
AMAZING NEW

GOLD SEAL POLICY

  PROVIDES THIS PROTECTION ^
  , m	FOR JUST <T

ONTH

  ....

r

//-

L

HOSPITAL
BILLS PAID!

CASH BENEFITS BIG

ENOUGH To Be WORTHWHILE!

 SICKNESS BENEFITS!

  Policy pays for loss of time due
  to sickness, a regular monthly
  income for as long as 3
  months, up to............

 ACCIDENT BENEFITS!

  Policy pays for accident dis-
  ability at rate up to $100 per
  month, for as long as 24
  months, or ..............

 ACCUMULATED CASH!

  Policy pays for accidental loss
  of life, limb or sight up to
  $4,000, accumulated to....

CASH for Almost Every Emergency!

Now, added millions can afford all-around insurance protection. Here
is a combination SICKNESS, ACCIDENT & HOSPITALIZATION
policy for just a dollar a month that pays in strict accordance with its
provisions for ANY and ALL accidents, ALL the common sicknesses,
even non-confining illness and minor injuries. It pays disability
benefits from the very first day. NO waiting period! NO this is not the
usual "limited” policy. It’s an extra-liberal policy that provides quick
cash to replace lost income, pay doctor and hospital bills, for medicines
and other pressing demands for cash that invariably come when
sickness or accident strikes.

POLICY ISSUED By Mail AT BIG SAVINGS!

NO MEDICAL EXAMINATION!

Ages 15 to 69. Actual policy sent by mail for 10 Days
Free Examination. NO cost! NO obligation! NO
salesman will call! See this policy and judge for your-
self. It’s the protection you need and should have at
a price you can afford, just mail coupon below! But
do it today. Tomorrow might be too late!

 ■

 ■

 I

 ■

 i

 a

 a

 s

 i

 a

 ■

 ■

The SERVICE LIFE INSURANCE CO.

   729 Service Life BIdg., Omaha 2, Nebraska
SEND without cost or obligation your extra-liberal
“Gold Seal” Sl-A-MONTH Policy for 10 Days’ Free
Inspection.

NAME.

ADDRESS............................AGE.

CITY..............................STATE.,

BENEFICIARY............................

SIS S1CKNESS' accident

 fir"*' and MATERNITY

  Policy pays "hospitalization benefits”
  for sickness, accident or maternity, in-
  cluding hospital room at rate of $5.00
  per day, operating room, anaesthesia, ,
  drugs, dressings, laboratory, X-ray, oxy-
  gen tent and other services, even dmbu- t
  lance service. Total hospital benefits as
  specified to over...................

         729 Service Life
         Building

     ~ ......................—1—mmmm
a THIS IS A MAGAZINE OF FICTION. THE CHARACTERS NAMED AND ^
' INCIDENTS DESCRIBED DO NOT REFER TO ANY ACTUAL PERSON r

Jungle
Stories

T. T. SCOTT, President	MALCOLM REISS, General Manager

A THRILLING HOVEL Of KI-GOR'S AfRICAN EMPIRE
THE MONSTERS OF VOODOO ISLE. . . John Peter Drummond 2

 A death-frail lured Ki-©er fo fhe Isle of Mists, and a god of weird powers welcomed
 him. Helene, his golden mate, had already fallen prey to this strange Master—and now
 the Jungle Lord would share her fate . , . become a slavering, mindless creature whose
 great hands would kill for evil.

THREE HOVELETS Of GRIM JUNGLE PERIL

THE JUNGLE OF CHARRED CORPSES.......Paul Se!onke 57

        Wild and frenzied screams cut fhe jungle night, and Nyua's stench of
        death permeated the air. Bwalla, Chief of the Guntaiis, had called upon
        his deadly fire-god — and now ail white men in the land would die.

BLACK MAHOGANY..............Dan Cushman 76

        A fortune in black wood—for any man whose skin was tough enough to
        shed barbed arrows; whose heart was cold enough to resist Seeva, the
        treacherous dancing girl. A treasure in black mahogany —for Armless
        O'Neil — if he could live long enough to fake if.

RED ROGUE KILLER ...............Day Keene 100

        All fhe jungle shrieked the red-bearded god's cruelty. Men died in his
        terror-kraal — the flesh stripped from their living bodies. And now this
        girl, lovely and young, had come into his district of death, begging to be
        taken to him, claiming he was her brother.

A SHORT STORY Of THE CONGO DEEP

DEATH PLAGUE OF MATA-GARA..........John Sfarr 47

        The Eater of Souls began by stealth. But soon the bush shook to the
        endless, chilling roar of the Gimshai's juju lion ... as it brought death
        — and worse them death — to ail in fhe jungle.

20c per copy
THIS IS A FICTION HOUSE MAGAZINE

JUNGLE STORIES: Published quarterly by Glen-Kel. Pub. Co., Inc., 670 Fifth Ave., New York 19, N. Y. Entered
as second-class matter October 2, 1944, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3, 1879. .The
entire contents of this magazine are copyrighted 1946 by Glen-Kel Pub. Co., Inc. All rights reserved. For advertising
rates address: THE NEWSSTAND FICTION UNIT, 9 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, N. Y.

Printed in U. S. A,

SPRING ISSUE 1946
(February-April)

Vol. 3, No. 6
2

The monster screamed his hate and lunged to the attach.
The Monsters of
Voo Doo Isle

By JOHN PETER DRUMMOND

A death-trail lured Ki-Gor to The Isle of Mists, and a god of weird powers
welcomed him. His golden mate had already fallen prey to this strange Master
—and now the Jungle Lord would share her fate . . . become a slavering,
mindless creature whose great hands would kill for evil.

ABOUT the tall, lean white man and
the squat, thick-bodied black who
trailed at his heels there was an
air of urgency and a certain furtive watch-
fulness.

With his carefully tailored clothes, his
precise grooming, the white man at first

glance was out of place against the wild,
primeval backdrop of the Congo. Yet
despite the clearly discernible anxiety that
drove him forward, he moved with prac-
ticed assurance along the winding game
trail.

  The squat native who served him gave

3
4	JUNGLE

scant attention to the track they followed.
Even a white man could follow a spoor as
plain as the one they stalked. The black,
however, was as tense and wary as his
master. His hard eyes endlessly combed
the jungle walls about them. The least
shift in the forest’s raucous noise pattern
brought him up listening.

  Plainly, the two men hunted, but they
were not hunters in the usual sense. Like-
wise, though their tense watchfulness re-
vealed fear of discovery, it was not discov-
ery by their quarry, but by other men that
they so anxiously sought to avoid.

  Where the jungle trail sloped down to a
stream crossing, they stopped. The air
from the hollow rose sweet with the scent
of unnumbered blossoms along the water’s
edge. Scarlet, yellow and purple flowers
massed in a riot of color.

  The two men’s eyes focused on a spot
where the blossoms lay crushed and tram-
pled. They studied intently two huge im-
prints in the soft mud of the bank. The
footprints were of a size to bring gasps of
amazement from any sportsman.

  But the white man’s only reaction was a
bitter twist of his lips, a dart of anger in
his black, unblinking eyes. He glanced
accusingly at the native and the black
flinched as though a lash touched him. His
eyes belied his suave, patrician look,
betrayed the thing that linked him in close
brotherhood with the Congo. In the staring,
seething blackness of his eyes was revealed
his blood kinship with this cruel, green
world, a oneness with the ruthless killer
beasts who stalked the Congo trails.

  “He cannot be far ahead,” he snapped.
“When we come on him, this time keep your
head.” His voice was harsh, threatening.

  “Yes, doktor,” hastily answered the
native, his guttural pronunciation of “doc-
tor” being uttered with a tinge of awe and
fear. The title was voiced like the name of
a deity.

  Branches snapped and rustled across the
stream. A troop of baboons; coughing and
barking among themselves, swung along
upwind from the two men. They headed
through the trees, paralleling the trail and
soon moved from view. The ill-tempered
tree tribe was out of sight hardly a minute
when their voices, harsh with anger rose
in violent, stacatto barks.

  The white man listened to the clamor,

STORIES

turned inquiringly to the squat native,

  “Some one comes,” the black replied to
the unspoken question. The native knew
from experience only sight of a man aroused
the ugly-tempered baboons to such vio-
lence.

  “He must not see us,” warned the doctor.
The warrior nodded. His right hand
reached almost too eagerly for the bow
hung across his shoulder.

  “One quiet arrow,” he promised, “and
he will see nothing.”

  “No,” the white man decided, leading
the native swiftly behind a concealing
growth of shrubs. “We must not attract
attention. By killing him we might bring
searchers.”

THE two men squatted in hiding, sup-
pressing the urge to slap away the
vicious gnats swarming in the foliage.
They saw a small sturdy figure come up
to the stream at a soundless trot. He was
a pygmy, one of the strange, savage, little
people who drifted like ghosts through the
jungle, a people ruthless in war, feared
and respected for their bravery and cun-
ning.

  Muscles rippled smoothly in his arms and
shoulders as the little man bent to drink.
There was a regal grace in his movements,
hidden power in his taut, hard body. The
careless manner in which he held his blow
gun showed he did not suspect the pres-
ence of the hidden men.

 The pygmy crouched long by the
stream, slowly drinking the cool water.
Directly across from him, pressed deep in
the soft mud, were the two immense foot-
prints. They were prints to excite any
native, especially an ever-curious pygmy.
The small man rose, however, trotted
through the water and passed the unusual
spoor without so much as a glance.

  When the slight figure disappeared, the
white man stood up, slapping the stinging
gnats away from his face and hands. The
black rose, too, expelled his breath with
a sigh.

  “It is good we did not slay him,” he
told his master. “I recognize the small
one. He is N’Geeso, chief of the pygmies.
His men would comb the forest to find
his killers.”

  The doctor made no reply. For just such
reason he had forbidden an arrow from
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

ambush. He stared at the monster tracks
squashed deep in the mud.

  “Odd,” he said, half to himself. “He ran
right by the tracks without noticing them.”
Then he shrugged his shoulders as though it
were of no consequence and plunged for-
ward, his long legs endeavoring to make up
the time lost.

  His hard-faced companion did not dis-
miss so easily the memory of the pygmy
chieftain’s action, but he kept his thoughts
to himself, knowing they would anger his
master. Experience had taught him an
immense respect for the pygmies. He knew
it was second nature for the keen-eyed
N’Geeso to read every sign on the trail.
The fact that the little man gave no atten-
tion to the giant tracks only proved he was
already familiar with them and with the
means of their origin.

  And a secret in the hands of a pygmy
was no longer a secret. Yet the black man
held his tongue. Perhaps they could finish
their mission and get away before N’Geeso
could act. In any case, he dared not give
any additional bad news to the doctor.

  Shortly, they came to a fallen tree. The
long-dead trunk half blocked the trail, and
its position and the freshly torn turf about
it told the story. Some creature of immense
power had lifted the rotting trunk from
the underbrush and tossed it into the trail.
The soft damp wood on the underside
was scratched and ripped where huge fin-
gers had searched for grubs.

  “See! He begins to search for food,” the
doctor exclaimed. “His hunger will trap
him for us.”

  The two men pushed forward at a faster
gait. Their quarry was only a few minutes
ahead. The white man’s bow was tightly
set, his unblinking eyes fierce and deter-
mined. The native loosened the small pack
he carried, shrugged it from his shoulders,
carried it ready in his hand.

  The jungle was abruptly silent. It was
the strained, ominous quiet that falls when
fear grasps the forest’s teaming small life.
Then ahead sounded the rending split of
wood. A branch had been sheared from a
tree, and the noise resounded like a blast.

  The doctor broke into a run now. Even
his untrained ears caught the crackle of
trampled shrubs, the snap of branches
forced aside by a ponderous slow moving
body. Perspiration streamed down the
white man’s tense face.

Ki-Gor and Helene.

  A green sweep of vines a hundred feet
further on shivered and ripped apart. A
giant figure burst through the wire-strong
tangle, stood clearly revealed in the trail.
He was huge as a massive stone idol.

  His hairy body was hideous in its size,
rearing more than twice as tall as a man,
with a gross and monstrous breadth. He
stepped forward, balancing on awkward,
over-size feet, his long arms dangling to
his knees.

  Atop the mountain of flesh, the creature’s
bulbous, misshapen head sat grotesquely.
There was a formlessness about his fea-
tures, as though the face were wax that
had partially melted. The poorly mated
eyes moved slowly, taking overly long to
focus on objects. Through some deformity
of the neck muscles, the creature’s head
sagged always to the left and forward.

  The beast swayed dully in the trail.
His sluggish mind struggled to decide on
his next move. In his posture, his hairi’-
body, his long arms, was a kinship with
the great apes. Yet no ape who shattered
the Congo morning with a fearsome chal-
lenge could stand in combat before this
monster for long.

  “Quick! Quick! The pack!” the white
man’s command came.

THE native placed the bundle in his
master’s outstretched hand, then stood
away as the white man advanced more
slowly, opening the pack as he neared the
6	JUNGLE

beast. He showed no fear, made no move,
for the gun looped over his shoulder.

  “Moldar,” he called, his voice cracking
like a pistol shot.

  The giant swung to face him. The dull
eyes focused slowly. The vast, sluggish
body swayed indecisively. Then as mighty
muscles tensed, it appeared the creature
would lunge to the attack.

  The white man sensed the threat. He
halted, but continued to talk. He was small
and insignificant before the towering black
bulk.

  “Quiet, Moldar,” he ordered. “Here's
food.” From the pack he drew an aromatic
loaf. It was a mixture of foods pressed
together.

  “Catch!” he said, and tossed the loaf at
the beast.

  At the word catch, the creature’s arm
snapped out with surprising speed, snared
the loaf in mid-air. He crammed the loaf
into his mouth, devouring it with a gulp.
Then he waved an arm forward again,
growls rumbling from his deep chest.

  The white man held out another loaf,
and walking slowly away from the giant,
called him to follow. The creature refused
to budge. His only reaction was the
increased violence of his snarls.

  The doctor’s voice grew sharper. He
threw another loaf, then tried again to
lead the beast away. This time the monster
stopped his rumbling, listened attentively
to the command voice.

  The doctor retreated further down the
trail, holding the loaf invitingly in view.
The beast swayed forward, began to follow
with ponderous steps. The tight muscles
in the doctor’s face relaxed, he fell into a
normal walk. The native reappeared, smil-
ing at his master’s triumph. The heavy
tread of the following giant slowed, then
stopped. The white man swung around to
face the creature. This time he was relaxed,
confident.

  “Moldar,” he called.

  He knew the beast would follow him
now.

II

KX-GOR, White Lord of the Jungle,
raced down the narrow game trail
with effortless grace. Despite his ground-
eating pace, his great body moved with

STORIES

velvet ease. He was a tall, superbly pro-
portioned man, with a deeply tanned, hard-
muscled body that tapered from broad
shoulders to slim hips.

  Like a figure from pagan mythology,
he glided through the tumbled wilderness
of tropical vegetation. His muscle-corded
body was naked but for a leopard-skin
breachclout. At his waist was a long, ivory
handled knife. The quiver on his back was
filled with arrows, and in his right hand
he carried a powerful bow.

  Ki-Gor moved through the jungle not as
a white hunter or even a native. He stalked
the dim trails as a creature of the wild,
an equal in stealth and cunning of the
wariest forest denizen.

  He paused now, relishing the pleasure
of the hunt. He gave his head a quick toss,
throwing his blond mane into place.
Though he stalked only a springbok, he
took the keenest enjoyment in matching
his skill against the fleet, wily animal. His
keen ears caught no hint of the springbok’s
nearness, but his sensitive nostrils searched
out the creature’s scent.

  Ki-Gor veered from the trail, slid
wraithlike through the seemingly impene-
trable mesh of fern and vine. His cautious
tread was further cushioned by the thick,
damp carpet of rotting leaves.

  The White Lord shifted the bow to his
left hand, fitted an arrow to it with prac-
ticed skill. Except for the quick shift of
his blue eyes, he was relaxed. The spring-
bok’s warm, fresh scent grew stronger as
he worked his way upwind toward his
quarry.

  A lane opened between the trees. The
gazelle grazed daintily at the far end. Ki-
Gor raised his bow in a smooth, swift ges-
ture. The springbok caught the movement.
From complete repose the animal exploded
into action, leaped with all its amazing
power toward a dense stand of kunai grass.
Its soaring bound came incredibly fast.

  But Ki-Gor’s reactions outraced his
quarry’s. Suddenly taut muscles knotted
and curled on his brawny arms and shoul-
ders. The great bow, too powerful for an
average man to draw, bent like a reed under
Ki-Gor’s quick power.

  Too fast to follow, the long arrow sped
toward the leaping springbok. The missile
struck with the abrupt, flat sound of a
slapping palm. The creature convulsed in
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	7

its arcing flight, and writhing, disappeared
into the thick kunai grass. There was a
brief, surging rustle, then silence.

  Ki-Gor trotted into the grass a few
yards and surveyed his kill. With jungle
caution, he listened a moment, made cer-
tain of his own safety before kneeling
beside his quarry. Then he drew his knife,
and with deft strokes, severed a few choice
cuts. He wrapped the meat in a broad,
cool leaf, tied it with a vine so that he
carried it slung beside his quiver.

  His mission completed, Ki - Gor’s
thoughts turned immediately to his golden
mate, Helene, waiting for his return at
Silver River. Though he had been away
from her only a few brief hours, he felt an
overwhelming longing to see her, to hear
her soft, laughing voice.

  As a man of action, brought up in a
savage, primitive world, Ki-Gor was little
given to introspection. He seldom consid-
ered the drastic change in his existence, in
his very being, that had taken place since
the red-haired American girl had literally
crashed into his life. He rarely thought
beyond that day when Helene’s airplane
developed engine trouble on a trans-conti-
nental hop and made a forced landing in
the jungle.

  Ki-Gor started back along the trail, but
soon grew impatient at the slow pace of
ground travel. Securing his bow, he caught
a length of liana, and with a powerful
thrust of his lithe body, swung to a low
hanging bough. He ran along the branch,
catapulted upward to reach the middle
branches, and began to move eastward to-
ward the clearing and Helene.

  Ki-Gor drove in an almost straight line
for awhile, then adjusted his course to more
or less parallel the main trail that led
toward the river. His watchful eye soon
caught sight of a sturdy little figure
leisurely trotting in the same direction the
White Lord followed. Ki-Gor studied the
jogging man intently a few moments, then,
recognizing his small friend, N’G'eeso, he
smiled with pleasure. He started to swing
down to the trail, overtake the pygmy chief.
But a better idea struck him, broadened his
smile.

  The White Lord was unable to resist
a joke at N’Geeso’s expense. Obviously,
the little chief headed for Ki-Gor’s camp.
It would startle and puzzle him if when

he arrived a third plate of food awaited
him. The pygmy would not rest until he
learned how Ki-Gor came to expect him.

  Chuckling to himself, Ki-Gor began
framing outlandish tales of magical powers
with which to harass N’Geeso. The White
Lord swung in a wide arc around the trot-
ting native to escape discovery. Then he
began to race along the tree routes with
dizzy speed.

TWICE as he neared the camp, Ki-Gor
gave a distinctive thrilling whistle to
warn Helene of his coming. The sound
came back like a soft musical echo as his
mate replied. The red-haired girl stood
waiting in the clearing as Ki-Gor plunged
from the trees, landed before her.

  She was a fitting mate to the White Lord
of the Jungle. Spotlighted by a column
of sunlight, she was breath-takingly beau-
tiful as she waited. The sun struck glints
of fire from her long hair, high-lighted
every curve of her golden body. She
frowned quizzically, but laughter was in
her blue eyes.

  Helene knew Ki-Gor well, knew his
hurtling entrance meant some prank was
in the offing.

  “Now, what trick are you up to, Ki-
Gor?” she asked, pursing her lips in
mock severity.

  “Ho, woman, is that a way to greet a
great hunter who brings you food,” Ki-
Gor said in the lordly manner of a native
chief addressing one of many wives.

  The bronzed giant " glanced critically
around the clearing as he took the bundle
of meat from his back. His eyes halted on
the almost dead fire.

  “Why is my meal not prepared?” he
asked loudly. “So you spend the day play-
ing with that worthless monkey, Boko,
instead of working. I should sell you both
to the Arabs.”

  At the mention of his name, Helene’s pet
monkey came scrambling across the clear-
ing. He stopped beside his mistress, turned
his old man’s face admiringly toward her.

  “You’re a worse monkey than Boko,”
declared Helene. “In the first place, I had
nothing to cook until my husband could
find some old blind creature he was able
to kill. Second, you never will eat this
early.”

  “So? Then must I cook my own food?”
8

JUNGLE STORIES

Ki-Gor sped past Helene. Moving like one
possessed, he grabbed up an armful of fire
wood, blew the fire into quick life. He
sliced generous portions of meat, put them
to cooking. The clearing was on the bank
of Silver River, and Ki-Gor raced up the
bank to the first waterfall above the camp.
He darted along a narrow shelf of rock that
led behind the waterfall. Behind the fall
was a small cave which provided an ideal
natural ice box. Ki-G'or emerged from
this storehouse carrying fish, a variety of
fruits, yams, bananas and nuts.

  He had the meal under way in surpris-
ingly short time. Only then did he venture
to answer the stream of questions with
which Helene pestered him. Pleased at
his success in teasing her, he caught his
lithe mate up in his arms, carried her to
their customary eating place.

 He recounted how he discovered
N’Geeso, and explained his plan to empha-
size how utterly without surprise was the
pygmy’s surprise visit. Ki-Gor wanted to
worry his impish friend by claiming he
knew through some myterious means the
pygmy’s every move.

  Helene entered into the prank whole-
heartedly. She placed three sets of gourd
dishes on fresh green leaves. Meanwhile,
Ki-Gor heaped a large platter with food,
set it in the center of the dining place. Then
Helene and he sat waiting.

  They knew from experience N’Geeso
would suddenly materialize at the edge of
the clearing, shout a loud greeting, and
wait for their startled reaction.

  He appeared as they knew he would.
The bantam warrior, silent as a shadow,
slid from the jungle behind Ki-Gor’s back.
He shattered the air with the traditional
greeting: “Ho! I come without weapons!
Ho! A friend comes !”

  Neither Helene nor Ki-Gor moved a
muscle. In a lazy drawling voice, Ki-Gor
called over his shoulder, “You grow old,
friend N’Geeso, to travel so slowly. Come,
before your meal is cold.”

  N’Geeso’s mouth dropped open. His
face betrayed how well the tables were
turned, how confounded he was. He rushed
forward, stared at the place set for him,
at favorite foods obviously prepared for
him alone. His shrewd eyes searched Ki-
Gor’s pleasant, but unrevealing face.
Helene further deflated him. “It is good

to see you, N’Geeso. I was pleased three
days ago when Ki-Gor said you were com-
ing.”

/”T"'HE little man collapsed heavily into
JL his eating place. He scratched one leg
aimlessly.

  “It cannot be,” he said huskily, “Why,”
he protested, “I did not even know myself
three days ago.” He stared at the food,
peered once more into Ki-Gor’s face.
When at last he spoke, his voice was low.

  “So the great Ki-Gor, the one who so
long has smiled at the witchdoctors, now
takes up their practices himself. Only a
witchdoctor could know I was coming,
could know the exact time.”

  Ki-Gor devoted his attention to heap-
ing the pygmy’s plate with food. Helene
insisted on individual plates, and though
at first Ki-Gor thought it foolish, he had
grown to like the custom. N’Geeso ate
slowly, advancing solution after solution
as to how Ki-Gor knew of his visit, return-
ing always the answer that it was witch-
craft.

  At last, the White Lord could restrain
himself no longer. He burst out with a
booming laugh, explained the whole mat-
ter to the little chief. N’Geeso was relieved
immediately, and helping his plate again,
began to recover his spirits. Casting about
for a way to reestablish his prestige, he
remembered the real reason for his visit.

  “It is a good trick,” N’Geeso declared.
“We can use it again soon.” He smiled hap-
pily as he imparted the next news. “My
men discovered Masai warriors approach-
ing five suns ago. They watch them every
hour of the day and night. Our friend,
Tembu George leads them here.”

  Ki-Gor’s gray eyes twinkled at the
obvious delight which the pygmy took in
bedeviling his great friend and rival for
Ki-Gor’s affections, Tembu George, mighty
chieftain of the Masai.

  N’Geeso’s purpose in having his men
follow Tembu George’s progress was
clear. It appealed to N’Geeso’s sense of
humor to make the Masai warriors seem
like inept, clumsy woodsmen. N’Geeso, at
every possible opportunity told Tembu
George he crashed through the jungle like
an old, blind elephant. Since every warrior
prided himself on his jungle craft, by
checking on Tembu George’s every move,
THE MONSTERS OF VOO BOO ISLE

9

mm

mw*

 Ki-Gor threw all his power into the desperate lunge.

and by informing Ki-Gor of his approach,
the pygmy could have a marvelous time
in belittling the Masai’s skill.

  N’Geeso and Tembu George were Ki-
Gor’s staunchest friends. Amy one of the
trio would make any possible sacrifice for
another. Together they would face any
danger, and their past exploits already
were jungle legend. But the giant Masai
and the pygmy chieftain, to hear them talk,
were deadly, scornful rivals.

  “Tembu George will be so ashamed when
we finish with him, he won’t be able to
lift his head,” rejoiced the pygmy.

  “What makes you think he doesn’t know
about your men?” put in Helene. “Know-
ing Tembu George, he is probably waiting

for the proper time to capture them all.
It would please him to bring them here
tied up on poles like wild pigs.”

  N’Geeso sobered, knowing the Masai
chief was fully capable of just such villainy.
But he had detailed his best warriors to
watch the Masai. He relaxed, assuring him-
self it was not likely his men would be
taken unawares.

  “I suppose Tembu George will want us
to hunt with him,” the pygmy suggested
innocently.

  “He likes to hunt,” Ki-Gor said.

  For a minute, N’Geeso pursued the sub-
ject no further. He watched Helene play-
ing with Boko. The flame-haired girl was
teaching the monkey to bring her articles.
10	JUNGLE

She would show Boko a stick or a piece
of fruit, then toss it a few yards away,
coax him to bring it to her. Monkey-like,
Boko’s interest in the game always waned
quickly, but for a time he would obediently
fetch the thrown article at Helene’s com-
mand, “Bring it here.”

  “What will you hunt?” asked N’Geeso,
abruptly resuming his favorite subject of
Tembu George.

  “Two lions are killing men near Lake
Cama,” said Ki-Gor. “We will hunt them.”
“Ho,” grunted N’Geeso. “The man-
eaters are sport enough for an ordinary
hunter like Tembu George. But I know
where there is greater game.”

  The little man glanced sidewise, his keen
eyes judging the Jungle Lord’s interest.
In his voice was an excitement he could
not subdue.

  “I know a trail that only the brave can
follow, only those who walk without fear,
kill with the lightnings’ swiftness. The man
who makes this kill will be known through-
out the jungle.

KI-GOR grunted to show he was listen-
ing, threw a twig at Boko. What
weird tale was the little man concocting
now to make the hunt with Tembu George
seem a pale affair?

  “I am a great hunter,” N’Geeso pro-
claimed. “My men urged that I make the
kill alone. But I thought of my friend, Ki-
G'or. I wanted to share my good fortune
with him.”

  “All the jungle praises your generosity,”
said Ki-Gor. But only Helene caught the
wry humor in his tone.

  “This one is a giant, many times taller
than you, and with shoulders broader than
a man can jump.” N’Geeso declared, his
voice growing excited. “Aaaiiieee! He is
hairy like an ape, but his step shatters
the earth and all the evil of the night is in
his voice.”

  Ki-Gor noted the flame that kindled in
the pygmy’s eyes. N’Geeso’s face was
deadly serious. Had N’Geeso seen some-
thing unusual, or was this another native
rumor grown even larger in the retelling ?

  “Tembu George will be pleased to share
such a hunt with us,” Ki-Gor said.

  N’Geeso’s expressive hands made a dep-
recating gesture, then the wily pygmy
caught himself, remembered to use guile.

STORIES

  “We cannot wait,” he said flatly. “We
must hunt at once or the chance will be
gone.” At Ki-Gor’s questioning glance he
continued, “A strange white hunter fol-
lows the trail.”

  “What ?” Ki-Gor was abruptly interested.
He knew of no white man in this area.
“You saw this man?”

  “I saw his spoor on the trail,” replied
N’Geeso. “He tracks the giant.”

  “Then we will go at once,” the White
Lord decided.

  But his reason for going was not what
the delighted N’Geeso believed. He still
placed little faith in the tale of a giant
ape. But if a white man had entered his
territory, he must have a look at him. With
renegade whites always came trouble. No
white man other than Ki-Gor was sup-
posed to be within hundreds of miles of
this dense little-known Congo spot.

  Ki-Gor rose, stood towering above the
pygmy, a far-away look in his eyes. It was
puzzling that a stranger requiring guides
and the help of native tribes could travel
the Congo without the jungle telegraph
betraying his presence. Yet not once had
the throbbing drums mentioned an intruder.

  When Ki-Gor’s decision was made,
Helene was instantly ready to go. She
quickly brought him his weapons. Boko,
although uninvited, made it clear he in-
tended to follow his mistress.

  Looking on the trip as only a small
adventure, Ki-Gor and Helene were gay
and happy as they left the clearing. N’Geeso
trotted behind the jungle couple, and .lis-
tening to their carefree talk, his own elation
drained away, his face grew solemn. A
pang of fear, of regret, darted through him.

  The White Lord’s skill was the greatest
in the jungle, and his bravery was unques-
tioned. Yet fresh in N’Geeso’s memory was
the hulking monster that smashed trees
aside like shrubs. He alone was responsi-
ble for leading Ki-Gor on this dangerous
mission and, suddenly, N’Geeso was
afraid for his great friend.

Ill

N’GEESO trailed the jungle couple in
silence for a long while. He was
bewildered by the sudden doubts which
assailed him. Time and again he started to
call to the White Lord, urge him to turn
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

11

back. He was utterly devoted to Ki-Gor
and Helene, and he could not bear to think
he might cause them harm.

  But when he thought of the devil beast,
he could not turn back. In the jungle, a
great hunter was respected above all. If
he could share in killing this monster,
N’Geeso’s name would be spoken with
respect in the furthest corner of the Congo.
This was the chance of a lifetime, and the
little man could not let it pass.

HE watched the White Lord’s easy
stride, heard his carefree voice. Ki-
Gor’s every move revealed the immense
strength and vitality that throbbed in his
muscled body. The smooth play of his
long, hard muscles held N’Geeso’s eye.

  The pygmy chief was suddenly reas-
sured. The White Lord of the Jungle was
not a man like other men. The gray-eyed,
steel-nerved jungle man was a figure to
command respect and confidence.

  N’Geeso smiled. He was an old woman
to doubt the powers of the mighty Ki-Gor.
He was a fool to worry that his friend
could not outwit the huge but stupid beast.

  As his bouyant spirits returned, he sav-
ored the thought of Tembu George’s arri-
val. He planned how he would carefully
refer to hunting down the monster, thereby
squelching completely the tales of prowess
the Masai leader intended to relate.

  Though Ki-Gor lay little faith in
N’Geeso’s story of a strange monster, he
took increasing note of the little man’s cer-
tainty of action, N’Geeso took the lead
when they left the neighborhood of Ki-
Gor’s camp. Without wasted motion, the
pygmy hurried them along a network of
paths toward the creature’s haunts. Ki-
Gor expected at most to find some unu-
sually vicious or hunger-maddened animal.
N’Geeso’s movements grew more stealthy
as they progressed. He was cool as always
on a hunt, but Ki-Gor, from long expe-
rience, knew the pygmy was unusually
cautious.

  Then N’Geeso motioned them to a halt.
He pursed his lips, gave a liquid, warbling
bird call. Helene took advantage of the
pause to rest. Her pet monkey moved play-
fully through the branches overhead.

  Ki-Gor was intrigued by N’Geeso’s
action, but he asked no questions. The
White Lord lounged against a tree, his

interest apparently focused on the erratic
progress of a small, bright-green frog. He
heard the almost imperceptible rustle
which followed N’G'eeso’s signal, and
abruptly realized how carefully the small
chief had planned this foray.

  Two bands of pygmies slid from the
underbrush. They said nothing, but their
broad grins adequately expressed their
pleasure at Ki-Gor’s presence. N’Geeso
glanced innocently at the White Lord. The
warrior’s presence showed how confident
the sly little chief had been that he could
lure the jungle man to the hunt. Ki-Gor
smiled inwardly, yet he realized if N’Geeso,
with such an able force of hunters, still
came to him for aid, then the quarry must
be dangerous indeed.

  He frowned, turned his gray eyes on
Helene. As though reading his mind she
tossed her head, emphatically declared: “I
will not do it, Ki-Gor; I am going with you
and I will not stay back here. You know
there can’t be any such monster. So don’t
be worrying about me/’

  “Wah,” Ki-Gor said in mock fear. “I
•will match you against N’Geeso’s devil-
beast any day."

  The White Lord’s moment of doubt
passed. 1 he little man was merely plotting
to draw him into a hunt before Tembu
George’s arrival. It was only a move to
take the edge off Tembu George’s visit.

  The party moved forward again. Boko,
like the pet he was, swung back and forth
through the trees above them. He was
enjoying the outing as much as a city dog
taken on a walk through the park.

  An increasingly strong gorilla scent
assailed Ki-Gor’s nostrils. The harsh male
scent freshened as they went single file
down the trail. N’Geeso was in the lead,
with Ki-Gor second, Helene next and then
the pygmy warriors strung out behind.
Brilliant plumaged birds shrieked their
protests at Boko’s antics,

   “He is just ahead,” N’Geeso whispered.
“Then we hunt one of the tree people?”
asked Ki-Gor, employing the native name
for gorilla.

   “Aaaiiieee, Ki-Gor, my words are truth.
This is a devil-beast such as you have never
seen. Believe me, though his scent is that
of the tree folk, he is a dreadful giant of
evil.”

   At this point, Boko, bored by his com-
12	JUNGLE

panions’ slow ground travel, frisked far
ahead out of sight. Emboldened by the
presence of his friends, the man-things,
Boko ranged with reckless abandon. But
shortly after he disappeared, Boko shrieked
piercingly, his voice almost human in its
terror. He came hurtling back, threw him-
self into Helene’s arms, shaking with
fright.

  Helene attempted to quiet Boko, but as
they followed N’Geeso in the direction from
which the monkey had fled, the little fel-
low’s terror increased. Finally, he could
stand it no longer, and tearing himself from
Helene’s arms, he sped back down the trail.

K[-GOR was puzzled by the pet’s action,
realizing no ordinary jungle sight
could so frighten Boko. Urged by inner
instinct, the White Lord tested his bow,
held it ready. Now the gorilla scent was
everywhere. He felt the short hairs along
the back of his neck bristle, felt his muscles
tense. Yet his mind still found no explana-
tion for these instinctive reactions.

  The trail opened into a sunlit clearing.
Waist-high kunai grass rippled in the faint
wind. Silence pressed over the clearing.
No sign of life stirred on the open land.
Not a single bird call broke the eerie quiet.
Even the staccato calls of the tree toads
were hushed. Yet, beneath this apparent
peace was the electric feel of danger.

  Though no word was spoken, the pyg-
mies paused at the edge of the clearing.
For the first time in his memory, Ki-Gor
noted apprehension among the bold little
hunters. This was the devil-beast’s lair,
and somewhere in the still forest about the
clearing lurked the monster.

  Then the thing they waited for came.
Terrible, earth -shaking, the creature’s
shattering challenge sounded. The faint
breeze eddying over the kunai grass had
carried their scent to him. The blasting
noise was an angry, rolling crash of thun-
der. Timber snapped and broke under the
impact of tremendous weight.

  The great beast moved to meet them.
The hunted came to face its hunters. This
was no frightened quarry, fearful of man
and his weapons.

  Ki-Gor stared across at the line of trees.
He saw a stand of saplings shiver, then
sway back before an immense weight. A
mammoth creature smashed his way from

STORIES

the forest, stood clearly revealed in the
sunlit clearing.-

  An involuntary scream broke from
Helene’s lips. After a first gasp of alarm,
the pygmies froze in their tracks. Even
Ki-Gor stared at the gargantuan creature
in disbelief, unable to trust his own eyes.
The monster stood upright, drummed on
his vast chest with mounting fury. He
showed many gorilla characteristics, both
in looks and actions. But in his tremendous
stature, his vast breadth of chest, there
was something unnatural, misshapen.

  Never had Ki-Gor seen such dreadful
fury as the beast exhibited. A burning
madness possessed him. Studying the
beast, Ki-Gor’s keen eyes discovered an
answer. Embedded deep in the monster’s
shoulder were two arrows, the blood still
ebbed from the raw, torn flesh. No wonder
the creature raged at the sight of men; he
knew by bitter experience men were his
enemies and in his raging strength he
thirsted for vengeance.

  The monster screamed his hate to the
heavens. He drummed his chest, ripped and
tore at the underbrush. Then, with a
landslide’s fearful irresistible momentum,
he lunged to the attack. The earth shook
under the blasting drive of his feet. It was
incredible so huge and awkward a creature
could move so fast. A moan went up from
the pygmies, and except for N’Geeso, they
were paralyzed. Ki-Gor watched the rac-
ing monster, knew in that moment poisoned
darts could never halt that bulk of bone
and muscle in time. There was just cause
for the pygmies’ despair, for they also
had realized the truth too late.

  The White Lord of the Jungle recognized
in that instant the lives of all of them
depended on his actions. He alone could
stop the insane killer. And yet the fester-
ing arrows buried in the beast’s shoulder
showed how puny even were his weapons.

  But not without reason was the White
Lord’s name a legend in the jungle. Ki-Gor
stood without a tremor as death raced
toward him. Steel-nerved, he swept an
arrow from his quiver, fitted it to his
great bow. He aimed as coolly and delib-
erately as a machine which knows no
feeling.

  The muscles of his back and arms
writhed like snakes as he drew the bow.
Then the long arrow flashed in the sun-
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	13

light, hissed as it cleft the air in hurtling
flight. It struck true to its mark. Pain
and hurt were abruptly in the monster’s
maddened screams.

THE ponderous beast slowed, swerved
sideways. He raised one hand to claw at
his face, tear at the arrow which lay
embedded in his eye socket. N’Geeso
stabbed three poisoned darts into the hairy
bulk. A pygmy, believing Ki - Gor had
permanently halted the beast, had dealt
a fatal wound, gave an exultant shriek.

  But the mountainous creature was far
from death. His vast network of bone and
muscle would not die easily. The pygmy’s
cry made him swing his good eye on the
group. His slow mind linked the tearing
pain in his head with the humans. He
roared his hate, heaved forward to rip
the man-things to bits.

  With the beast almost upon them, this
time the pygmies broke and ran. Only
N’Geeso held firm, stabbing poisoned darts
into the thick hide. And the White Lord
of the Jungle stood unwavering, never
moving his gaze from the beast’s good eye.
As the monster thundered down on him,
he drew his bowstring back to the furthest
point. Its sharp, clear twang went un-
heard as the jungle’s deadliest marksman
drove his second arrow into the devil-
beast’s remaining eye.

  Ki-Gor had achieved his purpose. He
had blinded the giant. He watched the
mountainous creature reel blindly, drunk-
enly, off course, crashing into the wall of
trees to his right.

  The mammoth animal flailed and clawed
the matted underbrush, destroying every-
thing that came in reach. Even blinded
he was still terrible in his power.

  Ki-Gor had judged the giant well. He
knew the best placed arrows could not
bring sudden death to the devil - beast.
Realizing he could not stop the charge, he
took the only course open. He made the
giant helpless by blinding him.

  “Darts! Darts!” Ki-Gor commanded,
his stern voice jerking the pygmy warriors
back to their senses. The little men ranged
themselves about the ravening animal.
Their poisoned barbs pelted into his tough
skin. His mad exertions, his fruitless rushes
served to pump the poison rapidly through
his body. The pygmies danced back and

forth eluding the giant’s ever-more sluggish
rushes. Then, with almost stunning abrupt-
ness, the monster staggered and fell.
Quickly he was dead.

  A triumphant cry went up from the pyg-
mies. N’Geeso was beside himself with
joy. He leaped about in happiness. But
Ki-Gor showed little elation, turning in-
stead to reassure himself that Helene was
all right. She stood, wide-eyed, and solemn,
regarding the miraculous deed her great
mate had wrought.

  “I thought it was the end,” she con-
fessed. “Where could that—that thing
have come from?”

  “Wah,” Ki-Gor exclaimed. “Truly it is
a puzzle.” He frowned, thinking of the
beast’s destructive power. “There is work
for N'Geeso, Tembu George and me. We
must learn more about this mad one. We
must search out his story.”

  They walked nearer the huge carcass.
Ki-Gor’s careful eyes studied the body. It
was the figure of a gorilla, but strangely
huge.

  “Maybe he’s a freak,” suggested Helene.
“Something is so unnatural, so distorted
about him.”

  N’Geeso and his men, however, were
little concerned with the devil-beast’s origin.
They were drunk with delight at having
shared in such a kill. They wrangled
excitedly about the best method to take
the skin, for they were laying plans even
now to parade this trophy through a score
of villages.

  “Aamiieee,” cried N’G’eeso, reaching high
to tap Ki-Gor on the chest. “Will not
Tembu George’s eyes pop when he sees
this. Never again will he dare raise his
voice to boast of his puny hunts.” N’Geeso
chortled in glee, “And those foolish Masai
warriors will see what it means to have a
chief who can lead his men to a real kill.”
Ki-Gor nodded his head sagely, agreeing
with every word. Then he pointed to the
wound in the creature’s shoulder. The
feathered tips of two arrows protruded from
the flesh. Even under their crust of dried
blood, the distinctive mark of the arrows
were clearly discernible. Those tribal
markings were known to every native.

  “The Masai won’t be too surprised when
you tell them your story,” Ki-Gor softly
pointed out. “Those arrows show they have
already seen him.”
14	JUNGLE

  “N’Geeso’s face fell. He was speechless
for a moment, thunderstruck to think his
carefully laid plan had been smashed by
Tembu George’s meddling warriors. Then,
as he began to think clearly, he brightened
again.

  “Ho, it is so much better,” he stated.
“Where they failed, I have succeeded.”

  His buoyant spirits once more soaring,
the pygmy chief turned away to loudly
direct the devil-beast’s skinning. Helene
and Ki-Gor exchanged mirthful glances,
but they said nothing. It was N’Geeso’s
hour of victory, and amused by the little
man’s anxiety to outdo his rival, the jungle
couple made no mention of the chief actor’s
part in the kill.

BUT though Ki-Gor smiled, the puzzle
of the giant beast bore on his mind.
He was anxious to learn more about the
creature, learn how it came here, where it
came from. So much did the subject absorb
him, that he let drop his original aim to
investigate the white hunter’s presence. He
decided to return to Silver River and
immediately upon Tembu George’s arrival
set out with the Masai chieftain to back-
track the devil-beast.

  Back at their camp the next day, the
jungle couple directed preparations for
Tembu George’s visit. The pygmy hunters
helped lay in a stock of game and fruits.
Alone of all the pygmies, N’Geeso was of
little help. Yet he was most anxious of
all for Tembu George to arrive. The
pygmy chief squatted by the fire, rocked
happily on his heels, embroidered over and
over to himself an ever more detailed tale
of the devil-beast with which to amaze the
Masai leader.

  Nightfall came without any sign of the
Masai. In the morning, feeling certain the
big fighting men must arrive soon, every-
one was astir at dawn. As the hours passed
uneventfully, the camp grew more watch-
ful.

  It was mid-morning when Ki - Gor
abruptly straightened, stood listening. All
eyes focused on his intent face, “One man
comes,” the White Lord said at length.

  “Tembu George runs ahead,” suggested
Helene.

  “It is so,” N’Geeso quickly agreed.

  But Ki-Gor said nothing. He listened
to the almost inaudible sound made by the

STORIES

running man. It was not like Tembu George
to outdistance his men and Ki-Gor knew
this. Then minutes later, a tall, muscled
Masai warrior raced into view. His body
glistened with sweat. His breath came in
the heavy, uneven gasps of a man who has
overtaxed his strength. But though the
Masai was obviously exhausted, he held
himself proudly, stiffly erect.

  The warrior paid no attention to the
cry of welcome which greeted him. He
brushed through the line of pygmies that
moved to meet him, went straight to Ki-
Gor. His face was strangely wooden. He
stood silently for seconds staring at Ki-
Gor, his tired mind groping for words.

  Ki-Gor sensed something was wrong,
badly wrong. “Speak, Bagodu!” the White
Lord said swiftly. “What is it?” Concern
was in his face as he reached a friendly
hand to the warrior’s shoulder.

  Words came to the warrior then. He
spoke in a voice harsh with sorrow and
fatigue, spoke through lips which twisted
with the pain of what he must say:

  “The Masai need you, O Ki-Gor! Tembu
George lies dying!”

IV

THE clearing was suddenly so still the
wind’s faint whisper in the upper trees
was clearly heard. The pygmies fell to
shocked silence. Helene looked unbeliev-
ingly at Bagodu for a moment, then her
face paled and she caught her breath.

  The White Lord of the Jungle did not
move, did not speak for a timeless interval.
His face froze in hard set lines of self-
control. Then cold and quick, his voice
leaped out.

  “Tembu George’s killers will not live to
gloat,” he promised grimly, concluding the
Masai chieftain was fatally wounded by
some jungle renegade band. “Who did this
thing ?”

  “No, Ki-G’or,.it was a hunting accident,”
Bagodu said. ”We found him unconscious,
cut and bruised as though he had fought an
animal with his hands. He was hurt, but
with a little care, we thought he would
easily recover.”

  The huge Masai paused, hardly able to
speak of the matter. Tembu George was
adored by his warriors and Bagodu was
stunned by the swift turn of events.
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

15

  “.The Wasuli village was near,” he con-
tinued. “We took Tembu George there
and the Wasuli King gave us every help.
But Tembu George immediately grew
worse.” Helplessly the warrior concluded:
“He is dying and we can do nothing. His
skin is like fire and his muscles hardened
into steel knots.”

  N’Geeso had pushed his way to Ki-Gor’s
side. He stood frowning, his eyes soft
with sorrow. When he spoke, he spoke
as if Tembu George already were dead.

  “It is the Fever of the Black Water,” he
said quietly. “The very ground of the
Wasuli area is sick with it. If his muscles
knot hard and his body sweat, then it is
the Fever, not his wounds.”

  Bagodu nodded in despair, “Kalida, the
new Wasuli King said it was the sickness.”
Ki-Gor had heard tales of the strange
sickness, of the swift deadliness with which
it acted. Many Wasuli had died with it
in the last few moons. Even friendly, peace-
loving old King N’hya-Nyag was struck
down with the Fever. The new king,
Kalido, was the former ruler’s cousin.

  “I go at once!” Ki-Gor told Bagodu.
“He must not die!”

  Ki-Gor glanced at Helene. Knowing the
pain in his heart, she said nothing. But
when he trotted from the clearing, she ran
at his side. Tembu George was also her
friend. And unnoticed in the confusion,
Boko, Helene’s pet scampered to follow his
mistress.

  “We follow,” cried N’Geeso, as the
jungle couple swung into the tree routes,
sped toward the east.

  Ki-Gor’s mind was in turmoil. A world
as bright an hour before, was suddenly
darkened. Tembu George’s loss would
leave a void in Ki-Gor’s life. In addi-
tion, the mighty Masai chieftain was an
influence for good in the jungle second
only to Ki-Gor. With his steadying influ-
ence gone, a score of old feuds might well
revive.

  The war-like Masai, once the scourge
of the Congo, now worked with Ki-Gor to
maintain peace, avoid senseless bloodshed.
With Tembu George dead, a weaker, less
dominant leader might be unable to hold
in check Africa’s most dreaded warriors.

  And the method in which Tembu George
was injured puzzled Ki-Gor. It was unlike
the skilled warrior to be taken unawares

by man or beast. While such thoughts
turned endlessly in his mind, the White
Lord and his mate sped through the green
twilight of the trees.

  Neither the great-muscled White Lord
nor his slim, lithe mate spoke as they
drove tirelessly toward the Wasuli vil-
lage. There was none of the usual joy in
their graceful, swinging flight. The ex-
change of playful jibes, the leisurely side-
explorations, were forgotten. This was a
grimly serious race with death. Ki-Gor
was ever urged to greater speed by the
thought he might help save Tembu George
if he could arrive in time.

ENTERING the Wasuli hunting
grounds, he wondered at the signal
drums’ silence. It was odd that the jungle
telegraph lay unused. Ordinarily, the
great drum would be spelling out Tembu
George’s progress, and the' message would
be picked up by distant villages to be
relayed in an ever-widening circle through
the Congo. The Masai chieftain’s fate
was a matter of deep interest to countless
tribes, whether friendly or enemy peoples.

  Then when the Wasuli were so close he
could smell the smoke of their campfires,
the great drum spoke. It spoke with the
clear, swift breaks that an accomplished
drummer sending a vital message imparts.
Heavy and ominous the drum beat sounded.

  Ki-Gor slowed and stopped as the great
drum’s notes smote the air. He listened
and his face was graven stone. He
listened and his broad shoulders sagged,
his long steel-fingered hands knotted into
fists.

  Helene could not read the drum talk,
but this once she did not need to under-
stand the rapid beat. She looked at her
silent, motionless mate, and understood.
Boko came near her, chattered curiously at
her stillness, but she gave him no notice.

  Tembu George was dead!

  The giant black man, with his quick
smile and his deep, joyful voice, was gone.
The huge warrior who would have led his
men against the devil’s own legions at
Ki-Gor’s bidding was no more. The tall,
straight American Negro who had won
leadership of the Masai through his wis-
dom and strength of arms never again
would cry out a happy greeting to Ki-Gor
and Helene.
16	JUNGLE

  Minutes passed before Ki-Gor stirred
again. Then with careful, deliberate move-
ments, he descended to the ground. When
Helene joined him, he led her toward the
village. Boko, upset by the strange actions
of his masters, followed disconsolately.

  The death drum still maintained its
rhythmic beat when they entered the vil-
lage. Ki-Gor halted at the entrance, stared
at the unfamiliar cluster of huts. He sel-
dom visited the Wasuli. Their record was
not one to inspire the White Lord’s trust
or friendship. They were lazy, treacherous
people, forever in search of easy spoils.

  King N’hya - Nyag, whose reign had
lasted only three years, had kept the Wasuli
in bounds, and was beginning to gain the
good - will of neighboring tribes when he
suddenly died of the Fever. KiGor was
not acquainted with Kalido, the new ruler,
who had assumed the throne two moons
before.

  Men and women stood about in small
groups. There was an air of uneasiness in
the village. In each person’s mind was the
thought that perhaps he might be the next
victim. Then, too, it was not good that
a Masai chieftain should die in their vil-
lage.

  In some unaccountable way, the fierce
Masai might attach Tembu George’s death
to them. The Wasuli, warriors and women
alike, wished above all else not to antag-
onize the Masai fighting men. Ki-Gor
sensed this tension, knew its origin.

  Suddenly, a keen-eyed woman saw Ki-
Gor and his red-haired mate. The low-
voiced murmur of conversation fell away.
All eyes focused on Ki-Gor. How would
the White Lord of the Jungle take his
friend’s death?

  Then a heavy-shouldered, powerfully-
built man well above average height strode
through the silent natives. His carriage,
his step easily identified him as a strong
man, both in body and mind. He raised
his right hand as he approached the jungle
couple. His bright, quick eyes never
wavered from the White Lord’s face.

  “I greet you in sorrow, Oh Ki-Gor,” the
big man said in deep, even tones. “Excuse
the rude silence of my people. They are
embarrassed that your visit is an occasion
of sadness.”

  So this was Kalido? Even in this mo-
ment, Ki-Gor could not help comparing

STORIES

the assured speech, the confident manner
of this man with his predecessor’s
shambling’ uncertain actions.

  “Though the time of our first meeting
is bad, the fault is not yours. You have
my thanks, Kalido, for helping my friend.”
Ki-Gor paused, his eyes searching for a
sign of the Masai. “Now—if you will show
me where my friend lies.”

  Kalido regarded the White Lord a mo-
ment longer, then, with slow, measured
step, led the way. In the center of the
village, Ki-Gor saw the tall Masai stand-
ing stiffly about a hut. Their stone faces
revealed nothing, but their eyes mirrored
their anguish.

  O’gaahni, scarred by many battles, stood
at the door of the hut. In the war-like
Masai order, the command now passed to
him. Helene and Kalido stood back, as
Ki-Gor approached the chieftain.

  Ki-Gor’s arm went to the straight-backed
warrior’s shoulder, “The drums say a
friend is gone,” the White Lord said
simply. “My heart says the sun is gone.”
“It is so, Oh Ki-Gor,” O’gaahni replied
hoarsely. “It is good you are here. We
are lost.”

  “I would sit with my friend,” Ki-Gor
said, indicating his desire to be alone with
Tembu George.

  O’gaahni hesitated, his tongue could not
find the words to deny Ki-Gor. But Kalido
was quickly at Ki-Gor’s side.

  “O’gaahni has not the heart to bar you,”
the Wasuli King said in a low, serious
voice, “but it is dangerous. The Fever
stays long with the body. I beg you not
to endanger your own life. Tembu George
would understand.”

  The White Lord’s jaw set hard. “I would
be less than a man to let fear hold me
out.”

O’GAAHNI’S hard face softened at the
White Lord’s declaration. It was not
good to keep a man’s friends from his side
at such a time. Native custom required it,
even though Kalido warned of the great
danger. Seeing his words had no effect,
Kalido glanced at Helene, but found no
support there. He nodded in understand-
ing, stepped back.

  O’gaahni pulled aside the rush netting
which closed the doorway. Bending low
to clear the sill, the Jungle Lord stepped
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

17

into the hut’s dim interior. Helene took
a quick breath, followed him. The netting
closed behind them. . . .

  Later the Masai asked Ki-Gor to council
with them. They sought his advice as to
Tembu George’s burial. In the jungle,
burial rites must be held quickly.

  Realizing it was impossible to return
Tembu George to his people, O’gaahni and
his fellows were concerned as to the proper
move. The Wasuli were not held in high
esteem by their tribe. Yet Kalido had ex-
tended them every courtesy and now he
told the Masai his tribe would be honored
to accord the dead man the full ceremony
due a great chieftain. Not only would it
be an affront to the Wasuli to refuse, but
there was no other nearby place where
adequate honor could be given.

  Ki-Gor understood the cause of their
worry. He took the problem as his own,
considered it carefully. After a long while,
he spoke.

  “Accept the Wasuli offer,” Ki - Gor
advised. “The Wasuli will regard your
decision as a favor granted.”

  O’gaahni glanced at the faces of his men,
saw their assent. He stood up.

  “It is proper,” he said. “Kalido has
been more than good to us. Perhaps the
Wasuli will take a new path with their
new king. It is unjust to hold old grudges
ag-jinst them.”

  Kalido acted swiftly when the Masai
told him they were pleased to accept his
offer. Pie transformed the village into a
beehive of activity. The women hurried
to set great fires, prepare the traditional
burial feast. The warriors oiled their
bodies, daubed themselves with the blue
and white designs of mourning. The chief
witchdoctor and his assistants, in their
fearsome masks, stood vigil around Tembu
George, shrilling incantations. With their
rattling gourds and chanting, they formed
a protecting barrier to ward off the evil
spirits which the natives believe gather
around the newly dead.

  But the dark, sullen river which flowed
near the Wasuli village was the scene of
greatest activity. The River Without
Sound, the natives called it. Its dark, oily
waters flowed with infinite slowness past
the village to disappear into the black, dead
Swamp of Mists. From time immemorial

2—Jungle Stories—Spring

the Wasuli had floated their dead down the
river, the mourners halting their canoes
when the swamp mists reached out to
receive the burial canoe.

  The Wasuli spoke of the swamp in hushed
voices. No native ever set foot there. It
was an unknown, mysterious place given
over to the spirits of the departed. The
natives believed no man could enter the
rolling mists and emerge alive.

  And now, on the river bank, the Wasuli
busied themselves decorating their war
canoes with wreaths of blue and white flow-
ers. Special pains were taken with the
canoe which would carry Tembu George’s
body.

  A couch of fragrant grasses was laid
in the canoe, covered with lion skins. Fresh
food and water were placed by the bier.
Gifts were put in the boat’s prow and a
supply of weapons laid near the couch. With
practiced hands, the Wasuli rigged floats
on either side of the boat, cleverly fashioned
to balance the canoe and hold it steady
on its course. From each float a line was
extended back to a following canoe, this
giving added control over the burial boat’s
course.

THEN, when all was in readiness, the
death drum spoke. In two long files,
the chanting Wasuli approached the hut
w'here Tembu George lay. The tall, stern-
faced Masai walked in the fore of the
procession, followed by Helene and the
White Lord. Before the hut they halted.

  With solemn ceremony, Tembu George
was lifted on the joined shields of four
specially selected warriors. Raising the
departed chieftain’s body high, they walked
slowly down the lane formed by the Wasuli.
The great drum’s rolling beat spoke out
over the forest, and on distant trails, in
far-off villages men paused, knowing that
a mighty leader went on his last march.

  Through the village went the procession,
past the open gate, and down the trail
to the river. The long singing files grew
now as the women and children fell in
behind the warriors. Their lamenting
voices took on a strange, unreal quality
as they entered the jungle. The giant trees,
the tangled creepers and thrusting walls of
bramble caught the Wasuli dirge, muffled
it, threw back no echo.

  It was all a bad dream to Ki-Gor.
18	JUNGLE

Fatalist though he was, even at this mo-
ment, Ki-Gor could not grasp the fact of
Tembu George’s death. He had seen many
men die, had been near death himself
countless times, but he was unprepared
for this. Time and again his mind told
him: “It cannot be.” But when his eyes
rested on the upraised shields, he knew
the grim truth.

  He took his place with Helene in one
of the lead canoes. Kalido sat at a special
place in the prow. Tembu George lay
alone in the long, carved war canoe which
was his bier.

  At Kalido’s signal, two Wasuli waded
out and urged the decorated canoe into the
slow current. The other boats cast off,
and in utter silence, for the chanting had
ceased, the double row of watercraft began
to move.

  The funeral canoe hardly required use
of the guide lines attached to its steadying
floats. As though drawn by a magnet, it
slid gently downstream, headed for the
Swamp of the Mists.

  Except for the purl of water against
the boats, the breathing of the paddlers
as they kept the loaded canoes together,
the quiet continued unbroken for long
minutes. Then a Wasuli in each canoe
lifted a hand drum to his lap, smote it in
a sharp, quick cadence, and far back the
White Lord heard the witchdoctor lift
his voice in a high, wavering sing-song.

  Though the river appeared as sluggish
as ever, the canoes now moved more swiftly,
eagerly nosed through the dark water.
Ki-Gor gave an involuntary shiver. The
air was abruptly damp, heavy with the
odor of stagnant pools, rotting vegetation.
Along the banks the bright green foliage
was replaced by ragged, yellow-mottled
underbrush and the huge trees took on a
dead look, their bark blackened, their
limbs thick with curtains of moss. There
was no life, no movement anywhere as the
mourning party swept close to the great
swamp.

  Ki-Gor was shaken from his oppressive
thoughts by Helene’s voice beside him:
“Look, Ki-Gor, the mists!” And ahead of
them he saw white folds of vapor shimmer
and twist and curl over the river.

  He felt the boat surge under him, gain
speed as it swept toward the swamp. He
wanted to cry out for the procession to

STORIES

stop. He wanted to shout that this evil,
unclean haunt was no proper resting place
for a Masai chieftain, for his friend. As
this thought struck him, Kalido leaned for-
ward, knife in hand, and with one quick
slash cut the guide rope which bound them
to-Tembu George. In the other lead boat,
another native simultaneously severed the
other rope. Then paddles bit deep, brought
the two lines of following craft almost to
a standstill.

  The funeral canoe drove toward the
mists alone. Sunlight shone on the blue
flowers, gleamed on the weapons, illumi-
nated the massive black man who lay in
the canoe. Then the sunlight was gone
and the first fingers of mist curled over
the boat’s prow. The white folds fell
thicker and suddenly the craft was blotted
out.

KI-GOR sat staring at the water dur-
ing the entire trip back to the vil-
lage. His every instinct urged him to get
away as soon as possible, lose himself and
his grief in the jungle. He had no stomach
for the ceremonies still to come. Like a
creature of the wild, he wanted the com-
panionship at this time of no one but his
mate. Yet he knew he must not leave.
Native custom demanded that he stay in
the village until morning.

  Helene understood the bronzed giant’s
mood. She knew the emotions that surged
through this jungle-reared man, the dis-
taste he felt for the feasting and dancing
which were part of the rites to be endured.
But as they took their place in the central
compound, the couple’s composed demeanor
betrayed no inkling of their thoughts to
the Wasuli.

  The fires leaped up as the swift dusk
came. The distant rumble of a lion was
drowned out by the abrupt start of the
drums. A muscled warrior armed with
spear and shield, his body daubed with
white markings, moved lithely toward the
bank of drummers. He sprang high,
brandishing the spear, and then with a
leopard’s grace began the symbolic Dance
to the Dead.

  The White Lord at first watched the
whirling, posturing figure indifferently.
Then his gray eyes sharpened with inter-
est as he recognized the dancer. It was
Kalido, King of the Wasuli, rendering this
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	19

final honor himself to Tembu George. The
big man made an impressive figure in the
shifting firelight as he moved skillfully
through the barbaric ritual.

  “By dancing, he pays a very great tribute
to the Masai, doesn’t he, Ki-Gor?” asked
Helene.

  The White Lord nodded in answer, his
gaze following Kalido’s gyrations. At
length he said softly, “He is a strange—
an unusual man.” And in Ki-Gor’s voice
was neither approval nor disapproval.

  Helene glanced questioningly at Ki-Gor.
She lacked her mate’s keen insight into
native character, a knowledge gained only
through years of contact with the black
men.

  “He is a strong man, the first strong
leader the Wasuli have had in many years,”
Ki-Gor told her. “He can do a great deal
of good—or make the Wasuli worse than
they have ever been.”

  “Well, he has made a good beginning
today,” said Helene. “I know the trouble
you have had with this tribe. Maybe
Kalido can lead them straight.”

  “That is my hope,” declared the White
Lord.

 Two women shyly approached the
jungle couple now, placed gourds filled
with food before them. It was a rich feast
with many kinds of meat and fish, a variety
of fruits and vegetables, and quantities
of native beer. The women brought gourds
of cool spring water instead of the harsh
brew to Ki-Gor and Helene, still another
evidence of how carefully Kalido catered
to the likes of his guests.

  The White Lord and his mate both pre-
tended to partake of the food, but it was
play acting for they were entirely with-
out hunger. After the long, strenuous
day, however, Helene was thirsty. She
thought first of Ki-Gor and reached for
his drink, urged him to take a few swal-
lows at least. He shook his head as she
proffered the gourd, so with a worried sigh,
Helene tipped up the container, drank
deeply.

  The feasting and dancing continued late
into the night. The jungle couple were
joined from time to time by the Masai or
Kalido, and it was a long while before they
were able to seek the quiet of the hut
assigned them. Even then, despite their
utter weariness, sleep did not come easily.

  Counter to her usual habit, Helene was
awake the next morning long before Ki-
Gor. The earth was gray with the first
light, and the village was damp and cool
with the mists which had rolled in from
the river during the night. Helene shiv-
ered in the unaccustomed dampness when
she first awakened, but soon she felt hot
and feverish. Then the chill returned.

  She lay quiet until Ki-Gor awakened.
Not wishing to worry him and delay their
departure, she said nothing, though she
felt ever more miserable.

  “I want to go home, Ki-Gor,” she told
him. “Let’s not stay here even for the
morning meal.”

  Ki-Gor ran his hand through her soft
hair, caressed her gently. “I want to go,
too,” he said. “But N’Geeso should arrive
by evening. He will feel badly at having
missed the ceremony. Perhaps we should
wait for him.”

  Helene bit her lip. There were fine beads
of perspiration on her forehead, around
her mouth. She smiled at her mate, said
in her most winning voice, “Please. Let’s
go now.”

  He quickly gave in.

  “Let us go pay our respects to Kalido
and we will leave.”

  Ki-Gor did not notice that Helene
waited for him to walk ahead, that she
deliberately lagged behind. She kept back
of him to conceal her unsteadiness. The
ground seemed to roll beneath her feet,
the village weaved and shifted before her
eyes. She got through the farewells to the
Masai warriors all right, but her face was
white and set as they approached Kalido.

THE Wasuli king apparently had been
awake for some time. He had eaten
heartily according to the empty vessels
around him. He was absorbed in thought,
so much so that he did not hear the jungle
couple until they stood before him.

  He stared blankly at them for a moment,
then came out of his reverie with a start.
His eyes widened and his mouth half
opened. But quickly he was himself,
apologizing for day-dreaming.

  “One travels a long trail quickly in his
thoughts,” he said smiling, “and I was far
away when you approached.”

  Kalido studied the White Lord curiously.
“Is there something I can do?” he asked.
20	JUNGLE

  “Already you have done much,” Ki-Gor
answered. “We come to thank you.”

  “But you do not mean to leave,” pro-
tested Kalido, breaking in on Ki-Gor. “I
had hoped you would stay a few days.” He
paused. “But I think only of myself. Let
me walk to the gate with you.”

  As they turned to walk toward the gate,
Helene stumbled. Ki-Gor’s steadying hand
was on her arm in an instant. He paid
little attention to the incident, assuming
she had slipped on a rock. But Kalido’s
sharp eyes flicked over her taut features
and he frowned.

  They were almost to the gate when
Helene stumbled again, and this- time,
despite Ki-Gor’s aid, she sagged to her
knees. The White Lord looked at her in
growing alarm. Her eyes were closed, all
color drained from her face, and her body
was rigid against his arm. He lifted her
up, held her tightly, his gray eyes con-
fused and alarmed. Automatically, he
turned and strode through the village to
the hut they had left earlier.

  Ki-Gor placed his slim mate on the sleep-
ing mat, knelt beside her. He was familiar
with many jungle maladies and their treat-
ment, but this was something new to him
and he was lost. Bewildered, he turned to
Kilado, who stood close behind.

  “What is it?” he asked desperately.
“What can we do?”

  The Wasuli king moved nervously. His
eyes avoided Ki-Gor’s distressed gaze. He
cleared his throat. But at last he had to
speak.

  “It is the sickness brought by the mists,”
he said fearfully. “It is the Fever of the
Black Water.”

  Then, for the only time that any man
could remember, there were hot tears in
Ki-Gor’s eyes. It was the death that had
taken Tembu George. Now it was taking
Helene, taking her as he watched, and
with all his jungle knowledge, with all his
skill, strength and courage, he was help-
less to save her.

V

ALIDO watched the White Lord’s
seething torment as he learned
Helene was dying, waited while the white
giant bent frantically over the scarcely
breathing girl. Then the Wasuli leader

STORIES

moved quietly to the door, stood there so
he could be out of the hut in one leap.
He had seen many struck down with the
sickness. It was clear to him that after a
few more breaths Helene would be gone.
Kalido was apprensive about how Ki-Gor
would react.

  Ki-G'or’s devotion to his wife was a
jungle legend. At the least threat of harm
to Helene, he had been known to turn
from a calm, even-tempered man into a
raging, relentless battler. In losing her
now, might not the primitive giant in insane
grief connect the Wasuli with his tragedy,
turn in all his terrible strength and madness
on those about him? Kalido thought of
this and was fearful.

  But Kalido’s fears were in vain. When
it happened, when the White Lord real-
ized Helene was gone, he did nothing. He
did not move or speak. It was as though
in that moment his body had changed to
stone.

  The Wasuli leader stared at the great-
shouldered white man crouched there by
his still mate. He was stunned by the
terrible mute sorrow apparent in every
line of that powerful body. This was not
the reaction he had expected. Quietly, he
backed away from the scene, edged his
way from the hut.

  Word that something was amiss with
Helene had spread. Villagers saw her fall.'
Now a curious, muttering crowd was gath-
ered about the hut. When Kalido turned
to face them, they saw in his expression
the truth, and a low moan of anguish
sprang simultaneously from many throats.
But from sorrow at Ki-Gor’s misfortune,
the thoughts of the Wasuli quickly changed
to how the muscled giant would take this
second blow.

  “Aaaiiieee,” one said hoarsely, “I have
seen him mad with battle. He will blame
us. He will slay us all.”

  Another listened fearfully, the whites of
his eyes showing as he remembered seeing
the White Lord single-handedly smash and
disperse a band of slavers.

  “Nabunge speaks rightly. He will want
to kill. He will be like a wpunded lion,
mad with the lust for blood.”

  Nervously, natives detached themselves
from the group, began to scatter from be-
fore the doorway. Kalido, withdrawn into
himself, seemed not to notice at first.
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	21

Then he roused himself, saw what occurred.

  “Dangos!” he exclaimed in a low, yet
stinging voice. “Ki-Gor will' harm no one.
He squats motionless by his mate, not even
thinking of you.”

  Their king’s words quieted them, but
the natives continued to give the hut a
wide berth. Through the long hours of
the day, no one approached Ki-Gor, but
still he did not show himself, did not so
much as speak a word. Then as the eve-
ning deepened, Kalido parted the matting
over the door, called softly to the White
Lord. He hesitated awkwardly when there
was no answer, then retreated.

  O’gaahni, waiting nearby, as he had
throughout the day, glanced with troubled
eyes at Kalido.

  “It is bad he should sit so,” he mut-
tered. “First, Tembu George, and now,
Helene. It is too much for him.”

  Moonlight silvered the thatched hut be-
fore O’gaahni rose from his post. A long
while he stood thinking before he went in to
Ki-Gor. He spoke then as an old friend, his
harsh voice soft with emotion, speaking as a
father to a son who has been injured
deeply.

  But O’gaahni’s words were as nothing.
The giant dimly outlined in the darkness,
neither saw nor heard the Masai. Except
for the faint sound of his breathing, the
great figure could have been a graven
image. O’gaahni turned away at last, be-
wildered and a little frightened, leaving
Ki-Gor alone.

  The Masai warrior went with slow steps
to the central campfire. As he arrived
there, voices sounded at the gate, and
when the barriers swung open, a group of
men trotted wearily into the firelight.
After hearing the death drum tell of
Helene, N’Geeso had led his men, despite
their fears of the devil-crowded night,
along the dim trails to the village.

  There was no banter on the little man’s
tongue this time. His face was a tight, hard
mask as he curbed his emotions, squatted
beside O’gaahni to hear the tragic story
in detail. When he heard Ki-Gor’s reac-
tion, he shook his head. Better than
anyone else, he understood the White
Lord.

  “It will do no good to try again to-
night,” N’Geeso said. “In the morning, I
will go in and talk to him.”

PREPARATION for the ceremonies
were completed in the village the next
morning before the pygmy chieftain went
to talk with Ki-Gor. Representatives of
other tribes arrived and soon absorbed
the uneasiness of the Wasuli as they waited
to see whether N’Geeso could approach the
White Lord. The pygmy was a long time
in the hut, his low voice barely audible
outside the walls. But as Ki-Gor’s oldest
and most trusted friend he succeeded where
the others had failed.

  Ki-Gor followed N’Geeso from the hut.
The White Lord’s face was gaunt with
fatigue and sorrow. There was a queer,
blank look in his eyes. He stared straight
before him, evidencing no recognition of
anyone. Though death is commonplace in
the jungle, Ki-Gor somehow had never
considered the possibility of Helene’s death,
and the shock of its coming so soon after
Tembu George’s loss struck him with fear-
ful impact.

  In his stunned state, the white giant
stood silently by N’Geeso, allowed the
Wasuli to begin the ceremonies without
voicing a word. The whole thing seemed
a dream to Ki-Gor. It was something
unreal, a dimly grasped event without
meaning or significance.

  Ki-Gor walked beside his friend as the
procession wound through the village,
down the path in the forest to the river
bank. He moved like an automaton, awk-
wardly taking his place in one of the lead
canoes. He stared unseeingly at the dec-
orated boat which held his mate. N’Geeso,
his small shoulders bowed under the rapid
events of the past few days, sat quietly
beside him.

  At this moment, a suppressed murmur
ran along the bank. Men made quick,
grabbing motions, tried to corner an agile
little form that darted determinedly toward
Helene’s boat. Boko, the red-haired girl’s
pet monkey, had followed the procession
through the trees and now was racing to
reach the still form of his mistress. A
group of men barred him from the boat,
but the quick-witted monkey did an about-
face, sped to Ki-Gor’s boat. With a leap,
he reached Ki-Gor’s shoulder, grimaced at
his pursuers, and was away again racing
like a tight-rope walker over the guide
line which led to Helene’s canoe.

  Ki-Gor blinked his eyes, and watching
22	JUNGLE

the monkey, he frowned. He turned like
a man roused from deep sleep to look at
N’Geeso. His frown deepened, and he
started to stand up. But as the pygmy’s
hand touched his arm, the White Lord
settled back.

  “It’s her pet,” N’Geeso told the Wasuli.
“Leave him alone.”

  For the second time in three days, the
boats slid through the heavy, black water.
The frown remained on Ki-G'or’s face. His
glance did not once leave the canoe which
glided smoothly, gracefully in the lead.
Then as the river banks grew blackened
and dead, the white mist began to shimmer
and curl in the distance. The canoes moved
faster, drove toward the beckoning mist.

  Ki-Gor tensed as the gleaming knives
slashed the guide lines. The canoes slowed,
all but the one flower-covered craft which
sped straight into the whiteness and was
gone. No sound broke the oppressive
silence until at Kalido’s signal, paddles
struck the water with soft splashes, turned
the canoes, sent them gliding upstream.

  The blackened, moss-hung trees fell
behind. The yellow, mottled, struggling
vines and underbrush gave way to healthy
green foliage. Now for the first time
Ki-Gor’s glance lifted, turned from the
river to the tree-lined banks. He watched
the branches press close overhead as the
canoe swept along the shore. Then, with
a smooth, quick movement which took the
entire party by surprise, the White Lord
rose, grasped a low-hanging branch and
swung out of the boat. He was gone with
hardly a sound, melting into the jungle.

  N’Geeso stared after his friend, his eyes
troubled, but he did not try to call him
back. He understood. Ki-Gor was react-
ing to his trouble not like a native, but
an animal of the jungle. Unlike the aver-
age man, he wanted not sympathy and
companionship, but only solitude in which
to heal his wounds alone.

WHEN he first left the canoe, Ki-Gor
threw himself through the trees with
dizzy speed, trying, through physical exer-
tion, to numb himself to the growing
anguish he felt. He drove himself unmerci-
fully, until at last he flung himself weary
and panting beside a small stream. He
drank the cool water greedily, realizing
for the first time in many hours how great

STORIES

was his thirst. After a brief rest, he
began to travel on foot, moving toward no
particular destination, merely keeping him-
self on the go.

  When night fell, Ki-Gor sought the shel-
ter of a tree, lay wide-eyed through the
dark hours. He hardly heard the soft
pad of night prowlers, the cough of a
lion, the myriad familiar noises that
crowded the jungle blackness. Gnawing
hunger drove him to eat in the morning,
but too listless to hunt, he only munched
a few pieces of fruit near at hand.

  That day and the next he drifted aim-
lessly through the forest. He kept ever to
himself, avoiding the occasional bands of
natives threading the trails. He was trans-
formed into a surly jungle creature fol-
lowing secret, little-traveled ways, moving
with cat-like stealth through shadowred
fastnesses. Though he sought no goal, al-
ways he kept in motion, urged on by an
inner restlessness he could not deny.

  Red-eyed and disheveled, Ki-Gor came
at last to a place that made him pause. He
sniffed the dank air, his nostrils tightening
at the heavy odor of rot and stagnant water.
Fie looked down to find he stood deep in
mud. His face puzzled, he noted his sur-
roundings - closely for the first time in
hours. Great moss-hung trees, their black-
ened trunks mottled with fungus, lay all
about him.

  And all at once he knew where he was.
Despite his effort to flee into the solitude
of the jungle, to escape the memory of this
place, his subconscious mind had guided
him back to the Swamp of Mists. He
looked down a bleak lane of trees and in
the distance saw the restless white curtain
of mist which marked the edge of the
swamp. He felt desperately alone in this
desolate, rotting waste, and realizing how
utterly lacking in life the entire area was,
an odd, nameless fear laid hold of him.

  But still he stood in the unclean wetness,
watching the mist’s shimmering movement,
feeling the painful silence thrust at his ear
drums with mounting violence. He stood
there wanting to leave, but somehow power-
less to go. He watched the swaying white-
ness until his eyes ached with strain.

  And then, suddenly, he started. A dark
form moved in the bare limbs of a tree
before him! Or wras it his imagination ?

  His muscles tensed until they were tight
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	23

with pain. He searched the leafless branches
trying to locate the thing that crept over
the wet bark. What kind of creature
would seek this barren waste? Fragments
of stories born of native superstition
flashed through his mind. He gave an
involuntary shudder. Did this furtive,
shadowy being come from the Swamp of
Mists ?

  Then he saw it again. The creature
darted into view, was gone, and then mov-
ing ever nearer, it came in sight once
more. Ki-Gor stared hard, and smiling
grimly at himself, he relaxed. It was a
monkey, a very muddy, very bedraggled
monkey.

  With the spell which had bound him now
broken, Ki-Gor turned on his heel, began
to pick his way toward dry ground. He
wanted no more of this ugly bog. Yet be-
fore he took five steps, he stopped in his
tracks. His mind was functioning normally
for the first time in days, picking up the
threads so abruptly snapped off in those
terrible hours in the Wasuli village.

  That monkey! The thought of it held
him. He pressed his hand against his
forehead, searched his mind for an answer
that lay hidden there, and abruptly memory
surged over him. The monkey was Boko,
of course! Yet how could Boko be here
when he swept into the mists in Helene’s
eattoc?—

  Ki-Gor wheeled around, and his deep
voice shattered the quiet as he called to
the monkey.

  Boko did not wait for the familiar voice
to call him twice. With shrill, relieved
cries, he raced along the branches, leaped
into Ki-Gor’s arms. He hugged the White
Lord about the neck, chattering explosively
in his delight.

  After this display of affection, Boko
made an unexpected, bewildering move.
He tore himself loose from Ki-Gor’s arms,
leaped back into the tree, raced a few
steps toward the mist. Then he stopped,
looked back at the White Lord, muttered
excitedly.

  “Come, Boko, let’s get out of this place,”
Ki-Gor said.

  But the monkey only grew more upset,
darting back to Ki-Gor, then starting
toward the swamp. Puzzled, the jungle
man watched the pet’s antics a full minute
before their significance dawned on him.

The White Lord pursued his lips in a low
whistle of surprise.

  Boko meant to lead him into the Swamp
of Mists!

KI-GOR could not fathom the little
animal’s purpose. Perhaps in leap-
ing from the canoe after it passed into the
mists, Boko had discovered something that
was a treasure in his eyes. Certainly, only
a matter of supreme importance to his
small m'ind would cause him to raise such
a disturbance.

  The swamp was distasteful to Ki-Gor,
but in reverting to normal, his dread of
the place was gone. He considered a
minute, then shrugging his shoulders in
surrender, he gave in to the pet. After
all, what difference did it make where
he went? If it would please Helene’s be-
loved Boko, then he would indulge the
creature.

  The sure-footed jungle man picked his
way cautiously over the dangerous ground,
unwilling to risk attempting to follow Boko
through the rotting trees. The branches
would hold the monkey’s slight weight, but
supporting Ki-Gor’s muscled bulk was an-
other matter. It was slow, difficult
progress, but the White Lord, growing
steadily more intrigued with Boko’s strange
antics, worked his way to the edge of the
mist.

  He hesitated at this shifting barrier,
realizing that in passing it he was breaking
a native taboo. Then, with a deep breath,
he plunged ahead, following the sound of
Boko’s voice. The fog thickened with his
every step and Ki-Gor began to wonder
how much further he could continue,
began to doubt the wisdom of humoring
the monkey’s whim. Feeling his way along
blindly, Ki-Gor’s feet struck solid ground,
no longer sank in sticky mud.

  Abruptly, the mist thinned. A few steps
further and the White Lord was free of
the clinging fog. He walked faster now,
noting that the ground continued to grow
firmer. The blackened moss-choked trees
gave way to living timber. Boko romped
ahead through the branches, turning from
time to time to make sure Ki-Gor still
followed.

  Ki-Gor abandoned the slow, tiresome
foot travel, swung into the trees and moved
forward at a faster pace. After a time he
24	JUNGLE

came to the bank of a river, and studying
its dark waters, he knew it was the same
river that flowed past the Wasuli village.
Following the bank, he watched the river
broaden, grow more sluggish.

  He was unprepared for the next scene
that greeted him. A great lake opened
before him, a vast expanse of water into
which the River of Silence emptied. A
bow-shot from where he stood was a large
island, its trees and foliage brightly green
in the sunlight. He studied the rim of
beach and his eyes narrowed with interest.
Canoe after canoe was drawn up on the
beach.

  He wondered at this secret of the Swamp
of Mists for so many canoes were clear evi-
dence that many natives lived on the island.
Then after the first surprise of his dis-
covery was past, he noted the craft more
slowly. More than half of the canoes
were decaying and broken. Half frown-
ing, he glanced up and down the beach
on which he stood, and was startled to
find countless more of the native boats
extending as far as the eye could see.

  And now he understood. He had mo-
mentarily forgotten the purpose of this
place. It was the graveyard of the Wasuli.
These rotting canoes were eerie tomb-
stones revealing the numberless natives
who had floated down the silent river to
their final rest. He glanced at the muddy
lake waters, struck with the thought of
how many craft must rest in the murky
depths.

  He found his eyes searching suddenly
for a canoe still bright with decorations
and he recoiled, realizing what he was
doing, not wanting in his heart to find
this particular one. He called softly to
Boko, meaning to leave the lake, turn back
to the land of living.

  But against his will, he glanced once
more at the island. He tensed and dropped
to one knee behind a concealing bush.
Across the water, two men strolled into
view on the canoe-littered beach.

  One man was white, an immaculately
dressed, distinguished looking fellow. The
other wTas a squat, thick-bodied black.
Ki-Gor watched the odd pair stroll out of
sight down the beach. Then the White
Lord squatted in hiding a long time, watch-
ing for the appearance of other men. But
there was no other sign of life. He debated

STORIES

briefly with himself, then decided he could
never rest if he left without learning the
reason for the white man’s presence in the
Swamp of Mists.

KI-GOR rose and moved swiftly along
the bank, his keen eyes flicking over
the canoes lined along the way. The
Wasuli make their craft well, so it was not
long before he found one that would safely
carry him. He noted the paddles remained
in the boat, but all weapons, gifts and
trinkets had disappeared.

  The White Lord was armed only with
a knife, but he anticipated no trouble.
After all, the advantage of surprise would
be his. Boko huddled in the bow as the
jungle man sent the canoe skimming as
fast as he dared, considering the degree
of its seaworthiness. His skillful paddle
bit the water without sound.

  With one final thrust, he sent the canoe
skidding through the shallow water to beach
quietly in the soft mud. He picked up
Boko, waded to dry ground and, releasing
the monkey, set out to follow the pair
he had seen from the mainland. He ran
with the swift, gliding step of a person
born to the jungle trails, his keen eyes
keeping him easily on the track. He had
no special plan in mind, meaning only
to confront the two, ask them bluntly how
they came to be in the Swamp and - what
they did there. This fdrbidden land was
a strange place for a well-dressed white
man, and stranger still for a native.

  Ki-Gor heard the low sound of voices
conversing in the Wasuli tongue. One
voice was that of the white man, and
listening, the White Lord marveled at
the ease and fluency with which the fel-
low handled the awkward language. The
men had turned and were now walking
back toward him. The White Lord put
Boko down, and stopping, waited in plain
view for the odd pair. They came along
soon, strolling unhurriedly, the native pay-
ing close attention- to his master’s words.

  The black was the first to sense Ki-Gor’s
presence. He looked up startled, his eyes
widening when he saw the tanned giant
motionless in the path. He recoiled, jab-
bering a warning to his companion. The
white man looked up now, but except for
a faint arching of his eyebrows, he betrayed
no emotion.
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	25

  “Ho! I come without wreapons,” Ki-
Gor declared, announcing his peaceful
intentions through the traditional native
greeting.

  The smile formed slowly, almost delib-
erately, on the white man’s face. He
walked forward, extending his hand.

  “You gave us a start here, friend,” he
said. “Visitors, as you can. gather, are
rather a rare thing in these parts.”

  Ki-Gor shook hands awkwardly, remem-
bering not to grip his hand too hard in
this unfamiliar greeting. He was aware,
though apparently his full attention was
focused on the white man, that the native
watched him with hostile eyes.

  “I’m sorry,” Ki-Gor said. “I saw you
walking along the beach and wondered
what you did on this island. This land is
taboo, you know. It might go hard with
you if the Wasuli learned you entered
the land of their dead.”

  With Ki - Gor’s words, the man’s
strangely piercing gaze grew more intense.

  “The Wasuli will not learn I’m here,”
he said crisply, “unless you tell them. I
trust that will not happen.”

  Ki - Gor sensed a threat in the quick
answer.

  He did not seek trouble, but if this
pair wanted it, it was a matter of in-
difference to him. He shifted his weight
slightly, stood perfectly balanced to counter
any hostile move.

  “I asked why you were here,” he said,
“and I expect an answer.” This time his
voice rang coldly. “White men do not
trample the beliefs and laws of the natives
in this territory.”

  The white man sensed the abrupt shift in
Ki-Gor’s attitude. His glance flicked
over the jungle man’s superbly muscled
body. Then he smiled, spread his arms in
a sweeping gesture.

  “Don’t misunderstand me,” he said.
“I’m glad to tell you—rather show you—
why I am here. You will see I have a good
reason to be here. I’m not entirely an
intruder. This has been my home for
many years.”

  He broke off his conversation a moment
to address the squat, muscular black who
fidgeted restless beside him.

  “Stop scowling, Malu! This man is our
friend.”

  Malu nodded obediently, threw a thin

smile at Ki-Gor, but the obvious suspicion
did not leave his ugly face.

  “I’m a doctor—Doctor Ralph Devere,”
the man resumed. “It so happens this place
is ideal for my important studies. But
instead of trying to tell you, come to my
laboratory and let me show you my experi-
ments.”

KI - GOR thawed under the doctor’s
flow of words. The man was so open
about his work, so anxious to explain it that
the White Lord felt perhaps he had been
too abrupt. After all, he considered, he,
too, was an intruder in the Swamp of
Mists.

  “I am Ki-Gor,” the White Lord said
simply as they began to walk along the
path. “Hardly a hand of suns ago my mate
was floated dowm the River of Silence.
I could not stay long in such a place of
sadness.”

  Mentioning Helene, Ki - Gor was re-
minded of her pet. He stopped, looked
around for Boko. The monkey had dis-
appeared, which was strange, for ordinarily
he took a keen delight in inspecting new
people. After repeated calls, Boko came
reluctantly from his hiding place behind
a bush. He made a wide circle around Dr.
Devere and the native, darted nervously
up to Ki-Gor.

  Malu’s hard eyes studied the bedraggled
little monkey as intently as though it were
the first one of its kind he had ever seen.
Under the black’s gaze, the pet began
to tremble and leaped into the security
of Ki-Gor’s arms. The White Lord was
puzzled by this behavior, because neither
Devere nor the native had seen the monkey
before, so there was no discernible reason
for the creature to be afraid.

  “So you ar Ki-Gor,” declared Devere,
ignoring Boko’s presence. “No wonder
you came to investigate us. I’ve heard of
your trouble with renegade whites wTho
drift in here to victimize the natives. But
I’m truly sorry to hear about your wife.
Even in this remote place, I have heard
tales of her beauty and goodness.”

  “It was the Fever of the Black Water,”
explained Ki-Gor painfully. “You are a
doctor. Why don’t you try to find a cure
for this Fever. It seems to infect only
the Wasuli region.”

  The doctor turned his piercing eyes on
26	JUNGLE

Ki-Gor, hesitated before he spoke. For
the first time, the White Lord noted that
the impact of those black, unblinking eyes
was like a physical blow. Devere’s tone
was low-pitched as though he confided a
secret for the first time.

  “I can cure the Fever!” He leaned close
to the White Lord. “Don’t you see, the
Fever is one of the main reasons I am
here. It is the basis of my studies. In
learning to control it, I have opened the
door to even greater findings.”

  There was a real fervor in Devere’s voice,
almost an awe at the miracles he foresaw
because of his successful research.

  “You will see what I am doing, and I
guarantee you will be surprised,” he con-
tinued. “In fact, you may be able to help
me. For a long time, I’ve needed someone
like you. There are some natives helping,
but they aren’t much good in this kind of
work.”

  “If you can keep others from dying of
the Fever, I will help any way I can,”
Ki-Gor told him.

  “Ah, fine!” Devere said'enthusiastically.
“If what I plan succeeds, not one single
person will ever have the Fever again.”
They walked on in silence, both sunk in
their own thoughts about the Wasuli
malady, until the doctor glanced up, de-
clared, “Well, here we are at my quarters.”

  Ki-Gor was not prepared for the sight
that greeted him. He had expected a
modest camp with one or two thatched huts
and a handful of native workers. Instead,
he saw a series of large, well-built log
buildings and many natives moved about
their tasks. The entire place was unusu-
ally neat and clean. As the}" approached
one of the buildings, Ki-Gor saw how care-
fully and solidly it was constructed. Those
massive walls would task the strength of
a bull elephant.

  Another unusual thing attracted the
White Lord’s notice. Not a single native
stopped work to stare at the stranger. If
anything, the speed with which the blacks
labored was increased by the appearance
of Devere and the White Lord. Ordinarily,
the least distraction was welcomed by na-
tives as a reason for shelving their duties.

  The doctor led the way into the building,
through a series of comfortably furnished
rooms where he apparently lived, and then
into a large, clean, white room.

STORIES

  “This is my laboratory,” he said
proudly.

  To Ki-Gor’s untutored eyes it was
merely a room filled with an unusual jum-
ble of bottles, glass tubes, and odd-looking
contraptions. He had no way of knowing
that this was an exceptionally well equipped
laboratory.

  “You see, I first learned of this Fever
of the Black Water, as the natives call it,
when I was practicing in America. My
complacent associates did not appreciate
my research,” Devere said, his lips curling
scornfully.

  “They tried to ruin me, but I fooled
them. I came here secretly and carried
on my work. And now my success is
almost complete.”

KI-GOR looked puzzled. “You mean
they fought you?”

  Devere threw back his head and laughed,
an unpleasant, humorless laugh.

  “Yes,” he said. “They fought me be-
cause they were afraid. I found that the
secret of the Fever is also the secret of
growth. I knew that if I learned the ‘why*
of the Fever, then I would know how to
speed up or retard the development of a
human or an animal. But my little world
did not understand,” he sneered. “They
said I was cruel, unbalanced and a lot of
other foolish things.”

  The man’s strange manner began to make
Ki-Gor uneasy. He understood little of
this harangue about the “outside world,”
but the doctor’s nervous intensity appeared
hardly normal to the jungle man.

  “But you can cure the Fever?” Ki-Gor
asked, interested in that one point only.

  “Yes, of course,” Devers answered im-
patiently. “I can cause it and I can cure
it. But the Fever has become the least
important part of my research.” He
pointed to the monkey Ki-Gor held. “Take
that creature, for instance. With a few
months of treatment, I can alter its looks,
size, and personality completely.”

  He paced the floor, his hands clasped
behind him, his thoughts ranging far be-
yond the confines of the room. His black
eyes sparked with his disturbing inner
drive.

  “I fear,” the doctor stated, “you don’t
realize the fascinating possibilities.” He
swung about in his pacing, faced the White
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

27

Lord triumphantly. “My findings may
well change the whole world. Then we
will see what those fools who drove me
out say.”

  While the doctor talked, Malu stood
with his arms folded over his chest, star-
ing balefully at the White Lord. Ki-Gor
almost forgot the black was present so
little did the warrior’s obvious enmity
matter to him.

  “I have experimented with many ani-
mals,” Devere told the jungle man. “Now
I’m ready to experiment with the higher
order of life—with man. But the experi-
ments are exacting and I must have only
the finest physical and mental specimens
to work with.”

  He broke off his discourse, and his eyes
flicked over the White Lord’s splendid
physique. His meaning was obvious.

  “I am interested only in curing the
Fever,” declared Ki-Gor flatly.

  The doctor laughed unpleasantly, slapped
his right hand against his thigh. At this
sound, Malu stepped forward with lightning
speed, smashed a rock-hard fist against
Ki-Gor’s temple. Staggered by the unex-
pected attack, Ki-Gor swayed, dropped the
screaming Boko to the floor. Twice more,
before the White Lord could swing to
face him, the squat warrior drove pile-
driving blows into the jungle man.

  Then Devere snatched up a length of
wood from a nearby table, stepped forward
smiling.

  He struck hard and mercilessly. Ki-Gor
crumpled to the floor.

  Devere put down the piece of wood care-
fully, stared down at the unconscious figure.

  “Well, Malu,” he said pleasantly, “fate
is with me. Despite Kalido’s bungling,
this fool came straight into my hands.”

VI

PAIN stabbed through Helene. Her
chest was an aching, throbbing hurt as
she strained to breathe. She whirled and
spun in an endless black funnel. Then
sparks showered up and a sheet of flame
seared through her body.

  Abruptly the agony was gone. Her
breath came easily. She opened her eyes
slowly, and though the room wavered in
rainbow-hued mist, she could see. After a
time, even the difficulty with her eyes was

gone, and she looked about her wonder-
ingly.

  The red-haired girl lay in a large, high-
ceilinged room. Helene tried to move,
found she was securely bound to a heavy
table. Turning her head, she saw cabinets
of equipment, test-tubes, X-ray machines,
shining medical instruments. She was be-
wildered by this strange room, at a loss to
understand how or why she was there.

  Her mind was a blank as to her past.
She could think and reason, but she could
not remember. Her bonds pressed tightly
against her arms and legs, and trying to
move to ease the numbness, she caused the
wooden table to creak.

  Out of sight behind her, a chair scraped
on the floor as someone stood up. Helene
heard slow, measured footsteps approach
her. Without a word, the man came up
beside her, studied her face closely. He
was a lean, distinguished-looking man, gray
at the temples with black, burning eyes.
He took her pulse carefully, then leaned
forward to pull back one of her eyelids,
note every detail of the eye.

  Helene watched the man’s calm, ex-
pressionless face, tried to remember who
he was. By his manner she knew he was a
doctor, but he was utterly unfamiliar. His
inspection completed, he pursed his lips,
stood watching her with a curious detached
air.

  “Please stop standing there and undo
these straps,” she said in sudden anger.
“Do you think I’m comfortable here?”

  Her words shattered his reverie. He
roused himself from his thoughts and with
a sardonic smile, began to loosen her bonds.
He place an arm under her shoulders,
helped her to sit up on the edge of the
table.

  “Excuse my thoughtlessness,” he said.
“I’m so little around ladies, I forgot my
manners.” He watched her bite her lips
with the pain of moving. “The soreness in
your muscles will pass soon,” he reassured
her.

  She got down from the table gingerly,
walked slowly about, easing the stiffness
from her limbs. The man’s eyes followed
her, running over her slim, firm body.

  “Perhaps it is a good thing you are
here, after all,” he declared suddenly.

  Helene looked at him, frowning, still
hoping her memory would flow back any
28	JUNGLE

minute and she would know what this was
all about.

  “I wondered at first,” he continued, “but
I decided to take a chance. Now I believe
I’ll be glad. Maybe it is a good idea to
have a woman around here.”

  The man’s words made little sense to
Helene, but she did not like his tone. She
walked up to him, her gaze cool and
steady.

  “I’m Dr. Ralph Devere,” he put in
quickly before she could speak. “And what
is your name?”

  Automatically, she opened her mouth to
reply. But no words came. Flushing, she
turned away.

  “So your memory is gone,” Devere said
softly. “I guessed as much.”

  “All right, then,” Helene declared angrily,
“who am I, and where am I?”

  Dr. Devere walked toward her. “You
are in the most isolated, forgotten spot in
the Congo. You are in my laboratory on
an island surround by water. And as to
who you are, that really won’t matter to
you here.”

  He reached an insinuating hand for her
waist. As his fingers touched her bare
midriff, Helene twisted away and struck
hard. Her open palm struck Devere full
in the mouth, made him curse with pain.
He drew back his fist to hit the red-haired
girl, and then he caught himself. Imme-
diately, he was calm, self-controlled again,
but his black, unblinking eyes sparked with
anger.

  “Excuse me, my dear,” he said, his lips
twisting in an ugly sneer. “I will not be
so forward again. I will wait for you to
come to me next time, and I warrant I
won’t have too long to wait.”

  He raised his voice in a shout, “Malu!
Malu!” The barrel-chested black came
into the room at a run at his master’s call.
Scarcely glancing at Helene, the white man
strode from the room, ordering the native
to bring the girl along.

  Helene was shoved roughly down a long
hall, out into the bright sunlight and then
into another building. From the outside,
the building had looked much the same as
the one that housed Devere’s laboratory,
but inside it was drastically different.
Helene saw that it was a strange and ter-
rible jail. She was led slowly down a
long corridor and made to stop and peer

STORIES

into each of the strongly barred cells. The

creatures in those cells were monsters
from a nightmare.

  The sight and stench of them made
her head reel, her stomach tighten with
nausea.

IN the first cell, a gigantic creature smoth-
ered in gross rolls of fat, lay gasping
on the floor. Gnarled, twisted legs too
weak to hold up the vast weight, pawed
aimlessly at the wooden floor from time to
time, ever renewing a vain attempt to rise.
The hair had long since fallen from the
creature’s skin and its body was covered
with livid red patches.

  “What—what is it?” asked Helene, sick-
ened by the unbelievable sight.

  Devere glanced at her, smiled.

  “Why, this, my dear, was once an ordi-
nary wild boar. But under my capable
care, you can see how beautifully he has
developed. I admit, of course, the job
could be improved on, but we all have to
learn.”

  In the next compartment, a creature with
a great, swollen belly hobbled awkwardly
about. Its overlong arms trailed the floor,
dragging like limp, useless appendages. Its
huge, sightless eyes bulged from its head,
and saliva ran in constant driblets from
its gaping mouth.

  “That was one of my pet monkeys/’" ex-
plained Devere, hurrying Helene on to the
next cell as though he were displaying
priceless thoroughbreds. “And here is a
splendid specimen.”

  In a far corner of the cell, a black figure
squatted. Helene could vaguely make out
its monstrous legs, but could see little more
in the shadows.

  “Up, up! you stupid dango, so we can
admire you,” the white man yelled.

  A hoarse pitiful moan sounded from the
dark corner. The dark mass of flesh quiv-
ered, and then straining and whimpering,
the tremendous bulk fought to its feet. It
stood swaying back and forth, having diffi-
culty retaining its balance. Its head was a
swollen, bulbous thing without a single
clear feature except for two tiny red eyes.
Every part of the body was distorted,
elephantine in size, yet clearly this dreadful
embodiment once had been a human being.

  “That-—why this is a man,” Helene
gasped. “What on earth is this horrible
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	29

place? What terrible thing are you doing
here ?”

  The doctor savored the horror which
permeated the girl. He watched her shud-
der, tear her gaze from the cell.

  “It is plain, isn’t it,” he said. “I am
making a few improvements on Nature! I
am learning to create men or beasts in the
image I desire. I can make them grow to
whatever size or shape I want.”

  Helene drew away from Devere. “It is
unbelievable anyone could do this to any
creature, let alone a fellow man.”

  Devere laughed mockingly at the sick-
ened girl.

  “A world-shaking discovery such as
mine is not made easily, my dear. Nat-
urally, I can’t expect perfection in the
beginning. But each experiment brings
me closer to my~goal. You are letting the
childish emotion of pity blind you to the
true, worth of what you are seeing.”

  He looked from Helene to the grotesque
example of his handiwork inside the cell.
From the expression on his face it was
difficult to tell whether he was gloating or
admiring.

   “If this sight upsets you,” he continued,
his voice a thin, grating rasp, “you should
have been here in the beginning. We really
had some unusual sights then, didn’t we,
Malu ?”

  The black’s mouth sheared in what was
meant to be a grin. He nodded his head
in quick agreement, remembering with
pleasure the distorted bodies which had
filled the cell block.

  “I believe the spadework is done now,”
Devere declared proudly. I am ready to
create a race of supermen, a race of giants.
Then we will see what those scientific
nincompoops in the United States and
Europe will say—after it is too late for
whatever they might try to say or do to
matter.”

A STRANGE elation at the thought of
what he would do seized the white
man. He turned briskly, strode down the
corridor. He made Helene stop at each
cell while he gave a full explanation con-
cerning the unfortunate being under inspec-
tion. Helene, by now was too sickened by
the horrors of the place to see clearly the
parade of moaning, pain-wracked mon-
strosities, but Devere continued to dr&g

her along, his words tumbling out in an
increasingly excited outpouring.

   Though she tried to close her ears to the
man’s words, Helene could not escape his
meaning. He foresaw himself as leader of
a race of obedient giants, tremendous men
anxious to do his least bidding, ready to
wreak vengeance on a world he thought
was arrayed against him. Though his
twisted mind had mastered the secret of
making flesh, bone and muscle grow far
beyond its normal limits, she gathered from
his explanation, the unnatural process
drained all semblance of mentality from
his grotesque subjects, left them great
moronic hulks of flesh.

  Then the sound and stench of the cell
block was behind her and Helene drew
gulps of fresh air into her lungs. But
the ordeal her captor planned was only
beginning. Fie led her to the next building,
and thinking she was to be shown more
awful sights, the red-haired girl threw all
her strength into an attempt to jerk loose
from Malu.

  She fought silently, desperately. She
pitted speed and agility against the black’s
strength. The slim, gold-skinned girl
twisted, bit, and kicked, hoping by the sud-
den violence of her attack to slip free. But
all the power in her lithe body was as
nothing against the native’s steel muscles.
He cuffed her roughly, twisted her back
until it seemed her spine would crack, and
then sliding a sweaty arm under her, he
picked her up, flung her over his shoulder.

  “The whip would quiet her,” Malu
eagerly suggested, standing with the girl
held helplessly.

   “There are better ways to do these things,
Malu,” his master said with satisfaction.
“A few hours in the common cell with my
beginners and she will beg for the shelter
of my protecting arms.”

  He laughed coarsely at the sadistic plan
he' was employing to break Helene’s spirit,
anticipating the sight of her begging him
to take her from the cell at any cost.

  For once, Malu did not show unqualified
approval of his master’s ideas. The black’s
arm tightened around the girl’s bare thighs.
Clearly, he considered her too fair a prize
to throw to the doctor’s newest prisoners.
Devere knew the thought in Malu’s mind,
but instead of being irritated, the native’s
disgruntled manner tickled him.
30	JUNGLE

  “You know the effect my first few in-
jections have on those men,” he said
blandly. “Come now, carry her inside and
let’s watch the dangos fight for her.”

  Malu hesitated a moment, but only for
a moment. He, too, was deathly afraid
of this lean, cruel white man and dared not
oppose his will. He walked forward when
at Devere’s call two natives inside the
building threw open the door.

  The interior of this structure was greatly
different from the other one Helene -had
been taken through. Instead of building
rows of individual cells, Devere had con-
structed four walls and a roof over a deep,
rectangular pit. The prisoners were placed
together in this pit for their initial series
of injections. Later, those who survived
the terror of the early treatment and were
judged worthy of continued study were
removed to another building and placed in
individual cells.

  A walk around the four sides of the pit
allowed the guards to look down on their
charges, watch their every move. The
only way to get in or out of the pit was
by using a ladder which the guards lowered
from their vantage point. About twenty-
five prisoners milled about on the earth
floor. Some of them charged back and
forth frenziedly, while others staggered
around with the difficulty of drunken men.
They screamed and fought, smashed
blindly against each other and against the
walls. Occasionally, one would drop to
the floor jerking convulsively, only to climb
to his feet again as soon as the fit passed.

  It was apparent that. Devere’s growth
drug wrought drastic changes in their ner-
vous systems and physical structures from
the time of the first injection. The
prisoners were like caged beasts driven
mad by mistreatment and confinement.
Though they had not yet been under treat-
ment long enough to lose the look of men,
the restraints and disciplines by which men
live had shattered under the mental and
bodily changes induced by Devere’s drug.

  At the doctor’s command, guards has-
tened to drop the ladder into the pit. The
scrape of the ladder striking the prison
floor brought instant silence. The prisoners
stopped their pacing, turned their faces up
to watch the guards above them. The
lowering of the ladder ordinarily meant
more hated injections for the tormented

STORIES

men. The apprehensive faces watched
without understanding as Malu put Helene
down the ladder, forced her to start climb-
ing down by stamping his foot on her
fingers.

HELENE halted halfway down, glanced
at the natives waiting below. A
chill ran through her at the sight of those
strange, tense men who had not yet
realized she was a prisoner also. She
looked up into Devere’s sneering counte-
nance, knew he expected her to cringe and
beg him not to make her enter the pit. See-
ing his complete lack of normal feeling,
the madness in his glittering, inhuman eyes,
she felt a depth of hate and contempt burst
over her that she never had known before.

  Then calmly, deliberately she made her
choice. The strange void in her memory
kept her from knowing who she was or
how she came to be in this place of hell,
but it did not in the least affect the cour-
age and self-control which Ki-Gor many
times had admired. Helene went bravely
into the pit, and as she climbed down the
last few rungs she saw the shocked sur-
prise which flashed over Devere’s face.
He was pained at this unexpected turn in a
game which he thought he had planned so
well. He wanted only to bluff the girl,
frighten her into cringing obedience, and
now the little fool betrayed him by choos-
ing to face the prisoners instead of going
on her knees to him.

  His chagrin showed plainly. Then his
face darkened in anger and clenching his
fists he sprang to the edge of the pit. He
glared at Helene, his mouth working spas-
modically as he fought to speak. Then
remembering that Malu and the guards
were watching him closely, he brought
himself under control, turned on his heels
and strode from the building.

  Helene smiled a thin, fleeting smile at
her triumph, but in the next moment as
her feet struck the damp earth, she took
a deep breath, turned grimly to meet what-
ever fate awaited her. She stood tautly,
determined to boldly face these abnormal
beings. Her eyes swept slowly, narrowly
over the scattered prisoners, trying to
judge them, weigh their attitude.

  They were all big men, larger than aver-
age as though they had been carefully
selected for their fate. They were broad
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

31

shouldered, deep chested men, with the
muscled arms and backs of warriors. About
half of the prisoners showed already* the
ravages of the growth drug, their features
thickening, their once perfectly propor-
tioned bodies beginning to lose their sym-
metry. For these, time ran out quickly.
Soon they would be lumbering, mountain-
ous hulks locked away in individual cells.

  These who showed the effects of De-
vere’s injectons in their physical changes
were slower and duller than their fellows.
The newer prisoners were more frenzied,
the shock of the powerful drug blasting
their personalities, whipping them into a
delirium of meaningless action. These men
had not entirely lost their ability to grasp
events around them, but they no longer
reasoned clearly. They were like drowning
men, floundering and fighting in a last
meaningless burst of strength to save them-
selves.

  Helene was undecided whether to walk
toward the men or stand where she was.
Behind her she heard the ladder pulled
up by the guards. As though the ladder’s
removal was signal, a babble of sound went
up from the prisoners. They began to walk
toward her, converging from all sides.

HELENE fought off a feeling of panic
as the strange, unsmiling blacks
closed about her. She managed a calm,
friendly expression, but she dared not
trust her voice to speak. There was some-
thing about these tortured beings that
frightened her, made her flesh crawl.

  The men stood watching her, devouring
her with their eyes. No one spoke or
made the least frendly gesture. Then one
native, larger than the others, shouldered
his way to the front.

  “This woman is mine,” he cried, his
voice a hoarse, ugly snarl. “She is mine
and I will kill the one who touches her.”

  He moved in front of Helene, facing the
others, his great arms held ready for the
man who dared challenge him. Helene
looked at the tense group, and she knew
then that these prisoners were reduced to
jungle beasts, battered by the growth drug
from men to savage, ruthless creatures.
There was a ripple of movement as the
group stirred and grumbled at the big fel-
low’s unexpected action.

   With a savage growl, a prisoner launched

himself from the crowd, drove at Helene’s
self-appointed master. The powerful black
was ready for the onslaught. He smashed
his fists against the smaller man like clubs,
and as his assailant stumbled, he lowered
his head, butted with pile-driving power.
The smaller prisoner grunted explosively as
he fell beneath the shock, then screamed as
he was picked up, flung bodily over the
crowd.

  The big man whirled back to his post
before Helene, stood with his shoulders
hunched forward, ready to meet any other
attacker. Helene, upset as siie was, could
not help noticing the swift sureness with
which the man moved. His balance was as
perfect as that of a normal man.

  She watched him slash into another chal-
lenger, pound him with lightning blows,
fell him with a rock-hard right hand that
exploded with sudden and terrible accuracy
against an exposed jaw. The man fought
with a murderous intensity. Though his
opponents were brutal, powerful fighters,
they attacked wildly, without plan or
method. Too, the drug had destroyed their
coordination, made their movements jerky,
uncertain. Apparently, the injections had
failed to harm this ebony giant’s nervous
system.

  The merciless battling of this man
stirred Helene’s memory. There was some-
thing familiar about his method of fighting,
but looking at his massive figure, she could
not remember ever having seen him before.
His body was cut and scratched and he
had an ugly scalp wound, but in his ter-
rible anger, these wounds suffered in some
previous conflict were forgotten. He
crouched, facing his fellow prisoners, his
flaming eyes alert for the least hostile
move. He meant this woman to be his,
and clearly, any who thought to oppose
him must be prepared to battle to the death.

  Helene’s face was drawn and white as
she saw the opposition to the big man
waver and fade. There was no escape for
her. She was trapped, knowing full well
no help would come from the guards.
Strangely, the will to live flamed even
higher in these lost men than in normal
persons, and thus, they fell back before
the grim deadliness of the big fellow. He
alone of the entire group was willing to
fight to the end for this pale-skinned
woman, and his dreadful ferocity chilled
32	JUNGLE

their ardor for combat. Muttering, they
split off singly and in small groups, drifted
away.

   Helene stood alone with her captor. He
had not turned his face to the girl since
that first moment when he thrust his way
forward to lay claim to her. Now that the
others were gone, she waited tensely. She
saw the tight-strung muscles in his back
relax, heard him draw a great breath into
his lungs as though he sighed with relief.
Slowly, he wheeled about.

   Her eyes, hostile and hate - filled, her
small hands clenched into fists, Helene
watched him like a cornered animal. And
then a curious thing happened. He gave
her a friendly, reassuring smile, and when
he spoke, his voice was soft and reassuring.

   “I didn’t know how it would go at first,”
he said, “but luck was with us and I
bluffed them off.” With sudden concern,
he added, “But how on earth did you get
here ?”

   Abruptly, he stopped talking. He looked
at her curiously, a frown creasing his fore-
head. Then realizing what was wrong, he
gave a low exclamation at his stupidity.

  “I’m a fool, Helene. Why, of course,
you don’t know me,” he said self-accusingly.
“I was the same way the first day, but your
memory will come back soon. It must be
from some drug they gave us in the Wasuli
village.”

   He paused, rubbed his chin thoughtfully.
Helene’s eyes never left him, yet they were
puzzled now instead of hostile.

  “You weren’t in the Wasuli village,
though,” he said suddenly.

   Helene cut him off. Recognition dawned
in her face. The word “Wasuli” pierced
the dark curtain which obscured her mind.

  “Tembu George!” she exclaimed. “Thank
heavens, it is you.” She struggled to re-
member more. “I was in the village. Ki-
Gor and I came when he heard you were
dying.” Her eyes widened as she realized
what she said. “But it can’t be!”

I Tembu George’s expression grew grim.
“I wasn’t badly hurt. Somehow one of
Devere’s monsters got away from here,”
he explained. “I saw it, tried to kill it,
but it charged me, knocked me senseless.
My men carried me to the Wasuli village
and when I came to, only Kalido was with
me. I made the mistake of telling him
what I had seen.”

STORIES

TEMBU GEORGE’S jaw set hard as
he recalled the Wasuli king’s treachery.
The Masai were an honorable people, and
one thing they never forgot or forgave was
underhanded trickery by a pretended friend.
Helene knew the fate in store for Kalido
if ever he fell into the Masai chieftain’s
hands.

  “Kalido lost no time in pressing a sweet
tasting drink on me,” Tembu George con-
tinued. “That’s the last I remember until
I woke up with that Devere standing over
me. Those two are working togtther,
with Kalido selecting the victims for the
doctor. They were afraid of what might
happen if I told people about the monster.”
Helene’s mind was clearing now. As
she listened to the Masai leader, she traced
back over the happenings in the Wasuli
village. One revealing incident stood out
clearly.

  “Of course, you’re right,” she said. “I
see it all now. Kalido was trying to drug
Ki-Gor. That night at the mourning feast,
I drank from Ki-Gor’s water gourd. He
didn’t touch it.”

  At mention of the White Lord of the
Jungle, Tembu George’s eyes gleamed. Ki-
Gor was free. The black man was suddenly
filled with hope.

  “Devere hasn’t given me an injection
yet,” he said thankfully. “Ki-Gor will
find us, I know. Maybe he will find us
before we get like those others.”

  Helene bit her lips and said nothing.
Let Tembu Geoorge hope if he liked. For
once, she looked for no help from her mate.
Ki-G'or would follow her to the ends of
the earth if he suspected she were alive,
but he would accept her death, just as she
and Ki-Gor had accepted Tembu George’s
death, without the least suspicion anything
was wrong. Devere’s plan was as perfect
as could be devised. No one would every
suspect that the Fever of the Black Water
was only a man-made malady, a drug which
gave its victims every appearance of death.

  Helene looked across the pit to the pitiful
group of prisoners. How soon would it
be before Tembu George was one of those
maddened, abnormal creatures? How soon
until she herself was a grotesque, swollen
being more animal than human? A feel-
ing of utter hopelessness swept over her,
and she pressed her hand hard against her
eyes to shut out the sight.
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	33

VII

DIM, gray light filled the room. It
was a small room with one tiny win-
dow high up on the wall. Ki-Gor blinked
his eyes, slowly became aware of the ache
in his head. He stared at the unfamiliar
surroundings, wondering at first how he
came there.

  Then remembering Devere, he climbed
to his feet. It 'came to him with a rush
now. Thinking of Malu and the doctor,
his face grew flint-hard. A cold fury pos-
sessed him. They had caught him off
guard once, but the next time.

  He padded about the room, trying the
door, testing the timbers in the walls. His
tremendous strength was of no avail against
the log..walls or the locked door. He was
securely held, but this fact caused him no
concern. In the past few days, the White
Lord had suffered much, so much that he
was past giving a great deal of importance
to his own safety. With both Tembu
George and Helene gone, the taste of life
was no longer too good.

  Ki-Gor thought now not so much of
escape as revenge. All the hurt he had
suffered centered on Devere and Malu. He
meant to pay them back no matter what the
cost. They had made their mistake, he
felt, in leaving his hands and feet free.
Sooner or later someone would come to get
him, and then his opportunity to even the
score also would come.

  The White Lord sat down on the dirt
floor. An hour went by, and then another,
and he hardly moved. He waited with the
patience of the jungle, apparently calm and
relaxed, yet alert to the smallest sound.
And the anger in him grew.

  Then footsteps shuffled along the hall,
halted at his room. The door creaked
open and Devere stood there, a sardonic
smile on his lean face. Ki-Gor knew there
were others outside, but he could not see
them.

  “Ah! You were waiting for me,” the
doctor said. “You will learn I always think
of my guests. I never forget them. Espe-
cially, a guest as valued as you.”

  Ki-Gor remained sitting in the middle
of the small room. He regarded Devere
without expression, calmly awaiting the
moment when the doctor approached him.

3—Jungle Stories—Spring

  “I have some good news for you,” Devere
continued in his mocking tone of false
cheer. “Tembu George and your wife are
both alive, and so far quite well. They
are right here, I might add.”

  Ki-Gor neither moved nor spoke. In-
deed, the man must take him for a fool.
Had he not seen both Helene and Tembu
George lying in death. It was a poor kind
of joke even to use to torture a person.

  “So you do not believe me,” said the
doctor reproachfully. “Kalido did provide
an impressive ceremony for each of them,
but the Wasuli king and I are old hands
at this game. We give the customers
their money’s worth.”

  Devere laughed uproarously.

  “They didn’t die. They didn’t even have
any kind of illness. This Fever of the
Black Water you talk about is merely a
drug which I make and which Kalido gives
to people I want to work on.”

  Interest sparked in Ki-Gor’s gray eyes.
He could not conceal it. Could this strange
man be speaking the truth?

  “I have learned, you see,” continued
Devere, “not only to speed up bodily
growth, but to arrest it. The drug causes
a state of suspended animation which lasts
long enough for a person to be sent down
the river to me.”

  Devere watched hope rise in Ki-G’or.
He was enjoying himself immensely. It
was a rare pleasure to toy with this arro-
gant jungle man. And to think, Kalido,
brazen as he was, had trembled with fear
when he suggested drugging the White
Lord.

  “It’s an amusing fact,” the doctor added,
“but I didn’t plan on receiving your wife.
I was after you. Kalido bungled so that
she got the drug intended for you, and
of course, he had to carry the ceremony
out.”

- Devere’s words did not take immediate
effect on the White Lord. Ki-Gor could
not easily conceive of a scheme so utterly
inhuman. A plot so vile and base almost
surpassed his understanding. But staring
into the infinitely evil eyes of the doctor,
he knew Devere spoke the truth.

  His anger exploded with sudden vio-
lence, tore away the control with which
he had so carefully held himself in. Ki-
Gor’s lips curled back.over his white teeth
and from his throat came a chilling, animal
34	JUNGLE

snarl. He came to his feet in a quick, cat-
like leap, drove for Devere with all the
blinding speed in his great body.

BUT Devere had planned well. He was
not caught off guard by the jungle
man’s attack. The doctor pivoted on one
foot, and crying, “Slam the door,” slid into
the safety of the hallway. The heavy door
crashed into place and the bar fell an in-
stant before Ki-Gor struck it. Devere’s
laugh rang out at his complete success in
goading the White Lord beyond endur-
ance.

  At the hateful sound of the man’s laugh-
ter, Ki-Gor went berserk. He plunged
against- the door, the shattering drive of
his steel muscles catapulting him forward
time and again. The door shuddered and
creaked under the shock of the giant white
man’s power. It was unbelievable a hu-
man could exert such force, and seeing
the brute power of the man, even Devere
fell to silence. A trickle of fear ran over
the guards standing in the hall. Armed
though they were, they had no desire to
meet this raging jungle man.

  The moment of uneasiness passed. Mus-
cle and bone, no matter how strong the
will that controlled it, was no match for
the heavy timbers. Ki-Gor could not break
out. He stood away from the door, pant-
ing with his exertions, his eyes narrow
with frustrated anger.

  He was trapped, helpless, and the knowl-
edge knifed through the red mist of his
hate, stabbed with agonizing pain into his
consciousness. And as he stood there,
beads of sweat gathering on his forehead,
he was wracked with the thought that Hel-
ene, too, suffered in the power of this
madman.

  Devere squinted through the narrow grill
in the door. He spoke over his shoulder
to Malu: “Now bring Nyga!”

  The black grunted with surprise at the
order, then sped away eagerly. An ex-
cited murmur rose from the guards. They
had not anticipated this treat. Shortly,
Ki-Gor heard the heavy sound of foot-
steps in the hall, wondered what new plan
of torture the doctor had now conceived.

  The door to the cell opened wide and
a great bulk stood there completely filling
the frame. It was a huge, dull-eyed black
man, with tremendous sloping shoulders

STORIES

and long gorilla-like arms. Ki-Gor looked
at the monster figure and into his mind
flashed the picture of the strange creature
he had hunted with N’Geeso. The other
had been a true gorilla, whereas this one
was a native. Both misshapen beings, Ki-
Gor realized, were Devere’s handiwork.
The doctor did not lie when he said he
could control growth.

  “Bring him out, Nyga, but don’t kill
him,” commanded Devere. Then speak-
ing to Ki-Gor, he said, “It’s time for your
first treatment Nyga likes to help me
with my patients. Maybe before long you
will be a fine, obedient fellow just like
him.”

  Nyga’s grossness revolted Ki-Gor. This
moronic mountain of muscle was obviously
one of Devere’s more successful experi-
ments, an elephantine jailor he used to beat
his prisoners into subjection. This, then,
was the kind of creature into which the
doctor'planned to transform him.

  “Go on, Nyga. Get him!” urged Malu,
anxious to see the White Lord brought
to his knees.

  The huge black spread his arms slowly,
bringing them out wide from his body.
His face registered no emotion, no feel-
ing. He leaned slightly forward, hunching
his shoulders, tilting his oddly shaped head
so that his chin sank in folds of fat and
muscle. Then, with ponderous steps, he
advanced on Ki-Gor.

  The White Lord waited, hands at his
sides, while the gigantic black moved cau-
tiously toward him. It was clear what the
native meant to do. His plan was to scoop
the white man into his arms, smother the
strength from him, carry him away as his
master ordered. And to the consternation
of the watching guards, Ki-Gor did not
cringe or curse or even move. To all ap-
pearances, he was going to submit without
a struggle.

  Devere watched the spectable, and his
lips thinned in a sneer. So the vaunted
White Lord, just as with other men, knew
when he was beaten. Yet the thought was
hardly in the doctor’s mind, when Ki-Gor
acted.

A BOLT of lightning was no more dif-
ficult to follow than the jungle man’s
movement. He whirled under the black’s
outstretched arms at the moment Nyga
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	35

thought to seize him. He drove with all
his might into the native’s vast belly, sank
his shoulder deep in the bulging fat. The
colossus grunted in pain, heaved backward
a half step. As Nyga raised his hands to
drive them down on Ki-Gor’s head, the
lithe white man slid to the right, smashed
with the lower edge of his open hand twice
against the monster’s side.

  Then Nyga, spurred to greater speed
by the pain of Ki-Gor’s blows, caught the
jungle man with a sweeping blow of his
forearm. The White Lord careened against
the wall, flung aside like a weightless leaf.
He knew a straight blow from Nyga’s
hands would shatter his skull or crush his
chest with ease. The huge Negro’s only
vulnerable point was his slowness.

  Ki-Gor crouched, the gray blaze of his
eyes never leaving his adversary. Then
he threw himself forward again, his body
straining as he gained terrific momentum
in a bare three steps. He lunged in a low
dive full against the side of Nyga’s right
leg. He struck at the knee, attempting to
cripple the black by ripping the tendons,
shattering the socket.

  The White Lord was successful—too
successful. Nyga gave a hoarse scream
as Ki-Gor’s more than two hundred pounds
of brawn blasted against his knee. The
giant staggered, and too clumsy to regain
his balance, he toppled in a heap. The
monster fell headlong on top of the jungle
man, his crushing weight striking like a
collapsing roof.

  Ki-Gor’s breath went out of him with
a rush. He lay dazed by the shock, pinned
helplessly under the massive black body.
Nyga, angered at this first prisoner to
ever dare attack him, grunted with hurt,
rolled slowly to his hands and knees. He
reached roughly for the White Lord, got
ponderously to his feet, and jerking his
victim up with him, raised him high over-
head.

  Devere saw that Nyga meant to dash
the jungle man against the wall. He
planned no such sudden end for the White
Lord. The doctor sped forward, small
beside the brute he had molded.

  “Down! Put him down!” he screamed.
“Hurt him and I will have you lashed to
an ant hill, you stupid pig.”

  Nyga came to his senses under the lash
of words. Strangely, he trembled before

the doctor’s wrath, meekly lowered Ki-
Gor. He stood like a whipped child,
nervous and fearful, his dim mind groping
to discover the wrong he had done. This
jungle man had hurt him and then when
he tried to hurt him back, Devere grew
angry. It was confusing, but Nyga re-
selved to even this score with Ki-Gor the
first time the doctor was not around. With
the doctor’s abuse, hate for Ki-Gor was
born in the giant, yet now at Devere’s
bidding he carried the White Lord out of
the cell and down the corridor as carefully
as his clumsy hands permitted.

KI-GOR was not unconscious when Nyga
took him into the laboratory, but he
was still stunned. In any case, the remorse-
less grip in which he was held made resis-
tance impossible. As Nyga placed him on
the table, Malu and the doctor quickly
buckled heavy leather straps across his
arms, legs, and chest to bind him firmly.

  Devere brusquely waved Malu and Nyga
out of the room. He studied the White
Lord, busied himself with a number of
preliminary tests. He was wholly ab-
sorbed in his work for a time, seeming to
forget that Ki-Gor’s cold eyes never left
him. He paused occasionally to jot down
notes in a small book. When he was fin-
ished, the absorbed look left his face, the
professional air changed back to the mock-
ing, taunting manner Ki-Gor already knew.

“Well, everything is as I hoped,” he
said, leaning against the table. “You’re
a splendid subject. Exactly what I needed.”
He cocked his head to the side, rubbed
his chin thoughtfully.

  “You are the first white man I’ve
treated,” Devere confided. “That’s quite
an honor. Frankly, I put a lot of faith in
you. These blacks Kalido sends me go
to pieces too quickly. I believe you’ll
stand up a lot longer.”

   He reflected on his words, watching to
see Ki-Gor’s reaction. When no comment
was forthcoming from the White Lord, he
tried again.

  “Uh, between us, from the physical
standpoint, my experiments have been suc-
cessful. Take Nyga, for instance. He’s
not a bad job. But I’ve had trouble with
the mental side. The injections seem to
destroy the mind, no matter what I try.”
Devere straightened up, rubbed his
36	JUNGLE

hands together. From his leisurely man-
ner, he was obviously enjoying himself. It
was pleasant to have one of his own kind
to toy with.

  “Oh, well, I’ll whip it one of these days,”
he continued. “If not with you, then with
the next, maybe. In science, you must
expect mistakes and failures before you
finally work out your problems.”

  Ki-Gor lay perfectly still, his face ex-
pressionless. He meant to give this insane
man none of the satisfaction of seeing him
cringe or beg. But knowing that Helene
lived and was in this madman’s grasp, Ki-
Gor’s mind was a ferment of desperation.
He could not, he must not let Devere start
him on the road to death.

  He must escape. And yet, though his
thoughts raced to find some solution, Ki-
Gor knew there was none.

THE White Lord had faced danger and
death many times, and always there
had been some choice he could make. Al-
ways there had been a chance, however
slim, he could take. This time he could
do nothing. He was utterly powerless.
No possible avenue of escape was open
to him.

 Devere walked away from him now.
Ki-Gor watched the doctor go to a basin,
carefully wash his hands. He saw him
open a cabinet, take out a glass object
fitted with a long needle. It was the first
hypodermic needle Ki-Gor had ever seen,
but he guessed its purpose.

  Devere inspected the needle closely,
frowned. Something about it did not
please him. From a large bottle of distilled
water, he filled a small container. Then
he filled the needle to test it.

  “This cursed climate ruins everything,”
he suddenly sputtered.

  Angrily, he put the water-filled needle
down on a small work table, went back to
the cabinet and took out another hypo-
dermic. The new one functioned to suit
him, so he picked up a small black bottle
sealed with wax, opened it, filled the hy-
podermic from it with a clear liquid.

  Ki-Gor felt his throat muscles constrict
as the doctor walked toward him. For the
Wrhite Lord, this was the end of hope.
He watched Devere’s deliberately slow
steps, and though he felt his brain must
burst with tension, he gritted his teeth,

STORIES

held himself in such iron control he showed
no single trace of emotion.

  When Devere was almost at the table,
voices sounded in the hall outside the lab-
oratory.

  One voice was especially loud and ex-
cited. The doctor stopped, listened in-
tently. Then a smile crept over his face.
He regarded the hypodermic needle, then
put it down carefully, on the table beside
Ki-Gor, turned and strode from the room.

  This unexpected reprieve took the White
Lord by surprise. Seconds passed before
he collected himself. He took a deep
breath, drew up every ounce of his strength
in a mighty effort to snap the leather bonds
that held him. The great muscles of his
arms writhed and twisted, then set hard
as he tried to jerk free. Blood swept into
his face and veins stood out on his fore-
head with the strain. He twisted and
turned until his body ached with the agony
of his effort.

  But the bonds held. Devere had built
this table for hysterical, fear-crazed pa-
tients, and he had done his job well. Ki-
Gor, with all his unleashed jungle power,
knew he could never break free.

  In the blackness of this knowledge, the
White Lord sank back on the table. He
lay still and tense, listening for the sound
that would tell him of Devere’s return.
His keen ears picked up and magnified the
least sound as he waited.

  Then, abruptly, he caught his breath.
What was that sound? It came again,
more distinctly now. There was no mis-
taking it. It was a monkey’s nervous, dis-
turbed chatter.

  Ki-Gor raised his head as far as pos-
sible, and down at the end of the room
he saw Helene’s pet monkey move from
behind a stack of boxes. In the confusion
the day before when Malu and Devere
attacked Ki-Gor, the monkey fled behind
the boxes, and forgotten, the frightened
little creature remained there.

  Because of his fear of Devere, Boko
stayed in hiding as long as the doctor was
in the room with Ki-Gor. Now that he
knew Helene was a prisoner, the White
Lord understood Boko’s fear of the doc-
tor. Apparently, the man and his ser-
vant, Malu, had mistreated the monkey
when they first captured Helene. Ki-Gor
had an idea they had tossed Boko from
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	37

the canoe when Helene first arrived, trying
to drown him.

THE pet scrambled down the boxes,
hurried to Ki-Gor. He peered hap-
pily into the White Lord’s face, chattered
with delight.. Boko snuggled against his
master, and obviously reassured, was quiet
for a time. But monkey-like, he soon be-
came restless, began to prowl around the
table.

  The gleaming hypodermic needle lying
where Devere had left it on the table be-
side Ki-Gor caught Boko’s eye. He in-
spected the shining object, gingerly picked
it/up. Then, as though sensing the strange
trinket was connected with the hated doc-
tor, he hastily put it down, retreated a
step. Curiosity soon got the best of him,
and reaching out again, Boko retrieved the
object.

  Ki-Gor’s eyes were on the monkey, but
he hardly noted what the pet did. The
White Lord’s mind was turned inward,
his thoughts racing back to the clearing by
Silver River, to the peaceful, joy-filled days
with Helene that he would know no more.
He saw his flame-haired mate running to
greet him when he returned from the hunt.
He saw her full lips pout as he teased
her. He heard her soft, warm voice as
she called his name. All the countless
small things of their life together pressed
in upon him in torturing clearness. He
even remembered her pleased expression
the morning he brought her Boko, a. fright-
ened little waif whose mother had fallen
prey to a leopard.

 Ki-Gor’s thoughts were abruptly
wrenched from the past. He was staring
at Boko. The monkey turned the gleam-
ing hypodermic back and forth in his hand.

  Helene’s pet was his one slim hope of
escape! In thinking of Helene, he thought
also of the stratagem which might yet out-
wit Devere. How many times had he
watched Boko retrieve small objects at
Helen’s command? If the monkey W'ould
obey his orders, there was still time per-
haps to escape the fate the madman planned
for him.

  The White Lord twisted his head, stared
across the room to the small table where
Devere had discarded the faulty hypoder-
mic. It looked no different from the needle
Boko held so far as Ki-Gor could see.

Some tiny evidence of rust, some minor
defect caused Devere to cast it aside. The
doctor might never notice a switch of the
needles.

  “Go, Boko, go!” Ki-Gor hissed, jerking
his head in the direction of the table.

  The pet stopped playing, glanced at Ki-
Gor in surprise. He cocked his head,
studied the jungle man curiously. The
words were the same ones his mistress
used when they romped with sticks, but
he had never heard the White Lord use
them before. His button-eyes brightened
•as he decided Ki-Gor really meant he
wanted to play.

  Boko leaped from the table, scampered
across the floor. He stopped from time
to time to look back, see whether Ki-Gor
meant him to go further. In his excite-
ment, the monkey held tightly to the deadly
hypodermic. Only once did he start to
put it down, and then Ki-Gor, his voice
suddenly anxious, urged the pet to keep
moving, and in obeying, Boko retained his
hold on the needle.

  W’hen the monkey reached the small
table on which lay the hypodermic filled
with harmless water, Ki-Gor called, “Up!
Up!” Boko hesitated, bewildered by Ki-
Gor’s inability to give him any hand sig-
nals, any hints as to where he wanted him
to go. Twice more the White Lord urged
the monkey to climb the table, but the
creature became ever more confused.

  Ki-Gor saw his last chance for life slip-
ping away. He bit his lips, casting des-
perately for a way to get Boko to do what
he wanted. And then of his own accord,
Boko did what Ki-Gor desired. The ex-
cited monkey, with a quick leap, bounded
on the table top. Before the pet could
move on, Ki-Gor acted.

  “Pick it up,” he ordered.

  Boko twisted his head to look at the
White Lord, and reassured he was playing
the game all right, glanced about him. The
gleam of the second hypodermic caught
his attention. He reached for it with the
same hand that held the deadly needle.
The monkey hesitated a brief moment, but
long enough for Ki-Gor’s heart to skip a
beat, then swiftly the little creature put
down the needle he held, snatched up the
other.

  Boko held the water-filled hypodermic
up triumphantly, whirled about, leaped to
38	JUNGLE

the floor, came racing to the White Lord.
He chattered happily, anticipating the
praise he would receive. The monkey
bounded up beside Ki-Gor, laid his find
proudly on the stable.

  Before Ki - Gor could say a word, the
monkey stiffened. Ki-Gor tensed, too.
Devere’s crisp, cold voice sounded outside
the room.- He was returning, and with
him came a native, a black who laughed
with delight at the doctor’s words. Ki-
Gor listened and knew that Kalido had
come to gloat.

  The frightened monkey scampered into
hiding at the end of the laboratory as the
two men entered the door. The Wasuli
king, moving with conscious arrogance,
strode completely around the helpless
White Lord, his lips twisted in an ugly
smirk. Devere watched appreciatively.

  “So? Is this the lion of the jungle all
men fear?” asked Kalido tauntingly. “Is
this the great Ki-Gor?”

  The Wasuli turned to Devere, pointed
a scornful finger at the White Lord.

  “It will be good to see him change into
a blubbering, obedient elephant. I will
come often to see the blankness creep into
his eyes, the rolls of stinking fat gather
on his body.”

ANGER boiled through Ki-Gor’s veins,
churning in burning waves through
his brain. Seeing Kalido unmasked, he real-
ized for the first time the terrible hatred
the Wasuli ruler had concealed. This man
had allied himself with Devere to gain
power and in his climb he had stopped at
nothing. But Ki-Gor held himself in suc-
cessfully, determined not to give Kalido
the satisfaction of seeing his darts strike
home.

  “I was preparing to give him his first
shot,” Devere said, picking up the hypo-
dermic.

  Ki-Gor’s mouth grew dry with tension
as he waited to see whether the doctor
would notice the shift of needles. Engaged
in talking, Devere hardly glanced at his
hand. Kalido asked how the drug would
affect the jungle man.

  “The shock will put him to sleep imme-
diately. He will look like he is dying for
about two days, then he will wake up.”

  Devere paused thoughtfully, studied Ka-
lido closely.

STORIES

  “By the way, you came early this trip.

Is anything wrong?”

  Kalido did not reply immediately. His
face sobered. Devere had guessed he had
some problem that worried him.

   “All goes well,” he said slowly, “except
that I worry about that skulking little
dango, N’Geeso. Ordinarily, he would not
spend the night in my village, but now he
continues to stay on.”

   Devere shrugged his shoulders.

  “Bah,” he said. “Pygmies are always
hungry. He’s merely making the most of
the opportunity to eat and drink.”

  Kalido frowned. “You don’t know these
small ones. They smell out every secret.

I	don’t like it with N’Geeso nosing after
me, sitting about the village watching, al-
ways watching. I want you to let me send
him down the River of Silence.”

  The doctor shook his head against this
suggestion. It was too soon to risk having
another prominent warrior fall sick.

  “Leave him alone,” Devere ordered. “He
can’t know anything. He can’t learn any-
thing. You are foolish to fear a dumb,
childish pygmy.”

  And Ki-Gor, listening to the conversa-
tion, smiled inwardly. If N’Geeso, who
heartily despised the Wasuli, was still
hanging around the village, then he did, in-
deed, have his suspicions aroused. The
information gave the White Lord a great
satisfaction. N’Geeso would never rest
until he found what he sought, and some
day, though the White Lord might not be
alive to see it, the trail would lead to Kalido
and Devere.

  But Ki-Gor put N’Geeso from his mind
for the time being. Devere stopped talk-
ing, caught the flesh of Ki-Gor’s right arm
with his fingers, held the hypodermic needle
poised.

  Ki-Gor knew the critical moment was
at hand. Craftily, he played the part ex-
pected of him. He lunged against the
leather bonds, fought desperately to tear
loose. His jaw was set and grim, his eyes
flaming with hate. And Devere, with
mocking detachment, jabbed the needle
home, stood calmly waiting for the re-
action.

  The White Lord fought on for a time,
long enough for Devere to put the needle
aside still without more than a glance.
Then the jungle man fell back on the
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	39

table, lay limp and motionless. His eyes
closed. He was to all intents unconscious.
His breathing slowed and his mouth gaped
open.

  “He’s a valuable specimen,” said the
doctor at last, his words breaking the quiet.
“Exceptionaly strong. The average man
goes out much more quickly.”

  Kalido glared at the unmoving White
Lord. He would never feel easy until
the jungle man was a moronic giant stum-
bling obediently to carry out Devere’s
orders.

  “We’ll see how strong he is when you
put him in the pit with the others,” said
the Wasuli vengefully. “A few of those
crazy ones will handle him.”

  “Ah, but he isn’t going to the pit,” re-
torted the doctor. “I’m taking no chances
with Ki-Gor. He will stay in a special
cell and Nyga will watch him. I’m tak-
ing no chances on my prize getting hurt or
escaping.”

  He watched Kalido’s face fall, and smil-
ing, he turned and strode to the door.
“Nyga,” he called. The huge man-beast
came with heavy footsteps, lumbering into
the room, shifting uneasily on his great
legs as Devere untied Ki-Gor.

VIII

THOUGH his eyes were closed, Ki-
Gor followed every move made in the
room through his keen sense of smell and
hearing. He knew when Devere walked
toward him that he would be free of his
bonds in another minute. Mentally, he
debated the course he should take. His
every instinct urged him to leap on the
doctor, batter the crazed, inhuman man to
a pulp. Every heritage of the jungle told
him to rip his tormentor to pieces.

  But he controlled himself. His personal
meeting with Devere must wait yet a while.
He must think first of Helene and Tembu
George, and in order to save them, he
needed more of a chance to escape than
at present presented itself.

  After all, Nyga with his resistless
strength blocked the door. Nearby stood
Kalido, a long Wasuli knife sheathed at
his waist, a blade he would be only too
eager to bring into play. Ki-Gor had no
fear of them, but he realized they might
cut off his escape, delay him until help

came. If he failed, there would be no
second chance.

  So Ki-Gor lay limp, unresisting, when
Devere had Nyga picked him and carry
him from the room. With his unerring
sense of direction, the White Lord guessed
in advance he was being taken back to the
same cell. He heard the door creak open,
showed no reaction as Nyga clumsily
carried him into the room, dumped him
unceremoniously on the cold floor. When
the door slammed shut, he heard Devere
order the hulking brute to stay there and
stand guard. Then Devere’s footsteps re-
ceded into the distance.

  Ki-Gor remained quiet a long while.
His return to this room was something he
had not counted on. His spirits sank. His
predicament was almost as bad as before.
He would never be able to break out of
this cell, and eventually Devere would guess
his deception.

  Then a strange fact 'broke on his con-
sciousness. It was a thing a civilized man
would never have noticed, for it had to
do with Nyga’s heavy scent. Emotions
of fear and anger cause a subtle shift in
the scent of a man or an animal, and Ki-
Gor became aware that the huge black
was boiling with fury.

  The White Lord opened his eyes to tiny
slits, and looking at the small panel in the
door, he saw Nyga’s enraged face. He
realized with a start that he was the ob-
ject of the brute’s hate. Nyga had not
forgotten his battle with Ki-Gor in this
room, and now with his feared master out
of sight, he lusted for an opportunity to
deal with the white man who had dared to
hurt him.

  An idea took form in Ki-Gor’s mind.
He had tried once to smash the door and
had failed. The barrier was too formid-
able for his muscles to shatter. But the
irresistible power of the behemoth who
glared at him could make kindling of those
timbers. If he could tantalize Nyga into
breaking into the room, he might be able
to elude the unwieldy black and break
free. It must be done quickly, though,
before the noise brought Devere and his
followers.

  Ki-Gor sprang up, dashed forward snar-
ling, smashed his hand into Nyga’s dull
features. Taken completely offguard, the
giant grunted with pain. He blinked his
40	JUNGLE

eyes, slow to grasp the fact that the hated
white man had come alive, was actually
seeking trouble. Then he bellowed with
rage.

  Nyga stood back from the door. His
loose mouth twitched, began to dribbe sa-
liva. His eyes rolled wildly. Completely
forgotten was Devere, gone any fear of
the penalty the doctor would assess if Ki-
Gor were injured. Nyga was obsessed
with the desire to kill. He had suffered
at this pygmy’s hands before, and now this
upstart dared challenge him again.

  Nyga pulled awkwardly at the door.
Devere had locked it, in addition to drop-
ping the large crossbar. The maddened
brute wasted no time trying to puzzle a
means to open it. He backed away, took
a huge step forward, threw all his immense
weight against the barrier. It crackled
and sagged. Nyga growled at the ob-
stacle, wheeled back, lunged again.

  The door blasted from its hinges, ripped
apart under the monster’s charge. And
Nyga, propelled by the ferocity of his
own attack, half-stumbled, half-fell into
the cell as broken wood clattered against
the walls and floor. He bellowed again,
his inhuman, bloodcurdling tones reverber-
ating in the room.

  Ki-Gor crouched against the back wall,
grim and tense as the leviathan burst
through the timbers. The giant recovered
his balance, heaved up to his full height.
Nyga’s shoulder was smeared with blood
where the skin had ripped away when he
struck the door, but he gave it no notice.
His full attention was centered on the White
Lord. His inflamed eyes in their puffy
sockets were those of a crazed beast. His
great, sagging belly worked with excite-
ment.	/

  Nyga spraddled his huge legs to steady
himself. His ham-like hands were knotted
into immense clubs. He was visibly gather-
ing himself to drive at his cornered quarry,
disable him with one charge. Yet Ki-Gor
waited motionless, his arms pressed back
on the wall, his weaponless hands wide-
spread against the wood.

NARROWLY, Ki-Gor watched his
kill-crazed opponent drawing on an
instinct born of countless battles to tell
him when and how to act. Then as the
first slight shift of the giant’s shoulder told

STORIES

him Nyga was closing it, the jungle man
moved with lightning speed. With his
hand, he shoved away from the wall, gain-
ing an impetus which had him running
full speed by his second step.

  The White Lord darted toward the left
at the instant Nyga plunged forward.
He raced as though he meant to skirt past
the giant. The monster saw his intent,
shifted with immense effort the direction
of his charge, straining to reach the white
man.

  He hurled his vast bulk to pin Ki-Gor
against the side wall.

  But again the jungle man outwitted
Nyga. His perfectly coordinated body
was keyed to carry through this stratagem,
the only possible device which could take
him past the black in these crowded
quarters.

  Ki-Gor wheeled almost in full stride,
and now every atom of strength in his
steel-muscled legs flared into use. He
reversed himself, racing back toward the
wall he had just left. The unwieldy giant
tried to shift his course for the second
time, tried to follow the jungle man, but
his awkward, clumsy legs could not match
the smaller man’s maneuver.

  That brief interval in which Nyga was
off balance, unable to wheel to block him,
was Ki-Gor’s objective. The lithe White
Lord swerved toward the right hand wall
and driving w'ith terrific speed, he shot past
the huge black, darted through the shat-
tered door into the hall. Turning the op-
posite way from the laboratory, he ran
full tilt toward the end of the hall where
he saw the gleam of sunlight.

  He stopped at the door, puzzled as to
how to find Helene and Tembu George. He
glanced outside, saw only one native close
at hand. The man’s long knife and spear
told that he was a guard. The black
stood lazily, watching something outside
Ki-Gor’s line of vision.

  The White Lord strolled boldly into the
open, moved with slow, relaxed steps
toward the guard. He gambled on his
leisurely pace exciting no suspicion, at
least not until he was close on the black.
His nerves tingled as step by step he ap-
proached the man, knowing he might turn
at any time, send the spear whipping to
cut him down. He was twelve steps from
the Wasuli when the fellow threw him a
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	41

casual glance, ten steps when the guard’s

eyes suddenly sharpened.

  Ki-Gor thought fast.

  “Where is my friend, the doctor?” he
asked.

  The guard hesitated. He knew this white
man should not be here, and yet Ki-Gor
walked with the air of an honored guest.
The White Lord lounged two steps nearer,
before the black definitely decided some-
thing was wrong.

  Ki-Gor saw the man’s stomach muscles
tighten, his spear arm start its upward
swing. Then gone was his casual air.
He could stall the black no longer. In the
space of two more breaths, the spear would
be hurtling at him. His relaxed leg mus-
cles corded and flexed, and with a leopard’s
sudden, bursting drive, he raced at the
Wasuli.

“Stop! I kill!” cried the native, jerking
his spear to shoulder height for the cast.

  But he reckoned not with the White
Lord’s incredible speed. The jungle man
catapulted at him, steel-hard fingers closed
about his throat, throttling off his final
words.

  The black tried to jab downward with
the spear, but too quickly Ki-Gor was
under the blow and against the native. The
White Lord toppled the native backward,
fell astride him as the force of the jolt
ripped the spear from the warrior’s grasp.

  Ki-Gor was a savage, merciless fighting
machine now. He was committed to win
free or die. There was no turning back,
no alternative, and knowing this he shed
the skin-deep veneer of civilization ac-
quired from Helene, fought with the ter-
rible, explosive fury of a jungle killer.

  His fingers dug into the native’s throat,
wrenched deep as though to choke the
life from him. The black’s eyes bugged
out, his dark face puffed and twisted, and
he bucked in futile, agonized desperation.
Then as Ki-Gor saw the life draining from
the man, he released his grip slightly, al-
lowed the Wasuli to gasp a breath into his
aching lungs.

“Quick, dango!” he snarled. “Where
is the white girl? Speak or you die!”

  Terror was in the native’s eyes. The
fight was gone from him. His torn throat
muscles worked spasmodically as he
strained to speak. His words were a faint,
broken whisper.

  “There,” he said, pointing feebly toward
the building which housed the pit.

  Ki-Gor lifted the native’s head a short
distance above the hard-packed ground,
then dashed it back. The Wasuli went
limp, the blow knocking him unconscious.
Ki-Gor pulled the man’s long, curved knife
from its sheath, snatched up the spear. The
Wasuli would give no alarm for a long
time.

  The White Lord started to run to the
building pointed out by the Wasuli, but
a low, murderous outburst behind him
stayed his footsteps. He whirled, saw
Nyga plow into view. Ki-Gor balanced
the heavy spear, gained the feel of the
weapon. His arm swung back, steadied
as he awaited the proper moment, then
drove forward in the lashing throw of the
dread Masai spearmen,

NO warrior in the entire Congo could
match the power, the effortless skill
of his throw. And he threw now to kill,
to bring down this mountain of flesh.
The spear cleft the air cleanly. Sunlight
gleamed once on its bright point, and then
with a jolting thud it hit its mark.

  Nyga stumbled, slowed to a walk,
stopped. A strange look twisted his dis-
torted features. He made an odd gurgling
sound and rivulets of blood started from
his gaping mouth.

  The spear stood straight out from the
center of his chest. Only half the shaft
was in view. The point had driven com-
pletely through his massive trunk, pro-
truded redly from his back. Nyga stared
down at the shaft and the strength went
out of his legs. The monstrous figure slid
to his knees.

  Ki-Gor waited no longer. Without a
backward glance, he went with long, quick
strides toward Helene’s prison. The long
knife shone in his hand. His narrowed
eyes were the eyes of a stalking lion, hyp-
notic in their searing intensity. His nostrils
flared slightly at every breath.

  This was the Ki-Gor of native legend,
this man who went forward against un-
known odds, one man unafraid against
many. This was the White Lord of the
Jungle, greatest warrior of the Congo,
whose very name struck: terror into his
enemies, aroused courage and strength in
his friends.
42	JUNGLE

  He came on silent feet to the entrance.
He listened, placing the approximate loca-
tions of the two guards who chatted in-
side the door. Then quietly he caught
hold of the door. It moved easily as he
tried it, so with a sudden tug, he tore it
open.

  Ki-Gor was across the threshold in a
leap. One startled guard looked up in
time to see the blurred sweep of the White
Lord’s blade. It was the last sight of his
life. The stroke severed his neck, sent him
careening against his fellow in a pulsing
geyser of blood.

  The second guard swept up his spear
to chop down this knife-wielding appari-
tion, but the jerking corpse of his fellow
struck him, fouled his spear. The White
Lord bounded at him before he could re-
cover. Ki-Gor’s knife burned the air like
a jagged bolt of lightning, stabbed thrice
into the man’s chest and belly.

  Ki-Gor ripped the spear from the guard
and ran forward. He glanced about him as
he ran, his mouth tightening at this fur-
ther evidence of Devere’s cruelty. He was
near the edge of the pit before the other
guards grasped the meaning of his pres-
ence, realized he had cut down the two
men at the door.

  “Aaaaiiii,” cried one. “It is Ki-Gor
come to claim his mate.” And there was
a note of terror in his voice.

   Then a harsh voice rose above the others,
a voice of authority. It was the head guard,
and his words struck the wavering blacks
with the effect of a lash.

   “Kill!” he cried. “Kill or be killed. Stop
him or no man here will see another sun.”

  They came on then, slowly at first and
then with the growing bravery of a pack.
They came racing along the narrow ledge
from their posts around the pit. There was
no time for Ki-Gor to pick out Helene’s
figure from the milling, screaming mob
below. But he knew she was there and
Tembu George with her.

  His foot caught against a rough surface.
He tripped, fell to his knees. As he fell, he
saw what caused him to stumble. It was
the ladder which the guards used to climb in
and out of the pit. Without wasting a
moment, the quick-witted jungle man
dropped his spear and knife, caught the
ladder and with a powerful tug shoved it
out and down.

STORIES

  A way of escape lay open for the prison-
ers below if only he could hold back the
guards. The Wasuli converged on him in
two groups, coming from opposite sides of
the building, five in one bunch, three in the
other.

KI-GOR snatched up his weapons,
turned to face the three men who
came from the left. His great-thewed legs
braced, his right arm went back in a short,
quick arc carrying the spear. Then with a
catapult’s driving power, he cast the long
Wasuli spear. It thrummed a death song as
it cleft the air at terrific speed.

  A running guard screamed as the shaft
lanced through his stomach. He leaned
crazily as he ran near the runway’s edge,
then slid and fell in a twisting heap. The
man directly behind him moved too fast to
stop, so he leaped high to clear the fallen
guard, but the spear Ki-Gor had thrown
reared up from the dying Wasuli’s belly.
The second native’s leg struck the shaft and
he crashed on his face, rolled once and
pitched headlong into the pit.

  Ki-Gor’s voice rose in the dread war-
cry of the Masai, the chilling, blood cry
which the fierce warriors utter when they
close with their enemies. He was hurtling
toward the one remaining native, straining
to reach him before the man loosed his
spear. The Wasuli, though, had no inten-
tion of letting Ki-Gor close with him, and
his arm cocked in mid-stride for the cast.

  Ki-Gor’s slitted eyes fastened on the
man’s spear arm, while desperation urged
him to his greatest effort. He knew he could
not reach the Wasuli in time, but still he
drove on. Certain death faced him if he
halted, and if he must die, he intended to
take the guard with him.

  And then in the rushing span of a pulse
beat, the White Lord made the one try
that could save him. Too fast for the eye
to follow, his red stained knife whipped
up. Then it sang toward the native. Ki-Gor
threw the knife with tremendous speed,
threw almost instinctively, and the whirring
blade cleft the air in its race to reach the
Wasuli before he cast his spear.

  The blade hammered into the black’s
chest even as he swung with the spear
throw, as he delivered the final thrust of
power into the shaft. Ki-Gor had struck
too late to halt the native, but the knife’s
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE

43

stabbing drive, and the searing pain it
sent flaring through the Wasuli, achieved
the jungle man’s purpose. Twisting under
Ki-Gor’s blow, the warrior bobbled his aim.
The spear was diverted enough to send it
blasting past Ki-Gor’s right shoulder.

  Ki-Gor slammed against the grey-faced
guard, gave a surging push writh his shoul-
ders and the Wasuli reeled off the edge o£
the walk, fell screaming into the pit. The
White Lord did not break his stride until
he reached the dropped weapons of the
first guard he had cut down. The man lay
on his side with Ki-Gor’s spear driven
through his stomach, his eyes glazed • in
death.

  With feline grace the White Lord picked
up the spear and knife, spun to face the
five remaining guards. His eyes were a
blaze of gray fire, his lips a thin, firm
line as he stood poised on the pit’s edge.
His bronzed body, naked but for a breech-
clout, was tight-strung as a drawn arrow
as he gauged the grim warriors, weighed
his next move.

  Far below, the milling prisoners looked
up and saw the crouching white figure. For
the first time since their imprisonment,
they saw a man face Devere’s cruel guards
without fear. And a strange thing hap-
pened to those brutalized men, to those
near-beasts with dim, fading memories of
a time when they too were free and un-
afraid.

  Silence fell over the pit. The snarls and
half-mad screams of the prisoners dropped
away as though at a signal. Every eye
fastened on the White Lord. Then one man
said the word. Another took it up. It swept
—that magic word—over the watching
mass like the crackle of flame over parched
veldt.

  “Ki-Gor! Ki-Gor! Ki-G'or!”

  Again and again they said it. And the
memories of the green jungle, of their home
kraals, of the shadowed paths where men
walked erect, grew and swelled strong and
life-like in their tortured minds.

  Louder and louder swelled the cry.
Louder until the chant rose dcafeningly.
Louder until the sound roiled like thunder.

  And high above them Ki-Gor heard the
rising surge of their'voices. He heard them
call his name over and over, and through
him flamed a strength that was more than
his own. The running guards heard the

  shattering chant and in their ears it was
magnified even more for there was a terri-
ble faith and hope and certainty in the
thunder of those voices.

SENSITIVE as a jungle creature, Ki-
Gor watched the guards, felt the invol-
untary fear which the sound loosed in them.
He saw them falter as they passed the
point where he had flung down the ladder.
The battering emotion of the prisoners dis-
tracted them, filled them with a rush of
misgivings.

  And Ki-Gor in that moment launched his
spear with blasting power at the tight pack
of guards. He threw the spear and almost
before it left his hand he was racing after
it, pounding toward the center of the
Wasuli.

  They saw him flash into action, and with
cries that went unheard in the tumult, two
men cast their spears. But the White Lord
was a twisting, turning target as he sped
toward them. Ki-Gor’s spear drove full
into a guard’s mouth, ripped through to
tear away part of the next man’s shoulder.

  Then Ki-Gor was close against the first
man, his knife whistling as he parried the
guard’s spear thrust, chopped through the
shaft with a bone-shattering blow. The
man swung with the broken shaft, but the
dancing, shifting White Lord melted be-
fore the attack, swung back and under to
slash a deep wound across the warrior’s
belly.

  Fear and pain whipped the guard to
greater effort, and despite his gashed
stomach, he swung the length of wood with
desperate quickness. The shaft caught Ki-
Gor across the chest and he staggered back
under the terrible blow. He fought to keep
his feet, but the breath was gone from his
lungs. His eyes blurred with dizzy nausea.
His legs buckled and he fell to his knees.

  The guard tried to finish the White
Lord, raised the spear shaft to strike again,
but the wash of blood from his wound
swept away his strength. He trembled in
sudden agony and collapsed. Through a
mist, Ki-Gor saw the man fall, knew the
other blacks would be on him in a second.
He reared to his feet drunkenly, held erect
through sheer will.

  The Wasuli dashed at him, their grim
faces lighting with the knowledge he was
hurt. Ki-Gor raised his long knife awk-
44	JUNGLE

  wardly, struggling to clear the dizziness
from his head, to see the men clearly. He
swayed heavily, feet braced wide apart,
knowing full well they would be on him
before his strength returned.

  Then slashing through the tumult came
a fierce, nerve-tingling war cry. It was a
voice of wrath and fury that rang above
all else. And dimly behind the guard, Ki-
Gor saw a huge black figure catapult from
the top rung of the ladder, mount the edge
of the pit. Almost in the same motion the
giant black sent his spear at the Wasuli
nearest Ki-Gor. The spear caught the man
in the back, lifted him from his feet, threw
him completely past the White Lord.

  The other Wasuli wheeled at the abrupt
emergence of this new enemy. He turned
in time to see Tembu George, greatest of
all the Masai, bound toward him. The
Wasuli gaped at this fierce apparition from
the pit, hesitated a moment too long, and
the Masai Chieftain’s knife chopped half
his skull away.

  Ki-Gor’s eyes were clearing now and he
saw Helene swing over the edge of the
pit. Then behind her in a steady stream
came the prisoners. The one Wasuli guard
remaining alive, the man wounded in the
shoulder by Ki-Gor’s spear, lay moaning
on the ground when the grotesque figures
began clambering into view. With a scream
of terror, he heaved to his feet, started to
run toward the door. A snarling mass
closed around him, bore him down, battered
him into silence.

  Tembu George started for Ki-Gor, but
hearing Helene’s glad cry, he stood aside.
The red-haired girl ran to her mate, anx-
ious as she suddenly saw the red welt
across his chest. Her arms went around
him, she pressed her face close against him.

  “Oh, Ki-Gor, I never thought I’d see
you again,” she began, then halted, “But
you’re hurt! They’ve hurt you!”

  He ran his hand over her soft hair, let
it rest on the curve of her shoulder.

  “I’m all right. They knocked the wind
from me and loosened a few bones,” he
said, laughing to reassure her.

  But his eyes were not laughing as they
flicked over her, seeking the evidence he
dreaded to find. Tembu George watched
him, knew what he sought.

  “Don’t worry about us, Ki-Gor,” the
Masai Chieftain said. “Devere didn’t touch

STORIES

  us and I was able to bluff those poor fel-
lows in the pit.”

  More and more prisoners crowded out
of the pit. They milled about excitedly,
always watching Ki-Gor.

  “We must start moving,” the White
Lord told Helene and Tembu George.
“Devere’s heard this noise and gathered
his guards by now. It won’t be easy to
get away from here.”

KI-GOR took a deep breath, shook his
shoulders loose. His tremendous
inner vitality already had restored his
strength. The blow he took dazed him, but
his rock-like chest muscles had cushioned
the shock which would have crushed an
average man. Years of extreme physical ac-
tivity paid off now in his body’s quick
return to normal.

  With a smile, Tembu George recovered
two spears from the ground, handed one
to Ki-Gor. After days of strain and horror
in the pit, the Masai Chieftain stood with
weapons in his hands, a strong friend to
fight beside him, and he was content. He
knew not how many Wasuli stood between
him and freedom, and he did not care.
Death in battle holds no fear for a Masai,
nor do warriors of the Wasuli tribe.

  “Stay close behind us, Helene,” Ki-Gor
said, pressing a knife into her hand.

  “We go!” cried Tembu George, and
there was a fierce joy in his voice.

  Walking side by side, Tembu George
and Ki-Gor forced a way through to the
door, with Helene staying close at their
heels. As they stepped outside, the mass
of prisoners boiled out after them, pushing
about them in an irregular mob. This ac-
tion saved the trio’s lives.

  A wave of Wasuli, led by Devere and
Kalido, swept toward the building. Whsn
they saw Ki-Gor and his slim mate, they
gave a cry and loosed their spears. The
mob of prisoners which rushed from the
door, screened the j ungle couple and Tembu
George.

  The spears struck with deadly effect,
wounding and killing many in the crowd.
The Wasuli shouted with triumph as they
saw the unarmed prisoners fall, and they
swept forward with their knives, sure in
the knowledge they could beat these down-
trodden brutes back into the pit.

  But Ki-Gor leaped to the fore, and
THE MONSTERS OF VOO DOO ISLE	45

with the maddened rush of bulls, the pris-
oners followed him. Their fear of the
guards was gone, replaced by a burning
desire to kill. With only their bare hands
for fighting, the strange pack drove over
their fallen comrades, raced at the Wasuli.

  The brutes struck the line of warriors,
and such was the shock of their clawing,
tearing charge that the Wasuli reeled back
before it. In sheer animal savagery they
threw themselves on the guards, motivated
by a hate born of the endless terror to
which Devere and his men had subjected
them. And though they died, they dragged
Wasuli with them into death.

  Yet flesh cannot stand against steel, and
urged on by Devere and Kalido, the Wasuli
closed their ranks and stood firm. The bat-
tle swirled and eddied, and then the thin-
ning prisoners began to fall back. The
guard’s knives were too much, and though
Ki-Gor and Tembu George cut a swath
of death about them, they too had to retreat
with the others or be surrounded-.

  Abruptly, the prisoners gave up the
unequal struggle. They broke and ran in
every direction, each one striving now to
make good his own escape. When this hap-
pened, Tembu George stopped retreating,
his manner showing he meant to fight and
die where he was.

  “There is still a chance,” Helene said,
pointing to the building close by where
Devere had forced her to view the worst
of his monsters. “Quick! Let’s go in there.”

  They reached the door, dashed inside.
Ki-Gor and Tembu George stopped in their
tracks, stared about them unbelievingly.

  “Open the doors! Let them out,” com-
manded Helene.

HURRIEDLY, the two men went down
the long corridor, raising the bars
which held shut each cell door, flinging
every door wide. They understood what
Helene planned. Some of the great beasts
were too huge and sluggish to move, but
most of them were excited by cries outside
the building and paced about their cells.
A few ventured from their cells before Ki-
Gor and Tembu George had finished open-
ing all the doors.

  Two of the beasts began to fight, then
others joined in and quickly the building
rocked under the impact of struggling
giants. Natives who had tried to follow the

trio into the building took one glance and
fled. As the monsters careened closer to
them, Tembu George opened the back door,
led the way into the open air.

  But as he stepped from the building,
he cried a warning to his companions.
Devere, Kalido and a band of Wasuli stood
waiting. Stung by the instant contempt on
Tembu George’s face, Kalido’s lips twisted
in hate and he dove at the Masai Chieftain.

  Tembu George gave half a step as he
parried the knife thrust, then with cat-like
agility he bent slightly and rocking forward,
drove his blade through Kalido’s throat.
It happened so quickly, not one of Kalido’s
men had a chance to save him.

  Ki-Gor and Helene were beside Tembu
George then, and the three stood with their
backs against the rough logs, ready for the
rush of the Wasuli, Kalido’s body lay on
the ground before them, his blood spilling
a crimson ring on the dark earth.

  “Come in, dangoes,” taunted Tembu
George, “so you may follow your sneaking
king.”

  Devere’s face was livid with rage. These
three had cost him trouble enough with
a third of his guards dead, his experiments
ruined. He swung the flat of the Wasuli
knife he held on the guards’ shoulders.

  “Get them, you cowards,” he screamed.

  His words were drowned in the rum-
bling roar of the hideous giant that plunged
from the building, stood blinking in the
sunlight. The creature twisted his bulbous
head as the scent of blood struck him. He
saw the Wasuli warriors and made for
them. The men turned and ran, and even
Devere ran back a few steps. Then as the
monster went by, Ki-Gor leaped at the
doctor before the man gathered his wits.

  Too late Devere realized he must face
the White Lord alone. His face tightened
and his mouth twitched. For a moment, it
seemed he would try to run away. Then
goaded by desperation, he threw caution
to the winds, went to meet Ki-Gor, swing-
ing his long Wasuli knife like a saber.
Twice Ki-Gor parried the doctor’s blows
without trying to attack. Then as he did
the same thing again, Tembu George
frowned. But when on the fourth clash of
the blade, Ki-Gor twisted his hand, sent
Devere’s knife singing through the air, the
Masai leader smiled appreciatively.

  “Cut him to ribbons,” Tembu George
46	JUNGLE

urged, feeling no mercy for the cruel white
man.

  Devere paled, realizing how close to
death he was. Ki-Gor’s features were
utterly expressionless as he stood holding
the razor-sharp blade an inch from the
doctor’s throat. Suddenly, Ki-Gor pitched
the knife away.

  Devere’s eyes gleamed. The fool thought
to beat him with his fists. Devere lashed
out swiftly.

  Ki-Gor shifted with lightning speed and
his open palm smashed full in the doctor’s
face. The man pitched backward, his lips
split and torn. As he jumped to his feet,
he tried to kick the jungle man in the groin.
Again he failed and again that rock-like
hand exploded in his face. Ki-Gor smashed
and battered Devere back and forth over
the blood-spattered ground until the doctor
fell flat, began to crawl whimpering.

  There was the splintering crash of wood
and another great beast heaved, wild-eyed
and bellowing, from the building. Ki-Gor
turned instantly from Devere to watch the
beast, make certain Helene was safe. De-
vere, on the other hand crawled rapidly
to where his knife had fallen.

  Ki-Gor stood with his back to the doctor.
Tembu George and Helene were stiffened
against the building, watching the giant.
Devere came painfully to his feet, started
to run at the White Lord.

DEVERE’S action caught the monster’s
attention. With another roar, the
beast charged the Only thing in its vision
that moved. It bore down on Devere with
express train speed. The giant’s huge,
clawing hands snatched up the doctor,
literally twisted him in half, tossed the
broken body fifty feet away. Then the
monster ran forward to stamp the last
remnant of the man into the earth.

  Helene gasped at the sickening sight and
even Tembu George turned away. Ki-Gor
recovered his knife lying a few feet away,
and motioning to the two, he led the way
toward the jungle. At first, it appeared
they'would go unobserved.

  But Devere’s order to capture Ki-Gor
had been strict and his precautions thor-
ough. A band of guards was thrown around
the edge of the jungle with the command
to hold their posts until the White Lord
was caught.

STORIES

   Ki-Gor was almost on top of the hiding

 men before he discovered them. They
 swarmed from ambush, and as the trio
 turned back, they came racing after them,

   “Keep going,” Ki-Gor cried to Helene
 and Tembu George, and he swung around
 to delay the Wasuli as long as he could.

  “We go only with you,” answered
 Helene, and she pivoted with Tembu
 George to stand beside her mate.

   The Wasuli came leaping from the jun-
 gle, knowing there wras no further retreat
 for their quarry. Their knives gleamed in
 the sunlight as they brandished them
 wildly. They came in a rush, each one
 eager to be in at the kill. And their voices
 rang in the cruel warcry of the Wasuli.

   Then only a few paces from the jungle,
 the running warriors began to tumble and
 fall. Their cries died gurgling in their
 throats.

   Ki-Gor stared at the strange, mystifying
 scene. Tembu George’s eyes widened, and
 his mouth dropped open. Where a minute
 before men ran triumphantly to the kill,
 only an irregular line of corpses lay.

   “Ho! A good friend comes!” The fa-
 miliar voice rang from the forest.

   Ki-Gor and Helene looked at each other
 and a smile began to play at the corner of
 their mouths. Tembu George snapped his
 mouth closed, erased all surprise from his
 face.

   A small figure stepped from behind a
 tree, strode importantly toward them.
 Behind the little man, pygmies began to
 swarm from cover. N’Geeso patted his
 blowgun, his eyes gleaming brightly.

   “So once more, Ki-Gor, we pull this
 great elephant out of trouble,” N’Geeso
 said, frowning disapprovingly at Tembu
 George. He pursed his lips, shook his
 head vigorously. “Had it not been for
 Helene, I would never have wasted my time
 trailing Kalido.”

   Tembu George, for once, made no reply
 to the little man’s good natured taunts.
 He winked at Ki-Gor. This time N’Geeso
 had earned the right to crow, and thankful
 as well as amused, Tembu George did not
 mean to spoil the little chieftain’s fun.

   Ki-Gor slipped his arm around Helene,
and smiling, they walked away, leaving
__ N’Geeso to admonish his great friend.
Death-Plague By

    _	JOHN

Os	STARR

       The Eater of Souls began by stealth. But soon the bush shook
       to the endless, chilling roar of the Gimshai’s juju-lion ... as
       it brought death—and worse than death—-to all in the jungle.

TONY WAYNE sensed a sudden	and dead things. Sweeping his gaze from

menace in the jungle air. He could	the verandah of his bungalow, his eyes

find no reason for the feeling, why	traveled over the rows of grass huts which

he should be so abruptly conscious of death	stood in the clearing. He saw nothing but

Wayne knew he had walked into a death trap,
48	JUNGIE

a few naked black children playing among
the huts, saw nothing disturbing among the
trees and thick-growing vegetation of the
almost impenetrable jungle that hemmed
the clearing.

  That was in the moment before N’glana
and his crew of workmen came filing out
of the short jungle road that led from the
gold pits.

  Wayne stiffened slightly. His rule was
that none should leave the pits during
working hours. Because of it, the black
men—save N’glana—had been resentful,
for it had been their habit to cease work
any time to hunt or loaf. Mooli, a leader
among them, had deserted camp only a few
days, before. Others whispered of similar
intentions.

  Wayne stepped from the bungalow.
Arms folded, he faced the men in the cen-
ter of the native compound.

  “Why have you left your pit?” he asked
sharply.

  Oddly, the men appeared more afraid
than resentful. Even N’glana, the tall Zulu
whose rare sense of responsibility made
him so invaluable to Wayne, was visibly
disturbed. Fear made the white of his
eyes vivid in the tight-set ebony of his
face.

  “Gimshai, the Eater of Souls, has come
into our pit,” N’glana said. “Bwana, we
are afraid he will snatch our souls, one by
one, as we work there.”

  “Foolish old woman’s talk!” replied
Wayne in disgust. “N’glana, I never
believed a brave man as thou—”

  “The smell of death is there in the pit,
Bwana— has been there for two suns,
growling stronger as time has passed. Now
we have doubts no longer.” N’glana’s nos-
trils dilated as he sniffed. “Wah, the wind
even brings a trace of the vile smell all the
way to' our kraal.”

  Wayne became aware of it finally—the
faint odor of the dead. He realized it was
this he had noted in the air a moment be-
fore, but had not recognized it. His sun-
browned face hardened; his voice became
curt.

   “Let us return to the pit,” he said.

  “Aaiiee!” A wail of fright rose from the
black workers. They huddled sullenly.
“We will not return there to lose our lives.
Gimshai hath returned to Mata-Gara

S TORIES

again, as it was said he would. We must
flee—”

  “I will return to the pit with you,
Bwana,” spoke N’glana, with simple dig-
nity.

  Wayne stared at him. He knew N’glana’s
fear was great as that of his companions,
yet the Zulu was willing to return to the
pit with him.

  “You are my friend, and let none ever
step on your shadow,” Wayne said, and
led the way out of the kraal and into the
dank, shadowy roadway that led to the
close-by gold pit. With every step the
stench became heavier, more nauseating.
N’glana drew close to the white man. It
was as if he felt Wayne could protect him
by his nearness.

THE gold pit was shallow hollow in the
jungle floor. The death-reek was in-
tense. Yet Wayne saw nothing unusual in
the diggings.

  “Wait here, N’glana,” he said at last.
“I will go down and look.”

  Nervousness tightened N’glana’s thick
lips. It seemed that he intended to stop, or
at least warn the white man against his
reckless plan. He said nothing, standing
motionless, tense, while he watched Wayne
descend.

  Wayne moved slowly, threading noise-
lessly among the shapeless boulders that
were strewn about the pit. Then abruptly
he stopped, eyes narrowing. The answer
to the vile odor was before him—the hor-
ribly-mangled corpse of a black native ly-
ing wedged behind one of the large boul-
ders.

  The jungle is not kind to the dead. The
two-day-old corpse was already in an ad-
vanced stage of putrefaction. Studying the
body a moment, he finally returned to the
pit’s rim and rejoined the apprehensive
N’glana.

  “There is no evil jungle spirit in the
pit,” he said reassuringly. “I have seen the
truth.”

  “But the stench, Bwana—”

  “Come with me and I will show you,”
Wayne told him. “There is no danger.”

  N’glana hesitated. The Zulu was puz-
zled, unsure. When he followed the white
man down into the pit at last, his fingers
were tight and ready on the handle of his
half-drawn throwing knife.
DEATH-PLAGUE

  He fell back a step, his face shocked
and bleak, as Wayne pointed out the rot-
ting corpse to him.

  “Mooli!” he cried. “It is the worker we
thought had deserted us a few suns past!”
“Walt,” nodded Wayne. “It is what re-
mains of Mooli. He was clawed and struck
by a lion, and he fell down into this pit.
His body lay hidden from your sight,
lodged behind this great stone.”

  “Clawed by a lion . . .?” N’glana’s voice
was a horrified gasp. Instinctively, he ges-
tured in tribal counter-magic. “Gimshai
and his cursed lion-monster hath returned
then after all!”

  “You speak child-chatter,” scoffed
Wayne. “Mooli’s death was an accident
frequent to this lion-country of Mata-
Gara. A man is foolish who wanders this
bush alone at night.”

  “I have heard stories, Bwana!” Fear-
filled excitement harshened N’glana’s
tones. “Gimshai has returned to bring ter-
ror upon Mata-Gara as in the past. The
Eater of Souls begins—as this—by stealth.
Yet soon this bush will shake to the endless
roaring of Gimshai’s juju-lion. It will
bring death—and yet worse than death—
on all of us!”

  “Silence, N’glana,” ordered Wayne in
a sharp voice. “I never thought you would
believe the wild stories fools tell at cooking
fires. Go now to the bungalow. Return
with your men. We must bury Mooli.”
N’glana eyed him tensely. He said no
more, but turned away to fetch the others.

  They returned with him. In a numbed
silence, they tended to the putrifying
corpse and buried it in the jungle growths
not far from the pit. And the hot, moist
breeze that had carried the stench of
death as far as the bungalow clearing, now
washed the odor away. The air became
clear of the dead. Only the familiar smells
of the jungle remained.

AYNE talked to the men then—
long and earnestly—until they saw
the wisdom of his reasoning and returned
to their labors in the gold pit. Being
clawed to death by a lion, as he had said
earlier, was not an uncommon occurrence
in Mata-Gara.

  But Wayne wasn’t entirely convinced
himself when he returned to his bungalow.

A—Jungle Stories—Spring

OF MATA-GARA	49

He had made a close examination of the
claw marks that had torn the corpse and
it was obvious Mooli had been struck
down by some tremendous beast. The claw
spread had been fully three times that of
the largest lion he had ever seen . . .

  Tony Wayne had lived most of his
thirty-five years in Africa. He had made
and lost more than one fortune in his
career of prospecting and mining in the
primitive Congo areas, and it was in a
coast town that he heard about the fabu-
lous Mata-Gara claims. He had a glimpse
of the government record regarding the
mines, and was intrigued when it was said
the mines couldn’t be worked and were up
for sale at a pittance. Someone else was
bidding on the mines, so he borrowed
money and beat out this competitor.

  “You’re sunk, Tony,” a friend told him
afterward. “Machinery can’t even be flown
into that wild region, and you’ll have to
rely on natives to dig for you. Worse, it’s
juju country. They got a very potent
brand of black magic there that’s made
other owners fail. It’ll stop you, too.”

  “We’ll see,” grinned Wayne. “I know
my jungle, Mister. If the gold’s there, I’ll
get it out . .

  It wasn’t until he got to Leopoldville on
the first leg of his journey to Mata-Gara
that he got his first concrete information
about what might be in store for him. He
ran into DuVal there. DuVal was a blocky
little Frenchman he knew from way back.

  “Sacre nom de nom!” gasped DuVal,
when he learned where Wayne was headed.
“You’re in for hell. The mines are in bad
shape. The blacks are surly. And there’s
that queer juju to fight against. Wayne,
you’d be better off if you sold those hold-
ings for whatever you can get.”

  “You seem to know a lot about it, Du-
Val”

  “I do. Davis, the last owner, hired me to
work for him. I know the kind of hell
that’s happened there.”

  Wayne stared. “What d’you mean—
hell?”

  “Juju!” hissed the Frenchman. “Na-
tives there say Gimshai, the Eater of
Souls, protects that bush from all white
men. Gimshai and his big juju lion is sup-
posed to finish off any white that comes
there. Things shaped up for Davis till the
juju lion began its infernal bellowing. It
SO	JUNGLE

licked Davis like it licked others before
him:—and like it’s going to lick you. Nom
du Diable, you should wash your hands
of those mines—and quick.”

  “But somebody’s going to come along
and beat those jungle ghosts,” said Wayne
doggedly. “I want to be sure that some-
body is me . . .”

  They did a lot of talking that night. A
lot of drinking, too. Before the evening was
over, and that was close to dawn, Wayne
had gotten DuVal’s promise to go along
with him. He offered DuVal a big share
in the mines—but only in the event the
situation was black as the little Frenchman
had painted, and that they overcame the
perils together.

  “I must have swilled too much cognac
last night,” DuVal growled to Wayne the
next morning. He had a pounding head.
Remorse, too, it seemed. “Only a fool
would return to Mata-Gara. But I stick to
my word. If I signed the agreement with
you, I’ll go through with it.”

  “I promise you no regrets,” laugbed
Wayne. “We’ll make a good team to-
gether . . .”

SO it was they set out together for the
wild jungles of Mata-Gara. They trav-
eled with one other companion—N’glana,
the Zulu, who had been highly recom-
mended to Wayne as a guide and all-
round capable bush-man. And they reached
their destination swiftly and without mis-
hap.

  The mines were located along a river,
standing ten miles apart from each other.
Number One was a hillside tunnel, while
the second mine was a series of three
shallow pits set in about the thickest jun-
gle Wayne had ever seen. His first in-
spection of the mines proved two things—
that they were in as terrible shape as Du-
Val had said, and that the mines were rich
with ore.

  “I’m putting you, DuVal, in charge of
Mine Number One,” he said. “I’ll see
what I can do at the pits.”

  Which was the beginning of a month of
hell. It would have been difficult enough
getting the mines in order with experienced
white crews. The natives that peopled the
district were lazy and sullen, knowing
little of civilized methods and customs.
But Wayne and DuVal were too much of

STORIES

jungle veterans to pamper the blacks as
Davis, the former owner, had done. They
drove the workers without mercy. And by
the end of thirty days, the mines were op-
erating somewhat efficiently, giving prom-
ise of ultimate results.

  And now Wayne had found the corpse
in the pit.

  He stood a long while on the bungalow,
puffing silently at his pipe, his eyes study-
ing the quiet native huts in the clearing
before him. Inwardly, he cursed himself
for imagining crazy thoughts about the
tremendous claw-marks he’d seen on
Mooli’s torn remains. No lion was large
enough to have a paw like that. The only
answer was that the swelling of the corpse
had distended the skin, thus enlarging what
had been normal claw-marks.

  “That’s the way it was,” he muttered to
himself. “I’m sure of it.”

  But he wasn’t sure. And with uncer-
tainty came worry. The only sensible thing,
it seemed, would be to go and talk to Du-
Val, who had been through this before.

  He took his rifle in the crook of his arm
and left his bungalow. He headed along
a crooked jungle trail, passed beneath some
moss-draped baobab trees, until he came
to the place where some half-dozen native
canoes were drawn up on the bank of the
murky-watered river. Disturbed apes
scolded him from the trees, rousing some
tiny sunbirds which flushed across the
river like flashing iridescent light.

  Tony Wayne shoved one of the canoes
into the river. He leaped into it and stroked
with the paddle, sending the light craft
swiftly down-stream.

  His was the automatic, untiring stroke
of a man accustomed to jungle travel. Dis-
tance melted away behind him, and it was
not long before he came into the lush hills
of tangled bush where Mine Number One
was located.

  It was then that death rode the air again.
One moment the gentle breeze sent the
sweet scent of maheena blooms drifting
across the river. In the next, all this fra-
grance was suddenly blotted out by the
terrible stench of putrifying dead bodies.

  The change was so unnatural and hor-
rible a chill rippled down Wayne’s spine.
He shook off his wild thoughts, slowed
his canoe, circling the river as he searched
the shores for signs of a rotting corpse.
DEATH-PLAGUE

  There was no corpse in the vicinity.

  He was convinced of it when he resumed
his course toward the mine, for the stench
did not lessen in the air. It was like an
evil pall over the jungle, and he found
himself thinking again of Gimshai, the aw-
ful native god of Death which they call
the Eater of Souls.

  Finally he paddled up to the flat river
bank where other canoes were beached,
leaped out and pulled his craft up beside
them. Then he set out along the well-trod-
den trail that led to the hillside where the
mine was located.

A small native village stood at the base
of the low hill. Reaching there, he
was sickened by the stench of death in the
air. Horror and fear hung over the settle-
ment. Black men walked the kraal ner-
vously, their labors in the mine forgotten.
Fear had tightened their faces, and they
held their clenched hands close to their
spears.

  DuVal came out to meet Wayne. The
face of the blocky little Frenchman was as
grim and tight-set as the features of his
ebony workmen.

  ‘Well?” said Wayne.

  “Nom du Diable!” cried DuVal. “It has
come like a sudden thunderbolt. Yester-
day, all was serene and happy. Now
twenty-five men lay sick to death of some
queer fever that has struck at us overnight.
And that is not the worst. Gimshai—”

  “We can’t believe native mumbo-jum-
bo!” gritted Wayne. “There is some logi-
cal explanation for all that is happening.
Someone is—-”

  DuVal held up his hand. “Wait, Wayne.
I want you to see something else first
before you argue the point. Come with
me and I’ll show you.”

  Wayne eyed him a long minute, then
wordlessly began following the little
Frenchman. Silent natives stepped out of
the way as DuVal walked from the kraal,
following a narrow overgrown trail which
led off to the south. It was the trail that
led to the village water hole.

  DuVal stopped at the water hole to
point out the ghastly thing that lay
beside it. It was a twisted corpse of a
black man who had obviously been mauled
by a lion. And for a nerve - crawling
moment, Wayne stared at the horribly

OF MATA-GARA	51

torn body. Claw-marks were plain on the
corpse—claw-marks larger than any ordi-
nary lion would make.

  “If you still have doubt, examine this,”
DuVal said in a thick tone. He stooped
down and pointed at the marks in the
boggy earth alongside the water hole.

  Wayne’s blood turned to ice in his veins
as he studied the marks. They were the
tracks of a gigantic lion—one that must
have been the size of a water buffalo.

  “Now do you disbelieve?” DuVal asked
him. “Now do you see why I begged you
to sell these mines ? It’s something a
white man can’t lick. Jungle magic that—”
“Jungle magic or hell itself isn’t going
to lick me!” Wayne told him in a cold
voice. His lean face was granite-hard,
challenging. “I can fight, too, and don’t
give a damn whether it’s men or devils
against me. DuVal, I intend to get these
mines going, or—”

  His voice broke off as a lion bellowed
from the nearby bush. It was a hideous
shattering din like the familiar warning cry
of the king of beasts—except that it was
a dozen times louder than any lion’s roar!

  “There it is! The roar of Gimshai’s
cursed juju lion!” shouted DuVal in a
shaking voice. “We better get out of this
Mata-Gara bush before Gimshai brings us
to our ends!”

  Wayne hardly heard the Frenchman’s
frenzied cries. A great rage swept him,
and he swung his rifle from his shoulder.
He levered a cartridge into the chamber.

 DuVal stared. “Diable, what are
you . . . ?”

  “I’m going hunting,” Wayne growled,
and grimly set off in the direction of the
roaring lion. With no thought of personal
danger he plunged into the tangled under-
growth of the jungle in search of the fear-
some beast.

  As he cautiously stalked through the
wilderness, the lion momentarily stilled its
loud roaring. He sensed that the beast
had become aware of him. But he was
wrong. The roar of the lion sounded again,
this time from a distance south of him.
Cursing, he turned in that direction.

  His one passion was to get face to face
with the awful lion and slay it. The beast,
though, seemed to elude him, its roaring
coming first on one side of him, then upon
the other. Yet Wayne kept relentlessly on
52	JUNGLE

its trail, his Winchester poised and ready
in his sweaty fingers.

  For a long while he kept on, until all
at once he noticed the lion was a dis-
tance from him, roaring way back from
the vicinity where he had started his search.
He became furious with angry frustration.
It was uncanny how a lion could shift its
position so swiftly. Lions ordinarily
didn’t—

  The realization chilled him that perhaps
the natives were right. Perhaps this lion
was not a living thing, but something con-
jured up by the dreadful Gimshai!

  .Yet he knew it was only his frenzied
anger that was making him think such
thoughts. He turned and trudged back the
distance to the mine. And as he walked,
he was taunted by the distant challenge of
the huge lion.

HE did not resume the hunt upon his re-
turn to the mine. The blacks stood in
groups, watching him in fearful silence as
he entered their kraal. DuVal was waiting
there, too, and Wayne walked grimly up
to him.

  “I couldn’t get near the lion,” he said
in a strained, quiet tone. “Now let me
examine your sick.”

  DuVal said nothing. Soberly he took
Wayne on a round of the huts, showing
him the stricken men. Two of them,
plainly, were dying. It was a vomiting
disease that afflicted them, accompanied by
fever. Wayne had seen nothing like it
before. But he said nothing about it. Nor
did he comment on the strange fact that
sickness had come with that unexplainable
stench of the dead that was in the air.

  “Treat them the best you can, DuVal.
Use what drugs you have. It’s all we can
do,” he said finally, and walked abruptly
out into the sunshine again. The roar of
the lion reverberated the bush once more,
and the black natives began wailing weird
prayers to their gods.

  Wayne hardly listened to any of this.
He was concerned over the other mine.
If things were happening here, trouble
must be brewing up-river, too. He went
at a jogging run to his canoe. He shoved
it out to the current as he leaped in, and
began paddling with swift, powerful
strokes.

  It was a relief to get- out of the foul

STORIES

odors that hung over the mine. Yet, some
time later when he drew close to the other
mine, his jaw went hard—because that
same vile, sickening death-stench was there
also.

  Worse, that horrible lion beast seemed
to have preceded him there, for the great
noise of its roaring was chilling the
bush.

  N’glana was waiting at the river bank
when Wayne pulled his canoe up. The big
Zulu stood motionless, his weapons in his
hands. Peculiarly, the fear that had so char-
acterized him earlier was absent from his
dark face.

  “I want speech with thee, Bwana,” he
said.

  “I know about what’s happening,” Wayne
snapped irritably. “You’re going to tell me
that I was wrong—that Gimshai and his
lion-beast is stalking this bushland for us.”
“I know, only that it is the will of the
gods that we fight or die. But we cannot
do battle alone. Bwana, I know of a brave
tribe that lives not a great march from
here. I can go and fetch them here to
fight beside thee.”

  Wayne turned on him skeptically. “Do
they fear Gimshai, the Eater of Souls?”
“Wah, all jungle people fear Gimshai.”
' “Then they would be useless here. They
would fear death as the others,” Wayne
said in disgust, and walked up the trail
to the clearing.

  And new rage rose within him when he
came striding into the native kraal. Black
mine workmen were assembled there. They
had deserted their labors in the pits.

  “What is the reason for this?” he de-
manded loudly as he strode among them.
“Why are you not in the pits?”

  One of them faced him sullenly and
said, “The smell of death is around us.
The juju lion walks the bush, ready to
obey Gimshai’s every command.”

  “Wah. Return to your work lest trouble
start.”

  The black man did not move. “Trouble
will start if we do. It is our plan to stay
6ut of the pits—-to avoid all white-man
work. Gimshai will not harm us then.”
Wayne’s lips tightened. His nar-
rowed eyes studied the tense, sullen
company before him. They were jungle
savages, always dangerous as they were
unpredictable.
DEATH-PLAGUE

  “I command you, return into the pits.”

  “The dead cannot command, Bwana!”
cried the black. He leaped toward Wayne,
his knife flashing from his girdle. There
was murder in his blazing, distended gaze.

  Wayne moved with fluid speed, firing
over the heads of the blacks. The rifle
thundered like ordnance in the kraal,
stopped the men in their tracks for a
moment. Wayne stood unafraid before
them, his face cold.

  “You and your numbers could over-
power me, but some of you will die with
me,” he said. “Come forward now if you
Want to die. Next time, I shoot to kill.”

  The black men stood undecided, waver-
ing.

  “Killing the bwana will bring us noth-
ing,” calmly spoke the voice of N’glana
from behind Wayne. “Nor will it aid us
to stay out of the pits. Let us return there.
I have faith in our bwana. He will prevent
our deaths. He alone can prevent our
deaths.”

  For a long minute, all stood in a grim
tableau. Then a few men began walking
toward the mine road. Others followed,
until all began trudging back toward the
gold pits.

  N’glana’s words, Wayne knew, hadn’t
brought about this obedience. Rather, it
was that the men knew Wayne would kill
some of them before he fell. Each of the
simple-minded blacks had submitted only
in the craven fear that he might be one
of them who would die with the bwana.

  Wayne breathed in relief. He turned
to the Zulu and said, “I am in your debt,
good N’glana. I will not forget what you
have done for me.”

  N’glana made no reply. Silently he
walked past the white man and headed
for the pits.

  Wayne turned to his bungalow, sat for
a long while on the verandah.- The death-
stench was an invisible fog that permeated
everything. Distantly came the roaring of
that huge lion. He kept his rifle beside him
because he sensed trouble. If it did not
come from this mysterious menace that
hovered over the mine, it would rise from
the fear-frenzied natives themselves.

  The day gradually spent itself. With the
falling of darkness, a handful of native
workers emerged from the pits road and
entered the kraal. Puzzled, Wayne went

OF MATA-GARA	53

down to the cooking fires and asked them
about the others.

  “They are not returning,” one of the
blacks said. “They have fled into the bush,
believing it offers more safety than thee,
Bwana.”

  Wayne hid his disturbed feelings behind
an emotionless face. He asked, “What of
N’glana? I do not see the Zulu among
you.”

  “He went with them,” the speaker said
over his shoulder as he and his companions
stepped toward their huts. “The Zulu lied
before when he said he trusted you.”

  Wayne stared after them, scowling.
With these few faithful workmen, he’d be
handicapped; the mine would fall to ruin
again.

  And DuVal would have similar deser-
tions at the other diggings. More men
would die horribly.

  It would mean the end to this mining
venture. Except that Tony Wayne wasn’t
a person to give in to defeat. He would
not submit until he was beaten to hands
and knees and literally trampled to death.
It was his nature.

  A full moon rose later, leering down on
Mata-Gara like a cruel, laughing god and
spreading a pale, emotionless light over
the brooding jungle-land. The huge lion
bellowed in the distance, dimming the
chorus of other lions by its nerve-chilling
vociferation. Behind this came the occa-
sional ghostly cry of leopards, the muted
shrieks of hyenas and lemurs.

  The kraal itself throbbed to the muffled,
funereal beat of tom-toms. Native women
wailed in dreadful monotones, streaking
their bodies with ashes. They chanted sing-
song entreaties to their gods for safekeep-
ing.

SO weird and fantastic was all this,
Wayne sensed a queer foreboding, the
frightening sensation that nothing was
before him except death. Desperately he
strove to thrust the insisting premonition
from his mind.

  He lay himself down on his cot inside
the bungalow—not to sleep, but to think
over all the fantastic ramifications of his
heartbreaking predicament with the hope
of finding a solution. Yet his weariness
manifested itself, and he fell sound asleep.
It was no pleasant rest. He dreamed of a
54	JUNGLE

horrible monster that pursued him, mean-
ing to devour his very soul. . . .

  With a start, he awakened. Dazed by the
horror of his dreams, he did not move for
a moment. He had slept long. The kraal
was quiet now. Even the damnable roaring
of that huge lion was stilled. The moon
had half-crossed the sky, its bright rays
painting silver squares on the floor be-
side the windows.

  Then, abruptly, he realized that he was
not alone in the room. The snuffled sound
of breathing came to him; the soft slither-
ing of naked feet moving cautiously toward
his cot. And when he rolled his eyes to
the right, he caught a glimpse of the
intruder.

  It was one of the naked blacks who had
deserted from the pits, and Wayne’s
muscles tightened when he saw the hor-
rible device the man grasped in his hands.
The war-club was huge, heavy, and its
wide, knobbed end was fitted with razor-
sharp, hooked knives. Blows with this
inhuman weapon, Wayne realized, would
simulate lion claw-marks of gigantic size.

  The black man was almost beside the
cot. He caught his snuffling breath. With
a hard, muscular stroke, he swept the huge
war-club downward.

  But Wayne had moved as fast as any
human could, rolling from the cot as the
club crashed down. The awful hooked
knives raked through the canvas of the
cot, the club catching in the cloth momen-
tarily. And Wayne was diving across the
cot before the cursing murderer could
dislodge his weapon, raining hard, flailing
fists upon the black man.

  Grunting from the blows, the native
whirled, dashed in mad, frantic flight from
the bungalow. Wayne chased after him
through the moon-bright darkness. But the
black man got beyond the clearing and
the juiigle swallowed him up.

  Wayne stood a moment at the jungle’s
edge, then went striding back to the bun-
galow to examine the fallen war-club. It
cemented into his mind the truth that this
mystery that had befallen the mines was
not supernatural, but vicious and sinister
trickery.

  Still, what reason could be behind this
hellishness? What motive could these na-
tives have that prompted them into brutally
slaying people of their own kraal?

STORIES

  An inkling of the truth crept into his
startled mind then. First he rejected the
possibility scornfully. Nevertheless, as he
reviewed the past in his mind, he saw that
he could not be wrong. And it brought
great rage upon him—-the will to bring
to an end this horrible business.

  But how to begin? What move . . . ?

  As if in answer to his very pondering,
the loud, tremendous roaring rose again
from deep in the bush. It was as though
Gimshai, the Eater of Souls, were hurling
a taunting challenge at this puny, defiant
white man.

IT was a challenge that Tony Wayne
accepted. His face hard and grim, he
hurried out of the bungalow, carrying his
rifle in the crook of his arm. He gave no
thought to the added perils one finds in
the bush at night, but plunged purposefully
into the thick tangle of the jungle.

  The challenging lion-roar kept on as
Wayne fought his way through frondiferous
undergrowth, growing louder with every
forward step. The moon-brightness gave
him good visibility in the dark-shadowed
bush. Noiseless, alert to signs on all sides
of him, he moved anxiously toward the
chilling sound of that tremendous lion-
roaring.

  He stopped at last, his lean body tight-
drawn, ready, the rifle poised in his hands.
The lion-roaring was directly in front of
him, tremendous-sounding as the din of a
cavern waterfall.

  He crept slowly forward, and less than
ten paces took him to the edge of a grassy,
moonlighted glade. A naked black man
was seated cross-legged in the center of
the glade, and Wayne recognized him as
another of his deserters. The native had
a huge war-drum fastened to the earth and
was pulling, over and over, upon the rosined
cord that was fastened to the drumhead.
The drum vibrated with awful sound, and
the earth was a soundboard that turned
the noise into a gigantic roaring.

  Tony Wayne stepped silently into the
glade and was almost beside the native
before the black man saw him. Abruptly
the black ceased pulling at the drum-cord,
and the following silence was intense, al-
most frightening by contrast.

  Wayne gestured with his rifle. “Stand
up!”
DEATH-PLAGUE

  The native eyed him, then slowly rose.
No fear stood on his black face, merely
sullen insolence.

  “What do you think you can do, Bwana?”
the native sneered.

  “I’m going to use you,” Wayne snarled
at him. “I’m going to use you to bring
DuVal’s dirty plot crashing down on his
head.”

  “You?” The native laughed mockingly.

  An angry retort leaped to Wayne’s lips,
only to wither to a horrified silence when
suddenly he caught the reason behind the
black’s taunting mockery. The inky
shadows on either side of the glade trans-
formed themselves into the shapes of men
-—naked, screaming black men who raced
out, brandishing spears and knives, their
widened eyes bright in the moonlight with
blood-lust.

  Wayne fell back a step, whipping his
rifle up to his shoulder. He knew he had
walked into a death-trap. But he did
not intend to die alone.

  Yet he fired not one shot. In the ex-
citing moment, he was unthinking that
men had stolen into the glade behind him
as well. A spear-handle struck him
brutally on the head, knocking him to his
knees. Then the spear struck a second
time, and all his awareness was abruptly
blotted out by a black, hot silence . . .

  The next moment, so it seemed, he found
himself standing erect again. With the
return of awareness, he realized he was
leaning against the slanting bole of an old
tree, his arms about the trunk, his wrists
bound together with tonga cords. Black
natives stood in a sullen circle about him,
watching. They watched, too, the blocky
little Frenchman who was regarding Wayne
coldly.

  “You’ve been a fool, Wayne,” DuVal
said. “I gave you a dozen chances to get
out from under, but you insisted on be-
ing stubborn about it.”

  Wayne eyed the blacks, all men who
had been his workers at the mines. They
were hard, ignorant savages, incapable of
such intricate machinations as had taken
place—which was why he had suspected
DuVal.

  “Seems to me, DuVal,” he said, “you
want the mines pretty bad to commit mur-
der.”

  “The mines are rightfully mine,” hissed

OF MATA-GARA	55

DuVal. “I told a prospector about the
gold here, but he cheated me out of it
when he uncovered the ore. That’s why

I	started trouble. A man’s got a right
fighting for his own property.”

<6nPHE gold’s driven you insane, you
-L mean,” grunted Wayne. “By some
means you got this group of blacks to work
with you. You capitalized on the jungle
fear of Gimshai, manufactured horror ef-
fects, having these renegade blacks kill
men of their own tribe to heighten your
effects.”

  “They killed only men they hated, and
the apparently deathly sick men you saw
at the other mines are up and around now
—the result of a harmless root poison. They
have all been paid well—for the lion-noise
and the death-stench as well. There is
little smoke when you burn dried segaini
leaves, but the stench is like rotting corpses,
so intense it spreads over the countryside.”
“All this so owner after owner of the
mines will give up. Yes, so the price of
the mines will come down to where you
can get them for a pittance.”

  DuVal growled. “I did get the price
down, but you outbid me and beat me out
of the mines. That’s why I waited for
you in Leopoldville, why I let you talk me
into accompanying you. I wanted to s<2e
personally that you did not keep the mines.
But you’ve been stubborn. W’hich was
why I sent the man over to kill you with
the claw-club. When that failed, I had the
lion-noise created. You suspected the
truth and would naturally follow the noise,
and fall into my trap.”

  “So you can murder me in cold blood!”
“No one is committing murder. Let no
man touch the bwana lest he die. Wah,
it is my warning to all.”

  Everyone whirled at the sound of this
loud, commanding voice that spoke from
behind them in the glade. Standing alone,
magnificent, was the towering black figure
of N’glana.

  “Loose the bwana,” he commanded.
“N’glana is but one man and you are
many!” cried DuVal loudly. “Strike
him down ! Kill the Zulu!”

  The Frenchman’s words broke down his
black’s hesitancy. “Bulala! Kill!” they
screamed, and flooded in a wild, furious
stream toward the tall motionless Zulu.
56	JUNGLE

 Still N’glana did not move. And as

before, the shadows of the glade became
ali\fe again, and a horde of warriors from
some other tribe closed in on every side.
Without ruth or mercy, spears and war-
clubs flashed as the tribesmen fell upon
DuVal’s murderers and slew them.

  DuVal was terror-stricken at this sud-
den, unexpected attack. He turned and
tried to flee, but was knocked down and
dragged back cringing.

  “Earlier today I overheard two of these
jackals whispering in the pit,” N’glana
said as he loosened Wayne from the tree.
“From their talk it made me believe all
the mystery was man-made mischief. That
is why I said to thee that we must get aid
from this other friendly tribe. When you
refused, I saw nothing except for me to
go for help regardless. I left at the same
time these jackals deserted your pits, and
returned to the kraal in time to see you
rush out into the bush. We followed you
here and saw what was taking place.”

 Wayne was incredulous. “Why didn’t
you tell me what you overheard in the pits ?
Why—”

 “You are a strong, mighty bwana, but
stubborn as tembu himself. I feared you
would not believe. And I wanted these
warriors behind me so I could prove the

STORIES

evil that was in progress under the guise
of magic. I believed—”

  Screaming, DuVal ripped himself from
the tribesmen who restrained him. He
raced wildly for the jungle.

  “Stop, DuVal!” Wayne shouted. “You
can’t get away!”

  And the Frenchman did not get away.
N’glana, it seemed, barely moved, so ef-
fortless did he loft the spear he was grip-
ping. The spear flashed in the moonlight,
thudded sickeningly into DuVal’s back,
impaling him.

  “It is justice, Bwana. He murdered
many men of my race,” solemnly said the
Zulu. “Come now, let us return to the
kraal with our good tidings.”

  “No man has a greater friend than thou,

O	N’glana,” said Wayne fervently. “I am
humble before thee.”

  Thus it was they set out through the
jungle for the kraal, leaving the dead be-
hind them for the assvoels. The bush was
strangely quiet, save for the drone of in-
sects, the croak of tree-frogs, and the occa-
sional challenging roar of a lion in the dis-
tance. It was a lazy peace, a serenity that
belongs to the African jungle-land when
all is well with its good people.

  The terrors of Gimshai, the Eater of
Souls, was gone from Mata-Gara.

 STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP. MANAGE-
MENT, CIRCULATION, etc., required by the Acts of
Congress of August 24, 1912, and March 3, 1933 of
Jungle Stories Magazine, published quarterly at New
York, N. Y., for October 1, 1945.

  State of New York, County of New York, ss.:

  Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and
county aforesaid, personally appeared T. T. Scott, who,
having been duly sworn according to law, deposes and
says that he is the Business Manager of the Jungle
Stories Magazine, and that the following is, to the best
of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of_ the
ownership, management (and if a daily paper, the circu-
lation), etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date
shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August
24, 1912, as amended by the Act of March 3, 1933,^ em-
bodied in section 537, Postal Laws and Regulations,
printed on the reverse of this form, to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the publisher, edi-
tor, managing editor, and business managers are: Pub-
lisher, Glen-Kel Publishing Co., Inc., 670 Fifth Avenue,
New York 19, N. Y. Editor, None; Managing Editor,
None; Business Manager, T. T. Scott, 670 Fifth Avenue,
New York 19, N. Y.

  2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corporation, its
name and address must be stated and also immediately
thereunder the names and addresses of stockholders own-
ing or holding one per cent or more of total amount of
stock. If not owned by a corporation, the names and
addresses of the individual owners must be given. If
owned by a firm, company, or other unincorporated con-
cern, its name and address, as well as those of each
individual member, must be given.) Glen-Kel Publishing
Company, Inc., 670 Fifth Avenue, New York 19, N. Y.
J. G. Scott, 670 Fifth Avenue, New York 19, N. Y.

   3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other
security holders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of
total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are:
(If there are none, so state.) None.

   4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving the
names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders,
if any, contain not only the list of stockholders and
security holders as they appear upon the books of the
company but also, in cases where the stockholder or
security holder appears upon the books of the company
as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name
of the person or corporation for whom such trustee is
acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs con-
tain statements embracing affiant’s full knowledge and
belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which
stockholders and security holders who do not appear upon
the books of the company as trustees, hold stock and
securities in a capacity other than that of a bona fide
owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that any
other person, association, or corporation has any interest
direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other
securities than as so stated by him.

   5.	That the average number of copies of each issue
of this publication sold or distributed, through the mails
or otherwise, to paid subscribers during the twelve

months preceding the date shown above is......

(This information is required from daily publications
only.)

                   (Signed) T. T. Scott,

         .	Business Manager.

   Sworn to and subscribed before me this 22nd day of
September, 1945.

                         W. B. Bulloch,

,,,	. .	Notary Public,

(My commission expires Feb. 4, 1947.)
  The Jungle of
  Charred Corpses

By PAUL SELONKE

Wild and frenzied screams cut the jungle night, and Nyua’s stench of death
stood in the air. Kirk’s anxiety turned to awful dread. Bwalla, Chief of the Gun-
talis, had called upon his fire-god—-and now all white men in the land would die.

A RIFLE spoke out of the tangled	hardly more than a whispered cough, wing-

fronds that stood like a green bar-	ing its ruthless bullet toward a defenseless
rier alongside the dark tree-tunnel ebon target. The black man screamed,
of the trail. It spoke not with the cus- flung up his arms, as the slug tore into his

tomary quiet-shattering report, but with	naked breast. He collapsed into the trail,
58	JUNGLE

his innocent life blotted out by a merciless
hand.

  His two hunting companions whirled in
horror and amazement; bent down over
him. And after they saw how the man
had died, red hate blazed within their
hearts.

  “The White Juju!” they cried. “The
flaming spear of the white man that kills
without any sound!”

  Nervous fear mingled with their rage.
Their rage, though, was the stronger, and
they began frenziedly beating through the
nearby fronds, assegais poised, searching
for this murderer who was killing their
hunters with a gun that made no sound.
They found nothing. They knew they
would find nothing. This awful slayer was
a white man’s juju. A juju ghost, they be-
lieved, was invisible as the air they
breathed.

  The blacks, both tall, magnificently-pro-
portioned fighting men, were hunters of
the Guntali tribe which ruled this steam-
ing wilderness of Tembu-Loma by the
power of their arms, and by their strange
and terrible magic. Fear of the super-
natural stood alive on their faces when they
returned to their fallen brother. They
hastily constructed a litter and carried the
dead man down the trail to their nearby
village.

  The village was a large circle of grass-
thatched huts. The huts were grouped
about a round, barren compound, where
towered a large stone image of Nyua, their
powerful ancestral fire-god. It was a hide-
ous, crude sculpture of red stone, and in
its malignant, unblinking gaze brooded a
sullen, evil menace that chilled the hearts
of all men who looked upon it.

  An old crone in the compound saw the
hunters coming down into the village with
their ghastly burden, and shrilled out in
excitement, pointing toward them. Her
cry brought Guntali men and women hur-
rying from their huts. They milled around
the hunters, their superstitious fears
drowned out by their raging cries for ven-
geance. The kraal became a churning mass
of black naked bodies. Angry shouts fused
into one gigantic roar that seemed to re-
verberate against the shimmering heat of
the coppery African sky.

  The hunters trudged solemnly forward
through this confusion. They laid the dead

STORIES

man down at last beside the base of the
great idol of Nyua. And as they did, the
tall figure of Bwalla, king of the Guntalis,
loomed up within this frenzied throng.

BWALLA was dressed with the naked
simplicity of his people. His strangely
intelligent features were tight-set, cold,
without any trace of the insane fury of the
others. Bitterness stood like a gray cloud
in his keen, steady gaze as he looked down
upon the bloody form of the slain hunter.

  “O King, the white men have brought
their juju curse upon us for a reason!” one
warrior shouted at him. “They mean to
drive us from our land so it can become
their own!”

  “We must drive them out of our country
to save ourselves!” another screamed,
wildly brandishing his spear. “Our weap-
ons cry to run red with their cursed blood!”
Bwalla raised his hand for quiet. He
shook his head and said, “Open warfare
against white men will bring only disaster
unto our people.”

  The blood-hungry, inflamed throng on
all sides of him stared in wonder and sur-
prise. One of them in the rear cried, “Is
it that our king is afraid when our ranks
outnumber these enemies as a man’s fin-
gers outnumber his nose?”

  “Our enemies have hosts of white war-
riors camped at the Great Water beyond
our bush,” replied Bwalla, “all of them
armed with flaming spears. Once we
strike, these warriors would be called to
aid the whites, and it would be our blood
that would dye the trails of our country.”
“We would rather die than be driven out
of our homes!” a warrior shrilled angrily.

  “None of us will die, for we have a
power even greater than white men,”
Bwalla told him. “We will tell Bwana
Kirk, the leader of all white men in our
land, that he has two hands of suns to re-
move his people from this brush. Other-
wise we will call upon our Great Protector
for assistance.” And he raised his hand
and pointed grimly up at the hideous idol
that towered over the village.

     All eyes turned up to look at this an-
cestor god. A fearful, awed hush settled
over everyone. And Bwalla’s voice boomed
out like a knell of doom for their enemies.

  “You saw, not long past, when we wrere
the weaker and the N’glanas the stronger
The rifle spat lead and fire and Bori died.

59
60	JUNGLE

people of this bush. You saw the N’glanas
persecuting us with their cruelty and how
I held rites that summoned Nyua out of
his holy grave to aid us. You saw, also,
how the stench of Nyua’s swamp tomb
entered the N’glana kraal. N’glana war-
riors were burned to death by fire that did
not scorch the earth at their feet. Plagues
and sickness struck at them, until they
were reduced to a handful and scattered
to the corners of this bush.

   “That,” the king concluded bitterly, “is
what will befall all whites who do not de-
part our land. I have long reverenced
Bwana Kirk and his., golden-haired wife.

I believe in all the good things they gave
to us. But I see now that this was all
trickery. They mean to do us evil—not
good—and desire possession of this land
that was ours since the ancient day when
Nyua was our first king.”

   He turned to a stolid warrior beside him.
“Kunato, you told me that three suns past
you saw Bwana Kirk trekking the bush
near here. Go now and find him and tell
him all this I have said. All white men
must depart from this bush or endure the
wrath of Nyua. Tell him further that if
his juju of the silent flaming spear strikes
at us again during these two hands of
suns, I will summon forth Nyua at once
to strike at all that is his. Wah, I have
spoken.”

  The warrior turned then and hurried
away.

   Bwalla watched him depart, then trudged
heavily back toward his hut, bitterness
dulling the whole of his smooth ebon face.
It was the bitterness of a man who was
crushed and disillusioned that his dearest
friends—as Kirk and his golden-haired
wife had been—had turned so evilly against
him and his people.

II

HIGH NOON, two days later, Marty
Kirk was at his productive tin mine
deep in the heart of Tembu-Loma. It was
his regular periodic visit for a conference
with Joe Grimm, his mine manager, and
that moment he was preparing to depart
on his trek back to his settlement and the
white-washed bungalow, where Jane, his
wife, was waiting his return, two days’
journey to the north.

STORIES

   Marty Kirk was a lean, lank American,
red-haired and capable-looking. He was
the man who had made the first explora-
tions of this wild inland territory, ulti-
mately developing this tin deposit and in-
viting other white men to prospect and
develop the rich ore deposits. And because
he was the logical man for the task, the
Governor-General had appointed him Com-
missioner of Tembu-Loma.

  He and Jane had done many things for
the district, even taking the N’glanas under
their wing after the fierce tribe’s trouble
with the Guntalis, educating them, turning
them into mine workmen, and training the
more apt into a company of riflemen—the
“unofficial soldiers” of his settlement.

  He was assembled with these riflemen
in the workmen settlement of the mine.
Joe Grimm, the stocky, stiff-spined Aus-
trian manager, was beside him, talking.
Bori, the intelligent, rather sharp-witted
N’glana chief, was supervising the depar-
ture, for he was Kirk’s headman. Drawn
up behind Kirk, waiting, were eight
N’glanas—all hunters—who were deeply
devoted to him. They were Lakeeto, his
son Gawai, and six other young N’glanas
who were Gawai’s close companions.

   Then in that moment of bustle and ac-
tivity, a stunned silence abruptly fell over
the vicinity. The N’glanas stood in hushed
groups, staring toward the north edge of
the small jungle basin where the mine was
located.

  “What in hell’s wrong?” spoke up Joe
Grimm. “Why are the men—”

  “Look,” said Kirk, pointing. “A Gun-
tali warrior’s entered the ba'Sin over there
and is coming toward us.”

  “So there is! I thought you had an
agreement with Bwalla that no Guntalis
come near this mine?”

  “I have, and I know Bwalla wouldn’t
go back on his word unless something is
wrong,” muttered Kirk.

   In the charged quiet that hung over the
humid air, he saw the warrior advance
nearer and he recognized him—a Guntalis
named Kunato.

   “Kunato,” he said in Swahili when the
warrior stepped before him, “why do you
come to this forbidden place?”

   “I come to warn you out of this bush,”
Kunato answered. “We have learned all
white men are enemies, and that your
THE JUNGLE OF

tongue is forked as that of Ginzina, the
serpent.”

  Kirk’s brown angular jaw tightened. He
asked evenly, “Can it be that friend turns
against friend ?”

  “Friendship between us is ended,” Ku-
nato said. And he told him of the sound-
less rifleman who was slaying Guntali hunt-
ers from ambush, and of Bwalla’s terrible
warning to all white men.

KIRK was angered, shocked, learning
that someone was murdering innocent
natives by a rifle fitted with a silencer.

  “This is no murder by ghosts, Kunato,”
he said desperately. “It is plain that one
of the white men in Tembu-Loma—by
stealth unknown to me until now—is com-
mitting these killings for some personal mo-
tive. Therefore, go back and inform Bwalla
that this moment I am sending out mes-
sengers to all the wThite men camps, in-
structing the whites to assemble at once
at my official settlement.

  “I will question all and learn who the
killer is. When this is known, I will bring
the slayer to your kraal and execute him
before all your people. In addition, I will
make payments in goods and privileges to
make up for the loss of your brave, inno-
cent hunters. That is my solemn promise.”
Kunato smirked. “I will return and tell
my king this, but I know he will not be-
lieve your promises. All men know that
there is no human alive who can shoot
one of your flaming spears without the ter-
rible noise it makes.”

  He gestured with his hand. “But re-
member this, Bwana—if any other hunter
is slain by this noiseless White Juju within
the two hands of suns promised you, great
Bwalla will call Nyua from his holy grave
at once, and the wrath of our powerful
god will descend upon all that is yours.”
Without further speech, he turned, trot-
ting away. He vanished into the grove
that partially circled the kraal of the
N’glana mine workmen.

  Kirk heard the moans of fear and horror
from the assembled N’glanas. Even Chief
Bori shared this terror. Fierce fighting
man though he was, he cringed beside Kirk.

  “We must depart from this bush,” he
wailed, “or sicknesses and death by a fire
that strikes invisibly out of the very air
will befall us. My tribe suffered horribly

CHARRED CORPSES	61

when Bwalla called up Nyua against us.
It will happen now to thee.”

  Joe Grimm, the mine manager, snorted
with disgust. He said, “Bwalla merely
used tricks against you, Bori, and you be-
lieved it magic. No man is powerful
enough to raise the ancient dead from their
graves.”

  Hopelessness dulled Bori’s eyes. “Do
not scoff. Heed rather the power of Nyua
to bring suffering and destruction to all
of us. There is nothing for us to do but
trek from this land.”

  “You talk like a child-man,” Grimm re-
proached him. Scowling, he turned to
Kirk. “What do you make of this crazy
business, Marty?”

  “I never lock my storehouses at my
settlement,” Kirk replied. “The white men
who are prospecting around here are free
to take any supplies, food, or arms that
they need, because Jane and I are inter-
ested in their success. We want to see
Tembu-Loma developed into a fine, civ-
ilized colony.”

  “I don’t follow you,” frowned Grimm.
“It’s simply this. I received a rifle si-
lencer as a gift from an explorer I guided
up the Congo, a few years ago. That si-
lencer was in the gun cabinet of one of
the storehouses. Plainly, one of these
men has taken the silencer and is using it
to murder innocent Guntalis.”

  Grimm gasped noisily. “Which man
d’you think—”

  “Any of them could have taken it. All
of them come to the settlement often—and
just as often use my storehouses to fill
their personal needs.” Kirk’s voice be-
came hard, brittle. “And one of them is
a murderer. He has some dirty reason
for wanting to drive the Guntalis to revolt
by killing their hunters with a silenced
rifle.”

  “Who the devil would want to do that ?”
“That’s a question we’ve got to answer
•within ten days—or we’ll be in for hell or
worse.”

  Grimm jerked. “Marty, you aren’t crazy
enough to believe that Bwalla can hokus-
pokus a corpse from the grave!”

  “I don’t know what to think. But I
feel that whatever happens won’t be pleas-
ant. I was here in Tembu-Loma when the
Nyua curse was placed on the N’glanas. I
saw how an epidemic of strange sicknesses
62	JUNGLE

gripped their kraal, and saw even stranger
murders for which I still have no logical
explanation.”

  “Meaning we’ve got to discover the iden-
tity of this murderer and prove his guilt
to Bwalla’s satisfaction.” Grimm’s face
was tight, grave. “Can we do this in ten
days ?”

  “We’ll do our best,” said Kirk. “I’ll
send runners to the camps of these men at
once. All the camps are within a day’s
trek of my settlement, and if we set out
there at once the men should be assembled
when we arrive.”

  “We? You mean I should go with
you?” '

  “You are one man in this jungle whom
I trust. I will need your help in this busi-
ness,” nodded Kirk. He turned sharply
to Bori, the N’glana chief, so that fleet
runners could be dispatched at once.

in

AFTER the runners were chosen and
sent on, Kirk started his two-day
march toward his settlement and home.
Chief Bori trudged in the lead of the party.
The white men came next, with Lakeeto,
his son, Gawai, and Gawai’s six young
hunter companions pacing behind them.
The remainder of the blacks marched at
the rear.

  Kirk walked silently, thinking of Jane,
his wife, waiting back there at the settle-
ment. She was an admirer of Bwalla and
believed the king’s tribe were their friends.
It wasn’t going to be easy telling her that
the Guntalis had turned against them and
had become their enemies.

  Hours ground by, and the jungle
thinned. The trail turned into a ridge of
soggy mud, hemmed on both sides by stag-
nant scum-green water dotted with bar-
ren, broken trees that were webbed with
ugly festoons of sickly-gray moss. The
swamp was a morass of crocodiles, hideous
horned lizards, and deadly quicksands.

  Finally the fulsome stench of the swamp
assailed them, and the N’glanas bunched
together in fear and quickened their pace.
For this was the Swamp of Nyua.

  The swamp was where the Guntali an-
cestor-god was entombed, and every black
man of Tembu-Loma believed that the nau-
seating stench exuded from the ancient

STORIES

grave itself. It made them shun the dread-
ful place.

  The soggy trail debouched into a small,
flat plateau. In the center of this unnat-
urally barren high ground was the pile
of weathered rocks that marked Nyua’s
grave—Nyua, the father of the Guntali
tribe, who had died more than a century
before. As the party hurried by, Kirk’s
eyes were magnetically drawn toward the
aged grave.

  He had come through here the last time
the risen Nyua had prowled this jungle
and had seen how the rocks of the grave
had been thrown aside, and only a yawn-
ing hole had marked the place where the
grave had been. And getting later to the
N’glana kraal, it seemed the stench of the
swamp had followed him, for the village
was rank with it. A queer plague of sick-
nesses gripped the tribe. Also, he saw how
sentinels of the village had literally been
consumed by fire at their posts, while not
a blade of grass about them had been
scorched.

  And after the horrible business came to
an end, he had seen Nyua’s tomb again,
the rocks sealing it as before, a grave that
appeared as though it had never been dis-
turbed these many years.

  He could find no answer to these things,
despite that he knew King Bawalla was
clever enough to resort to tricks and arti-
fices to fan superstitious minds, both among
his own people and their enemies. This
horror had been too real, too unexplain-
able.

  They got past the swamp at last, and
the more comforting tangle of the jungle
wilderness closed in around them again.
They trekked till dark, camped, and were
on the trail again before dawn, Kirk goad-
ing them to speed.

  And the morning of the next day they
reached the densely-vegetated slope that
marked the southern boundary of his set-
tlement.

  They descended down into the settle-
ment, a long, narrow, tree-shaded glen,
lined on both sides with native huts and
storehouses, while at the east end of it
stood Kirk’s trim, whitewashed bungalow,
which was his official residence as District
Commissioner of Tembu-Loma.

  Kirk scowled when they got there, for
there was no sign of the white men whom
THE JUNGLE OF

he had summoned to meet him at this place.
Nor had the runners arrived yet.

  “I don’t get this,” he growled at Grimm.
“They should have beat us here by a good
eight to ten hours. It makes me wonder—”

  His voice dried in his throat as muffled
screams, wild and frenzied, knifed out of
his whitewashed bungalow.

WITH a snarling curse he knocked
aside two N’glanas near him in his
frantic haste to get to the residence.

  His anxiety turned to awful dread as he
got nearer the bungalow, for the smell of
the swamp—Nyua’s stench of death—stood
in the air. He loped across the verandah,
then stopped stock-still on the threshold
of the door, gagging on that vile death-
smell that made the air of the bungalow
almost poisonous.

  Barely aware of the stench, his eyes
were riveted upon one of his devoted
houseboys, who was sitting dead on the
bench inside the door. The houseboy’s
body was charred, burned as if by an in-
tense flame—yet the wall beside him and
the bench incredibly were not even
scorched!

  “Jane! Jane!” Kirk cried, running into
the house. But there was no answer—-no
sign of her anywhere. And getting to the
bedroom, he found the bed in a turmoil,
the sheets soiled by the handprints of bony
fingers that had been besmirched with clay.
And there was no clay in the vicinity. The
only clay in Tembu-Loma was found in
the Swamp of Nyua!

  Jane had been carried away into the
jungle even as he had stood in the settle-
ment—carried away by an age-old corpse
that had risen from its ancient grave!

  A cry of rage welling in his throat, he
ran out to the company of fear-numbed
N’glanas who were assembled outside the
bungalow. He shouted, “Search the bush
about the settlement! Jane has been kid-
naped !”

  It was the beginning of a wild search.
But Kirk was soon to call it oil. There
was no sign of her anywhere. It was as
though the very earth had swallowed her
up.

  Why, though, had she been carried
away? Why hadn’t she been murdered in
the same gruesome manner, like that house-
boy?

CHARRED CORPSES	63

  He headed back toward the bungalow.
And in his mind he could still hear the
warning voice of Kunato. The Guntali
warrior had said, “. . . if any other hunter
is slain by this noiseless White Juju within
the two hands of suns promised you, great
Bwalla will call Nyua from his holy grave
at once, and the wrath of our powerful god
will descend upon all that is yours.”

  It was apparent that another hunter had
recently died by the silenced gun, and
King Bwalla had called up Nyua to doom
all whites in this jungle. But why had
Jane been struck at first? Why had she
been singled out of all the white people in
Tembu-Loma?

  Kirk found Grimm in the bungalow.
“The other houseboy is in the kitchen,
burned to death the same as the first,”
the mine manager said thickly. He wrung
his hands. “Marty, I can’t understand it.
My common sense tells me it’s some devil-
ish trickery on King Bwalla’s part. But
the way it looks—I can’t make myself be-
lieve that an age-old corpse—”

  Kirk didn’t listen to him. He walked
past Grimm as though the man did not
even exist. . . .

A HALF HOUR later, he was in the
center of the glen, facing his col-
lection of N’glanas, who were grouped
frightened and numbed before him. They
stared in awe at their master. He was
like one who had lost his soul—cold, hard-
eyed, without a trace of friendliness and
compassion on his brown rock-like face.

  “The white men have not come here as
I instructed,” he said tonelessly. “Neither
have the runners I sent for them. Some-
thing has happened to them, or to the run-
ners before they could reach the white
man camps. And seeing how the Gun-
talis have struck at us, we cannot pause
now to try and find which white man has
brought- this misery upon our bush. We
must fight the Guntali ancestor-god curse
without this weapon I had hoped to have.

  “No dead can rise out of the grave,” he
went on, his voice rising slightly. “What-
ever happened to your tribe long ago was
Guntali trickery, even as this taking of my
dear wife was Guntali trickery. But I can
match King Bwalla for cleverness. I can
be stronger than Nyua!”

  “No man is stronger than Nyua,” Bori,
64	JUNGLE

the N’glana chief, replied hollowly.
“Bwana, our fate is written. All we can
do is leave this accursed place.”

  “Meaning we have water in our bodies
in place of blood?” snapped Kirk. “Bori,
to give in to Bwalla’s tricks would lose us
everything. And I do not mean to lose
my dear wife—not while she still lives and
breathes!”

  His hard, burning gaze swept over the
staring black men. His voice was bleak,
commanding, terrible.

  “Men of N’glana,” he said, “it is my
plan that we march by stealth upon the
kraal of the Guntalis, for I know that it
is in their village where I can find Jane.
In the cover of darkness, we will steal
her from them. And when they pursue
us back here, white soldiers will by that
time be here in the glen to subdue them.”
“Wait a minute!” broke in Joe Grimm.
“We can’t stand up against the whole
Guntali tribe with only this handful of
N’glanas. We’ll be slaughtered like lice.”
“We will stand up against them,” Kirk
told him. “And it is my order to you that
you return to the mine and arm the other
N’glanas—your workmen—who this min-
ute are there. You will wait there in read-
iness in case of our need.”

  He swung away from the mine manager
and pressed a written letter into the hand
of a lithe young N’glana who was famed
for his speed and endurance.

  “Run down out of this country to the
boat-landing where the river turns away
from Tembu-Loma,” he ordered. “You
will be able to borrow a canoe at the trad-
ing post there. Go directly to the Gov-
ernor-General’s residence when you reach
the coast. Give him this letter, and he
will send a large company of soldiers back
here with you.”

  The young N’glana bobbed his head,
tucked the message into his clout-girdle
and started fleetily away. In a moment,
the jungle swallowed him up.

  Chief Bori was looking upon Kirk, a
grave expression on his fierce, intelligent
black face.

  “Bwana, you cannot do this,” he said.
“To make us trek now into the bush will
be our deaths.”

  “Is it not better to die on the trail, rather
than waiting for Bwalla to murder us from
ambush?” Kirk retorted harshly. He

STORIES

stepped nearer him, added dangerously:
“I am your master. You must do as I
command. If any man disobeys me, it is
within my power to drive him out of this
settlement—-alone!”

  Chief Bori licked his thick lips. “I am
only remembering what happened to our
people. Nyua is powerful.”

  “I am powerful, too, Bori, and you must
believe in my power. If trouble should
confront us when we go forth into the
bush, I have the means of creating such
magic that the Guntalis will grovel on their
faces in fear. I promise to make them—■
and even Nyua—powerless before us.”
Kirk’s voice rang out sharply, aweing
the black men by its terrible intensity.
Then he turned away from them. With
sure, lithe steps, he headed back toward
the residence.

IV

THEY set off that afternoon and
trekked all the following day, and the
next. Noon of that third day found Marty
Kirk and his grimly silent company of
N’glanas moving along the trail deep in
the brooding heart of Tembu-Loma.

  Thoughts of lovely golden-haired Jane,
a girl who had been born in Africa and
capably had trekked side by side with him
in the most perilous trails, tortured Kirk.
He could think of nothing except her res-
cue. It was like a scourge across his naked
flesh.

  Yet he was bewildered that the Gun-
talis, through Nyua, would strike first at
Jane. He was equally bewildered that
she had been taken away instead of being
murdered in some hideous fashion. It al-
most seemed part of some kind of coldly
calculated plan.

  What kind of plan ? Was it that Bwalla
wanted to lure him into the jungle, exactly
as he was doing? Did Bwalla believe him
author of the white man “juju” that was
striking down the Guntali hunters?

  Then for the first time since Jane had
been taken away, a lucid thought cut
through the feverish confusion of his mind.
He recalled the Fire Sacrifice of Nyua—
an old Guntali ritual custom which he and
the Governor-General were striving to
stamp out. The recollection sent a shud-
der of horror rippling down his spine.
THE JUNGLE OF

  The Guntalis had called upon their ter-
rible god to drive out all white men. There-
fore it would be natural that they would
offer sacrifice to Nyua’s name. And with
Jane chosen as the enemy victim to be used
in this ceremony which took place only at
the first quarter of the moon. . . .

  Kirk swung to Bori, who paced stolidly
at his side. He asked, “When will we see
the first quarter of the moon . . .

  “The dark after tomorrow’s sun,
Bwana,” Bori told him.

  Kirk’s face tightened. It made him sure.
A bit frantic, too. It would be the next
night before they reached the Guntali kraal
—and to rescue Jane, they would have to
get there before the ceremony could begin.

  “We must press on with haste, O Chief.
We must reach the Guntali village when
the sun is still in the sky. That is my
command.”

  Bori eyed him levelly, shrugged and
said, “Only a miracle will bring us there
so speedily.” And he went the length of
their column, shouting that the pace be
doubled.

  Kirk watched, somewhat cheered at the
willingness of these N’glanas. He had an-
ticipated trouble from them — that they
would not march with him into the dangers
of the Guntali country. Yet they had come
willingly.

  That is, all of them save Gawai, La -
keeto’s young warrior son, and those six
other young N’glanas who were his close
hunting companions. They were visibly
worried, plainly keyed up over the fact
that they had been ordered out to do battle
against an enemy no one could see.

  Kirk blamed it upon their youth. Still,
he was wondering if it was his promise of
magic greater than that of Bwalla that had
made the older men willing. His magic
consisted of a few boxes of rockets and fire-
works which he had brought up from the
Coast once and had never used. Fireworks
always struck terror into the hearts of black
men who had never before seen them.

  This magic was likely to be of no avail
if they reached the Guntali kraal during
the afternoon. The peril of a daylight res-
cue was great.

  At length, they passed through the foul-
stenched swamp and across the small
plateau where Nyua’s grave was located.

S—Jungle Stories—Spring

CHARRED CORPSES	65

And the grave, once again, was as it had
been that time Kirk looked upon it when
Nyua had been called forth to prey upon
the N’glanas. The heavy stones of the
grave were strewn about, and a yawning
hole gaped in the clay where the ancestor-
god’s bones ordinarily rested.

  Gawai cried out in horror and began
running along the trail to get free of the
dreadful place. His six companions, and
most of the older N’glanas, were filled with
equal terror and hastened their pace.

  It was a disordered, frantic flight that
took the party swiftly into the jungle
wilderness beyond the swamp. The
N’glanas caught a grip on their fears then
and slowed down to a walk. It relieved
Kirk, too, that they were so quickly out
of that swamp. The odors of the jungle
seemed clean beside that ghastly smell of
the dead.

  But all at once everyone realized that the
stench had followed them. Out of the jungle
air about them, like some formless vapor,
the miasma of Nyua rose up again—faint
at first, but increasing in foul intensity as
moments passed. It gave re-birth to the
fear-frenzies of the N’glanas. Lakeeto and
a few of the other braver men gripped
weapons ready in their hands as their
eyes searched the bush about them for an
enemy they could not see.

  The voice of Gawai was a thin wail of
terror.

  “We are doomed!” he cried. “Nyua is
pursuing us! Death will strike us before we
get near the Guntali kraal!”

THEN, almost miraculously, the stench
dwindled away, and only the more en-
durable odors of the jungle remained. It
was so incredible that the entire company
stood in wonder.

  “Nyua passed by and did not see us,”
Chief Bori observed solemnly. “It is our
luck—”

  “It was not luck,” quickly spoke up
Kirk. “I carry on my person a juju that
is stronger than Nyua. Nyua is afraid—
even as Bwalla and the Guntalis will be
afraid when we meet them. My juju is all-
powerful.”

  He could see the sharp effect of his
words upon the N’glanas, the strange way
they looked upon him in that instant. By
swift thinking he had saved his party from
66	JUNGLE

mutiny. Awe, momentarily, seemed to take
the place of terror.

  The party resumed their journey once
more. As they went on their silent way,
the lethargic dreeing of the insects, the
sharp, child-like chatter of monkeys in the
treetops was an anodyne to their over-
wrought nerves.

  There was no peace, however, in the
mind of Marty Kirk. Behind his impassive
face was concern and wonder. The stench,
rising up from nowhere in the trail and
vanishing again, didn’t seem a natural
thing.

  He had to fight back the mad feel-
ing growing within him that the dead ac-
tually could be called up from the grave.
Worse, some inner voice kept whispering
that new nerve-shaking terrors were wait-
ing them farther along the trail.

   But it seemed that he was wrong. They
made good time the remainder of the day,
and there was no trace of Nyua, nor of the
odor of death. It raised the spirits of the
blacks, even of Gawai and his youthful
companions, and none spoke of fear and
danger any longer, but of the good speed
they had made that day. It was as though
they felt secure under the protection of this
mysterious, powerful juju their white
leader had spoken about.

   Kirk made camp a short distance off the
trail. It was a donga hemmed with baobab
and ironwood trees and flowering shrubs
that would screen their cooking fire from
the eyes of any possible prowling bands of
Guntalis—a carefully chosen camping spot
halfway between the trail and the old Mar-
agoona water hole.

   As a repast of posho and strips of wild
pig was started, Gawai, perhaps to atone
for his display of cowardice, picked up the
goatskin and offered to go for water. And
with his departure, the tired men sat in a
circle about the fire, discoursing little be-
tween each other. A prowling lion
coughed its challenge deep in the bush,
and it was answered ,by the wild cry of a
hyena. None of the jnen seemed to hear
it. They seemed content to sit and rest.

   After a while, Lakeeto stood up.

  “What is keeping Gawai, Bwana?” he
said to Kirk. “It is not natural that my
man-son would tarry like this in a danger-
ous bush.”

   Kirk started up. He realized Gawai had

STORIES

been gone the better part of a half hour
on a mission that should have taken no
more than five minutes.

  “Wah, he has been gone too long,” he
agreed.

  “Bwana, it might be best if we went to
the water hole and joined him,” remarked
Bori. A queer expression lay on his fire-
lighted ebon face. “He might have stum-
bled in the darkness and hurt himself.”

  So Kirk, Lakeeto, and Bori left the
fireside and filed through the jungle to-
ward the Maragoona.

  They did not find Gawai anywhere along
the trail to the water hole. They found
him at the water hole itself, and the youth-
ful hunter-warrior was dead.

KIRK shuddered when they saw by the
starlight how horribly Gawai had
died. His body was a charred mass. Gawai
had literally been consumed by fire—yet
by a fire that did not even scorch the grass
where he lay.

  “Nyua!” whispered Bori in awe. “He
has been following us and has fallen upon
poor Gawai to consume him with his dev-
ilish spirit-fire!”

  Kirk did not reply, because Lakeeto
spoke, in a thickly muttered tone then,
choked and terrible to hear.

  “My son-—my man-child!” And Lakeeto
bent down and picked the charred body up
tenderly in his arms. He turned and began
walking back to the camp with his grisly
burden.

  Neither Kirk nor Bori said a word. They
picked up the filled goatskin of water and
followed Lakeeto.

  Every man in the camp rose in horror
as they saw what Lakeeto carried into the
light of the fire. Gone was their sense of
security, and in its place was wailing terror
and fear. They milled about Kirk, beseech-
ing that they turn back before all met
their deaths by this mysterious, all-con-
suming fire of Nyua.

  “You have been wrong!” they cried at
him. “Your juju is not as powerful as
Nyua, for this cruel Guntali god has struck
at us once again!”

  “My juju is still all-powerful,” Kirk
told them. “It protects me and those about
me. It did not protect Gawai when he went
forth alone into the bush.”

  “That is true,” spoke Lakeeto. “Now I
THE JUNGLE OF CHARRED CORPSES

 will go forth to bury my dead, and I will
 return again because the dead do not dis-
 turb the dead.”

  He was a strangely magnificent figure
as he stepped fearlessly into the peril of
the haunted bush, and no man tried to stop
him. And after the hunter was gone, Kirk
noted that the remaining N’glanas had con-
trol of their frantic fear. The logic of his
argument, backed by Lakeeto, seemed to
have some effect. But they were no longer
relaxed, but watchful of the jungle about
them.

   Lakeeto returned later without his son
 and sat apart, heavy with grief, as the
 others ate of the meal. At last every man
 lay down beside the fire to get some rest.

  There was much stirring in the long
hours following, for sleep under the cir-
cumstances was not easy. Kirk heard all
this. Sleep was a stranger to him, because
his mind was so alive with disturbing
thoughts—of Jane in the cruel grip of the
Guntalis, and of this spine-chilling mystery
of the corpse of a cruel jungle god rising
up to do such evil work. At last, though,
he did sleep—much more soundly than he
had expected. '

  He awakened suddenly, his head tor-
tured by a sharp headache. Dawn grayed
the jungle. And he coughed, choking on a
foul, acrid odor that made him forget
the pain of his head. He chilled to the aw-
ful realization that the stench of Nyua was
thick upon the camp.

   Angrily, a little frightened at the weird
 phenomenon, he sat up and threw some
 tindery branches upon the red embers of
 the fire. Some of the N’glanas wakened as
 he did. They cried out at the ghastly smell
 of death. And the entire camp stirred.

   That is, all except those six young com-
 panions of Gawai’s. And the rising flames
 of the kindled fire revealed why they did
 not rise. They were dead—charred, hor-
 ribly burned corpses. Each had been
 burned to death while lying side by side
 with Kirk and the remaining N’glanas!

KIRK stared in incredulous horror. Up
to that moment he had striven to con-
vince himself that all that had happened
had been Guntali trickery. But the Gun-
talis could not enter a sleeping camp, burn-
ing six men to death while the others slept.
It hinted of what Kirk did not and could

67

not believe—that the terrible Nyua was
an actuality!

   The N’glanas were in a frenzy of terror
 that he could not control. They milled
 about the donga in the wild fear that at
 any instant Nyua would return to also
 slay them with this mysterious spirit-fire.

   It was only through the efforts of Chief
 Bori that the men were gotten under con-
 trol. Bori then turned to Kirk and said,
 “Your juju—like all jujus we have tried—
 is powerless against Nyua. We cannot go
 on. We do not care to die in this horrible
 way as have our companions.”

   Kirk’s eyes turned grim, burning, but
he said nothing to Bori and gestured La-
keeto up to his side.

 - “Lakeeto,” he said. “Go to Bwana Grimm
 at my mine and tell him to march upon
 the Guntali kraal and join us at the cross-
 trail beside the river. There is yet a way
 we can defeat cursed Nyua, for I still have
 another plan.”

   “It will be done,” nodded Lakeeto. With
 the spontaneity natural to him, he picked
 up his weapons and plunged into the jun-
 gle, setting off for the mine, w’hich was
 not too far distant from that place.

  The remaining men stood in a sullen
group.

   “Pick up your burdens,” Kirk said to
them. “We are proceeding toward the Gun-
tali kraal. We will meet Bwana Grimm
there. As I told Lakeeto, I have another
plan.”

   Chief Bori moved nearer Kirk. All the
friendliness was gone from him. A stub-
born sneer was on his black face.

  “Plans and numbers mean nothing
against Nyua,” he said. “We are not fools.
We know that death is waiting in this
jungle for all of us. There is nothing for
us to do but get out of Tembu-Loma as
quickly as we are able.”

   Kirk’s features w'ere rock-hard, unread-
 able. He had no new plan of action. In
 fact, he was as shaken by these queer
 events as they. Yet Jane, he was sure, was
 being held at the Guntali kraal as a sacri-
 fice victim. While he still could lift a hand
 against man or ghoul, he would do his
 utmost to save her from a ghastly fate.

   “You and your men, Bori, are under my
orders,” he said harshly. “Obey me, or
else you will be punished.”

   “No orders can detain us,” Bori retorted.
68	JUNGLE

“We mean to turn back and get out of
this accursed place.”

  Fury inflamed Kirk, also desperation,
for Jane’s life was in peril. He whipped
up the heavy pistol that he carried on his
hip.

  “You are obeying my commands!” he
cried. “If any of you dare—”

  The N’glanas surged at him in a brutal
mass. The pistol was knocked from his
grasp. Cursing, fighting, he strove to battle
against these frenzied black men—until a
rifle stock caught him a hard glancing
blow on the forehead.

   He fell senseless beside the campfire.

V

KIRK felt as though he were struggling
in a tunnel of velvet darkness that
had no ending. But at last he became aware
of the dreeing of the jungle insects, the
sound of chattering monkeys scolding one
another, and the muted cathedral choir of
golden-throated birds. Dazedly he pulled
himself to his knees and looked about the
vegetation-hemmed donga.

  He did not know how much time had
passed, but the day was fully light now,
and he saw that he was alone in the camp,
with only the gruesome charred remains
of the dead men beside him. Even his guns
and equipment had been taken away by the
deserting N’glanas.

  The full impact of his frightening pre-
dicament—that a ruthless, peril-filled jun-
gle still lay before him, and he was with-
out food or weapons—shook his numbed,
aching brain. And if he did not reach the
Guntali village before dark fell that eve-
ning, Jane would die by torture.

  For a moment, he cursed the N’glanas
—yet he could imagine the depths of their
fear that had brought them to leave him
in this place to die so that they might pre-
serve their own lives. But it bothered him
that Chief Bori—so intelligent, despite his
inborn savagery, with reasoning equal to
white men—should Iso cruely turn against
him, too. He had always felt Bori would
remain loyal to him in any circumstances
—as he knew Lakeeto would.

  Lakeeto! Recollection of the faithful
hunter and the mission he had gone on
raised Kirk’s dwindled hope. Joe Grimm,
with his men, might even at this moment

STORIES

be marching toward the Guntali kraal. And
when he met them . . .

  It left him a fighting chance to rescue
Jane, and his eagerness to get on sent him
staggering out of the donga toward the
trail. Much of his grogginess was gone
after he reached the trail, and he trekked
ahead at a trot.

  Dogged desperation goaded him, and
as he pressed on he watched for signs
of the evil curse of Nyua to strike at him
in some devilish way or another. Oddly, no
manner of new trouble confronted him. It
was as though the cruel jungle god had
turned from him to follow the N’glanas.

  He was still pondering over the startling
fact some hours past noon as he trekked
nearer and nearer to Bwalla’s stronghold.
Until all at once he heard the sound of
chanting voices in the trail before him. He
recognized the chant—the hunting song of
the Guntalis.

  He flung himself wildly into the bush
beside the trail and hunched there. Breath-
less, he watched a party of six Guntali
warriors file past:

  It told him he was perilously close to
their village now. He would have to watch
himself, for capture would defeat any op-
portunity of saving Jane.

  Presently, with infinite caution, he
emerged from the damp, ferny under-
growth and re-entered the trail. He was
wondering about Grimm—if the mine man-
ager had gotten into the vicinity yet.

  And then there was a crashing in the
undergrowth beside the trail near him. He
jerked, spun wildly around. But it was no
Guntali warrior that came lunging out of
the fronds. It was Lakeeto.

  Kirk gasped when he saw him. Lakeeto
was staggering and spent. His broad, heav-
ing chest was a mass of crimson, and in-
sects covered the blood like a grayish mat.

  “Lakeeto!” Kirk blurted, and caught
hold of the black hunter to steady him.
“Lakeeto, what . . .?”

  Lakeeto’s sweat-dripping body was
trembling. The black man had to struggle
to speak. And when he found his voice, it
was no more than a gasping, painful whis-*
per.

  “Bwana! I have learned — the truth.
Nyua is nothing. Your dearest companion
is a murderer—a betrayer—” His voice
broke off, his knees sagging beneath his
THE JUNGLE OF CHARRED CORPSES	69

weight. He fell to the ground and lay
horribly motionless.

  “Lakeeto !” cried Kirk, stooping down
to him. And then he saw. The faithful
black hunter was dead.

  And he saw more. The wound in La-
keeto’s breast was that of a rifle bullet.

KIRK straightened up, his brown face
bleak. It meant that Lakeeto had not
been slain by a Guntali. Nor was it credi-
ble that one of the N’glanas had shot him.
Kirk was convinced that the bullet had
come from a white man’s gun—the si-
lenced gun of the same vicious white mur-
derer who had been slaying the Guntali
hunters for some personal reason.

  And Lakeeto had said the murderer was
Kirk’s dearest companion, a betrayer. Who
could—

  Before Kirk could reason this out, the
six Guntali hunters leaped from the bush
on all sides of him. They were greatly
angered and fell upon him without mercy.
He was bound with strips of tonga bark,
and dazed and bruised was dragged up the
trail in the direction of their village.

  Being taken at last to their circular vil-
lage, the people of Guntali milled round
him as he was dragged to the base of the
huge, grotesque idol of Nyua which stood
in the center of their compound. They
jeered and spit on him, until, all at once,
their naked ranks opened up a path for
the tall, stalwart black man who came
striding up among them. It was Bwalla,
their king.

  The Guntalis stood motionless, silent, as
Bwalla stepped alongside of Kirk and
stared down at him. Bitterness and hate
lay in the king’s steady gaze.

  “I am a just man, Bwana,” he said. “I
have not forgotten the good you and your
golden-haired wife have more than once
done for my people. Therefore, when an-
other of my hunters fell before the noise-
less flaming spear of your ghost-demon, I
did not call forth Nyua as I threatened.
Nor did I when a second hunter fell. But
today, when a third of my hunters was
slain by your ghost-demon, my patience
was at an end.

  “I instructed my hunters to search the
bush and find a person of white skin so
that we might have a victim for the Cere-
mony of Fire which will bring Nyua out

of his holy grave. The victim they cap-
tured is you—and that is good, because
you are the leader of all white men in this
country. It will be through your death that
all whites will suffer and die by the wrath
of Nyua for the wrongs they have done
unto our tribe.”

  Kirk stared up at Bwalla, his mind a
whirlpool of wild thinking. Nyua was sup-
posedly still secure in his grave—yet the
grave actually was a yawning hole and
the terrible horrors of the ancestor-god
wrere abroad in Tembu-Loma. Jane, plain-
ly, had not been captured by the Guntalis
and taken here, because then the hunters
would not have been sent out to search
for a victim. And Lakeeto, going to enlist
Joe Grimm’s aid, had been shot to death,
but dying had managed to reach Kirk to
say, “I have learned the truth. Nyua is
nothing. Your dearest companion is a mur-
derer—a betrayer—”

  It sent the truth screaming through
Kirk’s brain for the first time.

GREED can drive men till they become
inhuman beasts, and greed obviously
lay behind all the evil that had befallen
Tembu-Loma.

  “Listen to me, People of Guntali,” he
cried desperately. “I have seen the horrors
of Nyua stalking this country, for his
grave is empty. I have seen men die of
fire that does not bum the grass at their
feet. It is not Nyua’s work, however, be-
cause Bwalla has not called your great god
forth. It is the work of an evil white man
who means that I should die and that you
should be blamed for it. He cares nothing
for the lives he takes. He is merely inter-
ested in my mines, which will make him
rich among white men.

  “Listen to me, People of Guntali—if you
will follow, I will lead you to this evil man.
We will see that this man is brought to
his death for the many murders he has
committed.”

  The multitude gathered about him stood
unmoving as he paused, their startled eyes
turned toward their king. There was no
bewilderment in Bwalla’s level gaze, but
only the gray cloud of bitterness and dis-
illusionment.

  “Think you that we are fools, Bwana?”
he said. “Think you that we would let
ourselves be lured by lying words into a
70	JUNGLE

trap, where your ghost-demon can slay
us? No—I have my own plans. With the
timely birth of the new moon after dark-
ness comes, I shall give you unto our
sacred ceremony.”

  Then abruptly he turned and stalked
away.

   With his going, the people of Guntali
no longer subjected the prisoner to indigni-
ties. Apparently a chosen victim for the
Fire Ceremony was to be avoided, and
they drifted away, leaving Kirk to lie in
his helplessness beneath the baleful un-
winking gaze of the crude-carved image of
Nyua.

   The heat of the sun was like a molten
curtain of brilliance, shining down upon
Marty Kirk. Yet the sun was no more
incandescent than the rage that blazed in
his soul.

  Greed had plainly turned Joe Grimm
from folly to madness—a complete vicious-
ness that had brought about all this mur-
derous business. And Kirk could visualize
Grimm’s scheme to cause the Guntalis to
rise up against the whites by slaying their
hunters mysteriously—probably aided by
a few of his unscrupulous mine workmen
—with a silenced rifle. In the uprising,
marked by the curse of Nyua—horror ef-
fects which Grimm had somehow learned
to imitate—both Kirk and Jane would be
killed.

  The Governor-General would send sol-
diers, and the Guntalis would be driven
out of Tembu-Loma. Grimm then could
gain possession of the rich tin mine, secure
with the Governor-General believing that
the Kirks had died at the Guntalis’ hands.

  Kirk strained his muscular power
against the bonds that secured him, curs-
ing that he should stumble upon Grimm’s
perfidy too late. Grimm had Jane impris-
oned somewhere, if he hadn’t already
killed her. And Kirk himself would die
horribly at the birth of the new moon
that night.

   He lay back helpless, panting, realizing
the futility of struggle against the cords
which restrained him.

   It obviously was the end of the trail
for him, and his rage burned even more
hotly. Not that he was afraid to die.
Rather, it sickened him that he was power-
less to prevent Grimm from succeeding in
his inhuman plans.

STORIES

           VI

ORTURING hours ground slowly by,
beneath the cruel blaze of the sun.
They were hours made even more excru-
ciating by Kirk’s terrible, helpless thinking.
And after what seemed an eternity, the
sun sank to the west and his tight, blood-
shot eyes watched the creeping fingers of
night lifting into the sky.

  In that instant warriors paced into the
circular compound, carrying a scaffolding
of peeled poles and setting it up before the
towering image of Nyua. Other warriors
brought forth a great iron cauldron, rais-
ing it up to the top of the scaffolding and
fastening it. From the manner with which
the men handled the cauldron, Kirk
guessed it was brimming with some kind
of dangerous liquid.

  “What is this device?” he asked.

  The answering warrior’s laugh was a
harsh grating sound. He said mockingly,
“It is for your death at the birth of the
moon. You will be suspended midway be-
tween the top and bottom of the scaffold-
ing, and the potion will be poured over
your body, burning the life out of you.
The potion in this pot was brewed of the
sap of the fire-bush. One drop of it is as
deadly as an ember fanned to white heat.”
Kirk lay stiffly, staring. Perspiration
wetted his face as he realized that the Cere-
mony of Fire was not merely the stake,
but the gruesome death of having poured
over him a devilish, searing escharotic
which had been brewed to perhaps ten
times the burning power of hydrochloric
acid. Yet his gaze remained defiant as he
stared at the black men.

  “King Bwalla and all people of Guntali
are fools,” he gritted. “You do not seem
to realize that my death will bring hosts
of white warriors from the Coast. Tembu-
Loma will run red with the blood of the
Guntali slain.”

  “Let the white warriors come,” boasted
the black. “Nyua will be abroad in the
bush then, with fire and destruction. They
will die before they even reach our kraal.”
Kirk snorted. “Nonsense. I see now that
men stricken by that mystery fire that does
not char the earth are not victims of your
god, but of living Guntalis who strike
down the victims and pour over them this
potion you have here. You merely use
THE JUNGLE OF CHARRED CORPSES	71

tricks to frighten enemies into believing
Nyua stalks the bush. You are not magi-
cians, but tricksters.”

  “You are wrong,” the warrior replied.
“The fire and destruction of Nyua are
real. Our potion here is but an imitation
of his holy works. Nothing is as powerful
as Nyua.” And he turned back to his com-
panions, who were fastening up the raw-
hide thongs that would hold Kirk helpless
in the scaffolding.

  “Loose the white man from his bonds
and strip him of his garments,” one of
them said to him. “That is the law of the
Ceremony of Fire.”

  “Wah,” nodded the warrior. He roughly
jerked Kirk to his feet. With a flip of his
knife he slashed the tonga strips.

  And in that split-second of freedom,
Marty Kirk made his break. It was all
nerve and no sense, the desperate move
of a man goaded by the instinct for self-
preservation.

HE crashed his head hard into the chin
of the man beside him, bent down and
went plunging through the group about
him like a streaking fullback. And all the
people in the village caught sight of his
escape. A great roar rose up from them,
and they surged at him from every side.

  He kept on like a plunging bullet that
nothing short of a spear or arrow might
stop. In fact, he was expecting it, for such
would be a more pleasant death than being
seared alive.

  But no spear was shafted at him. In a
mad wave of hope, he realized that they
wanted to keep him alive for this gruesome
sacrifice—offering to their jungle god.

  Only a miracle brought him safely to
the jungle’s edge, and he plunged into the
dripping, frondiferous undergrowths of the
bush with a dozen Guntalis at his heels.
He ran wildly, changing directions, back-
tracking, never pausing a moment for
breath in this desperate effort to escape
from these black men.

  The jungle seemed alive with Guntalis.
Signal drums spoke to one another as the
blacks searched on every side of him. He
was drenched with sweat; his breathing
was a harsh, painful panting. And while he
fled this direction and that, he felt sure
that all his efforts would come to nothing.
Too great odds were against him to facili-
tate a complete escape.

  Yet after the passage of two hours,
when he paused in a fern-bed, his sodden
clothing rent and tattered from the thorny
growths of the forest, he realized that fate
had played on his side. The sound of pur-
suit, the maddening thump of signal drums,
were gone, and all he heard was the end-
less chorus of the jungle insects in the
darkness. Somewhere off to his left, a
lion roared its challenge as it stalked the
bush for prey.

  He ignored the danger of the prowling
lion, for hope was reborn within him by
this incredible escape from burning death.
And he saw the one task before him. He
had to get to Joe Grimm and force a con-
fession of all his evil works out of him, and
then march him as a prisoner back to the
bungalow residence, where, by this time,
the soldiers from the Coast must be wait-
ing. The entire group could trek to the
Guntali kraal, and peace and sanity could
then be reestablished in Tembu-Loma.

  The night was a pressing curtain of
blackness. Yet the stars overhead were
bright, glowing. Glancing at them through
an opening he found in the treetops, he
reckoned his direction. Tired and worn-
out as he was, he set off toward the not-
far-distant tin mine at a trot.

  The jungle along this way was not as
thickly grown and he was able to make
good time. Lashed with anxiety over Jane’s
safety, plus a burning desire for vengeance
against this man he had long trusted, he
moved swiftly. In less than four hours, he
was standing upon a rise that commanded
a complete view of the shallow basin,
where lay his tin mine.

  The basin was a murky sea of darkness,
with no light showing. Yet he knew the
mine lay directly below him, with Grimm’s
cottage on the one side of it, and the settle-
ment of N’glana workmen upon the other.
At this late hour everyone likely would be
asleep in their beds.

  Carefully he worked his way down the
slope, and soon he was standing before the
darkened cottage where Grimm lived. For
a full three minutes he stood rigid there,
fists clenched. Then at last he walked for-
ward in the direction of the cottage stoop,
pausing there again to listen.

  No sounds came through the screen door
of the one-room cottage. Reaching out to
the door, he noiselessly opened it and
stepped inside. He listened for the noise of
72	JUNGLE

breathing from the sleeping bunk, and
hearing nothing he was caught with a sud-
den wave of apprehension. What if Grimm
was not here, but was somewhere out in
the jungle?

  He remembered the electric lantern
standing on the table in the center of the
room, and he switched it on.

  The bright light dazzled his eyes mo-
mentarily. But after he turned to the
bunk, he halted in his tracks. He stared
unbelievingly, his theory of Grimm’s guilt
tumbling down on his head like a mocking
house of cards.

  Joe Grimm lay in the bunk—a burnt
and horribly charred corpse!

VI

KIRK was too bewildered, too smitten
to think rationally. Who could have
done this? Who, after all, was the inhu-
man monster that killed and killed again
so wantonly? Was it one of the other
white prospectors, or . . .

  “Come with me, Bwana, for I have
something to show you,” spoke a familiar
voice from the doorway.

  Kirk whirled and saw the black naked
figure of Bori, the N’glana chief, standing
there. Bori had a-rifle gripped in his hands,
and a bleak expression hardened his smooth
black features.

  “Bori!” Kirk gritted. “What are you
doing here?”

  “That will be explained later, Bzuana.
Come with me to the native workmen’s set-
tlement here and you will learn the truth.”

  Kirk stared at him a long moment.
Things weren’t right in his confused mind.
Still, he had always trusted Bori. He
walked to the door and silently followed
the chief out into the dark night.

  As they filed past the mine, he saw
much activity in the N’glana settlement. A
great fire had been kindled in the com-
pound and natives moved to and fro. They
seemed keyed up, excited.

  And after he drew nearer the compound,
Kirk saw something else. A white woman
was standing beside the kindled fire. She
was golden-haired, resolute, shapely. It
was Jane, his wife—alive!

  He ran to her, caught her in his arms
and held her fast. The tight quiver in his
throat dried up the rush of words that
welled up within him.

STORIES

  Jane clung to him desperately. Her voice
was strained and hopeless when she spoke.
“Marty—oh, heavens, Marty—-what is to
become—of us?”

  “Us?” He pushed her back to arms’
length and looked deep into the terrible
fear and horror he saw etched in her hol-
low eyes. “Nothing is going to happen to
us now. The soldiers must have already
reached Tembu-Loma, and with their help
we’ll—”

  His voice choked off when the full in-
tensity of her hopelessness penetrated him.
He turned his eyes from her and saw
the dozen N’glanas who stood in a circle
about them. There was no friendship upon
the faces of these black men. Their rifles
were raised, the muzzles pointed squarely
and threateningly at him.

  He stood stiffly, unmoving. These were
the jungle men whom he had educated into
the knowledge of the white way of life. He
saw now it had become a dangerous knowl-
edge—knowledge that they had learned to
use to their own brutal purpose. Instead
of being devoted to him as he had long
believed, they were devoted only to them-
selves.

  “What insanity is this?” he cried at
Chief Bori. “I have always believed you
my devoted companion, and now I find
you are turned into a treacherous beast.”
“Is it treachery for us to want our own
homeland back again?” Bori asked evenly.
“Are we beasts because we mean to drive
the cursed Guntalis to their destruction?”
“This inhuman work will merely bring
your own destruction,” retorted Kirk.
“You cannot commit murder after murder
and go unpunished.”

  Chief Bori laughed flatly. With a brazen
gesture, he brought out the silencer he had
stolen from Kirk’s store-house and at-
tached it to his rifle’s muzzle..

HE looked steadily into the white man’s
face.

  “No one will brand us as murderers,”
Bori jeered.. “Bwana Grimm showed us
the way to bring this all about.”

  “So he was in this with you, after all!”
“In a way that is so,” explained Bori.
“Ever since you made him manager of
this mine, he chided his N’glana workmen
for believing that the Guntalis used a risen
corpse to destroy our power. They asked
him to prove it otherwise. He took up the
A killer’s
footsteps
slithering
softly in
the gloom,
moonlight
glinting on
a weapon
—then the
merciless
stroke of
murder!

Hand-picked murder! The editors of TWO COMPLETE DETECTIVE BOOKS,
surveying the current published mysteries, carefully select the cream of the crop, and
hand you, in each issue of the magazine, hours of thrills. You get two of the best,
most exciting mystery novels to appear in book form—and you get them complete.
If you don’t know TWO COMPLETE DETECTIVE BOOKS, get acquainted today.
You’ll find this bargain magazine at all newsstands—a $4.00 value for 25 cents.
In the current issue:

I. SAID THE FLY	THE DARK PAGE

By E. X. FERRARS	By SAMUEL MICHAEL PULLER

TWO COMPLETE DETECTIVE BOOKS

Published by FICTION HOUSE, Inc., 670 Fifth Avenue, New York 19, N. Y.
74	JUNGLE

challenge and made friends of various
Guntalis so that he could visit their village
and slyly wrest from them some of their
secrets.

  “He learned that the stench of the
swamp is caused by wassa grass falling
into the water, giving off vile odors when
it rotted—and that the Guntalis produce
the stench wherever they choose by carry-
ing sealed pots of the rotting grass in
swamp water, opening and closing the
cover of the pot as they will. He learned
that our village guards were first struck
down unconscious, then burned to death by
pouring a potion made of the boiled sap
of the fire-brush over them—a trick not
only to inspire fear in us, but to give them
a chance to steal into our sleeping kraal
to poison our cooking pots.

  “I was filled with rage when this news
was brought to me,” continued Bori. “It
made me vow to destroy the Guntalis for
using this vile trickery against us.”

  “And you stole that silencer to murder
innocent Guntali hunters, so that Bwalla
and his people would be inflamed against
all white men,” growled Kirk. “You knew
Bwalla, in vengeance, would throw the
Nyua curse upon us. And by imitating his
tricks, killing whites, you would make the
Governor-General absolutely believe the
Guntalis were the guilty ones, and he would
drive them out of the bush with the power
of his soldiers.”

  “That is true,” nodded Bori. “Most of
us have been anxious to regain the rule of
Tembu-Loma—all except your houseboys,
Lakeeto and his man-child Gawai, and
Gawai’s six young companions, who were
steadfast to your white ways. We did not
tell them our plans, choosing them rather
as people to die.”

  “But if Grimm knew how these Guntali
tricks were done, why did he not tell me
so when you began your tricks?” Kirk
asked.

  “Because he was a greedy man,” was the
reply. “He happened to overhear some of
his workmen discussing our plans, and he
came to me, saying that if I allowed him
to get possession of your mine, he would
not reveal our intentions to you. I prom-
ised. And he was the one who suggested
my men steal your wife, telling us that
surely you would go out to rescue her from
the Guntalis.”

STORIES

  “Sure,” sneered Kirk. “Because I’d take
you along and you could heighten the
Guntalis’ guilt by Nyua horror tricks, and
you could desert me so the Guntalis could
capture and murder me. He told you my
charred body in the Guntali kraal would
be absolute proof. Right?”

  Bori nodded. “And when we left you
and started for this mine settlement, we
overtook Lakeeto and killed him.”

  “Just as you murdered Grimm with the
burning potion when you reached here,
so that no living person would know you
N’glanas are murderers and betrayers of
my trust. Let me say to you, Bori, you
will not succeed in your evil work. The
white soldiers—”

  “The soldiers themselves will prove our
innocence,” scoffed the chief. “White mea
know that only Guntalis are able to burn
victims without scorching the earth. After
we return soon to your settlement, the
houseboys’ charred bodies will be proof of
a Guntali uprising. The finding of other
charred bodied on the trail-including yours
and that of your wife—the soldiers will be
enraged. They will destroy the Guntalis,
and Tembu-Loma will become ours again.”

E TURNED and spoke to two of his
men beside him. He said, “Go now
and bring out the urns of fire liquid we
have brewed. We must get all things done
quickly.”

  “We have long been your friends, Bori,”
Jane entreated the chief as the men paced
away on their errand. “Is it just that you
kill us in such an inhuman way?”

  Bori gazed at her unfeelingly. “Are your
lives more important than the honor of the
N’glana nation?”

  “They are more important than your
cheap little ambitions, Bori!” yelled Kirk,
and with a sweep of his hand that caught
the chief by surprise, he ripped the rifle
from Bori’s grasp. As he fired from a hip
position, the silenced muzzle made a
whooshing sound as he shot Bori squarely
in the head. Then he swung the gun at
the horde of remaining N’glanas.

  The shocked, stunned blacks fell back
before the fury of his noiseless fire. But
it was only momentary. Their rifles came
up, and Kirk knew that he and Jane were
to be slaughtered by a fusillade from which
there was no escape.
THE JUNGLE OF

  Yet not one shot was fired, for, as if
by an incredible miracle, the firelighted
compound suddenly became alive with
streaking arrows. N’glanas fell one upon
another as feathered shafts skewered their
black bodies. Those who survived strove to
fight back against this menace from the
jungle grove that partially circled the settle-
ment. But they could not shoot against an
enemy they could not see. Nor could they
protect themselves in the open, fire-bright
compound.

  Jane clung terrified to Kirk as the com-
pound turned into a welter of bodies—a
place made more terrible by the frenzied
cries of the N’glanas who sought to flee
from a doom from which there was no
escape. And where every man had fallen,
a large company of Guntali warriors—their
war-bows still in their grasp — emerged
from the jungle grove.

  King Bwalla was among them. He came
up abjectly before Kirk, bowing his head
to him in shame.

  “I am a pig in thy sight, Bwana,” he
said. “If it were not for the hand of Nyua
that gave you the chance to escape my
kraal, I would have sacrificed the body of
a friend to the Ceremony of Fire.”

  “You atoned for all that by saving me
from the hands of these mad N’glanas,”
Kirk responded.

  “Rage brought me here—not a desire
to aid you,” Bwalla said. “After you
escaped and the men returned to our kraal,

CHARRED CORPSES

75

I reasoned that you would set out here to
gain the aid of Bwana Grimm. I led my
men here, and we arrived as Bori and you
came into this firelighted compound. We
were about to overwhelm you when Bori
spoke and revealed his evil work. And the
soundless, flaming spear you snatched from
his hand proved that the deaths of my
hunters was caused by Bori — not by a
white-man demon. So I signaled my men
to slay all but these and thy golden-haired
wife.”

  He touched Kirk in the Guntali gesture
of reverence.

  “I have learned the one great truth,
Bwana, that you are still our brother
and that white man works are good. Your
enemies henceforth will be our enemies,
and Tembu-Loma will prosper in peace. I
swear it by the name of holy Nyua.”

  “It will be so,” solemnly nodded Kirk.

  Thus it was, when dawn began streaking
the eastern sky, that Kirk and Jane trekked
their solitary way through the jungle fast-
ness toward the main trail that would lead
them back to their settlement and home.
Though the horror and bitterness of their
experiences still clung to them, they both
were conscious of a feeling of contentment.

  The greed and petty ambitions of ruth-
less men had won them the complete
friendship of the Guntalis. It gave promise
of a lasting peace in Tembu-Loma and the
ultimate conquest of its virgin wilderness.

  They had never asked for more than that.
BLACK MAHOGANY

By DON CUSHMAN

A fortune in black wood—for any man with skin tough enough to shed
barbed arrows whose stomach could hold poisoned drinks without shrivel-
ing; whose heart was cold enough to resist treacherous Seeva, the dancing
girl. A treasure in black mahogany—for Armless O’Neil—if he could live

long enough to take it.

SIESTA TIME, and Coquilhatville
bleached in the equatorial sun.
Nothing moved along its rammed-
earth streets. Even the chickens, scrawny
African birds of which Coquilhatville must
have owned a hundred thousand, had
ceased their interminable scratching to
crouch with bills wide in every patch of
shade. It was the time of day when things
stood still, life suspended—when even the
officials of the Colonial Administration
stopped cursing the bureaucrats of Leopold-
ville and slept in long reed chairs.

  The sound of a riverboat whistle, vibrat-
ing flatly over the fly drone of the after-
noon, at first produced no quiver of life.
Finally, the insect-proof door of l’Hotel
Cambyse swung open, and a man appeared.

  He was white, or perhaps “Caucasian”
would be the word for him, as the tropic
suns of three continents had long since
turned his skin the hue of a bronze
Buddah. He was under average in height,
more than average in breadth, and from
the left sleeve of his wrinkled linen jacket
protruded a steel hook which flashed in
the sun as he walked along.

  As nearly anyone from Cairo to the
Cape could tell you, this picturesquely ugly
man was Armless O’Neil.

  Armless O’Neil sighted the steamboat,
its size distorted by the heat waves which
rebounded from the Congo, and judged
his speed so their arrival at the dock
exactly coincided.

  The boat cut her paddle, swung in a
gentle arc against the current, and shiv-
ered to rest against the fermenting timbers.
A Senegalese tied her fast, and the plank
banged ashore. O’Neil impatiently scanned
the passengers.

  Fifteen alighted — two Belgian clerks

76

home from a celebration in Leopoldville,
or the more voluptuous dives of Brazza-
ville across The Pool, a woman missionary
whose skin was just recovering from the
peeling stage, and twelve assorted natives.

  O'Neil cursed. Due to the proximity of
the woman missionary he confined his
profanity strictly to German, Egyptian and
Congoese. When the woman looked at him
with a little surprise he tipped his sun
helmet and said:

  “Excuse me.”

  “Yes?” She evidently thought he had a
question, so he asked:

 “Madame, was there a young man
named Tommy Huston aboard?”

  “I’m not certain. What did he . . . ”
“He’s a dissolute, ne’er - do - well fiddle
player who hit Cairo with a Yankee dance
band seven years ago and never got home.
He’s a braggart and a liar, and he has
delusions of being the Don Juan of Dakar
and all points east.”

  “No!” she answered a trifle huffily.
"I’m certain there’s no such person
aboard.”

  O’Neil cursed in choice Spanish and
started back up the street. Instead of going
to the hotel, he turned and followed a
board sidewalk which led, by a series of
apparently purposeless curves, to a much-
added-to structure with a red sheet-metal
roof. The sign over the door of this place
had long since been corroded a grayish
blank by the tropics’ inevitable fungus, but
the stale wine odor which emanated was
sufficient to indicate its character.

  He passed through a screened veranda
to the interior which was long, and dim,
and cluttered with tables. Two persons
were in sight — an insignificant little
Englishman who sat disconsolately at a
There was a mighty, vibrating roar, and the roadbed rocked beneath them.

77
78	JUNGLE

side table, and a native who slept on the
floor. A breeze from some remote recess
of the building felt actually cool, so O’Neil
took a place in the breath of it, and waited.
When no one appeared, he beat on the
table with his hook arm.

  “Cognac!” he shouted.

   The proprietor, a tall Moroccan, sat up
in his hammock behind the bar and took
note of the one-man uproar.

  Said O’Neil, “Feisal, you dog of a be-
liever, how does an Irish Catholic get
himself service in this heathen sump-
hole?”

€<T?EISAL,” whose name was actually

  Jl Mohammed Kadir, approached softly
on tennis shoes and bowed with the Mos-
lem salute.

   “Master! Your thirst must be the thirst
of ten thousand martyrs that you knock
chips from my costly tables during the hour
of rest.”

  “To hell with you,” said O’Neil. “And
to hell with your tables, too. Bring me
cognac. French cognac—and ice.”

  “Ice! Behold, he asks for ice! These
six days we have had not a fragment, and
now they say it must be twelve days more
until that unblessed camshaft of your infidel
freezing machine has its bearings brazed
in Leopoldville—”

   “I’ll settle for cognac and a bottle of
water.”

  Mohammed bowed, backing toward the
bar.

  “And make sure it’s French. Get it,
French!”

  When the cognac came it was cheap
Spanish. O’Neil tasted it, and spat.

  “This is no cognac!”

  “Behold the label, it says—”

  O’Neil threatened with his hook. “Call
this cognac, this kerosene—”

  “Ten thousand prayers, Master. I am
your slave, but ...” Mohammed spread
his hands helplessly. “What with the new
administrator, the duties, the taxes. It
used to be one complained of malaria and
ants. Now it is taxes, malaria and ants.
May a curse rest on that dog of an admin-
istrator through the ninety and nine cities
of hell for bringing on us this plague of
taxes.”

  O’Neil poured himself a drink and was
contemplating it when he noticed the little

STORIES

Englishman approaching from his side
table.

  “Excuse me,” the Englishman said
apologetically, “but I happened to overhear
your conversation with the proprietor, and
it just so happens that I have a bottle of
good whisky.” He opened an alligator-skin
valise and drew out a tall bottle. “I don’t
drink strong liquor myself, but I do carry
some for medicine.”

  “Bushmill’s!” gasped O’Neil. “Sit down,
Mr.—”

  “Wentworth. Elwood Wentworth.”
  “O’Neil.”

  They shook hands.

  “Believe me, Mr. Wentworth, you should
never prefer water to whisky here in the
tropics. Without whisky the whites would
never hold out through the next rainy
season.”

  “You’ve been here a long time?”

  “Too damned long!”

  “Then you’re perhaps familiar with the
concessions.”

  “A few.”

  “Now, mahogany—”

  “Never knew a man who made a paper
franc in it.”

  “Oh dear!” said Mr. Wentworth.

  “Say, you haven’t been sucked in on a
mahogany deal!”

  “It isn’t quite that ...”

  O’Neil disposed of one glass of Bush-
mill’s and poured another. “Mr. Went-
worth, just settle back and tell me all
about it.”

  Mr. Wentworth breathed deeply after the
manner of a careful man beginning a
lengthy story.

  “It all started when Uncle Geoffrey
came to visit me at my flat in Chatham.
Chatham is near London. Quiet, you
understand, but just the place for a rest.
I’m not married you know, never hav-
ing—”

  “Sure,” said O’Neil.

  “Uncle Geoffrey said it would be an
ideal place for him to get over some tropical
fever that he called the ‘the blackwater.’
Not that I minded at all, you understand.
It was rather nice having someone around
when I got through at the office, even
though he did borrow money from me.”
“Sure,” O’Neil encouraged him, pouring
Bushmill’s.

  “Finally, though, he got to borrowing
BLACK MAHOGANY	79

quite a bit, and what was worse, he spent
it all on liquor. And—well, to be frank,
Mr. O’Neil, Uncle Geoffrey took to seeing
things.”

  “Snakes?”

  “Yes, and worse. Oh, I’ll tell you we
had some interesting times, especially when
Uncle Geoffrey saw the crocodiles.”

  “I can imagine.”

  “I hate to say it, but it was almost a
mercy when he passed away. . . . But
before he did, he gave me something.”
“A deed to the concession?”

  “Well, a sixty per cent share, which was
all of Bondele that he owned. But there
was something else.”

MR. WENTWORTH opened his
valise again, this time pulling out a
little wooden box. Ingeniously fitted to-
gether and hinged without a screw or peg,
it was obviously the product of African
craftsmen. Its surface had been smoothed
down by ese leaves, and rubbed with goats’
wool until it had an oily luster of. great
beauty. One of the most striking features
of the box, however, was its color.
Although its peculiar, interlocking fiddle-
back grain stamped it as African mahogany,
it was darker than most ebony. O’Neil
lifted the cover and glanced inside. It
contained a dried bat’s wing.

  “Gri-gri?” he asked.

  “Yes. It was his charm against the ‘devil
of disease,’ as he called it.” Mr. Went-
worth was a trifle breathless. “Did you
notice'the drill hole? That’s where a wood
dealer in London tested to see if the color
was solid throughout. He said that natural
mahogany of that color is worth a—”
“Mr. Wentworth! If you could lumber
any amount of heartwood of this quality,
you’d be rich. Now, this cedrelas—that’s
what it is, of course, no true mahogany
grows in Africa — this cedrelas naturally
runs from red to orange, but give it a
soaking in dilute sulphuric acid, dry it,
give it a shot of copperas and ammonia.
Result?—-wood black like this box.”
“Then you don’t think any wood like
this grows on the concession?”

  “Not a sliver!”

  “Oh my!” said Mr. Wentworth, almost
in tears.

  “The best thing you could do is go
home.”

  “But I do so hate to leave without even
going out to visit Bondele!”

  “Hoven’t you even been out to the con-
cession?”

  “I started. I hired four natives to pad-
dle me there in a dugout canoe, and—”
Mr. Wentworth leaned across the table,
“When we were only a few miles beyond
Chapleauville, somebody shot a poisoned
arrow at me!”

  O’Neil cleared his throat. “Mr. Went-
worth. You haven’t been taking atabrine
to ward off the fever, have you?”

  Mr. Wentworth started to answer, but
instead he dug once again into the con-
tents of the alligator-skin valise. With a
triumphant movement he unrolled a strip
of wrapping paper and allowed an arrow
to fall to the table. It was the regular
native article, about eighteen inches long,
tipped with a triangular trade barb, the
forward portion of the shaft smeared with
a black, viscous substance resembling coffee
extract.

  O’Neil sniffed the black stuff. “What
then ?”

  “Well, naturally, I turned back. When

I	reached Chapleauville I hired some
natives to deliver a message to Uncle
Geoffrey’s partner telling him I was there,
and that I wanted him to send his launch.
Three weeks I waited without receiving
an answer, so I came back here.” He
tapped the table impressively. “Now, the
question is, why didn’t he send for me?”
“Drunk,” yawned O’Neil. “Or dead.
You’d be surprised what little trouble it
is to die in Africa.”

  “Well, the old partner is dead. Mr.
Ladue. He sold out to Mr. Marinez.”
“Pablo Marinez, the Portugee ?”

  “Yes.”

  “Go home to Chatham. Go by the next
boat. I, wouldn’t have Marinez for a part-
ner if you gave me all the gold in
Jo-han.”

  “Oh dear!” said Mr. Wentworth.

  In the midst of the little man’s despair,
the insect-proof door squeaked open and
slapped shut. A tall young man strode
across the room.

  “O’Neil!”

  “Tommy!” cried O’Neil, forgetting the
quandary of Mr. Wentworth. “I was down
to meet the boat, but there were you ?”
“Sorry,” grinned Tommy, “but my siesta
80

wasn’t quite complete when we docked.

  When the greetings were over, O’Neil
became stern.

  “What’s this about you making that
Cape Town jail?”

  Tommy dismissed the Cape Town jail
with a snap of his fingers and sniffed the
Bushmill’s. “A-a-h!”

  O’Neil shouted, “Feisal! — another
glass!” Then: “We have this fine liquor
through the courtesy of Mr. Wentworth.
Tommy Huston, meet Mr. Wentworth.”
“Mr. Wentworth, I’m glad to meet you!”
exclaimed Tommy as though meeting Mr.
Wentworth had been his lifelong ambi-
tion.

  “Now, what was it about that Cape
Town jail?” asked O’Neil.

  “Oh, that! You see, I started back to
the States just like I promised when you
staked me, but I ran into a Dutchman by
the name of Van Ruh, and he had an idea.
We start a mining concern, sneak into
Namaqualand, and wait for the government
to run us out. Then we carry it to the
courts. Publicity, see? If the stockholders
in the diamond monopoly ever found out
about the tons of stones lying around in
Namaqualand, boom ! to hell goes the stock.
Result — the monopoly doesn’t want the
publicity so they buy us off.”

  “Legal blackmail!” moaned O’Neil.
“Well, what went wrong?”

“That damned Van Ruh turned yellow
and skipped, leaving me in that jail.”
Wishing to change the subject, Tommy
examined the little box. “What’s this?”
O’Neil told him.

  “Mahogany?” gasped Tommy. “Black?
Cripes, Mr. Wentworth, do you know what
this stuff is worth?”

  “Mr. O’Neil has just convinced me it’s
not worth much of anything.”

  Sternly, “O’Neil, you have the gall to
describe me as a blackmailer while all the
time you’re drinking this good man’s liquor
and trying to talk him out of his
mahogany!”

  “Tommy, listen! You take this cedrelas,
dry it, soak it in sulphuric acid, dry it
again, give it a shot of copperas and am-
monia. It turns black. Simple.”

  “Simple! It’s idiotic. Sulphuric acid
and copperas!” Tommy poured another
drink. “Mr. Wentworth, you’re a fortunate
man I happened in just when I did. Not

that O’Neil’s a crook—he’s just plain
dumb. Never sees business possibilities
in things. Now tell me where this black
wood came from.”

  Mr. Wentworth told. When he had fin-
ished Tommy nodded:

  “Sure! They shoot poisoned arrows at
you. Why, Mr. Wentworth? I’ll tell you
why! This Marinez fellow has probably
murdered Ladue, and now he’s trying to
drive you away so he can hog the black
mahogany all for himself.”

  O’Neil said, “Tommy, you’re not doing
the little guy any favor when you talk that
way. A stray arrow, a wood process job,
mix it up with two shots of liquor and
bingo!—you’re the mahogany king of the
Belgian Congo.”

II

TOMMY’S eyes chanced to rove to the
scars which O’Neil’s hook had carved
in the table top. The table was mahogany,
and where the fresh wood was exposed it
was almost as dark as the wood of the
box.

  “Where’d this mahogany come from?”
he asked Mohammed.

  “Perhaps from above Chapleauville.
Beyond that I cannot say.”

  Tommy whacked the table. “Above
Chapleauville! That’s where the conces-
sion is located, and that settles it!”

  Mr. Wentworth spent the next minutes
doing some thinking. At last he spoke:
“I’m a trifle helpless, all by myself. My
experience, you see. Now, if I had some
partners. Experienced ones—”

  “Mr. Wentworth, you’re not asking us
to go in on the deal?”

  “Well, if you didn’t mind. I’d gladly
relinquish half my interest, that is, for a
small consideration. . . .”

  “Sold!” said Tommy. “How much do
you want?”

  “Well, I already have better than a
hundred pounds in the venture. Including
what I lent to Uncle Geoffrey it would be
close to two hundred. But I’ll part with
half my sixty per cent for, say—do you
think one-hundred twenty-five pounds
would be exorbitant?”

  Tommy waved a careless hand. “A hun-
dred and twenty-five she is. Just put it
in writing.”

JUNGLE STORIES

        »
BLACK MAHOGANY	81

  Mr. Wentworth put it in writing.
Tommy held out his palm to O’Neil.

  “Would you mind lending me my half
till a later date?”

  “To hell with you,” said O’Neil.
“O’Neil, doesn’t friendship mean any-
thing to you?”

  “Sure. But not a hundred and twenty-
five pounds sterling. Listen, Tommy, you
fiddle-playing fat-head, you’ve put me over
the riffles for the last time. Oh, I have
the dough all right. I’ve got four thou-
sand francs right here in my moneybag,
but it’s not going to be used to pay off
Uncle Geoffrey’s whisky debts. I’m using
it to get out of this stinking country. I’m
going to take it back to good old Chicago
and open me a billiard parlor.”

  “A poolroom?” asked Tommy as though
nauseated.

  “A poolroom.”

  Tommy said, “Go home, Mr. Went-
worth. To hell with you and your million-
dollar mahogany. It wouldn’t pay out.
Labor’s too high. Ten cents a day.
Besides, O’Neil gets itchy between the
shoulderblades when he thinks of poisoned
arrows. And he doesn’t want to tangle
with Marinez, either. No, he’d rather be
snug and safe in Chi playing Kelly-pool.”
O’Neil cursed and banged down a fist-
ful of Belgian treasury notes. “I’ll pay
ninety pounds and not a damned cent
more.”

  “Of course, if that’s all it’s worth. . .
“It’s a hell of a lot more than it’s worth!”
shouted O’Neil. . . .

  At one time the Department of Colonies
poured many millions of francs into devel-
opment of the Ncimbo River country. It
built docks, and lorry roads, and even a
hundred and fifty kilometers of narrow-
gauge railroad lines, hoping thus to
encourage the production of rubber, palm
nuts and mahogany. But that had been
fifteen or twenty years before, and when
Armless O’Neil, Tommy Huston and Mr.
Wentworth rode up the Ncimbo in a dug-
out canoe, little evidence of the Colonial
Department’s enterprise remained.

  Now and then they would pass a frag-
ment of dock jutting into the sluggish cur-
rent, or a metal-roofed shed making its
last stand against rust, fungus and ter-
mites. And then the jungle would close

6—Jungle Stories—Spring

in, its great trees arching beneath their
weight of parasitic vines, and the royal
expenditure would seem puny indeed.

  The town of Chapleauville, nearest trad-
ing post to the Bondele concession, also
seemed to be losing in its struggle against
the jungle. Once a week, they were told,
the town was enlivened by the departure
of the tea-kettle locomotive which made a
fifty-kilometer run along the weavy road-
bed of a narrow-gauge to conform with
colonial regulation, but this did not take
place during the day they spent there.

  Above Chapleauville, Mr. Wentworth
became extremely jumpy. A dozen times
he sat straight with apprehension and
said:

  “Gentlemen, it was in a place just like
this! I was sitting, just like I am right
now, when suddenly there was a flash!
—and the next instant that poisoned arrow
was quivering in the side of the canoe.”

  And each time he said this, O’Neil would
look so magnificently bored that Mr. Went-
worth almost hoped somebody would shoot
a poisoned arrow, and that that arrow
would come very, very close to O’Neil.
However, nothing of the sort happened,
and early the next morning they arrived
at Bondele.

DURING the boom days of mahogany,
Bondele had been prosperous. Its
resident manager lived regally in a large
plantation house with three wives of the
Ngelewa tribe, while three hundred black
men labored in mill and cutting grounds.
But now the shrubbery of the jungle grew
rank in the roadway which led.from the
crumbling dock to the plantation build-
ings, and herds of elephants had trampled
fences and garden plots.

  O’Neil spent half an hour poking through
buildings, examining the old squaring mill,
the coils of wire rope now mostly brittle
with rust, the little locomotive which sat
on a spur of the Chapleauville line, and
the Caterpillar which, praise Allah, had
been covered with an oiled tarp.

  “Hello there!” O’Neil shouted over and
over, trying to raise the caretaker, if one
existed. His only answer came from a
black Ngila monkey which scolded him
from the balcony of the plantation house.

  Mr. Wentworth was at his wits end to
explain the abandonment. “Mr, Marinez
82	JUNGLE

must be here some place. He wouldn’t

just pick up and go alter buying Mr.
Ladue’s interest.”

  “Why not ? I slapped ninety pounds
into this rust heap, and Fd like to pick
up and go.”

  Tommy said, “Can’t you see you’re hurt-
ing Mr. Wentworth’s feelings?”

  “To hell with Mr. Wentworth’s feel-
ings, and to hell with you, too.”

  While they were speaking, seven men
came in sight where the railroad spur
entered the jungle. They advanced single
file between the rails, the sunlight flashing
from the metal of the guns they carried,
and from the tips of cartridges in the belts
which were slung across their naked shoul-
ders.

  The man in the lead was a gigantic
Senegalese with a heavy boned face, and
eyes dull and savage as a great ape’s.
Unlike the others, he did not wear the
common, native hodge-podge of clothing.
This fellow wore a sun helmet, a linen shirt
without buttons, linen trousers, and a pair
of sandals that might have walked out of
the Old Testament.

  O’Neil greeted him in Senegalese, but
he did not choose to answer. All he did
was move his high-powered rifle around
to the crook of his arm and keep advancing.
He stopped at a distance of a dozen paces
with his men ranged on either side.

  “What you doin’ on thees groun’?” he
asked in an accent both African and
French.

  “We own it,” answered O’Neil serenely.
  “Senior Marinez, he’s own thees.”

  “All right, take us to Senor Marinez.”
  “Me, Motala take you?”

  “Yes, you splay-footed son of a jack-
ass!” screamed O’Neil.

  Making a ceremony of the movement,
Motala released the safety of the rifle.

  “Perhaps you theenk Senor Marinez
does not want I should shoot men who
come snooping on his concession ?” He
drew a bead on O’Neil’s temple, and
then, a little reluctantly, he lowered the
rifle. “Nex’ time I will fire. It is my
word, and Motala keep his word.” He
smiled, not pleasantly, showing his strong
teeth. Like all natives, he gloried in hav-
ing big talk against a Caucasian. He
whacked the stock of the rifle contemptu-
ously, “Not that I need thees rifle. Not

STORIES

me, who was champion wrestler of all
Senegal!” He was bragging and rolling
his muscles for the benefit of the natives
who made up his little army.

  O’Neil spat. “Call that muscle? Come
here, oh infidel pig, and lay your woman’s
hand on an arm that could twist otf your
neck like a cockerel’s.”

  Motala came forward, but only a step or
two. He stood looking at the sleeve of
O’Neil’s shirt with the muscle flexing be-
neath it. Suddenly Tommy’s laugh broke
the tight-drawn silence:

  “Behold the coward, O mighty O’Neil!
He dares not feel your muscle, knowing he
will be proved a weakling.”

MOTALA had no other course, so he
swaggered forward and reached for
O’Neil’s bicep, but when he came within
range O’Neil’s hook arm traveled in a short
arc connecting with Motala’s fingers where
they bent around the gun.

  Motala let the rifle fall and staggered
backward, sucking his carved fingers.
Then, with a bellow of rage, he charged.

  Now, when Motala charged, it was in-
evitable that his opponent retreated. It
had always been thus, and he came to
expect it. But O’Neil was not the retreat-
ing kind. On the contrary, he advanced a
step. This apparently insane action threw
Motala off balance. It took him a moment
to set himself for the mighty blow he had
intended. He let it go, but O'Neil was
inside.

  Motala was a set-up for an uppercut,
but O’Neil didn’t throw it. Instead, his
hook arm found the opening at the front
of Motala’s linen trousers. There was a
whir of buttons, and the trousers fluttered
around his feet.

  Motala tried for one of his wrestler’s
holds, but O’Neil was out and away.

  “Thrice son of a goat, thy pants are
drooping!”

  Motala’s pants tangled and he sprawled
across the termite-eaten railroad ties.
O’Neil tromped on his fingers. Motala
kicked his way out of the trousers, but
by that time O’Neil had him covered with
the rifle.

  Awed by the manner in which O’Neil
had handled their leader, the natives fled
and no shouting from Motala could stop
them. “Now take us to this Marinez!”
BLACK MAHOGANY

commanded O’Neil, moving rifle slightly,
Motala looked down the barrel and
caused no further trouble.

  f-ILO,” Marinez’s plantation house,
V_> was about five kilometers distant.
It was a large place, white painted, with
a double veranda around all four sides.
At the far edge of the clearing were forty
or fifty thatch and mud huts, and down
by the dock were three metal-covered
warehouses in excellent repair. A path of
white-washed cobbles led through the well-
trimmed garden to the house.

  It was siesta time, and nobody was
around. In the shade of the veranda the
Senegalese stopped and the prodding of
the rifle would make him go no further.

83

  “Senor Marinez will see no one during
the hour of siesta.”

  “Marinez!” bellowed O’Neil. “Marinez,
come out here!”

  There was movement in the deep shade
of the interior, the sound of footsteps on
a matted floor, and a hook-nosed man of
indeterminate Near-East blood came out to
look at O’Neil and his companions with
black, suspicious eyes.

  “Shemeshal — these men — ” Motala
started, but the hook-nosed man quieted
him with an impatient gesture. He turned
to O’Neil and said:

  “You are Welcome to the house of
Marinez.” The greeting disposed of, he
spoke sharply in Senegalese, “Motala, why
in the name of the Prophet do you bring

O’Neil came down on the Senegalese with the hook.
84	JUNGLE

these men here at this hour? And what
is that hook-armed one doing with the
rifle I purchased you at the cost of twelve
hundred francs?”

  When Motala hesitated, O’Neil an-
swered, “Your man got a little careless
with it so I took it away from him, and
he brought us here because I kept its
muzzle in his back. Now call Marinez.”
“You must wait!” said the man called
“Shemeshal,” switching once again to
English. “This is siesta time, and—”
“Marinez, damn you, come here!” bel-
lowed O’Neil, hammering at the door
casing with his hook arm.

  Shemeshal lifted his shoulders in an
Arabian shrug, which is perhaps the high-
est shrug on earth. Motala started to
withdraw.

  “Your gun!” called O’Neil, tossing the
rifle.

  Motala caught it, and stood there, look-
ing at O’Neil with his hate-filled, unintel-
ligent eyes. “We will meet again, hook
arm, and when—”

  “Go!” cried Shemeshal.

  O’Neil kept hammering, “Marinez!
Marinez!”

  In half a minute or so Marinez came
around the veranda, walking in the rolling
manner which is so common with big
men in the tropics. He was not bad look-
ing, perhaps when young he had been
handsome. His mustache was carefully
trimmed, his hair clipped close to remove
all traces of gray. His skin was oily, ex-
tremely brown, and spotted a little from
the prevalent tropic liver complaint.

  “Who raises the dead by calling my
name?” he asked. Then, seeing O’Neil,
“You! I remember you, and your hook
arm. Wait, do not tell me! Marinez, lie’s
never forget a name nor a face. It was
on the steamboat Dobondau. We play
cards. Armless O’Neil—the same?”

  “The same,” grinned O’Neil, and they
shook hands. He introduced the others,
and Marinez made them welcome.

  “You perhaps came over from Uganda?”
he asked hopefully.

  “No.”

He expelled his breath in a manner which
could have indicated disappointment.
“But forgive! It is the host’s duty to
pour brandy, not make the question, no?”
From the upper veranda they had a

STORIES

good view of the plantation. There was
another clearing with more huts, several
acres of cassava patch, and older fields
now grown up to ochilla weed. Across the
river on rising ground was an area of
small parks where, at one time or other,
rubber trees had been planted in rows.

  The veranda, and the portion of the
interior which could be seen, was excel-
lently furnished after the ornate East.
“Nice place,” remarked O’Neil.

  Marinez nodded acknowledgment, and
poured brandy and soda. “What was it
about Motala ?” he asked. “Did I not hear
you had some trouble with that dull-witted
Senegalese ?”

  “He tried to run us off our concession.”
  “Your concession?”

  “Bondele. We’re the new owners. Your
partners, I should say.”

MR. WENTWORTH spoke up,
“Surely you received the messages I

sent!”

  “Please! I know of no message. No
partner, except Geoffrey Clifton—”

  “He was my uncle. When he died he
willed me this interest, and I sold half of
it to these gentlemen.”

  “Dead! Alas, what is it you English
say ? — ‘here yesterday, gone tomorrow.
Gentleman, may I propose a toast—”
O’Neil lifted his glass, “Here’s to Uncle
Geoffrey and his crocodiles!”

  “Ho! I do not get it, but it is good,
yes?” Marinez drank. “So, what do you
plan at Bondele ?”

  “To cut mahogany.”

  “Mahogany! Ah, senhors, there was once,
perhaps, money in mahogany, but the day
she is gone. You perhaps come with cap-
ital. So you spend it, and then you look
for more. Believe me, the jungles of the
Ncimbo drink money like the sands of
Sahara drink a man’s blood.”

  “You seem to be doing all right,” smiled
O’Neil.

  “Yes. But not in mahogany. With me
it is the palm nut and copal. You have
read the miracles performed by the Amer-
ican soap manufacturers with the palm
nut? The secret of Cleopatra’s perpetual
beauty. Imagine—and from our poor palm
nuts which the native used to spit away.”
After another drink, Marinez yawned.
“Even good brandy and better company
BLACK MAHOGANY	85

cannot deny me my rest. If it please you
there are hammocks on the south-east
veranda. Or if you prefer, liquor in the
cellar.”

Ill

O’NEIL slept for an hour, and arose
in the druglike heat of afternoon to
wander around the plantation buildings.
Although several months had passed since
high water—the only time when steam-
boats could navigate this far up the silt-
filled Ncimbo—there were only a couple
tons of palm nuts strewn across one of
the storehouse floors, and in a corner of
another a few sacks of “jackass” copal.
Any trader with a ten-thousand-franc stock
of trade goods would have accumulated a
dozen times the value in a season.

  “Last steamboat take away much palm
nuts, copal?” O’Neil asked a native whom
he roused.

  “Take little, bring much.”

  “Much what?”

  “What the Master use-—brandy, tin-can
food, big chair. Maybe nex’ time steam-
boat bring ice machine. So I hear. What
for is ice machine?”

  O’Neil tried to explain, “Ice. Hard
water, see? Cold. Put in whisky to give
bellyache.”

   “Ai-ai-ai!” cried the native, thinking of
the folly of the white man who brought
in a machine to make the bellyache.

  O’Neil went back to the house where he
found that Tommy had awakened and
had tracked down Marinez’s supply of
liquor.

  “It doesn’t add up,” O’Neil said, pour-
ing a drink for himself. “Now look at
this liquor — French, twenty years old.
Worth a hundred francs a liter. I’ll tell
you, Tommy, Marinez is in the deep dol-
lars.”

  “Sure. Palm nuts. The secret of
Cleopatra, remember ?”

  “Secret of Cleopatra be damned. He
hasn’t three tons of nuts on the place.
Last year he shipped next to nothing.
Yet, here he is pouring hundred - franc
brandy. And do you know what he’s bring-
ing in ?—an ice machine!”

  Tommy was thoughtful. “You don’t
suppose he has his hooks into the black
mahogany? He could be shipping it from

some place else. Making plenty, too.”
“It makes a man wonder,” admitted

O’Neil____

  Like many Portuguese, Marinez enter-
tained in the grand manner. After the
cool of night had settled, supper was served
beneath hanging lamps in a screened patio
at the center of the building. Food in-
cluded roasted kid, heaps of curried rice,
a native salad of plantain, banana and
boiled cassava drenched with palm-nut oil,
there was dessert of canned peaches—and
above all, liquor, liquor, and more liquor.

  Besides host and guests, Shemeshal was
there, silent, falcon-eyed. He ate little,
drank little and spoke little—but he list-
ened a great deal.

  After dinner Marinez leaned back in
his chair and asked, “What is your plan
at Bondele?”

  “Like I said, we plan to cut mahogany,”
answered O’Neil.

  “Friends. For two reasons you can make
no money: First the market she is very
bad. Second, only once a year can the
boat haul your wood away.”

  “We’ll raft it down.”

  “Not on the Ncimbo. It is too slow.
Sometimes, the native say, the Ncimbo she
flow backward. No, senhors, the mahogany
is no good.”

  “Then why did you buy Ladue’s inter-
est in Bondele?”

  “Because he was my friend, and he neeed
the money.”

  “I heard he needed money. Ladue had
a hard time keeping in liquor.”

  Marinez smiled to indicate he got the
direction of O’Neil’s remark. It had been
told from Coquilhatville to Nifowa how
Manrinez had kept Ladue drunk. He ele-
vated his feet, lighted an Habana cigar,
and looked at the stars enlarged by the
veil of mosquito netting as by a mist.

  “You know how it is with the white
man in our tropics, senhor. He comes
with great hopes to the new country. He
sees its fertility, the luxuriance like the
garden where Eve went naked, no?”
Marinez wafted a kiss from the tips of his
thick fingers at the thought of Eve going
naked. “Then, after one, maybe three
years, what ? The mosquito has laid the
drug in his blood. He takes quinine until
his teeth loosen and he hears bells in his
ears, or else he takes atabrine which softens
86	JUNGLE

the brain. It is hot. He sweats, but what
of that? Still the heat. He sleeps and
grows bored. The days are long. One
cannot sietesta forever, no? So he drinks.
At first half a bottle a day. Then a bottle,
two bottles. Time goes on, and he dies.
He is buried. In six months, a year, the
damp-rot has done its work and even his
bones they are gone. Then what is left?
Only a heap of old whiskey bottles to show
that a white man has come that way. Thus
the jungle, senhors.”

Marinez went on, “You are not rich,
no? Yes, it is as I guessed. But you are
my friends. I do not wish you should lose.”
“What are you getting at ?” asked O’Neil.
“It is that I will make the princely offer
for Bondele.”

“How much?”

  “Say—one hundred thousand francs.”
“Translate that into dollars and you have
three thousand. No.”

  Marinez smiled recklessly, “Generosity
and strong drink has made of me the fool.
Two hundred thousand francs!”

  “No.”

  “Ah, you are saving me the money.
Come, drink, senhor! The bottom is the
most beautiful part of the glass, is it not
so?”

THE drinks Marinez poured had been
very large, and now they became larger.
After a couple more he clapped his hands
for the servant and gave him a command
in a low voice. Soon three natives entered,
two carrying tom-toms and the third a
balafron. It took the balafron player a
while to set up, and as he worked Sheme-
shal became tense, staring at the beaded
hangings of a doorway with cobra-like
intensely.

  The “music” started with the tom-toms
being beaten in a peculiar rocking rhythm.
After a while the balafron came in, but
with different time than the tom-toms.
This, combined with its minor melody,
giving to the whole a weird, oscillating
effect.

  The beaded hangings of the doorway
lifted, and a woman came into the patio,
her feet moving in a creeping, half-dancing
step.

  She was beautiful. Her profile was
Egyptian, her complexion of the upper
Nile. Her teeth flashed white against the

STORIES

painted red of her lips. Her body was
strong and full of womanly suggestion be-
neath the webby veil of silk she wore.

  Mr. Wentworth leaned forward holding
his breath; Tommy whistled in low key and
finished his drink; Shemeshal’s eyes were
bright, his nostrils distended, Marinez
leaned back in his chair and smiled with
owner’s pride, and O’Neil was inscrutable.

  The girl danced slowly, her muscles flow-
ing with feline grace. It was the leop-
ard dance of the White Nile. Her feet
moved with the rhythm of the tom-
toms, while her arms and body followed
the balafron. Despite this, there was unity
in her dance, like melody and counter-
melody in symphonic composition.

  By minute degrees the dance mounted
in intensity. The girl smiled, contemplative,
breathless through clenched teeth.

  Suddenly the broken rhythm ceased. The
balafron and tom-toms strode forward in
unison. The girl’s small, creeping move-
ments vanished. She danced swiftly around
the table, whirling, pausing momentarily at
the close of each revolution to impart an
oscillating effect to her silken veil.

  Faster and faster beat the time. The eye
could not follow the hands of the beaters so
fast they went, and the girl danced, mount-
ing to the tempestuous moment which, in
the leopard dance, signifies the kill. Her
veils were a multi-colored blur mingled with
the brown skin of her body.

  Shemeshal, breathless, leaned forward at
the edge of his chair. A strange trans-
formation had come over his face. No
longer inscrutable, his lips were twisted
with passion, his eyes were wide with vast
amounts of white showing, the muscles of
his neck were knotted as though by
catalepsy.

  With a final thunder the tom-toms
stopped. The girl whirled to the last plinks
of the belafron, cried sharply in an unknown
tongue, and beat her palms overhead. The
dance was over, and for the first time she
looked at the men around the table.

  Marinez shouted, “Ho! you like Seeva,
my dancing girl?”

  “Cripes!” exhaled Tommy.

  Seeva came over, her lithe, brown body
glowing with suggestion. She looked at
each man, at Shemeshal least of all, and,
scarcely breathing hard from her exertion,
roosted on, the table carelessly swinging
BLACK MAHOGANY

87

one leg. She lit a cigarette, inhaled to the
last cubic inch of her lungs, and looked
down on Tommy with eyes as soft as an
antelope’s. Tommy lifted his glass to
drink, but leaning quickly across she seized
his wrist and tilted the glass to her own
lips.

  “I have seen you some place, yes?” she
asked.

  “Me?”

  “You have perhaps seen the dancing girls
at Bushneveld?”

  “I never saw a girl like you before,”
Tommy said fervently.

  O’Neil growled, “Seeva, get your elbow
out of my brandy.”

  She regarded O’Neil and asked Tommy,
“Thees ugly hook-arm man, he is friend
of yours?”

  “I put up with him,” Tommy apologized.
O’Neil said, “Take it easy, Tommy-lad,
or I’ll pack you up and ship you back to
Coquilhatville.”

  “Now I have heem, you will not take
heem away!” cried Seeva, accidentally
knocking over Shemeshal’s brandy so that
it spilled in his lap. Shemeshal did not
seem to notice. He just stared at her.

  “You bet he won’t take me away,” agreed
Tommy. Then, in his best Don Juan style,
“Did anybody ever tell you you were beau-
tiful, baby?”

  “Oh Allah!” moaned O’Neil.

  Seeve took Tommy by the hand and
drew him away. “Come weeth me. I
weel show you the stars that shine on
Bushneveld . .

  “Tommy, watch your step,” warned
O’Neil, and-he wasn’t fooling.

  Tommy hesitated. He freed his hand
to pour another drink.

  Marinez laughed. “Come! Let us all
drink, senhors!”

  He stood a trifle drunkenly with his back
against a potted shoe palm which was kept
in the patio for its supposed power against
yellow fever.

  “Come!—see how beautiful is the bot-
tom of the glass. You, Senhor O’Neil!
Why do you not drink ? Oh-ho ! You
perhaps fear for j^our young friend ? Why
do you not say, ‘Go! We are children
twice, but we have youth but once ?’ ”
O’Neil watched while Seeva and Tommy
strolled to the cool starlight of the veranda.
When he looked back Marinez’s glass was

  empty. Empty—though he knew it had
never been lifted to his lips.

  “Come, up with the bottom!” roared
Marinez.

  “Sure!” O’Neil answered. He walked
to the pot which held the shoe palm and
emptied the drink.

  Suddenly Marinez was no longer tipsy.
He licked his thick lips and spoke in a rather
husky voice,

  “Believe me, senhor, I am sorry. As
you see, I have had enough. Still the host
must drink with guests, no?” He lifted
his shoulders expressively. “And that is
why I poured the drink away.”

  “Sure,” grunted O’Neil, his face the old
Buddah mask.

  Marinez, recognizing the nature of
O’Neil’s suspicion, strode to the table and
lifted high the brandy bottle.

 “You suspect—many things. Dope?
Poison? But watch!”

He poured a brimming gobletful and
took it in one magnificent gulp. He poured
another and downed that, and still another.
At the end he inhaled with a mighty gasp.
“See! I have prove myself, no?”

“Good drinking, Marinez,” said O’Neil.
Conversation lagged for a while. Sheme-
shal watched the veranda without seeming
to be aware of anything that had happened.

MARINEZ broke the silence in a voice
which, for him, was singularly unani-
mated, “You are a suspicious man, O’Neil.
Your suspicion is always with you. It is
a way of life. You see, I am the judge of
character, no? You suspect me for pour-
ing liquor in my poor shoe palm. You
suspect that I kept my friend Ladue drunk
in order to gain his interest in Bondele.
But should not I have the suspicion, too?
Have you told all, senhor?”

  O’Neil watched Shemeshal capture a
dragonfly and calmly pull its legs out one by
one.

  Marinez cried, “Come, Senhor O’Neil,
what is it makes Bondele valuable?”
“Mahogany!”

  The bedrooms at Cilo were constructed
long and narrow, so they would connect
with both veranda and patio, thus allowing
a free passage of air. The beds were of
fresh linen stretched over wood frames,
and the mosquito net which hung from
the ceiling was filmy and newly starched.
88	JUNGLE

  “Ah!” sighed Tommy, trying out his bed.
“What did you and that dancing girl
talk about?” asked O’Neil.

  “Don’t snoop into my love life, and don’t
call Seeva a ‘dancing girl.’ ”

  “Answer my question before I wring
your scrawny neck.”

  “What did we talk about ? Oh, the stars,
the perfume of the askata flowers down in
the garden.”

  “What did she ask you about Bendele?”
O’Neil could tell by Tommy’s change
of expression that she had asked something
—and that he had told her something.

  “Lay off, O’Neil. Seeva’s a sweet kid.
Besides—and don’t laugh—I feel sorry for
her. That parrot-beaked Shemeshal has
the pants scared off from her.”

  “Did you mention the black mahogany?”
“For God’s sake! Marinez is bound to
find out as soon as we start lumbering any-
how. I can’t see what difference it makes.”
“Plenty. So long as he doesn’t know
what we’re after he’ll play along with us.
When he knows, he’ll try to tie us up like
he has every other concession along the
Ncimbo.”

  “Oh hum!” yawned Tommy, lighting a
smoke.

  A sound from the direction of Mr. Went-
worth’s room made them listen. A few
seconds later the little man rushed in. He
gulped a few times trying to speak.

  O’Neil said, “I can see it in your face.
You’ve been frisked.”

  “The black mahogany box—it’s gone!”
O’Neil seemed to have expected this.
His expression didn’t even change. He
just got up and led the way back to Mr.
Wentworth’s room. He looked around
without seeing anything of interest.

  “You and Tommy wait here till I get
back,” he said. “I’m going to have a look
around.”

O’NEIL was fairly certain someone was
watching him, so, to furnish an excuse
for his prowling, he went to the patio and
got the half bottle of brandy which had been
left on the table. He climbed back with it,
but instead of going to his room, he turned
a comer of the veranda, hooked one of the
supports, and swung quietly up to lie on
the thatched roof.

  He had been there only a minute or two
when Marinez walked by, humming a

STORIES

  popular tune. He went to his room. It
was quiet then, with no sound except the
night sounds of the jungle—the chatter of
night birds, the whir of insects, the un-
earthly cry of a carrion-hunting hyena.

  O’Neil lay on his side, looking at the
extremely brilliant universe of stars. He
remembered what Marinez had said early
that evening:

  “. . . The jungle, senhors! It is ugly
and hot—but it can be beautiful, too. The
single shaft of sunlight falling through the
roof of the great forest like a ray through
a broken chink in a cathedral window, the
quiet tread of a stalking leopard, the surge
of a great river, the flame throat of an
orchid which eats of death, the glittering
stars ...”

  Peculiar fellow, Marinez. Damned pe-
culiar . . .

  He heard someone moving softly around
the veranda. It was not a sound so much
as an almost imperceptible vibration, a sway
of the lightly built veranda. There was
quiet for a while, and then O’Neil noticed
it again. Soon there was a little sound
on the stairs, and a minute later he glimpsed
a white-clad form moving across the yard.
It was a man, but beyond that he could tell
nothing.

  “Have any visitors?” O’Neil asked
when he returned to Mr. Wentworth’s
room.

  “No,” Tommy answered.

  “Somebody had a visitor.”

  They went around the veranda and
glanced in O’Neil’s room. JIt was just as
he had left it. They looked in Tommy’s
room, and there, sticking its hilt in the
pillow, was an ebony-handled dagger.

  “Tommy,” said O’Neil, a smile twisting
his Buddha face, “you have been warned!”
O’Neil went to bed and snored. Tommy
rolled with nightmare and awoke cursing
Marinez’s liquor, while poor Mr. Went-
worth stared all night at the blackness of
his ceiling.

  When Mr. Wentworth arose, something
made him look once more through his
valise. There, in its old place beneath his
linen trousers, was the little mahogany
box. He couldn’t imagine when it had been
put back, and the more he wondered about
it, the more frustrated he became. He
showed up for breakfast hollow-eyed and
without appetite.
BLACK MAHOGANY

89

IV

((m HE Transcontinental Termite,” as
A the English have dubbed the nar-
row-gauge rail line which connects with
Chapleauville, consists of a “main line,”
sixty kilometers in length, and a collection
of spurs. The longest of these spurs is the
one running to Bondele. It is fifteen kilo-
meters long, and was put through jungle
and over swamp at no small expense.

  Although several years had passed since
the spur had been traveled, O’Neil found
it was still serviceable. However, Bon-
dele’s teakettle locomotive gave him more
doubt. After working on it for a week,
putting in longer hours than a white man
should, he scrubbed the grease from his
hands with a wad of waste and announced
to Bobolongonga, his helper, that the pis-
tons should work provided the boiler stood
pressure.

  Bolongonga, a magnificent black with
the most massive shoulders between Chap-
leauville and the rapids of Nkoi, agreed with
this as with all statements made by O’Neil.

  “Vari! You speak much true, Monsieur.
Sin! Your wisdom it is wise!” Bobo-
longonga was a traveled man, having
worked as a grease-monkey in one of the
Lake Keva froth-flotation mills. There he
had picked up many tongues of the white
man.

  “I am wise indeed,” said O’Neil. “And
I am strong, too. Behold! I could drive
this hook of mine through the very steel
of this boiler, and indeed I will drive it
through the skull of that ne’er-do-well
Tommy if he does not locate that black
mahogany, and very soon,”

  “Ay! ay!” chanted Bobolongonga who
took all of O’Neil’s statements at face value.
“Ay! you are il bonde-moke, you are un
grande nkoi!”

  “I am more than a leopard, Bobo-
longonga. I am also a K of P!”

  “Ay! Ay!” grinned Bobolongonga, rock-
ing to and fro with admiration.

  O’Neil was lucky to have Bobolongonga.
He was experienced in the ways of a
wrench, and furthermore he was willing,
even during siesta time, to work inside
the boiler of the locomotive which attained
heats no less than twelve degrees centigrade,
lower than a Vermont preacher’s hell—

  Then, when the long shadows came,
Bobolongonga shed his white pants which
were taboo in the presence of the fetish,
and disappeared into the bush. With dark-
ness the drums would start, tom-toms with
the high pitch of tight-drawn monkey skin,
down to the bass rumble of elephant hide.
To these Bobolongonga danced all night.

  One day O’Neil asked him when he slept,
and Bobolongonga rolled his eyes and an-
swered cryptically,

  “Ikete has much power!”

  The locomotive responded in a satisfac-
tory manner, and as a treat O’Neil took
Bobolongonga to Chapleauville and back.
But the combined skill of the two was un-
availing in the case of the Caterpillar.

  They tore it down, O’Neil analyzed its
trouble, then, after satisfying himself that
Tommy was not likely to turn up with any
of the black mahogany, he made another
run to Chapleauville. He laid around the
discouraged little town until he was lucky
enough to pick up a tiny missionary steamer
bound for Leopoldville.

  At Leopoldville he found repairs for the
Caterpillar, then, as he had a few days be-
fore the scheduled return of the missionary
boat, he took the railroad around the
cataracts to Matadi, From Matadi he
cabled the veneering firm of Anderson and
Berg in Stockholm, and received an answer
the same day assuring him they were in-
terested in cedrelas heartwood of Gaboon
quality, especially in the novelty grains
which were. not coming regularly from
Dakar these days. The price, dealing di-
rect, was half again better than selling to
commission merchants at Matadi, and
O’Neil, after computing costs, decided that
Bondele might actually operate at a profit.

  In the morning he received a second
cablegram from Anderson and Berg offier-
ing a premium of Gaboqn which showed
floral pattern, ribbon grain, or fiddleback
when quartersawed, provided logs were
cut in lengths not less than four meters, and
provided further than the logs were deliv-
ered in Stockholm not later than March
first. If O’Neil, as president of Bondele
Associates, Ltd., would sign an agreement
of delivery at Matadi’s Banque par Actions,
he would in the course of the next twenty-
four hours receive a cable draft for 3,000
guilders as evidence of Anderson and Berg’s
good faith.
90	JUNGLE

  O’Neil, who disliked agreements, de-
cided that 3,000 guilders would come in so
handy that he went straight to the Banque
par Actions and signed.

  When he finally got back to Leopoldville
the Mission boat had left without him. He
was another five days getting a steamboat
to Coquilhatville, and there he was reduced
to the extremity of hiring dugout canoes to
transport himself and his repair parts to
Chapleauville. Thus three weeks were con-
sumed before he ran the locomotive back
to Bondele.

HE expected some changes when he ar-
rived, but if anything the place was
more- overgrown and discouraged than ever.
Neither Tommy nor Mr. Wentworth were
around, but the big Senegalese, Motala,
was seated in a chair on the sagging
veranda, smoking one of O’Neil’s cigars.

  Motala did not look up when O’Neil
approached. He puffed phlegmatically and
stared off across the clearing. Perhaps his
eyelids drooped a trifle more balefully than
usual, but that was all.

  “Where’s Tommy?” O’Neil demanded.
Motala did not move, so O’Neil repeated,
“Where’s Tommy?”

  “Nis-enni,” he grunted.

  “When I ask in English, you answer in
English!”

  “You want heem, you fin’ heem.”
O’Neil reached out with his toe and
flipped the chair from under Motala who
struck with a heavy thud.

  Had any other person in all the Congo
done this thing, Motala would have twisted
the life from him with his bare hands. But
this was the man with the hook arm, so
Motala spat out his crumpled cigar and
said:

  “The white men, they have gone to Cilo.”
O’Neil thrust his hook beneath Motala’s
nose. “Next time I see you on Bondele
I’ll cleave thy skull with this. Remember
that, you baskava! You thrice son of a
pig. You essence of camel’s dung!”

  Surely, with head low between his mas-
sive shoulders, Motala moved across the
plantation yard and disappeared into the
bush.

  Tommy and Mr. Wentworth were half
an hour deep in siesta wrhen O’Neil reached
Cilo. He allowed Mr. Wentworth to sleep,
for the little man looked as though he

STORIES

needed it, but he kicked the cot from under
Tommy in about the same manner as he
had treated Motala a short time before.

  When Tommy objected, O’Neil cursed
him. When Tommy replied in kind, O’Neil
threatened him with his hook.

  “You tropical tramp!” railed O’Neil.
“Get me waltzed into a treadmill, and then
you lay down on the job. It’s that hula
dancer, isn’t it? You can’t stay away from
her.”

  “NoWj O’Neil. You know me. I can
take my women or leave ’em alone. It’s
just that I’ve decided there’s not a damn
cent to be made in mahogany.”

  “Who told you that?”

  “I found it out by myself.”

  “And from Marinez, after he’d poured
you full of cognac!”

  Tommy rubbed his chin the way he had
a habit of doing when something was true
and he didn’t want to admit it. “Have
a sundowner, O’Neil?”

  O’Neil needed one. “Any daggers in the
pillow lately?”

  “No, nor in me either.” Tommy slapped
the automatic in the hip pocket of his shorts.
“But I’ve been keeping little Ethyl handy.”
O’Neil snorted.

  “Twenty-five calibre. I’d as soon point
my finger and go ‘bang!’ ”

  Tommy didn’t want to leave Cilo, but
O’Neil was unflinching. They awakened
Mr. Wentworth and were about ready to
start when Marinez came around the
veranda, red-eyed from sleep.

  “You are starting the lumbering?” he
asked O’Neil.

  “Yes.”

  Marinez downed a jolt of brandy and
said, “Do not forget I am a partner, too,
in Bondele. I may speak, yes? It is thus
—Bondele would bankrupt the millionaire.
I will sink no moneys into it. If you op-
erate, it will be without my help.”

  Marinez no longer smiled. His words
were abrupt. He seemed evil tempered as
men often are when arising too early from
siesta. He spat across the veranda rail
and poured more brandy.

  O’Neil said, “Then you won’t expect a
cut of the profits.”

  “Ha! You speak like the fool! There
will be no profit.” He took down half the
second glass and smiled a little. “But per-
haps there is something I do not know
BLACK MAHOGANY

about Bondele. Perhaps you have the spe-
cial kind of mahogany, no?”

  “Like that box you lifted from Mr.
Wentworth’s valise?”

  Marinez made no denial. He merely
kept his thick lips twisted in a smile.

  “No, Marinez. I’m drawing to a low
pair.”

  “Ho! You speak in poker, the Ameri-
cano’s parable. But if you should make
the pair a full house, then, of course,
Marinez will be there for his share.” Then
in the old ingratiating tone, “Tell me, my
friend, where do you find the black ma-
hogany ?”

  “Sure, I’ll tell you that. Just as soon as
you tell me how you can live like a rajah
trading a ton of palm nuts and six bags of
jackass copal a year!”

THREE days later the first great ma-
hogany tree tore its way to earth on
the cutting grounds. It was trimmed,
sawed in segments, and transported to the
jungle road by gangs of natives using ropes
and a rolling hitch. The Caterpillar, pull-
ing in fine style after rejuvenation in the
form of new block, pistons, camshart and
numerous smaller parts, hauled these seg-
ments and the ones which followed down
the zig-zag trail, over a narrow dike built
between two miasma-infested sloughs, and
deposited them beside the track at Bondele.

  O’Neil continually prodded for speed, for
it would be impossible to move logs after
the strong rains of December.

  One afternoon he came down from the
cutting grounds in time to see a woman
step ashore from a dugout canoe which a
couple of natives had nosed to the landing.
The woman was Seeva. He took a short-
cut and intercepted her.

  “Where to, Seeva?”

  “To the house perhaps. Eet is the
friendly visit.”

  “We don’t encourage friendly visits.”
She rubbed one bare shoulder seductively
against his arm and looked up at him with
great, soft eyes. Unlike most African
women, Seeva bathed. With soap. And
her hair was redolent of distilled-petal per-
fume of the sort made by Armenians in
Telfu. Because he was tempted, O’Neil
became more brash.

  “I know why you’re here, so get back
to Cilo.”

91

 “Why am I here?”

  “Because Marinez sent you.”

 “Why should he send me?”

  “For the same reason he sicked you onto
Tommy in the first place.”

  “Phouj!”

  “So get back in your boat and beat it.”
She elevated her nose and strode calmly
up the path to the house. When O’Neil
went up half an hour later she was sitting
on the arm of Tommy’s chair, combing his
locks with her fingers and seeing to it his
glass was full.

  O’Neil said, “Send her home, Tommy.”
But Tommy only smiled and shook his
handsome head. “Ah, O’Neil! You
should not forget the words of the Prophet.
‘A guest in the tent is an obligation near
sacred.’ And I’m the type of man who
never shirks his obligations.”

  “Trouble follows the woman,” says a
proverb, antedating the words of “the
Prophet” by perhaps two thousand years.
Trouble followed the woman to Bondele.
It sat waiting inside Tommy’s bedroom
the night following Seeva’s arrival.

 When Tommy stepped inside the dark
room and commenced feeling around for a
pack of cigarettes he realized someone else
was there. No “seventh sense passed down
from some prehistoric ancestor”—it was
definite and olfactory, a mixture of rank
perfume and sweat one finds emanating
from the men of Asia Minor.

  Tommy felt around the table as though
intending to light the petrol lamp. He
knew it was too late to withdraw, so he
continued to move slowly, showing no hint
of alarm. A sudden move, he knew, would
call for a strike from the upraised hand
of man, just as from the poisoned head of
a cobra. Tommy quietly whistled a popu-
lar tune he had picked tip from the grama-
phone at Cilo.

  A rustle of clothing warned him of the
attack. He thrust the table toward the
sound and moved swiftly aside. The table
bumped something, the lamp skidded and
crashed to pieces on the floor.

  Tommy found himself against the wall,
untangling the tiny .25 calibre automatic
from the hip pocket of his shorts. He stood
still, gun in hand, waiting for a sound, or
for a shadow. The heat of day was still
heavy, and the odor of petrol made it al-
most unbearable.
92	JUNGLE

  He listened—not for footsteps because
the jungle damp had rendered the floor
muggy so that walking across it was like
walking on cork—but for more subtle hints
of movement, the rustle of clothing, the
stir of air.

  When the time came he didn’t know
what it was that warned him—he just knew
the man was coming for him, and the auto-
matic jumped to life spitting streaks of
orange-colored flame.

  His assailant had not expected the gun.
He retreated, diving shoulder first through
the net-covered window. Tommy ran to
the veranda, but by that time the man had
leaped to the ground, and a few seconds
later he was a white-clad form dimly visible
among the cape jasmine bushes which
edged the cassava patch. It might have
been a daylight shot of O’Neil’s Luger,
but still Tommy aimed his ridicuolus little
gun and pulled the trigger. The pin fell
with a dry click.

  O’Neil was at the cutting grounds, so
he did not hear of the encounter until he
navigated the cat down the following day.
It was then he quoted the Egyptian adage
about trouble following the woman . . .

V

THE art of Ikete, witch doctor of the
Bondele native village, was as old
as the fears of man. Ikete’s charms for
battling the black devil of rat fever, the
red devil of smallpox, and the pale, blue
devil of sleeping sickness were good, for
they had been proved good long before
Cleopatra discovered the luxury of Rome.
But though Ikete knew well the value of
his ancient charms, dances and incanta-
tions, it would be incorrect to say that
more modern discoveries had passed him
by. Certain items stored in his little igloo-
shaped fetish hut would prove they had not.

  For instance, inside a monkey’s skull
miraculous for its power in the healing
of yaws, was aspirin which Ikete had found
to be powerful charm against the devil of
headache which came from long hours of
chanting in the overheated huts of the
dead. And he also kept carbolic acid, the
burning water which drove out toothache,
and laudanum which was good for just
about everything.

And Ikete knew of another charm of

STORIES

the white man, a charm as powerful it
made these things seem as nothing, for
with it could be secured women, and rich
food shut up inside cans, and liquor ten
times as strong as millet wine. Further-
more, if a man had enough of it, Ikete
had been told, he would even have power
over life and death.

  Ikete kept his store of this charm, which
came in the form of round silver and little
scraps of paper, inside the sacred ram’s
horn beneath the untouchable robe of bat’s
fur at the most secret corner of the fetish
hut.

  He worshipped it even more than he
did Sabata, the fetish of his choice, and
he plotted continually for its increase.

  His greatest windfall came when Marinez
of Cilo built the road the year before. At
that time Ikete had made the fetish speak
out against the high wage of eight francs
per day with the result it was cut to four,
with Marinez and himself splitting the
difference. So, when Bondele hired men
at the old rate of eight francs, it was only
logical that Ikete should visit the new
master—an ugly man with one arm only,
the other sprouting an iron hook.

  Ikete crouched on the ground, speak-
ing in the singsong chant of his craft:

  “Eight francs much-much,” he chanted
sadly, weaving from side to side. “Much-
much, bad for black man. I have heard it
in dark moon, bad for black man. I have
seen it in fire flame, bad for black man.’
Ikete’s bones were almost fleshless, his
arms dangled from his shoulderblades like
dried corpses on a gibbet, his collarbone
protruded, leaving deep hollows, and the
only thing about him that seemed alive
were his eyes which rolled as he chanted.

  “What’s the deal, Ikete?” O’Neil asked.

  “Much money bad. Ke! ke! much bad.
Eight francs you make four francs. So
say Sabata. Sabata will speak by moon-
light.”

  “And where do you come in?”

  “Ke! ke! I have nothing. Sabata have
all. You pay Sabata two francs, you keep
two francs. Sabata will keep men at work.
You pay Ikete one hundred francs now,
Ikete, go to Sabata—”

  “You go to hell!”

  Ikete kept chanting so O’Neil shouted it
—“Go to hell!”

  The witch doctor’s manner suddenly
BLACK MAHOGANY

93

changed. He leaped up, crouching, and
spat at O’Neil’s feet.

  “A curse to you. In the name of
Sabata . . .” And he backed away into
the creepers of the jungle, casting maledic-
tions in the unknown fetish tongue.

  Ikete left longing for revenge, but he
longed for the charm of money still more.
He plotted to obtain both. Knowing that
Marinez was anxious to close Bondele and
all other plantations along the Ncimbo
river, Ikete appeared at Cilo that same day
and suggested that, for a consideration,
Sabata might call the long dances to lay
the devils of disease, thus tying up O’Neil’s
labor force until the rainy season came.

  At dawn he returned to his fetish hut,
gloatingly stuffed paper and silver inside
the secred ram’s horn beneath the untouch-
able robe of bat’s fur, and through the day
he crouched in the close mud hut, beating
the bladder-drum of incantation, and chant-
ing words in the fetish language.

  Few men worked in mahogany that day,
few women cut cassava in the field. They
gathered in awed groups outside the hut
and listened.

  Next day commenced the long dances to
lay the devils of disease.

  O’Neil found Donomey, the old fat chief
of the village, resting after five hours in
the dance, and offered to raise wages.
Donomey was friendly, but he refused. He
feared' Ikete and the fetish. Perhaps, he
said, it would be possible to please the
fetish with money. But O’Neil was stub-
born. He willed Donomey, Ikete, and all
of them to the fires which never end, and
journeyed across the river to the village of
chief Ngando who came with all his warri-
ors when promised the usual wages, plus a
bonus in the form of the ornaments which
could be beaten from the brass of all the old
steam fittings in the repair shop.

  They worked while Donomey’s people
danced. For three days it was thus. On
the morning of the fourth day O’Neil came
along in the Caterpillar to find that a fetish
house of sticks and fresh mud had been
built in the narrowest place along the dike
which separated the two swamps. The
black devil of fever, Ikete had told them,
arose from the green waters of those
swamps, and it was here the dances must
pj-ogress.

  “Move your damned camp to one side,”

shouted O’Neil, striding unannointed into
the dancing circle.

  Ikete crouched among the tom-toms, eyes
rolling back into his skull. “Anno-keke!”
he chanted.

  O’Neil appealed to Donomey, but the
old fat chief would not move against the
fetish. Even Bobolongonga who had
traded his adjustable wrench for the lance
of his ancestors, and his white man’s pants
for a skirt of pink-dyed raffia, could not
be lured from the circle.

  O’Neil soon had enough of arguing. He
remounted the lofty seat of the Caterpillar,
let out the clutch, and advanced under full
throttle. With a mighty roar of exhaust
the monster rolled across the ceremonial
fire sending dancers fleeing into the.
swamps. It demolished tom-toms and gri-
gris, and drove on directly for the holy of
holies, the mud hut of Sabata.

  The natives watched, confidently expect-
ing O’Neil and caterpillar both to dissolve
in blue flame, but no such thing took place.
The cat mounted the sloping wall of the
hut for a meter or so, and then the home
of Sabata collapsed in a heap of mud, sticks
and straw.

  Thus lay shattered not only the mud
hut, but also much of the power of Ikete.
Donomey, who long had resented the„witch
doctor’s power, ordered his men back to
the cutting grounds.

BUT Ikete was not yet licked. He re-
treated to his old hut in the village,
chanted to the fetish throughout an after-
noon and a night, and appeared with the
untouchable robe of bat’s fur around his
shoulders and an ancient calibash turned
over his head. Thus equipped, he com-
menced praying O’Neil to death.

  “Nijji-fe-bowa,” chanted Ikete, “The
curse of Sabata upon him.”

  Work stopped again. Even subjects of
Chief Nganda spent their days near the
fetish hut awaiting the result.

  It was soon noticed that O’Neil had
dropped from sight. A houseboy from
Bondele brought word that he had sickened
and lay all day in his hammock. Ikete
chanted with new enthusiasm, and
Donomey, repenting his haste, issued a
useless order against working at the cut-
ting grounds. Rumors were many. O’Neil’s
brown skin had turned green. His flesh
94	JUNGLE

had run away leaving him only skin
stretched over skeleton, and his hook arm
had sprouted a branch of poison ninga,
leaves, berries and all.

  Actually, O’Neil had chosen this poorest
of all times to go down for his yearly bout
with the fever. After five days he got up
and ministered to himself with whiskey.
It was then Tommy told him about Ikete’s
machinations,

  O’Neil did not know it at the time, but
even his arising had strengthened the belief
in Ikete.

  It is thus—according to the Sabata fet-
ish, the man being prayed to death will at
first sleep and waste away. Then, when
the proper moment arrives, the anointed
of Sabata takes the calibash from his head
and has brought to him a cockerel. Utter-
ing certain words, he breaks one and then
the other of the cockerel’s legs, after which
he holds the poor bird overhead. For a
long time it is thus with the witch doctor
staring at the cockerel’s bill, and speaking
in the fetish language. At last a drop of
blood appears at the cockerel’s bill and
falls, striking the witch doctor’s tongue.
When that drop of blood falls, the victim
must arise, be he fifty kilometers away, and
hasten to the fetish hut where he must
dance until he expires.

  And so the links of circumstances which
began with O’Neil’s recurrence of the fever,
now continued as he strode along the
jungle trail toward the village. As he
went, message drums gave out their rock-
ing, speechlike rhythm.

A CRY went up from four hundred na-
tive throats when he appeared in the
village clearing. A lane opened for him as
he strode up to the ceremonial fire where
Ikete, untrembling and triumphant, was
holding aloft the dripping bird.

  Ikete signaled with his lips, and the tom-
toms throbbed the slow rhythm of the dance
of death. But it was there the links of cir-
cumstance failed. O’Neil did not dance.

  He strode on, booting tom-toms from his
way, seized the cockerel from Ikete’s hands,
and commenced beating him over the head
with it.

  After a squawk or two the poor bird ex-
pired. O’Neil beat Ikete with the carcass
until feathers flew. Ikete took it for a
while, then he fled across the clearing and

STORIES

along a jungle path with O’Neil in pursuit.

  Next day Donomey ordered a full crew
to the cutting grounds, and a young witch
doctor was at the village gathering sticks
to build a hut to Willilahau, the river fetish,
who, he asserted, hastened the fermenta-
tion of millet and the fruitfulness of the
harvest, and was, morever, very powerful,
having a hook arm.

  Ikete, although defeated, still had re-
venge. His machinations had caused such
delay it was apparent they could get out
no sufficient quantity of correctly grained
wood before the roads bogged down.

  Then one morning Donomey came to
camp followed by two of his tribesmen who
carried a huge crotch of mahogany. It
was waterlogged from the swamp, and the
sapwood was rotting away, but the center
of twisted grain was hard, and streaked
deep brown and black.

  Considerable of the black mahogany, all
in deadfalls, had been revealed by the re-
ceding waters of the dry season. O’Neil
said the sulphuric and copperas waters of
the swamp had turned it that color, and
it was a moral victory for the opinion he
had expressed back in Coquilhatville. Still,
the wood was worth good money, and it
did not take him long to get crews on the
ground to pull the logs and peel the rotting
sapwood. Through the following weeks,
as rains commenced and grew worse,
threatening to mire the Catetrpillar, O’Neil
rushed the transport to Bondele . . .

  O’Neil was so tired one night that he
decided he would sleep in a hammock at
the camp. He stretched out and had just
closed his eyes when the sound of excited
voices aroused him. A boy had broken
up the nightly dance and was repeatedly
shouting the name “Donomey.”

  O’Neil tried to 'learn what was wrong,
but nobody seemed sure. He joined the
torchlit group which followed the boy along
the little-used jungle path. After four
or five kilometers travel the uplifted torches
revealed Donomey lying beside a nest of
bulldog ants. O’Neil pushed through the
circle and felt for the old man’s pulse.
Donomey was dead.

  It was not death, but the manner of it
which shocked O’Neil. The native boy
had cut him down, but it was evident that
the fat chieftan had been strung up by the
thumbs, smeared with honey, and allowed
BLACK MAHOGANY

95

to dangle so his toes would just touch the
four-foot high anthill.

  So this was the penalty for Donomey’s
cooperation! A feeling of white anger
burned through O’Neil.

  An ancient native with gray wool hair
danced on spindly legs and chanted. Others
followed in broken rhythm. No ritual—
they danced as an outlet for emotion.

  O’Neil watched them carry Donomey’s
body to his hut which was soon filled with
black men, one packed against anothei*,
perspiring, chanting the words of death.
He could hear the rocking wail of their
voices for a long time as he walked the
path toward Bondele.

HE arrived at the house so quietly that
two who were sitting on the veranda
jumped when he spoke. As he expected,
one was Seeva. The other, to his surprise,
was Mi*. Wentworth.

  “When did you come down from Cilo?”
O’Neil asked Seeva.

  “Maybe-so after siesta.”

  “Who wras there when you left?”
“Nobody. Jus’ houseboy. So I get
lonesome and come.” She came close to
O’Neil as she always did when she was
after a favor. “Now that Seeva tell you
true, you won’t tell Tommy how long I’m
here, no?”

  “I won’t tell him a damned thing.”
“Ahem!” said Mr. Wentworth self con-
sciously.

  “When did you see Marinez and
Shemeshal last?” O’Neil asked Seeva.

  “Maybe las’ night.” She came closer
than ever, rubbing herself against him with
purring, feline seductiveness “I don’t want
go back to Cilo. I want stay here all time.
I am afraid at Cilo. I am good girl, M’shu.
You let me stay I can help.”

  “Doing what?”

  “I dance. Mix drink. Do you not like
woman, M’shu? Was it not your prophet
who say, ‘Man does not live by bread
alone?’ ”

  “Where did you ever learn that?”

  “At convent school of good Sisters of
Charity in Motake.”

  “I can imagine you damned near any
place except in a convent.”

  “Besides, if I stay, perhaps I can tell
you things,” .she Wheedled. “Marinez,
I can say, he want all planation along river.

He’s one who hire Ikete. He’s one who
have poison arrow shoot at Mr. Wentworth
to scare him away. He’s one offer money
to Donomey for quit work, but Donomey
answer ‘no.’ Then Marinez say maybe he
shoot Donomey.”

  “When did you find all that out?”
  “Shemeshal, I hear him tell Motala.”
  “You can stay,” said O’Neil. . . .

  The penetrating, high-frequency squeal
of steam through a weighted safety valve
brought O’Neil from his hammock at the
hour of sunup two days later.

  He looked down from his window and
cursed. Bobolongonga, instead of build-
ing up a moderate pressure which would
suit the age of the locomotive boiler, had
stuffed the firebox with pitchwood and
moved the valve weight out to the last
notch.

  O’Neil did not take time to cover his
toenails with the customary adhesive in
protection against the wet season’s chiggers,
he simply vaulted the railing as he was
and ran down the path to open the safety
valve. He was about to make his usual
threat of splitting Bobolongonga’s skull
with his hook arm, w'hen the sound of an
exhaust drew his attention to the river.
In a few seconds Marinez’s launch came in
sight, swinging in an arc to break its speed.

  With an effort, Marinez heaved his con-
siderable bulk to the dock. The other man
in the boat was Motala. He made no
move to come ashore, but sat, surly faced,
looking at O'Neil.

  “Ah!—I see you would haul log, my
friend!” cried Marinez.

  “As you see,” answered O’Neil.

  “But the railroad—perhaps you do not
understand. It crosses the LaMotte ground
below here, and LaMotte she belongs to
me.”

  “And what of that?”

  “I cannot allow it, senhor.”

“But we have a legal right to cross.”
Marinez was extremely sad. “Believe
me, I am so sorry. But business she is,
as you say, business. I forbid. The legal
right our Colonial Administration must de-
cide. If they say you pass, very well.”
O’Neil knew that Coquilhatville would
refer the matter to Leopoldville, and Leo-
poldville would pass it on to Brussels. An
answer in two years would be fortunate.
“No hard feelings?” asked Marinez.
96	JUNGLE

  “I don’t suppose you had any hard feel-
ings toward Donomey, either!” shouted
Tommy who had arrived in time to hear
the last of Marinez’s words. “I suppose
that was business, too!”

  “Donomey ?” Marinez controlled his
anger and put on an expression of sorrow.
“You think I strung poor Donomey by the
thumbs? No, this is not true. I perhaps
try to hire him, perhaps even threaten—
but the torture it is not me. I will kill,
where necessary, but quick, with the bullet
through the brain. This killing of Donomey
was for two things—to make natives fear
Bondele, and to make all men suspect me.”
Marinez walked over to examine the
mahogany loaded on the flatcars. “Is
beautiful wood! Such color!—like the
skin of Africa. This load, she is worth for-
tune, no?”

  “No,” answered O'Neil.

VI

MARINEZ departed. Siesta passed.
The sun disappeared into the bluish
forest haze at its monotonous six o’clock.
On the veranda Armless O’Neil, Tommy
Huston and little Mr. Wentworth sat sip-
ping whiskey and soda as though they were
without plans for that night—or for
eternity.

  Twilight thickened into the peculiar,
bluish quality of tropic night. They sat
on, their positions revealed by the pin-point
lights of their cigarettes, and by the occa-
sional quiet laughter of Seeva who was
with them.

  When darkness was an hour deep, O’Neil
sat up and kicked back his chair. “Bobo-
longonga!” he called in a voice that was
not too loud.

  Bobolongonga had been squatting by the
locomotive. He made no answer. There
was no need of it, for he knew what was
expected of him. He opened the firebox,
heaped in pitchwood, and defied fate and
the instructions of O’Neil by dousing the
wood and the still-hot grate with petrol.
It was midnight before steam was up and
everything was in readiness.

  O’Neil told Mr. Wentworth to stay and
“take care of Bondele,” whatever that con-
sited of; he posted Tommy on the rear car
with a rifle, gave the throttle to Bobo-
longonga, and mounted to the cowcatcher.

STORIES

  The heavily laden train moved slowly,
unlighted, through the deep jungle shadow.
It was six kilometers to the frontier of
Bondele which was marked by a finger of
swamp extending up from the river. They
stopped at the edge of a long, wooden
bridge while O’Neil lit the carbide head-
light. It showed the rails stretching in
reddish streaks, uninterrupted across the
bridge and into the distant jungle. O’Neil
grunted in a satisfied manner and lighted a
cigarette. If Marinez had intended to de-
stroy the line, this would have been the
most likely spot.

  He let the light remain on, and voiced no
objection when Bobolongonga gave the
engine another inch or two of throttle.

  Congo days are long with fly-droning
heat that seems destined to last without
interruption for the remainder of time, but
nights are cool with jewel-like clarity. After
crossing the bridge O’Neil relaxed a little
and commenced enjoying that night. It
was pleasant feeling the air move past
there on the cowcatcher, and he had just
reached the yawning stage when something
brought him up abruptly.

  A white object had appeared for a mo-
ment perhaps two hundred meters down
the track, then it dropped suddenly from
view. O’Neil crouched a trifle through in-
stinct just as something whanged the steel
a foot or two over his head. Following
like an echo was the report of a high-pow-
ered rifle.

  Probably the. bullet had been aimed high
intentionally, but there was no point in
taking a chance. O’Neil still had dreams
of his little poolhall in Chicago. So, with
a swing of his hook, he severed the copper
tubing which supplied gas to the headlamp.

  “Gun it!” he shouted to Bobolongonga.

  There was no i-esponse. The engine
still crept along at its miserable rate. Half
a dozen rifles now opened up, and these
weren’t deliberately missing. Bullets
clanged against the boiler steel and whined
off into the dark. One of them loosened a
rivet letting steam out with a high-pitched
whistle.

  O’Neil swung around the side and clam-
bered into the cab. He found Bobo-
longonga, moaning with fear, crouched be-
hind the iron face of the firebox. O’Neil
trod over him and gave the engine full
throttle.
BLACK MAHOGANY	97

  The drivers answered with a series of
violent revolutions, but there was little trac-
tion, and they were slow in gaining speed.
Still, however slow they were moving,
every second was bringing them closer.
O’Neil was not the suicide type. He de-
cided on retreat.

  He booted Bobolongonga until the terri-
fied black raised to hands and knees, then
he hooked him by the collar and dragged
him, begging and moaning, as far as the
first flatcar.

  Bobolongonga, finding himself in the
open, recovered use of his legs. He fled
along the logs until he reached the end
car where Tommy waited. Tommy, defy-
ing death with a lighted cigarette, was
happily waiting the proper moment to pay
back bullets in kind.

  O’Neil emptied his Luger in the general
direction of the gun flashes, a piece of blind
shooting intended to discourage a charge on
the engine, then he, too, ran to the rear.

  “Get down, you damned fool,” he growled
at Tommy, “and put out that cigarette.”

  Tommy ignored him. “O’Neil, you’re
getting jumpy as a titmouse.”

  O'Neil cursed him and cut the cigarette
in half with a swing of his hook arm. They
were picking up speed rapidly now. Gun-
fire and shouting voices were close, but all
the bullets seemed to be aimed at the
engine. They rode safely through the
thick of it.

  Marinez’s voice boomed out in com-
mand, and all except one of the guns went
silent. This cracked three more times, then
no sound except the rattle of the train.

  “What the hell?” O’Neil asked, and he
got his answer.

  There was a mighty, vibrating roar. The
roadbed rolled beneath them, and the air
became thick with dirt and flying fragments
of wood. When it was over the train was
still on the track, and still moving—but
moving towTard a ragged hole which had
been torn in the roadbed a hundred meters
further along.

  “Jump!” O’Neil commanded, and neither
Tommy nor Bobolongonga hesitated.

  O’Neil did not follow them. He ran
forward along the flatcars, made the cab at
the end of a mighty leap, cut the throttle,
and gave the engine all the brakes she had.

  There was a howl of metal and the en-

7—Jungle Stories—Spring

gine slowed in a series of convulsive jerks.
It seemed to halt at the very edge of the
hole left by the explosion, but the mo-
mentum of the loaded flatcars inched it
unwillingly forward. It nosed down, sank
into the soft rubble of the depression, and
settled gently over at a forty-five degree
angle. The strain caused the throttle to
release a little, the drivers responded with
a few spasmodic revolutions, and she died
there, heaving like a stricken warhorse.

  O’Neil had not ridden her down. He
had jumped a few meters back, but he came
forward now to examine the situation and
declare it hopeless.

  “And just when I was getting attached
to the damned little teakettle!” he moaned
when Tommy and Bobolongonga came up.

f£"^/T3W wrhat?” Tommy asked.

  X ^ “Why, back to Bondele to see
how things fare with Mr. Wentworth.
Then to Cilo where I intend to put my
hook through that Portugee’s skull.”

  It was a long walk to Bondele. They
took siesta near the bridge, and it was eve-
ning when they trudged across the yard
to the plantation house.

  “Wentworth!” shouted O’Neil when he
saw no one around.

  “Seeva!” called Tommy.

  She didn’t answer, either. O’Neil ran
up the steps and around the veranda. He
came back to find Tommy reading a note
which had been left on the table. There
was a tight expression on Tommy’s face
that made O’Neil wonder. When he read
the note he understood.

My dear friends:

  Having received an excellent offer from Sr.
Marines for my interest in Bondele, I have decided
to sell. Please do not think too harshly of me.
It is just that I have become very homesick for
England.

Yours sincerely,

                   Harvey Wentworth.
P.S.—Miss Seeva, who will soon be Mrs. Went-
zvorth, has gone with me.

H. W.

  “Oh Allah!” muttered O’Neil, “what a
swath that gal will cut through Chatham.”
Tommy dropped weakly into a chair and
called, “Bobolongonga ! Bring whiskey.”
O’Neil cursed Wentworth in a dutiful
sort of way but without real ire. He didn’t
blame anybody for grabbing a chance to get
out of a country which he admitted to be
98	JUNGLE

the sump-hole of creation. Tommy poured
whiskey and almost wept.

  “I loved her, O’Neil. I don’t know when
I ever loved a woman so much, unless
maybe it was that Dutch gal over in Mafiti.”
“You’re damned well rid of her,” O’Neil
barked, caring nothing whatever for the
delicacy of Tommy’s feelings.

  Tommy moaned, “I could see she felt
motherly toward him. I should have sus-
pected something then.”

  “You fiddle-playing fathead.”

  O’Neil hunted out a cold lunch of bully
beef and cassava bread, after which he an-
nounced he was ready to start to Cilo.

  “Come on, Tommy. Maybe a stray bul-
let wall put you out of your misery.”

  They reached the house at Cilo about
midnight, but nobody w$s around except
the houseboy. The houseboy protested
that Marinez had left after siesta, but O’Neil
satisfied himself by searching the place.
He dragged Tommy away from Marinez’s
brandy and went to the plantation village
where the nightly dance was in progress.
Stimulated by a couple of francs, an old
crone recalled seeing Marinez, Shemeshal
and Motala walking along the road which
led from the dock to the old warehouses.
That had been about dark.

  “Let them go to the devil,” said Tommy.
“I’d rather go up to the house and revenge
myself on his fancy liquor.”

  O’Neil ignored the suggestion and led
the way along a dark, little-used roadway.
It took them half an hour to find the ware-
houses, now abandoned and almost lost be-
neath the undergrowth.

  “I told you it was a damned fool trip,”
said Tommy when they failed to find a light,
or a sign of anyone.

  O’Neil didn’t answer. He was listening.
A sound resembling some strange animal
came from the direction of a shed almost
buried beneath ochilla weed. It was a
monotonous sound, like panting breath, a
throat rattle and a groan all in one.

  They moved cautiously around the weed
patch and took a path into the overhanging
jungle. It was dense for a w’hile, then the
foliage opened up and they were at the edge
of a little clearing. The moonlight, filter-
ing through a huge bokangu tree revealed
that something hung from one of its lower
branches.

  It was Marinez, bound, smeared with

STORIES

honey, and hanging by his thumbs so his
toes just touched a hill of bulldog ants.

  O’Neil cut him down and beat the insects
away.

  “Light a fire,” he told Tommy. “We’ll
see how bad they got him.”

  Marinez sat up and moaned. “Ah, you!
They have killed me, no?”

  “No,” answered O’Neil. “You’ll live
with the help of some ointment, though I
can’t see why I should give a damn.”

  “Ah, my thumbs! My poor legs! Never
did the martyrs suffer as I suffered. But
you have save me, and I live. Perhaps it
is the justice of poetry, no? Me, Marinez,
try to ruin you, and you put me in life-
long debt.”

  “Is that poetry? Who strung you up
here, anyway?”

  “Who but Shemeshal, and his pig of a
helper, Motala. And why ? I will tell you,
despite my misery. Because I sell my
own property—that dancing girl. The
same Seeva he was so jealous for that he
would kill all who look at her. Ah, it is
an unjust woi'ld.”

  “So you traded Seeva for Wentworth’s
interest in Bondele!”

  “And paid five thousand francs to boot!”
“Quiet down, Marinez. If Tommy finds
out about it he’ll want to give you back
to the ants.”

TOMMY had his fire going in a heap of
dry thatch. It blazed high, lighting
the clearing. He was standing there, watch-
ing the flame, when the report of a gun
rang out. Tommy spun and fell from the
impact of the bullet. He was down, but
not unconscious. He had presence of mind
to crawl to the shadow of a clump of weeds.

  O’Neil drew his pistol and leaped to
the protection of the tree, but Motala ap-
peared behind him, a high-powered rifle
leveled.

  “You weel not trick me thees time, hook-
arm!” he gloated. “No, thees time it is
I, Motala, who laugh last.”

  “Shoot, you fool!” commanded Sheme-
shal, appearing among a rubble of ruined
native huts.

  Motala would have obeyed, but the spite-
ful crack of Tommy’s little automatic made
him spin around. The bullet had missed,
but the diversion was all O’Neil needed.
He dove, head forward, for Motala.
BLACK MAHOGANY	99

  Motala tried to aim, but O’Neil was be-
neath the rifle barrel. He swung the barrel
at O’Neil’s skull, and that didn’t work,
either. O’Neil took a glancing blow on
the shoulder, doubled the Senegalese with
a right to the solar plexis, and came over
with the hook. Motala went down.

  When Motala dropped his rifle, Marinez
pounced on it. Shemeshal saw him and
fired, but the bullet was a meter or two
wide of the mark. Missing the shot caused
him to lose his nerve. He shot again, more
wildly than before, and fled for the pro-
tection of the jungle.

MARINEZ came slowly to a sitting pos-
ture. He was a long time getting the
rifle to his shoulder. It seemed that Sheme-
shal would surely escape, but at the last mo-
ment, just as he was disappearing into the
dark jungle, the gun leaped in Marinez’s
hands, and Shemeshal tossed his arms and
collapsed like a cloth dummy.

  Marinez made it to his feet and walked
to where Shemeshal had fallen. Tommy,
somewhat recovered from the shock of a
flesh wound in the hip, hobbled over, too.

  “See?” smiled Marinez. “Did I not once
tell you I was the humane man? Did I
do as another might have done? Did I
shoot him through the bowels so he would
suffer through the heat of siesta? No.
I shoot him in the temple. Is good, no?”
An hour later Marinez lay in his ham-
mock treating himself with brandy, and
almost weeping to think of how he had
mistreated Tommy and O’Neil. He was
so repentant that he offered 200,000 francs
for their interest in Bondele, and O’Neil,
after reserving the right to fallen timber,
accepted.

  “Alas, what do I care for money ?”
sighed Marinez. “It is that I feel sad,
and I wish my soul to be at peace. It is
not long I have on this world, senhors.
The torture of the ants, it has done some-
thing to me. One year I have left—with
plenty of liquor, perhaps three. Yes, I am
weak with generosity. I will agree. Let
us sign the papers. Where are you going?
To Europe—Portugal, perhaps? In Lis-
bon, burn a candle for me. ...”

  It was midway in the rains. The muggy
heat of Coquilhatville seemed to possess
measureable viscosity. No white man

should be asked to endure it—but, thank
God, O’Neil was on his way out.

  “Feisal, you son of a pig,” shouted O’Neil,
banging the table with his hook, “is there
no ice to serve with this vile brandy?”
Mohammed bowed his way over to the
table where Tommy and O’Neil were sit-
ting and clasped his hands in a histronic
expression of regret.

  “Ah, Masters, it is the ice machine—”
“Don’t give us that old stall about it
being in Leopoldville.”

  “Having its bearings reground!” Mo-
hammed stretched his arms toward Mecca.
“O Allah, in thy day of judgment, behold
that administrator who ships away our ice
machine and curses us with taxes.”

“Just bring us the water,” sighed O’Neil.
Mohammed pulled the cap from the bottle
of water with a flourish and asked, “Have
you been at Bondele, O hook-armed one?”
“At Bondele.”

  “Then your pieces of gold must be as
the stars in the firmament.”

  “Why?”

  “Because of the grand lorry road com-
ing over from the oil fields, and the pip-
line, too, not to speak of the new channel
being dredged by the government one hun-
dred kilometers above Chapleauville. It
is the work of the soap corporation, Mas-
ters, the same corporation which has poured
gold into the lap of that infidel Portuguese,
Pablo Marinez. But you are rich—”
“Hold on!” cried Tommy. “Lorry road ?
Pipeline? O’Neil, did you hear that? That
damned Marinez beat us out after all. Burn
a candle for him in Lisbon, he says! Why,
I’ll—”

  “Sit down!” barked O’Neil. “Let him
have Bondele and be damned. We have
two hundred thousand francs, which is the
equal of six thousand good, round Ameri-
can dollars. And here’s something else—
we’re on our way out. Get that?—out!
And he’s still rotting away in this unholy
jungle. I say that leaves us winner re-
gardless of the rate of exchange.”

  O’Neil downed his brandy and made a
wry face.

  “May Allah have mercy 011 him!” he
concluded.

  “Allah-humma!” chanted Mohammed in
response, rearranging the bottles along the
backbar, “Salli alayhl”
RED ROGUE KILLER

By DAY KEENE

All the jungle shrieked the red-bearded god’s cruelty. Men died in his
terror-kraal—the living flesh stripped from their bodies. And now this girl,
lovely and young, had come into his district of death, begging to be taken
to him, claiming he was her brother.

THE big American strode out of the
bush onto the station parade ground
at Katumbo exactly at high noon.
Noiselessly at Carter’s heels padded
Nylabo, the black.

  Behind Carter lay twelve days of hell.
His boots were straps of leather. His
shirt and trousers had been torn to flying
tatters by the wilderness of desiccated
thorn scrub through which he had trekked.
A battered, once white, sun helmet was
pushed far back on his forehead exposing
grizzled curls plastered to his head with
sweat. His face was lined with strain and
burned black by the sun. A stubble cov-
ered his jowls. He wore a heavy Colt
strapped to one thigh. Africa had made
a man out of the callow young doctor who
had disembarked at Angola almost ten
years before.

  The grateful back country natives called
him Bwana Juju. Unscrupulous white
traders, Arab slavers, and wealthy big
game hunters had called him lots of things.

  But for a few bare-footed native sol-
diers drowsing in the midday heat, the
unkempt parade ground was deserted. Be-
yond the company manager’s squat, white,
tin-roofed office he could see the monthly
mail boat tied up at the wharf,

  A sudden wave of nostalgia swept him.
In ten days he could be in Brazza-ville.
In ten more he could be in Angola. In
another two weeks, if he was lucky, he
could be back in New York. He could be
clean and cool and safe.

  Beside him, worried, Nylabo asked, “We
have not come this long way for boon,
Bwana ?”

  “No.” Carter shook his head. “We
haven’t come this long way for nothing.”

  He licked at his heat-parched lips and
strode on. Ismail, the snag-toothed Arab
interpreter, was squatted on his heels in
100

the shade outside of Maastrict’s door. He
stood up as Carter neared him and intoned,
“In the name of God, peace be with you.”
Carter had never liked the man. He
was too oily. “And with you,” he an-
swered shortly.

  After the glare of the sun, the office
was cool and dark. Maastrict stood up
to greet him. “This iss a pleasure, doc-
tor. I was about to send an escort after
you.”

  Nylabo squatted on his heels just out-
side the door, his tawny eyes appraising
the slim young memsahib whom his Bwana,
blinded by the sudden darkness, had not
as yet seen.

ISMAIL moved as if to close the door,
eyed the razor-sharp assegai cradled ia
Nylabo’s arms, and changed his mind. If
Bwana Juju was a devil, Nylabo was his
shadow. Where the white man walked,
the black man followed.

  Inside the office, Carter stared at the
Belgian, puzzled. “You were about to
send an escort after me? Then the last
runners I sent you got through! You
know, then?”

  A slow-moving stolid man, Maastrict sat
back in his chair and dry-washed his fat
palms together. “Know what? What are
you talking about? What—?” He checked
himself, stood up. “Pardon me, Miss Sut-
liff. Doctor Carter, may I present you
to Miss Sutliff.”

  Carter brushed a sun blackened hand
across his eyes. The girl wasn’t real. She
couldn’t be. She was a part and parcel of
the nightmare through which he had been
moving for the last three months.

  The girl’s fingers were cool and soft in
his. “I’m real,” she assured him. “But
I am a long way from home.”

  He released her fingers and apologized.
                                                                                  loi
102	JUNGLE

“Pardon me if I stared at you like a takala
one. But I’ve been through enough in
the last ninety days to make me crazy.”
The company manager stared at him
sharply. “You are not yourself, Doctor.”
He fumbled in a drawer. “Perhaps a
taste of schnapps. . . .”

  Carter waved the bottle aside. “Later.
Right now I’ve got to talk to you. Alone.”
Ellen Sutliff shook her head. “I won’t
leave this office until you agree to take me
back in with you. I’ve traveled eight thou-
sand miles to reach here. And I won’t
give up now. I won’t.”

  Carter reached the bottle from the desk
and gulped a drink. “Perhaps I am crazy,’
he admitted.

  The girl continued. “You don’t know
me. But I know you, by reputation. And
shortly before you arrived, Mr. Maastrict
informed me that you are the only man
in the Belgian Congo, perhaps in all of
Africa who can help me.”

  Carter stood fingering the butt of his
gun. “I haven’t the least idea what you
are talking about.

  “Her brother was Barney Sutliff,”
Maastrict told him.

  “Oh,” Carter said. He had heard of
the soldier of fortune many times but he
had never met him. The last he had heard
of the man his plane had reputedly crashed
on a flight from Durban to Cairo.

  “I’ve traced Barney’s route/’ the girl
said quietly. “He was seen over Lake
Tanganyika. But he never reached Stan-
leyville. That means that he must have
crashed somewhere in The Valley of the
Lost Ones.”

  “Then he’s dead,” Carter told her
shortly.

  *‘I don’t believe that,” she cried. “And
I want to outfit a safari to bring him out.
You can name your own price to lead it.
Mr. Maastrict informs me that you are
the only white man whom the natives will
allow into the valley.”

  Carter shook his head. “What you ask
is impossible. That whole back country
has gone mad. That’s why I’m here.”
He slipped a leather hypodermic case from
his pocket and shook out two polished
darts on Maastrict’s desk..

  The girl reached for one and he slapped
her hand. “That’s sudden death,” he
warned her, “They missed me by hairs,”

STORIES

he continued. “It would seem that some-
one, whoever is behind this, didn’t want
me to come out.” He poked at the blow
gun darts with a pencil. '“That one is a
poisoned kalclii thorn. From the varnished
look of the other one I imagine that it was
steeped in stropanthin extracted from the
Kombe bean.”

MAASTRICT had gone white-faced.
“But I don’t understand.”

  “Neither do I,” Carter admitted curtly.
“It began four months ago with a furtive
raid on a Ngoma. Twenty Nditos—maid-
ens—were stolen from that dance by a
motley assortment of hideously painted
braves of no known tribe. Since then it’s
been hell on earth. A dozen kraals have
been looted and burned to the ground, the
men, women, and children slaughtered.
Other whole kraals have disappeared. Men,
women, children and livestock have just
vanished into the jungle.”

  “Vanished ?”

  “As you erase chalk from a blackboard.’'
The company manager got to his feet.
“But that is absurd. People don’t just
vanish. You have been in the back coun-
try too long, Doctor. You need a rest.
The bush is getting on your nerves.”

  “I'm not mad,” Carter insisted.
Maastrict did not hear him. “Ya. You
had better go down river on the steamer.
What you need are lights and music and
rest. You have been working too hard.
Perhaps a month or so in Brazza-ville or
Angola. . . .”

  Carter shook his head doggedly. “I’ll
be damned if I will. I’m going back to
my district. There’s something hellish go-
ing on up there. But I want a company
of soldiers. I want rifles and machine
guns. I . . .”

  Outside the door Nylabo sprang to his
feet crying loudly, "Masai na-kudha,
Bwana!”

  “The Masai are coming!” Carter stepped
to the door and stared out into the blazing
sun.

  It was difficult to recognize the two gro-
tesque figures staggering across the pa-
rade ground as men. Their heads were
matted with clotted blood. Great swarms
of kuuna flies covered their faces like veils.
Red welts circled their bodies. The black
skin hung from their thighs and legs in
RED ROGUE KILLER	103

flaps. As Carter watched one of the men
collapsed. The other man staggered on
alone. It was one of the Masai runners
whom he had sent for help two weeks be-
fore.

  Nylabo ran to aid the man. “Who did
this?” he demanded.

  “Sheitani, the devil!” the Masai gasped.
He sank down in the shade of the building,
his sunken eyes beginning to glaze. He
talked swiftly, against time.

  “He says,” Nylabo told Carter, “that
barely had they left the Bwana’s kraal than
he and M’Goru were set upon by many
warriors. They - were Swahili, Masai,
Kavirondo, Kikuyu, Wakambas, Morani,
Bakussu, and many more whom he did not
recognize. All were led by a red-bearded
black god who bellowed like a bull that
all but the chosen of the gods must go to
the place of dying. He says that they were
kept captive many days in a big cave in
The Valley of the Lost Ones. Each day
they were tortured that the red-bearded
black god might laugh. When life had
almost left them they were yolked as slaves
in a long line of captive men and women.
They managed to break free.”

  Carter squatted beside the runner.
“Where . . .’’he began, then stood up.
The man was dead.

  The now awakened natives wailed,
“Hoi! Hoi! Hoi! Hoi! Ee-yah! Ee-yah!
Eeyah! Eeyah! Masra Godoo! Kro-
manti! Kromanti!”

  Cold sweat trickled down Carter’s spine
as he realized that they were calling on
Kromanti, the tiger spirit, the terrible
Guinea Coast god who lives in a silk cotton
tree.

  Nylabo fingered the edge of his assegai,
spat, “Gimshai has stolen his soul and not
even Kromanti can bring it back.”

  Maastrict dry-washed his fat hands.
“This is incredible,” he whimpered. “I
hardly know how to report it to the com-
pany directors. I don’t know what to
think. I don’t know w7hat to say.”

  Carter settled his gun belt on his hips.
“It’s not a matter of saying. It’s a matter
of doing something. This man was tor-
tured to death by some foul, inhuman,
fiend. And I’m heading back up bush in
the morning.”

  Ellen Sutliff gripped his arm. “I’m go-
ing with you.” Her next words chilled his

blood. “Can’t you understand? I’ve got
to know. Barney has red hair!”

  Carter looked at his own sun-blackened
hand. A good many tribes were light. As
far as color was concerned, he, himself
could easily pass as black. “Well, I’ll be
damned. You don’t believe . . . ?”

  “I don’t know,” the girl sobbed. “But
if it’s Barney, he’s out of his mind. I
have to know. I have to. And I’m going
in with you in the morning.”

  Life, Carter thought, was filled with
problems. But some of them were unfair.
He studied the simple faces of the natives
now led by a white-robed jelanti as the
talkee godoo swelled in volume. A white
man falling from the sky might possibly
establish himselef as a god in the minds of
the back bush natives. Still, planes were
common. They flew overhead every day.
And the man in back of this was sane.
There was a profit motive somewhere. No
mad man could have linked together tribes-
men who hated each other to the death.
There was a reason for the burned kraals,
for the missing villagers. There was some-
thing foul, and deep, and dark here that
only full exposure to the light would re-
veal.

  “We’ll see,” he told the girl. “We’ll
see.”

  His mind w^as made up. Whether the
red-bearded black god was Sutliff, whether
Sutliff was mad or not, the girl would
remain at the station. The back country
surrounding The Valley of the Lost Ones
was no place for a woman. The lush green
valley was Africa rawr and untamed,
primeval.

THEY had left the station behind them
in the dark of the hour before sun-up.
Later wrould come the wilderness of thorns
and the tall veldt- grass that cut like a knife.
Still later would come the river. Here
the jungle rose in a green-roofed cathedral
over the heads of the safari. His hand on
the butt of his gun, Nylabo padding at his
heels, Carter led the file of burden-laden
bearers and the scant platoon of poorly-
armed soldiers that Maastrict had begrudg-
ingly given him. He had claimed that he
needed the others for the protection of the
station.

  Daybreak was a misty glow that filtered
through the green, that colored the long
104	JUNGLE

gray beards of fungus hanging down from
the trees. A bushbuck crossed the trail.
A little farther on, a forest hog eyed the
men suspiciously and merged again with
the green. But for the drip of the night
dew the silence was complete.

  This was the hour that Carter liked best
of all.

  The sun w’as high in the trees when
Nylabo sniffed the air suspiciously. It
held a stale mousey smell that told him
that a colony of monkeys had traveled the
trail before them, perhaps even now were
perched, gray blossoms of fur, high in the
trees above them eyeing the intruders. But
there was also another smell, the unwashed
stench of men.

  “Bwana, I like this not,” he began.

  Carter had paused as he had spoke, had
glanced back down the strung-out safari to
make certain that all was well. Black
anger darkened his face.

  “So you’re furious. So what!” Ellen
Sutliff stepped out from in back of the
massive black who had masked her. She
was wearing riding breeks and boots. She
carried a heavy 6.5 Manlicher as if she
knew how to use it. “I don’t care what
you said last night. I’m going with you.

I	can take care of myself.”

  "With an elephant gun?”

  “You’re after big game.”

  “And deadly game,” Carter said coldly.
“All that you have done is delay us. Take
her back to the station, Nylabo. And tell
Maastrict that I said ...”

  He broke off sharply, his hand whipping
his gun from its holster as the jungle came
to life with a sudden smacking of lips and
dry coughing. Alarmed, the colony of
monkeys swdshed by over their heads. But
there was nothing to shoot at, nothing to
be seen.

  Malignantly alive, the green wall of the
jungle hemmed them in. Then a massive
Swahili bearer dropped his load and
clapped a palm to his chest. When he
took it away again his eyes bulged from
his head in fear. Clutched between his
fingers was a deadly kalchi dart.

  “Take cover!” Carter baw'led.

  Cursing, he forced the girl behind the
shelter of a huge gray trunked baobab tree.
Other bearers were dropping now. All
were calling on Gedeonsu to save them.

STORIES

Far back down the trail, the soldiers were
firing blindly into the green. Then one
of them broke and ran. A poisoned dart
dropped him in his tracks.

  Another dart “spitt” into the tree at
Carter’s ear. It was followed by a sharp-
tipped poisoned arrow that thudded into
the leaf mould between himself and the
girl. He caught a flash of movement in
the leaves and fired. There was a crack-
ling and crashing of branches and a hide- '
ously painted Bakussu fell almost at his
feet still clutching his deadly blow gun.
With the last of his dying strength the
savage raised his blow gun and Nylabo
nailed him to a root of the baobab with a
powerful thrust of his assegai.

  The attack ended as suddenly as it had
begun. Half of the bearers and soldiers
were dead. The others were milling help-
lessly. Carter came to a swift decision.
He had no way of knowing how many men
were in the attacking party. But through
the tunnel of the trees he could see the
open veldt. There lay comparative safety.
At least they could not be ambushed. To
go back down the trail meant to die. Death
lay between them and the station.

  Cursing, shouting, encouraging, he
herded the frightened bearers and soldiers
up the trail toward the open ground. The
girl backed after them, wide-eyed, but her
gun held ready in her hands.

  Chanting defiance, hurling taunts, Ny-
labo backed after the girl.

  Carter came last of all, keeping anxious
watch over his shoulder. The attack on
the safari failed to make sense. Why had
it begun? Why had it ended so abruptly?
He thought of the dart and the poisoned
arrow and smiled grimly.

  He had been shot at and missed too
many times. For some reason someone
wanted him to live. But they also wanted
him cut off from all the rest of civilized
mankind.

II

THE huge red ball of fire that was the
sun had long since plunged into the
cool depths of the distant mist-tipped hills.
For a long time the only sound had been
the snap and crackle of the flames over
which Nylabo was cooking the hind quar-
ter of an eland that Carter had shot just
RED ROGUE KILLER

105

before dark had closed down. Then the
swiftly rising night wind began to carry
sounds. There was a slithering ripple in
the tall veldt grass. A night bird screamed
overhead. There was a deep-bellied roar
of a lion that had missed his kill.

  The girl studied the dubious shelter of
the thorn boma in which they were camped
and shuddered slightly. This wasn’t Cape-
town or Cairo, or even Nairobi with its
long rows of eucalyptus trees, and hotels,
and clubs, and Government buildings. This
was an Africa that she had never known,
a malignantly - alive green hell in which
life was held cheaply and the only law was
the oldest law of self-survival, kill or be
killed.

  “But why,” she demanded of Carter, “if
the red-bearded black god is Barney should
his men attack us? Why would he en-
danger my life?”

  His eyes red rimmed with fatigue, Car-
ter stared at her coldly across the fire. “I
don’t know,” he said shortly. “I don’t
even know that the red-bearded black god
is Barney Sutliff. It still doesn’t make
sense if he is.” He got to his feet stiffly.
“I do know that I wish that you had stayed
at Katumbo as I told you to. Before this
affair is over, I’ll have enough on my mind
without taking care of you.”

  Ellen flushed and looked down at her
rifle. “And there is no chance of outside
help?”

  “Help from whom?” Carter scoffed.
“Three-fourths of the district and border
patrols have been dispensed with. And
you couldn’t get Maastrict or Ismail or
any of that white-bellied river station crew
up into the back country for all the gold
and ivory in the Congo. That’s why they
hire fools like me. They suck our brain3
and bodies dry, then toss us aside for
younger men.”

  For the moment he hated the Congo.
He hated all of Africa. The very lush
richness of its veldts and mountains and
jungles made men greedy. And greedy
men were cruel.

  “I’m going outside to take a look-see.”
he told Nylabo. “You, Kaka and
N’dembi,” he ordered two of the soldiers.
“Come outside with me.”

  The men left the boma unwillingly.
Night had found them far out on the veldt
on the bank of a small stream. Sundown

of the next day would bring them to his
camp on the N’gesi. From the camp on
the N’gesi there would still be ten days of
hard paddling before they reached Carter’s
almost inaccessible upriver station in the
mist-covered hills near the Valley of the
Lost Ones.	,

  He circled the boma thoughtfully, then
returned to stand at the gate, Kaka and
N’dembi crouching behind him, the whites
of their eyes rolling wildly in the moon-
light. Of death they were not afraid. It
was something a man could understand.
But they were bang vir die spoke.

  The whimpering ghosts of dead men
were known to haunt the campfires at
which they had warmed their bones for at
least the space of two moons after they
had died. And many men had died that
day.

  Carter tried to marshal his thoughts and
his tired mind flew off at tangents. His
station, the work of ten years, his test
tubes and his cultures, might all be de-
stroyed by the time that he returned. For
all that he had accomplished in Katumbo
he might better never have made the out-
trek.

H E pounded a clenched fist in his palm.
But why? What was it all about?
Why was he being saved? For what?
The kraal burnings and the thefts and the
murders and the mysteriously vanished
villagers failed to make sense. This wasn’t
intertribal war. This was extermination.

  His mind returned to the profit motive.
The price of ivory was down. But there
was gold, lots of it in the Congo, and gold
was thirty-five dollars an ounce. More,
fabulous prices were being paid for cattle
by the military garrisons on both coasts.

  Then, too, there were the tribes them-
selves. Despite all the edicts against it a
thriving slave trade still flourished. In-
credible as it seemed, in a world where
men were fighting and dying for the Four
Freedoms, there still were slave markets
in Africa and Arabia where a young slave
in full strength sold for a hundred thalers.
The small veins in his temple began to
beat as he recalled Nylabo’s translation of
the dying Masai’s last w'ords ....

  “Each day they were tortured that the
red-bearded black god might laugh. When
life had almost left them they were yolked
106	JUNGLE

as slaves in a long line of captive men and
women.”

  A rippling in the tali grass brought his
mind back sharply to the present. The at-
tack had not been resumed but he knew,
the whole safari knew, that they had been
followed. The remaining porters and sta-
tion soldiers were sullenly rebellious. They
would have left him if they had dared.
They claimed, and rightly so, that they
could not fight a death they could not see.
But death lay between them and Katumbo.
There was no way to go but onward.

  The rippling in the grass grew more
pronounced. Whatever it was it wasn’t
human. There was too much disturbance.
It was most likely, Carter thought, a bull
elephant, strayed from the herd or per-
haps a nocturnal hippo enroute to a wal-
lowing hole in the stream on which they
were camped.

  He cursed himself for not having picked
up a rifle before he had left the boma.
“Don’t shoot!” he ordered Kaka and
N’dembi. I think that it’s only a hippo
on his way to a water hole.”

  As he spoke the wide spreading black
boss of horn of a shaggy gray bull buffalo
parted the grass, his little pig eyes were
red with murderous lust and his distended
nostrils dripping blood as he stared at the
three men and the boma.

  “Don’t shoot!” Carter repeated sharply.

  He spoke too late. N’dembi’s gun was
already at his shoulder. This was a danger
he could see. As the rifle cracked behind
him, Carter groaned. Slate like fragments
had shattered from the horn. The hard
horn covered the brains. There were only
three vulnerable spots, the nose, the shoul-
der, and the throat.

  “Lower! In the nose!” he cried.

  More slate flew from the horn. Kaka’s
gun, a huge-bored, old fashioned, .505
Gibbs was roaring now. He, too, was
shooting high. Then the bull lowered his
head and charged at the three men and
the boma. Carter sidestepped swiftly,
shouting a warning to Ellen and Nylabo.
As the charging bull passed him he emptied
his .45 into his neck in a futile effort to
turn him.

  N’dembi screamed once and died, his
entrails spilling from his body as the huge
beast impaled him and charged on to level
the thorn boma to the ground. Screaming

STORIES

with fear and calling on Kromanti and
Gedeonsu to save them, the soldiers and
bearers swarmed from the boma like ants
and ran blindly into the veldt grass.

  Carter had a quick glance of Ellen and
Nylabo as they stood beside the fire. Ny-
labo had just hurled his assegai and was
stomping out the fire.

TWENTY yards beyond the spot where
the boma had once stood, the pain-
maddened bull turned and stood pawing
the turf and regarding the golden haired'
girl standing slim and erect in the moon
light.

  “Run! Climb a tree,” Carter shouted.
“He’s going to charge you!”

  Still clutching her heavy Manlicher, the
girl seemed rooted to the ground as the
bull charged.

  Nylabo was fumbling in the moonlight
for a rifle dropped by one of the frightened
Houssa. But the girl was between him
and the bull. Carter snatched the Gibbs
from Kaka’s hands and raced across the
clearing.

  Ellen had sidestepped the bull as
gracefully as a matador performing a
veronica. But the pain-insane beast had
wheeled again,

  Carter thumbed the fresh shells into the
gun that Kaka had pressed into his hand
and knelt between the bull and Ellen.
Aiming carefully as the buffalo’s huge
bulk began to move, he put five slugs into
the beast’s muzzle. Everyone of the slugs
struck home The old-fashioned .505 Gibbs
had a muzzle velocity of two tons. But
for all his shots worried the bull Carter
might have been using bird shot.

  The bloody muzzle charged closer at
express train speed. The shaggy head
with its great spread of horns dropped
down for the kill. He was only feet from
the man now. Carter could read murder
in the blood-shot eyes—then a heavy gun
rocked behind him. The huge beast stopped
as if he had run into a stone wall. The
shaggy gray body shuddered, dropped to
its knees and rolled over on its side pin-
ning Carter’s legs before he could scramble
free.

  Nylabo pulled him out from underneath
the brute. “Death come very close.” He
spat in obvious admiration. “You are
truely big juju, bwana.”
RED ROGUE KILLER

107

  “You made the juju” Carter told the
blond girl soberly.

  She reloaded the Manlicher. “I’ve shot
since I was a child.” She blinked rapidly
to keep from crying. “Barney taught me
how.”

  “At any rate, I was wrong about you,”
he admitted. “You won’t need much tak-
ing care of. You can take care of your-
self.”

  His eyes black with hate, Nylabo tugged
at Carter’s sleeve. “Look, Lord Bwana”
He pointed a tawny finger at the dead
beast’s muzzle.

  “I will be damned!” Carter pushed his
helmet back on his head, cupped a lighted
match in his hands, and squatted beside
the bull. Three of the five slugs he had
fired were visible in the muzzle, scarcely
embedded in the flesh. Carter demanded
a fresh shell from Kaka and pried out the
lead with his knife. It was small wonder
the slugs had failed to stop the bull.
“Where did you get these shells?” he
asked.

  The frightened Houssa . told him,
“Catc’num Bwana Ismail. Belong give him
long side station. All boys catch shells
same time.”

  Carter picked up a gun from the ground
and extracted the lead from a second shell.
The Houssa was not lying. The second
shell was the same. It had been tampered
with. For some reason of his own the
snag-toothed Arab had sent the escort and
the porters out to die with scarcely enough
powder in their shells to propel the lead
from their gun barrels.

  He stared back down the trail through
the dark. He had a score to settle with
Ismail. But that could wait. Right now
he had business with a red-bearded killer
who called himself a black god.

FORMS grew in the moonlight around

him as one by one the bearers and the
station soldiers, bang vir die spoke, and
frightened by the creeping night things in
the tall veldt grass, straggled back into the
ruined camp, seeking safety in numbers
and in Bzvana Juju’s known magical
powers.

  When Nylabo counted noses four of the
porters and two of the Houssa had van-
ished. Whether they had run awray or
been killed they had no way of knowing.

It was plain now, however, that the great
bull buffalo had been deliberately herded
across the veldt until it had charged their
camp.

  The damage done was difficult to esti-
mate. It could well cost them their lives.
Most of their provisions had been scat-
tered over the veldt or trampled under-
foot. If they pushed on they would have
to live off the land. And contrary to pop-
ular belief, once they reached the land of
the great forest game would be scarce.

  ‘‘Better so make strong mouti, Bwana
Juju,” Nylabo advised him soberly. “Else
we all go to the place of dying.”

 Carter shrugged. The Houssa had
summed it up when they had said that they
could not. fight what they could not see.
And no amount of the medical knowledge
that had established his reputation would
serve as a shield against a bullet or the
charge of a maddened beast.

  Hours, perhaps minutes, would count
now. “We’ll pack and trek,” he told Ny-
labo. “Line up the safari as best you can.
We’ll rest w'hen we reach the N’gesi.”
Nylabo padded off in the moonlight and
began to kick the frightened, weary porters
to their feet.

  Carter told off a detail to gather up
N’dembi’s remains and bury them, then
crossed to the scattered fire that Ellen was
rebuilding. “We’re going on,” he told
her. “We’ll eat when we reach the N’gesi.
From there in it’s going to be even tougher
sledding that it has been. But at least
we’ll be on the river. ...”

  He broke off sharply as a short-shafted
arrow smacked into the trunk of the thorn
tree beside him, quivering like a thing
alive. Ellen opened her mouth to sound
an alarm. He stopped her, by pointing to
a ribbon of white that dangled from the
shaft of the arrow.

  “A message!”

  “From the black god no doubt,” Carter
said grimly.

  He wrenched the arrow from the tree
and examined the head. It was not stained
with poison. Crudely printed on the white
ribbon in red berry juice or blood was the
curt message:

  Doctor Ccu'ter:

    Send the girl back to Katumbo with
  ail of your escort excepting Nylabo.
  You have my word she will not be
108	JUNGLE

  harmed. Then proceed to your up-
  river station where further instructions
  will await you. You have been
  warned. Disregard this warning and
  the- next poisoned kalchi dart that is
  fired at you will not miss. This is
  your first and your last warning.

  The message was unsigned. Carter
handed it to Ellen. “Would you say that
your brother wrote that?”

  Her eyes grew haunted as she fingered
the piece of silk. “I can’t tell,” she ad-
mitted. “It’s printed. But the silk that
it is printed on has been cut from a para-
chute.”

  “That’s what I thought,” he said grimly.
Ellen read the message again. “I had
better go back,” she said quietly. “I have
no right to endanger your life.”

  He pointed out, “But that could be a
trap to split our party. I believe that it
is. You’d never reach Katumbo.”

  Her chin quivered but she insisted, “No
matter what happens to me, there is no
reason that you should die. I have been
stubborn, bull-headed. But if you’ll have
Nylabo turn the safari around ...”

   Carter put his fingers over his lips. This
was a girl of whom a man could well be
proud. For the first time he was glad she
was there. “We’re going on,” he told her.
“And we’re going on together until we
get at the bottom of this red-bearded black
god business.”

  She clung to him a moment, her firm
young body close to his. Life was short.
Death was near. And now that the wind
had died the hot black African night
pressed in on them like a shroud.

Ill

THE distant mist-tipped hills and roll-
ing green slopes were not so distant
now. The veldt grass had growm even
taller but the trail was well defined. An-
other half hour’s trek would bring them
to the river. The terror of the night, of
crawling, creeping, unseen things had
passed. It showed in the firm-stride of
the porters and the laughter of the alert
Houssa as they brought up the rear.

  A short half hour away were the savory
cooking pots of the great, sprawling Kavi-
riondo village in which Bwana Juju had

STORIES

left his up-river boys. There would be
feasting, and boasting, and songs. There
might even be a Ngoma to celebrate the
attack that they had fought off in the jun-
gle. From time to time a boy broke into
a few dance steps, slapping his palm against
his rifle stock as though it was a drum.

  Matching her pace to Carter’s, Ellen
said, “They’re just children.”

  Carter glanced back along the trail.
“With men’s responsibilities. They may
think and act like children but they fight
and die like men.” He had not mentioned
the message shot into the thorn tree since
the night before. “What sort of a man is
your brother?”

  Ellen’s eyes clouded slightly. “He’s no
better and no worse than any other. He
is adventurous. He’s had some trouble
with the law.” She blinked back tears.
“But I won’t believe, I can’t believe, that
he is the red-bearded black god!”

  “Back in Katumbo you thought he might
be.”

  “I have to know,” she said simply.

  “The chances are he’s dead,” Carter told
her quietly.

  A few hundred yards farther on a great
bend in the river they were nearing formed
a water hole. A cloud of scarlet and black
finks rose from the reeds. Blue and orange
kingfishers filled the air. Black-faced mon-
keys chattered angrily and climbed into
the trees. A white hippo waded out deeper
into the water and lay with only its nos-
trils and eyes eexposed. The wildebeeste
and young zebra took alarm with a great
pound of hoofbeats. Carter shot two wilde-
beeste. Nylabo ran down another and cut
its throat. The fresh meat would be a
welcome addition to the feasting and the
dancing the boys anticipated.

  When the safari was underway again,
Ellen spoke the question that had been in
her mind since she had met Carter in
Katumbo. Lean-faced, burned to the color
of saddle leather by the sun, quiet, cap-
able, Steve Carter was different than any
other man whom she had known. He re-
minded her slightly of the statue of Cecil
Rhodes that she had seen in Pretoria.

  “What are you doing in Africa?” she
asked.

  “What am I doing?”

  “Yes.”

  Carter packed his pipe and lit it. “It’s
RED ROGUE KILLER

109

tlie usual story,” he said smiling. “I
haven’t sense enough to leave. I came in
as a traveling doctor for a Belgian syn-
dicate and stayed to take over a district.
And I’ve been happy here. Africa is a
medical paradise. It has every disease
known to mandkind and a few that haven’t
been named.” His eyes began to glow.
“It’s the richest, most productive, conti-
nent on earth but disease and ignorance
have held it back for centuries. Tens of
thousands of acres capable of supporting
millions of men and women support only
a handful of natives because of the tsetse
and black-water fever.”

  Ellen laughed lightly. “I see. You’re
altruistic.”

  Carter shook his head. “That’s a ten
dollar word and I’m only a two thaler
doctor. Not that I ever collect,” he
grunted. “1 draw a salary for getting out
the gold and ivory. The doctoring is
thrown in free. That’s why the natives call
me Bzvana JuJu.”

  He strode on ahead to have a few words
with Nylabo. He found the Zulu studying
the trail.

  “Men have passed this way within the
hour, bwana,” Nylabo told him. He
pointed to a crushed tuft of grass not yet

The pain-maddened beast charged.
110	JUNGLE

fully sprang back. “All were black but
one. That one wore boots with heels.”
He pointed to a spoor too faint for Carter
to see. “Maybe better safari stop and Ny-
labo go ahead.”

  Carter considered. Despite their light-
ness of heart, the porters and the Houssa
were dog tired. They had trekked almost
thirty-six hours with only a few hours
rest. They were looking forward to reach-
ing the village. “How many men?” he
demanded. “The same gang that jumped
us outside of Katumbo?”

  Nylabo shook his head. “That, no man
can tell, bwana.” He studied the spoor
again. “But it was seven men who passed
and they were traveling with great speed.”

CARTER checked the safari mentally.
He still had ten Houssa and fourteen
porters. All of the porters were armed
with the guns of the men who had died.
They were only a few minutes’ trek from
a large village. It was all clear country
from here in. “We’ll push on,” he de-
cided.

  “Aywah, bwana "

  Carter dropped back to the Houssa,
pausing beside Ellen to tell her to make
certain that her gun was loaded. “It’s just
a precaution,” he told her. “I don’t think
that they’d dare to jump us here but we
can’t afford to take chances.”

  He took two shells from Kaka’s bando-
lier, pried the lead from both with his
knife, poured the powder from one of them
into the other, replaced the lead and
crimped it with his teeth.

  “Can do?”

  The big black smiled white-toothed.
“Can do.”

  “Then recharge all your shells and show
the others how to do it,” Carter ordered.
“Half a bandolier of proper shells is worth
a full bandolier of half shells that only
tickle a warrior’s ribs instead of send him
to the place of dying.”

  Kaka passed among the Houssa, ex-
plaining. They in turn helped the porters.

  Carter rejoined the girl. “Now I feel
better. But I should have thought of that
last night. I guess that I must be slip-
ping.”

  She smiled at him, half shyly. “Killing
isn’t a doctor’s business.”

  “In Africa,” he told her, “a doctor is

STORIES

just another man. He does what he has
to do.”

  Killing isn’t a doctor’s business. He
strode on silently, the note preying on his
mind. Proceed to your up-river station
where further instructions will await you.
Whoever the man was, he was out of his
mind to think that he could order him
around. He doubted that it was Barney
Sutliff. The famous soldier of fortune
was undoubtedly dead. No man could
crash a plane in the Valley of the Lost
Ones and walk out of it.

 Who was the man? What game was
he playing? What in the name of Time
could a man who proclaimed himself a
red-bearded black god want of a back bush
doctor? Where did Ismail come in? Why
had he passed out half filled shells? Was
it possible that the loot from the burned
villages w7as passing through Katumbo?
Was that why Maastrict had suggested
that a month or so in Brazza-ville would
do him good? That was difficult to be-
lieve. Still, trade had come almost to a
standstill. The company was merely
marking days off on the calender and hold-
ing on until normal times. And the lush,
rich, virginity of Africa made men greedy.

  He froze in his tracks at the shot. The
whole safari froze, the porters and the
Houssa black marble statues glistening with
sweat and carved from the rock of time.
The shot was followed by a second, then
a third. Then the drums began to pound.

CARTER raced up the trail to Nylabo.
The Zulu had just opened his mouth
to shout. A dead village sentry lay in the
trail, his limp body swarming with mur-
derous big Siafu ants and his throat a
crimson gash from ear to ear. Carter felt
the flesh. It still was warm. The man had
been dead only a matter of minutes.

  Up the trail, and across the river, a ma-
chine gun began to stutter. There was a
shrill screaming of women and children.
An oily smoke rose through the belt of
trees that screened the stream.

  Ellen looked at the body and turned her
eyes away.

  Carter told off Kaka to stay with her.
“The rest of you come on. Nylabo has
read the spoor and tells me that there are
only seven of them.”

  The Houssa raced after him gleefully,
RED ROGUE KILLER	111

boasting of the infidels that they would
kill and commending their souls to Allah,
the All-Merciful and All-Seeing. The
porters followed at their heels comparing
themselves to Bull Elephants and Tigers*
as the Zulu do. This wras no night attack
by devils. These were men, armed as they
were armed, with knives and guns and as-
segais.

  Nylabo ran easily, without effort, a hu-
man counterpart of the tawny leopard after
which he had been named. “It is a village
of three thousand fires, bwana, of at least
five hundred warriors, not to speak of the
laioni or the half grown boys capable of
wielding spears. Thus is the end of all
evil men as with the great snake who tries
to swallow more than he can digest and is
easily captured by the laioni before he can
disgorge his prey.”

  Carter hoped that he was right. He
didn't like the sound of the hard dry bucket-
ing of the machine gun. Old trade mus-
kets, knob kerries, assegais, and hide
shields were poor armor against hot lead.
Still, if Nylabo had read the spoor cor-
rectly it was five hundred odd men against
seven.

  The screaming of the women and chil-
dren grew louder as they raced through
the belt of woods and down the bank to
the ford in the yellow river. A good many
of the huts were on fire and a dense black
oily smoke screened the scene of the fight-
ing.

  Nylabo plunged into the water with Car-
ter close behind.

  When they had reached midstream in
the waist deep water a machine gun
on the far bank hemstitched a rifle of white
in red hot lead a few feet in front of them.
It was suicide to go on.

  Carter fired at the unseen machine-gun-
ner and shouted for the Houssa and the
armed porters to go back. “Fan out in the
trees and get that gunner!”

  A ragged volley blasted over his head.
The machine gun hemstitched again, much
closer this time.

  Then a heavy gun boomed on the bank
and the black machine gunner leaped into
the air. A second painted black tore the

 *The Zulu use the word Tiger for leopard after the
 South Afrikander or Boer fashion.

gun from his hands and raced on up the
far bank to disappear in the clouds of dust
and smoke that swirled in the village street.

  Nylabo forced himself through the wa-
ter in great surges. “The memsahib shoots
well,” he grinned. “WTere she of my color
and would her father sell her, for such a
Ndito would Nylabo pay many cows.”

  Carter had no time for comment. Three
huge Bakussu warriors painted in alter-
nate stripes of red and white had rushed
down the slippery mud bank into the water
to meet them. One of them raised his
arm and a hurled assegai grazed Carter’s
cheek. He shot the Bakussu between the
eyes and grappled with a second warrior
who was trying to brain him with a knob
kerrie.

  Nylabo deftly disembowled the third
Bakussu, then broke the shaft of his as-
segai across his knees lest he be tempted to
use it as a throwing spear.

  The warrior with whom Carter strug-
gled stank of rancid oil and sweat. They
strained body to body, slipping, skidding,
almost falling on the muddy bottom, nei-
ther man able to use his weapon. Then
Carter saw the man’s eyes and knew where
his strength came from. The pupils of the
Bakussu’s eyes were contracted to pin
points, the eyes themselves were blank and
slately. The Bakussu had been drugged
into a state where he knew neither fear
nor pain.

HE fought on grimly. The Bakussu’s
drugged condition could explain why
seven men had dared to attack five hun-
dred. The red-bearded black god was
fiendishly clever. He worked on the same
theory that the mad mullahs of Afghanis-
stan used when they sent drugged and re-
ligion inflamed Ghazzi out to die for Al-
lah, and in so doing break an opening in
the enemy’s ranks for the main body to
pour through.

  A thought pounded through his mind as
he fought to free his hand and sink the
muzzle of his gun into the straining black
belly that was trying to force him back
into deep w'ater.

  Three of the seven were dead. But the
fighting in the village streets still contin-
ued. Swarms of painted warriors were
diving in and out of huts putting all the
aged to the sword or the spear and driv-
112	JUNGLE

ing the young, both male and female, be-
fore them back into the inferno of smoke.
They had been tricked. This was no war
party of seven. There were hundreds of
men in the attack.

  He twisted his right hand free and
blasted three .45 slugs into the Bakussu’s
belly. The dying warrior staggered and
fell then drifted out on an eddy into a
stagnant pool already crimson with blood
and lashed white by the pound of mighty
tails.

  His superbly muscled body gleaming
with water, Nylabo stood ankle deep in
the mud of the bank and spat, “They are
skelm. They left a spoor for us to find
of but their smallest party while the main
bodies of warriors closed in from the other
three sides.”

  Carter nodded curtly. “So it would
seem.

  It was too late now for regrets.

  The Houssa had forded the river and
were clicking their knives against their
barrels cheerfully as they awaited the order
to charge.

  Helped by Kaka, Ellen clambered drip-
ping up the bank.

  Her blue eyes were blazing as she pointed
into the inferno. “What are we wait-
ing for? Those painted fiends are killing
women and children!”

  Carter made his decision. The drugged
warriors could not feel pain but they could
die. And a savage attacked was not half
so dangerous as an attacking savage.

 “Spread out as skirmishers,” he
ordered. “Make every bullet count. But do
not advance any further than the first row
of huts until the wind blows the smoke
away so we can see what we are doing.”

  The Houssa advanced to do battle shout-
ing, “Allah Akbar! There is no God but
Allah!”

  A sudden hushed lull in the fighting
followed.

  Then a loud and unreal voice bellowed
from the smoke:

  “The children of the Prophet lie! There
is no god in the Congo but the red-bearded
black god returned from the Valley of the
Lost Ones. And this say I unto you truly.
All who fail to worship and obey him must
as surely go to the place of dying as the
kypee bird picks vermin from the hide of
tembu.”

STORIES

           IV

ARTER looked sharply at Ellen.

  Her eyes were agonized. “I can’t
tell if it’s Barney,” she told him. “But if
it is, he’s done something to his voice. It’s
hard, mechanical, unreal!”

  “You, black god,” Carter called. “I
want to talk to you.”

  A burst of laughter answered. “You
were warned,” the bull voice bellowed.
“There will be no second warning.” The
voice seemed to increase in power until
it beat like a flexible mallet against the
drums of the ears of all who heard it. “The
tabu is lifted, Bwana Juju. I, black god,
say that you may die. But the time for
death is not yet. And as for the fair haired
golden one we will make a priestess of her
to serve before our shrine.”

  A howling of warriors echoed the pro-
nouncement. It was unreal, incredible, in-
sane. In the ten years he had spent in
Africa, Carter had never heard anything
like it. This is a nightmare, he decided.
I’m dreaming this. I’ll wake up back at
the station—

  The bucketing of the machine gun and
the death yell of a Houssa cut him short.
This was real.

  He ordered the men and Ellen to fling
themselves on the ground while he and
Nylabo tried to outflank the gun. They
failed. The black god wasn’t taking any
chances. By the time that they reached
the hut from which the gun had been fir-
ing, the gunner had moved farther back
into the flames and smoke.

  Nylabo wanted to push on,

  “No,” Carter stopped him. “That’s
what they want us to do. Once we got
inside that smoke we wouldn’t have a
chance.”

  They returned to the line on the bank,
and hugging the ground, the whole line
moved forward taking what cover they
could until they were only ten yards from
the first row of blazing huts.

  Her white face streaked with dirt and
her golden hair tumbling out of her hel-
met down around her shoulders, Ellen re-
fused to leave Carter’s side. “If it is
Barney, he’s mad,” she reasoned. “If he
isn’t Barney, he’s a fiend. And I’d rather
die with you than fall into their hands.”
A ricocheting bullet screamed off a rock
RED ROGUE KILLER

113

to burn across Carter’s cheek. A heavy-
burst of lead interspersed with thrown
assegais followed.

  A spear quivered in the ground an inch
from Carter’s shoulder. A blow gun dart
thudded into his helmet. The tabu had
been lifted.

  Xylabo got to one knee, discarding his
rifle, and clutching his stabbing assegai.
‘'They come, bwana. Through the
smoke.”

  As he shouted, a wave of wild-eyed
painted warriors burst through the screen
of smoke.

  There was a crackle of shots down the
line and a slow, methodical booming of
the blond girl’s Manlicher. Each time
she fired she rubbed her fragile shoulder
where the recoil of the heavy gun had
bruised it.

  A dozen warriors fell. Twenty more
raced on clutching short-bladed stabbing
assegais already red with blood. The
porters, so recently made soldiers, broke
and ran for the river, screaming. The
Houssa stood their ground. They emptied
their guns calmly, then without time to
reload, threw them from them and rose
up snatching thrown assegais still quiver-
ing in the ground and charged forward
shouting, “Allah! Allah Akbar!”

  Carter thrust Ellen behind him as a
huge brute inflamed with drugs grasped
at her hair with bloody hands. The big
black stabbed at his throat but Carter
stepped in under the blow and jabbed up
sharply with his gun butt. The steel butt
plate caught the black under the chin and
broke his neck.

  As he stepped back panting, wiping the
sweat from his eyes, he saw Nylabo put
his foot on a dead Kikuyu’s face and
wrench his assegai from the breast bone
of the man wrhom he had just killed.

  “So fought my fathers and my fathers’
fathers in the days of the great Chaka,” he
told Carter cheerfully. “The Amazulu
were a mighty nation. And while Chaka
was no god, all men wrere the king’s dogs,
killing at his nod.”

  Ellen saw the blood on Carter’s cheek
and mopped at it with a handkerchief.
“You’re hurt!”

  “It’s only a burn,” he assured her. “And
it came from a richocheting slug and not

8—Jungle Stories—Spring

a dart.” He picked the poisoned dart from
his helmet, shuddering slightly.

  What in the name of Time had he got
into? His business was healing, not kill-
ing. It seemed this nightmare would never
end. Each progressive step grew worse.
The wave of warriors who had charged
them were dead. Brave now, the porters
had returned and were chanting of their
prowess. He studied the faces of the dead.
The dying Massai had told the truth.
These were not men of one nation. Be-
neath the paint he could recognize Swahili,
Masai, Kavironda, Kikuyu, Wakambas,
Moroni, Bakussu, and even a few renegade
Houssa. They were a motley swarm
made up of many tribes.

NYLABO studied the smoking village.
The throb of the drums had long
since ceased. The shouting and the wail-
ing of the women and the children had
grown faint. The smoke had grown less
dense as the thatched huts had stopped
smouldering and given themselves to the
flame. Already the aasvogels, the great
stinking birds of carrion in this fruitful
land where life was cheap were beginning
to circle the village in anticipation of their
feast.

  “Black god!” Carter shouted.

  His voice was rolled back by the forest
in a mocking echo. There was no an-
swer. The sounds of battle and the
screaming had given way to a deadly si-
lence.

  He strode across the clearing and into
the village street. Only the dead and the
dying remained. At the far end of the
mud street, hard packed by many feet to
cement-like consistency, he could see the
last of a long thin line of men and women
yolked together winding through the trees.
As he watched, twenty or thirty painted
warriors forming the rear guard of the
slave train turned and shook their assegais
in a last gesture of defiance.

  It was useless to follow them. They
were too few. Four of the Houssa and
six of the porters were dead. Five more
were badly wounded.

  The Houssa began to flne-comb the huts.

  “Now what?” Ellen demanded.

  “I’ll be damned if I know,” Carter told
her. “My guess is that if we can find an
undamaged canoe or dug-out, we’d best
114	JUNGLE

push on up-river. At least I know the
tribes up there.”

  He told off most of the porters as burial
parties and sent two of them back for one
of the wildebeeste. After they had eaten,
they would search for a canoe.

  Nylabo kicked a scattered cooking fire
together and began to boil a great pot of
mealies while Carter and Ellen walked
among the wounded and the dying, doing
what little they could do.	./

  An aged black recognized Carter and
stretched out his thin whithered arms.
“Bwana Juju.”

 Carter knelt beside him. The aged
black’s eyes were already beginning to
glaze. “You saw him, old man?” he asked
quietly. “You saw this red-bearded black
god?”

  ,“No, bwana,” the villager told him. “It
is said that few men have seen him. His
warriors fight directed by his voice which
he throws from a great distance while he
himself, sits on a gold throne in the Valley
of the Lost Ones.”

  Carter passed his hand across his eyes.
The deeper he got into the affair the more
incredible it seemed. There was clever
chicanery here. Whoever the man was he
was playing on all the known superstitions
of the bush.

  He took his pocket case from his shirt,
filled a syringe with a morphine solution
and plunged it into the old man’s arm to
ease his dying. “What tales are told of
this black god ?” he asked.

  The old man took a brief grip on life.
“It is said that he came out of the blue,
Bwana Juju, in a great silver bird that
made much sound. And many warriors
of many tribes now serve him for they
know no dying in his service and he gives
them dreams of paradise on earth.”

  Carter translated what he had said.

Ellen stifled a sob. “I can’t believe it
of Barney. What does he hope to gain?”
“Ivory and gold and slaves,” Carter re-
plied. He turned to question the old man
further but he was lifeless.

                                  ft

BACK on the street, Nylabo reported
’ the village gold and ivory cache, stored
up to barter for trade goods, had obvi-
ously been broken into and looted. More,
the departing raiders had driven off all
the cattle,

STORIES

  “It’s a racket and a good one,” Carter
told the girl. “Your brother must have
made thousands so far.”

  “I don’t believe it,” she said hotly. “I
still don’t believe that it’s Barney. And
I won’t believe it until—”

  An excited shout from Kaka cut her
short. “Bwana Juju. Quickly come. Here
in the elder’s hut we have found a bound
and gagged Roinek in the uniform of the
Selikali!”

  “They’ve found an English soldier,”
Carter translated for Ellen. Followed by
the girl he strode rapidly down the street
to the communal hut that the flames had
spared.

  The Houssa had released the man, a
big man, six feet and more, florid-faced,
and dressed in the uniform of an officer
of the King’s African Rifles. He stared
at Carter and Ellen suspiciously, spoke
with a clipped British accent.

“I say. Might I ask who you are?”
“I’m Doctor Steve Carter,” Carter told
him. “I’ve charge of the Valley of the
Lost Ones district for the JanDeers syn-
dicate out of Bruges. And you—?”

  The other man fumbled in his pocket,
found a monocle and screwed it into his
eye before admitting, “I’ve heard of you.
And fav’bly.” He strode forward, one
lean hard hand extended. “Forgive the
nawsty suspicions. I thought that you
might be one of the gang that jumped me.
But I see now that you’re not. Thanks
a million, old man, and all that sort of
thing. I guess I’d have been a smoked
goose by now if it hadn’t been for you and
your boys.”

  Carter shook hands. “And your name?”
The other man clicked his heels and
bowed slightly from the waist. “Captain
Dinwoody Dennis of the King’s African
Rifles. At your service.” He smiled
broadly at Ellen.

  Carter had been through too much for
his mind to function clearly. This was the
last straw. “And what in the name of
Time,” he demanded, “is an officer of the
King’s African Rifles doing bound and
gagged in a blazing native village in the
heart of the Belgian Congo?”

  The smile faded from Captain Dennis’
face. “You’ve a right to ask.” He opened
a pocket of his tunic and handed a sheaf
of crisp, official-looking papers to Carter,
RED ROGUE KILLER

115

“I believe that you’ll find them in order.”
He hesitated, continued, “I came here in
search of proof of the death of two men.”
Color flooded his face. “And I had the
bloody misfortune to run into this specter
of the jungle, this foul red-bearded black
beggar who calls himself a god.”

  “You’ve seen him then?” Ellen almost
screamed.

  “I have,” Captain Dennis assured her.
“What’s more, he’s the beggar I’m after.
A chap by the name of Barney Sutliff.”
Ellen gasped, “Oh!” The color drain-
ing from her face. Carter caught her as
she fainted.

  Captain Dennis removed his monocle,
his eyes bright with concern. “I beg your
pardon. Did I say something wrong?”
“Why are you after Sutliff?” Carter
evaded the question.

  The story that Captain Dennis told him
wasn’t pleasant. A notorious South Afri-
can bushranger and outlaw, a known Nazi
sympathizer by the name of Cort Wolf,
had been sentenced to life imprisonment
on- the Rand for murder. He had escaped
somehow and had contacted Sutliff. Sut-
liff had agreed to fly him to Cairo for a
certain sum. The two men had last been
seen south of Lake Tanganyika. The plane
had not reached Stanleyville where both
Belgian and English officers had been
waiting for the precious pair. The as-
sumption was that the plane had crashed
and Captain Dennis had been sent to con-
firm the assumption.

  “I found the plane about ten days’ trek
from here,” he concluded grimly. “And
I found Cort Wolf’s body. Make a men-
tal note of that should something happen
to me.” He continued grimly, “Then I
safaried in here this morning on my way
to Katumbo and ran into this bloody hell.
I hadn’t been here an hour before those
bloody devils jumped us. And don’t think
for one moment that this Sutliff is a mad
man. He’s as sane as you or me. And
he’s cleaning up a fortune on gold, and
ivory, and slaves.”

  Still holding the unconscious girl, Carter
filled his pipe with one hand. There were
a dozen questions that he wanted to ask
but they could wait. He still had his
wounded Houssa and porters to attend to.

  “And what do you intend to do now?”
he asked quietly.

  “Get Sutliff if I die in the attempt.”
His face grim, Captain Dennis added, “And
he’ll undoubtedly try to get me. You see,
there’s this other thing now. xA.nd I’m
the only witness against him. I’ve seen
him face to face and I know that he is the
monster who is posing as this red-bearded
black god. You’re heading where from
here, old man?”

  “To the Valley of the Lost Ones.”
Dennis extended his hand again. “Then
if I may, I’ll go with you.”

  “I’ll be glad to have you,” Carter said
sincerely. The girl in his arms moaned
slightly as consciousness began to return.
“But do me a favor, Dennis. Soft peddle,
the fact that you know that Barney Sutliff
is the red-bearded black god.”

  Captain Dennis drew himself up stiffly.
“Oh, I say now. Why—?”

  “Because this is Ellen Sutliff, his sis-
ter,” Carter tol.d him quietly.

  The captain’s already florid face grew
scarlet.

  “Oh, I say now,” he said. “I do say. I
am frightfully sorry and all that sort of
thing.”

V

STEADILY, day after day, the banks
of the N’gesi had narrowed. The
water had become less muddy, the current
grown swifter. Now, in places, the pad-
dlers had to bend their backs double against
the frothing water that sought to sweep
the big canoe down stream or dash it
against one of the sharp edged rocks that
rose from the river bed as if to bar the
way into the Valley of the Lost Ones.

  Here the leafy branches of huge trees
met overhead to form an eerie green tun-
nel. Black faced monkeys scampered
through the branches. Large, gaudily
plumed birds screamed raucously. Long,
gray, warted, crocodiles lay in the shallows
and back-waters watching the progress of
the canoe with smaljl, evil, blood-red eyes.
Several times they heard great beasts they
could not see crashing through the under-
brush.

  In places where the river widened they
could see that they were among the foot
hills. Over all hung a shimmering vapor
of opalescent mist. Outside of the chat-
tering of the monkeys and the screaming
116	JUNGLE

of the many birds the silence was profound.

  “It is like being in a church whose ceil-
ing is the sky,” Ellen confided to Carter
soberly. “It’s like moving through some
prehistoric world that mankind has not yet
discovered.”

  His uniform shirt black with sweat,
Captain Dennis feathered his paddle. “How
much farther?”

  “We’ll reach the station by night,” Car-
ter told him.

  He was worried. He had been worried
for days. His eyes tried again and again
to pierce the green wall that hemmed them
in. He had a feeling that they were being
watched. It had persisted for days. Nights,
he had insisted that they camp on sand
spits in the middle of the river. He was
beginning to wonder if they had been wise
in pushing on to the up-river station. It
might perhaps have been better to have
struck south toward Kabola or Kanda
Kanda. Still, he owed a duty - to his na-
tives. They trusted in, depended on him.

  As they rounded a bend in the river
they caught their first sight of man since
leaving the burned Kikuyu village. They
upped the beat of the paddles but before
they could reach him he had stepped back
into the green wall. Later, signal drums
began to pound.

  Dennis mopped sweat from his florid
face. “What name people this place?” he
asked Nylabo.

  “Akesi,” the Zulu grunted. He had
taken an active dislike to the captain. Noth-
ing that Carter could say would move
him.

  “So.” Dennis raised one eyebrow.
“Leopard men, eh?”

  “They’re a zoomorphic tribe,” Carter
admitted. “But they aren’t real leopard
men. At least we haven’t had an outbreak
in the ten years that I’ve been here.”

  “I don’t trust any natives,” Dennis
scowled. “Give them an inch and they’ll
cut your throat.”

  Ellen moved closer to Carter. Her eyes
were wide with wonder. “Those drums—”
He shook his head. “They’re nothing
to worry about. Those aren’t war drums.”
He chuckled. “That’s only jungle West-
ern Union. That Akesi sentry who spotted
us just informing the village that Bwana
Juju is returning.”

  She laughed but her eyes remained wor-

STORIES

ried. “It sounds more like a party line
to me.”

  They began to pass cultivated fields that
had been carved out of the jungle and
planted to manioc. The women working
in the fields looked up shyly. The warriors
guarding them raised their assegais in
greeting and shouted, “Jambo, Bwana
Juju.”

  The fear left Ellen’s eyes. “They like
you. They’re glad to see you.”

  “Home town boy returns after losing
his shirt in the bloody jungle,” Captain
Dennis said dryly. “What did you do to
make them like you so? Go native?”
Nylabo looked up sharply, his tawny
eyes slitted with hate. He did not like this
British bwana. Both his words and his
fists wrere hard. Several times he had
struck at him and cursed him for no other
reason he could see but that his skin was
of another color.

  “No,” Carter shrugged. “I merely treat
them like human beings. It’s a good policy
in the Congo.”

  Dennis exploded, “Bah! What all blacks
need is a taste of the whip, and often.”
He scowled at Nylabo’s back. “That boy
of yours for example. If he were mine
I’d teach him to step lively and keep a civil
tongue in his head with a well laid on
fifty kibokos lashes.”

  “Wah!” Nylabo laid down his paddle
and reached for his short hafted assegai.
The Houssa whooped with excitement.
“Stop it,” Carter ordered sharply. “Get
back to your paddling, Nylabo. And you
quit riding Nylabo, Captain Dennis. We’re
all overstrained. We’ve been through too
much. We aren’t ourselves.”

  “I’m myself,” Dennis said coldly, but
he resumed his paddling.

IT was difficult for Carter to understand
the man. He had grown more arrogant
and overbearing with each rising sun. He
had failed to do his share of the paddling.
He had insisted that Nylabo wait on him.
More, Carter did not like the way that
the Englishman looked at Ellen. He hoped
that he would not have trouble with him.
But he was afraid that he would. He had
seen other men, too small for Africa, go
cafard. Here there were no half way
measures. Africa either made a man, or
broke him.
RED ROGUE KILLER	117

LATE that afternoon they put in at the
Akesi village only a few miles below
the station. Carter was relieved to find
it standing. The villagers were glad to
see him. Cooking fires were lighted.
Gourds of palm toddy were proffered.
Swarms of naked children followed him
up the street. “Jambo, Bwana Juju” was
echoed from all sides. Comely, full-
breasted, Akesian girls, wearing bright
colored prints and calicoes wound about
their bodies, joked and laughed with the
Houssa and openly admired Ellen’s hair.

  “They’re pretty,” she said, smiling.
“They could be Arab women.”

  He explained that they were on the old
slave trail, that for years the Akesi witch
doctors had purchased their vestal virgins
from the slavers. As a result the tribe
was a mixture of Arab, Wahuma, Ora-
savo, and half-caste Arabeezi blood. “Why
the red-bearded black god has left this
tribe alone, I’ll never know. Either he’s
saving them for his final clean-up or he's
afraid of them.”

  Dennis snorted, “Rot. From what I’ve
seen he’s not afraid of anyone.”

  Carter shrugged and proceeded to his
business with the chief. After an hour’s
hard bargaining, and by payment of most
of the trade goods he had salvaged, he ar-
ranged for two dozen warriors to accom-
pany him to the station and on into the
Valley of the Lost Ones when he had or-
ganized his safari.

  As he rose to return to the river, Ny-
labo touched his arm and told him that
M’Pembi wished to see him.

  The aged witch doctor’s hut was on the
far edge of the village, set apart from the
others. A black male leopard skin covered
the doorway.

  M’Pembi, a wrinkled black gray with
great age, sat on a mat in front of the
hut casting his knuckle bones in the dust
and looking from time to time into the
grotesquely shaped earthen pit which he
claimed contained the souls of the lost
ones with whom he communed.

  The old man was not an Akesi. In the
days when he had had teeth they had been
filed. He boasted that in his youth, dur-
ing the red rubber days of the Congo, he
had been the chief of a cannibal tribe that
had never tasted other flesh but that which
had come from man.

  ‘‘Jambo, Ancient,” Carter greeted him
gravely.

  “Jambo, Bwana Juju,” the old man an-
swered. “Your mouti is of the body and
does much good. But M’Pembi reads a
warning in the pot.” He stretched out a
clawlike hand. “You give M’Pembi tom-
bacco.”

  Carter placed a can of snuff in the
wrinkled hand. “What is it M’Pembi
would tell me?”

  Ellen watched fascinated as the old man
cast the bones. Captain Dennis who had
strolled up behind them, repeated, “Rot.
We’ve no time for witch craft. If you’ve
made arrangements for your boys let’s be
on our way.”

  “In a moment.”

  Miffed, Dennis strode back to the land-
ing, appraising the comely features of the
women whom he passed.

  M’Pembi stared after him thoughtfully,
then passed his wrinkled hand over the
pot and a greenish vapor spiraled up like
some disembodied serpent.

   Ellen’s fingers tightened on Carter’s arm.

  “You come from Katumbo, Bwana
Juju,” M’Pembi said finally. “Death has
followed your safari. Many men have
died.”

  Nylabo squatted on his heels at a re-
spectful distance. “Aywah,” he said in
awe.

  “Anyone could guess that,” Ellen said,
uncertainly. “Let’s go.”

  “Wait.”

  M’Pembi passed his hand over the pot
again and the green vapor turned to red.

  Aywah,” he droned. “Much blood was
spilled in a great Kikuyu village w’here the
banks of the N’gesi are wide and the water
is colored yellow. I see smoke and flames
and dying. I hear the screaming of women
and children. I see a long slave train of
young men and women yolked together
and guarded by painted warriors.”

  Nylabo rocked on his heels. “Aywah.
M’Pembi is a mighty smeller out of men.”

  “And the warning?” Carter demanded.

THE old man’s thin body quivered like
a leaf whipped by the wind. “The
past is not finished yet, bwana.” He peered
into the pot intently. “I can see a white
man with a great voice who falsely pro-
claims that he is a god and black of skin.
118	JUNGLE

He came out of the sky, this man, in a
great silver bird with a broken wing and
the men of his race believe him dead.”
“That’s a lie!” Ellen cried hotly. ‘‘Bar-
ney isn’t the black god. He isn’t. You
—you’re just pinning these crimes onto
him because it’s the easiest thing to do.”
Her nerves shattered by the bloodshed she
had witnessed and the long trek up river,
she began to cry.

  Carter attempted to take her by the
shoulders. “Ellen. You don’t understand.
You—”

  She shrugged herself free. “Don’t touch
me.”

  Before he could stop her, she ran swiftly
along the street to the landing, climbed
into the canoe where she sat sobbing.

  Captain Dennis attempted to console her.
She told him to go away. He shrugged
and paced the crude landing, whistling a
popular air.

  “Go on, M’Pembi,” Carter said.

  The aged black picked up the pot and
stared into it, the spiral of vapor coiling
up on either side of his gray poll like horns.
“The Bwana Juju is being deceived,” he
announced finally. “A man whom he trusts
is not worthy.”

  How much the old man read out of the
pot and how much he had learned by some
mysterious telepathy of his own, Carter
never was able to decide. But in Africa
strange things happened. And his warn-
ings were always sound. The man whom
he trusted could be either Ismail or Maas-
trict. The black god had to have an out-
let for his gold and ivory and slaves.

  Nylabo asked, “You can read this man’s
name, oh, wizard?”

  “Wah.” The old man bobbed his head.
“I have no need to read it. The lost ones
have whispered it in my ear. His name is
spoken plainly as—”

  He broke off to slap at his wrinkled fore-
head. But the object that he slapped at
only sank the deeper. The circle of watch-
ers pushed forward, curious. Then a moan
rose from the crowd. With a gigantic ef-
fort of will M’Pembi had plucked the thing
from his forehead and held it up for all to
see. It was a poisoned kalchi dart shot
from a blow-gun.

  Nylabo leaped to his feet, his eyes
searching the leaves of the trees that over-
looked the hut. The men in the circle

STORIES

around the wizard ran shouting for their
weapons. Deep in the heart of the village
war drums began to throb.

  Carter knelt beside the witch doctor.
“His name—”

  “His name, Bwana Juju ” the old man
said with an effort. “His name is—” The
powerful poison surged through his body,
holding him rigid a moment, then his tooth-
less chin sank on his chest. He was dead.

A SHRILL scream that rose above the
shouting of the warriors and the
pulsing throb of the drum brought Carter
to his feet. It was Ellen screaming from
the river.

  A hundred voices echoed the shrill
scream. “The black god! The black god
is attacking from the river!”

  A ragged burst of shots rippled from
the landing as a large war canoe grounded
in the mud and thirty painted warriors
leaped out.

  The Houssa and the porters had fol-
lowed their white bwana into the village
to ogle the girls. Except for a few curious
children, Ellen and Captain Dennis had
been alone at the landing.

  Carter raced for the river, knowing that
he would be too late. It was one man
against thirty. The warriors were ignor-
ing the village and the on-rushing Akesi to
concentrate on Dennis. He was the center
of a milling, shouting mob who were beat-
ing at him with knob-kerries and thrusting
with assegais.

  Carter heard his gun bark six times.
But long before he could come within ac-
curate shooting distance, without fear of
hitting Ellen, the savages had overpowered
Dennis and had thrust him with Ellen
into their canoe that was now surging on
up river, white water curling from twenty
flashing paddles.

  There were no canoes left in which to
follow. The black god’s men had seen to
that. All of the Akesi canoes at the land-
ing had been smashed. Carter ran a few
feet along the river bank, tripped on a
•thick vine and fell. He got to his feet,
cursing, his gun barrel jammed with mud.

  Then a man rose in the stern of the
canoe. Even under the masking paint that
streaked his nude body and face, Carter
recognized Ismail, the Arab.

  “In the name of god, peace be with you,”
the Arab jeered, “Thanks for bringing
RED ROGUE KILLER

119

the golden one so far. The black god
thanks you.”

  What else he said was lost. The canoe
swept around a bend in the river and was
gone.

  Carter trudged wearily back to the land-
ing, his mind confused. Ismail’s presence
this high on the river could mean much.
It could mean that Sutliff had finished with
his raids, that he had made his pile and
was getting out while the getting was still
good. He doubted that Sutliff, mad or
sane, would harm his sister. But he knew
what would happeen to Dennis. The Eng-
lishman, turned over to the drug inflamed
renegades of many tribes, would be tor-
tured until he died.

  He stared glumly at the ground. All
he could do was organize a safari and fol-
low. Ellen’s face rose before him and he
winced. She had been so certain that her
brother was not the black god. He prayed
that she would be safe.

  In the short twelve days that he had
known her he had grown more fond of
Ellen than he had realized. She was a fit
mate for a jungle man. She, too, loved the
jungle, even if she feared it.

  Nylabo, his tawny skin glistening with
sweat, broke into his brief meditation.
“Lord, Bwana—”

  “Yes—”

  “Bwana Dennis struggled fiercely? He
shot many times with his gun until it was
empty? The painted warriors beat him
with their knob-kerries and stabbed him
w’ith their assegais?”

  “They did. Many times.” Carter looked
at the Zulu, puzzled. “You saw it. He
put up a darn good fight before he was
overpowered.”

  “Aywah, bzvana,” the Zulu answered.
“But here is very strange magic.” His
keen eyes swept the landing and the
churned up mud. “When men fight to the
death, they bleed. And nowhere can Ny-
labo see blood.”

  Carter’s eyes followed Nylabo’s.

  There was no blood on the landing.
There was no blood in the mud. The pre-
tended struggle had been faked. Dennis
had been one-of the gang.

  That was why he had returned to the
landing.

  That was why M’Pembi had been killed.
Captain Dennis had been the man to whom

he had been about to name. And whoever
the florid faced man was, he wasn’t Captain
Dennis of the King’s African Rifles. He
was an impostor, a fake. He was traveling
with either forged or stolen papers.

VI

DAWN of the following day tinted the
hills with crimson. Nylabo, who had
searched all night, found the spoor where
the attacking party had left the river. There
were thirty men in the party, traveling
fast. The small imprint of Ellen’s heels
were plain in the soft mud of the bank.

  He waited for the rest of the safari to
join him, then followed the spoor to a trail
that wound down through the hills into
the mist shrouded valley. It was a perfect
hide-out. Except for the black god’s own
men, their senses dulled by drugs, and the
Akesi, themselves dabblers in black magic,
there were, perhaps, in all the Congo no
other tribes who would dare to enter the
valley.

  The remaining Kikuyu porters deserted
in a body as Carter made his preparations
to descend. Despite the fact that the morn-
ing air was biting cold this high, the
Houssa clutched their rifles with sweating
hands as they stared at the sea of vapor
below them. It was useless for Carter to
explain that the gray vapors, opalescent
in the rising sun, were not the shades of
dead men but steam rising from small vol-
canic springs in the bottom of the valley.

  Kaka made their decision for them. “We
follow, Bwana Juju,” he told Carter, “to
wrestle with Sheitani, the devil, for the-
soul of the gold haired memsahib” He
prayed piously toward Mecca. “But may
Allah have mercy on our souls.”

  The Akesi, skeleton-limbed, thin-faced,
human bundles of steel wire, said nothing.
They knew this valley well. Before the
coming of the black god the Leopard men
had used it often for certain unspeakable
rituals of their owrn. More, they had
M’Pembi to avenge.

  Carter and Nylabo leading, the safari
began a slow descent, wary of posted sen-
tries. How many men the black god had,
Carter had no way of knowing. He did
know that he had lost better than thirty
men in the attaack on the big Kikuyu vil-
lage. There had been thirty men in the
120	JUNGLE

 canoe and at least one man in the trees,
 the man who had killed M'Pembi. They
 could be all, or only a small part of his
 force. But there were only so many rogues
 in the Congo. He did not know now how
 the warriors had been recruited. As the
 interpreter at Katumbo, Ismail had access
 to the district police records. He had been
 in a position to know the renegades of
 every tribe, savage outlaws who had killed
 before and who would kill again for lust,
 or for drug-induced dreams, or for booty.
 The self-styled red-bearded black god had
 offered them all three.

   The trail was narrow and tangled with
 vines that clutched at their feet like so
 many green, malignant, blind snakes. As
 his eyes grew accustomed to the mist, Car-
 ter could see that the vegetation here was
 far more lush than any that he had ever
 seen before. This was truely a pre-his-
 > toric world. Bushes grew to tree size.
 Trees grew into grotesque monstrosities
 that towered into the mist. With every
 step he took, it became more difficult to
 breath. It was like descending into some
 fetid hot house. There was a stench of
 rot and damp decay. A constant conden-
 sation dripped from the leaves. Great
 white and purple, loathsome, orchids clung
 to the bark of the trees like spiders. Sweat
 started on his forehead as, far off, he heard
 a distant roaring of some huge beast in
 pain.

   “Tembu,” K’Tooma, the leader of the
 Akesi, told him.

    He described a large elephant with his
 hands, then licked his lips. “Sometimes
 fall in hot spring. Boil.”

    Carter repressed a shudder with an ef-
 fort. He was glad when the trumpeting
 of the dying beast had ceased. He could
 not understand how Barney Sutliff had
 crashed a plane in this white misted green
 hell and lived. By questioning K’Tooma
 he learned that although the Leopard men
 had never penetrated the valley that far,
 the north end reputedly rose above the
 level of the south and was said to be rock
 floored.

   Several paces on, Nylabo stopped
 abruptly, stepped to one side of the trail
 and placed a finger on his lips for silence.

    Carter stared into the mist, incredulous.
 What appeared to be two animated skele-
 tons, their bony hands dangling almost to

STORIES

their bony knees, were climbing the trail
toward them.

  The Houssa stopped in their tracks, their
black skin ashen, their breath hissing from
their lips.

  “No shooting!” Carter whispered. “And
stand still!”

  As the two skeletons came closer he
could see that they were men, huge, ape-
like, Bakussu, their black bodies daubed
with white clay to give them their un-
earthly appearance. The red-bearded black
god, still playing on the superstitions of
the natives was posting a guard on his
back trail.

BOTH savages stunk of palm toddy and
wove slightly from side to side as
they walked, not yet fully recovered from
their orgy of the night before. When they
saw the frozen Houssa, both men raised
their assegais and charged with fiendish
glee expecting to plunge their broad blades
in the backs of frightened, running men.

  The Houssa held. Nylabo and Carter
stepped from their places of concealment,
clapped their hands over the ape men’s
mouths before the baffled killers could turn,
and plunged their knives repeatedly into
the Bakussu’s bare chests.

  It was over in a moment. They died
without an outcry. Carter felt no re-
morse. These men and their kind had kid-
naped Ellen. He smiled grimly as the
burly-bodied skeleton slid from his knife.
There was one distinct advantage in be-
ing a doctor in the Congo. A doctor knew
how to save lives. But he also knew how
to kill. His first thrust with the blade
had plunged it into the would-be killer’s
heart.

  When Nylabo had dispatched his man,
they halted for a brief consultation. It
was unlikely that other sentinels had been
posted. The black god was too certain of
himself. They could push on with greater
speed now. Every moment might count.

  K’Tooma was certain that if the red-
bearded black god’s camp was in the valley
that it would be at the north end where
there were reputed to be rock caves in the
hills, and beyond the caves a tunnel that
was said to lead under the hills and con-
nect with the old slave trail that wound
north-east out of the Congo across the
wastes of the south Sudan,
RED ROGUE KILLER

121

  Carter and Nylabo still leading, the death
safari moved on again, now at a rapid
stride, now at a fast dog trot.. It was as
K’Tooma had said. The heat remained
intense but the lush vegetation fell behind
them to be replaced by a crumbling rock
in which thousands of hot springs bub-
bled. Here there was no animal life but
a few snakes, none of them deadly, and
out-sized vanka lizards.

  At the end of a half hour’s trek, a gldam
of silver metal shone through the mist. It
was Barney Sutliff’s plane. Both wings
and the tail were crumpled. The motor
had wrenched free and bounded a hundred
yards away. The door was sprung but the
small cabin was intact.

  Carter peered into it thoughtfully. There
was dried blood on the pilot’s seat. There
was also a gaping hole where the two-way
radio had been.

  Carter pointed it out to Nylabo, Kaka,
and -K’Tooma. He knew the answer to
one of the questions that had puzzled him.
He knew now why the red-bearded black
god’s voice had so much force and why it
had sounded so metallic. He was simply
using a radio amplifier connected to a small
portable battery.

  Some of his fear left Kaka. “Voice come
from box,” he nodded sagely. “No God
only Allah.”

  Carter took his place at the head of the
safari and motioned it on again. He
doubted they had much farther to go. The
springs were growing fewer and were more
widely spaced. The mist had begui> to
thin.

  A half mile beyond the plane the rock
plateau began to climb in a rugged series
of slate stairs that some cataclysmic up-
heaval of the earth had formed. Then the
hot springs and the mist ceased abruptly.
Across a level floor of stone a sheer face
of rock towered five hundred feet in the
air.

  K’Tooma insisted, “It is the end of the
valley, Bwana Juju. Beyond here no men
may go.”

  Nylabo spat disdainfully. They had
passed no camp. The sentries they had
slain on the trail had come from some-
where. There must be some way through
the face of rock.

  Carter’s sharp eyes searching the barrier
caught a flash of movement between two

great boulders to their right and set flush
with the cliff.

  “Down! Take cover behind the rocks!”
he ordered.

  The words had hardly left his lips when
a hideously painted warrior stepped out
from between the boulders as if to see if
the way was clear. A moment later a six-
man patrol, armed only with long blow
guns, trotted out from the cleft in the rock
and headed up the valley at a run. Their
eyes were clouded with drugs. They were
so intent on what they had been sent to
do that they failed to see the men behind
the rocks although one warrior passed so
close to the small boulder behind which
Carter was crouched that he could have
reached out and touched him with his hand.

  The guard stared after the patrol until
they had disappeared into the mist, then
stepped back between the buolders.

  Carter thought grimly, “There goes my
execution squad.”

IT was logical to assume that the black
god had reasoned that while his ape
warriors painted to resemble skeletons
might frighten off the Akesi and the
Houssa, that he and Nylabo would trek
on alone. They would have to work fast
now. There would be hell to pay when
the patrol found the two sentries dead.

  He motioned the Akesi and the Houssa
to stay hidden and squirmed across the
open space to the rock behind which Ny-
labo had crouched. “You take charge,”
he whispered tersely.

  Nylabo stared at him, surprised. “You
go where, Bwana Juju?”

  Carter explained, “I’m going to see if I
can’t knock that guard out before he can
raise an alarm. I don’t know how many
men the black god has. But I do know
that We’re outnumbered. Our only chance
is to surprise them.”

  He left the safety of the rock and began
to crawl. If another patrol should emerge,
if the patrol should chance to turn back,
if the guarda should come to the entrance
again—Carter hated to think what would
happen. Thirty feet from the rock he un-
tied his shoes, kicked them off, got quietly
to his feet and covered the rest of the dis-
tance in a running crouch.

  Protected by the rock wall, he flattened
his back against it until he could get his
122	JUNGLE

breath, then peered cautiously around one
of the big boulders into the dark of the
tunnel.

  The guard was quatted just inside the
entrance. He was a savage, middle-aged
Bakussa with an evil, dissipated, face. As
Carter watched him he picked up a joint
of beef and began to gnaw on it hungrily,
glancing over his shoulder from time to
time as if expecting his relief.

  Carter picked up a small pebble and
tossed it out onto the rock plateau across
which he just had crawled. The savage
reacted as he expected him to. As the
pebble clattered on the rock, he dropped
the meat, snatched up an assegai and rushed
to the mouth of the tunnel.

  Carter swung his reversed gun like a
club. The blow stunned the barrel-chested
savage briefly but failed to knock him out.
A hoarse shout bursting from his throat,
he dropped the assegai, whipped a knife
from his loin cloth and hurled himself at
Carter.

  The knife sliced down Carter’s arm, slit-
ting his shirt sleeve from his shoulder to
his wrist and drawing a crimson line in
his flesh. Desperate, he attempted to re-
verse his gun and the huge savage knocked
it spinning from his hand.

  “Tabu no more,” he grunted. “Now
Bwana Juju die!”

  His stinking breath was hot and foul in
Carter’s face as the white man fought des-
perately to escape from the powerful arms
that were slowly but certainly crushing
him.

  The Bakussu’s flesh was greased beneath
his paint. Carter twisted and turned and
beat at the leering face now only inches
from his own, but he could not break the
hold. His breath was coming in painful
gasps. Death was not far away. Once
his body went limp, the black would break
his spine like a match stick.

  Carter’s eyes bulged from their sockets

111	pain. Then the Bakussu, not he, went
limp. The black arms fell away from his
sides. His already glazing eyes incredu-
lous, the savage stepped back staring at
the sharp tip of the assegai blade that was
prortuding from his bowels while the
wood shaft stood out behind him like an
obscene tail.

 “Wah!” Kaka admired. “That was
truly a mighty throw.”

STORIES

  Nylabo bounded across the rock to re-
trieve the assegai that he had snatched
from K’Tooma’s sheaf.

  Carter thank him for his life.

  “It was nothing,” the Zulu answered
modestly, but he was pleased. He added
quietly, “It was perhaps M’Pembi’s spirit
who gave strength to my arm.”

  K’Tooma nodded gravely as Nylabo re-
trieved the assegai and returned it. “\Vah.
The spear shall stand in a place of honor
when we have returned to the village.”
Carter fingered the long cut on his arm.
He was beginning to wonder if they would
return. The odds against them were heavy.
Blood dripping from the long cut in his
arm, he strode rapidly down the tunnel
toward the dim light at the far end. Time,
time, time. They were fighting against
time.

THE dim light became blazing sun-
shine. The tunnel opened into a second
small cup-shaped valley, green, and fer-
tile, and once beautiful. But the red-
bearded black god had turned it into a hell
hole and an abattoir. The stinking hides
and bloody bones of slaughtered cattle lay
in heaps. Inside a high stake barricade,
a thousand young black men and women,
of a dozen different tribes, milled and
shrieked and groaned in pain as huge ne-
groes, under the direction of Ismail, fas-
tened rusted fetters and chains around their
necks. Wearing a snow white burnoose,
Ismail darted among them, driving them
into their places in the slave train with
heavy blows of a kibokos, the native whip
made from Hippo hide.

  Great piles of tusks, some gleaming
white, some green with age, dotted the
floor of the valley waiting to be shouldered
by the slaves. Here and there were smaller
piles covered with matting and guarded
by painted warriors. These Carter knew
were gold. Gold washed laboriously from
the rivers of the Congo and hoarded in
porcupine quills against a day of famine
when they could be traded to the white
men for life. The wealth represented was
tremendous. In the short time that he
had been operating, at the cost of a few
cheap tricks, and by catering to the baser
nature of a hundred renegades who killed
for the love of killing, the red-bearded
black god and Ismail had stolen enough
RED ROGUE KILLER	123

gold, and ivory, and slaves to net them
hundreds of thousand of pounds.

  With an effort, he turned his eyes from
the slave stockade to the hills. The green
slopes were dotted with caves. Ellen was
being held in one of them. The question
was, which one.

  As he stood hesitating, a drunken rene-
gade Masai, obviously the relief that the
dead Bakussu had been expecting, stag-
gered up the slope toward the mouth of
the tunnel.

  Carter retreated a few feet into the dark
of the tunnel. “Don’t kill him,” he or-
dered. “But don’t let him cry out.”

  His eyes blinded briefly by the sudden
transition of light to gloomy half-light, the
Masai did not see the men at first. When
he did and opened his mouth to shout a
warning, Nylabo pressed an assegai against
his throat so hard that the sharp point
pierced the skin.

  “Cry out and you die!” he warned him.
The man attempted to collect his be-
fuddled wits. He glanced fearfully over
his shoulder. “Do I not cry out, I die.”
Nylabo shrugged and told him in his
own language. “The choice is with you.
But we have not walked this long way with
death for boori. Either tell us where the
white memsahib with hair like the midday
sun is being held a captive or—” He
pressed his assegai a little harder until a
rivulet of blood ran down the man’s painted
chest.

  “Talk,” Carter ordered, “or so help me,
I’ll stake you on art ant hill. Where are
they holding the girl ?”

  The Masai wet his lips and pointed to
a cave. “She and the red-bearded black
god are together, bwana ” he said pain-
fully. “But if the bwana should try to
enter the cave he will surely died. The
red-bearded black god has said so.”
Carter fingered the butt of his gun. “I'll
chance that.”

  He considered the location of the cave.
To reach it, he would have to circle the
valley. It would be a simple matter at
night. But night was hours away, and
every moment counted. At any moment
they could expect to hear the excited shouts
of the returning patrol, racing back to
camp with news that the sentries were
dead and that the spoor found on the trail
was that of Bwana Juju. If he could res-

cue Ellen and get back to the tunnel before
the alarm was sounded, even with as few
men as he had, they would have an excel-
lent chance of fighting their way back
through the Valley of the Lost Ones to
the upper reaches of the N’gesi and the
station.

  “You come with me, Nylabo,” he made
his decision. “The rest of you stay here
and cover us as best you can. If we don’t
run into trouble we should be back in half
an hour. If we do,” he shrugged. “If
we do, you’ll have to fight your own way
back as best you can.”

  Together the two men slipped from the
tunnel into the screening green. By the
time they had covered half the distance
to the cave, the roaring of orders and the
crack of the whip had stopped. From the
fires that had been used to forge fetters
came the savory odor of roasting meat.
Carter looked at the sun and cursed. It
was the hour of the mid-day meal. He had
hoped that the confusion below them would
continue.

  Now crawling across a bare spot on their
bellies, now running crouched from tree
to tree, they reached a spot fifty feet from
the cave, unseen.

  Nylabo listened intently, said sadly, “The
Masai did not lie. The memsahib is in
this cave. But she weeps, bwana, she
weeps, after the manner of her kind.”

   Carter gritted his teeth. If the foul fiends
had harmed Ellen—he realized his own
impotence and scowled. The odds against
them were even worse than he had fig-
ured. If he and Nylabo were discovered
before they could return with Ellen to the
tunnel the best they could hope for would
be a sudden death. It was far more likely
they would be tortured, perhaps staked out
on an ant heap as he had threatened the
Masai.

INCH by inch they crawled to the edge
of the screening trees and underbrush.
Then Carter cocked his gun and dashed
across the remaining open space followed
by ISiylabo. Whether they had been seen
from the floor of the valley or not, they
had no way of knowing.

  Ellen had been kneeling beside a cot,
her back to the mouth of the cave. She
stood up, frightened, as they entered, her
golden hair streaming down around her
124	JUNGLE

shoulders and her white cheeks streaked
with tears. She took a short step back-
wards, staring at Carter as though he were
a ghost

  One hand caught at her throat.

  “You’re dead. They told me you were
dead!”

  Carter shook her lightly, smiled, “Don’t
you believe it. Come on. We’re getting
out of here.”

  Her eyes lighted with hope, then grew
dull. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
“I can’t go, I can’t,” she sobbed. “I can’t
leave Barney. He’s sick.”

  “Damn Barney!” Carter rapped. “He’s
nothing but a—” He broke off and whirled
toward the mouth of the cave as a ripple
of shots echoed from the lip of the tunnel,
followed a moment later by shrill cries of
rage that swiftly turned into shouts of
alarm. The blow gun patrol that had been
sent to kill him had returned.

  It was too late to escape quietly now. If
they got out at all, they would have to
fight their way. He swung back and stared
at the figure on the cot. The man was
huge and red bearded. He was as dark
as his sister was fair, and further burned
a deep copper by the sun. A dirty' blood
stained bandage was wound around his
head. His eyes were bright with fever.

  “Okay. So they may get us,” he said
curtly. “But first, I’ll get the dirty killer
behind this.” He pressed the muzzle of
his gun to the other man’s temple.

  “No, Steve, please,” Ellen sobbed. “You
don’t understand. Barney isn’t the red-
bearded black god. He’s just a figurehead.
He’s been ill, out of his head since they
crashed. They’ve just been using him as
a scape goat. The real brain behind all
this—”

  Carter swung back toward the mouth of
the cave as a man chuckled softly—“is the
so-called Captain Dennis.”

  Behind him, Ismail leered, “May Allah
have mercy on his soul.”

  The big, florid-faced man eyed Carter
with amusement. “So we meet again.” The
half-smile faded from his lips. “Bah. You
begin to get in my hair. So help me, for
reasons of my own I did not want to kill
you. I wanted you to live. But you insist on
dying.”

  Carter saw the whole thing now—too
late. He had been stupid. The real Captain

STORIES

Dennis was dead, murdered for his pass-
port and his papers. This man was Cort
Wolf, the escaped murderer and bush-
ranger who somehow had wangled Barney
Sutliff into flying him out of South Africa
into the Congo. He lifted the gun in his
hand until the muzzle leveled on Wolf’s
heart.

  “What’s to keep me from killing you,
Wolf?”

  “Ellen,” the other man smiled. “If I
should die, it might prove unpleasant for
her. You know Ismail slightly I believe.
And without my restraining influence, he
would undoubtedly sell the girl with the
rest of our merchandise.”

  Carter lowered the gun. The thought
of Ellen sold as a slave was unspeakable.
He started to speak, stopped suddenly as
he realized that Nylabo was no longer in
the cave.

  Wolf laughed uproariously at his ex-
pression. “Perhaps you realize by now
that your magic is not as good as it might
be,” he spat the words scornfully, “Bwana
Juju. Your Zulu boy has more sense than
you have. When he saw Ismail and me
coming he dropped his assegai and scram-
bled up the slope as fast as he could go.”
His voice grew cold. “Now drop that
gun or so help me we’ll strip and whip
the girl before you.”

  Carter allowed the gun to thud to the
ground. “So now what happens to me?”
he asked quietly.

  Wolf picked up the gun and weighed it
in his palm. “I have not yet decided,” he
told him.

VII

THE HOT heavy blackness of the night
pressed against Carter’s eyelids like a
weight. There was no sound in the cave
but the hoarse breathing of the dying man
and the soft sobbing of the girl.

  Wolf had timed his departure well. The
slave train, loaded with its stolen booty,
was moving out when the moon had fully
risen. Barney Sutliff would die before it
left. Even now his breathing had grown
labored.

  Carter strained vainly at the baobab
ropes that bound his wrists and ankles. It
was useless. They were even tighter than
they had been, shrunken by the night dew,
RED ROGUE KILLER

125

Grim-eyed, he rolled to the mouth of the
cave and stared down into the valley.

  It was like looking into some red hell
peopled by shrieking black demons. Fan-
tastically painted figures leaped and howled
around the fires as they enjoyed to the
utmost the last disgusting debauch in which
Wolf was indulging his men. From time
to time one of them would stagger into the
stake stockade to reappear with a scream-
ing young female slave who would be
forced to join in the orgy.

  Across the valley, in the lip of the tun-
nel, an occasional streak of orange still
lighted the night as the trapped Houssa
and Akesi fought a losing battle. Their
attackers could not get at them, but neither
could they escape. They were trapped
between two fires and doomed to die of
starvation if the blow-guns and hurled as-
segais did not kill them.

  Carter thought of Nylabo and winced.
The Zulu’s desertion hurt him. After all
that they had been through together, it
didn’t seem credible.

  Ellen stopped her soft sobbing asked,
“What are they going to do with us,
Steve?” The girl was unbound but two
evil-faced Bakussu stood guard outside of
the cave, glancing in from time to time to
make certain that she did not attempt to
release Carter.

  “I don’t know,” Carter answered her
truthfully. “But Wolf can’t afford to al-
low me to live. He knows that I’ll see
him hanged.”

HE LAY reviewing the past few days.
Sutliff had never been connected with
any of the raids. It had been Wolf and
Ismail from the first. They had planned this
thing for months, perhaps for years. And the
German had not been lying when he had
said that he had wanted Carter to live.
There had been a good reason for that.

  The thing was fiendishly clever. Wolf
had led the attack on the Kikuyu village
and had then had his own men leave him
tied and gagged where Carter’s men would
be certain to find him. His plan had been
simple but clever. Fie had met the real
Captain Dennis in the jungle and had mur-
dered him. But by posing as Captain Den-
nis, he achieved two ends. He cleared his
own hands of the murder. As Captain
Dennis he definitely pinned the blame for

everything on Sutliff by swearing to Car-
ter that with his own eyes he had seen
the famous soldier of fortune leading the
renegade warriors. And after the pur-
ported savage fight at the Akesi village
during which he and Ellen had been kid-
naped, Carter would be forced to swear
that the renegades had seized him. His
death would be regretted as that of a brave
man killed by drug-inflamed savages under
the orders of Sutliff.

  Carter stared through the gloom at Sut-
liff. He felt sorry for the man. How
Wolf had induced him to fly him out of the
Transvaal and crash in the Valley of the
Lost Ones was something that they prob-
ably would never know. It had undoubt-
edly been done at gun point. One thing
was certain. After pinning his brief but
bloody reign of terror onto Barney Sut-
liff by building him up in the minds of
the superstitious natives as a self-styled
red-bearded black god, Cort Wolf would
disappear and what the ants had left of
Sutliff''s body would eventually be iden-
tified by the searching parties who found
it as the body of Cort Wolf. Wolf had
admitted as much. He had boasted that
he was assuming a new identity under
which he would be enabled to spend his
looted fortune safely.

  The scuff of feet outside the cave and
the challenge of the guards brought Carter
to a sitting position.

  Dressed for the long trek to the coast,
Wolf strode in followed by Ismail and an
aged native with a basin of water and a
razor.

  His red face was more florid than usual.
He had been drinking but he was far from
drunk. He had dropped his assumed British
accent and talked in his normal guttural.

  “And now Sutliff becomes Wolf,” he
gloated. “Shave off that beard,” he or-
dered the native with the razor. “By the
time that he is found the Siafu will have
picked him clean but it is best to leave
nothing to chance.”

  Ellen attempted to go to her brother
and Ismail seized her.

  Carter protested and Wolf kicked him
in the stomach.

  “I am clever, nein?” he demanded.
“When we move out in a few minutes Cort
Wolf will be dead and Barney Sutliff will
be the dead man’s body,”
126	JUNGLE

  The thought amused him and he rocked
with laughter.

  “You beast!” Ellen clawed at the face
of the man who held her and attempted
to squirm free.

  “Gently, memsahib,” Ismail gloated. His
yellow fingers stroked the white flesh of
her arm. “I am a great admirer of beauty
and I would not wish to harm anything
so lovely as yourself.”

  Carter strained at the ropes that held
him.

  “Take your hands off Ellen.”

  Wolf kicked him again. “Still, schwsin.
You are not giving the orders here. I
am.” He ordered Ismail, “Take the girl
down and put her in a litter. I have not
decided yet just what I will do with her.
Perhaps I will keep her for myself. Per-
haps we will sell her with our other two
legged cattle. She is young, and pretty,
and full of fire. She should bring a fancy
price.”

ISMAIL ran his tongue across his lips,
then shrugged and did as he was told.
Picking up the girl in his thin but pow-
erful arms he carried her kicking and
screaming from the cave.

  Wolf laughed heartily. “She is a tiger
cat, nein? It will be a pleasure to tame
her.”

  The veins in Carter’s face and throat
stood out in corded knots as he worked
at the ropes on his wrists, in vain.

  The German eyed him thoughtfully.
“And as for you, mein jrevmd, I should
kill you, but I shall deny myself that plea-
sure.” He looked at the painted Bakussu
scowling in the cave and chuckled, “In-
stead I shall leave you here for my rene-
gades to deal with. They should be in a
fine temper for torture when they find I
am not returning from the coast with the
many white men’s pleasures that I have
promised them.”

  Carter said nothing. There was noth-
ing he could say. The Bakussu knew only
their own tongue. True to form, the Ger-
man was double-crossing even his own
killers.

  The native barber finished shaving Sut-
liff and left. Wolf strode after him to the
mouth of the cave. “And so, good by.”

  Carter shook his head doggedly. “No.
This isn’t goodby. This is just auf wie-

STORIES

derselien. I’ll meet you again, Wolf, if

I	have to follow you to hell.”

  The German laughed heartily at the
thought and left the cave without looking
back. One of the guards left with him.
The other remained at the mouth of the
cave.

  Down in the valley the drunken shout-
ing had turned into screams of fear and
pain as the vicious guards whipped the
slave train into line for its long trek to the
coast.

  Carter lay staring at the rising moon.
It was, he realized, the darkest hour that
he had ever known. Death did not matter
so much. Nor did his coming torture.
But Ellen’s was one of those screaming
voices. He felt that he had failed her.

  He tugged and pulled at the rope on
his wrist. It held. Pie had no hope of
freeing himself. He would be forced to
lie here in the cave and watch Ellen move
out with the slave train without being able
to help her. On the cot, Sutliff began
his death rattle. He was well out of it,
Carter thought.

  He lay staring down into the valley be-
tween the legs of the guard whose bulk
loomed large against the newly risen moon.
Watching the scene below with interest,
the Bakussu grunted suddenly in annoy-
ance and slapped at his naked ankle. Then
his big body topped slowly, as a tree might
fall, for no apparent reason.

  A long blow gun in his hand, Nylabo
materialized out of the night, stepped over
the body, then paused, looking at Carter,
grinning, as the eerie screech of a leopard
echoed through the valley to be answered
in kind from the far side of the cup.

  “Akesi, bwana,” he grinned. “M’Pem-
bi’s soul is making mouti for his children.
The Leopard men run in the moonlight
and even Nylabo respects them for they
are of his blood.”

  Carter rubbed his eyes as a lithe black
figure slipped by the mouth of the cave.
He could not tell if it was man or beast
but a moment later the eerie screech
sounded again to be followed by a man’s
cry of terror as a Leopard man made his
kill.

  Nylabo cut the ropes from his wrists and
ankles. “The Houssa are still holding the
tunnel, bwana,” he reported. “But under
the cover of night the Akesi have slipped
RED ROGUE KILLER

127

into the valley. Many men will die under
their claws by morning. As for myself, I
thought it best that one of us be free.” He
grinned, white toothed. “That is why I
played the coward when you were cap-
tured.”

  Carter stood up stamping his feet and
rubbing at his arms to restore their cir-
culation. He was ashamed of his former
suspicions. He might have known that
Nylabo would not desert him.

  "We’ll have to work fast. The slave
train is moving out and there are only a
handful of us against a hundred.”

  “But moonlight is not daylight, bwana ”
Nylabo answered. “Many of the guards
are drunken. Then, too, there are the
slaves.”

  The slaves. Struck by a sudden thought,
Carter plunged out of the cave and stared
down into the valley. The scene below
him was one of indescribable confusion.
Wolf was bellowing hoarse orders. Men
were attempting to stamp out the fires that
had suddenly transformed them into tar-
gets. But they could not stamp out the
moon.

  The long, unwieldy train of slaves,
linked together in groups of twenty, moved
a few yards and stopped, defying the whips
of their drivers to stare with frightened
eyes into the hills in which the leopards
were screaming.

  “Get them on. Get them moving 1”
Wolf bellowed.

  Beyond him, in the reflected gleam of
a fire not yet quite stamped out, Carter
could see Ellen, her face buried in her
hands, seated in a litter carried by four
men. Ismail was standing beside the litter,
her .505 Gibbs in his hands, an evil scowl
on his face as he looked up into the hills
for a flash of movement at which to shoot.

  “On. Get on, you black devils!” Wolf
bellowed.

UNDER the lash of the whips, and the
prodding of assegais, the lumbering,
heavy-laden, human train moved forward
slowly toward a small cleft in the hills on
the Sudan side of the cup. Carter recog-
nized Wolf’s strategy. It was useless to
attempt to comb the hills in the moonlight
but once the slave train was out of the
valley it would be safe. Wolf had a hun-
dred warriors against a handful. On level

ground, the Akesi would not stand a
chance.

  He plunged on through the underbrush,
shouting, “Head them off, K’Tooma.
Don’t allow them to pass through the gap.”

  The blood curdling screech of a leopard
answered.

  Ismail fired at the sound of Carter's
voice and the heavy slug smacked into the
trunk of a tree only inches from his ear.
Regardless of the noise he made, or the
target that he presented, he plunged on
down the slope toward the spot where he
had last seen the litter.

  As he reached the floor of the valley,
he shouted, “Slaves, rise up against your
evil masters. Strike them down with your
chains. The red-bearded black god is
dead. He can no longer harm you. Bwana
Juju tells you so!”

  The screaming and moaning of the
chained slaves ceased. It was replaced
by a low, growing roar. There were many
warriors in the train who did not wear
their chins with pride.

  “He lies,” Wolf shouted desperately, em-
phasizing his words with pistol-like cracks
of his whip. “Move on lest the wrath of
the red-bearded black god strike you dead.”

  Ellen cried out from the litter, “He lies
and not Bwana Juju. Rise up, slaves. The
very bands of iron on your wrists are
weapons.”

  The slave train swayed, undecided. Car-
ter had almost reached the litter when a
group of twenty slaves broke from their
place in the line and hurled themselves
upon the renegades who a moment before
had been their masters. They clawed at
them with their hands and beat at their
evil faces with the heavy irons on their
wrists until nothing was left but bloody
pulp.

  Another group left the train. And still
another, and another. The tables had sud-
denly turned. The slaves had become the
masters. Some of the renegades fought,
plunging their bloody assegais time and
time again into the press of bodies before
they died. Others fled shrieking into the
hills to be run down by the Leopard men
and mangled.

  Carter plunged on toward Ismail. The
Arab had expended all of the shells in the
gun. As Carter loomed out of the moon-
light he threw it from him and drew his
128	JUNGLE

knife only to have it fall from nerveless
fingers as Nylabo’s assegai pierced his
throat.

  Carter held Ellen, briefly. “You’re all
right ?”

  When she had told him she was un-
harmed, he left her in Nylabo’s care while
he fought his way through the surge to
Wolf. He found him encircled by slaves
who were battering at him with their
chains while he begged hoarsely for mercy.
Carter started to interfere, then turned
back again toward Ellen. It was Kismet.
The German was dying as he should die.
There were certain natural laws of the
jungle. One of them was that all men
born in it were free. And Wolf had defied
that law. It was right that he die under
chains.

  By the time that Carter had forced his
way back to the litter, Ellen was standing
beside it, her golden hair gleaming in the
moonlight. The noise of battle was dying
down and the former moaning of the slaves
had been replaced with a rising triumphant
chant accompanied by the clash of fetters.

  Here and there in the hills a gun flashed

STORIES

fire. Here and there a leopard still
screeched. But both Ismail and Wolf were
dead. Their power had been broken for-
ever.

  Carter felt suddenly tired. He was sick
of bloodshed and fighting. He wanted to
return to his station and his test tubes, he
was, after all, a doctor.

  His mission in life was to save life, not
to take it.

  He stood looking at Ellen, tongue-tied,
wondering how to tell her just how much
he would miss her when she had returned
to the outside world. “Well, I guess,” he
said finally, “I guess that it’s all over.”

  Her eyes were shining. “No,” she shook
her head. “It’s just begun.”

  Carter stared at her, puzzled. “It’s just
begun? I am afraid that I don’t under-
stand.”

  Behind him Nylabo grinned, white-
toothed. He understood. And Bwana
Juju would understand. All that really
remained to be said was for the maiden’s
father to make known how many cows he
would take in exchange for his golden
haired daughter.
  THE BIG BULLY:
  I’LL GET EVEN <
  ’ SOME DAY ( ,

hey! quit kicking

THAT SAND IN ^
OUR FACES! T

THAT MAN IS
„ THE WORST
NUISANCE ON
. THE BEACH

 hero ■

 -OF THE -

 ^BEACH

  (GOSH I
  ( WHAT A
  / <\ BUILD

 yues i

 ALREADY
 FAMOUS
 , FOR IT)

—	actual photo
of the man who
holds the title,
“The World’s
Most Perfectly-
Developed Man.”

  OH DON T LET
  IT BOTHER YOU,
  LITTLE BOY!

LISTEN HERE, - I'D SMASH YOUR
FACE-ONLY YOU’RE SO SKINNY YOU
MIGHT DRY UP AND BLOW_AWAY

BOY! IT DIDN'T TAKE ATLAS LONG TO ^
DO THIS‘FOR ME! WHAT MUSCLES! THAT
BULLY WONT SHOVE ME AROUND AGAIN*/■

 N it! I’m sick ano tired OF \
 BEING A SCARECROW.1 CHARLES J
 -—.AS SAYS HE CAN GIVE ME A —^

 REAL body, all right/ i’ll gamble.

A STftMP AND GET /fir————'--"

 -	= FQEE book ! <

 what! you here again?\
 HERE'S SOMETHING I OWE YOU!

 OH

 JOE!

 YOU

 ARE

 REAL

 AFTER

 MAN

I Can Make YOU A New Man,Too
in Only 15 Minutes A Day!

 If YOU

that others can
you’re ashamed
or a swim—the
minutes a day!
can have a bod

Joe. have a body
‘cash around”—if
c strip for sports
give me just 15
IT PROVE you
all be proud

of, packed with rec-blcoded vital-
ity! “Dynamic Tension.” That’s
the secret! That’s how I changed
myself from a spin i.e-shanked,
scrawny weakling to winner of the
title, “World’s Most Perfectly De-
veloped Man.”

"Dynamic Tension"

Does It!

  Using ' ‘Dynamic Tension' only
15 minutes a day, in the privacy
of your own room, you quickly
begin to put on muscle, increase
your chest measurements, broaden
your back, fill out your arms and
legs. Before you know it. this
easy, NATURAL method will

make you a finer specimen of
REAL MANHOOD than you
ever dreamed you could be! You’ll
be a New Man!

FREE BOOK

  Thousands of fellows have used
my marvelous system. Read what
they say—see how they looked be-
fore and after—in my book “Ever-
lasting Health and Strength.”

  Send NOW for this book—FREE.
It tells all about “Dynamic Ten-
sion," shows you actual photos of
men I’ve turned from n"nv weak-
lings into Atlas Cham-	a
pions. It tells how i . f
Icandothesame [ §
for YOU. Don’t • >•
put it off! Address '1
me personally:

Charles Atlas. Dept	W. ; |

312A. 115 E. 23rd	■^. %

St.. N. V. 10. N. Y.

CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 312A
115 East23rd St., New York 10, N.Y

  I want the proof that your system of
“Dynamic Tension" will help make a
New Man of me—give me a healthy,
husky body and big muscular develop-
ment. Send me your free book, “Ever-
lasting Health and Strength.”

Name..

(Please print or write plainly)

Address..

City..................................State....................

□ Check here if under 16 for Booklet A
6 Big Kits

of Radio Parts I Send You

    Let me send you facts about rich opportunities
in Radio. See how knowing Radio can give you
security, a prosperous future. Send the coupon for
FREE 64-page book. “Win Rich Rewards in
Radio.” Read how N.R-I. trains you at home.
Read how you p**s.ctice building, testing, repairing
Radios with SIX hiO KITS of Radio parts I
send you.

       Future fcr Trailed Men Is Bright in
Radio, Te5ev:S!©n, Electronics
The Radio Repair business is booming NOW.
There is good money fixing Radios in your spare
time -or own full time business. Trained Radio
Technicians also find wide-open opportunities in
Police, Aviation, Marine Radio, in Broadcasting,
Radio Manufacturing, Public Address work, etc.
Think of the boom coming now that new Radios
can be made! Think of even greater opportunities
when Television and Electronics are available to
the public 1

   Many Beginners Soon Make $5, $10 a Week
EXTRA in Spare Time
The day you enroll I start sending EXTRA
MONEY JOB SHEET'S to help you make EX-
TRA money fixing Radios in spart time while
learning. You LEARN Radio principles from my
easy-to-grasp Lessons — PRACTICE what you
learn by building real Radio Circuits with Radio
parts I send—USE your knowledge to make
EXTRA money in spare time.

   Mail Coupon fer Fr^e Copy of Lesson and
64-Pege Illustrated Book
I will send you FREE a sample lesson, “Get-
ting Acquainted wi^h Receiver Servicing.’’ to show
you how practical it is to train for Radio in spare
time. With it I’ll send my 64-page, illustrated
book, “Win Rich Rewards in Radio.” Just mail
coupon in an envelope or paste it on a penny postal.
J, E. Smith, President, Dept. &BG, National
Radio Institute, Pioneer Home Study Radio
School, Washington 9, D, C.

You build this
MEASURING INSTRUMENT

 early in the course- use it for
 Radio work on neighborhood
 pick lip EXTRA. spare time

You build this,
SUPERHETERODYNE
CIRCUIT that brings in lo-
cal and distant stations. You
get practical experience put-
ting this set through fasci-
nating tests.

My Course Includes Training in
TELEVISION • ELECTRONICS
FREQUENCY MODULATION

Git Both REE

MR. i. E. SMITH, President. Dept. 68G
National Radio Institute, Washington 9, D. C.

Mail me FREE, without obligation. Sample Lesson
and 64-page book. “Win Rich Rewards in Radio.”
(No salesman will call. Please write plainly.)

Name...
Address

                                      Age.

City.................... Zone____ State.