 Stories o/:

Qds

 byjackson Gregory

YAHOYA

 A Complete Novel
 of ihe Southwest

 IN THE GRIP OF
 THE MINOTAUR.

 When Norsemen Invaded
 fheAncieni Mediterranean

  A New Serial by
 Farnham Bishop and
 ArihurGilchristBrodeur

 JI Winning Line-up

 S.B.H.Hurst
 Henry Oyen
 S a m) Alexand erWhiie
 Hapsburg Liebe

WCTuttle
JAllan Dunn
Brevard Mays Connor
Fr e d er i ck W™Wa 11 a ce
Carroll K.Michener
Roy P Churchill
M. F Brooks
Fredericks. Macy
WE BOAST A BIT

ONE of the best-known educators in New York,
i who has read ADVENTURE since its first
number, met us (editorial us) in a subway
station last week, and said: ”1 read all the all-
fiction magazines. That and fishing are my two recreations.
ADVENTURE has always been good, but I have been
looking for an opportunity to tell you that the last six
numbers have been the best all-fiction magazines that I
have ever read.”

   We admitted it.

   "And haven’t lots of people been finding it out?”

   We cheerfully told him that our circulation was forty
per cent, larger now than a year ago, and that it had been
jumping ahead every month for the past six months. In
fact, we had every reason to expect that it would double
itself in a year.

   "Then why don’t you shout it in the magazine,” said
he, "so that all your old friends may rejoice with you?”

    You will find in this conversation, which is accurately reported,
the boast that we threatened to make on this page. We are delighted
to be able to make it. As it refers to circulation figures, which are
sometimes open to suspicion, we are hoping that you will receive it
not as a boast but as a cheerful bit of office gossip passed along to you.
Published by The Ridgway Company

EKMAN 1. RIDGWAY. President	GEORGE B. MAI.LON, S«cr«Mrj «nd Tnuuni

                 Spring and Macdougal Streets - - New York City
                 6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C.. England
                 Post-Office	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, M.n.glng Editor

  Contents for August, 1916

Cover Design............. FrancU Miller

Yahoya A Complete Novel ........ Jackson Gregor;	3

        A book-length story of unusual power telling of a determined man who strikes back into the heart
        of the Great American Desert. He seeks gold. He finds Yahoya and love. She is too remarkable
        a girl to miss knowing. And the strange desert race of Indians, with their quaint customs and be-
        liefs, lift the story far above ordinary fiction.

Some Fishing ..........Frederick William Wallace 56

        When the crew of a Canadian fishing-boat hook a submarine, you can imagine there was some-
        thing doing; especially since the stubborn old captain was bound to land his steel-bellied fish.

The One Sheep That Was Lost.......Frederick S. Macy	67

        The struggle to make our Philippines a place fit to live in, and to liberate our brown, toothers
        from banditry and ignorance, has been a trying one. Mr. Macy gives you a vivid story of Army
        Service life.

Psychology and Copper........W. C. Tottle	80

        This master laughsmith hands you a yam that’s funnier than ever. Read it. It’s a tonic.

The Hunt-Pack..........Samuel Alexander White 84

        What happened to a man and woman to whom all doors on the Dawson Trail were barred, though
        Winter was on the North.

In the Grip of the Minotaur A Foar-Part Story. Pari I. . . Farnham Bishop and

Arthur Gilchrist Brodear	96

        In the days when Ancient Crete ruled the seas, drawing tribute from Troy, from Greece, even
        from the great Pharaoh of Egypt, there grew up in the North a great power that threatened the
        Mediterranean world. This instalment tells of the first visit of Norsemen to Troy, and wild as the
        fiords of their homeland are the adventures they meet.

A Woman Keeps a Secret........Hapsburg Liebe	126

        She was a mountain woman, with a heart steadfast as her native Tennessee hills. By a man who
        lives there.

(Continued on next page)	1
(Continued from preceding page)

The Manhood of a Chinaman.......M. F. Brook.	133

         Death Valley; a woman; a Chinaman with a soul, and a story that will stick in your brain for
       days.

The White Hope’s Understudy.......Brevard May* Connor	137

         This prize-ring yam has a punch in every page.

Gaston Olaf A Three-Part Story. Condasion.....Henry Oyen	147

          Gaston marshalls his forces for one last crushing attack on Devil Dave Taggart and the gang that
       rule the Big Woods. And Rose Havens chooses between Gaston and Hale.

The Receipt..........S. B. H. Horst	187

         Which proves that a man will stand by those of his blood, through anything. A tale of India,
       and the penal colony o2 Burma.

Hereditary Evidence.........Roy P. Churchill	196

          Sailors bring home a strange tale to a grieving father, and the father repays.

The Woman of the Desert........Carroll K. Michener	201

          An American, fearless, a little foolhardy, pokes his nose into far Tibet, and in that out-comer of
       the world he learns a truth, old as the sand-swept mountains about him.

The Camp-Fire A Meetim-PUce for Ruder., Writer. «nd Adreot.rer........21S

Headings..............Chas. E. Searle

Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required by the Act of Congress of August 24, 1912, of Ad-
venture, published monthly at New York, N. Y., for April 1, 1916. State of New York. County of New York. Before
me, a Notary Public, in and for the State and County aforesaid, personally appeared James F. Birmingham, who. having
been duly sworn according to law, deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of the Adventure, and that the follow,
lng is. to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, management, etfc., of the aforesaid pub-
lication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section 443, Postal
Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form, to wit: 1. That the names and addresses of the publisher,
editor, managing editor, and business managers are: Publisher, The Ridgway Company, a corporation. Spring and Mac-
dougal Streets. New York City. Editor, Erman J. Ridgway, 223 Spring Street. New York, N. Y. Managing Editor,
Arthur Sullivant Hoffman, 223 Spring Street, New York, N. Y. Business Manager. James F. Birmingham, 223
Spring Street, New York, N. Y. 2. That the owners are: (Give names and addresses of individual owners, or, if a corpor-
ation, give its name and the names and addresses of stockholders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of the total amount
of stock.) Owner: The Ridgway Company, a corporation. Spring and Macdougal Streets. New York City. Stockholders:
The Federal Publishing Company, a corporation, is Exchange Place, Jersey City, N. J. The Butterick Company,
a corporation, 223 Spring Street, New York, N. Y. The Butterick Publishing Company, a corporation, Spring and
Macdougal Streets, New York, N. Y. J. F. Birmingham. Butterick Building. New York City, N. Y. Wm. H. Black,
IS2 West 91st Street, New York City, N. Y. Mrs. Theresa R. Carroll, 777 Madison Avenue. New York City, N. Y.
W. H. Gelshenen, 100 William Street, New York City, N. Y. Clara E. Kehoe, 2524 Creston Avenue. New York City,
N. Y. H. F. Morse, 3 West 46th Street, New York City, N. Y. Laura J. O'Loughlin, 156 Ridge Street. Glens Falls,
N. Y. Mrs. Arethusa Pond, 955 West End Avenue. New York City. N. Y. Erman J. Ridgway, Butterick Building,
New York City, N. Y. Augustus Van Wyck, 149 Broadway, New York City, N. Y. R. A. Van Wyck, 149 Broadway.
New York City, N. Y. G. W. Wilder, Butterick Building, New York City. N. Y. Marie A. Wilder, Butterick Build-
ing, New York City, N. Y. Ben F. Wilder. Butterick Building. New York City, N. Y. 3. That the known bondhold-
ers. mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or
other securities are: (If there are none, so state.) George W. Wilder, 329 West 108th St.. New York, N. Y. Gertrude
C. Wilder, 329 West 108th St., New York, N. Y. Julia Marlowe, Hotel Walton, Philadelphia, Pa. Erman J. Ridg-
way. 223 Spring Street, New York, N. Y. John Adams Thayer, Westport, Conn. John O'Hara Cosgrave, 128 West
59th St., New York, N. Y. 4. That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the owners, stockholders, and
security holders, if any. contain not only the list of stockholders and security holders as they appear upon the books of the
company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security holder appears upon the books of the company as trustee or
in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corporation for whom such trustee is acting, is given; also that the
said two paragraphs contain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and condi-
tions under which stockholders and security holders who do not appear upon the books of the company as trustees, hold
stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that any
other person, association, or corporation has any interest direct or indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than
as so stated by him. J. F. Birmingham. Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this 8th day of May, 1916.
A. P. Schoen, Notary Public. (My commission expires March 30th, 1917O [Seal.]

Issued Monthly. Yearly Subscription, $1.50 in advance. Single copy, fifteen cents.

Foreign postage, $1.00 additional. Canadian postage, 30 cents.

           Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1916, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Brltaio.

The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and Illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use all, due care while

they are la bis hands.
A Complete Novel
^acks on. Gyegoirv ^

Author of “The Red Law,” “Beyond the Law” etc.

REATHLESS waiting — for
what? Blind terror—of what
thing? The waiting intermin-
ably prolonged because the man
did not know what was the thing he must
expect; terror more hideous than mere fear
because it was the unknown which menaced.

  In all of the universe there was now only
this one thing which mattered; all else was
forgotten. And what was it? To the man
the desert in which he lay, helpless and
hopeless, had ceased to exist. He no longer
saw the hot sky, the molten sun, the limit-
less stretch of sand, cactus and blistering
rock. He saw only the eyes which watched
him.

  They seemed staring at him terribly, two
eyes which were steady, unwinking, immea-
surable, inscrutable twin pools of ink. At
one instant they became to his fevered
fancy the fierce eyes of a savage, desert
born and bred, observing his death with a
curiosity at once unmoved and strangely
childlike. Then he thought that he saw
the eyes expand, dilate, grow enormous,
the eyes of some misshapen monster thing,

into whose lair he was the first man since
the first dawn to penetrate. Northrup’s
reeling brain groped insanely for the visuali-
zation of the great body to which the eyes
must belong, and which he could not see.

  Then, with unconsciousness seeking to
cast its black mantle over the man who
struggled against it, the eyes seemed sud-
denly to change again, to grow smaller,
smaller, rounder, until they were the evil
eyes of the desert’s chief curse, Sika-tcua,
the yellow rattlesnake. He found himself
groping, wondering dully if there were truth
in the old tale, if a snake might charm a
man and draw him closer and ever closer
to the quick forked tongue? He set his two
hands out in front of his pain-twisted body,
sinking them in the blistering sand, seeking to
stop the impulse which had crept upon him.

  He knew that the gray wolf at times came
down from the ridges; that the panther fol-
lowed the track of the mule-deer here; that
the gaunt, mean-spirited coyote was not
averse to sitting patiently and watching
the slow death of one of his superior ani-
mals, waiting. His tortured thoughts of a

Copyright, /0/6, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. A11 rights reserved.	3
4

Adventure

coyote were no less terrible than the others
now.

  All day long the steep rays of the desert
sun had smitten at him pitilessly; all day
the red-black lava rocks among which he
lay had burnt his body; all day the flying
sand carried upon the hot blast of wind had
seared and scorched his bloodshot eyeballs.
It had been in the first, white dawn that he
had fallen. Encompassed through the hesi-
tant hours by the material threats of the
desert, he had not once groaned. It was
Northrup’s way to suffer in silence.

  But now the unknown had swept the last
vestiges of reality aside; it had the seeming
of creeping close about him from all quar-
ters of a veritable mundane hell. Half-
crazed with pain in the semi-consciousness
which he was always fighting for, it was as
if he had passed out of the old life already
and into a fierce land of sorcery. Of only
one thing could he be certain now—the pair
of steady black eyes watching him through
a fissure in the rocks above.

  Had it been an hour since he had called
out? Or had many circling eons reeled
drunkenly over him since his voice, disturb-
ing the vast silence, had choked back into
his throat? He did not know.

  He knew that he had called out, thinking
that these were the eyes of a man, a human
being like himself, that he had begged for
help. He knew that there had come no
answer, that the eyes had watched him
with the same steady curiosity. He knew
that he had shouted and that long ago he
had grown still.

  Once he had painfully dragged from its
holster the automatic which had not been
shaken loose in his fall; when, with a blind
anger upon him, he had lifted it a little the
two eyes were gone. When it had fallen
from his weak grasp the two eyes were back
there, watching him with the same cursed
steadiness.

  In a moment of half delirium the quick
suspicion had come to him that it was
Strang, Strang who had deserted him in his
helplessness, robbing him of the scant sup-
ply of water to drive on madly, seeking to
gain the next water-hole. But no; Strang
wouldn’t be tarrying here, watching him
die. Strang wouldn’t even be so much as
thinking of him. Strang was taking his own
chance, his one chance, and pushing on
desperately.

  Northrup had lived through the day

praying dumbly for the coming coolness of
the night. Now the night was coming and
he was afraid of it.

  He twisted his head a little to look at the
sun. He was less sure that the sun was
setting than that this was the last time he
would ever look upon it. In the west, a
riot of color; the sun was sinking through a
mist which seemed to rise from a sea of
blood. Night was at hand. And with the
sign of its coming the sense was strong upon
him of the unknown, terror-infested, creep-
ing closer about him.

  “Strang might have waited,” he thought.

  His swollen lips and dry, aching throat
were long ago past utterance. But he was
not past saying within himself:

  “I won’t die until I know to what-

thing those eyes belong!” There was much
stubbornness in Sax Northrup.

IT WAS not meant that he should
die yet. And so he did not die. It
was meant that he should see Strang
again, that he should stumble upon a cen-
tury-long hidden secret of the desert. So
he lived on where another man would have
died.

  The silver desert moon was two hours
high in the purple sky when he realized
that he had lost consciousness and found it
again. Before he thought of that he
thought of the eyes which had so long
watched him; before he saw the moon he
saw them. They were over him now, just
over him, less than a yard away.

  He stared upward through the night light
curiously. There was sufficient light for
him to see clearly, but his brain cleared
slowly.

  In seeking to guess the riddle of the two
eyes, to conjure up the thing to which they
belonged, he had never thought of a wo-
man. And yet a woman it was bending
over him, though his mind took long in clear-
ing enough for him to be sure of that.

  She was old, unthinkably old, unbeliev-
ably ugly. She might have been the bar-
ren deity of a barren land. She might have
been a skeleton, with the skin upon the
fleshless skull tanned by sun and wind
through hundreds of years until it was
leather. Squatting motionless over him she
did not seem to be a living, breathing being
until he saw the eyes, the same steady, un-
winking black pools of ink with the glint of
the moon in them.
Y ahoya

5

  The moment was uncanny. The moon-
light dragged weird figures from the desert
floor, charging them with ghostly unreality.
The thing squatting above him might have
been a sister thing to the fantastic shapes
the moon made everywhere about her.

  Northrup shivered. His reason, making
its way back through the darkness of his
stupor, had not fully reinstated itself. He
knew that here in this strange land of arid-
ity there could be no such thing as decom-
position. When death came it struck its
blow cleanly, unattended by decay. Air,
sun, wind, when they had their way undis-
puted, made of the dead such a thing as
that which bent over him. If no prowling
beast came to rend apart, then the body
would last throughout generations, perhaps
centuries.

  Fear comes in many guises but never
with so cold a clutch as when whispering
of the supernatural. At the shock from the
pictures whipped up before him by his own
imaginings, Northrup again lost conscious-
ness.

  Later—he did not know how much later
—it seemed quite natural for him to feel
that some one was moving about him. He
realized dimly that it couldn’t be Strang,
for Strang had gone on. He knew that it
must be the thousand-year-old woman who
had come out of the nowhere, riding on a
moon-ray, perhaps; who, when she was done
pottering around him, would go back the
way she had come. He didn’t try to turn
his head to watch her because he knew that
he hadn’t the strength left in him.

  She had slipped something soft under his
shoulders, had even managed to turn his
great body a little, making it lie a fraction
less painfully. And she had brought him
water. That was a joke on Strang! He
had gone on furiously, lugging three or four
warm cupfuls in his canteen, thinking that
there was no other drop to be had until one
had crossed many miles of desert.

  There came intervals during which
Northrup was oblivious to everything about
him, brief spaces of time when he awoke to
both realization and curiosity. But for the
most part he existed in a condition which
was a sort of dim border-line between con-
sciousness and stupor. He accepted the
present as matter of fact, forgot the past
and did not seek to speculate upon the fu-
ture.

  For days he lay upon the talus, upon the

first of whose ragged boulders he had fallen
from the cliffs of porphyry above. The old
woman, moving with the feebleness and the
slowness of a Winter sunbeam, forced her
shaking hands to construct a shelter over
the spot where he lay.

  A ragged, home-made cotton blanket
stretched above him from rock to rock, a
robe of rabbit-skins made at once cover and
bed. She brought him water in a rude olla
of sun-baked clay, administered gruelly
messes made from com-meal, attending him
after the first with a faithfulness like a shep-
herd dog’s. Where she went for the water,
what was the source of her food supply, he
did not know.

  The silence was seldom broken. For
hours at a time she would squat near him,
her blanket drawn about her shoulders, over
her head, her hands lost in its folds, her
ancient face turned upon him in an expres-
sionless stare. When there arose absolute
need for speech there was no difficulty in
understanding each other.

  Northrup, through many years of going
up and down among people of her breed,
had come to understand the tongue of the
Indians of Walpi, Oraibe, Taos. When he
had called her “So Wuhti,” which is the
Hopi for Old Woman or Grandmother, she
had understood. She had named him “Ba-
liana,” White Man, and the ceremony of
introduction was complete.

  For a long time Northrup, lying grim and
quiet, thought that by struggling to keep
on living he was but postponing the hour
of his death a few hours. Among his lesser
injuries he thought that he could count the
fracture of his left arm. He could only
speculate upon the extent of injury done
internally.

  Had he been in a hospital with capable
physician and nurses attending him there
might be a chance. But here, with the half-
cooked food a wild woman brought, with
the nauseating decoctions which she ex-
tracted from he knew not what plants or
roots, with a bed of lava rock, his chance
seemed little enough. He watched her mak-
ing his medicines, heating the sticky liquid
over a greasewood fire, then setting it aside
that she might sing over it and so make it
“good medicine,” and imagined that the
mixture would be about as efficacious as her
singing. The latter was horrible enough.
But he got well.

  And they grew to be companions of a
6

Adventure

sort, as perhaps nearly any two of God’s
creatures would if set alone in the world.
The fact that the old hag was living here
and absolutely alone, that she seemed con-
tented to be here and looked for no other
company than her own until Northrup had
come, aroused curiosity after a little.

  He soon found many questions to ask.
And during the five months which passed
before he was a strong man again—and one
must be certain of his full strength before
he seeks to walk out into the desert with
the little water he can carry and the
knowledge that he must travel forty miles
to the first water-hole—he learned much
from So Wuhti.

II

      HAD not So Wuhti led him at last
to her abode, Northrup would never
have found it. It was slow climb-
ing for them both, the woman weighted
down by close to a century of years, the
man still so weak that a little exertion set
him trembling throughout his wasted body.

  The chosen chamber of So Wuhti was
close up to the cliff-tops, a roughly gouged-
out room in the rocks, to be approached
only by a steep trail from below. It was
constructed cunningly in a great fissure so
that while from it the old woman might
look out over the desert, it would be a keen
eye down there to discover her.

  Upon the floor lay So Wuhti’s bed, a
tumbled pile of cotton blankets of native
weave and a rabbit-skin robe. In a smoke-
blackened corner were a few charred sticks
and bits of brush; here and there were sun-
baked clay utensils, for the most part black
and cracked. A few strings of dried meat,
a heap of shelled corn, a pot of water, a
prayer-stick against the wall by the bed
completed the equipment of the room.

  From So Wuhti’s boudoir—Northrup al-
ways called it that and So Wuhti seemed
greatly pleased with the name—it was no
trick to come to the top of the cliffs by
means of the short ladder. And here one
came upon that wonder of the desert of
which a thousand tongues have told since
first the old Spanish conquistadores dipped
into it, which countless artists have sought
to catch upon their brushes.

  For a hundred miles in all directions the
eye passed over gray floor, sweeping up into
loma and mesa, the magic desert colorings

over it all, deep blues and glittering bronzes,
the snow white of drifted sands, the gray-
green of cactus and brush, the brick reds of
rocky precipices. Through the clear, dry
air the eye sped instantly over waterless
distances where a man might find slow
death in crossing.

  Here, just at the cliff’s edge, Northrup
found again the half-expected, the tumbled
ruins of an ancient watch-tower. His mind
toyed with the pictures which his fancies
suggested.

  The vision arose of a gaunt, cat-quick sen-
tinel, hawk-eyed, skin beaten into glistening
copper from the sun, keeping guard here
while his brothers slept in a younger cen-
tury; starting up as, many miles away
across the rolling floor of desert sand and
scrubby growth he caught a quick glimpse
of an invading enemy; cupping his hands to
his mouth to send outward and downward
his warning shout; kindling the ever-ready
pile of greasewood fagots to send out over
the land other messages of warning, voice-
less, lightning-winged. And, as if the old
time were not yet dead though the watch-
tower of stone was crumbling, he saw a pile
of dry greasewood and a black smudge of
smoke against the side of the one upstand-
ing slab of stone.

  He went back, down to So Wuhti, won-
dering.

   As,little by little, strength came back into
his emaciated body, he grew impatient for
the time when he might dare to take up the
trail again. But a month passed and he
knew that it would be as mad a thing to
try to move on as to climb to the cliff-tops
and leap downward.

  There was water here; So Wuhti brought
it laboriously from a hidden spring far back
and deep down in the great fissure in the
rock wall. If he turned back, he knew
there was no more water within thirty miles;
if he went on it was a gamble if he would
find water at the end of forty miles. So he
waited for his strength to come back to
him.

  Slowly, so slowly that perhaps she was
never aware of it, So Wuhti’s silence slip-
ped from her. She came, in her loneliness,
to feel a strange affection for the big-bodied
Bahana with his white skin, his yellow hair
and blue eyes.

  She had never seen a man like him. At
first she seemed a little in awe of him, a lit-
tle afraid of him. In those first weeks she
Yahoya

7

would sit and watch him suspiciously, her
lips locked, her eyes bright with speculation.

  But, as the Hopi legends have it, woman
is the daughter of Yahpa, the Mocking-
bird, and so, since her father is so great a
talker, may not long remain silent. The
legends of her forefathers were scripture to
So Wuhti.

  So it turned out that as they sat together
in the old woman’s boudoir or upon the
cliff-tops, the slow hours passed to the
throaty monotone of So Wuhti’s talk while
Northrup smoked her tobacco in his pipe
and listened. It took him no great time to
recognize the fact that the old woman was
half crazed—a brooding, solitary life and a
mind filled with superstitions having worked
their way with her.

  In the main her conversation was an in-
genious fabric of lies told with rare sem-
blance of truth. As if she were recounting
some minor happening of the day, she told
of a visit she had had from Haruing Wuhti,
chief deity of the Hopi polytheism. The
goddess, coming up out of the sea, had
come across the desert, running swifter than
an antelope. So beautiful was she that she
had hurt So Wuhti’s eyes with her beauty.
Aliksail Listen, Bahana! She is like a soft
white maiden, Haruing Wuhti, her hair yel-
low like the squash blossom, yellower than
yours. Her eyes are like turquoises, her
mouth as red as a sunset through the sand-
storm. She came swiftly at So Wuhti’s
call. Through the night the goddess sat
there, So Wuhti here, and they talked.

  So Wuhti shook her head, mumbled, grew
silent. The Bahana was not to hear the
things of which Haruing Wuhti and So
Wuhti spoke in the night.

  She explained her presence alone here.
She told him of it twice, once in answer to
his question, once volunteering the infor-
mation. Had she gone into the matter a
third time Northrup had no doubt that he
would then have had three instead of mere-
ly two distinct explanations to choose from.

  In the first account Northrup found many
traces of ancient Indian religions. So Wuhti
spoke familiarly of the beginnings of the
world which, while she admitted that it was
Haruing Wuhti and the Sun who had done
the actual work, she herself witnessed.

  She called Northrup’s attention to the
fact that the spot in which he and she were
was the top of the world. Hence it became
clear that it was very distantly remote from

the abiding-place of the chief goddess. Be-
ing so far away the goddess must have some
one in whom she could trust to see that
everything went right. Consequently So
Wuhti, a very great favorite with Haruing
Wuhti, was stationed here. When there
was need she built signal fires at the ruined
watch-tower and Haruing saw and under-
stood the matter.

   If Northrup didn’t take a great deal of
 stock in this explanation, he had the other
 one: Further in the desert, so far and across
 such a waterless tract that the white man
 could only send his hungry eyes traveling
 into it, was a land where there were hidden
 cities. The gods of the underworld had
 built these cities. Then they had given
 them to a people, the people of So Wuhti.

   There were seven of these cities, the Sev-
 en Cities of Chebo. (Northrup smiled as
 he saw a trace of the old legend told by the
 early Spanish explorers of the Seven Cities
 of Cibola.) They were very rich cities, hav-
 ing much silver, many turquoises and of
 late years much gold, which they made into
 rings and bracelets, the chiefs having cups
 and plates of gold.

   In order that they might remain hidden
 from the greed of the white men and from
 the jealousy of other tribes, they set senti-
 nels out through the desert, a hundred
 miles away. Such a sentinel was So Wuhti.
 She had but to set fire to the fagots upon
 the cliffs and the chiefs of the Hidden Cities
 of Chebo would understand.

   Northrup must understand that the gods
 and goddesses were very close to the people
 of So Wuhti. Didn’t Haruing Wuhti her-
 self come here to chat with So Wuhti, to eat
 piki with her? It was so.

   And by living here alone So Wuhti was
doing a kindness at once to her people of
'Chebo and to her sovereign deity. The
priest had told her. As long as she lived
she would watch here. When she was to
die she would build a big fire which would
carry the word across the desert so that
another might be sent to take her place.
And then Haruing Wuhti would come for
her and throw her cloak about her and So
Wuhti would be a young mana again, living
always where the Big River breaks through
the crust and goes into the underworld
where the gods live.

   Though the old woman’s rambling stories
 with their innumerable digressions and
 repetitions soon ceased to interest him,
8

Adventure

Northrup did not fill his canteen and move
on when at last he felt that he was his old,
strong self. Half-crazed old savage that
she was, So Wuhti was none the less hu-
man. Nor was there any denying his obli-
gation to her. Had it not been for her he
would be now only what the coyotes and
strong-beaked birds would have left of him.
And now, strong enough to attempt the
passage of the desert, he could not fail to
see that So Wuhti was coming quickly to
the end of her life, and he could not bear
the thought of going on heartlessly, leaving
her to die alone.

SHE looked at him curiously many
times during those last few days to-
gether. She, too, had seen her death
coming to her at last and looked at it with
steady, curious eyes. She was not afraid,
she did not seem sorry to go. She was cer-
tain that Haruing Wuhti was making her
future existences her own concern. It was
all arranged.

  She had never manifested a hint of emo-
tion of any kind since he had seen her beady
eyes peering at him through the crack in
the rocks and now he had been here upward
of six months. He did not expect for a sign
of emotion now. Too long had she had the
opportunity of looking forward to the end
to be greatly perturbed by it now that it
was at hand.

  It came with a little shock to him one
day that So Wuhti was all human, after
all. Out of a still silence by the ruined
tower she had moved to him quickly, her
crooked claw of a hand suddenly fastening
about his forearm.

  “You’re a good man, Bahana,” she said,
her eyes unusually bright upon his. “Many
days ago you were ready to go. You wait
that So Wuhti does not die alone like the
coyote. Askwalil I thank you. Haruing
Wuhti will bring you many good things. I
will tell her.”

  With all of her madness she was not with-
out wisdom. She set her chamber in order
that night; Northrup had the suspicion that
in honor of the occasion she even went so
far as to bathe. Then, when the first stars
were coming out she made a trembling way
to the cliff-tops, Northrup helping her up
the short ladder.

  In the faint light here Northrup saw how
she had arranged her hair, and the thing
came to him with something of a shock.

She had done it up into two whorls, one at
each ear, the imitation of the squash blos-
som which with the Zuni people tells the
time when a maiden has ripened into the
first blush of womanhood. So Wuhti was
ready for the coming of Haruing Wuhti, for
the time when again she would be beauti-
ful—a young mana.

  When at last the great fire, which at her
command he had kindled, had burnt down,
Northrup went slowly back into the stone
chamber which had so long been So Wuhti’s
and which was never again to know her
presence. As he looked at her blankets laid
in order, folded by hands into which the
chill had already crept, when he saw the
broken jugs and crocks set in their neat
row, a sudden moisture came into his eyes.
So Wuhti had been good to him and she
was dead. So Wuhti was gone and he was
lonely!

  In the coolness of the night, having only
the stars to guide him, his canteen freshly
filled, he pushed on, out into the desert.

Ill

ONLY because of the great stub-
bornness which was a part of him,
and because of the unswerving pur-
pose which had grown to be a part of that
stubbornness, did Sax Northrup battle on
with the desert instead of turning back
now. For fight was it to be at every step,
with the ultimate outcome hidden upon the
knees of the barren gods of the Southwest-
ern Sahara.

  Already was he in a land into which men
do not come, where perhaps before him ten
white men had not ventured since the time
of Fray Marcos close to four hundred years
ago. Here was a region from which a man
might bring back with him nothing but a
tale of suffering; where often enough he
might find nothing but a horrible death.
And yet Northrup, seeking that which he
sought, with his eyes open went on.

  But, thinking that he knew the desert,
he came to learn that he had never known
it. Alone in the silence he came to under-
stand a little the majesty and power of God.

  Day after day, night after night, he saw
these things made tangible in the sweep of
the sandy floor, in the stern grandeur of the
uplifted walls of rock. Through the frag-
ment of eternal silence through which he
fought his way he felt these things. He
Yahoya

9

felt himself a small figure alone in a strange,
hard world.

  Grandeur, majesty, sublimity—he knew
them to be of the desert. But they were
not the essence of it. Its supreme quality,
seen at all times and not to be mistaken,
was its savage fierceness. The desert is no
hypocrite; its teeth are always bared, poi-
soned teeth in a snarl at the intruder,
threatening no less its own offspring. It is
the land of the iron fang.

  As he battled on, always was he in the
heart of another battle which had outworn
the youth of time. A struggle to the death,
without quarter, and oh, the silence of it!
Here about him was no created thing which
the desert did not strive to kill. Here was
no living thing upon all the terrible surface
which did not strive to kill its brother crea-
tion.

  Life here had never gotten beyond its
primary, elemental phase. It was, over and
over, the frenzied seeking to inflict death
in order that the conqueror might live; to
live in order to kill; to deal death and to flee
from death.

  The fierce brood of things struggling for
existence even from the very womb of their
terrible mother were without exception a
brood armored and armed, the desert coy-
ote a murderer with a coward’s heart and a
madman’s cunning; the wildcat a machine
for assassination; the gray wolf so much
cold steel, tireless, swift, merciless, the spir-
it of slaughter cast into flesh and blood; the
rattlesnake as deadly as death itself; even
the harsh growth of vegetation, bound to
earth by its iron roots so that it might not
spring to attack or flee from its enemy, was
armed with its thousand knife-thorns to tear
at flesh and bite at bone.

  Everywhere Northrup sensed the silent,
unending struggle, the preying of living
things upon one another, the warring of the
land which bore them against them all.
And he came to know what it meant for a
human being to enter this scene of natural
warfare.

  Like the man and wife in Moliere’s com-
edy, fighting like cat and dog but ready to
turn united against the interloper into their
domestic realm, so these desert things seem-
ed to combine with horrible power against
the stranger in their realm, the Bahana who
had dared set foot upon the changing sands.
The sun tortured him, thirst came to mad-
den him, spiked cacti tore at his bleeding

hands, wind parched, sand blinded him, the
rattlesnake and the poisoned spiders threat-
ened when he slept or woke.

  As the still, hot days went on he came al-
most to believe himself in a veritable land
of sorcery, of witchcraft, of black magic.
It became to him the demesne of the un-
earthly, the home of illusion, a region be-
witched and bewitching him who looked
upon it, the one place in the world where
the supernatural was a part of nature.

  He saw the sun changed into a monster
bloodstone, the moon into a disk of white
silver, the sober skies into a riot of colors,
burning reds, rich purples, greens and golds.
His eyes told him of a stretch of level lands
which were to be crossed in two hours and
he struggled across them for two days; told
him of mountains five miles away which his
brain, wise from past experience, knew were
seventy miles from him.

  He walked toward misty veils of pale
pink and deep rose; they melted away from
him, withdrawing, showing him the barren
places which had been softened only in the
seeming. He saw things which did not ex-
ist, built out of nothingness as by the touch
of a magician’s wand, hovering in the air.
What looked like a lake before him, cool
waters stirring softly to a cool breeze, was
nothingness, a bit of trickery of the air.
To see trees, mountains where they were
not, turned topsy-turvy, became a common-
place.

  There was one day when, hoarding the
little water in his canteen, hurrying on to
the vague promise of a water-hole, he saw
quick clouds gathering in the sky, black
with the rain in them. Caught in a driving
current high above, the clouds passed over
him. Saturated, struck by a cooler current
of air, they burst open like huge water-bags,
spilling the rain. He saw it fall in a steep
slant. It was raining up there in big drops.
And yet no single drop of water came down
to him. In the dry air through which it
plunged hissing downward it disappeared,
drunk up by the air itself as a drop of mois-
ture is drunk up by a dry sand bank. Mere-
ly the natural thing here, yet looking like
enchantment.

  Northrup was a man essentially given to
strong, vigorous action rather than to fan-
ciful musings. And yet here, with aught of
action denied him beyond the monotonous
driving of one boot after the other into loose
sand, or up lava-strewn slopes, or about and
10

Adventure

through clumps of desert vegetation, for
weeks his mind was the home of strange
imaginings.

  He found himself wondering, at first light-
ly, but at times with a soberness which
startled him when he recognized it, if there
did exist supernatural forces of which man
had no understanding. The thought came
to him that such a force had drawn him,
Sax Northrup, from the beaten thorough-
fares of white men into this empty land.
What had brought him here while tie men
whom he had known of his class and type
were driving their motors over smooth
roads, dining in comfortable cafes, sleeping
upon soft beds and otherwise disporting
themselves as befitted the city-bred? What
indeed but the wild tale of a dying Indian
down in Santa Fe?

  The thing which takes men by the hair
and drags them to the hidden corners of the
four quarters of the world is generally the
same thing in whatever garb it chooses to
wear—the lure of gold. It had brought
him, him and Strang, here.

  Through many a day there stood between
Northrup and death a scrap of paper and a
hope that the paper did not lie. In the
main it had told the truth thus far. If,
later on, it lied to him, why, then he’d do
what many another man has done on the
desert, die for want of water.

 He had the way, before leaving any
water-hole upon which he had come, of
taking the paper out of his pocket, studying
it thoughtfully, looking up from it across
the bleak stretches, out toward a steep-
walled mesa or the clear-cut ridges of dis-
tant mountains. And always his frowning
eyes camc back from the old story of sand,
lava-rock, gorge, precipice and gray-green
desert growth to the bit of paper in his
hand.

  Already was it more precious to him than
the gold which he hoped it might lead him
to.

  “For if through some mischance I should
lose this,” he admitted to himself often
enough, “why, then, I’d be a dead man in
forty-eight, maybe in twenty-four hours!”

A STRANGE map this, which
Northrup carried rolled and thrust
into an empty rifle-cartridge for
safety. That he had made it himself did
not in any way make it seem to him infal-
lible.

  The Indian, dying in Santa F6, had told
him the way to follow and Northrup had
made the rough map from the Indian’s
words. And he had known, from the time
that he made his first step upon the long
trail, that, trusting himself upon it, having
only that to guide him deep into the secret
heart of the land of little water, was as fool-
hardy a thing as he had ever done in all
the years of a foolhardy existence. But
there had been the golden lure.

  As he crouched by some lonely water-
hole, trying to get his big body into a scant
patch of shade, his eyes turned upon his
crude map, Northrup’s thoughts had grown
into the way of flying back to the manner
of this thing coming to him at all.

  He had been in Santa Fe, chafing under a
short enforced idleness, restive, eager for
whatever might come next on the cards.
There he had found Strang; or to be exact
Strang had found him. Northrup hadn’t
particularly liked him from the beginning.
But men of his class were few and hard to
find hereabouts and Strang was not with-
out a certain insinuating way and a per-
severance almost as great as Northrup’s
own.

  Besides, Strang in the beginning of the
matter had been in trouble and Northrup
in his wide-handed, generous way had be-
friended him. The ridding oneself of a
person to whom one has done a kindness is
not without its difficulties.

  At any rate Northrup and Strang had
been together watching a game of cards in
an adobe saloon when the Indian had first
come into their stories. The native, a tall,
gaunt, sinewy fellow thrusting through a
knot of men at the door had come almost
at a run to where they were.

  “Sax Northrup?” he had asked swiftly.

  Even before Northrup could answer, there
came a little whirring sound and a small ar-
row, tipped with a blue feather, evidently
fired through the open window from with-
out, drove deep into the Indian’s side. His
eyes, turned toward the square of dark-
ness, were horrible. And Northrup, bend-
ing over him quickly, had seen no pain,
just wicked, venemous hatred in them.
The arrow was poisoned and the wounded
man knew it.

  In a little room just off the saloon the
Indian told his story to Northrup and
Strang. To the latter because he asked to
stay, since the Indian made no objection,
Yahoya

 ii

t

because Northrup had no reason for privacy
in the matter.

  That night the Indian died. But first
he had told his story. Northrup, looking
his incredulity, saw a keenness of eagerness
in Strang’s eyes. And in the end the Indian
convinced them both.

  “Look!” he had panted, speaking as swift-
ly as he might in the Hopi tongue. “There
is more—like this!”

  He had managed to squirm over on his
bed, jerking weakly at something tied about
his body under his shirt. It was Strang’s
eager hands which did the actual work.
There was a little bag there, made rudely
from a piece of buckskin. And in the bag
were two gold nuggets and half a dozen
turquoises.

  “But why do you give this to me?”
Northrup had demanded. “You came here
looking for me. I don’t know you.”

  “I know you,” the Indian had answered.
“Where hard things get done, I hear your
name. Where dangerous things are, I hear
your name. A man must be like you to go
there. Now listen: get paper quick; make
marks on it while I tell you.”

  And so Northrup had made his map.

  “It is many miles, more than two hun-
dred, before you come to the beginning of
the trail,” the Indian had said. “Red Rock
Gully, you know? And Badger Gulch be-
yond, and Coyote Gap on the other side,
they are known to you.”

  “Yes,” Northrup had answered.

  “Then, Bahana, listen. Listen with both
ears!”

  He made his description of the trail to
travel swiftly, seeming to have each great
or minor direction in mind, as if he had
carefully arranged every detail already.
From Coyote Gap Northrup was to go
straight toward the rising sun where it lift-
ed between the two peaks in the Spanish
Mountains, the peaks known as Los Dos
Hermanos. There, in the pass, was water.
It was not over ten miles from Coyote Gap.

  Then, before going further, the Indian
had wriggled up, his back against the wall,
and had seized pencil and paper from North-
rup.

  “Look,” he had said, making a little
mark. “This is where the north star is.
You can always find the place of the Kwinae
Wuhtaka—North Old Man—on the desert?
Day and night, by the stars?”

  Northrup nodded. Already he had be-

gun to feel something of the earnestness
which seemed to possess the Indian and
which at the jump had gotten into Strang’s
blood. The Indian grunted his satisfaction.

  “Now,” the Hopi had said at the end,
showing the same readiness which So Wuhti
showed months later to meet the Skeleton
Old Man half-way, “it is done. You will go,
for there is gold at the end of it all, and
where there is gold, if it is under hot rocks,
a white man will go. The other Bahana,”
looking shrewdly into Strang’s brightening
eyes, “will go also. You will make two
writings, so that if the wind steals one you
will not die for water.”

  “Oh, I suppose we’ll go,” had been North-
rup’s answer. “But look here, my friend—
I want to know what’s back of this? Why
are you so infernally set upon anybody
using the stuff you can’t use yourself?”

  The Hopi’s last earthly grin was full of
malice.

  “It is because I hate Tiyo,” had been
the full of his explanation.

IV

THE question, “Who the devil is
Tiyo?” had come quite naturally to
Northrup’s lips when he had first
heard the name. But now it had long ago
been crowded aside, all but forgotten. In
due time he’d know, or else he’d never
know', and in the meantime he had other
matters to ponder upon.

  It had been at a spot some ten miles in a
general northeasterly direction from the
point indicated on his map by the words
“Canon—Pines—Mountain Ridge,” that he
had had his mishap. Here Strang had left
him. Here So Wuhti had appeared before
him like a black witch, to become his good
angel.

  When he had pushed on again he had
found that, day after day, the country un-
folding before him became more menacing.
He found no water of any description, ex-
cepting at those spots where little crosses
upon his map indicated it. He slept and
woke with the knowledge that should he
miss one of these holes, should the Indian
have lied to him, should the drifting sands
have covered and blotted out a spring, why
then the tale was told for Sax Northrup.

  And there was another thing, a thing
which multiplied a hundredfold the danger
which lay about him: While the figures
12

Adventure

upon his map told him definitely that it
was ten or twenty-five miles between water-
holes it was, after all, just guesswork—
guesswork first on the part of an Indian
runner, guesswork on his own part; guess-
work where the penalty for a mistake might
well be death. No, as he went on, there
was not much call to puzzle over the ques-
tion, “Who is Tiyo?”

  “In a race across the desert with the
‘Skeleton Old Man’ it is well to travel
light!” Northrup remembered that bit of
advice. From So Wuhti’s caves he had
brought water, corn-meal, a little dried
meat which she informed him was rabbit
meat but concerning which he had his
doubt. At any rate it was meat.

  When he came to a pool in a dry creek-
bed, a spring great enough to give life to a
little splotch of green stuff under the cliffs,
he rested, sometimes a day or two if there
was a hard pull ahead of him. Here he
found animal life, cotton-tails and jack-rab-
bits for the most part and a few birds.
They were tame, having no doubt never set
their bright round eyes upon a thing which
walked upright as he did, and they were
curious.

  What he needed Northrup killed, either
with his automatic or with stones. The
meat had but to be tossed over the limb
of sage or mesquite for the sun to “jerk” it
for him.

  But times came when his stomach was
empty and he went long without food; when
there were no last, precious drops in his
canteen and he began to fear that at last
his map was lying to him. But always he
forged on; never did the thought of turning
back come to him. He knew that Strang
had gone ahead, Strang for whom he had
felt a mild sort of contempt.

  He passed successively the points he had
marked “Cave Rocks,” where he spent two
days and a half in interested exploration of
the broken remnants of a civilization which
must have been many centuries old before
the Spaniards came into the New World;
Big Skeleton, where, as the Hopi had fore-
told, he came upon the sun-bleached bones
of what must at one time been a veritable
giant of a man, now a pile of bones no long-
er of interest to preying animals where it
lay upon the top of an overhanging boulder;
Poison Springs where there were more skele-
tons, these of thirst-tormented, unwary ani-
mals; the Sunken Meadows which might

have been originally the home of all the
world’s butterflies, and where many re-
mained, great-winged, incredibly swift, that
they might live at all through the eternal
warfare which the bird - folk here waged
upon them, where humming-birds bright-
ened the air and mocking-birds shook out
their cool, clear notes against desert sun
and silence; into the ancient realm of cliff-
dwellers where he saw countless orifices
punctured into the cliffs a hundred, five
hundred feet above some spring where he
camped.

  As the weeks wore on and he entered
more deeply into the heart of the unknown,
Northrup became possessed of a faith in
the undertaking which had not been with
him at the outset. Then he had thought,
“I’ll go and see.” Now he felt, “I’ll go and
find!”

  The very fact that every day he had con-
stant proof of the Hopi’s truthfulness began
to work its spell upon him. Why should
the end of the tale then prove fiction? Was
he hourly drawing nearer the desert trea-
sure-house?

ACROSS bare, blistering miles he
followed his trail that led him to
those deathless springs which in old
times had made these arid lands an open
thoroughfare to moccasined feet. There
were times in those long, silent days of utter
solitude when, far to right or left, he fan-
cied he saw along high cliffs the remains of
an old civilization, man-made trails in the
rock, rudely circular holes in the precipices
which well may have led into cool, cham-
bered dwellings.

  But it was risking too much to seek to in-
vestigate here where distances are deceptive
and water is not assured. Nor did he have
the inclination to linger. His quest had
gotten into his blood.

  The time came at last when, standing
clear and distinct in the north, he saw the
line of cliffs marking his journey’s end. He
traveled now at night, since the moon was
at the full. Through the loose sand which
seemed one instant to give away as freely
as water only to grasp at his ankles and
hold him back the next, he plowed on all
that night, his face set toward the north
star. In the moonlight the desert about
him was touched into a softness of beauty
which was no attribute of it in the harsh
light of day; the distant mountains looked
Yahoya

13

unreal, mystically lovely, the borders of
fairyland.

  “What sort of people were the men and
women who lived this, knew no life but
this?” was Northrup’s thought over and
over. “The warriors, were they as hard as
the desert by day? The maidens, were they
as savage as their lovers? Or did the soft-
ness of desert moonlight, the tenderness of
desert colorings seep into their souls?”

  Toward dawn, from a gently sloping
loma, he saw the clump of trees, mesquite
for the most part, betokening the spot where
he was to water and rest. From here, when
the coolness of another dusk came, he would
press 011—over the last lap of the quest.

  That day he dozed restlessly, dreaming
broken dreams from which he started up
repeatedly, muttering. The scenes through
which he had so long traveled had had their
deeper impressions upon him and suggested
wild thoughts which in sleep were uncheck-
ed. The speculation of what might lay
ahead mingled with them.

  He felt all night as if he were in the grip
of some power other than his own, not to
be explained by materialistic mankind. He
dreamed that the old peoples who had
striven with the desert for existence, who
had mastered it and lived through it, were
not dead; that they still had their moun-
tain fastnesses; that he moved among them;
that strange adventures were his.

  Toward late afternoon, too restlessly
eager for further rest, he ate, drank, filled
his canteens and struck out for the moun-
tains. And before he had gone a mile, be-
fore the sun had wheeled down toward the
end of the hottest day he had yet experi-
enced, a thing occurred which sent a thrill
through the man’s physical being, a fresh
shock of wonderment into his heart.

  Before him were the heat waves trembling
over a wide expanse of barren sand. Sand
for miles in each direction, the white, loose
sand which one finds in wind - tumbled
dunes, like the white sand of the seashore,
but waterless. Then slowly into the empti-
ness of burning air there grew a vision. He
looked upon it at first with little interest;
this sort of thing could hardly interest him
after all these years of life upon the fringe
of the desert, he thought. But, ten steps
further he grew stock still, his heart thump-
ing wildly, the old sense of the supernatural
strong upon him.

  He saw, woven into the semblance of

reality from sunlight and air, hanging in the
air close to the ground, like some master’s
painting suspended by invisible ropes, a
scene of rare beauty, of mad beauty, for
this bleak stretch of scant vegetation. It
was a garden a hundred feet across, with
tall, lush, water-loving flowers such as he
had never seen before.

  In the heart of the garden a pool of water
with shade-trees dropping leaves into it, a
pool not of nature’s making but of man’s.
For surely its basin was white rock which
man’s hand had carved and scooped out;
surely there stood carven pillars and col-
umns of white stone about it. The water
shone at him with a blue laughter, the white
of the rock glistened like snow; the grass
and plants flung emerald reflections at
themselves; the blossoms everywhere were
purple and scarlet and deep rose.

  Clearer and clearer grew the desert vision
until Northrup, seeing a bright-colored par-
rot drop from a swaying branch like a float-
ing flower, caught his breath in wonder-
ment.

  “My God!” cried Northrup sharply.
“Have I gone mad?”

  He knew the way in which the thirst-
torment ends: in forgetfulness of what one
has suffered, in delicious delirium, in fancies
like this thing which his two eyes told him
was physical fabric.

  His eyes had followed the gaudy flight of
the parrot. And so they came to see what
he had not seen before, to trick him into
thinking he saw what he would not believe
existed.

  A hand had been thrown out—never mi-
rage like this if this in sober truth were not
magic’s masterpiece—a slow-moving, grace-
ful hand, a bare arm of rare perfection. The
parrot had perched upon a finger, seeming
to cock a suspicious, jealous head toward
Northrup. So Northrup had seen the hand,
the arm, the maiden herself.

  She was lying upon her side, an arm flung
out, an arm under her head. He saw the
loose hair about her face, saw—or fancied
he saw, for his senses were reeling—the face
itself, the lips curving to languid laughter,
saw the white robe girt about with a broad
band of blue, saw the crimson flower set
close to the brown throat, saw the little
bare feet from which the white moccasins
had fallen. And then--

  Then the air had wavered and shimmered
and clouded and cleared, and Sax Northrup
14

Adventure

found himself staring out across an empty
stretch of white sand, drifted here and there
by the desert winds.

V

TONIGHT the wind rose with sun-
set, sweeping across the desert in
strong gusts. The white drifts of
sand were disposed anew, in fresh designs.
The sand, carried in level strata, cut at
Northrup’s face and hands, stinging him
unmercifully like fine particles of heated
glass.

  Within an hour the wind dropped. The
sparse grass here and there was motionless.
It was stifling hot for another hour. Then
came sudden cold through which Northrup
made swifter progress. At dawn he thought
that the mountains were not ten miles away,
that he could come to them long before
noon.

  But as the sun rose, the wind came up
with it, blowing again in mighty gusts, then
settling into a steady storm from the north.
Every step of the way now Northrup fought
hard. The wind whipped the moisture out
of his body until his skin seemed to be on fire.

  Bend his head as he might, the sand found
its way under his hat-brim, cutting his face,
driving through his shirt-collar, slipping
everywhere into his clothing, running into
his boots. An hour after sun-up it was fear-
fully hot; the sun was a small ball looking
very far away yet smoldering with an in-
tense red heat.

  He hoarded his water, but again and
again his dry throat drove him to lift his
canteen to his lips. He sought to see the
mountains ahead of him and could not make
out the dimmest outline.

  The flying sand would have hidden them
had they been less than a tenth of the ten
miles distant. It had smothered the world;
it was choking, stifling him. He tied a
handkerchief about his face and threw him-
self to the ground. He could make no prog-
ress against that fierce, raging storm from
the north. He knew the folly of matching
his strength against it. At this rate he
would have exhausted his force, drunk his
water in an hour, and then the piling, drift-
ing, flying sand would work its grim way
with him.

 He began to think the storm would
never end. The darkness into which mid-
day was plunged grew thicker; the sun was

a terrible, unearthly thing, dim and red.

  Until far in the afternoon the sand-storm
swept upon him, racing away into the south
with a sound of distant booming, with the
whistle of dry sand upon dry wind. Little
by little it subsided, the air thinned, a vague
blur looking at the end of the world marked
the mountains.

  Northrup lifted his canteen. He had only
a little water, perhaps two cupfuls, left. He
drank sparingly and, fearful lest the wind
might rise again, blowing for many days as
he knew it did at times, he forced his heavy
way northward.

  He moved like a ghost through a mist of
sand all that day. The wind came and went
in gusts, dying down utterly toward sun-
set. The air cleared then, the mountains rose
steeper, came marching to meet him. He
drank the last drop of water and pushed on.

  Moonrise found him, beaten and grimy,
at the mouth of the great canon toward
which he had journeyed. He hurried on
into the canon. There were black shadows
everywhere about him. But slowly as he
went on the shadows drew into themselves
as the moon climbed higher.

  Here, on each side of him, were the walls
of the canon, lifted up in sheer cliffs. Al-
ready the cliffs were a hundred feet high;
ahead he could see that they stood up into
the sky seven hundred, a thousand feet.
The canon where he stood was perhaps fifty
yards in width; a little further on it widen-
ed out to three times fifty yards, narrowing
again rapidly.

  But now Northrup’s eyes were concerned
not with the walls of rock but with the floor
of the canon. He wanted water, wanted it
badly. All day he had been stinted for it;
now he must have it, and soon. His throat
ached and burned; his tongue felt thick and
stiff in his mouth; his whole body cried to
him for water.

  He believed that he had come to the right
canon; it was as the Hopi had described it,
lying due north of the last water-hole, with
the tallest peak towering above it. If in
the sand-storm he had lost his bearings, why
then so much the worse for a foolhardy ad-
venturer.

FOR an hour he sought water and
ImuS found none. His thirst was tor-
menting him, driving him mad.
The moonlight glistening from a white slab
of granite tricked him; he hurried stumbling
Yahoya

15

to it only to twist his lips into a silent curse
when he saw clearly.

  He sucked at his canteen and in sudden
wrath threw it from him. A moment of
terror came upon him in which he ran here
and there blindly. He jerked himself to-
gether with anger at himself.

  He went to the flat-topped boulder and
sat down. He needed rest almost as badly
as he needed water. And he must get him-
self in hand.

  The orb of the moon silvered the cliffs
above him. Northrup sent his eyes quest-
ing everywhere, even up the cliffs. He saw
something move, a wolf he supposed. He
wasn’t interested in wolves; it was water he
wanted.

  But his eyes remained a moment with
the sign of life, hundreds of feet above him.
The moving thing came out from a blotch
of shadow and stood upon the edge of the
cliff. It was not a wolf, it was a man, or
else the trickery of the moon was building
another taunting vision for him.

  The moving form, coming to the very
edge, stood still. Northrup saw the man
distinctly, almost straight up above him.
The face was in profile, etched clear against
the sky. It was the face of an Indian, Hopi
perhaps, but handsomer than the Hopi
Northrup had known, the nose prominent,
the features sharply cut and clear. The In-
dian was naked save for the white loin-
cloth and the band about his head. His
arms were flung out toward the moon as if
in supplication, his body rigid a moment,
his head lifted.

  Northrup sought to call out, and a dry
whisper in his tortured throat fell hissingly
upon his own ears. He sprang up, striving
again to call. But the form above him was
gone. The man had drawn back from the
cliff-edge; the moonlight silvered the rock
where he had been.

  Hastily Northrup sought the way up
there, knowing that he must come upon this
man before he was beyond call. He might
have used his gun to attract attention—he
thought of that now—but already his feet
had found the first of the rude steps in the
cliff and he was climbing rapidly. When he
came to the top, then if the man were not
to be seen he would use the gun.

  As Northrup’s head rose slowly above the
edge of the cliff he stopped suddenly, a lit-
tle gasp in his throat. Here was a great
shelf against the precipice, the cliffs falling

abruptly to the desert below, rising sheer
another five hundred feet back of the level
space. The space, itself some hundred feet
in length and half of that in width, appeared
to him like some mighty stage set for one of
the desert’s wild extravaganzas.

  He saw not one man but fifty, a hundred;
he could not estimate how many. All were
like the first, gaunt-bodied, clothed in the
loin-cloth of pure white, their bodies glis-
tening in the moonlight like polished bronze.
They were moving about in a slow, stately
procession, their arms lifted to the moon,
their faces upturned, their forms swaying
rhythmically as they circled about a form
standing above them upon a flat boulder.
Along the cliff wall upon the far side of the
level space Northrup saw other forms, these
in the shadow, clothed in white robes,
whether of native cotton or buckskin he
could not tell, the forms of matrons and
maidens, scores of them.

  Not a sound had come to him. The feet
moving in the wide circle were bare feet
falling lightly upon a floor of rock. He saw
lips opened, moving in unison as if some
mighty chant were bursting from them.
And yet no sound of singing came to him.
It was as still here as it was out ten miles
across the sands.

  The form standing upon the boulder
about which the others circled, was that of
an old man. Northrup saw the hooked
beak of a nose like a hawk’s, the hair falling
about the shoulders, silver under the moon,
the black eyes filled with a strange ecstasy.
And then the black eyes saw him.

  Just Northrup’s head coming up slowly
from the void below', a great head of yel-
low, disheveled hair, a great yellow beard,
unkempt and made over into gold by the
night light, great blue eyes looking fierce as
a wolf’s from the thirst upon him.

  And yet the ceremonial dance, if such it
were, went on with no pause. The old man
stood still, his arms outflung, his lips mov-
ing as the lips of the others moved. He had
seen Northrup, he had seemed then to have
forgotten him.

  Northrup came slowly up to the ledge,
his big body seeming unnaturally large when
at last he stood upon a level w'ith the
others.

  “Water!” he cried hoarsely. “I want
water.”

  He had spoken in English. His voice cut
rudely into the silence. Those wrho had
i6

Adventure

not seen him before saw him now. A hun-
dred looks turned upon him, swift and
startled. For a moment the swaying bodies
and moving lips grew as still as the rocks.
Then again the bodies swayed, the lips
moved, the silent circle continued as if he
had not broken into it.

  “Water!” cried Northrup again, moving
toward them heavily like some great tawny-
maned lion, wrath in his eyes. And in half
a dozen tongues, dialects of the southwest
he hurled the word at them:

  “Water. I want water!”

  A fierce anger surged into Northrup’s
heart. Would these copper-bodied devils
of silence keep on with their mad dance
while Sax Northrup was dying of thirst?

  He bore down upon them, the voice in
his throat harsh and savage. They gave
back before him, moving but a little to the
side, their bodies still swaying, their lips
still moving. But he saw that the scores of
eyes were turned upon him wonderingly.

  So he came almost to the boulder upon
which the old man stood. He saw that
this one was clad differently from the others,
a long robe hanging from his shoulders, girt-
ed about by a broad band of red, a chain of
glass beads—or were they turquoises?—
about the forehead, holding the hair back.
He had come almost to this man, thinking
him to be the one in authority here, when
he found another of the bronze bodies in his
path.

  Northrup plunged toward him, but this
man did not move aside. He was taller
than the others, Northrup noted, gaunt-
bodied like them, but with mighty sinews
standing out upon shoulders and arms and
thighs, a man as tall as Northrup.

  Northrup threw out his arm to thrust this
man aside, his one thought to come to the
old man. But his arm struck a body hard
like rock, unyielding.

 “-you!” shouted Northrup. “Stand

aside. I want water!”

  The man’s body was swaying gently with
the other swaying bodies, his lips moving
with the other moving lips, his eyes fear-
less and stubborn and filled with threat.
Northrup’s two hands shot out, gripping
the bare shoulders.

  Until now he had seen no sign of a weapon
among these people. But suddenly a knife
had leaped out in this man’s right hand, the
moonlight running down the thin, keen
blade. And still no sound save Northrup’s

heavy breathing and scuffling feet and an-
gry, snarling voice.

  Northrup’s rage was like the rage of a
mad desert animal. As the knife-blade
swept upward, preparatory for the down-
ward blow, Northrup struck. His big fist
hammered straight into the Indian’s face,
the knife clattered to the rocks, the Indian
staggering back.

  In an instant Northrup was upon him,
had caught the lean body in his hungering
hands, had dragged it to the cliff’s edge, had
lifted it high in air until the bronzed limbs
stood out against the sky.

  Then, his savage blood-lust gone as swift-
ly as it had come, he had cast the man
down upon the ledge at his feet, turning
swiftly toward the other forms which had
ceased swaying at last. And as he turned
he heard a burst of laughter, the soft, tin-
kling laughter of a woman. Out of silence
he had drawn this thing, a woman’s laugh
bubbling over with mirth like the overflow
of a sparkling fountain. And then he saw
her.

  Beyond the stone where the old man
stood was a narrow rift in the wall of rock.
Deep in the rift was a blazing fire, throwing
into relief the form which had come out
from it. The form of a girl, her left arm
and shoulder bare and brown, a single stone
or bead gleaming upon her forehead, her
slender form clad in a long, loose robe of
white, her feet encased in moccasins of white
buckskin.

  And her eyes under her dusky hair laugh-
ed, fcer red lips laughed. And as if an echo
of her laughter came the laughter of the
gaudy-plumaged parrot perched upon her
round wrist.

  Northrup stared at her in amazement,
thinking himself staring at some soft maid-
en of the Orient. He forgot the others, for-
got the man at his feet who had rolled over,
his dark hand going swiftly to the knife
upon the rock. He thought of it in time
because of what he saw in the girl’s eyes.

  No sound after the laughter had died
away, no single word. But in her eyes was
a language which was not to be misunder-
stood. There was anger there now, a wrath
which blazed as brightly as Northrup’s had.
And there was a command. Her eyes, pass-
ing beyond Northrup, were upon the man
with the knife.

  She lifted her hand as if putting a cup of
water to her lips. Then she nodded briefly
Yahoya

at the man who stood so close to Northrup
with the knife shaking in his hand. North-
rup, turning, saw again the picture of an-
ger there, but an anger sullen and hesi-
tant.

  He again looked to the girl. Her hand,
pointing at this man, made again the swift
gesture of lifted cup, then swept in a wide
arc, pointing into the rift in the rock walls
through which the fire gleamed.

  Northrup found himself watching as he
might have done were this in reality some
extravaganza and he in his seat in the audi-
ence. He read the command in the girl’s
furious eyes, the hesitation and sullen rage
in the man’s, the wonder in other eyes, and
something that looked like fear, a look of
baffled fury in the eyes of the old man in
the long robe. And then he was following
the man with the knife, passing through a
long lane of silent, watchful figures, going
after his guide through the narrow passage-
way into the cliffs.

  For an instant, as he was passing close to
where the girl stood at the mouth of the
cleft, Northrup paused, his eyes turned curi-
ously upon her. Her eyes met his steadily,
eyes whose color was elusive there in the
moonlight. He could only tell that they
were big, dark and lustrous.

  A word of thanks upon his lips was check-
ed by what he read in her quick expression.
The girl’s gaze had swept him from the top
of his tousled yellow hair to the sole of his
dusty boots. Her look, meeting his again,
was filled with admiration; her thought
stood out plainly, with no attempt at con-
cealment. It was as if she had opened her
red mouth and said softly, wonderingly:

  “You are the biggest man, the most won-
derful, the most handsome I have ever look-
ed upon!”

  Northrup’s face reddened suddenly and
he went on, merely bowing deeply as he
passed. He saw the face of the man with
the knife; this man too had read the girl’s
expression and his features were twisted
with malicious rage.

VI

r NORTHRUP, forcing himself to
drink slowly, looked about him be-
tween sips of the cold water. He
had followed his guide through the narrow
cleft, by the fagot fire, up a series of wind-
ing, uneven steps in the rock and out upon

a second ledge, some distance to the side of
the first and some fifty feet higher.

  Here, in a niche in the rock, was a clay
water-jug, brimming. Above rose the cliffs
precipitately upon one side; upon the other
they fell straight down to the more gentle
slope of the foothills. There was-no sign of
habitation here, nothing to bespeak human
occupation of these heights save the water-
jug and the Indian who had brought him
here.

  Turning, Northrup looked back down the
rude stairs and through the cut in the rocks.
Upon the lower ledge the old man was
standing upon the boulder, his arms lifted,
his face upturned, his lips moving. About
him the bronze figures, naked save for the
loin-cloths, were passing noiselessly, bodies
swaying rhythmically.

  The girl with the parrot upon her wrist,
a slender, peeled willow-rod tipped with
feathers in her hand, was watching them.
Her Ups moved with the others, her lithe
body swayed with theirs, the feather-tipped
rod in her hand beat time to the voiceless
singing.

  The man at Northrup’s side had slipped
silently away, his bare feet falling noise-
lessly upon the rock staircase. Swiftly he
went down, dropping from sight, reappear-
ing by the fire, passing out upon the lower
ledge to take once more his place in the
circling about the old man.

  Was the desert in all truth a place be-
witched? And were these voiceless beings
the band of sorcerers brewing black magic
to cast out through the moonlight and over
the world? What strange race of tongue-
less people was this upon which he had
stumbled, following the wild tale of a dying
Indian down in Santa Fe? And—suddenly
the question which had not presented itself
for many days came back to him now—who
was Tiyo?

  Northrup shrugged his shoulders in an-
swer to his own questioning and again lifted
the water-jug to his lips, drinking more
deeply now. Time would answer him and
in the meantime he was not going to die of
hunger and thirst. He sat down upon the
verge of the higher ledge, filled his pipe and,
resting, watched what went on below.

  For the greater part of an hour the silent
circling continued. Then, at no signal
which he could see, it ceased suddenly,
breaking off with abrupt finality.

  The girl with the parrot, walking slowly
i8

Adventure

between the two long lines of bronze figures
which had drawn up and grown motionless
for her passing, went to the boulder where
the old man in the white robe stood. As
he reached down she put her hand up, tak-
ing one of his. She carried it to her lips,
the action filled with reverence. The old
man stood above her like one great in power,
undisputed in authority, accepting homage
and reverence as his due; the girl’s attitude
was one of rare humbleness and humility.

  But in an instant the parts had changed.
As she had dropped the withered hand, the
old man had slipped down from his place
of eminence. In a moment he had sunk to
his knees, had lifted the blue embroidered
fringe of her robe, had carried it to his lips.
And the girl’s air had suddenly undergone a
change lightning swift. Her head was lift-
ed, the round throat showing brown and
bare through the opening in her robe; she
had gathered her small height so that she
looked tall; her manner was subtly arro-
gant, queenly proud. As the kneeling fig-
ure looked up at her the reverence was in
his eyes, the power and dignity in hers.

  “It’s the land of mad folks!” grunted
Northrup.

  A man knowing as much as Northrup of
the Indians of the Southwest, such as dwell
in Oraibi, Walpi, ancient Taos, throughout
the desert lands of New Mexico, Arizona,
Utah, knows with what tenacity they cling
to traditions which were old centuries be-
fore the armored Spaniard came hi to the
New World. He knew them for a deeply
religious people, their beliefs stoutly main-
tained in the face of alien interference, filled
with ceremony and symbolism. He knew
that this thing which he was watching was
some rite deeply important to these people,
and could only watch, wondering vaguely
what it portended.

  Among savage people there is perhaps
even less difficulty in selecting at a glance
the “higher-ups” than among a people who
have gone further with civilization. Al-
ready Northrup recognized the very ob-
vious fact that the persons to be reckoned
with here were the old man in the white
robe, a priest, without doubt, the young
man with the knife, and the girl. And now,
awakening a keener interest in him, came
the knowledge that, for the moment at
least, it was the girl to whom all eyes were
turned with reverence and obedience.

  She lifted the rod in her hand, a baho, or

prayer-stick, no doubt, and once more the
silent circle was described, the old man
leading, the young fellow with the wonder-
ful physique following, the others taking
their places behind him. And all of them,
passing under the outstretched baho, stoop-
ed swiftly to lift the hem of her garment to
their lips. She looked over their bent heads
with bright eyes, like a young queen just
come into her birthright.

  In a little they had all passed by her and
in silent procession had come through the
defile in the rocks, mounting the crooked
steps, passing by Northrup with sharp,
black eyes turned upon him, across the sec-
ond ledge and down at the far side, seeming
to him to drop one by one into the void be-
low.

  After them came the women, matrons
first, with their hair arranged in Hopi fash-
ion, done low at each side, the maidens with
their hair massed into two great whorls,
one at each ear, flashing quick glances of
curiosity at him. Upon the lower ledge
now were five figures only, the girl with the
parrot and the two maidens who stood a
little back of her, one on each side, the old
man and the man with whom Northrup
had struggled.

  Now the girl was making swift gestures
which for a little perplexed the man who
watched her from above, though her com-
panions seemed readily enough to grasp her
meaning. Across the few feet which separ-
ated them, Northrup could catch their ex-
pressions as clearly as if it had been the sun
instead of the round moon hanging above
them. Into the eyes of the old man and
the two attendant maidens came a quick
look of horror; into the eyes of the other
man a look of black anger.

  The girl, seeing what Northrup saw, lift-
ed her head a little higher, her eyes grown
brighter, suddenly hard as rock. The ges-
ture again and Northrup knew that it had
something to do with him. For the feather-
tipped willow-rod was pointed toward him,
then out across the ledge where the others
had gone, then to the young man before her.

  The old man seemed upon the verge of
speaking. But, still with locked lips, he
shook his head vigorously. The girl whirl-
ed upon him, her attitude filled with sover-
eign menace, and he drew back swiftly as if
afraid of her. The two maidens, eyes wide,
lips parted breathlessly, stared in sheer
amazement at her.
Yahoya

19

  Again the girl with the parrot had whirled
about, her back upon the old man, some-
thing of contempt in the action, her eyes
blazing at the younger man. The gesture
came swift and imperious. The fellow who
had already felt Northrup’s fist, and whose
lips were swollen because he had, grew sul-
len, shaking his head with determined re-
fusal.

  The girl took a swift step toward him;
he held his ground obstinately. Suddenly,
her face showing the fury upon her, she had
lifted the prayer-stick as if she would strike
him with it. The thing was a slender rod
which a man might break between thumb
and forefinger. And yet it was the sacred
bahol

  Northrup thought that he heard a gasp;
he knew that what looked like shaking fear
had descended from the rod still held aloft.
The old man and the young had stooped,
lifting the hem of her garment, and the girl,
her lips curved into a victor’s smile, turned
her back upon all of them and came through
the defile, to the higher ledge and to North-
rup’s side. She flashed him a smile which,
filled with triumph, was not without the
warmth of the admiration which had been
in her eyes when he had passed her. Then
she went across the ledge, pausing at the
brink to look back.

  The old man and the two maidens had
followed her. The other man, his face con-
vulsed, his eyes like knives, came to where
Northrup was now standing. For a mo-
ment, the two men looking into each other’s
eyes, had a glimpse of what might lie in the
future. Then again Northrup was follow-
ing his guide.

  The girl, seeming satisfied, went down
over the edge of the cliff. Northrup, follow-
ing his guide, found other steps there, wind-
ing downward and turning about a great
knob of rock. And then, startled by that
which he might have expected, he was look-
ing down into the garden with the white
rock basin, the white stone columns, the
pool of water and the green-leafed trees he
had seen in the mirage.

  Here was a third broad ledge, the cliffs
at the back curving outward over it, al-
most like a roof. Close under this over-
hanging precipice was a building, rudely
square, built of white stone and cement
with one wide door set between two pillars
of stone.

  There were half a dozen square openings

in the wall, their use as windows obvious.
Upon the flat roof were green things grow-
ing and the great blossoms looking either
white or black in the fainter light there. A
temple, Northrup guessed. He was to learn
differently soon.

  At the side of the pool the girl with the
parrot had stopped. The bird, fluttering
from her wrist, perched upon a limb which
bent and swayed with him. The old man
and the younger one, who had guided
Northrup here, made again the deep obei-
sance and passed on, going to the far edge
of this ledge and passing down other steps,
out of sight. The two attendant maidens,
their eyes still wide with surprise and won-
der, waited a few steps from their mistress.

  Again a quick imperious gesture as she
turned upon them. They moved back and
away, going from her to the stone building,
disappearing through the wide door. The
girl who had remained turned slowly, her
eyes upon Northrup.

  For a little she stood looking at him with
deep soberness, her oval face like a little
child’s in its unaffected interest and curios-
ity. Then suddenly—it seemed that she
did all things with rare swiftness excepting
when the mood or pose of languor was upon
her—a smile touched her lips into gentle
curves, her face dimpled up at him, from
low in her throat came a little burst of
laughter.

  “Ishohil In your big hands did Tiyo
look a little bug squirming! For that, Ba-
hana, I thank you! Askwalil”

  “Tiyo?” grunted Northrup. “So the
gentleman with the carving-knife is our old
friend Tiyo, eh?”

  The words, coming with the little start
of surprise, found utterance quite natural-
ly in English. In the same tongue he added,
“You pretty thing! I wonder if you
know you are the prettiest girl I ever saw,
red, black, yellow or white?”

  She looked at him frankly puzzled, shak-
ing her head slowly. Northrup laughed.
Speaking in the tongue his many months
with So Wuhti had perfected he said
quickly:

  “I was just mentioning my delight at
meeting up with Tiyo. I have heard of
him.”

  She showed her pleasure at his speaking
words which she could understand by clap-
ping her hands. But, again very sober in
her regard of him, lifting her face upward
20

Adventure

until the wonder was he didn’t kiss her
tempting mouth then and there, she studied
him a moment and then declared as though
quite satisfied and convinced:

  “You are beautiful, Bahana! You are
like Sikangvvunuptu! Your eyes are like
the skies one sees from the mountain-tops.
Your hair is like gold, more beautiful than
gold.”

  She came closer, putting up her hand in
that swift way of hers until her fingers gent-
ly brushed the hair at his temple.

  “Yes, you are like the God of the Yellow
Dawn.”

  Northrup whistled. And then, though
he felt like a fool for it, he blushed. He
felt his face getting red, as red as fire. The
girl, seeing his embarrassment, laughed
again, her mirth rippling out through the
still night, as pure and clean a thing as the
moonlight itself.

  “You little devil!” muttered the man.

  She lifted her brows, making again the
sign that she did not understand. Then for
an instant Northrup lost sight of her in a
new vision which appeared abruptly. He
had thought that Tiyo and the old priest
had gone on down the rocks somewhere;
evidently they had contented themselves by
merely going down over the edge and re-
maining there just out of sight.

  For, as if some one had pulled a string
and they both were puppets answering to
the jerk, their two heads appeared again,
the old man’s face twisted evilly into a crim-
son rage, Tiyo’s eyes filled with horror and
an anger like the priest’s. Even the two
maidens who had disappeared through the
wide doorway were back at the entrance; it
seemed to Northrup that their dark faces
had grown ashy. He was positive that
they had clutched at each other and that
they were trembling. He turned question-
ing eyes back to the girl.

  If before she had taken upon herself a
seeming of queenliness, now she was like
an angry goddess. A moment ago one
could not have looked into the limpid,
laughing pools which were her eyes and
have imagined that they could change so.
They blazed with an anger which was great-
er than Tiyo’s and the priest’s; they shone
with a menace which was hard enough to
inspire one with terror. Northrup saw that
while the two men held their places there
came quickly into their look a certain hint
of uneasiness; the two maidens had fled

into the dark interior of the stone building.

  “Why do you linger, Inaa Wuhtaka
(Father Old Man)?” she said with a tone
which knew the way to be at once cool,
steady and deadly. “Why, Tiyo, do you
bring back into the presence of Yahoya
your evil face, unbidden? Do you wish
Yahoya’s blessing? Or her curse perhaps?”
The baho in her hand lifted a little, a
very, very little. But the gesture was sig-
nificant. Both men started back as if they
had been struck across the faces. Then,
only anger again to be read in the priest’s
countenance, he began a series of frantic
signs which Northrup, looking on in won-
derment, was at loss to read, but which the
girl seemed to grasp readily.

  “Inaa,” she said gently, quite as a moth-
er might speak to a forward child, although
his years must have numbered seventy at
the least, while the maiden was at the first
blush of womanhood. “I understand what
your locked lips whisper. Your speech
comes from your heart and so it is kind.
But you will remember, Inaa, that though
a priest you are only a man whose path goes
the way soon of the Skeleton House. And
you will not forget, Inaa, who is Yahoya!
Go! Tiyo goes with you.”

  The thin old hands lifted in protest drop-
ped hopelessly; with no word Inaa, and
Tiyo with him, went over the cliffs and out
of sight. Northrup, filled more than ever
with curiosity, turned to the girl.

  “He is like an old sheep, is Inaa,” she
smiled with pleasant disrespect for the
cloth. “All white wool and little brain.
And Tiyo—Tiyo is his son.”

  “And you,” said Northrup, wondering at
all he had seen. “You are—Yahoya, a
great lady—a princess?”

  Her smile was as serene as the moonbeam
across the still pool as she answered him,
stating quite simply as the most matter-of-
fact thing in the world:

  “I am Yahoya—a goddess!”

VII

“I — I see,” stammered Northrup
when he could think of anything to
say. “I—I might have known it. I
never saw a goddess before, but—oh, yes,
you’re a goddess, all right!”

  “Yes,” said Yahoya simply, dimpling at
him quite like a maiden of flesh and blood,
altogether adorable. “I am Yahoya, chief
Y ahoya

21

goddess of the ‘People of the Hidden
Spring,’ sister of Haruing Wuhti, daughter
of Cotukvnangi, god of thunder, mother of
T-okila, the Night, bride of Pookhonghoya,
god of war.”

  Northrup bowed and remembered to take
off his hat. From the comer of his eye he
looked at the goddess Yahoya in stupefac-
tion. Was she poking fun at him or did
she believe all of that stuff?

  The question need not go begging for an
answer. Her whole being breathed the cer-
tainty that she was what she had said she
was. The attitude of Inaa the priest and
his evil-eyed son Tiyo backed up her belief.
They were all so certain of the thing that
Northrup, a little dazed, asked himself:
“Well, why not? Everything happens
here! Why not find oneself in the presence
of deity?”

  And he admitted that she looked the part
•—all except being the mother of Tokila, the
Night, or of anything else.

  “It is the Festival of Silence,” the god-
dess was explaining to him in the same
quiet way. “At such time it is death to
make so much as a little sound with the
lips, death to a mortal. But I, being an
immortal, may do as I please. You, being
bidden by me, may speak. Inaa,” and she
laughed again, mirthfully as at a rare
thought, “Inaa is afraid of the Skeleton Old
Man. But most of all is he afraid of me!”
“Yes,” said Northrup, gathering his wits.
“Exactly.”

  She turned a little and led the way close
to the pool of water in the white basin,
along its side and to what appeared to be
a huge panther-skin cast upon the ground
under a drooping tree. Here she seated
herself, stretching out, making herself com-
fortable, lying as he knew she had been ly-
ing when the sorcery of the atmosphere had
shown her to him across the desert. Even
the parrot was upon a swaying branch
above her.

  “Be seated, Bahana,” she said lightly.
“We shall talk. My lips are tired with the
long silence.”

  Northrup’s tired body was not averse to
accepting the invitation. He sat just at
the fringe of the shadow of the tree, a few
steps from her, where he could see the play
of her features. And already he began to
forget his weariness.

  “Yesterday, in the late afternoon,” he
said with the impulse upon him, “you were

lying here, upon the panther-skin. Your
hair was loose, all about your shoulders;
your little moccasins had fallen off and you
did not notice. You wore a flower at your
throat. Your bird was in the tree there.
He dropped down and perched upon your
wrist.”

  Yahoya, without sitting up, looked at
him, a little startled, hers now the time for
wonderment.

  “But you were not here to see, Bahana.”
“I was out yonder,” he answered.
“ ’Way out on the desert.”

  “Then,” she cried a little breathlessly,
“you too are a god! Not a Bahana but a
deity. You are perhaps, him I said you
looked to be, Sikangwunuptu, God of the
Yellow Dawn! Ishohil”

  She had twisted over, her graceful body
little less pantherine in its movements than
had been the body upon whose skin she
now lay, and slipped to her feet, standing
over him.

  Wondering what thing she was going to
do next, Northrup sat still watching her.
She was making him a curtsey or an obei-
sance, he wasn’t quite sure which. Any-
way it was pretty and decidedly worth
watching. He was already asking himself
why white girls didn’t have half the charm
of this wild thing.

  “You are Sikangwunuptu!” she was cry-
ing softly. “You, a great god of the under-
world, have come up to visit at the kiva of
Yahoya, Chief Goddess of the People of
the Hidden Spring! You are more beauti-
ful than a man because you are more than
a man. You have the strength of ten Tiyos
because you are an immortal. See. I, too,
am immortal,I, the Goddess Yahoya! And
yet I, even I, kneel before Sikangwunuptu,
great God of the Yellow Dawn!”

  And, true enough, the impetuous creature
had sunk to her knees, throwing out her
round, brown arms as in supplication. The
parrot, perhaps bewildered at seeing his
mistress act so, gave utterance to a nervous
squawk, fluttered over her head, availed
himself of a vicious snap at Northrup and
went back to his tree to watch.

  Northrup in his wanderings up and down
the world had seen little of womankind,
knew little of her and her ways. In all es-
sentials he sat spellbound for an instant,
hardly grasping Yahoya’s intent. But in
another second when her two hands had
found his two and were lifting them to her
22

Adventure

lips he realized that, savage or goddess, she
was getting into the way of making him
blush and that he didn’t like it.

  “Look here,” he said quickly. “My
name’s Sax Northrup, if you want it. And
I’m hungry.”

  Yahoya laughed lightly. Northrup
wasn’t sure that he knew what inspired her
laughter. She seemed to be built of mirth.
She was on her feet again in a flash, drop-
ping him another of her quaint little bows,
her dark eyes dancing. Then she had cup-
ped her two hands to her mouth and called.
Her two maidens came pattering in bare
feet across the stone courtyard.

  “Nayangap Mana! Tocha Mana!” she
cried softly to them when, hesitant and
wide-eyed, they stood before their mistress,
darting swift, curious glances at Northrup.
“You are in the presence of the gods!”

  As if this were a signal and they grasped
it instantly, the two not uncomely maidens
plumped down upon their knees.

  “Listen!” went on Yahoya swiftly. “He
whom you see before you is one come up
from the underworld to have speech with
Yahoya. Guard your eyes that they go
not blind with looking upon him. It is
Sikangwunuptu!”

  Instantly four brown hands flew up to
hide four very bright and inquisitive eyes.
Northrup fancied, while he was not certain,
that the girl called Nayangap was peeking
at him through her fingers.

  “He has come running across the desert,”
continued Yahoya. “Therefore is he hun-
gry. He does not carry water with him as
men do; therefore he thirsts. Hasten!”
Before Northrup, missing the canteen
which had been with him so long, came to
remember how in a fit of anger he had
thrown it away down in the canon, Nayan-
gap and Tocha had flitted back across the
moonlit space like nimble little ghosts.

  “What makes you so certain,” demanded
Northrup abruptly, “that you are a god-
dess?”

  Yahoya, again making herself comfort-
able upon her panther rug, pondered the
matter a moment.

  “One just knows,” she explained. “The
coyote knows he is not a humming-bird
and the horn toad knows he is not an
eagle.”

  “How does it happen then that you dwell
with mere mortals?”

  “I tarry with them but a little while,”

she told him thoughtfully, her eyes upon
the moon now. “My home is yonder.”

  “In the moon, I suppose?” he bantered.
  “Yes,” she answered seriously.

  “But,” he argued, scarcely knowing why,
“you were born here, among these people,
of them.”

  “Oh, no!” she smiled brightly, shaking
her head at him. “I was not born. I have
lived always. I just came.”

  “Then,” he demanded, “how in the—
how did you get here?”

  “It was a night like this one, many years
ago,” she explained. “The moon was big,
like you see it now. I floated down through
the night.” She laughed reminiscently.
“When I appeared coming out of nothing-
ness, singing the sacred song before Inaa,
the old priest, I think he was much afraid.
But he knew that a goddess had come.”
There could be no doubt that she believed
this rigmarole. Nor did she' seem to be
insane. If one were taken when she was a
little girl, taught from the beginning that
she was an immortal, she’d grow up into
such a young woman as Yahoya was. In
the old days when the divine right of kings
was undisputed the princesses must have
been no little like the Yahoya type. But
they were only mortals!

  “And of course Inaa told everybody that
a goddess had come to town?”

  She nodded, seeing no sacrilege in North-
rup’s way of speaking. Seeking beyond the
mystification of her “explanation” he
thought that he saw light. Priesthood often
enough is synonymous with trickery; no
doubt, some years ago old Inaa had needed
or wanted to strengthen his prestige. It
had been, no doubt, a comparatively simple
thing for him to procure a pretty little girl
from some distant tribe, to bring her here
secretly and pass her off upon his credulous
people as a divinity. It was not difficult to
see how he’d strengthen his own hand in
the matter. It at once amused Northrup
and appealed to him as strangely pathetic
that the girl herself had come to believe as
the others believed.

  “I suppose,” he said, completing in words
the thought which had suggested itself to
him, “that in due course of time Inaa will
marry you off to Tiyo, his son?”

  “That has been his wish,” she responded.
“And it was mine, for in holy matters Inaa
is very wise, while in other things he is stu-
pid. But when the Man of Wisdom came,
Yahoya

23

I saw it was not for me to marry Tiyo, but
him.”

  “And who is the Man of Wisdom?”

  “Oh, he is the one who teaches my peo-
ple wonderful things! Such things as men
know out in the world of the white man.
And he tells Yahoya wonderful tales of the
land where he will take her one day when
she marries him—of great wagons which
run uphill without horses; of wires over
which people speak across many miles; of
big waters with houses floating upon them;
of beautiful women who wear beautiful gar-
ments.”

  Northrup started, a suspicion that at the
jump was almost a certainty upon him.

  “A tall man, thin faced, with drooping
eyes?” he asked. “Very heavy eyebrows,
coming together over his nose? A way of
twisting his hands while he listened? He
has been with you about half a year?”
Yahoya gazed at him in rapt admira-
tion.

  “You know everything, Yellow Beard!”
“I know Strang,” he grunted. “And I
think I know his ways. So he is going to
marry you, is he?”

  “Oh, yes,” she dimpled at him. “That
will be nice, won’t it? He is not pretty like
you, Yellow Beard, but then he is prettier
than Tiyo. And he is white.”

  “On the outside,” growled Northrup.

“But do you think it is wise for an-”

  He had started to say “an Indian girl,”
and thought better of it. He must try to
keep in mind that she was a goddess! So
he finished—

  “For one of your race to marry a white
man?”

  She stared at him wonderingly a moment,
then broke again into laughter.

  “So then Yellow Beard does not know
everything after all! His eyes can not see
through a piece of cotton cloth. He thought
that Yahoya was black like Nayangap and
Tocha. Look!”

THE amazing maiden had suddenly
drawn open a little her robe at the
throat, showing him the merest hint
of her round breast. And Northrup sat
astounded. The sun and desert air had
worked their will with her flower-like face
and hands and arms, making them brown
and dusky. But her breast was as white
as milk!

  “You see,” she smiled quite naturally,

“goddesses are white like the women of the
Bahana.”

  “My God!” said Northrup. And then,
trying to speak sternly although his voice
was a trifle uncertain, “Cover yourself,
child. You oughtn’t to do things like that.”
“Why?” she wanted to know. “Am I
not pretty?”

  “You are a madness-making little beauty,
that’s what you are,” he said in English.
“And besides you are an ingenuous little
savage.”

  His anger against Strang had had many
months in which to cool and it was no hard
matter for Northrup’s generous nature to
make allowances. But suddenly the old
anger was flaring out hotter than ever. It
was no hard matter to see the situation
through Strang’s eyes. His big hands shut
slowly into hard fists.

  “Do you love this man, this strange Ba-
hana?” he asked her.

  Yahoya’s smiling lips had turned into a
pout. Her quick fingers were busy gather-
ing her gown close up about her brown
throat. She had expected him to be pleased
with her, and he had seemed angry. With a
quick glance Northrup saw what she was
doing, glimpsed also a little gold chain
about her throat, hidden in a moment by
her cotton garment.

  “Goddesses do not love mere men,” she
told him loftily.

  Nayangap and Tocha came then bearing
in their hands broad trays upon which were
many dishes and enough food for ten men.
Evidently they expected that the god Si-
kangwunuptu had a stomach in proportion
to his might and dignity. They set down
the trays, half afraid of him and yet thrill-
ing a little with the thought of being so
close to him. Then, at a curt nod from
their mistress, they were gone.

  “Tell me about Strang,” Northrup com-
manded after a sip of water and beginning
upon the piki. “Does he love you?”

  “Oh, yes,” Yahoya answered a little stiff-
ly. “All men love me.”

  “Humph! I don’t.”

  “You!” widening her eyes at him after a
fashion peculiarly her own. “But you are
not a man—you’re just a god!”

  “I’m no such thing,” he said emphatic-
ally. “I’m a man, a white man, I hope,
and my name is Sax Northrup.”

  “Then,” she informed him demurely, “it
may chance that after all I shall not marry
24

Adventure

the Man of -Wisdom. For, though you
growl like a bear, you are so much prettier!”
“I want to know all about Strang,” said
Northrup hurriedly. “He’s been here over
half a year. Why does he stay on so long?”
She knew perfectly well how to droop her
eyelids, how to flash a sidelong glance at
him, how to do whatever she pleased with
her two dimples.

  “It may be that he has stayed because
Yahoya lingers here.”

  He wasn’t persuaded. It might be, but
it didn’t sound like Strang a little bit. It
was more Strang’s way to get out of this
with both hands filled and to a place where
a man might throw his money after the
sort of things which are to be found in cities
of the white men.

  “Also,” Yahoya admitted, “it was the
word of Inaa that the Bahana should not
go forth to tell of the People of the Hidden
Spring. He does not go out of sight of
Tiyo or one of Tiyo’s men.”

  “He is a prisoner then?”

  “He is held in high respect; songs are
sung for him; my people learn many things
from him. But it is death for him if he
tries to go away.”

  “Then,” he asked her, “how does it hap-
pen that you count on having him show
you the wonderful things of his world when
you are married?”

  “You ask many questions, Sax North-
rup.” She hesitated over the name, casting
the two words into one and making quite a
mess of it. “But if you must know, Yahoya
and Eddie have many words in private.”
“Eddie!”

  “He tells me to call him that. It is
nicer than Strang, and oh, so much nicer
than Saxnorthrup!” She achieved the last
with a little shudder and another of her sly
glances at him. “If I decide to love you I
shall call you Eddie!”

  Northrup passed from corn-meal soup to
melon, from melon back to corn-meal soup
without ever realizing that his manner of
eating was fascinating Yahoya. If Strang
had been here all this time and had had
words in private with this unsophisticated
little thing, if in all that time he had not
taken the trouble to enlighten her upon her
possible past history, what was the answer?

  The man who would leave a partner to
die alone out in the desert, robbing him of
his last drop of water, was not the man to
be overscrupulous in his dealings with a

maid. Not with a maid like Yahoya.
Northrup looked at her sharply, seeking
the measure of her beauty. She looked a
being created all of soft curves, with ten-
der dimples set just where they would do
the most good, or the most harm, as the
case might be.

  “Where is Strang now? Tonight?” he
asked.

“There is sickness in the tribe down by
the corn meadows. Eddie has gone there to
drive out the sickness and make people well.”
“Whew! So he’s turned doctor, has he?”
“He is the Man of Wisdom. He can do
all things. He knows everything.”

  “He’s certainly got a strangle-hold on
the situation,” thought Northrup.

  Out of a spell of moody abstraction he
was recalled to himself by the tinkle of Ya-
hoya’s laughter.

  “You make faces, like this,” she informed
him, wrinkling her forehead into a frown
and thrusting her lower jaw out at him. “It
must be that you and Eddie are not good
friends?”

  “I don’t think that we are. But look
here, Yahoya, have you made up your mind
that you are going to marry him?”

  “Oh, yes! At the end of the Festival of
Silence.”

  “What does Inaa say of it? And Tiyo?”
“Inaa grows very cross. And Tiyo looks
at Eddie like he could eat him up. Tiyo is
very sad that I don’t wish to be his wife.”
“You told me that before. Now the next
question is, when does the Festival of Si-
lence end?”

  “With the moonset. Then I will sing the
sacred song and after that my people may
unlock their lips.”

  “And you marry Strang at dawn?”

  “Yes, Saxnorthrup.”

  She looked at him teasingly, as if her in-
stinct or intuition had told her that the
matter displeased him and as if it were all
a lark for her. But she looked a little
troubled when he said shortly:

  “You’re going to do nothing of the sort.
Not after I have a talk with your friend
Eddie.”

VIII

YAHOYA sat very still, half in
moonlight, half in shadow, looking
steadily at Northrup. He, return-
ing her gaze, could see that in the depths of
her eyes there was a light as of an inner fire.
Yahoya

25

  “I wonder,” she said softly, “are you Si-
kangwunuptu, God of the Yellow Dawn?
Or are you a mere man, Saxnorthrup?”

  It was not a question asked of him but
of herself and he made no answer. He had
told her already; now she was seeking to
decide for herself. Suddenly, with that
swift gracefulness which was almost like a
liquid flowing, she was upon her feet, her
arms thrown out toward him as he rose
with her.

  “What are you?” she cried, and there
was passionate earnestness throbbing
through her erect body, thrilling through
her clear voice. “You come up like a god
—a White God of the underworld! Your
hair is like fine threads of gold; your eyes
are like such turquoises as they do not find
any more in the world, such turquoises as
Haruing Wuhti wears upon her throat and
arms when the Sun God conies to see how
beautiful she is. Your skin where the sun
has not blackened it is white like goat’s
milk, white and soft like Yahoya’s own!
Why do you come?”

  She broke off suddenly. He could hear
her breathing. Then, before he could an-
swer, she had gone on impetuously, drop-
ping her arms, moving a little closer to him.

  “Do you come seeking a maiden, Yellow
Beard? Ishohil There is no mana here so
beautiful as I! Look! Do you come to
make my heart leap out of my side for you?
It has leaped, quick, without waiting, as
the white antelope leaps up when he sees
the wolf. If you come seeking a maiden
then, Yellow Beard, here am I, Yahoya,
maiden and goddess, who will follow you
into the desert if you will, or down into the
underworld.”

  She stood so close to him now that it was
almost as if he had obeyed the wild im-
pulse upon him and was holding her in his
arms. For an instant he felt that one must
be more than man or less than man not to
yield to her.

  But his arms, lifting a little, fell again to
his sides. He had one code, had Sax North-
rup, and many hard years of seeking to live
up to it had made him the man he was.
“Accept the chances which the game of life
presents, but play the game square!” If
ever there was call upon him for fair play
it was now.

  “Yahoya!” He sought to speak sternly,
but his voice was uncertain, catching a lit-
tle in his throat. “There is moon-madness

upon you. You don’t know what it is you
are saying.”

  She looked at him with a curious smile,
in which were oddly mingled wonder and
confidence.

  “Must Yahoya twist her lips into lies
when her lover comes?” she asked softly.
“Must she hide her heart because it loves
you, Yellow Beard?”

  “You are talking nonsense,” he said
harshly. “You don’t love me and there’s
no reason why you should. Love doesn’t
come this way, in a hurry. Just because
you are used to Indians about you and I

am the first white man-”

  “You forget Eddie,” she dimpled at him,
still confident and undisturbed by his words.
“I did not love Eddie.”

  “Thank God for that! But that’s no rea-
son you should think you love me. Nor
any reason that I should love you.”

  She laughed at his earnestness.

  “Your Ups lie well for you, Saxnorthrup.
But in your eyes I saw the truth before you
hid it. When you lifted your arms a little,

like this-”

  Already did Northrup, thinking of the
coming dawn, foresee complication enough
without this. Feeling that he must settle
this matter while the strength of will was
with him, he said in well simulated anger:
“Yahoya, listen to me. I did not come
here seeking a maiden. I came looking for
gold and turquoises. I have need of them,
not of a mana. You do not love me and I
do not love you. Do you understand?”

  He marveled at the lightning - swift
changes which seemed so natural to this
girl. In a flash the erect body had grown
rigid, the laughing mouth hardened cruelly,
the dark eyes were flashing at him as he
had seen them flash at old Inaa in a mo-
ment of anger.

  “So,” she said, and her voice was steady
and low, but as hard as flint. “So you
come but to make mock of me? Is that it?
I offer you my love and you push it aside
to seize upon gold and cold stones! You
dare—you dare make light of Yahoya’s
love?”

  Northrup watched her, uncertain of the
answer to make.

  “If you are a god,” she said in the same
cold voice, “I, too, am a goddess; then the
time will come when I shall learn how to
make you twist your great body in suffer-
ing. If you are but a man--”
26

Adventure

  She stooped swiftly, snatching up the
prayer-stick from the grass.

  “If you are but a man,” and she stretch-
ed it out over him, “I have but to touch
you with this and you wither and die!”
“Try it,” he said bluntly. “You might
kill a lizard with it; nothing more.”

  A moment she seemed to hesitate, in
deadly earnest, filled with assurance that
her curse would annihilate him. Then she
dropped the baho to the grass again.

  “I think,” she said quietly, “that I shall
wait until the dawn. That then I shall call
and Tiyo and the others at my command
will hurl you out from the rocks. And I
shall laugh at you while you die horribly,
Yellow Beard!”

  “I’ll plug a dozen of them full of holes
first,” grunted Northrup, a real anger be-
ginning to grow within him.

  God knew he was but seeking to befriend
her and that she needed a man to lift a
curse from her. And all that he was getting
by way of reward was a threat of death.

  “Yahoya,” he said after the flash of an-
ger, forcing himself to a sane line of thought.
“I want to tell you something. Will you
listen to me and try to understand?”

  Now he was the one supplicating; now
there was a note of eager pleading in his
voice and she was the one who could deny.

  “Yahoya has wasted enough time amus-
ing herself with a new plaything,” she said
with her quaint little queenly air. “Now
she must go and prepare for the bridal cere-
mony.”

  She took a step to pass him, but North-
rup set himself stubbornly in her path.

  “Stand aside!” she commanded him.
“Or shall I call for Tiyo and his men?”
“What are you going to do?” he demand-
ed. “Are you going on with this mad wed-
ding?”

  “At the dawn,” she informed him coolly,
“Yahoya will become the bride of the Man
of Wisdom. After that she will do what
she likes. It may be that she will have Tiyo
throw Eddie down the cliffs; it may be that
she will become a bride again to Tiyo; it
may be that she will have Tiyo throw Yel-
low Beard down to join the other Bahana!
Whatever the Goddess Yahoya wishes done,
that thing will be done. And now, will you
stand aside for me to pass?”

  “No!” snapped Northrup. “You are go-
ing to listen to me if I have to hold you
while you do it.”

  “You would lay your hand on Yahoya?”
The wonder at him stood high in her eyes,
but back of it was a quick look of admira-
tion. Certainly this man dared much.

  “I’ll take you across my knee and spank
you in a minute!” he told her in mystifying
English.

  “Are those magic words, Yellow Beard?”
she asked quite seriously.

  Northrup grinned a little.

  “They are very magic words, sometimes,”
he told her. “They have been known to
work wonders with little girls who didn’t
mind properly. I want to talk with you,
about you, Yahoya. Before it is too late.”
Perhaps it was his earnestness which held
her; perhaps just the curiosity to know
what it was he had to say of her. She
turned back, again making herself comfort-
able upon her rug.

  “Now,” and it was with a sigh of relief
that he began, “I want you to tell me again
of your coming here. Did Inaa, by any
chance, save any of the garments which
you wore?”

  “I came down from the emptiness of
night,” she told him. “My robe was built
of moonlight and mist.”

  “It’s a wonder you didn’t catch cold,”
he grinned at her, and he thought that she
had to fight back an answering smile. “So
nothing that you wore has been saved?”
“This only,” and her fingers at her throat
showed him a glimpse of the gold chain.
“This came with me from the moon and is
a magic thing.”

  He put out his hand eagerly for it. It
might be that after all she had carried with
her through the years a locket which would
establish her identity—if he could ever get
her out of this!

  “Let me look at it.”

  She shook her head.

  “It has never left my throat but the one
time for a goldsmith to lengthen it. To
take it off would bring evil. But since you
are curious, Saxnorthrup, and since it may
happen that you will die in a few hours,
you may come close and look.”

  Northrup bent over her, drawing the
chain out from under her robe. From the
slender chain hung a little locket, plain
gold. He found the spring, the locket flew
open. Within was the picture of a young
woman who, in this light, might have been
Yahoya herself. Opposite the picture were
some two or three words engraved, a full
Yahoya

27

name he hoped. But he could not make
them out.

  Well, this was something. If he ever got
out and got Yahoya away with him, he’d
never rest until he could tell her who she
was.

  “About the time that you came here,”
he asked, “do you remember that the body
of a white man or woman was found any-
where in the desert? Where they had given
out, starving, dying of thirst or a rattle-
snake bite? And quite near the spot where
you appeared before Inaa?”

  “No,” she answered, obviously puzzled.
“Why do you ask that, Yellow Beard?”
“This is the thing which I wanted to tell
you, Yahoya.”

  There he stopped hesitantly, trying to
see just how to go about telling a goddess
that she was just a girl in spite of her many
years of belief to the contrary.

  “A good many years ago,” he began
slowly, “some people, a man and a woman
and a little girl, perhaps, sought to cross
the desert. God knows what drove them
or lured them. We may never know that,
Yahoya, or it may be that we shall find
out sometime. At any rate, just before
they came this far, they died. Perhaps
their water gave out. The man would try
to save his water for the woman; she would
let her little girl drink and go thirsty her-
self. So it might happen that both man
and woman would die and the little girl live.”
He paused again, looking at her to see if
she began to understand. She was looking
at him intently.

  “Go on,” she commanded. “The little
girl, what became of her?”

  “They were white people, Yahoya. The
little girl was too little to understand all
that had happened. Maybe her mother,
dying, or her father, told her to go on to-
ward the cliffs where they had thought
they saw a man. The man they saw was
Inaa, and the little white girl was—you,
Yahoya!”

  For a long time she sat still and silent,
staring at him in sheer wonder. Yahoya
not a goddess! Yahoya a white girl, the
daughter of a white man and woman who
had perished miserably on the desert!

  Northrup, seeing the rise and fall of her
breast in the moonlight, the look which
had crept into her wide eyes, wondered
what tumult of thoughts had seethed into
her brain at his words. It did not enter

his mind that she would not believe him.

  But he had not counted sufficiently upon
what a dozen years of training had done for
her. She had been very, very little when
she had come to the People of the Hidden
Spring. Inaa had told her that she was a
goddess and had bade his people worship her.

  She had heard over and over and over
the tale of her coming down through the
night from her distant home in the moon;
the tale, oft repeated, had grown into fact.
She did not remember her father and moth-
er dying of thirst; she thought that she did
remember her floating down to earth among
the stars w’hich worshiped her as she went
by. She had been reared to a belief, a re-
ligion, which never a doubt had assailed. A
confidence like hers was not to be shaken
by the words of the first man who said:
“You are no goddess, but a mortal Ba-
hana!”

  “So you dare say to me, Yellow Beard,
that Yahoya is no true goddess but an im-
postor? Is that it?”

  “What I have to say is that old Inaa is a

- scoundrel who has used you for his

own purposes,” muttered Northrup. “You
are a girl, just a girl, and God knows there
is nothing more wonderful than that in the
world. A girl to whom the going back to
the world of her kind will be nothing short
of dipping into fairyland.”

  Yahoya’s sudden laughter surprised him.
“Fool!” she called him. “Fool and liar!
To think that I would believe such wild
tales. It would be well if you remembered
that you are but a Bahana, Saxnorthrup,
while I am Yahoya.”

  And he put out no hand now to stop her
as she went swiftly toward the stone edifice
under the overhanging cliffs.

  “Here’s a pretty game for a man to play
out,” he grunted when she was gone. “If
she were just plain girl things would be bad

enough. But being a goddess to boot-”

  Here he broke off. Yahoya had left her
panther-skin behind her. Northrup rolled
up in it and went to sleep.

IX

IN SPITE of the fatigue resting
like a dead weight upon him North-
rup dozed more than slept that
night, waking often. His destiny had
brought to him a responsibility which he
accepted unqucstioningly.
28

Adventure

  The whole future life and happiness of
an extremely unsophisticated girl was upon
his shoulders and if he played the game fair
he had her hand as well as his own to play.
These thoughts alone were sufficient to re-
strain him from yielding to heavy sleep.
And, allied with them, was the feeling that
his new acquaintance, Tiyo, might not be
averse to creeping up upon him and driving
a knife into him.

  Through the night he gained the impres-
sion that Yahoya had not gone to bed.
Now and then a light moved across the
door of her stone habitation; once or twice
he thought that he heard her voice giving
commands to her attendant maidens. Once
he was certain that it was her laugh, as
carefree as if she had never known a shadow
of trouble or anxiety in her life, that woke
him.

  The moon had long passed the zenith
and from bright silver had turned to a milky
whiteness when he started up to a new
sound. Since coming to this strange place
he had heard no voice save his own and
Yahoya’s; she herself had told him that no
one would dare speak until she had stood
out upon the cliff’s edge and sung the sa-
cred song. But now from the stone house
came not only her voice but the low rum-
ble of a man’s utterance. And the tone was
hard, menacing, oddly unpleasant.

  Northrup got to his feet, stretching his
body to get the stiffness out of it. He took
the gun out of its holster and examined it
to be sure that the clip was full, that it
might be relied upon in case of need. His
first thought was that the voice was
Strang’s.

  “It will be dawn in an hour,” he thought.
“I wonder what the new day is bringing for
all of us?”

  He went to the western edge of the cliffs
and looked down. There was the head-
quarters of the tribe. He could see ledges
and steps cut into the face of the precipice,
could make out countless orifices, rudely cir-
cular, which no doubt led into intricate
passageways and numerous small chambers.

  He noted swiftly that the stairways and
ledges seemed alive with figures of men,
women and children, and that in long
streams they were moving downward into
the canon below. Down there were many
other figures, clustering in groups where
their fires burned. Northrup saw with a
frown what they were doing. Everywhere

were great jugs, and from jug to jug the
men were passing, drinking. He saw that
many of them walked with the unsteady
step of drunkenness. And all in silence—
silence, absolute, unbroken by so much as
a whisper; silence hovering over a drunken
carousal!

  “When they start things going,” he mut-
tered, “where is it going to end?”

  Yahoya’s face, the clear-eyed, frank, in-
genuous face of a girl who should be wear-
ing her first party gown, flushed with the
triumph of her first season, rose before him.
If she had only realized the horror of the
position in which she stood it seemed to
Northrup that the situation would have
been a shade less terrible. But her calm
serenity in the face of all that encompassed
her, her dimpling assurance that she was
the Goddess Yahoya, only to be adored and
not to be harmed, made him feel toward
her as he might have felt toward a child
cooing its happiness over a new discovery
as it crept toward a rattlesnake.

  He shuddered at the thought and, turn-
ing away from the silent orgy below, went
with guarded steps toward the stone build-
ing.

  The low rumble of the man’s voice, rasp-
ing impatiently now, was not Strang’s voice.
Northrup realized that before he had gone
ten steps. He moved on quietly, coming to
the door.

  He looked into the one large room which
constituted the greater part of the build-
ing’s interior; saw that upon each side a
smaller door led into what was apparently
merely an anteroom of some sort; saw Ya-
hoya, her two maidens and the man who
was speaking swiftly. The man was Inaa,
the old priest. His attitude was plainly one
of dominance and threat now; Yahoya’s
eyes were filled with amazement. North-
rup guessed quickly that never had a man
spoken to her like this before.

  So intent were the four upon what Inaa
was saying that none of them noted the
tall form in the shadow outside. Yahoya
was seated upon some sort of chair over
which a robe of white skins had been
thrown.

  For a long moment Northrup’s eyes clung
to her, wonderingly. Until now he had not
been struck with the full measure of her
beauty. Now was there excuse enough for
superstitious minds to believe her what she
believed herself.
Y ahoya

29

   There were a score of little lamps in the
room, set in niches or upon squared stones,
the cotton wicks soaked in oil shedding a
bright, soft light. Northrup saw that the
girl’s eyes were not black but a deep, fath-
omless gray; that her hair was not the night-
black hair of Nayangap and Tocha but a
rich, sun-kissed brown.

  The hair was arranged as the native
brides wear it, in two great whorls, one at
each ear, held back from the forehead by a
broad band of gold above the brows. A
great turquoise, catching many lights from
the lamps, shone from the middle of the
golden band.

  The cotton gown of the early evening to-
gether with the broad blue sash had been
discarded for the bridal gown. This was of
some stuff which could not be but which
looked the finest silk, snow-white, a cling-
ing garment which fitted the tender form
perfectly, which left the arms bare, which
showed a glimpse of the whiteness of the
young breast.

  The band about her slim waist was a gir-
dle of gold, beaten into little squares joined
cunningly, each adorned with a pendent
turquoise. Her feet, encased in snow-white
buckskin moccasins, were crossed before
her upon the loose folds of the white robe.

  Nayangap and Tocha stood one at each
side of their mistress, their black eyes wide
and startled, their lips parted, a look of
fear upon each face. Inaa’s back was to-
ward Northrup. The old man’s form was
tense, his voice vibrant with the emotion
riding him.

  “It is death to break silence during the
Festival of Silence,” Yahoya was saying
now quite calmly, a little curl of contempt
touching her mouth. “You will go down to
the Skeleton House, Inaa, before the day is
born and dies again!”

   Inaa’s grunt was eloquent of his defiance.
“Will you not let the maidens go, oh, Ya-
hoya?” he demanded in a tone which told
that the same demand before had met with
her refusal. “The thing which I have to
say, for which I have dared break silence
before the time, is not for them to hear.”
“I have told you,” she answered him
steadily, “that it is my will that my maid-
ens stay with me. Surely with old age mad-
ness has come upon you! You are great
among your people, Inaa, but do you for-
get that you are only an old man, soon to
die? The Skeleton Old Man has one hand

upon your beard now! Be careful what
you say, how you speak to Yahoya!”

  Again Inaa’s grunt, making Northrup
vaguely uneasy. The old man was unmoved
by Yahoya’s words, and his attitude was
plainly untinged by respect.

  “Let the maids stay,” he said gruffly.
“It matters not. If,” and as he turned a
little Northrup could see the evil glance he
shot at them, making them cringe back
from it, “if they speak later of what hap-
pens here tonight they will go at once and
for all time to a lover who has cold arms
and lies in darkness.”

  He paused a moment, staring from under
his gathered brows at Yahoya. Then he
spoke swiftly, his voice lowered, unspeak-
ably stern.

   “There is little time, for what I have to
say must be finished before the first dawn
comes. Yahoya, at dawn you will sing the
sacred song?”

  “Will the sun rise?” she mocked him.
“And afterward,” he retorted, “you will
wed?”

  “Do you think,” she answered, her tone
filled with sarcasm, “that Yahoya can find
a man among all these men who will wed
with so ugly a mana?”

  “You think that you will put out your
hand and that the Man of Wisdom will
come? You will wed him?”

   “Oho!” she laughed, leaning a little for-
ward, her mocking eyes upon the old
priest’s. “And are you jealous, Inaa? With
madness has youth run back into your cold
blood, making it hot again? Do you covet
Yahoya!”

  And again she flung her laughter at him,
playing with him, finding vent for the an-
ger which he had whipped up in her. Inaa
lifted his hand as if to stop her. And Ya-
hoya’s laughter taunted him until she had
done.

   “It is my desire,” he said angrily, “that
you wed one of my own people. It is my
desire, Yahoya, that you wed Tiyo, my
son. It is also his desire. And,” the words
coming coldly, “it is my command!”

SLOWLY Yahoya’s face went
white. She did not move but seem-
ed for a long moment a statue ready
to be wakened into life but as yet cold mar-
ble.

  Then the blood sprang back into her
cheeks, racing hotly through her veins, a
30

Adventure

red tide of anger. Northrup drew a deep
breath and stared at her fascinated, forget-
ful for the instant of Inaa. The girl stirred
a little where she sat, then grew still, only
her quick breathing and flashing eyes and
the color in her cheeks hinting at the tu-
mult in her breast.

  “The others are drinking in the canon,”
she said coolly. “Have you too drunk deep-
ly, Inaa? Or are you eager to have the
vengeance of Yahoya strike?”

  “Fool!” snarled Inaa. “Must I, though
an old man, be afraid of you, a soft-bodied
girl? For the thing I have to tell you, Ya-
hoya, is that you are a girl and no goddess;
just a girl as Nayangap there and Tocha,
but with the white body of the Ba-
hana.”

  Northrup felt that he could have patted
the old villain on the back for that. For, if
anything were to be done for her, the soon-
er Yahoya got her ideas of her own divinity
out of her head, the better.

  “A girl, a girl with white skin, but just a
girl,” he gibed, mocking her as she had
mocked him. “A girl I put where she is; a
girl I can pull down and give to the village
to play with when I wish. Would you like,
oh, dainty Yahoya, to have the hard hands
of many drunken men pull you this way
and that? Or would you like to obey the
command of Inaa and wed Tiyo—and so
remain to the people what Inaa made you,
a goddess? You must decide swiftly, for
the dawn is coming and does not wait, Ya-
hoya, because a white maid bids it to!”

  Nayangap and Tocha gasped, turning
their bewildered eyes from their mistress to
the old priest, back to where Yahoya sat
motionless.

  Slowly now Yahoya stirred, her gaze go-
ing to Nayangap, then to Tocha.

  “You have heard Inaa speak,” she said
very quietly. “You have seen one high in
the thoughts of the gods stricken with mad-
ness. In a little those gods will gather him
to them, Nayangap and Tocha. You
will see; his death has left the underworld
to bring him thither. And harken well—”
her voice rising a little—“you maidens who
have heard must forget that you have
heard! I have commanded, I, Yahoya!”

  Even yet she did not believe. Though
two men had told her, first Northrup, who
claimed her one of his own blood, next Inaa,
who told her of his own trickery, Yahoya
would not believe. Too deeply had the

training of a lifetime sunken into her mind
to be wiped out in an instant.

  Inaa’s rage, curbed until now, burst its
bonds. With black, distorted face, with his
hands thrown out like claws of a beast, he
leaped at her.

  “Goddess, are you, Yahoya?” he snarled
at her. “Inaa will teach wisdom to a white-
bodied fool! If you are goddess and no
maid then may you fling an old man away
with no effort.”

  Northrup, unprepared for the sudden at-
tack, saw Yahoya dragged from her seat,
dragged down so that she was upon her
knees, the priest’s hands at her throat. Ya-
hoya struggled, but his strength in his rage
was ten times the strength of a girl, and she
could not so much as cry out. Her two
maids stood transfixed with horror.

  It was but an instant. Northrup, gather-
ing his strength in a sudden flare of anger
scarcely less than the frenzy of Inaa, threw
himself upon the old man, gripped his wrists
and ripped them away, flinging Inaa far
from him so that he staggered across the
room and struck the far wall.

  “You infernal cur!” cried the white man.

  He turned away from the blinking, evil
eyes to where Yahoya, white-faced and
panting, was staring at them like one rudely
awaked from a nightmare.

  “Why won’t you believe?” he asked her
sharply. “It is almost the dawn; your
whole life is in your hands now for a few
minutes. Why spoil it with an insane idea?
Can’t you see that you are just a girl, as he
says? My God! Won’t you see it?”

  In the girl’s eyes were so many emotions
striving for mastery over her that North-
rup could not guess what passed in her
mind. She opened her lips but did not
speak. He had felt a little spurt of anger
at her, too, that she let her stubbornness lie
in the way of her welfare. Now he felt only
a deep pity for her. In a rude moment he
and Inaa had tried to wrest from under her
feet the whole belief of her life. Small won-
der that she stared at them like that!

  “Yahoya,” he went on gently, “can’t you
understand it? And can’t you see that it
is a better thing to be a white girl after all
than a goddess of these cursed Indians?
Why, a world is open to you now that is as
wonderful as the world of the gods which
you have let yourself dream of. It will be
like paradise for a girl at your age to come
into the Twentieth Century outside!
Yahoya

3i

And—” again under the emotion upon him
he broke into quick English—“if you’ll just
buck up I’ll send you out of this mess if we
have to shoot our way out!”

  Yahoya, looking at him a moment curi-
ously, turned and without a word went into
the anteroom at the left, dropping a curtain
after her. Northrup swung about, seeking
Inaa. The old man had slipped away.

X

|||||j|| “GO TO your mistress!” Northrup
8|!||J commanded the two trembling girls.

      “And remember, goddess or maid,
she is your mistress!”

 He went outside. Yahoya must have
time to think before he tried further to talk
with her. And he himself wanted to think.
Inaa, none too sweet-tempered an old ras-
cal at the best, would be up to mischief now.
His anger would include Northrup as well as
Yahoya. It would be just as well to look
for nearly anything now.

  But he had not looked for what had al-
ready begun. His eyes, seeking Inaa, had
gone naturally to the far edge of the cliff
where the steps of stone led down to the
canon where the tribe was drinking. He
did not see Inaa, but saw a head rising as a
man climbed upward. At first he had no
suspicion who the man was, as Strang had
gone from his mind, and this was not the
Strang he had known.

  Strang’s breast showed as he came up.
Then, from the base of the cliff what had
looked a shadow there resolved itself in-
to a man’s form, leaping out upon Strang.
The moonlight fell upon the fellow and
showed Northrup Tiyo’s dark face, the
teeth showing, the eyes gleaming murder-
ously. The knife which already had threat-
ened Northrup was flung up above Strang’s
head.

  The two white men must have seen the
Indian at the same moment. Simultane-
ously their quick cries shot through the still-
ness. Strang leaped up the last of the steps,
throwing himself to the side as Tiyo came
at him. He had had but the instant to de-
cide and had decided upon taking the
chance here upon the level rather than seek-
ing to descend a hazardous way, leaving his
enemy over him.

  But Tiyo had had time to plan for all
things. As Strang turned to the side the
Indian sprang upon him. Northrup saw

the moonlight gleam on the uplifted blade,
heard the little grunt with which Tiyo
brought it down, heard the thud of the im-
pact and for the second thought that all of
Strang’s accounts were squared.

  Then, gripping his automatic, having no
chance to shoot from here, he ran to the
two forms which were rolling close to the
precipice. As he leaped forward, Yahoya,
having heard the cries, came running by
her maidens to stand in the doorway, watch-
ing them.

  Tiyo’s knife had drunk blood, but not
from the body of the writhing man, having
found a sheath only in the outflung fore-
arm. Now Strang, a tall man, made into
iron from his months on the desert, was
fighting as a maddened animal fights for its
life. His hand had grown into a steel band
about Tiyo’s wrist, was forcing the knife
back from him. And still, like two great
fighting cats, the two men now were almost
at the edge of nothingness.

  The Indian, seeing a chance, dropped his
knife so that it fell against the rock floor at
his left side. As quick as lightning he had
swept it up again in his left hand, had whip-
ped it up so that again it caught the moon-
light. And then Northrup, throwing him-
self forward, was in time. His great fin-
gers shut about the Indian’s left wrist, grip-
ping it as Strang gripped the other.

  A moment of breathless struggle in which
the muscles of the three men stood out
mightily. Then the three bodies relaxed as
the knife came away in Northrup’s hand,
and Strang and Tiyo, rolling over swiftly,
got to their feet.

  “Well done, Yellow Beard!”

  Yahoya’s young voice came ringing to
them; Yahoya herself had come quickly to
Northrup’s side, looking up into his face.
And again the man saw in the woman’s face,
unhidden, the admiration which looked out
at him frankly.

  Beyond the emotion which he had arous-
ed in her she seemed unmoved by what she
had seen. She was laughing softly when
she said:

  “It is in Yahoya’s heart to make you love
her, Saxnorthrup.”

  Strang whirled about suddenly. Until
now his watchful eyes had been for Tiyo
alone. The name, even as Yahoya pro-
nounced it, brought him peering into North-
rup’s face.

  “Northrup!” There was almost a gasp
32

Adventure

of fear in the voice. “You—you didn’t die
then?”

  “I think not,” Northrup assured him
coolly. “Otherwise I should not have had
the privilege of saving you a throat-cut-
ting.”

  “- him!” spat out Strang, his eyes

again going to the Indian. “I’ll get him for
this.”

  Tiyo’s face, a moment ago a picture of
the hot rage and hatred within him, now
showed nothing. With an elaborate as-
sumption of nonchalance, he lifted his shoul-
ders and turned to go down the steps.
Northrup, watching him go, noted that not
once had the man spoken, that now his lips
were sealed. The suspicion came to him
that Tiyo, like the rest of his simple people,
had been tricked by the old priest into a
certainty that Yahoya was a goddess and
did not dare speak until she, singing the sa-
cred song, had given the signal.

  “So you are alive?” demanded Strang as
if he could not be convinced. “And you
have got here?”

  He was frowning, his eyes deeply thought-
ful. He seemed already to have forgotten
Tiyo and that but for Northrup’s coming
Tiyo’s knife would have drunk more deep-
ly. There was no gratitude in his sharp
glance; but there was displeasure and sus-
picion. As quick as a flash his eyes went
from Northrup to Yahoya’s face where a
man must read what she did not seek to
hide.

  “Curse it!” cried Strang. “Haven’t I got
enough on my hands already? What the
devil do you want here?”

  Northrup grunted his disgust of the
man.

  “In the first place,” he said coolly, “I
want a talk with you. And I want it right
now, before daybreak. If you’ve got a
shred of decency in you, if you’ve got a
drop of sporting blood, which I don’t be-
lieve you have, I have a proposition to
make you.”

STRANG, gripping his wounded
arm as he followed, they went back
into Yahoya’s house. For North-
rup wanted what privacy there was to be
had. And he wanted what light he might
have upon Strang’s face.

  Yahoya, unbidden but frankly interested,
went with them. As they began speaking
in a language which was unknown to her,

she frowned a little and watched them the
more closely.

  “Here’s a girl who’s in a nasty mess,”
Northrup began abruptly. “She’s white
and she’s the plaything of a dirty old sav-
age. We’ve got to get her out of this. It’s
a sight more than a one - man job or I
wouldn’t ask your help. The mere fact
that there is no love between you and me
doesn’t cut any figure in a case like this.
Will you tuck in and help me get her out?”
Strang’s head was down as he sought to
bind up his wound. When he looked up it
was first at Yahoya. He studied her face
intently, then turned to Northrup. Then
of Northrup he demanded sharply:

  “Have you talked with her? Do you un-
derstand their lingo?”	>

  “Yes.”

  “What have you told her? Does she
know that the goddess stuff is all bunk?”

  “I have told her. But she doesn’t believe
me. Inaa told her and she thought that he
was lying.”

  There was a gleam in Strang’s eye which
told Northrup what he might expect even
before Strang’s voice demanded bluntly:
“Well? If she wants to believe it, what’s
the difference?”

  “What difference?” cried Northrup hot-
ly. “We’ve got to get her out, I tell you.
And it looks as if we’d have to go on the
run. Unless she gets that fool notion out
of her head, I’ve got my doubts if she’ll be
willing to go with us and leave what she
looks upon as her people.”

  Strang’s brows contracted into a quick
frown.

  “I know your sort pretty well, Sax North-
rup,” he said sharply. “You’re the kind of
man who likes to run things pretty much

his own way and to - with the other

fellow. Here you butt in where I’ve been
six months and at the jump are telling me
what ‘we’ are going to do! Hasn’t it en-
tered your head that perhaps I’ve decided
for myself what I am going to do? And
what this girl is going to do? And, by
Heaven! You can put it in your pipe and
smoke it right now that she is going to do
what I tell her to do!”

  Northrup bit back the words which came
to his lips. Now was no time to quarrel
with Strang. And, since no human being is
altogether vicious, he still hoped to find a
hint of decency somewhere in Strang.
“Would you mind telling me what your
Yahoya

33

plans are?” he asked quietly. “Things are
going to happen pretty fast now, you
know.”

  A little color came into Strang’s bronzed
cheeks, a quick bright light like a flame into
his eyes.

  “So you’ll listen to reason, will you?” he
demanded, making the mistake of thinking
himself the bigger man at that moment.
“You can just bet things are going to hap-
pen in a hurry. I’m going to get Tiyo’s
tag to begin with, the murderous young
hound! And I’m going to put a crimp into
Inaa’s game that will make him dizzy.
And, so that you won’t make any mistakes,
Northrup, I’ll tell you right now who’s run-
nin’ the whole show here. It’s Ed Strang!
What I’ve got I’m going to hold on to; what
I haven’t got—I’m going to get. And I’m
going to keep it—just as long as I want
it!”

  His eyes went swiftly to the splendid
form of Yahoya, clung there a moment and
then, defiantly, came back to Northrup.

  “You are just one man against a whole
tribe,” Northrup reminded him, keeping
the anger out of his voice though for an in-
stant his eyes were on fire with it. “Has it
occurred to you that they will let you go
just as far as it pleases them? And that
then they will know how to bring you up
with a rather ugly jerk?”

  Strang’s air while he was speaking had
subtly changed. Now, if in truth he were
not the master of the situation, he thought
that he was. From confidence he went to
insolence.

  “I’ve been here six months, you’ve been
here a few hours, and so you advise and
warn,” he laughed impudently. “And, if
you want to know, I am not one man against
a tribe. The tribe is split square in two, and

by-! I’m the man that split it! Inaa is

going down to make room for another man
who’s hungering after his job. Tiyo is go-
ing the same way to make place for a sort
of tribal captain who belongs to me. Do
you begin to see, Sax Northrup?”

  Northrup saw, knew that Strang was tell-
ing him the truth, and understood that in
sober truth Strang might have made him-
self the power to reckon with here. Then
Yahoya . . .

  “It won’t work,” he said quietly. “You
can’t get away with it, Strang, and you
ought to know it. You might put it over
for a while, but the bottom will drop out of

the whole thing sooner or later. And I
think it will be sooner.”

  “It will, will it? You wouldn’t mind ex-
plaining how and why?”

  “Because where one white man has gone
another follows. Where two have been
many will come. If I don’t take this girl
out with me I’ll come back for her. And I
won’t come alone.”

  Again Strang’s assurance rang in his
laugh.

  “Has the thought occurred to you that
maybe you won’t go out at all?”

  Northrup stared at him incredulously.
Strang had risen, or fallen, to levels North-
rup had not thought open to him.

  “Frankly, it hadn’t. I generally go where
I want to go. While we are threshing things
out you might tell me what you are driving
at.”

  “I’m driving at this: I’ve stumbled on
to something here which, if I work it the
one right way, will put me in a place where
I can make the Astors and Morgans shine
my shoes. If I let you go your way out of
here to blab, I stand to lose the whole
thing. So you are not going to get out! Is
that plain enough?”

  “You’re taking over a pretty big con-
tract, aren’t you?” asked Northrup stead-
ily. “I don’t see how you’re going to pre-
vent me going out, unless you get some of
your friends to stick a knife into me. And
you won’t do that.”

  “How do you know I won’t?” snapped
Strang.

  “Because you haven’t got the nerve,” re-
torted Northrup. “I know your kind, too.
You’d go off and leave a man to die alone
in the desert, because you’re an infernal
coward! Too much of a coward to kill a
man or to make somebody else do it.
You’re short on nerve, Strang.”

  Strang’s lips twitched a little, but his
eyes held hard to Northrup’s, and the cool
dare in them. After a brief, hesitant mo-
ment he whirled about and went to the
door. Yahoya, who had guessed what she
might of the conversation, flashed a quick
glance at Northrup and smiled.

  Almost immediately Strang came back.
He pointed outside. Northrup, looking,
saw six men, one after the other, come si-
lently up from, the canon. He noted that
all, excepting one only, were tall, sinewy
young men of superb physiques, and that
they were fully armed, each carrying two
34

Adventure

great-bladed knives at his belt, and in his
hand a short thrusting-spear. The one man
who had passed the prime of life looked a
patriarch. Hair and beard were snow
white; he was great-framed and erect; his
eyes flashed as if with youth.

  “Inaa’s successor,” said Strang, taking on
again his marked manner of one supreme in
power. “And the first of the young men is
Muyingwa who is hungering after Tiyo’s
job. They are friends of mine, as you call
them, Northrup. Don’t forget that. And
there are more of them coming.”

  “And I can drop the whole gang in their
tracks if need be before they can get within
knifing distance,” answered Northrup, un-
derstanding what lay back of Strang’s air
of authority.

  “And in the end get a two-edged knife
through you,” came the swift answer.
“You know that. You wouldn’t have a
chance in the world. If you did getaway
for the minute, what would you do? Run
out into the desert without taking time to
get a drink of water, eh?”

  “Go ahead, Strang. You haven’t entire-
ly outlined your plan.”

  “So you’re ready-to walk easy and talk
easier, are you?” sneered Strang.

  Still standing at the door he flung out his
hand a trifle theatrically. The six men stop-
ped dead in their tracks. He turned a smile
upon Northrup.

  “You see? Now maybe you’ll listen. I
haven’t got anything against you, North-
rup, and I’d let you go and be glad of it if
I could. But I tell you I can’t work this
game in a day. It’s too big; the stakes—I
tell you I can make the big men on Wall
Street look sick! If I took a chance on you
and you squealed when you got out, then
what? I can’t do it.”

  “That’s about enough sop to your con-
science,” cut in Northrup. “What do you
think you are going to do with me?”

  “I’m going to keep you here until I can
get out. I need a man like you. There are
mines here, gold-mines—it makes me dizzy
to think about it—which these fool Indians
have never worked beyond scratching the
top like a flock of clucking hens! You are
going into the mines; you are going to drive
the men I give you and drive them hard.
You are going to clean up more money for
me than you ever saw. And when I get
away and it goes with me, then you can do
as you-please!”

  “Many thanks,” said Northrup dryly.
“It doesn’t sound good to me, Strang.”
Before Strang could answer, the young
Indian whom he had made known as Muy-
ingwa came on, leaving his fellows. He
raised his hand in salute twice, first to
Strang, second to Yahoya.

His eyes ran by them all, flashed a greet-
ing which was filled with triumph at the
girl Nayangap, standing in the ante-
room door. Then, his eyes upon Strang, he
lifted his hand and pointed toward the east.
It was the first light of the dawn.
Northrup swung about toward Yahoya.
“Yahoya,” he said quickly, “you must
listen to me.”

  “I listen, Yellow Beard,” she said, look-
ing at him curiously.

  “What do you want to talk to her about?”
demanded Strang in sharp suspicion. “Keep
your hands off, Sax Northrup. She’s mine,
and you will do well to keep it in mind.”
“Yours? You contemptible coward!”
Northrup flung at him, his anger at last
snapping its leash. “You would trade on
her superstition and ignorance and then
throw her away when you got tired, would
you? Now I am going to talk with her and
you are going outside while I do it.”

  “Am I?” jeered Strang. “So you’ve got
a notion to the pretty innocent yourself,
have you? If you think I’ve kept my hands
off her this long just so you can have
her-”

  Northrup shut Strang’s mouth with a
blow which brought the blood and sent
Strang reeling out through the door.

  “Come in and I’ll kill you,” he said, his
voice dropped low and grown husky. “I
mean that, Strang.”

  Strang hesitated, then went swiftly to
Muyingwa and the others who had come
closer. Northrup paid no further attention
to him save always to keep him in sight.

  “Yahoya,” he said as gently as he could
with the emotions riding him. “You must
believe me. You are a girl, a Bahana like
me. Inaa has tricked you. Strang knows
it. Strang is a bad man in a good many
ways, Yahoya. I’d rather see you marry
Tiyo than him. Tiyo at least loves you, I
think. Strang plans on getting rid of Tiyo
and Inaa, on putting two other men in their
places—that old man out there and Muy-
ingwa. Then Strang will be chief man here
and he will do what he pleases with you.
Do you understand, Yahoya?”
Yahoya

35

  “I understand,” she said curiously, “that
you say I am no true goddess but a mere
girl, like Nayangap and Tocha there, but
white. Why do you lie to me, Yellow
Beard?”

  “Lie to you?” he cried. “Can’t you see
it’s the truth. Cut your hand and it will
bleed; put it in the fire and the fire will
burn it; go without food and water and you
will die like the rest of us! Can’t you see?
You’re just a God-blessed girl, Yahoya, and
no goddess.”

  She shook her head, the odd smile still in
her eyes.

  “The dawn is coming, Yellow Beard,” she
said softly. “I must go. The people wait
for Yahoya.”

  “But,” he cried after her, “you must not

marry Strang-”

  “The Goddess Yahoya promised,” she told
him steadily. “A goddess must not lie.”

XI

NOT the most patient of men,
Northrup was tempted to express
himself in very strong words and to
inform Miss Yahoya that from now on she
could do as she pleased for all of him, either
go to Strang or the devil and be done with
it. Nor did the smile which she turned on
Strang as she went by him soften North-
rup’s mood.

  “I have broken the sacred silence, O Ya-
hoya, goddess!” Strang was scarcely more
than whispering and yet Northrup’s eager
ears caught the words clearly enough. “But
it was because harm was threatened you
and I feared for you. Am I forgiven?”
“Am I true goddess, then, Eddie?” she
asked softly.

  “The white man in yonder says you are
not,” he answered quickly, his eyes watch-
ful of her slightest change of expression.
“He is a liar. Inaa says you are not; he is
a false priest, bewitched. They shall both
suffer for it, Yahoya. Tiyo denies your
godliness. He too shall suffer. Shall they
not, Yahoya?”

  “Take them when you will!” she said,
her eyes flaming; and so she passed on.

  Northrup shrugged his shoulders. He
told himself that he had done his best and
that he were a mad fool to attempt any-
thing further in the face of what confront-
ed him. But since madness had the way of
galloping down his blood when crises came,

he was by no means sure what the ending
might be. He knew that he would watch;
that if Strang or his crowd sought to lay
hands on one Sax Northrup, there was going
to be a fight worth a man’s while.

  As Yahoya, walking erect and swiftly
across the level space, came to the cliff’s
edge, Strang, followed by the old patriarch-
al figure, Muyingwa and the other young
men, went close behind her. Northrup
noted the glance which passed between
Muyingwa and the girl, Nayangap, a
glance easily understood since there was
not much difference between it and the
glance which might pass between two young
people in a box at the opera. Then North-
rup strode out after the others.

  If there was to be a fight it was well to
plan a bit while there was time. He forced
his mind to this now and away from Ya-
hoya.

  He saw that the Indians, heavily armed
as they were, might be held off by a man
with an automatic and plenty of ammuni-
tion. He saw that if Strang carried a gun
it was hidden about his clothes. He did
not believe that Strang had any sort of fire-
arm upon him. It would have been the
natural thing for the man’s hand to have
gone its way to his hip when Northrup had
struck him in the mouth; and he had made
no such gesture. There were a thousand
ways in which a man, out on the desert for
months, might have lost his weapon.

  “If I’m the only man here with a gun,”
pondered Northrup, “they’ll have their
work cut out for them if they start any-
thing.”

  He could withdraw toward the other
steps, up which he had come from the first
canon. In the narrow passageway he could
hold them back while he swept up the jug
of water. After that, what was to be would
be.

  The dawn had come at last. Yahoya,
standing upon the brink of the precipice,
stood very still, her head thrown back a
little, her eyes upon the pale moon, her
arms lifted. Northrup came closer to the
edge and looked down.

  The dark forms there were quiet, had
grown as motionless as Yahoya’s own. The
whole tribe gathered there stood with lifted
arms, with faces turned up. Now and then
when a form stirred Northrup could see that
it was a stagger of drunkenness, could guess
that the stuff which they had been drinking
36

Adventure

was the terribly intoxicating juice of the
agave, which, fermented in rawhide bags,
puts frenzy into men.

  Suddenly through the silence floated Ya-
hoya’s voice, singing softly. She was chant-
ing the sacred song, the song which people
said she was singing when she appeared be-
fore Inaa out of the night. She gave the
words strange little twists of mispronuncia-
tion—but the words were English! There
was no doubting that they were English, or
rather that they had been English when
Yahoya’s baby voice had sung them for the
first time into Inaa’s ears.

  It struck Northrup as an odd little thing
that this song alone should have remained
to the girl of the tongue which had been
her mother’s, this song which she could not
understand, but whose sounds had been
kept fresh through frequent repetition.

  And, somehow, the whole thing struck
him as more pitiful than amusing, although
both elements mixed into it. Here was Ya-
hoya, who had called him liar for saying she
was no true goddess, singing in all serious-
ness her sacred song; down there, far below,
was a tribe of Indians listening to her sa-
cred song with a sort of reverence. And the
song itself was a nursery jingle!

         Buzzfuzz was a jolly fly,

           Very blithe and gay!

         He began his lively dance
         With the break of day.

        Up and down the window-pane
          With a dainty tread,

         Sometimes on his tiptoes slides,

Sometimes on his head!

  Northrup caught a grin on Strang’s face
and could have kicked him for it. In his
own eyes he felt a sting of salt mist. He
no longer had a desire to laugh at Yahoya
or at the face-lifted crowd below. He no
longer felt resentment toward the girl. He
did feel a quick impulse to sweep her up
into his arms, to hold her tightly, as one
might hold a very little, motherless child;
to carry her away from here and make life
over for her.

       THE song died away and the still-
ness of the Festival of Silence went
with it. A thunder of voices crash-
ed through the night. Wild yells, until now
pent up in riotous breasts, broke out every-
where. And though the voices seemed cry-
ing all things in the world, from everywhere
rose the shout:

  “Yahoya! Yahoya! Yahoya!”

  Down yonder the forms were circling
drunkenly now—men, women and children
stopping only that they might drink, reel-
ing more and more, shouting, lifting their
voices in shrill, finely drawn notes, like the
yapping of a thousand coyotes.

  But from the seething mess came out
several forms, walking swiftly and straight.
From here there was no need to look twice
to see that it was the old priest, Inaa, who
led them. Close behind him came Tiyo and
after him a score of young men, all armed
as were the followers of Strang. They were
now coming up the steps. Northrup looked
quickly to see what Strang was doing.

  He had gathered about him the half-
dozen men who had come with him and was
giving sharp orders. Northrup marveled a
little to see them, one after the other, with-
draw until they had lost themselves in the
shadows under the overhanging cliffs.

  “If he means business,” wondered North-
rup, “why doesn’t he make the fight as they
come up the cliffs? The way Tiyo went for
him? Or has his nerve left him, after all?”
Now, standing upon the cliff’s edge where
all above and below might see them, were
three forms, that of a white-clad maiden,
her face radiant, a strange brightness in her
eyes, the form of Strang close to her at her
left, Northrup upon her right, a dozen steps
away. Then there was old Inaa, standing
between Northrup and Yahoya, then Tiyo
a little back, his eyes like hard, cold stones
upon Strang. The others who had followed
until now remained a score of steps from
the precipice where they were not to be
seen from below.

  “Now the show-down,” grunted North-
rup to himself. “It’s Strang against Tiyo.
Who wins?”

  Inaa slowly lifted his hand. The shout-
ing ceased below; again the leaping forms
grew still save for a little swaying. It
seemed to Northrup, however, that they
were vaguely restless, eager for the happen-
ing of something at which he could only
guess. Was it merely the marriage cere-
mony? Or were there many men down
there waiting a signal to take sides, some
with Strang, some with Inaa and Tiyo?

  “Look, People of the Hidden Spring!”
cried Inaa suddenly, his voice floating out
wildly, his two arms wide-flung. “See how
Inaa has kept you from under the heel of
the world of Bahanas! How many have
Yahoya

37

come here in the memory of grown men?
Two—no more. How many have gone
away again, to tell of what they have seen
here? None! Has not Inaa guarded you
well? Look before the light comes; see
where, across the desert, the eyes of Inaa
are watching!”

  Then Northrup, looking out the way the
old man pointed across the wide sweep of
desert to the south, saw a great pillar of
flame standing red against the pale sky. It
shot upward from the distant mountain-
peaks, and he knew that at the least those
peaks were fifty miles away!

  He looked to the eastward and saw again
a pillar of red fire lapping at the skies and
knew that it was little closer than the first.
He looked to the west and saw the third.
And suddenly, as he remembered the old
Indian woman who had kept him alive, he
thought that there was less madness than
sanity in the things she had told him.

  Was she one of the outposts of this
strange people, after all? Had her fires shot
their swift messages here that Inaa might
know if all were well? Had the blaze his
own hands had kindled before her dying
eyes spoken to Inaa, too? Were there seven
citics of Chebo, as she had told; was this
people but the first of them? Had the old
Spanish adventurers but told the truth af-
ter all of the wonderful cities of Cibola; and
had they remained all these years hidden
from the white man? He felt his blood tin-
gling through him.

  He looked to the north. Here the cliffs
stood up so that one might not look far out
as in the other directions. But here, clear-
ly outlined against the sky, was the form
of a man. And the man was shouting, his
voice coming down clearly:

  “In the north all is well, Father! The fire
burns red!”

  Again the people below shouted, crying:
  “The red fires burn! It is well!”

  And again they fell silent abruptly.

  “Inaa has guarded his children well,”
went on the priest solemnly. “For fifty
years has he not been Inguu and Inaa
(mother and father) to you? Because the
gods were pleased did they not send one of
their kind, the Goddess Yahoya, to live
with you? Did they not send the Bahana
whom you call the Man of Wisdom to cure
the sick and teach you how to make better
things from gold—beautiful things for you
to wear, cups from which to drink? And

has not Inaa kept the Bahana here so that
he might not go out to tell of what he has
seen and so bring the cursed white men
here, as they have gone everywhere else
over the world?”

  A moment he was silent. Then, his voice
lowered a little, he continued:

  “Inaa is old, his years weigh him down.
Yahoya this night, her heart opened to the
future, has said that already is the Skele-
ton House made ready for the coming of
Inaa. But he does not go and leave his
people without a thought for their welfare.
He leaves behind him one to step into his
place, the biggest man among you, the
mightiest with his hands, the swiftest run-
ner across the desert, the most tireless,
Tiyo, the head captain of your young men!”
A great shout swept up from below:
“Tiyo! Tiyo! Tiyo!”

  And then, as silence was settling, a loud
voice boomed out:

  “Tiyo for our Head Man; Yahoya for
our Goddess! Tiyo and Yahoya!” And
again many voices arose crying, “Tiyo and
Yahoya!”

  Tiyo himself, at a sharp glance from the
old man, came forward another step, swift-
ly, standing very close to Yahoya, so close
that her gown brushed him. The cheering
rose more windily from below. Strang’s
eyes and Tiyo’s met then. To Northrup it
was a sheer wonder that the two men could
hold themselves back from flying at each
other’s throats.

  While they shouted down there Inaa was
speaking swiftly with Yahoya. Northrup
could not catch the words, but words were
not needed now to tell what Inaa was say-
ing. He was commanding, urging, threat-
ening. And when Yahoya answered, it
seemed that she had given him an answer
that pleased him.

  “Listen, my children,” cried Inaa, his
voice ringing with the triumph in it. “The
White Goddess is pleased with you this
dawning. Her heart is yours. It is not her
wish to journey back up through the skies
down which she came; it is not her wish to
move on down into the uncterworld where
the abode of the gods is. She will linger
here with you, she will wed Tiyo and you
shall be their children, blessed of the gods!”
Northrup could see that Yahoya was
smiling. She leaned out over the abyss un-
til he was afraid for her, thinking that mad-
ness had come upon her and that she was
38

Adventure

going to fall. She lifted her hand and there
fell the great silence again, seeming now
more breathless than ever. And then, when
everything was still, when they waited and
wondered why she did not speak, suddenly
she broke the silence. And not with a
spoken word, but with a clear burst of
laughter leaping out over them from her
red lips.

  Inaa frowned and plucked at his beard;
Tiyo shifted his feet, looking uncertainly
from his father to Yahoya; Strang stared
at her much as Northrup was staring. And
still, until she had done, Yahoya gave free
vent to her tinkling laughter.

   “You have heard Inaa,” she cried at last,
her voice clear and steady, confident and
imperious. “Now hear Yahoya! Do I look
to you like one afraid? Do I tremble as if
with fear? Does my body shake as men’s
bodies do when they look on death? And
yet have I been threatened tonight! Alik-
sai. Listen.

  “It is the dawning and Yahoya, the God-
dess, has said that she would wed. Whom
would you have her take for husband, my
People of the Hidden Spring? Shall it be
Tiyo here? He is hungry for me; he is
shaking with the desire for me; Inaa bids
me marry him! Shall it be the Man of Wis-
dom? He is covetous of beautiful things
and he wants Yahoya! His eyes burn me
with the greed in them. Shall I take him
for husband?

  “Are you not my people, O People of the
Hidden Spring? Shall not your wish enter
the heart of the White Goddess? Cry out
in a loud voice and say whom shall Yaho-
ya wed?”

  Northrup moved closer without knowing
that he did so, thrilled with the girl’s fear-
lessness. He had heard her words to Strang,
he had seen her seem to agree with Inaa.
What was she going to do?

  She herself had given the sign for divi-
sion. In the shouting which answered her
there were many voices clamoring for Tiyo,
many for Strang. And as by magic the
throng about the fires was shaken into its
two factions, women drawing back, men
grouping here and yonder about their lead-
ers.

  “Wait!” Yahoya’s clear young voice cut
through the din like a bell through a roll of
thunder. “Wait and listen! The Man of
Wisdom has said to me: ‘Will you wed
me?’ And Yahoya, the Goddess, promised!

Inaa has said to me, ‘Will you wed Tiyo
my son?’ And Yahoya told him, ‘I have
promised and a goddess may not break her
word!’ What is the answer, my people?”

  Only a murmur crept up to her in an-
swer. Men looked at her wonderingly, wait-
ing and listening as she had commanded.
And again she laughed.

   “Yahoya will tell you,” she cried lightly,
her rising voice seeming to soar upward
upon wings of happiness. “Yahoya, the
goddess, may not lie. But what maiden
among you would not lie for her lover?
Yahoya, who is no goddess but a white
maid, will not wed with Tiyo. And she will
not wed with Strang, who is a coward. She
chooses her Own lover, and if it be death—
why then, she chooses death with him.”

   Like a flash she had fled along the cliff-
edge, sweeping by Tiyo, avoiding Inaa’s
clutching fingers. She had sped to North-
rup’s side and her arms flashed upward and
about his shoulders.

  “Save me from them, Saxnorthrup!” she
whispered. “I am only a maid—and I am
afraid!”

  As Northrup stared down at the face at
his breast, he felt the wild flutter of her
heart against him and heard her whisper-
ing:

  “Of you only am I not afraid—because I
love you, Saxnorthrup!”

XII

ONLY a little while ago Northrup
himself had said: “Love does not
come like this, in a hurry!” And
now he knew in a flash that then he had
known nothing of it: that love comes as it
wills, without man’s bidding or consent.
And, madness though it might be, it had
come to him.

  As his arms shut about her, hurting her
in that first embrace, his heart was beating
as wildly as hers. He wanted her; she be-
longed to him; and he was going to have
her!

  He wanted to get her away from here and
to make her happy; he wanted to show her
a world which would be like fairyland to
her; he wanted to teach her his language,
her own forgotten tongue; he wanted to
mother her and father her and lover her.
She was at once to him both an incompar-
able maiden and a little, frightened, hunted
wild thing.
Yahoya

39

  But while something deep within him,
until now unawakened, talked to his soul of
these things, his eyes and brain were keenly
alive to what lay about him. The thing
which he read in Strang’s eyes was little dif-
ferent from the thing he saw in the eyes of
Tiyo and Inaa. Amazement first, then in-
credulity which was still half stupefaction,
then baffled rage and open threat.

  Northrup’s thought just then was that it
was going to end with him and Yahoya go-
ing over the cliff together. And yet, in
that first wild moment, it was only elation
which beat through his heart. She lifted
her head a little, looking straight up into
his eyes. And there before them all, not to
be robbed of what life seemed to be bring-
ing them at its close, he kissed her.

  “You love me, Saxnorthrup?” the girl
whispered.

  “I love you, Yahoya,” he told her.

  It was Inaa wjio took the first step for-
ward. Yahoya, seeing him coming, slipped
quickly from Northrup’s arms. She alone
had been in a position to plan for all things
since she alone knew what Yahoya was go-
ing to do. She cried out clearly, sending
her voice downward, calling:

  “Will you hear Yahoya speak, my peo-
ple? Will you bid Inaa stand back while
Yahoya speaks?”

  There came quick answer to her, many
voices shouting:

  “Yahoya! Listen to Yahoya!”

  Down below, the two distinct factions
now stood fully separated, grouped upon
opposite sides of the fires. Clearly they
were nearly equal in numbers; clearly then
half of the men down there hungered to see
Inaa and Tiyo fail in their wishes; while the
other half clung to the old order and stood
ready to oppose Strang’s party in all
things.

  “There is our one chance,” muttered
Northrup, ready for whatever might hap-
pen; and he waited anxiously for Yahoya
to speak.

  Inaa, too, waited, and Tiyo and Strang,
each for the moment uncertain. Yahoya,
with a swift glance at them, turned again
toward the expectant tribe.

 “Among you,” she cried, “are many
young men and maidens. What man of
you will stand aside and see another take
his mana? What maiden of you will let
Inaa or another tell her which lover she
must love? You can look into Yahoya’s

heart and into Yellow Beard’s heart and
understand!

  “But listen further! Many of you, drawn
off there against the cliffs, have your hearts
filled with hatred of Inaa and Tiyo! Over
there stand you others, and your hearts are
filled with hatred of the Man of Wisdom.
Across the space between you your eyes run
like the eyes of wolves hungering.

  “The People of the Hidden Spring love
their cornfields and their homes and their
quiet lives of security. And yet, even now,
they are about to spring upon one another
to send many souls down to the Skeleton
House, to tear themselves in two. Is it
wise? Or has magic fallen upon you? Mag-
ic from the Man of Wisdom or from Inaa
himself?

  “If I wed Tiyo there will be war. If I
wed the Man of Wisdom there will be war.
What say you, my people, if Yahoya weds
neither of them, but the man of her own
choice, the great Yellow Beard? Then to-
night you will not spill your blood and your
brother’s, but instead you will drink deep,
feast full and sleep in peace! Now you can
command Inaa to wed me to Yellow Beard
and so, those of you who hate Tiyo can
laugh at him; those of you who hate the
Man of Wisdom can laugh at him!

  “Aliksail Listen. One way you shall
have Yahoya’s death and Yellow Beard’s,
for they will go down over the cliffs to-
gether; you will have Inaa’s death and
Tiyo’s and Strang’s and Muyingwa’s, and
the deaths of many young men, the strong-
est in the tribe, for they will fall! Another
way and you will have peace. And tomor-
row you can have your election if you like,
keeping Inaa where he is or putting another
in his place. What say you, my people?”

  She drew back a little, not so far as to be
lost from their sight, just so that she could
stretch out her hand and slip it into North-
rup’s. Inaa began shouting; Tiyo’s voice
joined his angrily; Strang, stepping for-
ward, called with them. And from below,
out of a little silence, came a great shout of
laughter!

  “Let us drink, brothers!” cried a loud
voice. “We were bewitched. The maid is
right. Why should we fight when it is eas-
ier to drink and eat, to dance and sleep?
Inaa had promised us a wedding; let him
marry the maid to Yellow Beard!”

  Now many shouted one thing, many an-
other. But again and again a grumble of
4o

Adventure

dissatisfaction was drowned in a shout of
laughter. In the main the faction hating
Tiyo was satisfied to see him thrust aside
for another; those hating Strang were sat-
isfied in his discomfiture.

  The Hopi are at heart peace-loving peo-
ple; a dance and a feast appeal to them far
more than an orgy of blood. Here was at
once a compromise and a huge joke on their
head men. And perhaps many lovers below
felt their rude sympathy for the lovers above.

  Tiyo’s twenty men, drawing closer now,
looked at one another a trifle uncertainly.
They began speaking in low tones and
Northrup heard one of them laugh. The
half-dozen men Strang had left in the shad-
ows had been joined secretly by several
others; they too had drawn closer and were
speaking among themselves.

  Looking to them Northrup saw a quick
figure flit out of Yahoya’s stone building
and run toward them. It was the girl, Na-
yangap. She went hastily to the side of
the young man, Muyingwa, and began
speaking to him earnestly. And Muying-
wa, nodding, came on until he stood close
to Yahoya’s side. Strang stared at him
anxiously.

  “Aliksai. Listen!” he cried loudly, until
the din below grew still. “It is I, Muying-
wa, who speak. Inaa has said that it is
Tiyo who is the strongest of us, the swift-
est runner. He lies! Even now will I run
out across the desert with Tiyo, as many
miles as he will and come back ahead of
him! The men who are my men know this
and have no love for liars! So they would
not see Yahoya wedded to one of them.
But with Yellow Beard it is different. Let
Inaa wed them and we shall throw down
our arms and feast. Then I will race with
Tiyo, and the man who is strongest and
swiftest will be your head captain. Then
you will vote for Inaa or the other as your
head priest. What say you? Is not Yaho-
ya right? What man of us loves Tiyo or the
Man of Wisdom better than his own life?”

  While those bent upon strife murmured
everywhere, those who had gone into the
division half-heartedly or not at all, out-
numbered them many to one. When, after
that, Inaa sought to make himself heard, no
one would listen; when Tiyo shouted, his
words were lost to the ears of those stand-
ing close to him; when Strang shot out a
sharp word and an evil glance at Muying-
wa, it was met with a hard stare. Muying-

wa had gone back to his mana, and the two
of them were standing like Northrup and
Yahoya, hand in hand.

  It was perhaps Muyingwa’s offer to race
with Tiyo as much as anything which set-
tled the matter. There are no runners in
the world like the runners of the southwest-
ern desert; they are men who can run an
unbelievable number of miles out across
blazing sands in the morning to dig in their
fields and run back the same evening. With
them running is at once a necessary thing,
a part of their religious training, and a way
of settling just such debates as the one that
had arisen now.

  They began sweeping up along the steep
steps now, the men of the two factions min-
gling, jostling one another, each eager to be
the first to come to the top. Northrup
pressed Yahoya’s hand mightily.

  “You are a God-blessed wonder, Yaho-
ya,” he whispered. “We are going to pull
through.”

  “You hurt my hand, Saxnorthrup!” she
smiled up at him. “But—do it again!”

SOON they were in the center of a
great ring, they with Inaa, Strang
and Tiyo. Men were laughing open-
ly everywhere. And their eyes, when they
had finished with Yahoya and Northrup,
had already measured Tiyo and were seek-
ing to measure Muyingwa that they might
lay their wagers upon the endurance run.

  A man is not head priest of such a peo-
ple as this for fifty years without learning
something. There was not a cooler, craftier
mind among them than Inaa’s. He knew
full well that in time of storm the reed that
bends is better off than the stubborn tree.
He frowned warningly at Tiyo, then, mak-
ing his face over into its habitual mask,
turned to Yahoya.

  “Yahoya has been pleased,” he said
steadily, “to test her people. She has de-
clared herself no true goddess but a mere
maid to see if in our hearts’ fear of the god-
dess were greater than love of Yahoya!
Her will is the will of her people. The dawn
has come and a wedding is promised. Let
Yahoya and the great Bahana come for-
ward.”

  Northrup, looking down quickly at Ya-
hoya saw that her dimples had come back,
that her eyes were shining softly, that a
happy flush had run up into her cheeks.
What wonderful thing was this? Had it
Yahoya

41

been just a few hours since he had come
here, dying of thirst? Or had it been years?
Was he, Sax Northrup, about to be joined
to this radiant girl in matrimony, none the
less holy to him because of the heathen rites
with which it was to be celebrated? Or
was he dreaming the whole mad thing?

  Slowly, his hand holding hers, he and
Yahoya stepped forward. And then a sud-
den dread came upon him. If it had come
to open fight it would have been one thing,
a thing Northrup knew. But now that no
knife-blade caught the early light he knew
that none the less there were knives hun-
gering for him, perhaps for Yahoya. He
felt that all about him was menace, the
more terrible because it was glossed over
with smiles—a concealed, masked danger.

  But these things he promptly forgot.
Inaa, fighting hard for the mastery of him-
self, and getting it wonderfully, gave the
people what they demanded, a wedding.
Northrup, looking down at Yahoya’s up-
turned face, saw a great, unfeigned gladness
there. Her lips moved silently with Inaa’s,
as if she knew each word of the ceremony
and were saying it within her heart.

  Northrup did not know if he were doing
a good or a bad thing in letting this go on;
he only knew that he loved Yahoya and
that she thought that she loved him. And
there was no time for thought. Already he
heard Inaa’s words, saw Yahoya forming
them silently.

  “The Spider Woman and the Great Earth
Woman, the goddess who weaves the colors
of sunrise and sunset, the goddess to whom
belongs the world, the god who makes
green things grow and the God of Rain, the
great gods and the small gods bless you,
Yahoya and Yellow Beard! You are a mana
and his woman. The woman’s house is
open to the man, to none but him. It is done! ’ ’

  And between two long lines, instantly
formed, of shouting, laughing men, Sax
Northrup and his wife, given to him by her
own will and by the head priest of the Peo-
ple of the Hidden Spring, passed into the
stone house.

XIII

“WE ARE married, Saxnorthrup!
Is it not nice to be married to
Yahoya?”

  She came into his arms like a bird to its
nest, fluttering a little, eager to be there.

  “You are my man!” she whispered. “And
I am your manaI Oh, but I am proud of
you, Saxnorthrup! There is no other man
like you in the world! Did I not see you lift
up Tiyo and cast him down so that his
bones ached? Did I not see you strike
Eddie mightily so that he reeled back
afraid? I am glad you are no god, but a
man, Saxnorthrup. Glad that I am no god-
dess, but a maid to love as other maids love
—but harder!”

  Outside, the last of the procession had
passed by, the shouting forms had gone
down the stairway; men were forgetting
them in their eagerness for a test of strength
and speed between Tiyo and Muyingwa.

  Northrup drew the girl tenderly to him,
a little sense of awe upon him now that they
were alone together, a little sense of pity
for her, a feeling that though Inaa had
given her to him, and the tribe had cheered,
all was not well. They were forgotten for
the moment. But Northrup had not
missed the look in Strang’s eyes, in Inaa’s,
in Tiyo’s, as they had passed the open door
and gone on.

  “Yahoya,” he said gently, “I love you.
Things have a way of happening which I
had not expected. I didn’t know just what
love was, and now I know. I didn’t believe
in it overmuch, I suppose; and now I know
that there is nothing else in the world this
morning that counts. If a man looks at you
I want to murder him. I am going to try
to take you away with me, Yahoya, where
you will see other men, better men to look
upon than I am. I am going to play square,
if I can. And if you find you don’t love me
after all, that you do love some other man,

then-”

  “Then, Saxnorthrup?” she asked softly.
“I think I’d kill the brute!” said Northrup
savagely.

  Whereupon Yahoya was vastly delighted.
“You do love me,” she told him sagely.
“For I feel like that! And,” eagerly, “you’ll
take me into the world of the Bahanas? So
that I shall see the wagons running uphill
without horses? And great houses that
float on the water? And many, many won-
derful things?”

  Could he do these things? Could he one
day take Yahoya to her first opera? Could
he take her to marvel at the great spectacu-
lar shows of the great cities? Could he be
the first to initiate her into a life which
would be a veritable wonderland to her?
42

Adventure

Had his destiny saved this one glorious thing
for him to do? Would ever any one in all
the world have been so equipped as was
Yahoya for enjoyment, for marveling from
day to day, from night to night?

  He could imagine her little cry of ecstasy
when they drove down Broadway the first
night, when she saw the lights, the many-
colored electric displays above. To her it
would be magic. The train upon which
they traveled, the women’s gowns, the por-
ters in their uniforms, books and pictures
and music; dainty things to eat—why, an
ice-cream would be a thing of wonder to
her. Could he, Sax Northrup, take this
maid by the hand and lead her out into the
new world?

  He remembered Strang’s look, Tiyo’s and
Inaa’s, and his brows contracted. Yahoya
looked at him wonderingly.

  “What is it, Saxnorthrup?” she asked un-
certainly. “I have displeased you?”

  He laughed at her, drew her even closer
to him, kissing the alarmed look out of her
eyes.

  “I was just thinking, my little wild girl,”
he told her gaily. “Thinking makes a man’s
face look like that. I won’t do it any more.”
So much, loverwise. Then, man-like, he
began thinking seriously again. Here was
the situation:

  He had come here, led by the lure of gold.
If he got out at all it seemed that he would
go as empty-pocketed as he had come. He
thought disparagingly of the thousand dol-
lars he had outside in a bank. He didn’t
know much about the cost of women’s gar-
ments, but he had the hazy idea that the
sort of gown he wanted Yahoya to wear
would cost the greater part of his thousand.
And then, how was he going to take her
everywhere in the world, give her every-
thing she would be| sure to want? She’d be
asking for a hundred things every minute
at first.

  So much for the money end of it. There
was still left the greater question—

  “Can we get out at all?”

  It was almost as if she had read some of
his thoughts. She had slipped away from
him, running to the door of one of the ante-
rooms. Holding aside the curtain there, she
said happily,

  “This is Yahoya’s sleeping-room. Will
you see how pretty it is, Saxnorthrup? And
the pretty things her people gave her as
gifts to the goddess?”

  He hesitated at the door a moment, un-
certain if he should profane it with his pres-
ence. It drew from him a little gasp of ad-
miration and amazement.

  There was a couch made cozy with the
skins thrown over it. A table, cunningly
made of wood so precious here, stood out
in the center of the little room, a square of
snow-white buckskin thrown over it. Upon
the table was a vase with pale-blue flowers. ,
And the vase itself was of solid gold, skil-
fully hammered.

  Upon the floor, arranged about the walls,
were countless cups and vases, tiny jugs,
belts, forehead bands, moccasin ornaments,
jeweled bracelets—all of solid gold, many
set with flawless turquoises.

  “All presents to Yahoya,” she smiled at
him. “You see, Saxnorthrup, Yahoya was
a goddess and a great lady before she gave
herself away to you! And presently, after
Tiyo and Muyingwa race, there will be more
presents. For me, the bride, and for you,
the bridegroom, Saxnorthrup.”

  She made herself comfortable upon one
end of her couch, drew up her feet under her,
gathered her knees into her arms and dim-
pled over them at Northrup.

  “No wonder Strang counts himself a mil-
lionaire,” thought Northrup. “And small
chance that he will let us get away if he
knows the way to stop us.”

  And to Yahoya he said slowly:

  “Do you know—Mrs. Sax Northrup—”
she laughed delightedly and blushed be-
comingly at the new name which she inter-
rupted him by saying over softly to herself
—“you are a disgracefully rich young
woman?”

  “Oh,” she laughed, “this is nothing! In
each of the Seven Cities Yahoya has a

house-”

  “Seven Cities!” broke in Northrup quick-
ly. “What Seven Cities, Yahoya?”

  She lifted her brows at him in surprise.
“You do not know then? This is but one
of the Seven Cities of Chebo, the smallest,
where Yahoya has come but seldom for
the Festival of Silence. The others have
many people and big houses in the cliffs,
with wide stairways up and down, and hun-
dreds of rooms. And in each is a great
house with five, six, nine rooms, all belong-
ing to Yahoya. Here I bring but two maids;
there I have many to dress my hair, to
bathe me, to do little things for me that I
do not wish to do. There I have many golden
Yahoya

43

things: a table all of gold, with many
turquoises; a little bed with golden feet;
white furs to walk on; a chair to ride in,
heavy with gold, that strong men carry.
You shall see, Saxnorthrup! And you shall
know that Yahoya does not come to her
lover with empty hands!”

  Nayangap and Tocha came in to serve
them a breakfast of milk and little corn-meal
cakes in Yahoya’s room, and until they had
gone, taking their trays away with them,
Northrup listened eagerly to what Ya-
hoya had to tell him. And, in brief, this is
what he learned:

  The Seven Cities of Chebo controlled a
district, perhaps two hundred miles across.
There were rich valleys, hidden in the
mountains, where they grew their melons
and corn and cotton. There were mines
from which they took vast quantities of gold
and silver, fashioning ornaments and table
sendee for the rich.

  A young man was overlord of the Seven
Cities, having been elected to hold office
for life. He had turned his eyes upon
Yahoya, but since he had already tw'o
wives, the priests, very powerful through-
out the district, had forbidden him wed-
ding her.

  In order that white men might not come
into a country which nature had so cun-
ningly hidden from them, there were sta-
tioned out through the desert, upon any of
the water-trails, sentinels who signaled by
fire or smoke when a man came into sight.
Generally these were the older folk, men
and women, useless to the state for other
purposes, who believed that thus they
would be pleasing their gods, and who con-
sidered it a high honor to be chosen for so
responsible a task.

  So if a white man had turned toward the
Seven Cities, he might not come within
fifty miles of the nearest of them when he
was met by runners sent out to intercept
him. A friendly greeting, a sharp knife
from the back, and one more name stricken
from the list of adventurers. Or, if men
were needed in the mines, a living death.
Besides the outposts, there were lookouts
upon the cliff-tops, alert, keen-eyed men,
who did not miss the slinking form of a
gray coyote upon the gray sands.

  Northrup thought swiftly of the sand-
storm, of his lying so long blotted out from
sight against the drifting sand; of how when
he had at last come on, it was night, and the

lookouts had perhaps come down to take
part in the Festival of Silence.

  “If you did not know of the Seven Cit-
ies,” Yahoya asked him, “how is it that
you came journeying this way, Saxnorth-
rup?”

  He began telling her of the Indian in
Santa Fe, only to be interrupted by Yahoya
saying quickly—

  “You were with Eddie then, when the
runner died?”

  “Yes. Strang has told you about that?”
“No,” she answered. “He always lied to
me, not knowing that I knew he lied. He
said that in his heart he dreamed a dream
of me, and that that brought him across the
sands, hurrying!”

  Northrup grunted. Then, moved to
curiosity he demanded—

  “If Strang didn’t tell you of it, how do
you know?”

  “Tiyo told me,” she answered, puzzling
him still more.

  “Tiyo? Who told Tiyo?”

  “He was there. It was Tiyo who shot
the poisoned arrow in at the window.”
“Tiyo went way down to Santa Fe, killed
his man, and came back here?”

  She nodded.

  “The other was Chiwakala, son of the
old man that Strang would make head
priest in the place of Inaa. Chiwakala was
a friend of Kish-taka, the Hawk Man, who
is overlord of the Seven Cities, and not with-
out power himself. Between him and Tiyo
there has always been rivalry and hatred.
Kish-taka sought to make him head captain
of the youths of the Hidden Spring. But
even Kish-taka’s power was less in this
matter than Inaa’s, and so Tiyo was
elected.

  “Chiwakala was bad in his heart, nuk-
pana. People said he was a Powaka, who
casts evil and sickness into men. It was
Tiyo’s doing that Chiwakala was con-
demned to spend all his life down in a mine
where bad men and women are put, and
those that Kish-taka or the priests do not
like. Then Chiwakala, who was a great
runner like Tiyo and Muyingwa, fled, hav-
ing in his heart to go out among the Bahana
and, because he hated Tiyo and others, to
send certain of the Bahanas into our land,
telling them of riches to be had.

  “Chiwakala went swiftly, but Tiyo went
after him, also swiftly. Chiwakala, coming
first among the Bahanas, had told his story,
44

Adventure

and men laughed at him, calling him liar.
Then, in Santa Fe, he was to tell a man who
is known among the Bahanas as a hardy
adventurer. There Tiyo came up with him,
and, shooting quickly through the open
window a little blue-winged arrow with
poison tip, killed him. Then Tiyo came
back, and even Kish-taka, who had be-
friended Chiwakala, said that he had been
nukpana, and that Tiyo had done well for
the people of the Seven Cities.”

  From Santa Fe, Northrup estimated
roughly that he had traversed some four
hundred miles in coming here. A round
trip of eight hundred miles! And yet Ya-
hoya spoke of the matter lightly, as if Tiyo
had run but a little way.

  “How long was Tiyo gone?” he asked cu-
riously.

  “From the moonrise when he departed
until the dawning when he dropped down
before me,” she answered, “twenty days had
passed!”

  “Twenty days!” gasped Northrup.

  “Oh,” she said quickly, misunderstanding
his thought, “it was because he lost time in
seeking out Chiwakala among the white
men. Tiyo would have come back sooner
but for that.”

  Eight hundred miles in twenty days!
And Yahoya was apologizing for Tiyo’s
slowness! A clip of over forty miles a day,
day in and day out, over such country as
Northrup knew stretched between these
people and Santa Fe! It was incredible—
and yet it was the sober truth. For here
are a people not like other men, a people
with a strange, seemingly tireless power and
swiftness, that is the result of desert train-
ing, inheritance, evolution, all aided by the
religious ceremonies calling for an abnor-
mally developed physique. The desert had
made creatures like the coyote, the snake,
the jackrabbit that knew how to live a very
long time without water. The desert had
made its own plant life to exist and flourish
where water was not. The desert had made
its men.

  Even now that a great issue held in bal-
ance, that issue was to be decided by such
a race as perhaps no white man had ever
seen. Tiyo and Muyingwa, down in the
canon were ready.

  “Shall we go out upon the cliff edge and
watch them?” said Northrup. “I think
that very much depends on this race—for
you and me, Yahoya!”

        XIV

TIYO and Muyingwa showed an
equal eagerness to be off. They
stood side by side, stripped, the sun
already beating hot upon their naked bod-
ies. As he looked down, Northrup mar-
veled how the desert had made her children
into what they must be to wrest nourish-
ment and draw life from her barren breasts.

  The men were alike, as he looked upon
them from the back. Their shoulders were
not wide, though they were tall men, both
of them. Their bodies were slender, almost
reed-like in smooth symmetry and pliant
toughness. There was no hint of a useless
ounce of flesh, nothing but hard muscle.

  But while bigness of body was nowhere
evident in the torsos, which were none the
less magnificent, the hips were thicker than
the hips of white men, the thighs bulged
out with endurance in every knotted sinew;
the calves were the swelling, powerful calves
of Marathon men.

  The desert Indian in his heart is a born
gambler, his love for hazard no whit less
than the Mongolian’s. Already were the
onlookers caught in a fever of excitement
as they cried out for their favorites and eag-
erly sought takers for their wagers. From
the voices coming up to him Northrup knew
that one man was seeking to bet his whole
year’s yield of corn that Tiyo would come
in the victor; that another staked many
gold cups on Muyingwa; that even the
women were wagering personal ornaments.

  “Where will they run?” he asked of Ya-
hoya.

  “Yonder,” she pointed, “to the foot of
that peak, without water on the way.
There grow red flowers that are found no-
where else. The one who brings the first
flower back wins. It is the custom.”

  Northrup judged that to the base of the
cliff it was at the least fifteen miles. A race
of thirty miles through the hot sun, and
without water!

  “Who will win?”

  She shook her head thoughtfully.

  “It lies with the gods, Saxnorthrup.
There are in the world no two runners like
them since Chiwakala is dead. No man
could beat them—except you, Saxnorth-
rup!” she ended loyally.

  “Good Lord!” grunted Northrup. “I’d
shrivel up in about ten minutes!” But he
spoke in English.
Yahoya

45

  Inaa made his way through the throng
which drew back for him. From a cup in
his hand he sprinkled water upon both men.

  “The gods watch you, my sons,” he said
loudly. “Run!”

  They broke away from the throng which
watched them silently and went down the
gentle slope from the canon mouth at a
trot, their elbows rubbing. Northrup
noted how Tiyo held his arms drawn up a
little so that the relaxed hands were close
to his stomach; how Muyingwa ran with his
arms at his sides, the hands dangling.

  And in their action he saw no other differ-
ence. There was the same free stride, the
same way of bending the body slightly for-
ward with the head held up a little, the same
easy play of muscles and rhythmic swing.

  “If I had to bet on either of them,” was
his thought, “I’d toss a coin for it.”

  And then, mindful of what the result of
the race might mean to Yahoya and to him,
he cried sharply:

  “Go to it, Muyingwa! I’m backing you!”
Like two great, gaunt greyhounds, Tiyo
and Muyingwa were already slipping out
into the desert, their bare feet seeming
scarcely to touch the loose sand. Each
had hit his stride, and Northrup saw that
now Muyingwa was setting the pace, forg-
ing a step ahead, and that Tiyo seemed
quite content to drop the step behind. He
frowned as he asked of Yahoya-—

  “Which man has won the most races in
his life?”

 And she answered—

  “Tiyo.”

  Steadily, each keeping to his stride, the
two passed out into the gray expanse, Muy-
ingwa increasing the distance lying between
him and his rival, Tiyo never seeming to
see Muyingwa. Now, more than ever be-
fore, did the desert seem like a mighty
ocean, with these men, two bold swimmers,
striking straight out into it, and the thought
must arise in the mind of a white man who
watched them: “Is their strength so mighty
a thing that it will not forsake them before
they can get back?”

  But they would be back soon enough, and
then there would be a settling of scores.

  Northrup drew his eyes away from the
two forms growing smaller in the distance,
beginning to blend into the monotone of
desert, and stared down at the throng below
him. He found Strang in a center of a
group of silent, attentive men. Beyond

him was Inaa, the priest, also with his
group around him.

  “They are like a crowd of schoolboys,”
thought Northrup. “Ready to break off
in the middle of a fight to watch a race;
ready to get into mischief again the next
minute.”

  “Yahoya,” he said gently, “do you know
what it will mean for us if Tiyo wins this
race?”

  “Yes.” She spoke quite steadily, slip-
ping her hand into his, and smiling a little.
“But we are not afraid to die, you and I,
Saxnorthrup.”

  “So it would be death then?”

  “For you,” she told him, “it would be a
laborer’s work down in the mines. For me
it would mean bride to Tiyo, or my own
knife in my heart. We would not wait,
Saxnorthrup, you and I.”

  “What would we do?” he asked curi-
ously, wondering at the girl’s calmness.

  “When we saw Tiyo running home before
Muyingwa we would leap out to meet him,
Saxnorthrup. Hand in hand, as lovers
should.”

  “You love me like that, Yahoya?”

  She pressed his hand hard in her own.
“That is the only way Yahoya knows how
to love, my husband. But I am praying to
Haruing Wuhti and Kokang Wuhti that it
may be Muyingwa who races home first.”
“In either case there is going to be trou-
ble,” he said thoughtfully. “Those men
down there are not to be cheated of their
fight. While they are watching the race,
should we try to leave by the way which I
came?”

  “Where you go I go with you,” she an-
swered. “But if they wished they could
come up with us out in the desert, and
there are no cliffs out there for us to leap
from, Saxnorthrup.”

MEN were already coming up from
the canon, seeking the heights from
which they might watch the race
until Tiyo and Muyingwa were lost to even
their piercing eyes. In a little the level
space would be crowded.

  “Let us go back into the house, Yahoya,”
suggested Northrup. “There we can be
alone for a little. And there we can have
certain men come presently whom we shall
want to talk with.”

  Before they could gain the wide doorway
Northrup saw many hard, frowning eyes
46

Adventure

turned upon him, and knew that a little
while ago these same eyes had looked on
laughingly at his wedding with Yahoya.
The Indians had enjoyed the moment, had
found perhaps a pleasure in piquing at
once Strang and Tiyo and Inaa, had yielded
to the impulse of the moment and Yahoya’s
influence over them. But now stood out
their eternal hatred of a white man.

  Quickly the level space about the pool
and the spires of rock uplifted into the air
were covered with men seeking to find the
two little moving dots in the wide sweep of
sand. Early among them came the girl,
Nayangap. With no glance at Northrup
now, stooping swiftly, she caught up the
hem of Yahoya’s gown and lifted it to her
lips.

  “Yahoya,” she said softly, her voice
troubled, as were her eyes, “goddess or maid,
it is all the same to the heart of Nayangap.
In her heart Nayangap loves you and wor-
ships.”

  “You are a good girl,” said Yahoya, with
a little touch of her old air of a young queen.
“Look. I give you this.”

  She caught up one of the many jeweled
cups from the floor. Nayangap shook her
head, saying quickly:

  “Nayangap does not come for presents.
She brings you word from Muyingwa.”
Northrup looked at the girl eagerly. For
the first time now, Nayangap looked at
him. And it was to him rather than to
Yahoya that she spoke.

  “Muyingwa will win the race, because he
is the better man, and because the gods love
him best! Then his followers—and they are
many—will name him head captain of the
young men, in Tiyo’s place. Then, too,
the good men who are fair in their hearts
will name him head captain because they
have said the man who wins will be their
chief. But there are others and they are
many, too, who are nukpana. They will
break their promises as if they were the
shells of humming-birds’ eggs. Then, be-
cause Muyingwa is no coward, there may be
a great spilling of blood.”

  “Go on,” said Northrup impatiently,
seeing that the girl was stopping.

  Her eyes had been very hard. Now, sud-
denly, they grew soft, and into her dusky
cheeks a tide of red surged up.

  “Muyingwa loves power and gold!” she
cried passionately. “Muyingwa loves to
strive with other men. But most of all

Muyingwa loves a mana, and that mana is
Nayangap! His heart sings like a thrush
and makes music in Nayangap’s heart when
he comes to her.

  “Nayangap loves gold, too, and she loves
power for Muyingwa, and pretty gowns for
herself. But most of all she loves Muying-
wa’s self. And after Muyingwa she loves
Yahoya! This Muyingwa knows. His
heart is big; he would give to his mana all
things. So he has called me aside before the
race and told me what I must do for Yaho-
ya’s sake.”

  “If Yahoya were in truth goddess,” cried
Yahoya, her eyes bright, “she would make
Muyingwa this day overlord of all the
Seven Cities! Since she is but a maid like
you, Nayangap, she prays to the gods for
him.”

  “This is the word of Muyingwa,” went on
Nayangap swiftly. “There will be a great
struggle and many men will go down to
Maski. But Muyingwa will win because he
will have the stronger party, and because
the gods are with him. He has no love for
the Man of Wisdom, who has tricked him,
saying that Yahoya would be left free to do
what she wished.

  “Muyingwa says that if the fight comes
Yahoya is to stay in her kiva, where harm
can not come to her; and that her lover,
Yellow Beard, shall come out to stand at
Muyingwa’s right hand and fight the fight
with him.”

  “Askwali. I thank you,” said Yahoya
gently. “You will bring us water and food,
Nayangap. Yellow Beard shall rest here
and sleep, so that when the time comes
he shall fight a man’s fight. That is
best.”

  Nayangap withdrew upon her errand,
going swiftly. Yahoya came to Northrup,
then, putting up her arms, looking up into
his face:

  “My man,” she said softly. “Kiss me!’
And when he had kissed her: “I love you.
I am proud of you. You are such a man
as never before came into the world. If you
fall to-day I shall run out and throw myself
upon your body and die with you. If you
live I shall live always with you in paradise.
Kiss me again. And now sleep, Saxnorth-
rup.”

  The wonder is that Northrup did sleep.
He awoke from a dream of sitting in a box
at the theater with Yahoya, watching her
while she watched the actors. Yahoya was
Yahoya

47

bending over him, her hand laid lightly
upon his shoulder.

  “The lookout has called out that he can
see them returning, Muyingwa and Tiyo,”
she said gravely. “Shall we go out and
watch them, you and I?”

       XV

PASSING with Yahoya through
the curtained doorway into the
larger room, Northrup saw that at
the wider entrance there were two young
men standing, their backs turned toward him.

  “Two of Muyingwa’s men,” said Yahoya.
“He sent them to stand guard here.”
Northrup stopped to offer his hand to
each.

  “If there is a fight,” he said, “we fight
together? That is good.”

  Their eyes upon his were hard and ex-
pressionless.

 “We are Muyingwa’s men,” said one
bluntly. “We obey our orders.”

 Again there were many men upon the
ledge, all looking out toward the desert
where their eyes had found the forms of the
racers. Before Northrup and Yahoya had
come to where they too could see, Strang
had moved out of a knot of men and had
come swiftly to meet them. A good deal of
the bluster of a few hours ago had oozed
out of him; he was looking anxious.

  “Look here, Northrup,” he said hurriedly,
“it strikes me that there’s going to be an
almighty row in no time. You and I have
had our troubles and there’s no denying it.
But at a time like this I guess we’ve got to
remember we’re white men stacked up
against a bunch of damned Indians. You
chip in on my side, and I’ll see you through
if we come out of this alive.”

  Strang was armed like the Indians; now
Northrup was certain that the man had
either lost his gun out in the desert or had
had it taken away from him here.

  “I’ll chip in on your side,” returned
Northrup coldly, “not because I am fool
enough to believe a man like you, Strang,
but just because I see my one chance with
your crowd.”

  He saw in Strang’s eyes a quick light of
eagerness. Then the light died down, the
eyes grew anxious again. Plainly Strang
was afraid. He sought to speak further,
but Northrup and Yahoya passed on.
Everywhere were black looks turned

upon them, many men sneering openly at
Yahoya, who was no longer goddess, but
mere maid; many of them speaking of him
in ugly voices, which they did not seek to
keep from his ears. Northrup looked at
Yahoya swiftly; it was if she had neither
seen nor heard.

  But again men forgot them for the mo-
ment. Tiyo and Muyingwa from being
mere slow, drifting dots grew into two men,
striving mightily. From afar it was clear
that they had fought their way, mile after
mile, with skill and cunning and muscle.
They were now two staggering, dust-cov-
ered forms, and no mau yet could tell which
was Muyingwa, which Tiyo.

  On they came, plunging across the loose
sand which caught at the feet that no longer
might spurn it lightly, their lean bodies
crouching, their arms dangling, their knees
rising and falling only because stubborn
wills drove them. On they staggered, nei-
ther man looking up, their hearts near
bursting, their dry, dusty tongues lolling,
their bodies rocking as in agony. On
through a reeling world, with only a scant
two or three yards between them.

  And only silence greeting them, as men
strove to see which of those dark, tortured
forms grasping a wilted flower in a dangling
hand, was Tiyo, which Muyingwa.

  Then, at last, they had come so close to
the base of the cliffs that they were recog-
nizable human beings, no longer merely ex-
hausted machines. A great crowd rumbled
out to greet them then, many voices shout-
ing together—

  “Tiyo!”

  For it was Tiyo in the lead. Even North-
rup saw that now, and realized swiftly that
Tiyo’s winning would strengthen Tiyo’s
hand, so that there would be little hope for
Muyingwa and those whom he stood ready
to befriend.

  At the shout the two men jerked up their
heads. Their faces were twisted and hag-
gard; their mouths dropped open; their
eyes were wild, telling mutely of the
anguish-racked bodies upon which so terri-
ble a tax had been levied.

  Then the heads dropped, the gaunt forms
staggered on, feet sinking deep into the
sand, being caught there, dragged out with
effort more and more obvious. And still, no
great distance between them and the end
of the long run, Tiyo held his place in the
lead.

ri
48

Adventure

  Now many voices called out, “Muying-
wa! Muyingwa!” but they called half-
heartedly. Through the bedlam rose the
shrill cry of a woman, a wail of grief; Nayan-
gap, hurrying down the stairway to meet
her defeated lover, carried to him a face
scarcely less tortured than his own. Ya-
hoya slipped her hand into Northrup’s.

  “Look,” she whispered. “If to-day you
fall, my husband, Yahoya will fall with
you!”

  The sun flashed a moment upon the keen
blade she had slipped from her gown.
Then, as quickly as it had come, the knife
was gone, and she was pressing his hand
hard.

  On came Tiyo, staggering more drunk-
enly than ever, fighting for every step. On
came Muyingwa just behind him, head
down and dogged. Cheer after cheer broke
out to greet the victor; cheer after cheer
drummed into the ears of the man who had
challenged and who was losing.

  Inaa, his eyes seeming on fire, was draw-
ing with a sacred baho a small circle at the
head of the slope. Already were Tiyo’s
feet upon the harder ground, already was he
plunging, reeling up the first of the hundred
yards of incline. He swung up one arm
with a visible effort, showing the fingers
gripping the stem of the red flower. Inaa’s
voice, until now stilled, called out trium-
phantly:

  “On, Tiyo, my son! The victor’s circle,
wherein is room for one man only, awaits
you! On, Tiyo!”

  Then Tiyo turned a little for the first
time and saw Muyingwa’s bowed, reeling
form behind him. Tiyo’s staring eyes and
panting mouth grew into a twisted smile.
Then Tiyo did not turn again.

  As they ran the two men stumbled now,
their numb feet striking against the stones
in their path, each seeming ever upon the
verge of falling. If Tiyo should indeed fall
—if Muyingwa fell—then before either man
could get upon his feet the race would be
lost.

  It seemed to Northrup that Muyingwa
was driving some last ounce of reserve
strength into his lagging limbs. It seemed
while a man could not be certain, that he
had shaved off a fraction of the half-dozen
feet stretching between him and Tiyo. But
if he had cut off an inch, what of it? There
were but seventy-five yards now, and Tiyo
was a man’s height in advance.

  Northrup caught a glimpse of a face
thrust close up to his own, Strang’s face.
The blood had drawn out of it, leaving a
strange pallor over the sunburned skin.

  “The - quitter!” groaned Strang.

“He said he could beat Tiyo!”

  “You talk about a quitter!” snapped
Northrup. “Shut up!”

  It seemed now that nothing less than
miracle could save the day for Muyingwa,
unless Tiyo should fall. And why should
one fall rather than the other?

  There was a flutter of white close by
Inaa’s side. Nayangap stood there, her
arms thrown out toward the men racing so
slowly up the broken slope.

  “Muyingwa!” she called. “Muyingwa!”
He did not lift his head as he struggled
on; he gave no sign that he had heard. And
yet, in the silence which had fallen, a silence
of breathless, intense eagerness, he could
not but have heard.

  “Tiyo!” thundered Inaa. “Tiyo! Ti-yo!”
“Muyingwa!” cried Nayangap. “Mu-
yingwa!”

  The eyes of those who watched, drawn
for an instant to the forms of the old man
and the young mana, came back quickly to
the runners. Was it in the seeming only,
or had Muyingwa crept a little closer?
With hard ground underfoot, with Nayan-
gap’s voice ringing in his ears, had he added
a little swiftness to his slow plodding? Had
he, in fact, held a little reserve force for the
final dash? Was Tiyo, already so close to
the victor’s circle, and with his rival in his
rear, already the victor?

  It was ending as a distance run so rarely
ends, with the end in doubt until the very
close of endeavor. Muyingwa was gaining.
Tiyo was driving his muscles harder and
harder at every lagging step to make them
bend to his will. But they were only
twenty-five yards from the goal, and Tiyo
still led the way.

  “Tiyo!” shouted Inaa.

  “Muyingwa!” cried the girl, her voice
throbbing in its appeal.

  Then all were still, their bodies tense,
their breathing hushed, their hearts beating
thickly. Northrup’s hand, gripping Yaho-
ya’s, grew into a vise, which at another
time would have hurt her cruelly. Yahoya
did not feel it.

  There was no sound now save the rattle
of stones set rolling, the thud, thud, thud of
bare bleeding feet dropping heavily, the
Yahoya

49

gasping breathing of Tiyo and Muyingwa.
One might fancy that he heard the hammer-
ing of their hearts, despair in one not un-
tinged with wild hope, victory in the other
touched with dread. For Tiyo could hear
Muyingwa’s whistling breath close upon
his right, a step behind.

  So they came to the worst of the broken
ground not a dozen yards from the circle
Inaa had drawn. Here an exhausted man
might fall if he were not wary. In each of
the bursting hearts was the same thought:
if a man fall now he sees his rival win.

  Tiyo, having everything to lose, feeling
himself already crowned with green leaves
and yellow flowers, swerved a step to the
left. Muyingwa, feeling the game all but
lost already, kept straight ahead. His
thudding feet struck among the jagged
stones, which cut at them and tore them
with cruel knife-edges. Muyingwa felt
nothing, but flung himself forward, stagger-
ing, falling, catching himself, staggering on.

  Tiyo saw him from the corner of his eye,
abreast now, and, gathering his last strength,
reeled on, gaining a little. Muyingwa saw a
white, fluttering gown just there in front
of him, saw Tiyo at his side, and made the
supreme call upon his quivering muscles.
He struck a stone in his way, pitching over
it, close to falling for the hundredth time.

 “Muyingwa!” Hardly more than a
maid’s whisper, but many men heard it.
“My man!”

  Tiyo had run his race, and was tottering
almost at the rim of the circle his dizzy eyes
could not see. Muyingwa was like a spent
ball, plowing on with its own momentum.
Tiyo’s foot struck a little mound of loose
dirt and he fell. As he went down he threw
out his hand, and Muyingwa, striking it,
fell with him. Both men down, and the
goal just there, where it seemed either man
might reach it!

  Then men shouted as they had not shout-
ed until now, so that Inaa’s voice and Na-
yangap’s were lost in the thunderous roar.
The canon echoes went mad with the word,
“Tiyo, Tiyo, Tiyo!”

  The canon walls themselves seemed to
have awakened, moved at last from their
cold slumber, and to be shouting, “Mu-
yingwa!” Northrup heard men yelling about
him, and did not know that his own voice
was lending its volume to theirs.

  Would the men never get to their feet?
Did they not know what hung upon them?

Were they loitering now at the very end?

 But they were up now. They were
going on, both of them. It seemed as if
they were seeking to drive men mad, lifting
their feet so slowly, holding them so long
suspended in air, taking such puny, baby
steps ahead. Even their faces were drawn
into grotesque grins, as if they were mocking
those who clamored for them, jeering at the
world. Who was ahead now? Their elbows
struck.

  But now men saw that at each slow step
it was Tiyo who held longest balanced upon
his spreading toes; it was Tiyo’s leg which
held longest suspended in air.

  Muyingwa threw high up above his head
the hand gripping the broken flower. Sway-
ing terribly, Muyingwa set his foot over the
circle.

  Muyingwa stood first in the narrow circle
wherein there is room for only one man.
Then, staring stupidly at Nayangap he
half turned, seeing through a blur another
man coming on falteringly. Then Mu-
yingwa, not hearing the roar of voices,
dropped his arm, stooped a little, a little
more, sought to lift his hand and could not,
rocked blindly back and forth, and then,
strength and consciousness going out of
him, fell heavily. And as he fell, Tiyo’s
body pitched forward and fell across him.

XVI

“QUICK!” cried Northrup sharply.
“Into your house, Yahoya. We
must be ready now for what comes!”

  Drawing her after him he hurried through
the clamoring throng. He realized that now
for a moment, men would not be thinking of
him and Yahoya. Now was the time for
him to get her where she would be safest.
He would not have been afraid for Yahoya
had it not been for the look he had seen in
Inaa’s eyes so few hours ago. The old man’s
temper would have hardly been sweetened by
Tiyo’s defeat, nor his anger at Yahoya
lessened.

  The two men Muyingwa had deputed to
stand guard at the kiva’s entrance had quite
naturally forsaken their posts, but were
back now as Yahoya and Northrup went in.

  That day Northrup and Yahoya sat long
alone together in her little room, waiting.
Nor did time drag for them, there was so
much in each heart which must be told to
the other.
50

Adventure

  As the man looked into the clear gray
eyes, fearless, and filled with the love she
had given him so generously, he sought to
close his thoughts to what might lie in the
future for them both. One of the rare mo-
ments of a man’s life had come to him when
past and future are hazy and unimportant,
when he lives richly and to the full in the
glowing present. He no longer marveled
at the love which had come to them. It
seemed as natural a thing as the sunshine
outside.

  A third man joined the two at the door,
spoke with them in quick, sharp tones, and
went away. The two remained, keeping their
silent watch, calm, seeming untouched by
thought of a near crisis. Tocha came and
brought food, saying that Nayangap was
with Muyingwa, and that both her lover
and Tiyo were like men whose souls had
gone down to Maski.

  All forms had disappeared from the ledge
where the pool was. Yahoya’s parrot
swayed upon his branch, admired his gay
plumage in the water’s clear mirror, and
flew to the kiva seeking his mistress. From
the canon where the men of the tribe were
assembled came a voice only now and then
at long intervals. Then, at last, came Na-
yangap, her eyes bright, her face suffused
with happiness, a strange elation in her man-
ner.

  “Listen!” she cried to Yahoya, running
to her mistress. “In a moment you will
hear the shouting. Down there they pro-
claim Muyingwa head captain in Tiyo’s
place!”

  “And Tiyo?” demanded Northrup ea-
gerly. “What does he say about it?”

  “Is not Muyingwa the greater man, the
better?” the girl flashed at him. “Did not
Muyingwa beat Tiyo so that all men might
laugh?”

  Northrup had not noted that Tiyo’s de-
feat was so marked as that, but he said
nothing. Yahoya smiled a little at her
maid’s loyal enthusiasm.

  “Men who are wise and men who are
good,” ran on Nayangap, “will draw to
Muyingwa’s side, calling him their chief.
Men whose hearts are black and who listen
to the words of Inaa will stand with Tiyo.
Then will Muyingwa lead his men out and
strike down the men of Tiyo!”

  Before she had finished Strang came hur-
riedly into the kiva, brushing by her rudely.

  “Both of them are on their feet again,”

he said quickly. “They have eaten and
drunk, and though they have been already
through hell today, both of them are as fit
right now as an ordinary man! What are
the devils made of? And trouble is coming,
coming quick!”

  “Why then are you not with your men?”
cried Yahoya swiftly. “It is you who have
stirred them up to this madness, you with
your whisperings! And now you come here
—you coward!”

  “Coward, am I?” he snarled at her.
“What about the man you keep here with
you?”

  He broke off sharply. From the canon
came the mighty shout, “Muyingwa!” And,
as had already so many times happened,
an answering shout arose, “Tiyo!”

  It had come. Until strength had crept
back into the two exhausted bodies of their
principals, the tribe had waited. Now,
moved everywhere by Muyingwa’s ringing
words and Inaa’s, fierce fire had flashed out
of smoldering restlessness. There came
other cries, sharper cries, the shriek of a
man with a knife driven into his body.

  Northrup, gathering Yahoya passion-
ately into his arms, held her there a long
moment. Then he pushed by Strang, and
ran out to the edge of the cliffs.

BELOW, the men of the tribe had
drawn into two compact masses,
fronting each other ominously, their
short stabbing spears lifted. Between them
lay a man, writhing, slowly growing still.
Northrup’s first thought was that it might
be Muyingwa or Tiyo. But another glance
showed both of them in front of their fac-
tions.

  Suddenly, Muyingwa shouted out some-
thing, and his men, following him, ran
toward the long stairway. Tiyo saw, un-
derstood, and shouting bore down upon
them. Northrup, seeing that both factions
strove now for the higher ground, ran to
the head of the stairway, his automatic
gripped, ready for use.

  The fighting began at the foot of the
stairway. Already the two sides had mixed,
for, although Muyingwa’s men came first
to the stair, its narrow steepness held them
back a little. Northrup saw Muyingwa’s
form surrounded by his men, saw Tiyo and
Inaa, and the great spare form of the man
Strang had selected for head priest to re-
place Inaa. He saw the whole body of men
Yahoya

51

bristling with short spears and great knives,
the sun glittering upon them brightly,
seething back and forth, struggling for the
stair.

  One by one Muyingwa’s men in the fore
were passing up; in the rear they were
striking now, dealing death, and often
enough being dragged down to the death.

  And in the strange silence which fell over
them, all the struggle down there looked
some weird play, scarcely real. It was hard
for him to convince himself that this was
not a mock battle, that the distorted faces,
the writhing of fallen bodies, was not all
sham and skilful acting. About them the
mountains were so serene, above, the skies
so deep a blue, the whole atmosphere so
charged with quiet peacefulness. High in
air a vulture hung on motionless wings,
watching with sharp eyes.

  But when men fell stricken by those great
knives and two-edged spears, they did not
move from where they had fallen; or at best
but dragged their wounded bodies a little
way to fall and lie still. Tiyo’s men pressed
forward; Muyingwa’s men held back, and
many were swiftly mounting the stairs.

  At that Northrup wondered. For cer-
tainly Muyingwa’s force was larger than
the one that attacked him, and as certainly
Muyingwa was no coward. But now he
drew his men back, ever back, until they
had gained the stairway, while Tiyo’s sinis-
ter crowd charged stubbornly.

  Now men were contending everywhere,
upon the floor of the canon, along the cliff
sides, even at the top of the stairway, close
to where Northrup stood. He saw them go
down under vicious thrusts, saw two of
them, their arms locked about each other,
their skins red with many wounds, reel out-
ward and drop fifty feet. And as yet the
gun in his hand was cold, for there was no
way for him to determine which man was
Muyingwa’s man, which Tiyo’s. And to
chance a shot at Tiyo or at Inaa in that
packed mass would be to waste lead, or per-
haps to kill a friend of Muyingwa.

  Now he saw something which he could
not understand. He figured roughly that
the tribe numbered between two and three
hundred men. Muyingwa and the men
with him now pressing up the steep way
which led to the ledge were not over twenty-
five in number; the party at Tiyo’s heels
could have numbered only about that.
And down in the canon the rest of the men,

a great mass of them, had drawn aside, and
were merely watching.

  At last Muyingwa had come to the top.
He stood there, shouting out his short com-
mands, then stepped back, his men follow-
ing him, leaving the way open for such men
as might wish to come up after them. This
again seemed madness to Northrup, who,
grumbling, gave way with the others. It
was Muyingwa’s voice in his ear that ex-
plained.

  “Let them come, Yellow Beard! We
shall fight them here in the open, man to

man!”

  “But the others, down there?” demanded
Northrup.

  “It is my fight and Tiyo’s. Each of us
has chosen twenty-five of his young men.
The rest watch. And I have chosen the
Man of Wisdom and you to be of my num-
ber.”

  “Then,” cried Northrup hotly, “why do
you wait for them to come up with you?
You have the advantage now; strike as
they climb up!”

  An odd smile touched Muyingwa’s stern
lips.

  “It is in my heart to fight fair, Yellow
Beard. It is not Muyingwa’s wish to be
named the ‘Fox.’ Men already speak of
him as the Eagle Chief! Let them come!”

 “Then,” demanded Northrup, “why
didn’t you fight your fight down there?
You had the chance.”

  Muyingwa shook his head.

  “I will tell you, Yellow Beard, but time
has passed for long words. I am the better
man, and Tiyo knew that when he raced
with me. But for trickery on his part I
should have come into the circle an hour be-
fore him. Look!”

  He threw up his arm, and for the first
time Northrup saw a long gash in the man’s
side.

  “When we were far out, where men could
not see us,” he said, his face black with his
anger, “Tiyo, who was behind, ran like a
madman that he might come up with me.
I saved my strength, thinking he had lost
his senses. Then, when he was upon me, I
saw that he had carried a knife with him,
concealing it cunningly under his arm. He
would have killed me then had I not been
the greater man! Even so—you saw it—
I won over him.”

  All of Muyingwa’s men were upon the
ledge now. At their head man’s command
52

Adventure

they had drawn back and were watching
those with Tiyo come up.

  “I have sworn an oath to the great gods,”
Muyingwa ended briefly. “I have prom-
ised them that if they let me triumph over
Tiyo in the race, I should kill Tiyo with my
own hands in a way that all men might see.”

  Up the stairway, after the last of Tiyo’s
men, came surging many others who were
eager to stand back and see. Northrup,
glancing about, saw that many others were
climbing swiftly to the cliffs upon the oppo-
site side of the canon. After that he had
little enough time or opportunity to see any-
thing but the steely menace before him.

  Tiyo’s men, mistaken in the reason for
Muyingwa’s retreat, thinking that they had
to do with men whose hearts were already
failing them, bore on at a run, lifting their
voices in a hideous charging shout. Each
man carried his stabbing spear drawn a
little back at his hip, so that when the mo-
ment came a quick thrust outward would
drive the keen edges through a man’s body.
It came to Northrup, even at the moment
before the running line struck, that Tiyo’s
was the better generalship, that Muying-
wa’s men, waiting, must go down before
the force of the wild attack.

  The spit of Northrup’s gun was lost in the
storm of shouting. But a man had thrown
wide his arms and had gone down in a heap.
They were twenty feet away, every running
leap cutting the distance down so that
Northrup must fire as fast as he could to
empty the first clip. And he realized, and
his lips tightened grimly, that he would
have no chance for a second. And still
Muyingwa’s men were standing erect, wait-
ing.

  But they were men trained under Mu-
yingwa’s own eye, cool to the last, mindful of
orders. Suddenly came Muyingwa’s shout,
and suddenly the spears in his men’s hands
were lifted. Lifted, balanced high over-
head, and, when the eyes of the men charg-
ing them glared redly not three-spear
lengths away, the short spears were hurled
outward.

  Then many of Tiyo’s men went down on
both sides of Tiyo himself, who came on,
untouched.

  The two lines met, Tiyo’s men that were
left wielding their spears mightily, Muying-
wa’s men driving home their broad-bladed
knives with little coughing grunts. North-
rup did not know that his gun was empty,

that he had cast it down, that somewhere his
hands had closed about a fallen spear. He
only knew that about him surged a mad
carnage, that men were shouting, cursing,
shrieking; that a man drove at him with up-
lifted spear, only to graze his shoulder and
to stop dead in his tracks with Northrup’s
spear driven fairly through his body.

  Tiyo and Muyingwa had met at last.
Northrup saw that dimly, as if through a
fog, saw and forgot as again he was breast
to breast with a great-bodied man, who was
red with blood, and who held high above
his head a dripping knife.

  The knife swept downward, and Northrup
felt it like a burning iron in his neck and
shoulder. A wild rage came upon him, a
burning hatred, and from then on nothing
was clear to him, no emotion rode him, but
the one unleased primitive desire to kill,
kill, kill! He struck out savagely, and the
man who had cut at him went down and
did not move.

  Tiyo and Muyingwa were still struggling;
yonder two of Tiyo’s men drove their spears
through one man so that the steel heads
struck together; yonder Strang, his face
ashen, hurled his spear at a man who rushed
down upon him and, missing, shrieked
wildly; close to the edge of the precipice
three men drove two back, fighting for every
step of the way.

  Then bigness of body and strength of
limb stood Sax Northrup in such stead as
never until now. Where the fray was thick-
est there was his great form, his clothes
splotched red, his eyes spitting blue fire, his
hair and beard wet with blood. When he
struck, a man must give back; when he
thrust, a man must go down; when a thirst-
ing blade drank of his own blood, his roar
was like the cry of a wounded lion.

  Now it seemed that the struggle had
swept like great whirlpools about two cen-
ters. Tiyo and Muyingwa had been swept
apart, both wounded, both standing grimly
up to their bloody work. A surging knot of
men contended near the edge of the cliffs.
Close to Yahoya’s kiva, Muyingwa was in
the center of a ring of glittering blades seek-
ing him.

  Through this ring of men came Northrup,
like a mad bull breaking through a flimsy
fence. Two men went down before him,
and but one rose again.

  He stumbled over a prone man, and did
not know that it was Strang’s body his foot
Yahoya

53

had struck. Muyingwa was here, one man
against a half dozen, and it was unfair fight-
ing. That was the one thing perfectly plain
to him.

  But now no longer was Muyingwa one
against six. Back to back stood Northrup
and Muyingwa, the two biggest men upon
the ledge. Muyingwa, striking swiftly, sent
a shouting laugh out by way of greeting.

  “Well done, Yellow Beard!” he shouted,
and shouting, thrust. “Well done, broth-
er!”

  A man went reeling back from his thrust,
another stepped into his place. Northrup
struck out, and a man went down. But
before he could jerk back his spear another
menacing figure had leaped upon him.

  Northrup saw and swung his body to the
right, seeking to avoid the glittering death
leaping out at him. Again he felt a pain like
the searing of white-hot iron, this time in
his shoulder, and he went down upon one
knee, his teeth set hard, the thought upon
him that soon or late a man must die, and it
was well to die like a man. He had lived to
the uttermost, his lips had touched the lips
of Yahoya; he would not cry out at taking
the bitter with the sweet.

  But Muyingwa, hard pressed as he was,
had seen, and the knife he was wielding now
drove between Northrup and instant death,
buried to the hilt in the body of the man
over him. Northrup jerked himself to his
feet, his groping hand sweeping up his fallen
spear, blacker rage than ever before in his
heart that he had seemed a lesser man than
Muyingwa. And before his berserk rush
men fell back, muttering.

  There was a great shout from the men at
the cliff’s edge. Northrup, pursuing a man
who fled nimbly before him, saw a dozen
forms racing to meet him and braced himself
against them. But he saw that they di-
vided and swept about him, that they must
be Muyingwa’s men come at last to the aid
of their chief.

  And then Northrup felt suddenly weary,
and crouched down close to the precipice.
It seemed that it was all over. Men stood
about and did nothing. Northrup was
alive, so he supposed that his side had won
in the bloody game of brutes. It had all
begun so suddenly, seeming merely a hid-
eous dream. It was ending so absurdly
suddenly, still like some frenzied night-
mare, with the broken men lying about
him.

  His eyes passed by the little knot of idle
men, and he saw that it had not yet ended.
Muyingwa still lived, Tiyo lived, and they
alone fought on. Northrup watched them
curiously.

  They moved back and forth, spear oppos-
ing spear, the bright points leaping forward,
jerking back, thrusting skilfully, guarding
jealously where death might pay forfeit for
the wink of an eyelid. But it seemed to
Northrup that always they drew a litde
near to him, that it was Muyingwa who was
forcing the fight, that steadily, but oh, so
slowly, he was driving Tiyo back.

  Northrup ran his hand across his dimming
eyes and the hand came away wet. There
was a cut across his forehead which puzzled
him; he had felt no wound there.

  Some one came running to him. He saw
that it was Yahoya. He marveled at the
look in her eyes. She dropped down beside
him, her arms about him.

  “Watch them, Yahoya,” he said thickly.
“It is Muyingwa against Tiyo now.”

  Yes, they were drawing closer. Now
there could be no doubt of that. Both men
were wounded, one could not guess how
badly. But both fought savagely, desper-
ately, knowing that only in death for one if
not for both, could the blood feud end.

  “It’s Muyingwa’s fight!” said Northrup
slowly. “Can’t you see it, Yahoya?”
Yahoya saw nothing in all the world but
her lover, crouching at her feet, her lover
wounded in a dozen places. She sought to
answer, but he^ voice broke.

  “Look at their eyes,” Northrup insisted.
“You can guess the end in a man’s eyes at
a time like this, Yahoya. Tiyo is just des-
perate, seeking to postpone the end. Mu-
yingwa is filled with elation. He has made a
promise to his gods! Can’t you see the
difference?”

  Yahoya sobbed and knelt, drawing her
arms tighter about him. On they came,
Tiyo lunging heavily, but always on the
guard; Muyingwa, lighter of foot, his eyes
bright with hard laughter and steely with
hatred. On, until they were so close that
Yahoya and Northrup must move a little
to the side; on until Tiyo dared take no fur-
ther step backward for fear of a plunge to
death on the rocks below.

  Then Muyingwa, calling out loudly,
struck such a blow as he had not yet struck
The haft of his spear broke against
Tiyo’s right wrist, and his shattered weapon
54

Adventure

and Tiyo’s fallen one struck the ground
together.

  While men looked on, their mouths agape,
Muyingwa sprang forward, only his hands
lifted against the knife which Tiyo had
whipped from his belt with his left hand.
As Tiyo’s hand went up, Muyingwa’s rose
with it. As Tiyo’s sought to drive down-
ward, Muyingwa’s fingers shut hard about
his wrist.

  Now they struggled man to man, body
to body, their muscles cracking, the sweat
running from them like water, red sweat
across deep cuts. Slowly Tiyo’s hand came
down, the pointed blade finding its sheath
only in the empty air. Down and down,
though Tiyo strove wildly to wrest it away
from the fingers which shut like iron talons
about his wrist. And slowly Muyingwa
forced Tiyo back toward the cliff’s edge.

  “I have sworn, Tiyo,” panted Muyingwa,
“with my two hands, to cast you straight
down into Maski! See how I keep my
promise!”

  Men gasped out at what they saw. The
skin upon Muyingwa’s bowed back seemed
splitting asunder with the bunching of the
muscles under it; the veins in his arms and
forehead threatened to burst. But the
fierce flames in his eyes were undimmed by
thought of failing power.

  For an instant the two struggling forms
grew still, only the slow swelling of a muscle,
the hard breathing, telling that they lived
and strove. But it seemed that strength
was flowing out of Tiyo, fresh strength
flowing into Muyingwa.

  Slowly one man bent under the other’s
iron hands. Slowly Tiyo’s body twisted
as Muyingwa’s fingers commanded; slowly
Muyingwa forced him down to his knees.

  Then—there was no slowness now, Mu-
yingwa’s movement being like a flash of light
—Tiyo was swept upward in the other’s
grasp as he had before been swung aloft in
Northrup’s. Their shadows fell across
Northrup. Looking up he saw Tiyo’s
wildly beating arms above him.

  An instant he thought they were both go-
ing together. Then he saw that with a last
mighty effort Muyingwa had broken Tiyo’s
clutch upon him, and, as a great roar rose
up from the hundreds who watched, Tiyo
was flung far out.

  Then Northrup gave up to the sickness
upon him and was quite content to sink
back into Yahoya’s arms.

        XVII

“IT WAS a good fight, my brother!”
Northrup, lying upon the couch
in Yahoya’s little room, Yahoya’s
hand held in his, looked up to see the tall,
gaunt form of Muyingwa in the doorway..

“Now,” went on Muyingwa slowly, “am
I a great man among my people! Now am

I	head captain of the People of the Hidden
Spring. There is no man among all in the
Seven Cities who will not have Muyingwa’s
name upon his lips. Time may come—
wTho can look into the darkness of unborn
tomorrow?—when Muyingwa may step up
to be Overlord of all the cities of Chebo!
And, my brother, there was a time when we
fought yonder, when Muyingwa was close
to his death, and Yellow Beard came to
fight the fight with Muyingwa, forcing
through spearmen like a hungry wolf
through little rabbits! Askwalil You are
my brother, Yellow Beard! Muyingwa,
thirsting on the desert, would share his last
cup of water with you.”

  “As for that,” answered Northrup, “we
are even. You saved my life for me——”
“It was nothing,” cut in Muyingwa. “I
struck down one man who threatened you.
You hurled yourself upon many. You
shall see that I am no man to forget. We
wait here until your wounds are whole; then
we move on to Chebo. There already has
Inaa run to tell his lies; but men shall know
them for lies. I shall enter the city as a
great man; Nayangap shall go at my side,
a great lady for great ladies to wait upon.
And you, at my right, shall go, not as the
other Bahana who died like a coward, but as
Muyingwa’s brother. As Muyingwa rises,
you shall rise, Yellow Beard!”

  Had one spoken thus to the old Sax
Northrup, saying, “I will lead you to rich
cities unknown to white men, where per-
haps there is wealth to be got and power!”
there would have been only eagerness in his
heart. But now—he shook his head.

  “Muyingwa,” he said slowly, “it seems to
me that it is only a little thing I have done
for you, no greater than the thing you have
done for me. So let us put it aside. You are
a man as I am a man, Muyingwa, and you
have called me brother. We may speak
plainly with each other.

  “It is not in my heart to go with you to
Chebo to become a great man under your
hand. It is my wish to be what I have al-
Yahoya

55

ways been, a man free to follow what trail
he wishes. The trail I must follow leads
away from you, and back to the world of
the Bahanas. You must let us go, Yahoya
and me.”

  Muyingwa stared at him frowning.
Northrup, looking into the man’s hard eyes,
felt his heart sink. Yahoya pressed his
hand softly.

  “We shall be happy even here, Sax-
northrup!” she whispered.

  Muyingwa silently lifted his hand. A
dozen of his men came into the main room
of the kiva.

  “Tell Yellow Beard,” said Muyingwa
to the man who stood at their head, “what
are the vows the soldier must take when he
is no longer a boy, but a man, when the
Chief Priest and the Overlord of the Seven
Cities put spear and knife into his hands.”
The man looked at him curiously as he
answered:

  “The young soldier swears that in all
things he will obey blindly the command of
the captain above him; that he will die be-
fore he break one of the Five Priestly Orders;
that torture will not drive him to forget
what is the chief cause of his people.”
“Tell him,” went on Muyingwa, “what is
the oath a soldier must take when he be-
comes such as I, a head man.”

  “That he will, in all things, obey the com-
mand of the Overlord; that the Five Priestly
Orders are supreme in his heart; that though
the gods themselves commanded he would
not forget the chief cause of his people.”
“Tell him,” said Muyingwa, “what is this
chief cause of our people.”

  “It is this,” answered the man: “There
shall come among us no Bahana to despoil
our empire. If a Bahana come he shall be
as a prisoner among us; and above all
things, no Bahana shall go forth from us to
talk of what he has seen.”

  “You hear, Yellow Beard?” demanded
Muyingwa, his tone seeming suddenly to
have grown savage.

  “I hear,” answered Northrup.

  “Then,” cried Muyingwa, so that the
sound of his voice reverberated strangely in
the stone room, “hear what Muyingwa says
to you! Before Muyingwa there may be
great riches and honor, or there may be
death. Today you saved Muyingwa’s life,
and he used great words of his gratitude to
you. He called you brother. Now it is in
your heart to go back to your own people.

What is my answer? You are a man as I am
a man. You love a maiden as I love a
maiden. I have said ‘Brother’ to you!
Here is my word:

  “You are no liar as was the Man of Wis-
dom. Tell me that you will tell no living
man the way to come upon the people of the
Seven Cities, and I will believe you. I will
go with you, you and Yahoya, across the
desert, leaving Inaa to spin what lies he
likes in the ear of the Overlord. I will
bring my men with us, bearing in their
hands things of gold, to make a great lord
of you in your own land. And then I will
leave you and come back to what awaits me
in Chebo. When Muyingwa says ‘Brother,’
it is with his heart.”

  Northrup stepped forward swiftly, his
breast swelling deeply to the emotion burst-
ing from his heart, his eyes shining, his
hand shutting hard, hard upon the hand of
Muyingwa.

  “What you ask, I promise,” he said sim-
ply. “I give you my word—Brother!”

  For a moment these two strong men, who
in verity had come from the ends of the
earth, stood, hands locked, looking deeply
into each other’s eyes. And as the two
hands fell away, through the stillness of the
room could be heard Northrup’s sigh and
Muyingwa’s as one.

  “It is better,” whispered little Nayangap,
“to be a man than a god!”

  Yahoya slipped swiftly to her feet, came
to Muyingwa’s side, and lifted his hand to
her lips. Her eyes were bright, and there
was the glitter of tears in them.

  “You are a man of a great heart,” she
cried softly. “For does not Yahoya know
that in Chebo you will have to stand trial
before the Overlord for the thing which you
have done? That Inaa, whose power is
great, will cry loudly for your death? That
only if Muyingwa’s power has grown in the
night and he has the secret ear of Kish-
Taka will death be averted?”

  “Muyingwa is not without power,” was
the calm answer. “Not without favor in the
eyes of Kish-Taka, the Overlord. And
Muyingwa is not a coward.”

THERE came a star-filled night
when Muyingwa’s tall form, leading
his men, was turned away from them
as he slowly moved back into the desert
toward the hidden cities. Northrup and
Yahoya, standing side by side, watched
Adventure

56

him until at last the night swallowed him.

  At the foot of a great mesquite were buried
in the sand the things which Muyingwa’s
men had brought from the place of the
People of the Hidden Spring, many things
of heavy gold. To-morrow Northrup would
come back here for them. Now they had
passed out of his thought.

  “For there is a thing greater than gold!”
he whispered, as he opened his arms for her.
“And we have found it, Yahoya.”

 So as Muyingwa turned back to seek
that which lay in the future for him, Sax
Northrup and Yahoya turned their eyes
toward the shadowy outlines of their own
dreamings.

Author of “In the Bank Fog," “The Education of Billy Stream," etc.

HE halibut fishing-schooner Leona
T. Himmelman of Anchorville,
Nova Scotia, was jogging in a
dense fog a few miles to the
eastward of Cape Observation, Island of
Anticosti. The skipper, Johnny Himmel-
man, had been looking for the fish all
the way from West Point and had an idea
that halibut might be struck in the deep
water on the north shore of the island.

  The Leona T. Himmelman was a ninety-
five-ton semi-knockabout schooner carry-
ing eight double-trawl dories and a crew of
nineteen men. The skipper and a few
members of the crew hailed from Lunen-
burg County, which accounted for his
Teutonic name.

 Captain Johnny could speak German
and had a taste for certain German dishes
—sauerkraut being one of them. Though
German in origin, and retaining many of

  the old German tastes and ideas, Captain
Himmelman was a Canadian first, last and
all the time, and his eldest son, Corporal
Roy Himmelman, was even then in France,
fighting the Empire’s battle in the ranks of
the First Canadian Expeditionary Force.

  With her jumbo weathered up, the main-
sheet started and the wheel down a spoke
or two, the schooner swashed lazily over
the fog-shrouded sea, marking time until
the morning, when the dories would be
swung over and a “set” made for the val-
uable flat fish. On deck, the two fisher-
men on watch smoked and lolled against
the lee nest of dories. They did not bother
sounding the mechanical fog-horn, as traffic
on the north shore of Anticosti was scarce,
being but rarely navigated by any other
craft than fishing-vessels.

  Below in the cabin, the skipper and some
other members of the crew read old Halifax
Some Fishing

57

  papers and discussed the all-absorbing topic
of the war.

  “I cal’late dat feller of mine will be in
der trenches now,” remarked the skipper,
puffing away at his pipe. “I got a card
from him marked ‘Somewhere in France.’ ”
“He ain’t seen nawthin’ o’ them sub-
marines, has he?” queried a fisherman,
busy overhauling a skate of halibut gear.

  “Said der transport was chased by one
o’ dem off der Irish coast,” answered Cap-
tain Johnny, “but der navy boats chased
der submarine away.”

  “Ain’t they the divil now, them sub-
marines!” said another. “They say they
kin travel acrost th’ Western Ocean an’
back an’ stay fur days under water. How
d’ye s’pose they kin cotch them beggars?”
“Shoot at der periscope, I cal’late,” re-
plied the skipper, “or ram dem. I cal’late
dat’s de only way mit dem.”

  “It’s a wonder none o’ them comes acrost
to this here gulf an’ lays for th’ Montreal
boats cornin’ out with th’ sojers aboard.
Ef they kin travel th’ distance they say
they kin, why don’t they?”

  “They’d need more gasoline to take
them back,” said a fisherman, looking up
from the newspaper he was reading. “They
kin only carry ile enough to bring them
out-”

  An oilskinned figure appeared in the
gangway.

  “Say, Skip, fur th’ love o’ Mike, hev a
look up here! There’s a bloomin’ spar-
buoy or somethin’ headin’ agin th’ tide
off’n th’ starb’d beam. Come up quick!”

THE skipper and a few of the men
jumped on deck and stared in the
direction indicated by the fisher-
man’s mittened hand. The fog was hang-
ing heavy over the smooth surface of the
sea, and about a cable’s length away a small
gray-colored pole was traveling slowly in
a westerly direction.

  “It’s movin’ all right,” remarked one of

the fishermen. “Looks like a spar-”

  “Limb o’ a water-logged tree, I cal’late,”
said some one sarcastically.

  “Aye, headin’ to wind’ard agin’ th’ tide!”
countered another. “Use th’ small amount
o’ brains God give ye.”

  “It’s us that’s movin’—not it,” growled
the other. “A driftin’ spar-buoy or maybe
a halibuter’s watch-buoy on the end o’ Ms
gear.”

  The object was vanishing from sight in
the mist when the skipper, who had been
staring at it through his marine glasses,
suddenly exclaimed:

  “Bubbles! A reg’lar wake an’ der bub-
bles! By yiminy, boys, dat’s der peri-
scope of a blasted Yerman submarine!”

  All hands were on deck now, staring into
the fog, and for a minute no one spoke. A
German submarine in the Gulf of St. Law-
rence! It was incredible! The simple-
minded Canadian fishermen, plying their
vocation on the waters off that deserted
Anticosti shore, could scarce believe that
one of the enemy’s deadly engines of war
would venture across the Atlantic to these
peaceful waters so remote from the pre-
scribed area of submarine warfare.

  “What’s her business here?” A husky
fisherman broke the silence.

  “Layin’ for th’ Montreal troopships, I
cal’late!”

  “Sufferin’ Judas!” growled a New Bruns-
wick man. “I hev a brother in one o’ them
Montreal kilty regiments leavin’ soon.
What’ll we do, Skip?”

  The smoke was coming from Johnny
Himmelman’s pipe in a veritable cloud, a
sure sign that he was thinking.

  “Dere’s a telegraph at Natashkwan an’
dat’s ’bout fifty miles to de no’theast.
Fox Bay’s ’bout de same to der east’ard.
Mit der engine goin’ we kin make eider o’

dem in ’bout eight hours-”

  “Here’s a vessel cornin’,” cried a man
standing for’ard.

  “A warship, by Jupiter!” shouted some
one. “She’s chasin’ th’ submarine, I’ll
bet.”

  The pulsating of engines throbbed across
the water and the fishermen peered into
the mist excitedly.

  “Thar she is!”

  A shadowy hull loomed out of the pall
and masts and spars broke into hazy view.
The sight of a bowsprit, with a trio of furled
jibs lying upon it, caused the skipper to
speak in surprise.

  “What der defil! Dat ain’t no warship.
Dat’s a t’ree-mast, tops’l schooner mit an

auxiliary engine-”

  “Look’s like a Frenchman from Sint-
Malo. What’s one o’ them craft adoin’
up here? They’re Grand Bank craft—
By Jupiter! He’ll be into us! Hi-yi!
Sheer off, you!”

  A bull-roared shout of Warning came
58

Adventure

from all hands on the Leona Hitntnelman’s
decks, as the skipper sprang for the wheel
and hove it up.

  “Draw away der yumbo!” he bawled, as
the other craft drove down on their port
bow.

  The lookout on the other vessel must
have seen them. A guttural shout came
from her forecastlehead. Their wheel was
put hard aport, and the big schooner, her
decks crowded with men and dories, forged
past the Canadian fishing-vessel, but a
scant twelve feet between them.

  “Sacre'” shouted a voice. “Why t’-

ain’t you soundin’ der horn? - An-
glais!”

  “What vessel’s dat?” roared Himmelman.
“Schooner Yuno of Fecamp, cod-fishing.
Who’s dat vessel?”

  “Leona T. Himmelman of Anchorville,
halibuting. See any halibuters to de
east’ard?”

  “Yaw!” came the voice out of the fog,
as the larger vessel swept by.

  “Two or t’ree schooners fishing off Heath
Point. All revoir, m’sieul”

  Captain Himmelman stared abstractedly
into the wall of mist which swallowed up
the Frenchman. Scratching his head won-
deringly, he inquired of the gang loafing
around:

  “Did any of you fellers read der name
of dat craft as he went past?”

  “Aye,” answered a fisherman. “‘Juno
of Fecamp’ was on her stern board. Didn’t
ye hear him sing out her name? I c’d hear
him plain enough.”

  “Yah, I heard him,” answered the skip-
per slowly. “But he said ‘Yuno’ instead
of ‘Yuno:"

  “You’re Dutch, Skipper,” laughed the
other. “You mean he said ‘Yuno’ instead
of ‘Juno.’ ”

  “Aye, yust so,” replied Himmelman.
“I’m Dutch and can’t pronounce my yays
—I cal’late dat oder feller was Dutch too.
A Frenchman ain’t a ‘yaw-for-yes man.’
When dat feller first sighted us under his
bows, he sung out ‘hard aport’ in Yerman.
Boys! I’m a Nova Scotia Dutchman, but

I	kin spot an old-country Deutscher ten
faddom away, an’ I’ll bet a dollar to a
doughnut dat dat French fishin’-craft ain’t
nawthin’ but a Yerman supply-boat foller-
ing dat submarine!”

  Fishermen of the deep-sea type are quick
thinkers, and Captain Johnny Himmelman

was as smart as any of them. For a few
minutes he sat on the wheel-box, shrouded
in a pall of tobacco smoke which rivaled
the fog for density, and his methodical
German-Canadian brain arrayed the sus-
picious facts and evolved a plan of action.

  He had many things to consider. First
of all he wanted to get his valuable infor-
mation to the Dominion Government.
Natashkwan, on the north shore of the
gulf, fifty miles northeast, was a Govern-
ment telegraph station. Fox Bay on An-
ticosti Island was a small lobster cannery
settlement with a private telephone-wire
to Heath Point signal-station. At Heath
Point there was a powerful Marconi ap-
paratus which could flash the news to the
mainland or a government patrol boat.
Fox Bay was also some fifty miles to the
eastward along the Anticosti shore.

  “Hey ye go, fellers!” he shouted at last.
“Hook der stays’l halyards on to dat power
dory and git her over. Put a ten-gallon
can o’ gasoline in and some water and grub.
Jack Hanson an’ you, Tom Peters, git in
an’ make for Fox Bay. See de boss at de
lobster factory dere an’ telephone to de
lighthouse at Heath Point. Tell dem dat
a Yerman submarine and a supply-schooner
passed along de north shore of de Anticoast
an’ git dem to send a man-o’-war as quick
as possible. Away you go, boys. I’ll
stand to de west’ard an’ look for dem queer
craft.”

  Within five minutes the power dory was
hoisted over, and the two fishermen grabbed
their oilskins and jumped in. A deft turn
of the fly-wheel and a “So long, fellers!”
and the little boat puttered into the fog on
her fifty-mile journey.

  The skipper watched them vanish and
turned to the waiting gang.

  “Now, boys, we’ll tack ship an’ head to
de wcst’ard, along shore. Maybe we’ll
locate dem pirate Yermans.”

              II

WHEN Captain Himmelman head-
ed the schooner in the direction the
submarine and her supposed con-
sort had taken, he had absolutely no idea
of a plan of action. Neither he nor the
gang took into consideration the danger of
such a step, or had any idea as to what they
would do should they discover the enemy
craft. As a fisherman would say, “They

 Hii
Some Fishing

59

barged along to find out things for them-
selves.”

  The wind was westerly and freshening,
and with the four lowers, the balloon jib
and the big fisherman’s staysail set, they
swung close-hauled up the coast within a
mile or two of the fog-shrouded land.
Over the windlass lolled a group of men,
smoking and conjecturing. Aft at the
wheel, the skipper glanced alternately at
sails and compass and blew mighty clouds
of smoke. The loafing trawlers refrained
from curious questions and left the skipper
to his thoughts.

  “Keep a good lookout for’ard, fellers,”
cautioned Himmelman after a while.
“Look an’ listen. We don’t want to pass
dem in de fog.”

  They held on through the mist and
passed Cape Observation, by soundings,
about five in the afternoon. Supper was
a hastily gobbled meal that evening, as
most of the gang preferred to be on deck
keeping a lookout. By the laughing com-
ments and remarks passed among the men,
one would imagine they were out on a pic-
nic instead of looking for a German sub-
marine. One significant aspect, however,
was the sight of four fishermen seated on
the house aft and busy oiling and cleaning
two double-barreled shot-guns, a Win-
chester “thirty-thirty” and an old Snider
rifle of the make sold extensively in rural
localities for five dollars.

  The god Chance threw them across the
track of their quarry with a suddenness
which was almost startling. The mist
lifted landward and disclosed the topsail
schooner and the under-water boat lying,
side by side, a cable’s length away on the
Leona Himmelman’s port quarter.

  “Thar she is!” roared a dozen voices at
once, and as their excited shouts carried
across the water, the topsail schooner
started her engine and sheered away from
the huge submersible.

  “Stand by der sheets!” bawled Himmel-
man excitedly. “Swing her off!”

  The gang jumped to bitt and cleat, vague-
ly wondering what the skipper intended to
do. The wheel was being rolled up by the
great hands of Himmelman, and the able
schooner was paying off rapidly.

  “Stand by for a yibe!” he almost howled.

  “What are ye goin’ to do. Skip?” cried
the crowd from their various stations.
“Runnin’ for it?”

 “Run be--!” answered the Lunen-

burger, his face ablaze with excitement.
“I’m agoin’ to ram dat dere submarine.
Let der sheets run and hang on when I hit
him, for, by yiminy, we’ll hit hard!”

 Crash! The booms came over and
fetched up on the patent j:bers with the
shock incidental to jibing all standing in a
fresh breeze; shouting and cursing men
caught the turns on the sheets, and as the
schooner drove for the submarine with the
big mainboom over the port rail and the
foreboom over the starboard, the men
cleaning the guns commenced slipping in
cartridges and banging away at the sub-
mersible’s crew hastily scrambling into the
conning-tower amidships.

  They had good reason to be afraid. A
ninety-five-ton fishing-schooner, with her
great sails bellying iron hard with a strong
breeze and a welter of white water roaring
up from under her bows, is an awesome
sight.

  The great spars towering aloft for one
hundred and twenty-five feet and clothed
with canvas from topmast truck to deck
constitutes a formidable driving-power to
a deep hull laden with forty-five tons of
ballast and fifty tons of ice, salt and fish.
The German raiders sensed it, and no
sooner was the last man below and the
conning-tower hatch clamped, than the
great war-fis! i began to dive.

  “She’s divin’, Skip!” yelled Tommy
Morrissey from forward.

  The rifles and shot-guns kept a continual
fusillade on the turret which was beginning
to disappear from sight into a swirl of
water; the schooner drove ahead at a
twelve-knot clip, a thing of life, eager and
vengeful, ready to smash her storming
stem on the fragile cylinder sinking into
the sea under her bows.

  Twenty feet! The conning-tower had
vanished leaving only the periscope, an air
pipe and two steel wireless masts above
water. Ten feet! These also disappeared
and the fishermen on the Leona Himmel-
man’s decks howled and squirmed with
disappointed rage. The schooner stormed
over the great vortex of the submarine’s
displacement and the men swore, shook
their clenched fists and yelled meaningless
expressions with the savagery of primeval
man cheated of his prey.

 All but Tommy Morrissey. Tommy
kept his head, like the long-sighted old
6o

Adventure

trawler that he was, and as the schooner
surged for the vanished under-sea boat, he
deftly cast the shank painter of the star-
board anchor adrift, severed the ring stop-
per with a shack knife and leaped for the
butt of the bowsprit as the great seven-
hundred - pound anchor crashed for the
bottom with thirty fathom of chain cable
thundering through the hawse-pipe.

  Instinctively the gang ran aft or jumped
feet first down into the forecastle. The
schooner fetched up in her headlong career
with a terrific jerk, and with tremendous
cracks both masts snapped at the deck and
the spars hurtled down in a welter of twang-
ing wire stays and thunderously flapping
canvas.

  Himmelman, crouching down by the
wheel, caught sight of Morrissey crawling
out from the protection of the bowsprit
butt, and he raced forward, leaping over
the wreckage with fists clenched. ■>

  “You infernal swab!” he yelled. “What
dit you mean by dat crazy trick?”

  Morrissey glanced over the bows, noted
something, and closed with the infuriated
skipper.

  With the old fisherman’s arms around
him, Himmelman struggled to plant a
blow. “I’ll murder you,” he screamed.
“You-”

  “Easy, Skip! Go easy!” shouted the
other without relaxing his bear’s hug.
“Can’t you see, you crazy Dutchman?
She’s bein’ towed, you fool! She’s bein’
towed! Can’t ye understand, or will I
have to bash some sense inter yer thick
nut? The anchor’s hooked inter that
gaudy submarine. That’s why I cast her
adrift!”

  The skipper jumped for the rail and
looked over. A ripple played around the
Leona’s bows and the chain cable led out
straight ahead. He stared at the con-
vincing sight for several seconds and turned
slowly to the triumphant Morrissey.

  “Waal, by yiminy!” he ejaculated. “If
dat don’t beat all my goin’ afishin’! She’s
hooked for sure. Swamp me, if dat ain’t
th’ queerest goldarned fish I ever hooked

in all my days-an’ mit de anchor for a

hook. Sink me!”

ALL hands speedily made their
way forward to satisfy themselves
that Morrissey’s claim was correct,
and the increasing gurgle of the bow wave

and the chain cable straightening out ahead
soon convinced them.

  “By golly!” remarked the skipper.
“Funny thing dat we should have had dat
range of chain over de windlass, all ready.
I was for anchoring tonight, but when she
started breezing up I changed my mind.
Boys, ye’d better clear away dis raffle.
Lash dem spars an’ we’ll tow dem astern.
Cut de sails adrift and fetch dem aboard.
Yiminy! She’s smashed up dem rails and
stanchions in good shape. Git busy nowl”
With feverish haste, the men cut and
slashed the spars clear of the encumbering
rigging and sails, and bending on warps
allowed the mainmast, foremast and main-
boom to tow astern. The lighter gaffs and
booms were kept on deck.

  Himmelman gazed over the taffrail with
a glance of approval.

  “Dey will help to make Us tow harder.
Ha! ha!”

  The submarine was still submerged and
hauling the dismasted fishing - schooner
along at a speed of four or five knots. The
topsail schooner had vanished into a wall
of fog which still hung over the water to
seaward.

  “That under-water craft’ll be for cornin’
up an’ havin’ a look ’round soon,” remarked
a fisherman apprehensively. “What are
we agoin’ to do then?”

  “What ef she does?” growled another.
“What kin she do? She can’t git adrift
from us. That seven-hunder-pound an-
chor’ll hev bitten well inter some part o’
her top deck. Them flukes’ll go through
thin steel easy and th’ way o’ this vessel
under sail ’ud make them bite for further
orders. That anchor’s fast for keeps. Th’
way she fetched up an’ jumped th’ spars

out ’ud tell ye that-”

  “Aye, that may be so, but s’pose that
there submarine starts to dive deeper an*
drag this here hooker under?”

  “Yes! And ef she did we’d moor her
for all time soon’s we filled an’ sunk. We
c’d batten down an’ we couldn’t be sunk.
’Sides, that submarine ain’t strong enough
to drag this craft down.”

  “S’pose she comes up alongside an’ tries
to board us? What then?”

“We got guns, ain’t we? They kin only
crawl out that connin’-tower one at a time,
an’ I cal’late we c’d pick ’em off nicely.”
“By Jupiter!” broke in Morrissey.
“They might try an’ loose a torpedo at us.
Some Fishing

61

With thirty fathom of chain out, it might
give him a chanst to swing around an’ give
us a shot that 'ud blow us to flinders.”
“For’ard dere, fellers, an’ heave short!”
yelled the skipper instantly. “Git twenty
faddom o’ dat cable aboard, quick!”

  The crowd had the brakes shipped and
were windlassing in the links ere the words
were out of Himmelman’s mouth. Never
did men heave down on windlass bars with
such efforts as did the Leona’s gang. The
most exacting Yankee wind-jammer mate
could not have roused a homeward-bound-
er’s mud-hook aboard in quicker time.

  Panting and sweating, they clustered in
the waist and gazed at the bubbling wake
ahead. The skipper had his pipe going
again and was busy thinking, with the
wheel in his hands. The submarine was
towing them to the eastward, just the
direction that Himmelman wanted.

  “She’s a-comin’ up, Skip!” cried a man,
pointing ahead to where the periscope was
emerging from the water.

  Himmelman laughed and gave the wheel
a savage wrench.

  “We’ll steer wild,” he said easily, “and
give him some drag—Yiminy!”

  A terrific explosion shook the vessel, and
the fishermen were thrown to the deck.
Splinters of wood flew high into the air
followed by a tower of water which came
like a cloudburst from aloft and almost
swamped the dismasted Leona. The at-
mosphere reeked with the acrid fumes of a
high explosive.

  “Holy mackerel!” cried the gang as they
scrambled to their feet, almost deafened
and blinded by the shock. “We’re tor-
pedoed!”

  The water was sluicing off the schooner’s
smashed decks, and the skipper looked
around.

  “De vessel ain’t hit!” he cried. “It’s
de spars towin’ astern—Yudas! He’s shot
a torpedo out of his stern and it missed us
when I give her de wheel dat time. Haul
up on him, fellers, or, by Yupiter, he’ll be
givin’ us anoder! Yump, fellers, yump!
Shoot away dat periscope, somebody!”

  The crowd ran for the windlass brakes
and plied them desperately, while Dexter
Anson plumped five thirty-thirty bullets
into the head of the periscope. At such
close range, the mirrors were effectually
smashed and the U-boat was rendered
helpless as an under-water menace.

  Slowly but surely, with fifteen husky
men on the windlass brakes, the chain came
in link by link until the fishermen could
discern the black bulk of the submarine in
the clear green water ahead. Its propellers
were churning up the water almost under
the bowsprit of the fishing-schooner.

  “They cal’late they’ve blown us up,”
remarked Morrissey sagely, “so, with that
perryscope out o’ business, they’ll come
out for a look. They kin see through them
glass ports in that there turret. Thar she
comes now—jest like a whale. See ef ye
can put some shots through them glass
ports, Dexter.”

  The fisherman with the rifle took care-
ful aim and fired, and the submarine dived
again.

  “I cal’late we got him jammed in a
clinch!” joyously ejaculated Morrissey, as
he watched the great steel hull subside.
“We’ve got that there fish poke-hooked,
by Godfrey! He can’t do nawthin’ no-
how but drag us to blaze-an-gone-out acrost
to Dutchland.”

  “That’s just th’ divil of it,” remarked
the cook. “Ain’t we got no way of stop-
pin’ him? He’s liable to tow us off some-
wheres an’ we’ll miss th’ man-o’-war that
th’ boys hev gone to Fox Bay to fctch.”
“By golly, but de cook’s right!’-’ said
the skipper. “We’ll have to stop dat

beggar somehow-”

  “You bet we will!” interrupted Dexter
Anson dolefully. “I ain’t got no more
cartridges left. Thar’s no more ammu-
nition but three number sixes for the shot-
guns, and ef them Germans take a notion
to come up and open fire on us, we’re done
for.”

  The ingenious Morrissey smashed his
great fist on the staysail box.

  “Boys,” said he triumphantly, “I’ve an
idea that I cal’late will work. I’ll git them
jibsheet chains and crawl out on th’ bow-
split. You fellers heave ahead on that
windlass and I’ll drop them chains inter his
perpellers. Ef that don’t fetch him up,
I’m a Dutchman myself.”

  Quickly unshackling the sheets from the
jib, Morrissey made each of them fast to a
piece of line and crawled out on the bow-
sprit, with Dexter Anson lugging the chains
along the foot-ropes. While the rest of
the gang manned the windlass again, Mor-
rissey sat astride the bowsprit-end and
swung the chain as he would heave a lead.
62

Adventure

Anson, on the foot-ropes, held the lines
already bent to the sheets.

  “Watch, there, watch!” cried Morrissey,
carefully judging the distance from the spar
to the boiling froth a few feet ahead of him.
“Heave!”

  The chain flew from his hands and shot
into the submarine’s wake.

  “Nawthin’ doin’!” bawled Anson, as he
felt the weight of the chain on his line.
“Try again, Tommy, boy!”

  He hove the chain up again and passed
it along to Morrissey, who made another
attempt.

  “Must have guards over them wheels,”
growled he, after four unsuccessful attempts.
“Haul up on him a bit more, boys! An-
other fathom ahead and I’ll be able to drop
’em right down on them screws. Ready?
Stand by, Dexter. Heave!”

  The fishermen clustered over the bows
gave vent to an excited shout of triumph
as the retaining line was whipped out of
Anson’s hands.

  “She’s fouled!” roared Morrissey.
“Gimme that other chain for th’ port screw!
Heave!”

  The watchers held their breath and ex-
pelled it in a joyous howl as the line almost
wrenched Anson from his perch.

  “She’s snarled, by the holy old sailor!”
he yelled as he clutched at the back-rope
to save himself from falling. “She’s
stopped.”

  In the midst of their triumph, the skip-
per gave vent to an excited ejaculation and
pointed to the sea-line astern. In the glow
of the sunset, the square sails of a sailing-
vessel were silhouetted some five miles
away.

  “Dat tops’l schooner!” he cried. “An’
she’s headin’ for us. We’ll have to beat it!”

  “Beat it?” questioned the gang.

  “Yes, beat it, an’ - quick. Dere’s

’bout t'irty men aboard dat craft an’ dey
may have guns.”

  “What about this here submarine? Will
we cut her adrift?”

  The skipper thought for a moment.

  “No! We’ll moor her. Knock out the
first shackle on that chain cable abaft the
windlass and bend de fishin’ hawser and de
port anchor to it. When we’re ready we’ll
let go, and Mister Submarine will be moored
to t’ree hundred faddom of good eight-inch
manila hawser and an eight-hundred-pound
anchor. He’ll hang to dis forty-faddom

water for all time even ef he clears dose
chains from his screws. Billy, go down
aft and start de engine. We’ll have to git
out quick!”

THE bleak shore of northern An-
ticosti was about two miles away
and the sun was setting. It was
hazy to the eastward and nothing broke
the sea line but the somber shores of
the island and the rapidly approaching
schooner.

  “All ready for’ard?” shouted Himmel-
man from the wheel.

  “All ready, Skipper!”

  “Den let her go!”

  The men had bent the chain of the an-
chor which was fast to the U-boat to the
cable of the Banker’s fishing-anchor and
with a heave of the fluke bar sent the big
mud-hook crashing to the bottom with the
great fishing hawser snaking out after it.
The chain cable was clear of the windlass
and with engine going, the dismasted fish-
ing-schooner backed away from the still
submerged submarine.

  “She’s moored for fair, now, Skip!” re-
marked a man. “Lord Harry, but we’ve
had some fun this afternoon! Ha, ha!”

  As they sheered off, the rugged fisher-
men gave vent to expressions of relief.

  “Some fishing!” they said gleefully.
“Won’t Jack Hanson an’ Tom Peters be
sore at missing this day’s sport?”

  As they drew away, the submarine slow-
ly emerged to the surface. A man crawled
out of her conning-tower, followed by three
or four others. A forward hatch also
opened and the submarine’s decks were
crowded with men who shouted and shook
their fists at the retreating fishing-schooner.

  Suddenly a disappearing gun elevated
itself from the submersible’s decks; two
men swung the muzzle around; there was
a flash of fire in the twilight and a shell
struck the Leona forward by the windlass
and exploded with a stunning detonation.
Luckily all hands were mustered aft and
flopped to the deck as soon as they saw the
gun.

  Bang! Another shell struck the stump
of the foremast and blew the forecastle
hatch into a mess of splintered and shred-
ded wood.

  “Holy mackerel!” cried a man anxiously.
“There’s agoin’ to be some killin’ yet.
What are we agoin’ to do, Skip?”
Some Fishing

63

  “Kin we run for it?” inquired Morrissey
looking at the skipper.

  Craslil A shell struck the rail amidships
and tore the gunwales off the dory on the
port nest.

  “Lord Harry, Skipper!” shouted the
crowd in a panic. “We’re agoin’ to git
killed!”

  Himmelman’s usually placid face was
white now. He wasn’t afraid, but he was
mad—berserker mad. Rolling the wheel
over, he swung the Leona around on her
heel and headed for the submarine.

  “Gedt down, boys, down on der deck!”
he shouted, relapsing in his excitement into
broken English and German. “I’ll finish
dot feller, by-!”

  Plunkl A shot struck the water astern
of them as the schooner forged ahead at
eight knots under the drive of the powerful
auxiliary gasoline engine. A continuous
fire of gun and rifle shots was coming from
the submarine’s crew now and the bullets
bit into the solid woodwork of the rails and
houses and scattered splinters over the
crouching fishermen. The shells went
whistling over the vessel, but in the gath-
ering darkness, with the target rapidly
approaching and bows on, the German
gunners were shooting wild.

  A rifle bullet knocked the skipper’s cap
off and plowed a furrow across his scalp.
The blood poured down his face and he
dropped down by the wheel.

  “Head her for dat turret amidships,” he
growled, dashing the blood out of his eyes
with his great fist.

  Morrissey and Anson knelt by the wheel
and glanced over the bows to where the
submarine lay. It was only fifty yards
away now and the fire was slacking off.
The submarine’s crew were preparing for
an abandonment of their craft and were
buckling on life-belts ready for a swim to
the three-mast schooner which was rapidly
coming up.

  “Stand by!” yelled some one.

  The fishermen leaped to their feet with a
wild whoop and hurled belaying-pins, coal,
pieces of wood and other missiles at the
German sailors, as with a staggering crash
the schooner rammed the U-boat amid-
ships.

  The force of the blow rolled the great
cigar-shaped hull over. A few of the Ger-
mans were knocked into the sea; others
hung to the hand-rails and opened fire with

automatic revolvers, and two made a leap
for the schooner’s bobstays and scrambled
aboard, only to be laid out by windlass
bars in the hands of the maddened fisher-
men.

  With her engine still going ahead and
her bow rammed against the submarine’s
turret, the Leona held the underwater craft
over on her side. Some of the crew re-
mained hanging to the hand-rails, firing
with revolvers at the black bulk of the
fishing-vessel, but as it was dark, the
shooting was largely pot-luck shots. On
the Leona, the gang kept up a continuous
bombardment with whatever missiles they
could lay their hands on, and dory water-
jars burst like shrapnel on the iron decks
of the U-boat.

  “More ammunition!” yelled Morrissey,
and the cook jumped below and threw his
pots and pans up through the splintered
forecastle hatch.

  The top-sail schooner had come up with-
in a hundred yards by now and was launch-
ing her dories.

  “Look, Skip!” cried Dexter Anson.
“There’s eight dories full o’ men acomin’
for us. I cal’late you’d better reverse that
engine an’ git out o’ this.”

  Himmelman grasped the clutch and
hauled it over. The motor, which had
been going continuously, gave a few ex-
plosions and stopped.

  “Jump below, Billy, and give her a
crank!” cried the Skipper, anxiously peer-
ing into the darkness.

  The fisherman who had charge of the
engine, jumped below and almost as quick-
ly appeared again.

  “The gasoline tank’s punctured!” he
cried in alarm.

  “De-, ye. say! Yiminy! We’re done

for! Git ready, fellers, to fight for yer
lives!”

  As he spoke, Billy the engineer ripped
out an oath and clapped his hand to his
left shoulder.

  “Jumpin’ Jupiter! I’m hit!”

  From all around them in the darkness
came the flash and snap of rifle and revol-
ver fire.

  The crouching fishermen on the Leona
Himmelman’s shattered and splintered
decks knew that they need expect no
mercy from the enraged Germans, and
each grasped knife, bar and ax and pre-
pared to sell his life dearly.
64

Adventure

&& THE operator at Heath Point
gfe/o Signal Station laughed as he re-

    •	ceived the telephone message from
Fox Bay.

  “What d’ye think of that?” he said to
the other two operators. “Some crazy
fishermen have come into Fox Bay, saying
they saw a German submarine up on the
north shore of the island. Seem quite
excited over it and want us to inform a
patrol boat or the Government.”

  The others grinned.

  “Wonder where they got the rum? Any-
way, you’d better flash it over to that de-
stroyer off here. There’s some troop-
ships coming down soon and we’d better
send it, even though it’s only a fisherman’s
yarn.”

  The operator on duty entered the wire-
less room and sat down to the key. His
fingers pressed the dots and dashes de-
noting the call of the war-vessel some-
where out in the gulf.

  The connection was made and the wire-
less man repeated his message, adding—
“Guess it’s a joke!”

  The reply rather startled him.

  “No joke. Inform Fame Point and all
stations within your radius. Most im-
portant. We’re off. Keep your wire clear
for the next twelve hours.”

  A long slate - colored destroyer slid
through the haze off East Cape, with smoke
belching from her three funnels. The
commander on her bridge talked with his
senior lieutenant in excited tones.

  “They have done it after all,” he said.
“We knew they planned getting some of
their subs over here, but they caught two
of them in the Channel and we thought
they’d given up the attempt. Those fish-
ermen are in Fox Bay, so we’ll haul in and
pick them up.”

  As they approached the lobster factory
settlement, the motor dory with Jack
Hanson and Tom Peters aboard rounded
up alongside the destroyer. The dory was
hoisted aboard, and the two fishermen
were escorted to the bridge.

  The commander questioned them at once.
“You saw the periscope proceeding in a
westerly direction. You also saw a three-
masted schooner, presumably a French
fisherman, following her. Umphl Up off
Cape Observation, you say. All right,
men, if your information turns out to be
correct, you will have done your country a

great service—a great service. Better go
below and have something to eat.”

  “If ye don’t mind, sir, we’d rather stay
up here an’ watch th’ fun. Holy sailor!
This craft kin travel some. What kin she
make, mister?”

  “We’re running at thirty-two knots an
hour now,” replied the officer with a smile.
“We can make more—thirty-six. Fog’s
lifting, thank Heaven.”

  At ten o’clock it was dark and Cape
Observation was abeam. The fishermen
lounged in the lee of the canvas dodger,
while the spray swashed up from the racing
bows of the destroyer and the wind of their
passage roared overhead in the aerials of the
wireless.

  A quartermaster, scanning the horizon
ahead with binoculars, reported:

  “Something firing ahead, sir. Can make
out gun flashes!”

  “Hands to stations!” ordered the com-
mander, and the wondering trawlers noted
the activity which followed the order.

  Bluejackets scurried into the gun turret
forward, and at the numerous quick-firers
along the rail the gun crews hauled the
canvas covers off and carried ammunition
boxes. Hanson and Peters were anxious.

  “Gun flashes ahead,” muttered the lat-
ter. “Cal’late the boys are inter a scrap
with them fellers. Hope we’re in time to
prevent any killing scrapes.”

  It was black-dark now and the sky was
cloudy and devoid of stars. The destroyer
was forging ahead through the gloom at a
tremendous speed, her whole fabric trem-
bling to the drive of her powerful engines.
The officers peered ahead through their
glasses.

  “Searchlight!” ordered the commander.
The dazzling glare cut into the darkness
like a huge sword. “Sweep the horizon!”
The great beam of light wheeled and illu-
minated the deserted scrub-clad cliffs of the
Anticosti shore, two miles away, and then
methodically described a searching arc
from port to starboard.

  “There they are!”

  The light settled on a strange tableau a
mile away on the starboard bow. A fish-
ing-schooner, her masts gone, rolled in the
swell alongside the long black hulk of a
great submarine. In close proximity was
a three-mast topsail schooner lying hove-
to, and all around the three craft were
dories crowded with men. When the light
Some Fishing

65

played on the scene, all the dories with
one accord made for the topsail schooner.

  “Starboard—two points!” The destroy-
er’s commander, fearing a torpedo from the
submarine, swung his ship off suddenly.
“Port—two points!”

  The destroyer made another wild swing
on her course.

  “Fire a shot over that schooner!”

  A gun thundered below the bridge and
the destroyer’s whistle shrieked a warning
to halt.

 “All right. Never mind him. We can
catch that fellow any time. We’ll come
alongside that submarine. Looks as if
there was something wrong with him. By
Jove! He’s making no move. Swing all
your guns on him and as soon as I give the
word, pump shell into him as hard as you
can go.”

  “By gorry, mister!” ejaculated Hanson,
“th’ Leona’s in a whale of a mess! She
ain’t got a spar standin’, an’ her decks are
all smashed up. Jupiter! Thar ain’t no
sign o’ th’ gang.”

  Fear for their safety gripped his heart.
“They’ve bin wiped out!” growled Peters
ominously. “God, mister, they’ve bin
killed. Thar ain’t a man on her decks.
We’re too late!”

  Both fishermen feared the worst, and a
slow rage consumed them. Peters grabbed
the commander’s arm.

  “Blow that schooner an’ submarine out
o’ water, sir!” he cried hoarsely. “Give
the order to yer men. They’ve wiped out
Johnny Himmelman and the gang!”

  The officer rang down for “Stop!” and
shook off the fisherman’s detaining hand.

  “Wait a minute, my man,” he said grim-
ly. “We’ll investigate. If anything has
happened to your friends, they’ll be
avenged. Two boats and a full boarding-
crew, Mr. Jones! Call them away and
overhaul that submarine and the fisherman.
If he tries any monkey tricks, sheer off and
I’ll sink him. Nothing to fear from that
schooner—she can’t get away from us, but
look out they don’t open fire on you with
rifles or concealed guns. Call your men
away!”

  A boatswain’s whistle warbled out and
two boats splashed into the water, with the
crews swarming down the falls fully armed
with cutlasses, rifles and revolvers. Peters
and Hanson ran down from the bridge and
leaped into the first boat. The oars were

shipped and with the steady pull of a well-
trained man-o’-war’s crew, the two boats
headed rapidly in the direction of the help-
less fishing-schooner.

  Peters and Hanson were the first men
over the smashed rails.

  “Lord Harry!” cried Peters. “She’s all
smashed an’ ripped to blazes!” He ran to
the cabin gangway. “Oh, below! Any
one aboard?” Hanson had run for’ard and
was hailing down the splintered forecastle.

  “Godfrey, Jack, there’s nobody aboard!”
cried Peters hoarsely. “They’ve bin mur-
dered and hove overboard! Look at the
blood on the wheel-box! Look how th’
decks hev bin shot up! God—poor boys!
Poor boys!”

  They reported to the officer in the boat.

  “Nobody aboard, sir. Th’ boys hev
bin murdered an’ thrown over th’ side by
them murderin’ devils. Seventeen o’ them,
sir! As fine a gang as ever hauled a trawl
or stood a trick-”

  “Jump in, m’lads, and we’ll overhaul
this submarine,” said the officer kindly.
“She’s making no move, and I’m thinking
she’s disabled in some way. We’ll get her
crew and they’ll pay the price, never fear!”

  Illuminated in the glare of the destroy-
er’s searchlights, the boats pulled for the
submarine, which rested motionless on the
water, with her conning-tower and decks
just awash. A fisherman’s small trawl-
anchor bent to a stout line which led to the
Leona was fluked in the handrail.

  “Now, lads, board her!” shouted the
lieutenant, as the boats ranged alongside
the great steel hull.

  The bowmen hooked in with the boat-
hooks, and the bare-footed bluejackets,
with cutlasses and revolvers drawn,
swarmed out on the submersible’s decks.
The conning-tower hatch was down and
the lieutenant banged on it with the butt
of his sword.

  “Open up and surrender!” he roared.

  The hatch opened slowly and a voice
answered.

  “All right, mister! Der blasted hatch
was hard to open. Yiminy! You was a
long time coming.”

  Out of the hatch appeared a haggard
face with a blood-stained bandage around it.

  “Johnny Himmelman!” howled both the
fishermen at once.

  The lieutenant and the bluejackets
stared in surprise as the two trawlers
66

Adventure

grabbed the skipper and helped him down
on the submersible’s decks.

  “How in th’ name o’ Moses did you git
in there? Where’s th’ gang?”

  The gang were coming. The whole seven-
teen of them came crawling out of the U-
boat’s conning-tower, and the naval men
gaped at them open-mouthed.

  “Where the dickens is the crew of this
craft?” stuttered the lieutenant of Himmel-
man.

  The skipper waved toward the topsail
schooner lying to the wind a cable’s length
away.

  “Aboard her, I cal’late, or in der drink,
maybe!” he answered nonchalantly. To
Peters and Hanson he remarked: “Boys,
oh, boys, but you’ve missed all der fun.
What a session we’ve had, to be sure!”

  The officer looked over the assembly of
rugged fishermen—cut, bleeding and bruised.
He noted their daredevil faces and their
powerfully muscled arms.

  “By Jove!” he murmured. “What devils
they are, those Bank fishermen! What
boys they’d make for the navy! Eh,
what?”

THE war is still on and the censor-
ship is strict. The fate of the sub-
marine, the topsail schooner and
her crew, are known only to the naval au-
thorities. Our story deals only with Cap-
tain Himmelman and the Leona Himmel-
man’s gang.

  Captain Johnny was speaking.

  “Yes, sir,” he was saying, “when we saw
de dories cornin’ for us from dat schooner
an’ bangin’ away at us mit rifles, I says,
‘We’ll have to git out!’ De Leona had
drifted a few feet off from de submarine,
so we hooked her mit a trawl-anchor and a
bit o’ line and den we hauled de Leona up
on it.

  “De whole gang of us scrambled out on
der bowsplit and yumped aboard der
submarine and got into her and closed de
hatch yust as dey rushed us. We were all

right den—yust as safe as a lobster in a can;
and we stayed dere ontil de man-o’-war
come up. Now, mister, I want to know
if der Government is goin’ to pay for de
damage to my schooner.”

  The destroyer’s commander smiled and
stretched forth his hand.

  “Captain Himmelman,” he said with
admiration in his voice, “we’ve heard of
nervy deeds done in this great war, but I
must say that there is little I have heard
that can beat the exploits of you and your
daring crew. You recklessly braved death
a dozen times; you have shown a truly
marvelous ingenuity in capturing this
submarine, her crew, and that treacherous
Portuguese schooner; you have also been
the means of averting a great peril to the
flotilla of transports coming down the gulf
this week.

  I haven’t the least hesitation in stating
that when I have made my report to
the authorities, you and your men will
be fully compensated and rewarded for
the work you have done and the dangers
you have faced. Allow me to shake hands
with you and your brave boys. By God-
frey! I’m proud to know you!”

  Some months later Captain Himmelman
proudly exhibited a medal to the visiting
mayor of Anchorville and members of the
town council.

  “Yes, sir, me an’ Tommy Morrissey an’
Dexter Anson got one of dem things mit a
letter from King George himself. Dey call
it de ‘Distinguished Sendee Order,’ an’ I
cal’late I’ll hev it made into a brooch for de
ol’ woman. De Leona is bein’ refitted at
de expense of de government, and de whole
gang got a check from dem, so I cal’late
we ain’t lost much. I ain’t a highliner
this season, but we’ve got one thing to brag
about when it comes to fishin’.”

  “What’s that, Captain?”

  “We’re de only gang dat ever jigged a
submarine—an’ mit de starb’d anchor for
a hook. Ha! Ha!” And Captain Him-
melman chuckled.
HENCE Paddy came or what his
past had been are matters of no
consequence. It is enough that
the Potter had fashioned him
crudely and then had cast him into the
stream to drift as he might. And the god-
dess of chance, in some caprice, had kept
the frail jar floating, holding its rim just a
little above the threatening surface.

  So Paddy, circling about in the buffeting
eddies of human experience, was carried to
San Francisco, in the days when thousands
of troops set forth in great white] ships to
civilize the Philippine Islands. There, waif
and wanderer, he followed the crowds, earn-
ed a meal when he could, and cheered, on
occasions, as lustily as many a happier
sportsman.

  At last, impelled by a lofty motive, per-
haps, but influenced most, I fear, by the
seductive odor of hot “slum,” sniffed in the
tented camps—for his belt was very loose
—he stopped, one day, before a white-
haired sergeant who stood in an office-door-
way, and pulled off his battered hat.

  “Want to take on?” the sergeant asked.

  “Wot’s that?” countered Paddy warily.

  “Want to enlist?”

  “Oh! I was thinkin’ of ut,” confessed
the wanderer.

  The trained old non-com looked sharply
into the large eyes before him and divined,
among other things, a cunning brain behind

  them. As for Paddy, he read the sergeant’s
  mind and the sergeant knew it. Then both,
  in perfect understanding, grinned as two
  who had seen the world, and the old man
  said—

    “Come in.”

     This is a part of the record signed by the
  major upstairs:

    Nativity, American. Height, 67 inches.
  Age, 23 1-12. Weight, 132 pounds. Occu-
  pation, track-walker. (Whereat the major
  had smiled and the sergeant had glared
  most soberly at the ceiling.) Figure, thin
  but muscular. Hair, red. Eyes, light blue.
  Complexion, pale. Indelible marks, ears very
  prominent; face badly freckled.

    “My boy,” said the major when the ex-
  amination was over, “you’re a bum and we
  don’t want bums. But you have a keen
  head and a good heart. You don’t know
  much, but you can learn. You’ve seen hard
  times, but there is something around that
  big mouth of yours that tells me you’d
  rather give away all you had than steal
  from others. Your eyes are wide awake and
  shrewd, but you’d rather be honest than
  crooked. If you study hard and work hard
  you can go as high in the service as you like.
  I’ll take you on. Hold up your right hand.”
  And that is how Paddy, at last, began a
  definite career and a great adventure, in
  the course of which he committed a mili-
  tary sin, fought for his life with his wits,
  67
68

Adventure

out-Malayed the Malay, rendered his coun-
try a service and ruined the plans of scores
of others, but emerged unscathed himself.

ALL this occurred eight hundred
miles from Manila, far in the south,
in the Visayan town of Sogod. At
that time it was scarcely more than a large
church adjacent to a great convento or par-
ish house, both built of soft, white blocks
of coral rock and set in a wide, green plaza.
The dusky inhabitants, who were short in
stature but big in treachery and the art of
deceit, dwelt in a few narrow streets of
bamboo huts.

  Behind this low, brown settlement, green
hills lifted the many-fingered jungle high
against the sky; and before it spread the
twinkling, steaming sea, white-hot in the
shadowless glare, lapping lifelessly the nar-
row beach just beyond a fringe of coconut
trees. All was very beautiful and very still,
save for the occasional calling of women,
the squeaking of a carabao cart, or, at night,
the wild ululations of fishermen with red,
flaring torches raised in their hands, who
squatted monkey-like upon the upcurved
prows of their swiftly flitting dug-outs.

  Yet there was menace in the prospect,
and death brooded in the quiet. In the
Convento were a company of American sol-
diers, in the mountains a horde of outlaws.
The outward fairness and tranquillity were
but a screen that hid a gulf of barbarism as
wide and deep as the shimmering, sleepy
ocean.

  As for the villagers, they sent food and
taxes to the guerillas, which entirely satis-
fied those Christian murderers, then told
the white men where the bandits were and
craftily led their hike astray. But they
took care always that a few old weapons
were found or that a personal enemy of the
guide was captured to color the deception.
And when the troops toiled back into the
dun, palm-shaded village, red-eyed, mad-
dened with heat, desperate with blacken-
ing thirst and the hopelessness of the chase,
a rabble of anxiously solicitous natives
flanked them and welcomed them with
voluble commiseration.

  “How sad,” they exclaimed, “that the
brave soldados have labored so long in vain!”

  Yet, they thought, is the loot of my broth-
er or my uncle or my cousin or my father,
who is supposed to be dead, or my wife’s
sweetheart still where I can find it?

  “How unutterable that the unspeakables
in the mountains have again escaped!”

  Yet, they argued, how fortunate it is for
us that these stupid pigs do not know that
the colonels or the generals are even now
at cards with the padre and perhaps will
dine today with the Americanos themselves.

  Also the old men hobbled along, wagging
their apish heads in seeming pity. Women
stood in the door-holes of the thatches, si-
lent, indifferent, or glided slipperless across
the bamboo floors to peer, like cows, above
the sills of the window spaces. And every-
where, in the arms of the people or pressed
into gaps among them, were star-eyed, smil-
ing children, suns of hope in a sullen uni-
verse of malice, still pure as the fruit of the
trees. They laughed with the careless joy
of babyhood. Their elders leered inanely,
since they knew the value of a mask.

  Men can not stand this sort of existence
indefinitely. At the end of a year the lack
of amusement, the frightful monotony, the
unrelenting climate and the extreme dis-
couragement that depressed the garrison
had driven many of them close to madness.

  Some bore on grimly, waiting for that
vague day when they should be delivered.
Others sought refuge in vice, and a few died.

  The captain, the lieutenant and the sur-
geon lived in a roomy shack across the plaza.
Life for them was even harder; for anxiety,
official responsibility and the burdens of
administration were added to their other
cares. Paddy was not the least of their
troubles. But they were as lenient with
him as the necessities of discipline allowed,
considering the circumstances under which
they lived.

  There came a time, however, when Lieu-
tenant Bryant appeared for breakfast one
morning in a mood that said, as plainly as
words, that his patience was exhausted.

  “Had to put Private Ruff in confinement
last night,” he explained. “Howling drunk
again in spite of his promises.”

  “Ruff?” queried the captain.

  “He’s that red-headed, big-eared, fly-
specked little devil with the innocent, baby-
blue eyes. The men call him ‘Paddy.’ ”
“Oh, yes! That’s four times in a year.
I’m afraid we shall have to put him before
a general court pretty soon, unless the med-
ico can cure him. How about it, Scotty?
What’s the psychology of it?” With a wink
at Bryant.

  The doctor, a middle-aged contract
The One Sheep That Was Lost

69

surgeon, was, in many respects, an odd mix-
ture of the Old World and the New. His
real name was Maclaren.

  “Well,” he drawled as he slowly stirred
his coffee, “I’m no Keeley-cure man and it
seems to me I’ve had the beggar on my
hands before. From what I recollect, I
think I don’t want him again. But as for
the analysis of his case, I’m thinking it’s
very simple. He spends his leisure in the
native shacks, a-wandering from one to
t’other, according to fancy. And when he
finds congenial surroundings—and he has
good taste in judging the looks of a brown
lass—he thrones himself on a rice-mat and
gets bacchantic.

  “Mind ye, I’m not condoning the offense,
but it might be he’s lonesome. And he has
a deal of thirst and curiosity, which he’s
experimented with for a year till both are
torrid in intensitee. Incidentally he has
learned to talk Visayan in all its classic
beauty, howbeit he did acquire a degraded
dialect of his own language in the stews of

his native land. Consequently-”

  “Hold on, Scotty! Hold on!” laughed
the captain. “That’s enough. What you’re
driving at is that he’s nothing but a com-
mon drunk, but that he may be useful on
account of his knowledge of the local cus-
toms and this cog-and-ratchet language.
Hence, mercy. All right. We’ll let it go
at that. But there are some other things
he will have to learn, too.”

  That was all until the next day. Then,
about noon, a sentry tapped on the sala
door.

  “Prisoner Ruff, sir, wants to talk to the
captain.”

  “What is it about?”

  “Don’t know, sir; says it’s private.”
  “H’m! Send him in.”

  Very humbly, very respectfully, came
Paddy before his commander, who looked at
him a moment silently but not unkindly.
“What is it, Ruff?”

  “I want permission, sir, to go on the hike
tonight.”

  “What do you know about a hike to-
night?”

  “I only heard some talk about it.”
  “You’re a prisoner, Ruff.”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “What do you think I could do with you
on a hike? Do you think I could spare
any men to nurse you into staying sober?
You’re a shame to your company! It’s bad

enough to have you in garrison where other
men have to do your work for you while
you lie drunk in the guard-house. But on
a hike! I can’t do it, Ruff, you’d give out.
You’re no good.”

  “That’s just it, sir,” replied the prisoner
after a pause. “I ain’t no good. I never
was no good. An’ it’s a cinch I ain’t doin’
no good locked up in the mill.”

  “That’s the point, Ruff, exactly.”

  “I’ve told myself all you’ve just told me,
sir, an’ a whole lot more. That’s why I
wanted to see the captain, sir. I ain’t no
groveler nor lookin’ fer no bootlick. But
I’ve cut it out, sir. I want to get out o’
the mill. I want to go on this hike, sir,
an’ I want to make good. S’help me, cap-
tain, I’m goin’ to soldier an’ I’m goin’ to
do it right!”

  The doctor, most gracious of men, cleared
his throat suggestively, almost pleadingly;
and a twinkle lighted the captain’s eyes.

  “Well, Ruff,” he said, “I’ve heard that
sort of talk a good many times before, and
it usually only means a bad case of remorse
that passes off altogether too soon. How-
ever, I’ll give you one chance more, but
only one. That’s all; you’ll be released
later.

  “Well, Scotty, what’s the psychology of
it now? How long will he last?”

  “ ’Bout two weeks, mebbe. It’s hard to
make a deceesion. But the lee tie rascal
makes a strong appeal to the paternal in-
stinct.”

THE bay was red and purple with
the glow of the setting sun, and the
tiny islands far off on the horizon
rose above the sea line, green and blue and
pink, curling their edges up toward the
painted clouds, when “D” Company once
more marched quietly into the jungle. Pad-
dy was with them, vowing to make good;
but the moon sneered at him through the
rattling canes, the huge palms whetted
their fronds derisively against one another,
and the breezes laughed in the leaves.
Everything mocked him.

  But he plodded cheerfully and optimistic-
ally on in his proper place, and all went
well for three days. Then, in the evening,
he was tortured with a frightful thirst. It
was not vino he wanted, though, it was
water.

  They were bivouacked upon the summit
of a ridge; their haversacks for pillows,
70

Adventure

banana-leaves for beds,^ the moonlight for
cover, and rustling fans to whisper dreams.
The brain-fevering day had yielded to the
cool night; and as the voices in the shadows
timidly ventured forth they slept.

  Only Paddy and the guard were still
awake; the one because none knew in what
form death might be crawling upon them
from the valley, the other because his mouth
burned and his tongue was stiff from the
torment he suffered.

  He scooped a hole to accommodate his
hip and so made his earthy bed more com-
fortable. Then he stuffed his hat beneath
the small of his back and thus eased and
shifted his aching body. But no device he
could invent brought either rest or forget-
fulness.

  Later he prowled about among his fel-
lows and examined their canteens. They
were empty. By the embers of the cook’s
fire was a huge can of boiled water, but it
was still scalding hot. It would not be cool
for many hours. Yet he filled his tin cup
from it and lay down again to wait, until it
should be cold enough to drink. Then,
somewhere in the darkness below, a dog
howled, though the tom-toms that had
warned the country of their approach were
long since hushed.

  “Wot’s that?” he wondered. “Some one
cornin’?”

  The sentry paused in his monotonous
round, listening; and Paddy remained mo-
tionless, gazing steadily into the black void
beneath. Suddenly even that seemed to
fade as he looked into it. He lost all sense
of everything. Thirst, the dog, danger and
the hardness of the ground became of no
moment. He was asleep and dreamed that
he was immersed in a great lake, clear and
comforting. He drank until he could hold
no more, but yet he was unsatisfied. Pres-
ently a monstrous beast came down to the
shore and wallowed, then changed to a
spreading sheet of flame so that the whole
surface boiled. He strangled, for he had
drank the fire and it seethed in his throat.

  He sat up choking and reached for his
cup. Either he or the man on post had
knocked it over while he slept.

  “I’ve simply got to have ut,” he groaned,
“or something.”

  The barking had stopped, but a point of
light flickered far down the hillside. He
had not noticed it before. Then it disap-
peared.

  “I’m goin’ after ’t. S’help me, I got to
do ut! I can’t stand ut no more!”

  He slid noiselessly into the underbrush.
Alert, and with the utmost caution, he
groped his way toward where the gleam had
been. Soon he came into a clearing and
there he discovered a well - made hut.
Through the raised flap that marked the
front he saw a young woman within, seat-
ed upon her heels, sorting metal buttons by
the aid of a feeble flame that danced in a
glass of coconut-oil.

  Without the least sign of surprise or any
other emotion, she paused in her work and
stared at him appraisingly.

  “On watch,” concluded Paddy, “an’ sort-
in’ out buttons fer makin’ the ends o’ tin-
can cartridges.”

  “ ’Sus Marie!” she exclaimed at last.

  “Tubig!” he whispered.

  The woman arose softly and brought him
a drink in a dripping coconut-shell from a
jar that stood near the window-gap. He
called for more.

  “Vino? Anisette?’' she suggested cun-
ningly.

  Paddy was not insensible of a warning
that welled up within him, but he was op-
timistic. Besides, one glass wouldn’t hurt
him, he argued, and he needed it, or thought
he did, which is the same thing to those
who wish it to be. So he sinned again, for
the last time.

  It was late the next afternoon when he
awoke. The woman was smoking a cigar
contentedly, apparently unaware even of
his presence. She was huddled upon the
floor fussing with a little fire in a box of
earth, beside which was a pot of rice ready
for the cooking.

  But there were now other visitors; for
two barefooted, slippered men crouched in
a corner, whose enormous, straw hats were
inscribed “Zona 16,” in big, red characters.
On the shoulders of their loose, white coats
were red straps burdened with tin insignia;
and along the seams of their baggy trousers,
red, flannel stripes. Their buttons were
small and brassy, each crudely embossed
with a single star.

  “Two gu - gu generals,” noted Paddy,
stricken immovable.

  Little by little the memory of the night
before came out of the dark fog in the back
of his mind. The details of the present be-
came vivid and real, and he wondered what
time it was. Then he realized that if his
The One Sheep That Was Lost

71

company were near, these two rascals in the
corner would not be sitting there. Evident-
ly the captain had given up searching for
him or had gone in the wrong direction,
which was more probable. A shudder trick-
led down his spine like a drop of cold water.

  “I sure am up against it this time for
fair!” he sighed to himself.

  The woman set the pot of rice upon the
fire, and brought cigarettes for the gener-
als. It was plain that they had not been
there long, for as they smoked she de-
scribed the manner of Paddy’s coming.

  Said one, a surly, ill-natured brute not
good to look upon—

  “He is, no doubt, a Mason and a heretic.”
The other raised his palms, shook his
head and was grave.

  “What shall we do with him?” asked this
one with a deprecatory little smile.

  The first shrugged indifferently.

  “We can not be bothered with prisoners,”
he declared tonelessly.

  The second bowed submissively.

  “True,” he agreed. “But who knows?
We may use him.”

“Then, at least, since he has awakened,
I will secure him. Woman, fetch me a cord!”
But Paddy had no wish to be bound.
“There’s only wan way out,” thought he.
“I’ll have t’ join ’em.”

  He arose leisurely, feigning unconcern.
Then, leaning back against the wall, his
hands in his pockets and his sodden blue
eyes looking from one to the other, he spoke
to them in their own tongue, “in all its
classic beauty,” augmented as it is with
borrowed Spanish.

  “Listen!” he bade them. “The woman
has told you I came alone, of my own will.
Therefore I claim your confidence. Do I
not know the Americanos are even now
searching for me? They will not find me.
They keep to the trails, for they are stu-
pid. I was here within call when they lay
on the crest above us, yet they did not
overtake me. Do I not know you have
eyes in every bamboo, that I could not go
along a dozen barras or cry for help, and
live? I could not leave if I would. You
will not bind me. And there is more. I
have something to say to Pachico.”

  Exactly what he had to communicate was
not at all clear, however, even to himself.

  The ill-tempered one seemed about to
speak, but the mild one checked him with
a sign.

  “What is this you have to say to Pa-
chico?” he asked.

  “There will be great honor for you both
if he knows. Surely it would be unfortun-
ate if one with a secret should be hindered
or fail to arrive. Pachico would hear of it.
He would be offended. I can not tell, now. ”
Over the face of the surly one spread a
look that none who knows the native can
mistake. As the woman glided soundlessly
out, he sprang to his feet, cat-like, his naked
bolo quivering in his grasp.

  “Shall I let this spotted-faced white man,
with hair like hemp and eyes like water,
defy me?”

  The merciful one said gently—

  “Wait, my friend, till tomorrow.”
  “Now!”

  “Certainly,” he said. “But why are you
unwilling that he should speak only with
Pachico? Is it because you would know his
business for yourself?”

  The rabid one settled upon his heels like
one who is felled, his face inscrutable. But
he of the deprecatory little smile seemed
not to notice.

  Paddy sat down, cross-legged, upon the
floor.

  “Phew!” he breathed softly to himself.
“Pretty close! I wasn’t lookin’ fer that,
neither. I see how ut is. Not extry good
friends. Got him that time; Softy did, too.”
His brow was damp but he dared not
wipe it. This was no time to show weak-
ness. But he said no more; for to take ad-
vantage of a point secured, even to signify
perception of the fact, might pique the pride
of even the mild one. Then he would sure-
ly die. But his wits were busy, exceeding-
ly busy, and he wrenched them free from
the grip of the liquor to evolve some plan
for escape.

  Night was descending, and soon the wo-
man returned, puffing her vile weed. She
cast but a glance at Paddy, and though it
may have surprised her to see him living,
she did not show it. She brought the sup-
per from the fire, and the placid one invited
him to eat.

  “Tomorrow,” he said, “you shall report
to Pachico.”

  “It is better tonight,” replied Paddy, not
too insistently, “since it might occur that I
should be bitten by a snake or die of air in
the heart while I sleep. Can you not, ami-
go,” he addressed the sullen one, “despatch
me to Pachico?”
72

Adventure

  But the brute refused to be conciliated.
  “I can not.”

  “Good! Men of our superiority should
not be disturbed. Pardon! You are right.
But there are always the mere soldados.
Surely we can send a message?”

  He of the little smile was obviously in-
terested and studied the American intently,
even admiringly. Paddy had guessed a situ-
ation between these two, a possibility,, and
was striving for the facts.

  “I have no soldiers!” blurted the blood-
thirsty one, a general caught unawares be-
cause he despised his enemy. Then he saw
the trap and grew turgid with rage.

  The gentle one laughed a very little, al-
most with contempt, and shrugged his
shoulders. But he eyed his companion like
a lynx, not once relaxing his watchfulness,
while he spoke to Paddy.

  “You have great intelligence, amigo,” he
said. “I will tell you something. Our
friend, here, is a famous general. But he
does nothing for Pachico and much for him-
self. For that the chief will give him no
men.”

“Diablo!” exclaimed the other, appalled.
“What importance if I tell this man,” de-
manded the calm one softly, but tense, on
guard, as he pretended to misunderstand,
“since you kill him tomorrow?”

  He spoke again to Paddy.

  “Indeed, a few of my friends desire that
he should soon succeed Pachico.”

  Over the pot of rice the hand of the other
hovered, trembling. The woman was light-
ing the wick in the glass of oil; and as it
weakly came to life, Paddy shivered. He
was chilled, like one who waits a promised
specter or dreads momentarily its cold touch
in the darkness. But he understood, now,
or at least appreciated the certainty of
what impended.

  As if an intuition forced his speech, like
pledging allegiance he asked—

  “But you have many other friends?”
“Very many, amigo,” the cool one an-
swered, “you are quick to understand.”

  The sullen one ate of the food in his palm,
then stood. He did not even reach for his
weapon, for the tranquil one was clearly
ready. He looked at the woman, whose
back was toward him as she tinkered at the
fire; at Paddy, oppressed like a watcher who
does not look up in the dark hour of an-
other; and then at his wily, tigerish foe,
who, Judas-like, had dipped with him into

the pot of rice and now attentively enjoyed
the agony of his prey. At last he went
mutely to the door; stared long into the
blackness, and left them.

  He at the rice arose and stepped to the
window. Upon the sill he set the feeble,
flickering flame the woman had provided,
and remained there a moment. Then he
returned with it, a smile on his face and
something in his eyes that turned the heart
to stone.

  “For this I brought him here,” was all
he said.

  Paddy turned away that the creature
might not read his face.

  “Holal Americano! There was mastery
now in the voice, not craft, and Paddy rec-
ognized it.

  “Tell me your business. I, myself, am
Pachico! Will you have proof?”

  “It is enough.” Then, desperately but
with head erect, he uttered whatever his
misery prompted.

  “I came here, as I and the woman have
said, of my own desire. I have foresworn
the Americanos. Four times have they put
me in their prison. Seven months have I
spent there.”

  The listener’s accursed features reflected
no thought, no emotion. But his cunning
understanding would clutch the slightest
flaw, and miss not a single word, though it
spelt life or death for Paddy Ruff.

  “I must speak truth,” hummed in the
pleader’s thoughts, so he lied with the facts.

  “I have no love for their cells nor they
for me. When I go back it must be with
your people or I shall not return. I have a
scheme for effecting this, and I will destroy
my enemies.”

  The other looked evilly upon him, suspi-
ciously, treacherously, as was to be expected.

  “Listen! I know what has passed here.
He who has gone out will not come back.
The lamp in the window showed no more
than a candle among the trees, but it shone
on a long journey. You have many friends.
They saw, and read it for a signal, since it
was for that you brought him here. So will'
it be with me, too, if I displease you. Is it
not so? Therefore I shall obey your com-
mands.”

  “You have spoken of a way to go back
as one of us, to the camp of the Americanos.
What is it?”

  “Wot’ll I say? Wot’ll I say?” implored
Paddy of himself.
The One Sheep That Was Lost

73

  He lurched to his feet and walked slowly
to the water-jar. As he drank he imagined
he could feel the other’s gaze upon him.
Up from his mud-stiffened canvas leggings,
over khaki breeches and dark, blue-flannel
shirt it burned, till it scorched his pallid
face. Then an idea came; not quite formed,
indeed, yet outlined clearly enough for the
present.

  He turned back quickly to Pachico and
smiled at him confidingly. Whenever he
smiled, his red head seemed like a sun of
goodwill and his eyes like wells of trust.

  “I will show you how to take the rifles of
the Americanos and all their stores; the big
chests of salmon, of meats, of cartridges, of
shoes, of clothing and of money that are
piled high in their cuartel; and you can not
fail.”

  The cupidity, the lust of power and of
blood that burned in the monster’s breast
flamed into his cheeks. He let himself an-
ticipate, for a moment, what all this meant
to him. As for the white stranger, who had
too much intelligence, he should certainly
make no trouble when he ceased to be use-
ful. No chances must be taken with such
as he. The little smile played significantly
upon his lips.

  “And you, my friend,” he insinuated al-
most effectionately, “how shall I then hon-
or you?”

  But Paddy had not sat upon the mats of
Sogod so many times in vain.

  “It is true, of course,” he said, “that I
have a motive and something to gain. But
I want neither riches nor authority. I ask
not even that you give me back my rifle, or
that you promise me pay. I shall be con-
tent if I am never more imprisoned. I am
doing this for what they have done to me.
It is for hate, nothing more. Let us dismiss
the woman so that I may show you how it
can be done.”

  She was reclining upon the floor, dozing
contentedly.

  “Go you to Dolores!” commanded Pa-
chico. “Tell my generals that I return to-
morrow. Say nothing of this man. The
General Miguel, so you shall say, is watch-
ing the expedition of the Americanos. You
comprehend?”

  “Senorl” she mumbled, and slipped away
into the gloom.

  “It is thus,” continued Paddy. “We will
send a letter to their thick-headed captain
and proffer our surrender and that of all our

army. We will write that upon a stated
day, let us say the fourth from the letter,
we shall be upon the plaza of Malavista.
There we will lay down our arms. He will
come with his whole army, surely all but a
few, for he knows we are many, so that
there may be a splendid ceremony. But
we shall not be there.

  “He will march with a loud noise of can-
teen and bayonet by the easy trail, for that
is the way they do. We will go by the long
route to Sogod, and we must be there when
the enemy leave. When we can no longer
hear the dogs bark at their coming, then we
will run to the storehouse. The guard must
flee or die. There I will indicate what is
filled and what is empty, where are the
cases of arms and where the money, so that
we can quickly retreat to the mountains.

  “On the way we will destroy them from
the summits above the road, in a place from
which there is no escape, with their own ri-
fles. I shall secure my vengeance, and you
may give me what else you will. I shall be
content and you shall be master.”

  “But our troops have tried such strategy
before,” objected Pachico, “and the Ameri-
canos have always eluded us or done some
queer thing that none but pigs would think
of.”

   “It is for this reason,” explained Paddy.
“You do not know their ways nor their
manner of fighting. For example, has it
not happened, when you have rushed upon
them with the bolo so quickly they could
not use their guns, that they have thrown
these down and beaten your men with their
fists? If you had known, you could have
prevented this and killed them all when
often you destroyed but a few. Yet your
soldiers are brave as any in all the world.

   “Let us take a short time and first teach
the army how those people fight and what
their tactics are. Also, when we strike, I
can tell you from the signs about the bar-
racks what is their design when they de-
part. Thus there will be no error, since we
shall know as much as they, and we can
not lose.”

  “I will think of this,” Pachico said.
“To-morrow I will hold a council. Let us
sleep.”

   “A cigarette, I beg of you.”

   “You have it,” the general answered, pro-
ducing a package hastily and graciously, as
might an Oriental prince for an honored
guest.
74

Adventure

UPON the following morning they
set out to join the army. This con-
sisted of seven generals subordinate
to Pachico, many colonels, and a progress-
ively increasing number of lieutenant-colo-
nels, majors, captains and lieutenants. In
all there were about two hundred; but the
predominance of officers was of slight con-
sideration, since there was little semblance
of organization. Rank merely determined
the share of pillage each received.

  The day was well advanced when Paddy
was led before the owners of this opera
boujje, and they glared at him exultingly, a
real American captive, as they lolled be-
neath the coco-palms and idled the steam-
ing hours away with monte and cigarettes.

  It was not proper that officers such as
they should sit with those of lower grade,
for those were only fighters, and generals
have greater things to do. So, farther back
in the shady grove, the majors, the captains
and the subalterns loafed and gambled like
their betters, except that the stakes were
smaller; while here and there was only a
soldado, a link in the chain that signaled
news across the island by tom-tom, fire and
sturdy runner, or watched the trails from a
perch in the miry rice-fields or the top of a
swinging tree.

  The generals scowled at Paddy; and then,
since their lord was silent, they turned again
to bet on the ace of baslos. But when they
had tired of the game or the bankers had
won their all, Pachico called them to him
when the siesta hour had come and gone,
and told them, in flowery words, the his-
tory and the offer of the intelligent Ameri-
can.

  “What is the name of this foreigner?”
croaked an ancient whose lineaments were
seamed like a monkey’s.

  “It is one not hard to pronounce,” replied
the chief. “It is Paddy R-ruff.”

  “Are you that Paddy,” another asked,
“who visits so much with our people of So-
god?”

  “I am,” admitted he, seating himself on
the grass among them.

  “It is as I thought. He is that one of
whom the priest has spoken. I, myself,
have often seen him in the Iiendas, drink-
ing.”

  “And I also,” said the old man. “We
know of him favorably. We have even
talked with him in Sogod.”

  But another spoke more cautiously.

  “It is well planned,” conceded he, “but
how are we to know that the infidels will
leave the doors unlocked?”

  “It is thus,” submitted Paddy. “They
think the guard sufficient. They have never
turned the locks, for the doors are heavy
and hard to close. Yet, if they do, I know
where the keys are hung.”

  “But they may not go out,” another ob-
jected.

  “That we can see from the heights. But
they will, for the captain will desire the
great glory of this surrender.”

  “And our friend the Americano, what
does he desire?” one other asked. “Shall
he have a command?”

  “As the council wish,” replied Paddy,
raising his palms and shrugging. “But I
am content to be simply a drill-master; or,
better still, our leader’s minister of war.
Otherwise, some captain might be jealous
that one so newly come should be so soon
promoted, and an accident to me might
then deprive you of your victory.”

  He had no mind to follow a certain Miguel
recently suspected of ambition, yet he de-
sired to hold some sort of dignified position
that he might not be slain in mere contempt.

  To have a minister of war was pleasing
to them, for they had heard of such an offi-
cer who, in Spain, was a grand man. But
to none had it ever been related that he
held a post in battle, nor was there any
precedent by which to establish his share
of spoils.

  Therefore, until now, no one had wished
a place among them so void of either glory
or remuneration, even though it doubtless-
ly commanded high respect. Consequently,
if the white man, who craved no fame and
coveted no profit, since the Americanos are
all rich, would be satisfied with a portfolio,
it was excellent, they agreed, that the com-
mander should have him upon his staff.
And Pachico, who had said no word
throughout the council, approved, since it
was in his thoughts to do this very thing.

  “Then let us begin at once. And if, to-
morrow, you will give me pens, ink and
paper, I will write a manual of drill for all
the captains, whom I, myself, will instruct
in it.”

  A trifle dubiously they acquiesced, and
from that time on, the order of their days
was drill.

  They raided helpless villages no more, nor
burned nor looted. Only they still exacted
The One Sheep That Was Lost

75

tribute of money, provisions and cloth, since
these were necessary. They made their
quarters, for greater comfort, in a barrio of
Dolores, where Paddy was given a shack to
himself, as became a minister of war, in
which were a bamboo bed, a chair, and a
small, rectangular table.

  They posted guards on the paths and the
hilltops, and lookouts watched by day
and by night to see that nothing disturbed
the generals, and, especially, the minister
of war. He was assigned, also, a captain
for aide, to fetch and to carry; for it was
better, they said, that he, a white man,
should not be exposed too much to the sun
by day or the jungle mists at night.

  He thanked them very heartily, pretend-
ing not to understand; and hour after hour
spread out a kind of “school of the com-
pany” on many sheets of paper.

  But he trained them and wrote for them
during all those wearying sittings not to
make soldiers of the ruffians, but to gain
time and to win their confidence. The suc-
cess of the plan that had suggested itself so
hazily at first, required not only the faith of
his captors but also the cooperation of his
countrymen. For that reason he had pro-
posed the letter of surrender, which, he in-
tended, should be solely a device to carry a
message of his own.

  The great difficulty was to write one
communication within another in such a
way as to be detected by his captain but
not by the insurrectos.

  As he labored at his little table over the
lessons for his masters, this problem formed
his principle study. He considered and re-
jected various schemes. Eventually he re-
membered that “Big Bill” Schindel and
“Teaser” Ritter had plotted most reprehen-
sible things under the very noses of the po-
lice, with the help of an invisible ink com-
pounded of onion-juice mixed with milk and
water. The knowledge had nearly cost him
dear, for he had carried some of the mis-
sives before the double nature of the cor-
respondence had been discovered. He de-
cided that it would be easy to apprise the
captain of the two-fold structure of the let-
ter, and concerned himself with securing
the ingredients.

  To this end he shivered one day as he
stood on the parade with Pachico, watch-
ing the drill. The fellow expressed an-
xiety.

  “It is nothing,” Paddy explained, casting

 a woful look at the skies as he hunched his
 shoulders and chattered his teeth. “The
 night-dews give me rigors at times, which
 stay in my bones till the sun brings them
 out. If only I had onions and the milk that
 is sold in cans, I should never be troubled;
 or so, at least, it was when I lay in the jail
 of Sogod.”

   “ ’Sus!” exclaimed Pachico. “If that is
 all, you shall have them. I will ask the
 padre in Sogod for onions, which he can pro-
 cure from the heretics there; for they are
 on excellent terms, as you know. And, as
 for the milk in cans, the Spaniard here in
 Dolores shall furnish all you require.”
 Indeed, these remarkable essentials to a
 cure were not long in arriving; and though
 there is no explanation of the fact, either
 empiric or rational, yet it is undeniable that
 when they had been received Paddy quaked
 no more. He also took pains to write, each
 day, only as much as could be learned upon
 the next; for he knew they would soon lose
 patience, and he felt that a manuscript re-
 pudiated would confess the looseness of his
 hold upon them.

    As a matter of fact, in about three weeks
 the steps began to lag, the hands to slouch
 and their enthusiasm to cool perceptibly.
 Paddy went at once to Pachico, whose zeal
 was waning like his men’s.

    “I come to you,” he said, “as your minis-
 ter of war, to announce that the army is
 prepared.”

    “It is well,” approved the general, more
 cordial than he had been for some time be-
 fore. “Also I am sensible of much improve-
 ment in their art. Tonight I will consult
 the council.”

    Paddy returned to his shack and stretch-
 ed himself upon the bamboo bed. His aide
 sprawled upon a rice-mat under the win-
 dow-hole, asleep.

   But the unhappy prisoner took no heed
 of him. The moment had come when he
 must make the last move between himself
 and his own kind. It was only a little way,
 but if he fell there would be none to raise
 him.

    He was afraid. So cunningly had he plot-
 ted, so skilfully had he dissembled, so severe
 had been the strain, that the very prospect
 of fulfilment conjured up doubts and called
 forth terrors from his imagination. Reac-
 tion like this was inevitable. In an uncer-

•	tain way he knew it and that the mood
 would pass. Yet he had baited a trap with
76

Adventure

a massacre, to lure devils, and wagered his
life on an untried gin.

  “But they’ll kill me anyhow,” he rea-
soned in his own poor dialect, “an’ I got t’
do ut. It’s a chanst.”

  “Four-flushin’ I am,” he continued in si-
lent deliberation, “an’ if any one calls me,
I’m gone. Cut off me hands an’ me feet,
mebbe, an’ bury me t’ the neck in a hill of
ants.”

THE siesta hour was over. His as-
sistant stirred, then awoke, and seat-
ed himself in the doorway, smoking,
looking out at nothing. But Paddy re-
mained where he was, his hands behind his
ruddy, unkempt head, his ankles crossed in
an attitude of ease, his blue eyes dim with
worry, trying to predict and to provide
against such difficulties as he had not yet
foreseen. In the meantime, one by one, the
minutes fluttered by and night slowly ad-
vanced upon them.

  The rice-pots were steaming and the army
clustered round them, while the yellows,
the greens and the pinks of sunset dulled
to a copper glow. He heard the evening
babble; sometimes a deep-chested grunt, or
a shrill, falsetto argument that invariably
ended in a high-pitched, even-toned, long-
breathed “ah-h-h” that meant contempt,
derision or a challenge, as one chose. There
were laughter and muttering.

  The native went out for the eight-o’clock
meal. Paddy forsook his couch, with sweat-
ing palms and chill brow, to explore the
gaps in the nipa walls for spying eyes.
Then, with trembling fingers, he lighted his
primitive lamp, tiptoed softly with it to the
table, and cast the die.

  First, he opened a can of milk and drank
nearly all of it. Then he crushed an onion
into the residue. He added a dash of water
and strained the mixture, as best he could,
into a sea-shell which he used for a paper-
weight.

  With this unusual fluid he indited a note
to his captain. It was not very long, and
covered less than one side of a sheet of pa-
per. He made several copies, and when
they were dry, laid them all, blank sides up,
on top of the pile from which he had taken
them. The words could not be seen, at
least in the faint, wavering light of his
room.

  Afterward he washed the shell, but left
the empty tin and the refuse to testify that

he had eaten, in case the observant warden
should manifest solicitous curiosity.

  And now, with good India ink of the
land, he wrote an offer of capitulation on
the clean surface of the uppermost page, in
very fair Visayan, free from hidden mean-
ing or doubt-inspiring mark.

  He worked swiftly, and when his inmate
returned, appeared to be dozing again. The
master had finished his sena, the latter re-
ported, and had summoned the seven to his
house. The ministro was expected, also.
Paddy arose and obeyed, with a primal
prayer to an unknown God welling up in his
heart.

  He saluted the seven gravely, and sta-
tioned himself beside Pachico’s chair.

  “I return to you, my General,” he said
with a profound bow, “what is left of my
writing materials; for since the drill is fin-
ished, I need them no more.”

  So naturally as to make it seem quite ac-
cidental, he laid his papers upon a pile in
front of Pachico. He retained only the com-
pleted despatch.

  “Gracias!” murmured the chief. “While
you were coming we discussed the campaign
once more. Have you, perhaps, something
further to recommend?”

  “Nothing. We are ready. I have also
prepared the letter, to save your excellency
trouble, as a ministro should. If it is not
good there are the means before you to say
what you will.”

  “Read it.”

  Paddy, who had remained standing, shift-
ed his weight to one foot and raised the
document in both hands while he read:

To the Commandante Militar residing in Sogod.
Very Respected Senor:

   Believing that the welfare of our beloved country
so demands, and that peace under the powerful Uni-
ted States is better than a hopeless warfare for our
independence, we hereby propose freely, though
with painful sorrow, to surrender upon the plaza of
Malavista on the afternoon of the fourth day that
follows the present.

  Most obediently we kiss your hands.

  He passed it to Pachico, who scrutinized
it closely, his eyes illumined as if to burn a
secret from the very pulp. So, too, each of
the seven scanned it and a few glanced
casually at the other side.

  “Is it sufficient?” inquired Paddy. “Or
shall another be written?”

  “It will serve. It is as well done as that
of Capile, who relinquished his command on
The One Sheep That Was Lost

77

Panay last year. Doubtless you saw it in
the prints.”

  “I have read it.”

  “Let us sign this.”

  “But wait!” objected one. “We know,
surely, that the Americanos do not kill if
that can be avoided. Yet, if we all sign
and the enterprise fails, it may not after-
ward be convenient for us to visit Sogod,
and our families may be incommoded.”

  “It is true,” agreed Paddy.

  Now, it was not open to argument that
any instructions he wished to give his cap-
tain would have to be in English; and that
could be accomplished only in his signature.
He had reviewed all possible obstacles to
this during his meditations. He had con-
trived a method to meet every emergency
pertaining to it. Not until he was sure he
could warn his own officers had he conceded
his readiness for the undertaking. He had
hoped for this particular protest, and was
prepared to make it himself. But it pleased
him more to have another interpose. He
stooped to adjust a lacing upon his tattered
shoes to hide his satisfaction.

  “Let Pachico,” he resumed, “whose name
they already know, alone ratify it for him-
self and his forces; and that the act may be
official, let it be attested by the minister of
war. Such is the mode of authorities.”
“You, Americano! Carrambal No! Your
name will provoke distrust. Do you tell us
they will believe that you, a deserter in time
of war, would involuntarily give yourself up
to death?”

  The old man who hurled this bomb con-
sidered a moment, and then, as the minister,
who had expected this, was about to speak,
a light seemed suddenly to break upon him.

  “Pig!” he grunted. “There is'more in
this than we suspect. Either you and they
have planned this thing in a way we have
not perceived, or you blunder. It is not
that, for you have great intelligence. For
eso! It is a hoax! Americano, is it not so?”
For an instant Paddy nearly staggered.
The little smile hovered upon Pachico’s lips.

  “Do you not understand,” he replied,
“that the Americanos have stupid ideas
about such things? For example, among
your soldiers are a few who have been taken
by them and then released. Nor have I
heard that they have executed a deserter in
this war. Will they not suppose that I am
aware of their beliefs since I was once as
they are? They will say, ‘He has induced

them to come in, for he prefers our prison
to the high places of the Philippines, pun-
ishment in his own land to banishment for-
ever. And he hopes, by this, to atone for
his crime.’ So will they think and thus will
they say. You are wrong, as you will see if
you reflect upon it.”

  “Indeed,” said Pachico, “he speaks in
good sense. If our scouts at any point de-
tect a danger, we can still retire even at the
very town. 1 will yet try this. But if there
is a mistake or aught we can not understand,
the Americano must die. Is it not just?”

  It was a strange word for this man to use
who had dipped into the rice-pot with a
comrade in order to destroy him, but the
others answered simply—

   “Jus to!”

  “Then I will complete this and the
Ministro shall witness it.”

  While the seven maintained a somber si-
lence, Pachico affixed his signature, majes-
tically as an emperor. Then he deferred to
Paddy, who leaned over his shoulder and
wrote in an awkward scrawl:

Warmothcrside Ruff,

Ministro de Guerra,

Zona 16.

  Paddy straightened up, well content.
But unexpectedly the familiar curve twisted
Pachico’s mouth and he extended the letter
again to the council.

  “Carrajo!” sputtered one. “This is not
the name he gave us!”

  “That was easy to speak. This is not
even to be read!”

  “Nor is there a ‘P’ for a beginning! It is
some character that is neither Visayan nor
Spanish!”

  Out of the mystery grew suspicion, then
threats. There is small room for duplicity
where even truth is doubted. But Paddy
made one more stand, hoping to deceive
them only a little longer. It was not intel-
lect that guided him now, it was the instinct
of a man at bay.

  “Basta!” he shouted, stamping his foot as
if in anger. “Why dispute? The name I
gave you is but a nickname given me by
the infidels. This is my own. Shall I not
use it in a message of dignity? It is clear
that you have lost your confidence in me.
Be it so! I am tired of trying to please you.
I will have no more to do with it. Kill me,
since that appears to be your wish. Let us
end it. But blame yourselves alone if you
78

Adventure

spend your lives in the poverty of the out-
side. Come! Decide!”

  He paused, standing beside Pachico, one
hand gripping the table, the fingers of the
other plucking absently behind him at a
seam in his clothing. It was hard to die
when everything had promised to end so
well. All he craved of Heaven, now, as he
looked questioningly from one to the other,
was that the end might be sudden and the
manner of it merciful.

  But he had unconsciously appealed to
their greed when argument would not have
moved them. Pachico took a gambler’s
chance.

  “Let it be as he says,” he decreed, “since
we choose our own trail.”

  The malcontents assented, distrustful,
like their master; but good gamesters also,
as rogues should ever be.

  Thus it came to pass that a courier left,
early in the morning, for Sogod. They still
talked of the missing soldier there, and
many a hunt had the captain led through
brush and cogon grass till famine and fever
beat him back again. Some affirmed that
the one they sought was an excellent rid-
dance. But they all vowed, nevertheless,
whenever they trod the wilds, to kill a hun-
dred for Paddy if they found his bones.

  “He was a man of our company,” said
they, “worthless or not is no matter. But
if he deserted, God help him when we get
him!”

  It happened, upon a night of rest, that
the captain was puzzling over a rumor the
natives had spread, which asserted, in sub-
stance, the design of the hillmen to yield.
And while he was wondering if Paddy were
with them, and if so, what he was doing,
one of the guard presented himself.

  “There’s a gu-gu here, sir, on some kind
of errand.”

  A mud-smeared, bare-footed cutthroat,
clad in airy clothing loosely woven of coarse
hemp, his broad, straw hat in his hand, pat-
tered in and gave the captain a letter.
“H’m! Can’t read it.”

  “Visayan?” queried the lieutenant.
“Uh-hu! Hello! What d’ye think of
this? It’s from Ruff!”

  He entrusted it to Bryant and summoned
the sentry.

“Take that man to the company kitchen,
give him a meal and hold him until further
orders. Tell the first-sergeant I want him.”
The sergeant came, and with many a

frown and a ponderous pause, translated the
momentous lines. He was not the scholar
in this work that Paddy was, perhaps be-
cause he had learned in a slower school.
But he did very well.

  “That’s all, sergeant,” the captain said.
“Say nothing about this and caution the men
not to discuss that gu-gu around town.”
“What do you make of it?” he asked when
they were alone.

  “Looks fishy,” averred the lieutenant.
“That little red-head has taken up with
them, apparently, and I suppose he’s try-
ing to get square, by an ambush, for the
hours he’s done in the mill.”

  “Well, that may be so, of course,” the
captain admitted, “but I can’t believe it.
There’s one thing I’ll bank on in Ruff’s
case. There’s no yellow streak in him,
whatever else may be said of him. How
about it, Scotty?”

  The doctor shook his head in perplexity.
“It may be as the captain says. The
vagabond’s forever blundering into trouble,
but he always gets out with a whole slcin,
whatever may happen to others. He’s one
of those seraphically serene individuals who
scatter misfortune around them in cherubic
innocence, but usually die peacefully and
painlessly in their beds at a ripe old age.
One must have a sense of humor to handle
him, I’m thinking. In this instance, if he’s
in sore straits again, mind ye I don’t state
it for a fact, but it might be it is not his
own people that will pay the piper.”

  “Well,” mused the captain, “perhaps you
are right. But if those chaps really mean
to quit, there’s no reason why they can’t
just as well come here as for us to go to
Malavista.”

  Bryant nodded in approbation.

  “That’s what I think. If it’s business,
they’ll come.”

  “I’ll try them on that basis, at any rate.
If your idea of an ambush is correct we can
avoid it in that way; and in any case, we’ll
discover what truth there is in the proposi-
tion.”

  He sat down and began to compose an
answer in Spanish. Presently he stopped.

  “I believe you are right, Bryant. Fur-
thermore, I’ll bet that Ruff never wrote it.
He would have done it in English, if he
and they were in collusion and had meant it
for what it purports to be. If they were
sincere they would have had nothing to fear
from his using his own language. It’s a
Tlu- One Sheep That Was Lost

79

subterfuge of some sort. Another thing.
Diil you notice the signature? ‘Ruff’ is
there all right, but the given name is a jum-

  "Let me see it again.”

  All three studied it carefully. After a
while Bryant smiled.

  “Do you get this?” He separated the
words with pencil-marks.

  No one spoke for a moment.

  “I see two possible combinations,” an-
nounced the captain, “but one is too cryptic
to have any significance. I take it he is
telling us to apply heat to the back of this
thing.”

  “I have heard of such tricks,” affirmed
the doctor. “It might not be foolish to try
it.”

  He did so. At first nothing happened.
Then, faintly but by degrees more plainly,
there, developed this appeal in sepia-colored
characters.

C'APTEN, Sir:

  I did not desert. I will tell you how it was if I
ever get home. Plese go out on the Malavista trail
just as it says, only it’s a fake, an’ wait dose. I
told them you wud all go out an’ then we wud jump
the convenio. Plese rig a strong bar acrost the out-
side ov the main store-room doors an’ leve it all
open but no chow. If you do this capten I will do
the rest an’ wen you see them go in comc quick. If
you do not do this it’s me for the ant-hills capten
plese.	Very respectful,

Private Ruff.

  “Phew!” exhaled the captain in a whis-
per of awe and realization. “That’s some
nerve!”

  “Aye!” commended the doctor. “Adver-
sity sharpens the wits, that her child, Neces-
sity, may be satisfied. ’Tis some compen-
sation, I'm thinking, for one who is knocked
about the world, that he becomes more
clever than the rest of us.”

  “You’ll do it?” demanded Bryant almost
defiantly. “He’s got death before and be-
hind him, captain.”

  “I’ll follow him to the dot, if I lose my
commission. We'll start work tonight, Bry-
ant, getting things quietly arranged in the
convenio. Suppose you look after that, bear-
ing in mind the fact that they may finish
Ruff and get away.”

  “How about the town?”

  “Oh! They know what Pachico is figur-
ing on, already. You can bank on that.
Don’t think there’ll be any of them around.
They know him too well to go after any-
thing he wants to loot. I’ll leave a volun-

teer guard for a blind, with directions to
run when the gu-gus appear. They can
stop the padre, also, if he comes prying
around.”

  “Mon,” declared the doctor in some agi-
tation, “I was never strong for the hero
work. The sick must go too.”

  The messenger left that very evening and
reached Pachico’s camp early the next fore-
noon.

  The heart of Paddy sang when he heard
the answer read, for his wise captain guaran-
teed pardons for all, because of their volun-
tary renunciation of hostilities.

  This settled all doubts among the seven,
who beamed on Paddy almost worshipfully.

  Notwithstanding, lest some mischance
occur, he begged more paper for writing or-
ders during the march, and so obtained pos-
session of all that he had used.

  At the proper time, when the morning
breezes shook the] dews from the palms, a
full company of American soldiers evacuated
Sogod and disappeared on the Malavista
trail. The town seemed to be deserted.

  Simultaneously, the red head of Paddy
Ruff protruded through the thicket on the
hilltop opposite.

  “He has taken them all, my general, as I
predicted. The dogs bark no more. Let
us hum’.”

  Swiftly they descended from the heights,
a gleeful mob, and ran down the empty
highway straight for the stone convenio.

  The volunteer guard fired wildly at noth-
ing in particular, and fled for their lives.

  “The stores, Americano!” howled Pachico.
“In which of the vaults are the stores and
the money?”

  “In there, quick!” sobbed Paddy, who
halted at the great doors.

  Then, into the deep, high, lower story
pushed and writhed and crowded the loot-
mad Malays. And when the last had wrig-
gled in, Paddy crashed the heavy barriers
together and dropped the long, strong bar
into place.

  All hell could not equal the screams of
the demons shut into those walls. They
hacked at the massive entrance and pried
at the window-gratings. But Paddy ran
toward the jungle as man had seldom sped
before; and far away, or so, at least, it
seemed to him, were coming his own good
people at double time and in perfect order.

  “I’ve made good, captain!” he pleaded,
and fell in a faint at their feet.
psyckolo^

And Coppei*

©

c .Tuttle^

Author of "Magpie's Nightbear,” “When Oscar Went Wild,” etc.

SCIENTIFIC prospectin’ has its
merits,” announced Ike Har-
per, as he climbed out of the
gopher-hole and sat down be-
side me on a boulder and filled his pipe, “but
fool luck has uncovered more bonanzas than
science.

  “Now, there was ol’ Jerry Sullivan’s
burro went skatin’ down th’ hill' off th’
trail one day and slid th’ coverin’ off th’
Silver Cross, which made uh millionaire outa
Jerry. Hen Berry accidentally fired his six-
shooter into th’ ground oncet and uncov-
ered one of th’ richest gold veins in th’ State.
Yuh can talk science till .yer tongue hangs
out, but if yuh ain’t lucky yuh never hit it
rich. Do yuh happen to know uh elongated
person named Magpie Simpkins?”

  I replied that I had never had that plea-
sure.

  “Pleasure!” he snorted. “No, I reckon
nobody ever did. Let me tell yuh why.

      “MAGPIE was uh scientific pros-
pector. He could take uh piece uh
rock and tell yuh jist what it con-
tained and why it contained said constitu-
ents. Mineralogy was an open book to that
jasper, and because of it he never made uh
strike.

  “But he didn’t merely go in fer prospect-
in’. That person was loco on anything
except work. I reckon he had tried nearly
everything. First he went in fer hypnot-
ism. Not havin’ uh likely subject, he tried
it on uh wildcat. I reckon he forgot to tell
th’ cat what it meant. He got loose from
th’ cat and th’ hypnotism thing at th’ same
time.

  “Next he goes in for—wait uh bit; I’m
gittin’ ahead of my yam. You asked about
th’ de-funct Copper King mine uh while
ago, and as that is part of th’ story I’ll con-
nect it all up.

  “Me and Magpie has these two claims

80
Psychology and Copper

81

here on Plenty Stone Creek which look
promisin’, and we’re figgerin’ that maybe
we can git some one to buy us out. Magpie
has been down to Piperock after grub, and
when he comes back he’s got uh proposi-
tion.

  “I knowed all th’ time that we hadn’t
ought to let uh third party into our outfit,
but Magpie argues that uh captalist like
this feller, Peters, will help smooth our trail
uh heap, and bein’ right on th’ ground he
can land us uh buyer.

 “Peters was uh queer cuss. He was
about knee-high to uh tall Injun, and
spent his spare time tryin’ to cultivate
hair on his face. He wore uh little brown
derby hat, and it had uh nervous way
uh wigglin’ around on top of his head
when he was talkin’. He didn’t have no
chin to speak of—jist sort a slid away
from his lower lip. He had money and
uh thirst fer th’ great West, so he comes
to Piperock and opens an office—mines
and real estate.

  “Mebby he’s kumtux to th’ real estate,
but on mines he don’t show uh trace. He
has six little books on mineralogy which he
reads continually; and when uh feller has to
consult uh book every time he sees uh piece
uh rock he’s in th’ same class with th’ jasper
who opens th’ Home Doctor book every
time he feels off color—he shore finds
symptoms of everything.

  “Me and Magpie needs uh grub stake fer
our Winter work if we don’t sell out, and
bein’ as Peters is plumb wild to be uh mine
owner we lets him buy uh third interest in
our claims.

 “As Magpie remarks—‘He comes uh
stranger and we takes him in.’

  “I ain’t strong fer Peters, but after livin’
with Magpie all these years I don’t shy at
any ordinary freak.

  “Now, Magpie has been plumb rational
fer several months, and I’m beginning to
think he’s sort a outgrown his love fer
something new in th’ scientific line, but I’m
wrong. It’s only uh sort a ‘Not dead but
sleepin” proposition, ’cause one'day Magpie
pilgrims in from Piperock with uh pack-
load uh black-covered books.

  “I shore recognizes th’ symptoms and
goes up to Tellurium Woods’ cabin and
bunks with him that night. Tellurium is
workin’ uh copper prospect which he calls
th’ ‘Copper King,’ and when I tells him why
I’m there he welcomes me openly—him

and Magpie ain’t jist what you’d call
friendly.

  “Th’ next mornin’ I sneaks home cau-
tious like, and when I comes in range I
knows that it’s workin’. Magpie is oratin’
out loud, with nobody to listen except th’
pack burros. Right there I quotes Gen-
eral Sherman, but don’t mention war a-tall.
He quits cold when he sees me and fer th’
next few days he surrounds himself with
cigarette butts and mystery.

  “About this time Peters makes good.
He ain’t never been up to see our property
—I reckon it’s ’cause we ain’t got no bawth-
room—but he gits his rope on one Alfred
Myron Cowgill, of Boston, Massachusetts,
and sends him up to look it over.

  “Alfred knows all about mines—havin’
been educated fer th’ ministry—and he
finds out that we’ve got th’ finest piece uh
property he ever seen. Copper pyrites
shore makes uh hit with people who don’t
sabe free gold, and after uh little pow-wow
we sells Alfred our prospect hole and good-
will fer five thousand dollars cash.

  “Alfred announces that he’s got to go
back East fer uh while, and he hires me and
Magpie to sort a keep people from pesti-
catin’ around on his property, and probably
runnin’ off with some of his nice yellow py-
rites. We’re uh heap obliged to Peters,
cause this money will make possible uh prop-
osition we’ve argued uh heap uh times.
Old Sourdough Johnson’s got uh claim about
three miles over th’ south fork, which he
calls th’ ‘Daylight,’ and me and Magpie
have laid awake nights tryin’ to figger out
how to seperate him from his location.

  “Johnson ain’t on th’ lead and never will
be where he’s workin’, but one day we’re
cornin’ across th’ claim and find th’ real
lead. Sticks right out in th’ middle of th’
claim and she shore is rich. Uh course
we don’t tell anybody—not even Peters.
We’re folks that mind our own business
thataway.

  “But Magpie is too much absorbed with
his books to even consider uh minin’ deal.
He sits there half th’ night by th’ light of
uh candle and prospects them books. He
won’t eat a-tall. Jist sits there and peruses
them books with uh ‘Cease yer worldly
cares’ look on his face. I’m uh heap curious
to know what’s in ’em, but won’t show it
enough to pick one up. I know I’ll find out
all about ’em jist as soon as Magpie gits his
system full.
82

Adventure

“SOMEBODY tells Tellurium about
our sale and he comes down to
congratulate us. He’s plumb lame
with rheumatism, and after th’ usual words
have been spoken he complains on his afflic-
tion uh heap.

  “ ‘What you needs, Tellurium,’ remarks
Magpie, and I’m pleased to hear his voice
once more, ‘is uh touch of psychology.’

  “ ‘Ain’t I got enough?’ snaps Tellurium.
‘Rheumatics and plumbago and—shucks! I
kain’t stand much more.’

  “ ‘Mr. Woods, yore powers uh perception
are limited to sourdough bread and low-
grade ore,’ states Magpie, markin’ th’ place
in his book and reachin’ fer another. ‘Yore
ideas of science don’t go beyond throwin’
uh diamond hitch and th’ correct way to
hold yer knife when yuh eats pie.

  “ ‘Remember this—’ he shakes his finger
at Tellurium and rolls uh smoke one-
handed—‘I’m not discoursin’ on diseases.
I’m touchin’ on th’ grandest subject on
earth—science of th’ mind, before which all
diseases vanish like iron pyrites in boilin’
nitric. You ain’t got nothin’ th’ matter
with yuh a-tall. It’s jist uh lazy streak in
yore subconscious mind.’

  “ ‘As I was sayin’ before this interrup-
tion,’ remarks Tellurium, ‘as I was sayin’,
Ike, th’ Lord made uh big mistake. Yuh
shore got to agree with me that it was an
error on His part when He wished long ears
and uh brayin’ voice on uh perfectly inno-
cent jackass, and let some people I know
resemble uh human bein’.’

  “Tellurium is uh big hulk of uh man, and
Magpie ain’t what you’d call uh runt; so
after watchin’ it uh while I pries ’em apart
with uh pick-handle. They arbitrates
what’s left of th’ battle and smoke uh peace
pipe. When Tellurium hikes back up th’
trail home, I notices that his limp is plumb
gone.

  “ ‘That’s psychology, Ike,’ states Magpie.
‘He comes down uh cripple and we sends
him home whole. Great stuff, Ike. Now
jist let me read yuh one little chapter out

loud and I’ll bet-’

  “I didn’t hear it ’cause I’m on my way
down to th’ pitch stump after kindlin’-wood.
One Winter me and him was snowed in up
in th’ Cceur d’Alenes, and Magpie finds uh
copy of th’ Congressional Record.

  “Since then nobody can read out loud to
me.

  “ ‘Laziness covers uh multitude uh sins,’

announces Magpie, while we’re eatin’ sup-
per that night. ‘Tellurium states that he’s
only drivin’ uh foot uh day. Now, Ike, no
man can ever live long enough to develop
uh copper mine at that rate. With th’ help
of psychology he can drift three feet uh day
in that formation.’

  “ ‘Well, mebby,’ I sort of agrees. ‘I don’t
know th’ power of this element yuh claim
to have corraled, but I do know Tellurium,
and I’m here to state that uh foot uh day is
hy-iu driftin’ fer him.’

  “Magpie peruses his book some plentiful
before he opens up again.

  ‘“Ike, I’ll bet yuh uh hundred dollars that
I can have Tellurium drivin’ three feet uh
day inside of uh week. I aims to sort of
work on his imagination through th’ ele-
ments uh psychology. Enervate his sub-
conscious mind, sabeV

  “ ‘I passes th’ sabe part,’ I replies, ‘but
I’ll take that bet. Yuh might practise on
that he-burro now, Magpie. He’s been
standin’ there under that tree since noon.
Reckon he’s sick or jist lost his appetite?’
“ ‘Both, I reckon,’ replies Magpie. ‘But
science of th’ mind won’t help any in his
case ’cause he’s done ate up yore Sunday
overalls and two pair uh yore wool socks.’
“Th’ next day I goes down to Granite to
have a talk with Peters about this Daylight
Mine deal. Me and Magpie had decided
not to tell Peters how good it is, ’cause uh
hombre like him is jist as apt to talk as not.
We don’t want ourselves to show in th’ deal
’cause Johnson might suspect our motives.
Uh feller like Peters looks like uh sucker,
and mebby Johnson will make him uh good
price.

  “Peters swells out his chest and his little
derby does uh tango on his head when I
puts it up to him. He sure thinks he’s an
expert. I tells him that it’s uh likely lookin’
prospect and to shoot th’ hull roll if he has
to.

  “Him bein’ some elated I borrows uh
hundred from him and goes over to Helena
for uh week, leavin’ Magpie to his books. I
figgers that we can make uh large piece uh
money out of th’ Daylight without much
development work, and I sings uh care-free
song while I scatters that hundred amid th’
bright lights.

  “When I gits back to Piperock th’ first
person I sees is Magpie, and he welcomes
me heartily and also imparts th’ informa-
tion that I’m out uh hundred bucks ’cause
Psychology and Copper

83

Tellurium’s doin’ better than three feet uh
day, and his rheumatism is ancient history.
Of course, bein’ uh direct descendant of one
uh Missouri’s first settlers, I declines to set-
tle without first-hand information.

  “We goes up to Peters’s office to find out
about th’ Daylight deal, but he ain’t in, so
we goes over to Dutch Fred’s and plays
seven-up until supper-time. Along about
dark Peters rides and yells to us that every-
thing is fine.

  “We goes up to his office later, and he’s
there with uh smile and uh glad hand. He
looks almost too danged happy, some way.

  “ ‘Gentlemen,’ sez he, ‘I’m sorry to have
kept yuh waitin’ so long, but it was uh hard
trip-, and as I was in th’ mountains several
days I was badly in need of my tub. Now
to business. I—er—have uh smoke.’

  “He shoves out uh box uh seegars and we
lights up.

  “ ‘My friends and partners, it’s uh lucky
thing fer you both that you’ve got uh tech-
nical as well as uh practical mining man fer
uh partner in yore ventures—meanin’ my-
self. To th’ untaught mind of th’ average
prospector, that Daylight claim might look
promisin’. But I saw its defects, gentlemen,
I saw its defects. Remember, I took five
days in my examination, and refused to
make him an offer.’

  “ ‘But, Peters, we’ve—’ began Magpie.

  “ ‘Beg pardon, Mr. Simpkins, but I’d
like to finish. As I said before, I turned th’
proposition down, but before I returned I
had an inspiration. I decided to investigate
other prospects in that particular district.
Now, here is where you have me to thank,
gentlemen. Yesterday afternoon I ran
across uh piece uh property that bids fair
to make us all rich. It is located in th’
vicinity of yore former property, I believe,
and is mighty rich in copper—mighty rich,
speaking mildly. I beg yore pardon, Mr.
Simpkins, did you speak?’

  “ ‘Go ahead,’ mumbles Magpie, and I
notices that he’s got all of that seegar in his
mouth, and seems to be slowly chokin’
to death.

  “ ‘As I started to say,’ resumed Peters,
‘I panned some of th’ drillin’s in this pros-
pect and what do you suppose I found, gen-
tlemen? Native copper! Why, in one pan
of that dust I got at least half an ounce.’
“He paused to let this sink in. It shore
listens good to me, but Magpie don’t seem
elated none whatever.

  “ ‘The owner was wise to what he had,’
continued Peters, ‘and when I offered him
five thousand for his claim he laughed at me.
But I refused to give up the ship, gentlemen,
and after talkin’ to him nearly all day I
got him to sell us half interest for that price.’
“ ‘Listen, Peters!’ Magpie’s Adam’s
apple is doin’ uh war-dance up and down
his neck as he stands there weavin’ on his
heels and glarin’ down at Peters. ‘What’s
that prospector’s name?’

  “ ‘Mr. Tellurium Woods. Of course,

Tellurium is only-’

  “ ‘Yeo-o-o-ow!’ yells Magpie, kickin’
over his chair and gallopin’ to th’ door, and
we hears him jist hit twice on his way down.

  “Me and Peters sits there fer uh spell
lookin’ foolish-like at each other and not
knowin’ what to say.

  “Finally I opines aloud that I believe
Magpie’s been eatin’ loco salad and I’d
better close-herd him before he bites some-
body. Uh course Peters politely offers his
valuable services, but I’m able to decline
with thanks.

“KNOWIN’ Magpie’s failin’ in
times uh stress, I ambles straight
fer th’ nearest hooch emporium. I
proves my deductions. There he is, draped
over th’ bar, lookin’ sad-like into uh glass
uh woblum—that bein’ th’ Chippeway
appellation fer whisky.

  “ ‘Magpie,’ sez I, puttin’ uh friendly
hand on his droopin’ shoulder and motion-
in’ to th’ barkeep that mine’s th’ same,
‘why this cross between uh foot race and
uh Piegan war dance?’

  “He looks me over like uh man who is
seein’ his last white chip go into th’ rack.
He lifts up his right hand straight over his
head like th’ peace signs yuh see in movin’
pictures and says:

  “ ‘Never again, Ike! Never again!’

  “I’m agreeable. I don’t know what he
means, but I’m pleased. Any time Magpie
says ‘Never again,’ I looks at th’ future with
more animation.

  “ ‘Ike,’ sez he, mournful-like, ‘I’m sorry.
It ain’t fair to you. I reckon I’m one uh
them unfortunate persons who are born with
uh lot uh brains and no sense. Some way I
seems to ball up everything. But, Ike, I
asks yuh, how did I know? I can’t see that

far, and it seemed like-’

  “ ‘Magpie,’ I replies, ‘let’s have uh little
more uh th’ same and then I’ll accept any
84

Adventure

explanation yuh delivers. Remember, I’m
uh heap in th’ dark yet.’

  “ ‘Ike, yo’re uh trustin’ soul. Yuh shore
are salt uh th’ earth. I shore spilled th’
beans, Ike, but I proved my point. Yes,
sir, I reckon I proved it entirely. I knowed
that uh little psychology with uh dash uh
copper would make Tellurium—dang his
little old petrified, moss-backed, narrow,

contracted soul-’

  “ ‘Pardner uh mine,’ I interrupts, ‘drink
yore liquor and ferget them little ol’ books
fer oncet. Fer old Tellurium’s sake I’m
glad he’s struck it rich. We’ll amble up
there tomorrow, and if she’s as rich as Pe-
ters says she is we’ll-’

  “ ‘Yah!’ snorts Magpie. ‘Don’t talk
Peters to me, Ike! I’m uh man of peaceful
pursuits, but if I ever lays eyes on that little
dancin’ derby hat uh his I’m goin’ to shoot.’

“ ‘Peters is workin’ fer our interests,

Magpie, and-’

“ ‘Listen, Ike.’ Magpie takes me by th’
arm and leads me out of th’ saloon. ‘Uh
grog-shop, Ike, ain’t no place to discourse on
scientific themes.’

“He leads me around the corner of th’
building.

“ ‘Remember our bet on Tellurium’s drift-
in’ average, Ike?’

“I replies that I’ve uh hazy recollection
of it.

“ ‘Well, Ike, winnin’ that hundred from
you, coupled with th’ assistance of one
Peters, has lost us th’ Daylight mine,’ he
announces slow and distinct. ‘Psychology

-! Remember that old copper bolt that

was in our shack, Ike? Well, I—I took
that bolt and ground her up, and salted his
danged mine!’ ”

Author of “The Ocean Borne,” “The Spoilsman,” etc.

   TTN HILARIOUS Happy Camp,
r=T-| on the north side of Chilkoot
Pass, inbound stampeders trav-
eling laden and outbound pack-
ers traveling light, rested by night from the
toil of the trail. Foregathered in the Saxon
Saloon they relaxed their muscles, their
throats and their poke-strings.

  Motley crowds haunted the bar on one
side of the huge canvas room, surrounded
the gaming-tables on the other side, clogged
the central space where, within a circle of
chairs, a red-hot stove throbbed like a giant

engine and overflowed upon the dancing-
floor at the rear.

  A haze of smoke invested everything,
blurring the oil-lamps swung from the ridge-
pole, and softening the uncouth garments
and rough faces of the men.

  In all quarters, except in the immediate
vicinity of the tables, where a businesslike
quiet reigned, was laughter, song and badi-
nage; was clamor, jest and camaraderie; was
open hand, open heart and a devil-take-to-
morrow’s - worry atmosphere. Old-timers,
hailing from opposite ends of the earth,
The Hunt-Pack

85

called one another friend and swapped harsh
experiences, vile tobacco and colossal lies;
while chechakos, to whom these seared ad-
venturers were little less than gods, worship-
ed meekly at their feet, imbibing among
other things instruction in the ways and
wiles of the land.

  And with the noise of the main room of
the Saxon at its height, into it swept like a
flood the babel of the dance-hall. Blended
music of violin and piano stopped. Two-
score couples circling the floor whirled about
and made a concentrated rush for refresh-
ments. In a shrieking, giggling, shoving
mass they surged forth, the women in satins
and pumps, the men in moccasins and muk-
luks and fur or mackinaw coats, shaking
the oil-lamps on the ridge-pole with their
raucous laughter, swirling the haze of the
place into strange eddies with the violence
of their charge.

  For this was a night of rejoicing. This
was Happy Camp! The Titanic climb of
storm-harried Chilkoot was past, and the
trend of the gold-trail now led down the
mountain and onward by ice-bound lake
and river to desired Dawson. That many
who had started up the Pass from Dyea
had never crossed the Summit, had drowned
in Dyea River, broken their necks in the
Canon, got caught near the Scales by shov-
ing glacier or thundering avalanche, or fall-
en to frost and blizzard upon the Palisades,
was not a thing to be remembered at this
hour. The rest were here, the survivors,
the fit, the strong, in whom life flowed fierce-
ly with its primordial pulse, and they were
reveling in triumph and shouting toasts to
the trough roof, when the door of the Saxon
opened and the frost puffed in a fog-bank
into the superheated room.

A OUT of the fog-bank stepped two
figures, a man and a woman, fresh
from the trail. Their parkas where
they clung tightly over their backs and
sagged on their hips were rimmed with
hoarfrost, advertising body-sweat congealed,
and about the close-drawn puckers of their
hoods icicles hung like tusks.

  Upon the two were the unmistakable signs
of the Chilkoot climb. New recruits to the
ranks of the strong they seemed, and the
triumphant army in the Saxon acclaimed
them with a thunderous cheer.

  The man and the woman held their heads
over the heat. The icy tusks thawed and

fell to sizzle and steam upon the glowing
stove-top. The two shoved back the parka
hoods and nodded genially to their welcom-
ers.

  But the moment the newcomers’ faces
were bared, a thick-set man in moccasins,
German socks and bearskin coat stagged
off at the hips, rose up on the other side of
the stove and peered sharply through the
steam. Next, an unspoken question in his
eyes, he gazed significantly at his six com-
panions around the fire. They likewise
scrutinized the late arrivals for a keen sec-
ond, looked back at the thick-set man in
the stagged-off bearskin and nodded grim-
ly-

  Whereupon the bearskin-clad one raised
an authoritative hand amid the bedlam of
the Saxon.

  At once the din lessened.

  “What’s up, Bassett?” yelled an irre-
pressible member of the dance crowd. “Rel-
atives of yours?”

  “Maybe they come through the Chilkoot
by tunnel and ain’t had the third degree of
the Pass!” hazarded another facetiously.
“Tom’s going to find out.”

  But Tom Bassett had stepped swiftly
round the stove and laid a hand upon the
shoulder of the man in the parka.

  “What might your name be, stranger?”
  “Karle Lott.”

  “Lie number one! It’s Jose Cantine.
And who’s the woman with you?”

  “My wife!” He resentfully shook off
Bassett’s hand.

  “Lie number two, you hound! It’s Eric
Sark’s wife—vamoosed with in White Pass
City months and months back! Aw, hold
up!” Bassett seized the hand that dived
under the parka and jerked it forth again.
“You don’t go gunnin’ with me. If you
was fair game I’d sure let you, but you
ain’t. My pardner Sark’s got a mortgage
on you. And if I was over in his place es-
tablishin’ relay camps on another trail and
he was here in mine you’d pay right now.
I’m sufferin’ sorry he ain’t here, but all the
same it’s a bloody short morator-ee-um
you’re gittin’, Cantine. Savvy? That’s
why I’m lettin’ you stay hull-skinned.”
“Well, if you’re lettin’ me stay whole-
skinned what you crossin’ me for then?”
fiercely demanded the man in the parka,
anger darkening his already dark eyes, tens-
ing sharper his already sharp features.
“Mind, I ain’t admittin’ I’m Cantine either.
86

Adventure

But if I was Cantine, and you ain’t goin’
to perforate Cantine on sight, what in
Hades do you mean?”

  “Mean?” echoed Bassett. “Your gall is
sure chilled steel and case-hardened on top.
Do you think as me or any other white
man’s goin’ to eat, drink or sleep with or
breathe the same air as you? You as broke
the bond of bread and blanket, the North-
land law as no man ever breaks, and lives
to boast of it! Days on end I seen you sit
at table with my pardner Sark under his
own roof in White Pass City. Nights on
end I seen you smoke by his fireside and
bed down in his blankets. And with the
guile of your stinkin’ soul you was plannin’
and executin’ his betrayal every blasted
minute of the time!

  “Then ag’in, do you think as any woman
in this camp’s goin’ to suffer the compan-
ionship of yon female you call your wife
who’s ten times guiltier’n you? The girls
of Happy Camp is slightly frivolous and
not what you’d term pernickety, but they
draw the line at her. And I tell you, Can-
tine, I draw the line at you. I wouldn’t
deserve to be called Sark’s pardner if I
didn’t. I wouldn’t deserve to be called a
white man if I didn’t. I’m strong for sani-
tation here. The likes of you two is stench
and putrefaction in a healthy place. Savvy
what I mean? You git to blazes outa Hap-
py Camp!”

  Bassett released the other’s wrist as he
spoke, and the man, his lips drawn up in a
wolf-dog’s snarl, stepped back a yard.

  “I’ll be bludgeoned if we do!” he snapped.
“You ain’t proved anything yet. Anyway
there ain’t anything to prove.”

  Tom Bassett gazed at him with a wearied
air and resignedly waved a hand to his
companions.

  “Who is he, men?” he asked.

  As one man, six of them took pipes out of
their mouths, lowered their feet from the
guard-rail of the stove, and spat toward the
damper.

  “Jose Cantine!” they chorused.
Immediately their feet went up to the
guard-rail again, and their pipes went back
to their mouths.

  “And about the woman!” Bassett paused
and scanned the throng of dancers.
“Where’s White-Pass-City Winnie?” he
asked. “Ain’t she here tonight? I thought
I seen her yeller dress somewhar. Oh, she’s
at the back, eh? Well, trot her forrard.”

  The throng shifted, leaving an irregular
lane in its center.

  Through this lane a fresh-faced girl of
twenty-four or -five pushed from the rear,
the rustle of her canary-satin dress and the
tap-tap of her dainty pumps falling with
strange distinctness across the silence of
the Saxon.

  “Winnie, shake hands with an old friend
of yours!” yawned Bassett.

  White-Pass-City Winnie gave one swift,
curious glance at the woman by the stove
and recoiled, her nose in the air.

 “Me? Shake with Blera Sark? Not
much! And if I’d shamed as good a man
as Eric Sark for a cur like Jose Cantine
I’d spare my old friends the sight of my
face!”

  Winnie, arms folded so tight as to lock
her hands away from any possible contami-
nation, flounced back into the front rank of
the dance-crowd and remained there stand-
ing on her dignity and her high heels.

  For a little the other woman gazed fixed-
ly at her scorner. Then her flushed face,
still handsome in spite of the marring fron-
tier life, began to quiver and work. Her
hands clenched upon the breast of her
parka, and tears splashed down and hissed
upon the stove.

  “You—you—vixen!” she choked.

  For revelation as well as inexpressible
hurt was White-Pass-City Winnie’s opinion
of her social status.

  Yet her shame and her tears had no weak-
ening effect upon those about her. Bassett
was gazing significantly at Cantine.

  “No good, Jose!” he shrugged. “Seein’
as I’m an all-fired, welded and cemented
pardner of Sark’s, I figgered you wouldn’t
be anyways partial to my views; I figgered
you’d be hard-bent on disputin’ my identi-
fication if ever I spotted you. So I ain’t
standin’ on my own identification. I’m
standin’ on the identification of these here
six men as knowed you along the White
Pass Trail. I’m standin’ on the identifica-
tion of White-Pass-City Winnie, who was a
close friend of Blera Sark’s. What’s more,
I’ll bet a thousand ounces thar ain’t a per-
son present as doubts yon evidence. If
thar is let him speak up for you!”

  Bassett’s challenging glance traveled
swiftly round the Saxon. The dancing-
floor was empty, the bar deserted, every
faro, stud-poker, draw-poker, crap and rou-
lette table idle. To a man the stakers had
The Hunt-Pack

87

left their stillest games to hear the contro-
versy in the middle of the room. And to a
man they stood with Tom Bassett. No one
spoke for Cantine.

  “It’s settled!” decided Bassett, whirling
upon Jose. “And lemme tell you you’re
gittin’ outa Happy Camp pretty safe. I
know many’s the camp as would give you
twenty lashes for stealin’ a rind of bacon.
And for stealin’ a man’s wife and home and
hopes and honor—say, Cantine, liquid hell-
fire ain’t a squirt on what they’d do to you.
You’re lucky to be goin’ so safe. Now git!”

  “We won’t!” defied Jose recklessly.
“We’ve come twenty-odd miles, climbed
nigh four thousand feet, and it’s forty-one
below zero by the thermometer on the door.
You can’t turn us out on a night like this.”

  “Kin’t?” growled Bassett. With a quick
jerk he flipped his watch from his pocket
on to his open palm. “Sixty seconds I’m
givin’ you,” he announced. “Walk through
that door before then or git thrown through
arter!”

  The Saxon was very still. Bristling like
a malemiut at bay, Jose Cantine half-
crouched in front of Bassett, who intently
held the watch on him.

  “One, two, three, four, five—ten—fif-
teen—” rasped Bassett’s deep voice mo-
notonously counting off the seconds.

  Cantine’s coal-black eyes shifted appeal-
ingly round the room, but the crowd of
men gazed back at him stolidly.

  “Twenty—thirty—forty—fifty—sixty!”

  Bassett flipped his watch into his pocket
and jumped.

  As he jumped, Cantine’s hand again dived
under his parka. He had the Colt out this
time before Tom grasped his arm. Two
shots went wild through the stovepipe, but,
his wrist twisted with a violent wrench,
Cantine felt the weapon slipping from his
fingers, felt himself lifted like a doll in Bas-
sett’s powerful hands and bundled to the
door.

  In the doorway Bassett poised a second.
Suddenly he kicked. Cantine hurtled down
the slope like a football, gaining momentum
every second, and plunged into a snowdrift
one hundred yards below.

 “Now, missus-”

  But the woman who had been Blera Sark
fled past Bassett after Jose.

  “Mebbe you think you’ve run ag’in a
pretty hard snag in me!” Bassett called
down the slope to them. “You haven’t.

I’m a gentle, ministerin’, velvet-fingered
angel of mercy to what you’ll strike before
you make Dawson City!”

  He closed the Saxon door against the
boring frost.

  “The air sure smells better,” he observed,
sniffing with relief.

  “Sure does,” nodded the old-timers by
the stove. “But what trail’s your pardner
plantin’ relay camps on?”

  “The Nordenskold Trail,” answered Bas-
sett. “That’s the same trail yon two skunks
is takin’ on from Whitehorse, only they
dunno it yit. But, ladies and gentlemen,”
apologizing to the crowd, “I’m sure suffer-
in’ sorry to be the cause of the delay in
your fun. Don’t let her delay any longer.
Go cavortin’ to it!”

  Immediately clamor broke out again.
  Violin and piano struck up.

  The click of the ivory roulette-ball and
the rattle of dealt cases arose from the ta-
bles.

 Happy Camp was Happy Camp once
more, and for it the incident was closed.

KisSS BUT not for Cantine and the wo-
SSft man.

^ She helped the cursing Jose to
pull himself out of the drift, ancitogether
they floundered back to the beaten trail.

  In the snow-walled defile they stood a
moment, gazing upward at the glowing
lights of Happy Camp and the stark out-
line of Chilcoot Mountain etched against a
green night sky.

  With a string of muffled imprecations
Jose made a move as if to go back up the
slope, but Blera put her hands on his shoul-
ders and checked him.

  “Don’t, Jose, don’t!” she besought.
“They’ll maim and manhandle you till
you’re a proper cripple. And the word’ll
go round like a plague. There isn’t any
tent there for us tonight.”

  “I ain’t seein’ any here either, then,”
snarled Jose. “You know how light we
come over the Pass to make it in a day.
Grub enough for one stop, and 110 blan-
kets!”

  “Well,” shivered Blera petulantly,
“there’s lots of fire, isn’t there? What’s the
use of lamenting in the frost?”

  Happy Camp marked the edge of timber-
line after the nakedness of the glacier-
scoured rocks and volcanic slag about Crater
Lake and the steeps above, and into the
88

Adventure

first scrubby pines Cantine and the woman
turned.

  Here was a chaos of dead and splintered
trunks as thick as a man’s arm, and piling
these up they kindled a giant fire. Food
was larking. Yet they melted snow in a
drinking-cup that Cantine carried in his
pocket and swallowed great drafts of hot
water.

  Blankets they were likewise powerless to
improvise. They simply threw big heaps of
green spruce boughs beside the fire and, ly-
ing upon them close to the coals, basked
and drowsed, warming back and breast al-
ternately in the terrific cold, and alternately
rising to drag on fresh fuel.

  Above them in the January night the au-
rora flashed and dimmed, and the sapphire
stars leaped with dire prophecy of still in-
tenser cold. And the January day, when it
came, was as the night, except that the stars
vanished and the aurora ceased to play.
The jagged, sunless world was frigid, stiff
and white, and the green night sky had
changed to muddy gray.

  Cantine and Blera arose early, drank
more hot water and plowed down the ice-
trail across Deep Lake and Long Lake, an-
cient volcano pits that with Crater linked
Lake Linderman to the mountains.

  All about them the stampede was on the
move, hurrying along the deep trench of
trampled snow which constituted the trail.
The throng hauled loaded hand-sleds, drove
dogs attached to loaded dog-sleds or went
by man-power under enormous packs. Ever
these packs were cast down without care at
the side of the trail while the owners back-
tripped for more till the side snows were
heaped with bags, boxes and rope-lashed
bundles of all descriptions.

  On the right of Cantine and Blera, on
their left, ahead of them, behind them were
tons upon tons of provisions, yet they dared
not put forth their hands to lift a morsel.
Well they knew the Northland law con-
cerning wayside caches, and well they knew
the punishment that fell upon him who
broke the law. The bitter resentment they
nursed against Bassett who had ejected
them from Happy Camp and against all the
rest who had consented to that ejection
blazed into a sort of savagery, a hatred of
their own breed which mocked and tantal-
ized and ostracized them.

  Every man of that breed bound inward
had a vision before his eyes and a hope in

his heart. Each worked in a frenzy and
performed prodigies of toil for the attain-
ment of his vision and the realizing of his
high ambition, but the jaded souls of Can-
tine and Blera did not respond to any such
spur.

  From the start they had been under no
spell but the spell of shallow, garish entice-
ments; and the unlooked-for collision with
Tom Bassett and the specter of another day
had seared them into callousness. Without
lifting eyes to their companions of the trail
who passed, met, repassed and oftentimes
jostled them, they plodded, pariahs of their
race, down the frozen surface of Long Lake.

  Near Long Lake’s foot a string of seven
sleds drawn by swift dog-teams, and going
light, overtook them. They drove down
upon the two without the customary warn-
ing hail.

  Cantine and the woman had barely time
to throw themselves prone into the side
snow before the lead-dog of the first team,
ripping at them with vicious fangs, flashed
past. The other teams flashed after, each
dog taking the chance to snap futilely at
their moccasined heels and the drivers with
raucous laughter flicking their whiplashes
like long, black snakes into the drifts around
the heads of the fallen pair.

  Although no blow had been landed on
them, the demonstration rankled in the
hearts of Jose and Blera. Blera knew that
had it not been for the fact that she was a
woman the blows would surely have been
sent home and perhaps the wolf - dogs
swerved from their course to rend them as
they ran. More bitter still her anger flared,
and Jose himself quivered with passion as
he clambered out of the side snow back into
the trail and reviled the disappearing seven.
He could not fully identify the befurred
and parka-clad drivers, but he had a suspi-
cion that they were Tom Bassett and the
six men who had sat around the stove the
night before in the Saxon Saloon.

  On down to Lake Linderman, the end of
the twenty-eight-mile portage over Chilcoot
from Dyea Beach, he carried his suspicion,
and there at Linderman Landing he found
his suspicions justified.

  The shore of the lake was dotted with log-
cabins, half-log and half-canvas cabins and
flimsy tents, standing where the whipsaws
had swept the trees away. On the edge of
the main trail just at the dip to the ice
bulked the Linderman Restaurant run by
The Hunt-Pack

89

Flambald. It flaunted a huge cotton sign
painted with pies and prices and advertised
a satiating meal for ten dollars in gold. In-
stinctively Cantine and Blera increased
their pace as they made for it.

  There was a crowd about the door. Can-
tine went to push through and suddenly re-
coiled. Tom Bassett lounged on one end of
the log door-step with his back against the
log wall.

  “What’s the matter, Cantine?” grinned
Tom derisively. “Ain’t you hungry?”
Cantine put out a hand for his compan-
ion and gingerly, his eyes watching Bassett
for an untoward action, moved over the
door-step. He seemed astounded that he
got across untouched. He looked back
over his shoulder uncertainly, half paused
and went on again toward the tables. Bas-
sett had never moved a muscle. Only Can-
tine could see the derisive profile of his nose,
cheek and mouth as he leaned against the
outside wall, and the sight awoke in Jose
queer premonitions.

  Nevertheless he boldly handed Blera into
a chair and waited for some one to take his
order. No one came. Jose beckoned mad-
ly, but the waiters were always busy. They
nodded, but they never came. In the fury
of his hunger Jose leaped up and rushed
over to the plank desk where Flambald took
the money for the waiters’ checks.

  “Look here!” he flared. “We’re famished,
and your waiters are a lot of dummies.
Send some one round with grub.”
Flambald, a man of colossal and un -
healthy girth, looked at him over the plank
desk.

  “You go to condemnation!” he bellowed.
“You aren’t eating here.”

 “Why? What in-”

  “Stop!” roared Flambald. “This is my
house. I feed who I like, but you I don’t
like. Savvy?”

  Jose savvied.

  Flambald’s hand was on a huge iron pa-
per-weight that held his bills upon the plank
desk, and there was no arguing. Jose si-
lently beckoned Blera and slunk out again.

  On the door-step lounged Bassett, and
Jose turned in the trail to curse him futile-
ly. He knew better than to try any other
restaurant. Bassett had passed the word.
His receptions would be all the same. Also
he knew better than to try force. He had
had his lesson from that up by timberline.
Besides, Blera’s hand was on his arm, fear-

fully dragging him on down Linderman’s
frozen bosom.

  Thus began a grim game in which Bas-
sett was persecution personified, a Nemesis
unshakable. He passed them on Lake Lin-
derman, welcomed them at Bennett Post,
and once more showed them the tail of his
sled halfway down to West Arm on Ben-
nett Lake.

  That night they spent much like the pre-
ceding one, feeding a gigantic fire, drinking
inconceivable quantities of hot water and
gnawing mangy dried salmon purchased at
a Stick Indian teepee on Lake Bennett’s
shore.

  Thenceforward Bassett’s hand as well as
the hand of every other man was against
them up the chain of lakes. The white
breed of the land was a hunt-pack turned
upon them, and though by virtue of stray
Indian camps they survived through Cari-
bou Crossing, Tagish Post and McClintock
Post to Whitehorse, Bassett beat them in
the end.

  For on the Fifty-mile River beyond the
Whitehorse camp his dog-sled passed them
once again, and the next far post was Sel-
kirk at the Pelly’s mouth.

  “Jose, how many miles to Selkirk?” asked
Blera as they stared after the vanishing out-
fit.

  “More’n two hundred and fifty,” an-
swered Jose dejectedly. “Bassett’s got us,
sure.”

  “No, he hasn’t, then!” Blera’s blue eyes
flashed in the frost, and she shook her fur-
gantleted hand in Bassett’s wake. “He’s
aiming to starve us out on the river-stretch
and make us quit it again, but it’ll take a
sore sight more than him to do it!”

  “How you meaning? We can’t make Sel-
kirk on hot water and dog-feed.”

  “I know that, but there’s the Dalton
Trail.”

  “By thunder! Say, I hadn’t figured on
that track! But it’ll do. Blera, you’re sure
a—a—a winner. I know there’s a Stick
village at the mouth of the Klokhok—old
Tutchi’s Village. I’ve been in it often. The
beggars is rich. They’re lousy with dogs,
and we’ll dicker for some and go down the
Middle Fork of the Nordenskold. After
that, Dawson’s dead easy with dogs. And
in Dawson we’ll lie low till we get a chance
to square up with Mister Bassett. Come
on!”

  Endowed with redoubled energy at his
90

Adventure

bettered prospects, Jose turned and sped
of! in a long lurching snowshoe stride for the
mouth of the Takhini River which emptied
into the Fifty-mile halfway between White-
horse and Lake Laberge.

  They turned up the Takhini, sometimes
called the Mendenhall since both these riv-
ers joined to form the larger stream which
emptied into the Fifty-mile, the Menden-
hall draining Taye Lake lying to the west-
ward on the Dalton Trail and the Takhini
flowing north by east from Kusawa Lake
between the Yukon River and the Deza-
deash country.

  Cantine and Blera were traveling almost
due westward. On their left to the south
lay Haeckel Hill. On their right to the
north loomed the Miner’s Range, and on the
far horizon beyond the valley of the tribu-
tary Klokhok jutted higher, nameless peaks.
In interminable vastness the land spread
before them, virgin ground oft from the
main-traveled trail to Dawson City, and the
stupendous extent of it was enough to strike
fear into the human heart.

  But Cantine had no fear. In the lonely
expanse he knew the spot where was life and
warm teepees and food. Tutchi was a chief,
and he kept his village in a fairly sanitary
condition, a condition immeasurably supe-
rior to that of the squalid teepees to be found
along the Yukon basin. Cantine had been
there and he knew, and up the Takhini’s
smooth ice he pressed at a furious pace, the
beast instinct of him yearning for food and
the human side of him yearning for a place
where he might without dread of contume-
ly take on again the status of the white.

  Jose’s sentiments were in a degree re-
flected in his companion. She ran at his
heels with the swing of the Northwoman
trained to the trails, and she seemed to have
no difficulty in keeping his pace.

BTHE Klokhok River they sought
flowed south along the base of the
Miner’s Range into the Takhini. All
afternoon they held on-for it and at night
swung suddenly to the right into its spruce-
fringed mouth. Yonder by the fringe of
spruce on the low bench-land was the site
of Tutchi’s Village, but to Cantine’s aston-
ished eyes there glowed no teepee fires be-
tween the black trunks.

  “Blazes!” he exclaimed in alarm as he
surveyed the bare bench-land. “She’s gone,
Blera. And how in tarnation’s that? It

wasn’t just a camping-ground. It was a
permanent village. But maybe they’ve
shifted up-stream or back in the range.
Let’s see if there’s a trail.”

  With a swift pang of fear and loneliness
caused by she knew not what, Blera me-
chanically followed Cantine as he skimmed
up the snow-sheeted ice alongside the Klok-
hok’s left limit. In that moment of non-
discovery of the village the inimical wild
crept close to her. She saw it as a con-
crete force, strong, sure, ruthless as the per-
secuting Bassett or the avenging hand of
Eric Sark.

  Her fear grew upon her so that she drew
near to Jose in his search, her hand on his
elbow, and skimmed with him stride by
stride. Her eyes were furtively turned to
the dark spruce forests crowding on either
side, while the eyes of her companion scru-
tinized the snowy bank. That was why
neither of them marked the scum ice, fragile
mask of an unfrozen spring, straight ahead.

  They did not mark it, but the moment it
rattled and shaled off against the frames of
their shoes their trained ears telegraphed
the danger. Instinctively both made a vio-
lent half-turn in mid-stride, but the move-
ment was not enough to carry them clear.
It served only to jerk them against each
other, and together they sank to their
shoulders through the scum ice.

  The Klokhok’s waters were as cold as the
vault of death.

  For an instant the contact paralyzed the
two. Then their arms fell like flails upon
the rotten shell about them. For yards
they broke their way to shore and pulled
themselves like leaden-footed divers up the
bank.

  A clump of blasted spruce stood on the
shore, and, struggling against the clog of
their garments which were setting as hard
as armor, they madly tore down armfuls of
the boughs.

  “Jose, the matches!” gasped Blera, drop-
ping on her knees beside the pile. “Give
them to me. I’ll light it. You pile on more.
Don’t stop piling!”

  Jose snatched up the stiff, crackling front
of his parka and dabbed his numbing fin-
gers into the pocket of his vest where he
kept his matches in a little bottle tightly
corked, the best waterproof match-safe the
Northman knows.

  Even as he jabbed his fingers in he ut-
tered a cry of pain and jerked them out again.
The Hunt-Pack

9i

  The ends showed all bloody and studded
with bits of broken glass.

  Pallor swept Cantine’s swarthy face till
he looked like a statue in bronze as he stood
staring stupidly at his finger - ends and
watching the hot blood freeze.

  “Jose! Jose!”

  Blera’s voice rang thin as a wail in the
frosty stillness.

  She sprang to Jose, seized on the cloth of
his vest and pushed the pocket inside out
from the bottom so that the contents fell
into the palm of her left gantlet.

  Mingled with the broken glass of the bot-
tle was a muddled mass of splintered match-
stumps and sodden heads.

  “Must have done it in the fall!” quavered
Jose, still staring stupidly. “I felt your
snowshoe take me hard in the ribs when
we went down.”

  But Blera did not heed.

  She was kneeling again by the pile of
spruce branches, scratching match-head af-
ter match-head.

  None of them would light despite her
frantic and repeated trials. In despair she
threw the sodden mass into the unlit pile of
twigs and turned again to Cantine.

  “Your Colt, Jose!” she appealed, rising
stiffly. “Your Colt! You can start it with
a shot!”

  “My Colt?” Cantine looked bewildered.
The frost seemed to be deadening his senses
already. “My Colt, Blera? Oh, yes. Bas-
sett took it, ’way back at Happy Camp!”

  “Good God!” screamed Blera, remember-
ing.

  She threw out her arms, weakly trying to
fight up circulation, and a second time the
ruthless spirit of the wild came very close.

  To her terrified eyes it seemed to leap
out of the darkness of the spruce, a mate-
rial presence, and mock her with a shout
that reverberated across the fireless land.

  It rushed upon her. She could hear the
crunch-crunch of its footsteps in the crust.
Its grip fell upon her shoulder, and she
shrieked insanely.

  “Steady, missus, steady!” soothed a
mumbling, half-articulate voice.

  And not till the spoken words smote on
her consciousness could she realize that the
material presence was a humble man. Then
she gave a little moan of relief and put out
a hand for Jose to share in her discovery.

  In the arctic gloom they could not see
the man’s face at all, but they gathered that

he had been disturbed at supper by their
cries, for he was capless and coatless. Also
he held in his hand a generous slab of pilot-
bread, and this it was which, cramming his
mouth, rendered his speech so inarticulate.
Wildly leading the race, the bread in his
left hand and Blera’s frozen gantlet in his
right, he hurtled them over the snows be-
tween the spruce trees and banged them
into his cabin doorway.

  At their advent five wolf-dogs leaped up
snarling from their rest beside the stove.

  “Lie down!” gurgled Cantine’s and
Blera’s rescuer.

  He kicked the dogs soundly in the ribs
till they retreated into the huge empty
wood-box that stood behind the stove.

  “I don’t like the brutes inside,” he mum-
bled, still wrestling convulsively to get rid
of the gagging pilot-bread, “but it’s a case
of have to keep them inside or get them
eaten whole. Tutchi’s Village is full of sav-
age semi-wolves, and they run the river in
a hunt-pack every night.”

  “Tutchi’s Village!” exclaimed Cantine,
his teeth clicking incessantly as he whacked
the ice from his garments. “Where’s it
moved to? It was hunting sign of it we
fell in.”

  “Moved five miles up the Klokhok,”
spluttered the other, setting the stove-door
ajar to obtain a floor-streamer of light in
the gloomy cabin. “But you better strip
quick. Use that back room there to change.
You’ll find a dunnage-bag full of clothes—
some of them woman’s things—under the
bunk. While you throw them on, I’ll rus-
tle more wood to stoke up the stove. I
used all I had in to cook supper. And you
can light the candle on the shelf there to
see by. I was just getting up to reach for
it when I heard your yells!”

  Gulping down the last of his pilot-bread,
the owner of the cabin was gone while he
spoke.

  Cantine reached up to the shelf, took off
the tallow candle stuck in a wide-necked
pickle-bottle, reached a box of matches from
the same shelf and lighted the wick.

  From force of habit he fingered up a small
bunch of matches out of the box and went
to shove them into his vest pocket.

  “Wait, Jose, wait!” cautioned Blera.
“They’ll be as bad as the others if you put
them there. Put them in the dry clothes,
and after this don’t trust a bottle any more.
Get one of those rubber match-safes with
9 2

Adventure

the screw top. And now for the dry clothes!
I feel as if I can work my arms and legs
once more.”

  Taking the candle from Jose, she moved
across the cabin toward the door of the
back room. The yellow light flooding the
main room showed it to be built of the cus-
tomary spruce logs chinked with moss and
plastered with mud.

  The floor was of rough-hewn slabs. Of
slabs, too, but a little better smoothed, was
the rude table upon which supper was
spread. The table stood under the window
which instead of glass for a light boasted a
square of golden-brown moose-skin rubbed
so smooth as to be almost transparent.

  Upon the opposite wall was a bunk also
formed of slabs. The Yukon stove stood at
the end, and it, with the wood-box behind,
completed the furnishings of the cabin.

  Out of the empty wood-box the huskies
raised their heads and growled so ominously
at Blera’s and Jose’s movements that the
two ran the last few steps across the floor and
shut the door of the back room with a bang.

  The back room was but a logged-in an-
nex to the main room and without window
or door. A bunk constituted its only fur-
nishing, and it appeared to be used as a
store-room, for grub-bags and odds and
ends were piled neatly in its corners.

  Blera set the candle on a pile of sacks
and ferreted out the dunnage-bag from un-
der the bunk. Its lashings were loose, and
she tumbled the contents out on the floor
where each could pick what was needed.

  The rapid run from the river to the cabin
and the genial atmosphere of the cabin it-
self had somewhat warmed their blood as
well as partly thawed their mail-like gar-
ments. Hastily they ripped off the clammy
parkas, mackinaws and woolens and began
the process of replacing them with dry ones.

  For the most part Blera dressed like Jose
in arctic underwear, flannel shirt, German
socks and moccasins, but when it came to
outer garments she searched in the heart of
the disorderly pile on the floor for the wo-
man’s things the owner of the cabin had
mentioned.

  Finally she fished them out, a buckskin
waist and a mackinaw skirt with a pro-
nounced plaid pattern.

  The waist went on like any waist, but at
sight of the skirt Blera’s breath whistled in
her throat. Her face convulsed in an ap-
palling discovery. She held the plaid mack-

inaw close to the candle, examining the
band and the vent at the back.

  “What’s wrong with it?” asked Cantine,
looking up from his own dressing. “Lousy?”
“Jose, it’s the same! Here’s the band
leather sewn on to keep the sheath-knife
from wearing it and the hooks and eyes of
copper wire on the vent. Jose, it’s my skirt!

And he’s-”

  “Sark!” roared Jose.

  Terror transformed Can tine’s features.
He wildly scanned the walls of the back
room for window or door, but, as he remem-
bered now, there was no window or door.

  “Blera, we’re trapped!” he faltered with
a great revelation. “We’re trapped, and
Bassett’s done it. This is the trail his part-
ner was putting relay camps on, the Nor-
denskold Trail. The road down the Middle
Fork runs right here. Why in Hades didn’t
we watch where we were going?”

  Blera, unanswering, held the mackinaw
skirt spread out in her hands. She was
trembling from head to foot, and her eyes
stared wide under the surge of emotion,
jumbled emotion, fear, remorse, anxiety,
longing, despair.

  “Bassett’s done it!” repeated Jose.
“Curse his bloody heart, he knew where his
partner was. He knew if he closed the Yu-
kon against us we’d have to travel the Nor-
denskold. I wish, to blue brimstoned blazes,
I’d been quicker with my Colt that night
up at—but what in thunder’s the use of
raving?” He stopped short in his furious
passion. “We got to do something. We
got to do it mighty sudden. Blera, what in
tarnation can we do without dogs, arms or
grub?”

  . “I don’t know what we can do,” answered
Blera, breathing as if she were sobbing, “but
we got to get out of here. Put on dry par-
kas and draw the hoods close and beat it.
Maybe we can get out before he comes in.
If we don’t, tell him—tell—him we got to
keep right on. Tell him your brother’s sick
up in the Miner’s Range. Here’s a bullet
knocking around in the dunnage-bag. Put
it in your mouth, and it’ll help change your
voice some. And for God’s sake let’s keep
our parka hoods drawn tight.”

BLERA dropped the plaid mack-
inaw skirt and, contorting feverish-
ly, they both donned parkas and
pulled open the door.

  But as they stepped out into the main
The Hunt-Pack

93

room of the cabin the door of it rattled, was
kicked back, and both his arms full, Sark
staggered in with the wood.

   Instantly, as before, the five huskies leap-
ed viciously across the floor at Jose and
Blera.

  Sark let fall his load, caught up a single
billet and belabored the beasts over the
heads.

  “Down, Skookum! Down, Culuk!” he
yelled. “Get to blazes behind the stove!”
He overcame their stubborn resistance and
hammered them into submission. “Now
stay behind it, you savages!”

  He turned apologetically to his guests.

  “But hold on!” he exclaimed, noting the
drawn parka hoods which allowed only
their eyes to be seen. “You’re not for hit-
ting the trail again tonight, eh?”

  “We got to,” twanged Jose, the bullet in
his mouth altering his voice and causing
him to enunciate through his nose. “We
got to get along on the jump. My broth-
er’s sick up in the Miner’s Range, up on the
headwaters of the Klokhok. We got to
keep going tonight, for I sent him word I’d
reach him tomorrow.”

  “Thunder!” exclaimed Sark. “That’s dif-
ferent. And I’m sorry. But you eat before
you travel. You and your missus need solid
grub and steaming drink after yon bath. I
was just taking the last bite myself.
There’s lots of pilot-bread and moose meat
and hot coffee on the stove. Dig in!”

  Sark waved a hand toward the laden table.

  Blera who, although the parka hood con-
cealed every part of her face but her eyes,
could not forbear averting her head, turned
slightly and took a sidelong glance at Eric
Sark. As she viewed the familiar figure so
clear in the candlelight, big of limb and of
chest, blue-eyed, granite-featured, with the
raven-black in his beard and hair, she had
an almost unconquerable desire to cry out
or to run.

  Yet she did neither.

  She remained stone-still till her eyes en-
countered those of Cantine and strayed with
them to the food upon the table.

  After their days of hunger it was a great
temptation, and they fell. Flight delayed,
and still trusting to the masks of their parka
hoods, they stretched out ravenous hands
and munched fiercely upon the bread and
meat and gulped the steaming coffee.

  Jose removed the bullet from his mouth
while he ate, but both he and Blera were

careful to sit backing the tallow-candle
which Sark placed upon its shelf again, so
that their faces were cast in gloom.

  Sark, to maintain the part of host, picked
up the remainder of the slab of pilot-bread
he had carried when he rescued them and
poured himself another cup of coffee.

  “What might your name be, stranger?”
he asked.

  Blera started, the piece of moose-shoulder
she was munching slipping to the floor.

  “Karle Lott!” coughed Jose through the
drink he snatched.

  “Mine’s Eric Sark.”

  Dreading another personal question, Ble-
ra bent low by the table-edge to pick up the
meat.

  But Skookum, the most cunning as well
as the most evil of the wolf-dogs, had seen
it fall and stolen from behind the stove. He
leaped as Blera reached for it and, losing it
by the fraction of a second, slashed with his
chisel-sharp fangs at her face.

  The fangs fell short of the flesh, but met
in the parka hood and tore it from her head.

  Unmasked, the woman sprang away from
the brute with a violent scream.

  “Blera!” Sark’s vicious voice thundered
in the cabin.

  Swift as his wolf-dog he sprang up.

  For a moment he stared at her as across
a gulf, his blue eyes blazing. Then the light-
ning-fire of his glance struck her companion.

  “You can drop your hood, too, Cantine!”

  With the ultimatum Sark’s fingers slid
back and seized the rifle lying in his bunk
on the wall, for he looked to see a weapon
flash in Cantine’s hand and guessed that
one of them had traveled his last trail.

  But Blera was upon him on the instant,
pressing down the gun.

  “You can’t harm us, Eric! You can’t
harm us!” she declared hysterically. “You
can’t touch us here, people you’ve broken
bread with under your own roof. You know
that’s the Northland law!”

  Again Sark stared at her as across a gulf
and dropped the rifle on the bunk.

  “You’re right,” he admitted slowly, nod-
ding his head as if she had expounded some
all-powerful decree. “Though laws aren’t
worth a Siwash curse to you two, they are
to me. You’re safe—for the night. Be-
cause now I savvy that ‘brother in the Mi-
ner’s Range’ was only lyin’ bluff.”

  “But look here, Sark,” whined Jose,
94

Adventure

  “Stop right up! I’d sure palaver with a
murdering Sundowner. I’d sure palaver
with a cannibal Hoonah. But I won’t
palaver with you. I’m telling you you’re
safe under this roof. Out from under it you
take your chance. I’ll give you an hour’s
clear start in the morning, and then, by
thunder, look out for me! Now jump into
that back room quick, the both of you.
Jump in, I say, for fear I forget I’ve broken
bread under my own roof with you!”

  The intensity of Sark’s passion heaved
and tore at his mighty chest and vibrated
in his smashing voice.

  They did not want him to forget. They
had the temporary saving grace of the night
hours. Much might perhaps be accomplish-
ed in those hours, and with that idea in
their degenerate minds Cantine and the
woman slunk into the logged-in annex and
shut the door.

  As if he were already slamming lead into
Cantine’s body, Sark slammed stick after
stick into the stove.

  Then, although it was still early in the
evening, he blew out the candle and threw
himself upon his bunk, lying on hip and el-
bow, resting his head on his hand and star-
ing like a graven image at the flame-dance
on the darkened walls of the cabin.

  Blera, peering through a chink in the
back-room door, watched him thus hour by
hour. It was a strange and weary vigil, but
on after midnight his head slipped down
from his hand.

  “Jose,” she breathed, “he’s asleep.
Now’s our chance. But we have to have
the rifle to make our get-away good. Then
you can stand him off. I’ll take the gun.
I’m lighter than you, and the slab floor’s
awful creaky.”

  Cautiously she slipped out of the back
room and as cautiously, inch by inch, edged
across the main room toward Sark’s bunk.

  Her figure as she crept was now lost in
shadow, now etched out faintly by the leap-
ing flamelight. She moved apparently with-
out stepping, with the peculiar gliding grace
that is the inheritance of North-born people.

  The irregularities of the slab floor seemed
to lose stability, to become fluid and flow
under her feet like waves in a rapid. Not
once did her moccasined toes strike knot or
seam. Not once did the limber slabs shriek
as they bowed and sprung. Not once did
the sleeping huskies stir from their dreams
by the stove. She reached the bunk, and

her mobile fingers closed on the weapon.

  Sark faced outward as he slept.

  The rifle lay on the blankets between his
back and the wall, free of his touch except
where his shoe-packed foot curled over the
heel of the stock.

  Blera had the rifle by the barrel, and
slowly, with a motion so gentle as to be
scarcely perceptible, she began to twist loose
the butt.

  She had nearly succeeded when she saw
the twitching of muscles round Sark’s
closed eyes.

  Swiftly she released the weapon and with
a lithe swing of her body stretched herself
along the outer edge of the bunk. Her arms
were about Sark’s neck, and her voice was
whispering in his ear when he half awoke.

  “Eric,” she whispered hurriedly, hyster-
ically, “I’ve come back—stolen out of there
while he slept. We got to go away—to-
gether. He was never-”

  But Sark awakened fully.

  “You cursed vampire!” he gritted. “Get
off. Get away from me. I don’t want the
touch of your hands. Aren’t you seeing
you’re poison and pollution to me?”

  He half arose on one knee, roughly thrust-
ing her from the bunk, and even as he re-
pulsed her, the touch of her arms brought
the thrill of another day, a day when his
hours had been full of dream and desire, of
marvel and of miracle, when Blera had been
a splendor and a vision to him and lain in
honor by his side.

  For a reeling moment he saw not this
woman who was poison and pollution to
him. His eyes were fixed, seer-like, upon
the panels of those vanished days, upon
the words and smiles and deeds and de-
lights of another woman tapestried in gold-
en story upon the snow-white curtain of
the North, days before he had come into
the companionship of Tom Bassett and dis-
covered the love that passeth the love of
woman.

  And that short moment of Sark’s unwari-
ness was his undoing and Blera’s oppor-
tunity. Right before his unseeing eyes her
swift hands grasped the rifle, and like an-
other Delilah, turned Philistine against her
Samson, she crashed the butt across his tem-
ple.

  Sark’s face turned blank. He quivered a
little, poised on one knee, and collapsed in
the bunk.

  “Jose, quick!”
The Hunt-Pack

95

  But she did not need to cry. Cantine
had seen from the chink in the back-room
door and run as she struck.

  “Blera, you didn’t-”

  “No, no! Only stunned! And he’s stir-
ring already. Be sharp! Get the dog-har-
ness. Down, you brutes!”

  The awakened dogs had sprung up snarl-
ing, but Blera had a formidable weapon in
the rifle, and she bludgeoned them on the
heads with the butt. Jose, too, sprang for
the long-lashed dog-whip, coiled on pegs on
the wall, and flayed them into subjection.
“Now the harness, quick, Jose!”

  Still using the butt of his whip to keep
the victory already gained, Cantine threw
the harness on the ugly beasts and haled
them out into the piercing cold. Blera toss-
ed down the sled up - ended by the door.
Rapidly they traced in the huskies, whining
resentfully at being lashed and dragged from
the warmth of the cabin out into a tem-
perature of fifty-five below, and cast them-
selves on the sled.

  “Mush!” roared Cantine, bringing down
the whip.

  Under the dreaded lash the shivering
team dashed down the bank and headed up
the ice of the Klokhok. The steel-shod sled-
runners shrieked a shrill tune. The ice
boomed to their flying passage.

  High in the heavens overhead flashed the
brilliant stars and the mid-Winter aurora.
There was in the hearts of Blera and Jose
no remorse, no regret, not even pity. There
was only devilish recklessness and the sheer
exultation of escape. Continually they
urged on the dogs to greater speed, lashing
them till Skookum the leader flung up his
nose as he galloped and howled a protest.

  And challenging Skookum’s howl, from
around the abrupt bend they were taking at
express-train speed broke the tumultuous
cry of many wolf-dogs on the arctic night.

  As if suddenly revealed by a lightning
flash Jose and Blera glimpsed them right

ahead, the murderous hunt-pack from Tut-
chi’s Village sweeping the river-ice one hun-
dred strong with one lone cross-fox strain-
ing from their jaws. An instant they
glimpsed them, then in the belly of the bend,
fox, team, sled and hunt-pack collided in a
heap.

  Cantine had loosened his grip on the sled
to grasp the rifle in defense, and the smash-
ing impact catapulted him clear into the
heart of the horde.

  One moment Blera watched him sink in
a sea of bristling fur and slavering fangs be-
fore she beheld the same sea surging upon
her, the sea which was the concrete force
of the inimical wild, strong, sure, more ruth-
less even than the persecuting Bassett or
the avenging hand of Eric Sark.

TWO weeks later, Tom Bassett, re-
turning from Dawson City up the
Nordenskold River and swinging
through the night down the Klokhok River
to his partner’s cabin on the Nordenskold
Trail, drove over a rattling heap of debris
at the first bend above the Klokhok's
mouth. Curiously he swerved his sled back
to investigate, and one brief look before he
whipped on showed the remnants of a bro-
ken sled mingled with gnawed husky and
human bones glistening white under a rising
moon.

  He whipped on fast and burst into the
cabin upon Sark who with a bandage over
a deep cut on his temple was forking bacon
from a frying-pan on the stove on to a plate.

  “Eric,” Tom greeted with a tremor of re-
lief in his voice, “I struck somethin’ up-
river, and I wasn’t—well, sure, you know!”

  “I’ve had visitors since you left,” replied
Sark grimly.

  “Eh?” Bassett put out a sympathetic,
hand. “But Eric, you didn’t-”

  “No,” returned his partner, gripping the
extended hand, “the hunt-pack saved me
the trouble. Sit in and have supper!”
FOREWORD

OUTH of the clustering .lEgean
Isles, half-way between Greece
and the rich Asiatic shore, the
island of Crete lies in the bosom
of the Mediterranean. Egypt is far to the
southeast of it, glorious in memories; and
still the huge temples of the Pharaohs lay
their mysterious enchantment on the minds
of men.

  It was but yesterday that British genius
uncovered, in the land of Minos, the fossil
bones of an empire mighty as that of the
Osirian Kings, and richer than Nile-girdled
Thebes could boast. Unknown and un-
dreamed of till our own day, the enormous
foundations of Cretan Knossos speak of a
civilization of centuries, founded, not on
legions and on conquest, but on trade and
the might of invincible navies. Mycenas
was its colony, Troy its dependent.

  Over the broken relics of its majesty,
tongues of fire have written a script which
we can read but imperfectly. Who burned
these royal cities, these kingly treasure-
houses? What daring conquerors crushed
the swarming fleets and descended with
tempestuous swiftness on the fair abodes?
No man knows; but this much is certain:

  the destroyers were sea-farers, with ships
  well-manned and numerous; for no danger
  could threaten Crete until the galleys which
  were her strength had been swept from the
  Mediterranean.

    Far away, in the north of Europe, mer-
  chants of another race brought rich cargoes
  into the ports of the North Sea and the
  Baltic, and carried on their traffic overland
  through Russia to Greece and the Eastern
  world, centuries before the vikings made
  their fierce raids on the southern coasts.
  They, too, were skilled mariners and terrible
  fighters, masters of the sea.

    In these daring seamen of southern Scan-
  dinavia, the authors have seen possible
  rivals and enemies of Crete. The fleets of
  Minos could not have endured the competi-
  tion of other powerful traders; and the
  Northmen were ever ready to fight for the
  goodly markets of the world. It might even
  be that these, the forefathers of the men of
  Wisby, Throndheim, and Bergen, met and
  received rebuffs from the Cretan lords of the
  Mediterranean. It may be that the stout
  ships of the North gathered, swept down on
  the painted galleys of Minos, and emptied
  their raging swordsmen on the Cretan coast.
  96
In the Grip of the Minotaur

97

  However this may be, somehow, at the
height of their beautiful, cruel culture, the
fair palaces of Knossos and Phasstos were
suddenly sacked and burned. With them,
the glory of the Mediterranean departed.
The strong hand of the Minoan king re-
laxed, the civilization of the south disinte-
grated; and for ages to come, darkness lay
over the lands until the light of Corinth,
Sparta, and Athens dispelled its barbaric
gloom.

  But still the memory of this marvelous
land haunted the Mediterranean world.

Long after, the Grecian traveler Herodotus
learned from Egyptian priests of a myste-
rious kingdom in the sea, founded by the
gods, and destroyed by an unparalleled
catastrophe.

  Magnified by repetition during the cen-
turies, the priestly tale told of a vast land,
peopled by a race supemally wise, and rich
beyond conception. Even to our own days
the legend has lingered, and men’s imagina-
tions still stir at the mention of the vanished
children of the gods, in the land of lost
Atlantis.

CHAPTER I

THE GRAY WOLF COMES

ROUND the sharp elbow of the little
bay shot a long, gray hull, urged by
the brisk wind in her swelling canvas and
the sturdy arms of forty rowers. As the
wolf’s head on her stem-post swung its
gaping, blood-red jaws round in a half-
circle, the single square sail spilled the wind,
flapped idly, and was quickly lowered and
stowed away, for the keelless northern
galley of 1400 b. c. could not tack.

  The voice of the shore-watch rang out
sharply through his cupped hands, in the
hybrid patois of the Mediterranean traders.

  “Who are ye who float hither with wolf-
painted sail and wolf on your prow? Whence
come ye? Is your errand peace or war?”
Two tall figures rose from the ship’s belly
and mounted the little half-deck forward,
where, steadying himself against the
shrouds, one roared reply:

  “We are Northmen, come from afar. We
are no sea-thieves, but honest traders,
bringing amber from our own shores and tin
from the Isle of Mines to Troy town-fair.
He who stands by me is our master—Rag-
narr, son of Sigmund, King of the Island
Goths. If we are welcome, speak; if not,
we go hence as we came.”

  As the shoreward wind bore the words to
him, the coast-guard raised a horn to his
lips and blew it twice. Out of the tower
behind him came a file of armed men who
ranged themselves in a close line along the
short beach. But, as the lashing oars
brought the galley closer in, the shore-
watch cried:

  “Ye are welcome, and may the peace ye
bring be with you!”

  The rowers drew in their dripping blades,
the heavy stone anchor rumbled over the
side and two boats were launched in quick
succession. Into the first clambered the
tall figures of captain and spokesman, fol-
lowed by six rowers; the second and.larger
boat was quickly filled with small bales
handed over the side, their bulk wrapped in
stout woolen cloth, bound with ropes of
bast.

  When these were stowed, the boat was
manned by eight sailors, each detaching a
shield from the ship’s gunwale as he came,
and slinging it over his left shoulder by a
leathern thong. Shoving off swiftly, the
seamen propelled the boats shoreward till
they grounded, and the two leaders leaped
down to the beach.

  The spokesman was a vast hulk of a man,
with a chest like a rampart, long, knotted
arms, and fierce, wise, old eyes. A bushy
red beard, slightly tinged with gray, hung
down in two forks over his breast.

  He who was called Ragnarr was a hand-
breadth taller, but slenderer, with the agile
grace of youth. Like all his race, he was
fair and his blond hair streamed down over
his shoulders. Wide, piercing eyes gazed
from a well-tanned face; cheeks smooth,
save for a white scar reaching from nose to
chin, and only partly obscured by a long
yellow mustache. A great sword hung in a
gold-mounted scabbard of leather at his
side, and in his right hand he carried a long
bronze-headed spear. All the strangers
wore plain bronze helmets, coarse woolen
shirts and tunics, and strips of the same
material wound about their lower legs, down
to the soft-leather shoes.

  But the shrewd-eyed coast-watch needed
no fine clothes to tell him who was in com-
mand and how to address him.
98

Adventure

  “Prince Ragnarr,” he said in deferential
tones, “all who come here with peaceful
thoughts are welcome, for our people are
eager for honest wares. But none may
enter the grounds of the fair till he has left
his weapons, either in his ship or at the
Temple of the Mother. I tell you this now,
that you may not unwittingly break the
laws of the land.”

  “It is a good law,” answered Ragnarr,
“ and one that I know of old for it is ob-
served at fair-times in our land also. But
can our wares be boated up this river or must
my men carry them, for they are heavy?”
He pointed to the wide Scamander,
which, flowing down through the fertile
plain girding the new-built city of Troy,
entered the harbor not a hundred yards
from the wolf-ship’s mooring.

  “The current is strong, but men like
yours should find it easy,” answered the
shore-watch, looking up with admiration at
the towering Northmen. “I am Kamas,
Captain of the Shore, and I will go with you
myself. Our king will wish to see such
heroes, for doubtless you have strange tales
to tell of the wide sea, and of the far-away
land whence you come.”

  With an inclination of his head, Ragnarr
again entered his boat, followed by Valgard
and the Trojan, who delegated his charge
to a younger officer. Just before the skiff
was pushed off, one of the Northmen
stepped out quietly and walked along the
shore toward the ship, holding something
under his mantle.

  Seated together in the boat, the Trojan
contrasted strangely enough with the blue-
eyed giants from the north. He was short,
dark, and clean-shaven like almost all his
race, wiry and athletic, with broad shoul-
ders and a slender waist, outlined by the
soft, girt-in tunic. His black hair curled
down below the edges of his red-plumed
helmet and his eyes were long, prominent
and heavily lashed. Unlike Ragnarr as he
was, he was even more unlike the massive
and ruddy Valgard, whose face was as
fierce and keen as that of the war-god of
his race.

THEY rowed on silently for a
space, till their boat, the foremost
of the two, rounded a curve of the
river, and the undergrowth which had lined
the bank was left behind. Then, as if a
curtain had been thrust aside, they saw a

fair, green plain, above which, reddened
with the last rays of the setting sun, the
great citadel of Troy rose from the massive
walls that crowned and girdled its sus-
taining hill.

  The Northmen raised an astonished cry.
Ragnarr, turning to the captain, said in an
awe-struck voice:

  “Cities have I seen, and strongholds, in
many lands, but never did I see or hear men
tell of such an abode as this. Your king
must be greater than all other earthly
rulers, for surely the home of the gods must
be like this city.”

  Kamas smiled, but made no answer.
After his own first involuntary exclamation,
Valgard strove mightily to appear unim-
pressed. He was older than Ragnarr’s
father and had not traveled for nothing.

  Now they came to a stone quay and
Kamas bade them disembark.

  “Your goods will be safe enough here,” he
said, “for none but the king’s household
use this landing and it is well guarded.”

  He spoke truly. No sooner had the first
sailors set foot on the stone steps than a file
of spearmen appeared and ordered them to
stand. But, at a sign from Kamas, their
officer bowed and led off his men as quickly
as they had come.

  It was now dark, and as they took the
paved road leading up from the water,
lights flashed out in all parts of the city.
Outlined against the glow, a huge wall
loomed like a cliff before them. No cressets
flared on the parapet, no lighted loopholes
starred the black bulk of tower and curtain
and bastion. Nor was there the slightest
sign of gate or gateway when the Northmen
came, unchallenged, to the end of the paved
way; only the solid wall.

  Then Kamas turned to the left and led
them along the foot of the wall, which,
after a score of paces, came to an end. A
turn to the right, four paces inward, a turn
to the right again, and the Northmen found
themselves following their guide down an
alley barely wide enough for two armed
men or a loaded pack-horse, with the wall on
either hand.

  Suddenly the darkness before them
changed to a yellow glare of torchlight, out-
lining blackly the stout bars of a metal
grating barring the way. At the same time,
a stir and rustle above and to the right
drew Ragnarr’s dazzled eyes upward to the
platform of the outer wall. There the glint
In the Grip of the Minotaur

99

of helmets and arrow-heads told how ready
were the Trojan archery to riddle the un-
shielded sides of the Northmen, packed
helpless in the brightly lit alley below.

  “Well trapped!” growled Valgard appre-
ciatively, as he tried to shift his broad
shield to his right arm without letting go
of his long spear.

  But Kamas spoke a word in the Trojan
tongue, the grating was swung wide by
unseen hands, and they passed round the
angle of the inner wall and entered the city.

  To the left a broad street opened out
before them; to the right rose a tall, white
temple.

  “Here you must leave your weapons,”
said Kamas, “for this is the Temple of the
Mother. I myself shall see to it that your
arms are safe, Prince Ragnarr, and in
particular that mighty sword, which must
be the gift of some god.”

  But Ragnarr answered:

  “Look more closely, friend Kamas, and
you will see that my scabbard is empty.
I do not doubt your good faith, but that
sword is indeed the gift of a god, who im-
posed on my race, his descendants, the
command that the blade should never
leave our kindred, even for a moment;
otherwise our house and people should
perish. I left it behind, therefore, with my
foster-brother, whom I ordered to quit the
last boat when you told us of your custom.
As we pulled up-stream, I saw my men row
out from the ship and take him back to it,
carrying the sword with him.”

  “It is wise to obey the commands of the
gods,” said Kamas, “but you could have
trusted me, my prince.”

  So saying, he led on through a narrow
thoroughfare past the face of the temple,
till they came to its entrance. A broad
stairway led up to a brilliantly lighted en-
trance, flanked by pikemen, drawn up on
either side of the stairs, and archers at the
top.

  Through this doorway they passed into
a broad court, flagged with great close-
fitting slabs of polished stone. Iron rings,
set into some of these, hinted at trap-doors
leading to vaults below.

  The temple, lighted so well without, was
dark within. A solitary torch gleamed at
the very back of the single court which
formed the interior and shone full on the
face of a great statue of bronze, repre-
senting a tall and majestic woman, clad in

sweeping robes but bare-bosomed. A
mitered crown adorned her head, and her
eyes were two great amethysts.

  Kamas prostrated himself and the North-
men followed his example, Valgard mutter-
ing that it was well to placate the gods of a
country where one hoped to tarry safely,
but that he called his own gods to witness
that it was no derogation of their majesty.

  Arising, Kamas pointed to the low and
broad stone altar before the goddess, its
outlines barely visible in the gloom, on
which lay many faintly glimmering objects.

  “These are the arms of the common mer-
chants,” he said. “But yours shall be
better cared for.”

  Stooping, he pressed one of the stones in
the side of the altar. It turned on its cen-
ter, revealing a cavernous opening.

  “I pray you, let your men lay their
weapons here,” he said, and Ragnarr spoke
a few words of command in his native tongue.

  Readily the sailors complied, after which
Kamas led them out through the great en-
trance and down the road back of the city
wall, to the broad street which led to the
citadel from the western gate. This street
was full of Trojans, taking the air and wait-
ing till their houses, heated like ovens by
the long day’s sun, became cool enough’ to
sleep in. Here, in the lower wards, fish were
being roasted over street-corner fires and
sold by the skewerful, while circles of
thirsty ones squatted round the tubs of
crude beer, which they were sucking through
straws to avoid the loose barley floating on
the surface.

  Longingly looked the seamen at the food
and drink, and exchanged appreciative
glances with the dark-eyed women who
mingled freely with the crowd. But not a
man of Ragnarr’s crew lingered behind, for
they knew their captain.

  “Here,” said Kamas, stopping before a
large dwelling that seemed dark and empty,
“is a guest-house where your men must
remain till morning, for at night no stran-
gers are permitted nearer the citadel.”

  The place was a low, one-story stone
building, with a deeply recessed doorway.
Kamas took a torch from a niche in the
recess, lit it at the flare of the nearest door-
light, unlocked the wooden door of the
guest-house with a bronze key, and all
entered. Here was a single large room,
with a door in the rear leading to an ante-
chamber.
IOO

Adventure

  Kindling the torches stuck in brackets
about the walls, Kamas pointed to the
numerous stools and mats ranged about the
floor and then stepped to a sunken closet
in the wall. Holding his torch before it, he
showed fruit, bread, and wine-jars to the
staring sailors, then turned toward the
door.

  “If it please you, my prince,” he said to
Ragnarr, “it is time to wait on the king.”
Here Valgard interrupted:

  “I have traveled far and wide, O Kamas,”
he said in angry tones, “but never yet have
I, the spokesman and kinsman of my
prince, been forbidden to go where he goes,
nor will I begin, at my age, to learn new
customs.”

  But Ragnarr interposed:

 “Strong men can break customs, but
only the weak break discipline. If you go
with me, who will keep these?” and he
pointed at his men who were wrenching the
plugs from the wine-jars, “from drowning
their sea-thirst with half the ale in Troy?”
“You speak wisdom where Kamas spake
folly,” answered Valgard, turning on his
heel.

  “Take no notice of his bear’s manners,”
said Ragnarr to the captain, as they left
the house. “He growls at all times and is
silent only when he bites. He loves me
well and would keep by me at all times.”
They continued their way in the same
direction, following the street up a steep
slope, cut at intervals by broad concentric
avenues, dug out of the hill itself and faced
with polished stones. The spaces between
these avenues formed terraces covered with
buildings, the richer of stone, the poorer of
sun-baked brick.

  At every street corner the two encoun-
tered the same dense crowd of people come
out to enjoy the cool night-air after the
stifling day. All who met the pair stared
open-mouthed at Ragnarr’s tall, barbaric
figure.

  All at once, as they were elbowing their
way through the thronged intersection of
the street with one of the avenues, an ap-
proaching voice cried out in a high-pitched,
nasal chant. The crowds divided to right
and left, squeezing as close as they could to
the walls of the buildings on either side, and
all tongues were silent even in the midst of
speech.

  Then was heard the sound of pattering
feet and round the curve of the avenue

came two half-naked runners, carrying
wands of office. They were followed by an
open litter, borne by four brawny blacks
clad in leopard-skin kirtles.

  Like sheaves bending in the wind, the
long, dense lines of the multitude sank to
their knees in one motion, the rustle of
their garments drowning out the foot-beat
of the runners. Kamas knelt with the rest,
but Ragnarr, gazing at the litter in frank
curiosity, suddenly saw a vision that caused
him to stand as still as the heart in his own
breast.

  The light from the torch on the house-
corner behind him fell full on the face of
the occupant of the passing litter, so that
it was outlined against the dark like a
cameo. It was the face of a young girl, her
profile clear, well-shaped and of exquisite
beauty.

  For a moment Ragnarr stood immovable,
his eyes fastened on that face, till it grew
dim and faded out from the rays of light.
Then he became aware that all the people
had risen, and Kamas was plucking him by
the sleeve. He turned to follow, then
stopped again and asked his guide:

  “Who is she who passed but now, whose
beauty made all the people bow before her?
Is she a goddess?”

  Kamas looked up at him curiously and
answered with a shade of amusement in his
voice:

  “It is Ilia, daughter of Dardanus our
king, and the people bowed before her
royalty.”

  Ragnarr moved slowly forward, his eyes
rapt, his lips murmuring softly: “Ilia!
Ilia!”

CHAPTER II

ILIA

SOFT-FOOTED attendants bore away
the empty dishes, and, returning, filled
the slender cups with the amber wine of
Sidon. Then the white-haired king, his
shrew’d old face alight with interest, turned
to the grave-featured youth at his right
and said:

  “It is indeed a wondrous tale, Prince
Ragnarr. I have seen men of your race
who had come by the overland road, show-
ing their wares at the market in Mycenae;
but their ships have never before ventured
the long voyage to our seas. And you say
In the Grip of the Minotaur

IOI

that your people have many such ships?”
“In our land, O king,” answered the
Northman, “every village furnishes a galley,
every district a host, to my father’s ven-
tures in peace and war. We could muster
two hundred ships on our island, and can
draw as many more at need from our allies
on the mainland.”

  The king pondered this statement a mo-
ment, then turned again to his guest and
said, with a courteous gesture: “We have
wearied you with our curiosity. Let us
go, if you please, to my apartments.”

  At once he rose and all at the table stood
up, bowed their heads, and remained stand-
ing till the king and the stranger he had
honored had passed from the columned
hall. At the door the two sentries drew
aside and raised their shields in salute.

  The king preceded Ragnarr down a long
corridor to a curtained entrance, through
which they passed together. Ragnarr then
found himself in a stately chamber, paneled
and roofed with cedar, the ceiling being
supported by graceful shafts of the same
wood. Seating himself on a richly carved
armchair of Egyptian workmanship, the
king waved his guest to a divan opposite,
where the light of a perfumed torch fell
full on his face.

  “I have dangerous neighbors,” King
Dardanus began, picking his words slowly.
“Certain matters make it inadvisable for
me to tell their names, but they have been
troublesome ever since it seemed good to
me that our power should expand. I built
new walls for my city, and they bribed the
contractors to furnish poor stone. I in-
creased the size of my armies, and they—
well, they interfered with my supply of
metal, for the mines are in their hands.
If I could find a strong, determined man,
with some force at his back, it might be
profitable to him.”

  Here he paused and looked at Ragnarr
keenly. The young man was listening
with grave interest, but his features showed
nothing more.

  “The man for my purpose must be a
merchant, with an eye for good weapons,”
continued Dardanus, speaking with slow
emphasis. “His ears must be open and
his lips shut; he must sail to and fro be-
tween here and—certain ports, with car-
goes of whatsoever I may specify, and must
carry large sums in gold and silver to pay
for the things which I require. Naturally,

he must be prepared both to resist pirates
and repel the curious.”

  Still Ragnarr made no sign, and the king
spoke on:

  “The rewards would be far greater than
the income of the richest trader, to com-
pensate for the lack of fame and safety in
the enterprise; for, of course, my name and
that of my city could not be brought into
the matter.”

  As the-young man was still silent, the
king cleared his throat and began again:

  “If you know such a man, I should be
most grateful if you would bring him to me,
especially if he were one of your race. You
are silent and strong, and such must my

servants be. In the meantime-”

  He broke off and stared at the curtain.
Ragnarr’s eyes followed his gaze and saw a
dainty white hand on the fold. Next in-
stant the curtain was thrust aside, and a
lithe, supple form stood before them. It
was a girl of some seventeen or eighteen
years, her white garments clinging to her
shapely figure, her black hair streaming
down about her hips.

  Her beautifully rounded arms were bare
to the elbow. Her complexion was much
lighter than that of most of her people;
the features small and daintily molded,
the chin rounded and dimpled, but firm
and strong. Her great brown eyes were
fringed with sweeping lashes, and the red
of her lips showed even in the half-light.
As her glance fell on Ragnarr she stopped,
eyes opened in surprise, and her face
flushed to the pink of a Persian rose.

  “Forgive me, father,” she said in soft,
sweet tones. “I believed you were alone.”
But she made no move to go, and her
eyes were fixed on Ragnarr, who had risen
and stood riveted to the floor, staring in
mute astonishment; his breast heaved and
his face showed both admiration and won-
dering recognition. The king made a
gesture of resignation.

  “Remain, my daughter,” he answered.
“This is my honored guest and, I hope, my
friend, Prince Ragnarr, heir to a great and
powerful kingdom in the distant north.
Lord Ragnarr, this heedless child is the
Princess Ilia, whom the gods gave me last
of all my children. It is a pretty lass, but
somewhat wilful.”

  The princess advanced a step, her hand
held out in greeting.

  “My father’s friends are ever welcome
102

Adventure

to me,” she said. Ragnarr strode forward,
his face red with embarrassment, bent over
the small hand and kissed it, but found no
words. Neither seemed able to look away
from the other, the girl surveying his mighty
stature and clear, handsome features, the
man’s worshiping gaze fixed on the beauty
of her face. King Dardanus took in the
situation with shrewd, twinkling eyes.

  Ilia turned to the king, still glancing
covertly at the Northman from the corners
of her long-fringed eyes.

  “I shall wait on you in my mother’s
chamber, my father,” she said, and with
one swift last look at the stalwart North-
man, vanished behind the curtains.

  Ragnarr drew a long breath, and swift
resolve was written on his face.

  “One who seeks such a man as your
majesty has described,” he said, “would
find a faithful servant in me.”

CHAPTER III

TROY FAIR

“OIXES again! My luck holds, lads.” The

  ^ dapper little gambler from Mycena;,
deftly palming the dice, substituted two
others, which he shoved over to one of
his opponents. These were raw-boned,
sheepskin-clad lumbermen from the Euxine
camps who had come to the Troad with
timber floated down the Straits. As their
speech showed, their race was closely akin
to that of Ragnarr and his Northmen.

  One of the pair sullenly untwisted the
coil of silver from his upper arm and threw
it down in front of the Mycenaean. It
was clear that he had no more to lose. As
he rose, however, the wine-shop door burst
open and in stalked a long line of his fel-
lows, one after the other.

  The foremost took in the situation at a
glance.

  “Plucked, Bikki?” he roared out in a
voice already mellow. “Sit down again,
you oaf, and play till you strip him of silver,
earrings, and shirt.”

  Bikki spread out his hands, indicating
the completeness of his defeat.

  “But we have more, lad!” cried the new-
comer, clinking a sack of silver counters,
which, unalloyed and unstamped, formed
the ready money of the land. “He has
had all our skins from here to Cyprus, but
we have him now, and he shall pay.”

  So saying, he dumped the contents of
the sack out on to the floor in front of Bikki,
then stepped behind him and leaned against
the wall. His fellows grouped themselves
around him and watched with intense
absorption.

  Counter after counter found its way into
the pouch of the clever sharper, and anger
and discontent settled down on the lumber-
men’s faces. They were too wrapt up in
their own gloom to heed the lively passages
between the Syrian with the gaudy head-
band and the one-eyed Sicilian vender of
clay figures, who were indulging in satirical
personal comments intended for the ears
of the blowzy barmaid. She smiled at
each impartially, then turned to wink at a
tall sailor, who immediately ordered a
pitcher of the finest wine.

  Suddenly an inarticulate roar arose from
a near-by bench, which encircled a large
beer-cask with its curving ends.

  “You have said enough, you filthy, naked
swine!” cried a mighty-shouldered North-
man, thrusting one ham-like fist close to
the nose of a smiling Egyptian. “You
have heaped on me ill names, you have
called my people fleabitten barbarians, and
I answered you with pleasant jests. But
when you dare to revile my lord Ragnarr,
calling him timber for your beggarly Pha-
raoh’s footstool, you try a patient man too
far. What deeds has this Pharaoh done
that you rate him so highly?”

  “You shall hear,” answered the Egyptian;
and drawing from its case a five-stringed
instrument of harp-like shape, he placed
its side against his olive-colored body, and
struck it resonantly.

  “Hark to the deeds of the godlike Amen-
othes!” he sang. “Hark how he whelmed
the peoples in battle, how he ate up the
children of the distant lands!”

  A wild, stirring chant it was, its minor
melody weaving in and out with varied
phrase, the strophes interspersed with the
repeated refrain—

  “He smiteth them with his crescent ax,
his glittering, moon-shaped ax!”

  With a swift blow the Northman dashed
the instrument from the singer’s hands,
the strings shattering with a vibrant wail.

“This is enough of axes!” he cried, his
eyes shining with the light of battle. “Be
silent, and hear a man sing of a sword!”
Swelling his deep chest, he opened his
mouth, and in a crashing voice that made
In the Grip of the Minotaur

the wine-cups rattle on their racks, he sang
the war-song of his house.

        “The Song of the Sword!

                Tyr!

         The swift, surging death-flare,

         The bright flame of battle!

        The War-God hath forged it

        Ages uncounted

         Ere earth was shapen;

        Hammered and hardened it,

         In its hot metal
         Bound the strife-demon,

         Breathed his grim anger.

         With cunning he shaped it,

        With curses envenomed;

         Whoso shall wield it
         Ne’er shall be conquered;

         Death shall go with him,

         Follow him, drive him
         To riches and conquest,

         To glory and ruin.

          Ne’er shall he fall

          Till fate shall beguile him;

        Then the wild demon,

         Walled in its edges,

         Shall wrench from his hand-clasp
         And rend him asunder!

                “Tyr!

        The Smith Immortal
        The gray sword hath given
        In the fulness of time
        To his son, the first Tyrfing.

         Far o’er all earth-realms
         His fame spread, unbounded:

         The Sword in his strong hand
         Swept all folk before him;

         Till, heaped with honors,

          In the height of his glory,

        It wrenched from his hand
        And rent him asunder! '

                “Tyr!

         From father to son

         It hath passed, as Fate doomed it,

          And shall, till the anger
          Of Tyr be averted.

         Now a hero holds it
         Hardiest of earth-folk,

         Brave in adventuring,

         Matchless in battle;

          Ne’er shall he falter,

         Nor fail of conquest;

         While blade cleaves to handle,

         While blood dyes the edges,

         While gray sword slayeth,

        And gray wolf devoureth,

         His fame shall soar upward
         As soars the swift eagle,

         And shelter the peoples
         ’Neath the shade of his pinions.

         “This is the Sword-Song,

         The Song of our People,

        The Song of the Gray Sword;

        The Song he hath taught us—

                Tyr!”

The harsh northern words meant noth-
ing to many of his listeners, but a shout

103

went up from the lumbermen. Bikki, his
throw made, raised shining eyes to the
bard and followed the final words of the
song with a “Tyr!” that made the rafters
ring. Then, looking down, he echoed this
with a cry of anger and, seizing the My-
cenaean by the hand, pressed the knuckles
with his broad thumb, till the gambler’s
lips were compressed with pain, his fingers
unclinched and a second pair of dice clat-
tered on to the table. Still holding his
man’s hand in a grip like the pinch of a
half-split log, Bikki whipped out his knife
and cut through a die near the top, reveal-
ing a little disk of lead.

  A savage, prolonged hiss shot from the
lumbermen’s lips, and they crowded about
the two, muttering ominously. Three vil-
lainous-looking fellows stole out of the
darkest corner, drawing crooked knives
from their garments.

  As the tavern-keeper rushed up and flung
his arms around Bikki’s neck, the foremost
of the three slipped behind Bikki with
ready blade; but a red-haired lumberman
seized the ruffian’s arm and flung him to
the pavement. In the confusion that fol-
lowed, the gambler freed himself and crept
snake-like toward the door.

  Bikki wrenched himself free from the
encircling arms of the landlord and rushed
after the Mycentean, only to trip over a
stool and knock himself senseless against
the raised stone threshold, across which
his adversary had just disappeared. The
other lumbermen looked at each other in
bewildered amazement, their slow-working
brains befuddled with wine and dazed by
the swiftness of events.

  At that moment the excited bard, still
tingling with the cadences of his barbaric
song, flung back his head and chanted the
last strophe once more, and the lumbermen
swayed their bodies in drunken abandon
to the rhythm. As the word “Tyr!” burst
from the singer’s lips, a frenzied light kin-
dled in their eyes. With a loud shout of
“Tyr! Tyr! Kill! Kill!” they burst through
the tavern door and swept down the main
street of the fair-grounds, leaving behind
them a broad trail of overturned booths,
torn fabrics, smashed pottery, spilled sweet-
meats and rolling fruit.

  Before them bolted shopkeepers and
customers on panic-winged feet. Tearing
down the sail-cloths that sheltered the
booths from the sun, pulling up the long
104

Adventure

wooden tent-pins and aiming blows with
them at everything breakable, human or
otherwise, that came within arm-sweep,
the frenzied lumberjacks cleared the street.
Soon not a single figure could be seen for
rods in front of them, while behind them
stretched a broad avenue of desolation.
Roaring their fierce chant of “Tyr! Tyr!
Kill! Kill!” they bore down on the crowded
center of the fair-grounds.

GROANS, hisses, and catcalls rose
from the tight-packed crowd in
front of the wooden scaffold. The
discomfited jugglers hastily retired into the
cloth shelter at the back, fearing more
tangible evidence of the disapproval of
their audience. At last an articulate voice
rang out above the general tumult, and the
entire multitude took up the cry in eager,
insistent unison:

  “Rala! Give us Rala! We want Rala!
Rala! Rala!”

  For several minutes the clamor swelled;
then came a gaping, expectant silence.
The curtain of the tent had stirred. Now
a wild, prolonged cheer went up, as the
lissom figure of a girl bounded to the very
edge of the platform and stood there, bow-
ing and throwing kisses. She was small,
almost to tininess, and her supple, pliant
form was perfectly revealed by her pro-
fessional costume—a narrow cloth about
the loins and a tight cap enclosing the
hair.

  When the tumult had died down an
assistant came out, carrying a long sword.
From his sleeve he drew a feather, tossed
it into the air, and held the blade beneath
it. The plume floated down across the
edge, and without a perceptible check con-
tinued its fluttering course in two pieces.
Then he raised the sword, swung it round
his head twice and made a lightning-like
stroke at Rala. The crowd shuddered,
but Rala, poised on tiptoe, lightly turned
a complete back-somersault, landing up-
right at the extreme back of the stage. A
sigh of relief escaped from the audience,
followed by a crash of applause.

  Now a second man emerged from the
tent, his well-muscled body rippling with
every movement. He advanced to the
front and stood still, feet together and arms
out horizontally from his sides. Rala,
with a single bound, landed on his shoul-
ders, stood there balancing a moment, and

stooped till her hands rested in front of her
feet. Then, slowly and carefully, her head
resting on his, she swung her feet backward
and upward till they pointed skyward.
Her arms moved down and out at her sides,
paralleling those of her partner; and her
legs bowed out from her jointed feet till
they formed an ellipse. Man and woman
together formed a complete and nearly
perfect crux ansata.

  On her feet once more, Rala began an
intricate and dangerous sword-dance, tread-
ing the measures with her hands, her body
poised in the air above the dangerous
blades. Suddenly there was a craning of
necks, cries of alarm were heard, and the
crowd began to melt. In a few minutes it
was quite dispersed, men, women and chil-
dren fleeing in a dozen directions.

  Her two assistants scrambled down to
investigate, then ran away swiftly, think-
ing only of themselves. Still Rala danced
on. Absorbed in the joy of the skilled
artist, she had not once looked at the au-
dience, had interpreted their cries of alarm
as expressions of fear for the dangers of
her performance, and was quite unaware
that she was alone. One, two more mo-
tions of the deft hands, and she hurled her
body over the blades, lighting squarely on
her feet in front of—emptiness.

  There she stood, arms wide for her bow,
and noticed for the first time that her au-
dience had disappeared. A cry of bitter
disappointment burst from her; she stood
looking out over the desolate place with
eyes in which tears of anger and mortifica-
tion burned. Then, and not till then, her
ears caught the sound of many feet and of
rough, threatening voices.

  Fear came into her eyes. She leaped
down to the street and fell, rose, staggered
and fell again with a sob of agony, as an
intolerable pain shot through her ankle.
Vainly she strove to rise, the shouts of the
approaching mob ringing in her ears.

  Then they burst upon her, a surging line
of sheepskin-clad giants armed with long
tent - pins. The foremost lumberman,
whooping with triumph, stooped, passed
an arm round her struggling body and
lifted her to his breast.

  Her lithe limbs writhed and the muscles
stood out on her well-trained arms like
lashing cords. In vain. The mighty clasp
of the savage that held her did not weaken.
In desperation she sank her teeth into his
In the Grip of the Minotaur

105

bare neck. With a harsh oath he dropped
her and clapped his hand to the wound.

  As she fell, another lunged at her and
swung her to him. She struck him in the
face with her clinched fists; then blackness
closed in upon her.

RAGNARR stood in front of his
booth, the covering of which was the
wolf-painted sail of his galley. On
either hand, the wrappings of the now-
opened bales were stretched over oars to
make two more tents, in one of which his
men displayed pieces of red, white, or golden
amber, in the other, ingots of pure tin.

  The Trojan officer of police beside him
had just said something highly amusing,
at which the young Northman threw back
his head with a shout of laughter. Sud-
denly he started and listened with straining
ears, his hand clutching the officer’s arm.

  “It is trouble of some sort,” he said.
“There are many of them, by the voices.
You will need men at your back.”

  The officer, whose city-bred ears were
less keen, stood listening for a moment,
then exclaimed—

  “You are right! I go.”

  And go he did, at a swift pace.

  Out of the tent came the grim figure of
Valgard.

  “Well, master!” he exclaimed. “The
wind brings the sound of battle, and where
there is fighting the wolves must follow.”
“Here come sheep,” answered Ragnarr
contemptuously, as a knot of traders and
mountebanks came rushing round the cor-
ner, their faces sallow with fright.

  “Run for your lives!” gasped a fat Tyrian
as he panted past. “Ten shipfuls of Euxine
pirates are harrying the fair!”

  “I hear no clatter of sword on shield,”
said Ragnarr calmly. “It is no battle, but
a fair-time brawl. Still, do you, Tyrleif,
keep the men together and guard the booths
while Valgard and I go to look at these
peace-breakers.”

  Swiftly the two Northmen strode to the
street-corner, round which poured an ever-
thickening stream of fugitives who swerved
to right and left to let them pass. They
turned the corner and saw dust rising and
tents going down some fifty paces up the
main street before the onrush of a mob of
skin-clad men, waving long clubs.

  “Wait, master,” said Valgard. “We
can not meet those lads unarmed.”

  “See what that tall fellow is carrying,”
answered Ragnarr. “Hasten!”

  Up the street he dashed, and Valgard,
willy-nilly, after him. The advancing mob
saw two unarmed men speeding toward
them, hesitated and stopped in surprise.
Ragnarr strode straight to the man who
carried Rala, seized him by the arm and
roughly commanded him to put her down.
The lumberman stared at him stupidly for
a moment, then, realizing the import of his
words, cursed him violently and tried to pass.

  With one upward swing of his fist, Rag-
narr sent the giant spinning, and wrenched
Rala from his relaxing grasp. Swinging
her to his shoulder, he started to give back;
but with shouts of rage the mob pressed in
upon him, shouting: “Kill! Kill!”

  Ragnarr had but one arm free to defend
himself and his burden, and it would have
gone hard with him but for Valgard. To
right and left shot the veteran’s great knot-
ted fists, and two men fell as if poleaxed.

  Seizing a stake from the hand of one of
them, Valgard placed himself beside his
master and struck out with fury. His
terrific blows never missed, and those in
front began to give way. But the two
Northmen were outflanked, and a club
came down from the left, striking for Rag-
narr’s head. He threw up his free hand
to ward off the blow, which fell on his heavy
spiral armlet, shattering it to pieces. But
it had checked the force of the blow, or his
arm had been broken.

  Hitting his man under the chin with all
the strength of his arm, Ragnarr gave back
as fast as he could. He stumbled, turned,
and felt his back fetch up against some-
thing solid. It was the scaffolding of Rala’s
platform. Now he was safe on one side
at least.

  Valgard pressed close to him, striking
rapidly and coolly. Some one in the rear
threw a stake, which thudded against the
wood beside Ragnarr’s head.

  “They have us now,” said Valgard
through his clinched teeth.

  Above the tumult sang a strident sound,
half hum and half hiss, and one of the lum-
bermen pitched forward, arms outstretched,
with an arrow between his shoulder-blades.
The sound came again, more loudly, and
three others fell. Then, with a shout, a
detachment of the soldiery who policed the
fair charged in with drawn swords. Cries
of pain mingled with yells of fury.
io6

Adventure

  The mob made a short stand, then turned
and fled in panic, but many were overtaken
in mid-flight by the swift arrows. In five
minutes the place was clear, save for the
dead and dying who were picked up and
carried off by the soldiers.

  “Are you unhurt, my lord?” asked the
officer—the same with whom Ragnarr had
been talking when he first heard the uproar.

  “I am well, but this maid seems some-
what injured,” answered Ragnarr, bending
solicitously over Rala.

  “It is nothing but a contortionist,” said
the officer, “who makes sport for the rabble
on street-corners. It is not possible that
my lord risked his life for such as she?”
“Sir,” replied Ragnarr, his cheeks flushed
with anger, “in my land a woman is a wo-
man, and men are willing to die for her,
whether she be a peasant’s girl or a king’s
daughter. You have done your work well,
and I shall mention it to your royal master.
Now leave us, for we have work to do.”

  He carried the girl to his booth, laid her
under the shade of the sail and bathed her
temples and her swollen ankle with wine.
Her eyes opened. She looked up at him
with tears streaming down her cheeks.

  “I had fainted,” she said, “but when I
awoke you were holding me in your arms,
and fighting. I heard what the soldier
said, and it is true. You should not have
risked your life for me; but it was noble,
and I thank you—I thank you.”

  “Hush, child,” answered Ragnarr. “You
are hurt and overwrought, and must not
talk till you are stronger.”

  He drew his gray mantle over her, for
the evening breeze had sprung up and it
was cold.

  “I have poor quarters to offer you, but
here you must stay till your ankle is well
again and you can walk.”

  “Lord,” she replied with a sob, “you
have done me the first kindness I have ever
known, and I shall never leave you while
Hive.” .

CHAPTER IV

THE COMPACT

“ ARE you sure he is safe? He was not
     hurt?”

  “Quite sure, Princess. A little thing
she was, and no great burden for him.”
“And is she beautiful?”

  “As women of her sort are beautiful.
Her face seemed a good one, though she
was not clothed as a modest girl should be.”
The two women stood in the Northeast
Tower of the Citadel overlooking the little
plain between the rolling Simois and the
Scamander. The sun was not yet high
enough to drive them to seek shelter from
its heat, and it was pleasant to look out
over the lovely valley and the low hills
beyond to where the Straits broadened out
into the blue .^gean. Ilia stood silent for
a moment, wrapped in anxious thought.

  “I must see him,” she said slowly. “Has
he reported the matter to the king?”

  “Not yet,” answered the attendant,
“but I heard Acharsis, the captain of Ar-
chers, say that the Northman had been
sent for and would come before noon to-
day.”

  “Then he should be here within two
hours,” the princess said meditatively.
“Do you go and watch for him, and send
him to me before he goes to the king.”

  The maid bowed and descended the
stone stairs.

  Ilia leaned against the parapet, her chin
resting in her cupped hands. She no longer
saw the turbulent little river girdling the
green bosom of the plain, nor felt the sea-
wind that blew a loose strand of her dark
hair across her cheek. She was thinking
of the stately Northman, whose stern, fair
young face had mingled itself with her
waking thoughts and thrust itself into her
dreams from that first moment when she
had pushed aside the curtains of her fa-
ther’s chamber and seen him standing be-
fore her.

  Why did she think of him so much? He
was a stranger of uncommon stature and
striking appearance, a figure one could
hardly forget so soon. But that was not
all. When her waiting-maid told her of
the wild street-fight in which Ragnarr had
stood in peril of Ms life, her heart had beat-
en tumultuously, as if something deep
within her had been intimately bound up
with his safety.

  But what was he to her? Why should
she care whether he lived or died? One
life more or less mattered little in the cruel
world in which she moved. In spite of
herself, however, she had been deeply dis-
turbed. And when she heard how Ragnarr
had carried that woman of the corner shows
in his arms, her head on his shoulder, and
In the Grip of the Minotaur

107

borne her to his own lodging, a sharp pang
shot through her, and the beautiful day lost
something of its brightness.

  It was maddening merely to think that
she, a princess of the blood of Teucer,
should resent a kindness shown by a wan-
dering stranger to a wretched little acrobat.
Was she bewitched? Had this Northman,
with his strange gods, cast a spell over her?

  So absorbed was she in her disturbed
fancies that she did not hear the soft scrape
of leather-shod feet on the stairs, did not
feel the presence behind her. A low, grave
voice broke in upon her reverie—

  “You sent for me, lady?”

  She turned swiftly, the color mounting
her cheeks to the very eyes. Yes, it was
he. She was conscious of a strange thrill,
half gladness and half fear, which she strove
in vain to suppress. With an effort, she
mastered herself.

  “Yes,” she replied. “I have been told
that yesterday at the fair you did a deed of
which I would hear from your own lips.
You braved peril of death for a woman
who was nothing to you. Such a sacrifice
for one dearly loved—that I can under-
stand; but I know no man in Troy who
would risk a finger for a street-girl’s life.”
Her clear eyes searched his face.

  “It was little enough for a man to do,
lady,” he replied, for the moment shy and
embarrassed. “I have staked life and
limb often for fame, even for riches; and is
not a human life of much more worth than
these?”

  “I have often thought so,” she answered,
her admiration showing in spite of herself.
“But I have heard no other say it till now.
You are indeed a stranger among us, Prince
Ragnarr. In this land into which you have
come, every effort is strained to keep the
breath in one’s own poor body, and to win
favors from the great. Some time I should
like to know more of your land, and of your
gods who give you such good and gentle
thoughts. But tell me what you intend
to do with this girl, since you can not keep
her in a company of men.”

  Ragnarr frowned.

  “I do not know,” he said. “She is a
good child and puts herself out to be use-
ful, but I confess that I am troubled con-
cerning her. My men cast their eyes upon
her, and I fear for her safety. Besides, she
keeps about me whenever she can, so that
I scarcely have a moment for myself. If

she had any one to care”for her, I would have
sent her to them before this; but she is
friendless, and, moreover, she refuses to
leave me.”

  Ilia laughed musically, a happy laugh.
The sense of oppression rolled from her.
If this girl were anything to the man who
had saved her life, he could not have spoken
of her as he did, nor thought of sending
her away. She regarded him a moment
with softly sparkling eyes and then laid
her hand on his arm.

  “You can find a way out of your own
difficulty and serve me at the same time,”
she said gently. “I am in need of a com-
panion who will speak to me of real things,
who will tell me how my people five—their
joys and sufferings, their hopes and fears.
None are permitted to tell such things to
me. I hear only what is agreeable, yet I
know there are those in the world who are
harassed, for I have passed through the
city and seen faces on which sorrow had
set its seal. This girl must have known
such things, and she can help me to learn
the needs of the people. Give her to me,
and I will see that she lacks nothing. Will
you do this for me?”

  “Lady,” answered Ragnarr, his voice
strangely stirred, “I will do this, or any-
thing, for you.”

  “Send her to me in two days, then,” said
Ilia, “for on the day after tomorrow, one
of my waiting-women goes to her father’s
house. Now tell me, you who are so brave
and yet so gentle, what have you to do
with the dark plans of my father, who
never gives his friendship save to those
whom he means to use? I have not seen
you more than a few times, but I know
that you are of a metal too fine for his
shaping.”

   “He has confided but little in me as yet,
but I gather that there are matters of
trading and fighting to be done, and these
are my profession.”

  “But are you satisfied to imperil your-
self, and the men who trust you, in an-
other’s quarrel? He must have offered
you much gold.”

  “You do me wrong, lady,” answered
Ragnarr vehemently. “I am a king’s son
and take no service under any man for
gold. My sword is my own, and I do not
sell it.”

   “Ah,” she said, with a little sigh of re-
lief. “Then there is some weightier reason?”
io8

Adventure

  “Yes, a reason that in my eyes outweighs
life itself, gold and kingdoms.”

“And you can not tell me what it is?”
Again her white hand rested lightly on
his arm; her lips smiled. Her unconscious-
ly intimate, gently pleading manner, over-
whelmed him.

  “Not now, lady, not now,” he stam-
mered. “But, by my gods, I shall tell you
some time, if I live!”

  She felt his arm tremble under her hand
and drew back in a soft palpitation of
ffight which she did not understand.

  A dry chuckle sounded behind them.
Ragnarr turned around sharply, his hand
instinctively at his empty scabbard: Then
the fire died out of his eyes and confusion
fell upon him. Ilia’s head was bowed, her
cheeks scarlet.

  “Well, children,” wheezed old Dardanus,
“your talk must have been interesting to
make you so blind and deaf. I have been
standing here as long as a man might count
six score, and I might have been a brick in
this wall for all the respect you paid me.
But now run to your mother, girl. The
sun here is too hot for your dainty cheeks,
though it can harm this weather-beaten
Northman little.”

  With a dutiful bow, not unmixed with
trepidation, Ilia swept down the stair, her
fine head tilted a little proudly.

  “Now, my young friend,” said the old
king, swiftly changing to a confidential
manner, “it is time, is it not, I told you
more of my purposes? But first, you have
entered my service of your own free will,
and of your own free will you may draw
out again, if the thought of danger disturbs
you aught.”

  “My lord,” answered Ragnarr haughtily,
“a hero is my father, and my mother was
as familiar with the spear as with the dis-
taff. I took my first pap on the point of-a.
sword, and drank my first wine out of a
skull. If you desire to lose my services,
speak of danger to me but once more.”
“Nay, nay, be not so hot with me,”
broke in the king. “If you love danger so,
I can make her your constant companion,
your bride. But this is the whole matter,
and you may take it or leave it. As you
know, Troy depends for its very life on the
trade which is floated hither from all di-
rections. From the northeast, timber is
rafted down from the Euxine; slaves are
borne to us from the south, amber from

your own land, and tin from the Isle of
Mines in the northern seas, while copper
is carried—when it comes at all—from the
island of Crete.

  “Now follow me closely. Crete is the
seat of a mighty empire which could crush
me as a cat crushes a bird. I have a strong
city and brave men, but of what avail is
courage without weapons? I can not make
swords and spears without bronze; I can
not make bronze without copper and tin.
Minos, King of Crete, levies a crushing
tribute on me, and if I withhold it he keeps
copper from me and forbids the Myceneeans
to send me the tin which enters their waters.
I have no ships of my own, and Minos’s
countless sails dot the wide waters of the
Mediterranean. If after a time I am still
defiant, he blockades my ports, and shuts
out all things which come by sea. Then
my trade dies and my people grow poor.

  “If I had sufficient store of weapons for
a long war, I could spit at him. Now, you
are a daring seaman and have your own
ship. I can not obtain the raw metal for
my needs, but with your aid I can import
weapons ready-made from Egypt, whose
Pharaoh controls the copper-mines of Sinai.
If I traded with him direct, Minos of Crete
would know it, and, being mightier than I,
could persuade Egypt to refuse to trade
with me. But you are unknown in these
southern lands. I will send you with se-
cret letters to the Pharaoh Amenothes,
and you shall contract to carry gold and
silver to him, ostensibly for spice and ala-
baster, and bring back swords, spear-heads,
and arrow-points of bronze.”

  “And then,” interrupted Ragnarr, stirred
to enthusiasm, “we can store food and
water in the vaults of temples and palaces,
shut ourselves within the walls, and defy
this island tyrant!”

  “Not so rash! Not so rash!” admonished
Dardanus. “A war is not won so. We
might hold out a year, perhaps, but his
ships would shut us off from the world,
destroy our trade, cut off help from without
—even sail up the Scamander. And his
sea-thieves, disembarking, would pillage
our lands and reap our harvests. The
bravest heart can not fight an empty stom-
ach. And as long as Minos held the sea,
we could wage only a defensive war, and
his gold would attract great hordes of mer-
cenaries from Egypt, Mycenas, and the
East. No, there is something more. We
In the Grip of the Minotaur

109

must beat down his shield before we can
pierce, his heart. We must destroy his
fleet!”

   lie said this with a concentrated hatred,
a fury, which transformed his cunning old
face into a fiendish mask.

  “How can you do this with no ships?”
asked Ragnarr doubtfully.

  “That is just the point, my good youth.
That is your second task. First you set
our craftsmen to work, till they have built
a small trading fleet. Then you bring in
many shiploads of arms from Egypt, till
we have enough. Then you shall go back
to your own people and induce them to
send great merchant-fleets, to cripple this
Cretan devil’s commerce. Then he will
swell with anger and think of war. But
by that time, what with the ships of your
people and those you shall teach us to build,
we shall have a fleet which can break his
navies and scatter his people to the four
winds!”

  Dardanus rubbed his withered old hands
and chuckled in gleeful anticipation. But
Ragnarr answered:

  “There is one thing more, O king. What
is my reward to be, if I accomplish all this?
For it will be a long, hard task. My men
are dear to me, and their lives are worth
more than the gold and silver you spoke
of. If my people are to be your cats paw,

you must pay them. But my reward-”

  “You shall be first in this kingdom,
under myself,” answered Dardanus. “You
shall have wealth untold, and all your men
shall be enriched from the plunder of our
foes. Your name will be great and go
down to our children’s children as the
savior of their race.”

   “It is not enough,” said Ragnarr sternly.
“I do not fight for gold, for I can win
enough in trade; and as for fame, I have
that in my own land already. But you
have one thing which I value above gold
and jewels, above fame and very life. If
I sell you my sword, you must give me this.”
“Anything, noble Northman, anything,
saving only my crown itself,” protested
the king, with an understanding gleam in
his eye. “Ask and you shall receive.”
“Then this shall be my reward, if I can
win it,” said Ragnarr; “if I can not, I will
ask for nothing. Swear to me that if I can
win your daughter’s love, she shall be mine
so soon as your enemy is humbled.”

  “I swear it!” cricd Dardanus, raising

both hands heavenward in his ardor. “By
our holy goddess, the Mother, I swear it!”

  “Then our bargain is made,” said Rag-
narr, and seized the king’s hand in a joy-
ful grasp.

  As he turned to descend the stair, the
old man smiled knowingly to himself, and
winked one cunning eye.

CHAPTER V

MORE THAN LIFE ITSELF

D ALA knelt on the mat, grinding wheat
in a stone mortar. Her lips were
pressed together ominously, and her fine
eyes were dark with sullen anger.

  “I tell you I will not go, my lord,” she
declared. “What have I to do with that
Trojan lady, with her well-bred ways and
her finery? Did she save me from those
filthy savages? No. Who did? You. It
is clear, then, that since I owe my preserva-
tion to you and not to her, I must belong
to you and to no one else. I shall stay
with you till I die, unless—” and here her
rage threatened to drown itself in tears—
“unless you turn me away.”

  Ragnarr mutely implored the gods for
aid.

  “I do not turn you away, child. You
are a good girl and have served me well.
But-”

  “Oh, fie, master!” she cried springing to
her feet, eyes flashing. “Served you well!
A good girl, am I? Am I no more to you
than that? Your hound serves you well
and is a good dog, but he gives you his soul
and gets in return—the bones from your
table, the scraps you are done with, your
Worship’s caress when you are pleased with
him, and—a kick when you weary of him.
I am no dog, but a woman with a heart
like yours, a mind, thoughts, feelings to
wound, eyes, a tongue-”

“No one denies that,” groaned Ragnarr.

  “And I tell you I am not to be driven
away like a worn-out dog. You gave me
life and more than life, and I shall stay
with you, for something tells me that I
shall yet return the gift.”

  She looked up at him imploringly, her
cheeks wet with big tears.

  Ragnarr shook his head perplexedly.

  “No, child,” he said after a moment.
“I am not made of stone, and I realize that
you are my faithful friend and servant;
IIO

Adventure

but you can not remain here. You are
among men who, though they love me and
obey me, are, after all, no better than most
men. I fear much that they may do you
mischief. Besides, it happens that you
can serve me best by serving the Lady Ilia,
who also is my good friend.”

  Here Rala looked up, a dangerous gleam
in her eyes.

  “She particularly asked me to send you
to her, and I gave my promise. Would
you have me break my word?”

  The girl’s breast heaved stormily.

  “I am a trouble to you!” she cried.
“You hate me and would be rid of me!
No, do not deny it! Well, I will please
you. I am your slave, the dirt under your
feet. I will fetch Valgard, who is fond of
me. If he bids me go, I will obey. He
will speak as he thinks, not as some fair
woman asks him to speak.”

  She turned away and called Valgard’s
name. He came out from one of the tents,
his massive figure filling the door, his face
flushed and perspiring with the heat. It
was true that the tempestuous little acro-
bat and he had become strongly attached to
each other, both by the common bond of
their affection for Ragnarr and by the strong
cord that unites the hearts of all true ad-
venturers.

  “Valgard!” cried Rala. “Your master
wishes to turn me out. The Princess Ilia
has conceived the whim of having a girl of
the people to serve her, and cajoled the
simple man into promising to turn his poor
slave over to her. What say you? Shall
I go? Or shall I defy him for his own good
and remain in spite of him?”

  Valgard looked at her steadily, but with
unwonted tenderness in his fierce old eyes.

  “See, lass,” he began, “you and I have
one end in life, one task to perform. We
are our lord’s, and our sole reason for con-
tinuing to be is to obey him. If he walk
on us, it is well. If he fondle us, well. If
he bid us tear out our hearts and eat them,
why, that is what we are here for. He did
not wait and debate when your life and
honor were at stake. You call yourself
his. Then serve him as his spear serves.
All is said.”

  The girl flung herself face down on the
floor, sobbing piteously. Ragnarr stooped
to comfort her, but Valgard thrust him
back.

  “Let be!” he whispered. “You can do

no good. She will come out of it herself.”
In a moment she sat up, humble and
submissive.

  “When shall I go, master?” she asked,
her voice trembling.

  “Tomorrow at noon, child. You could
not be with me longer, in any case, for I sail
at dawn of the next day.”

  Rala gave a cry, her hand at her breast.
Valgard stared at him.

  “May we know where, lord?” he asked.
“It is right that you two should know
first of all,” answered Ragnarr, “for of all
that are with me there are none truer. Sit
close by me, that other ears may not over-
hear. I go to Egypt, to arrange for a
mighty undertaking.”

  So he told them all the story, leaving
out only that which concerned his love for
Ilia. Valgard took the affair quite as a
matter of course, but Rala’s face and ges-
tures showed the liveliest terror and con-
cern.

  “Have nothing to do with this king and
his quarrels,” she begged. “Oh, if you
had seen Crete, if you but knew King
Minos, you would not lift a finger against
him. He is the descendant of the gods,
and they fight on his side. He always
conquers, and his foes are taken and sacri-
ficed to the Minotaur, to that which no.
man hath seen and lived to tell its shape.
If you oppose Minos, you perish.”
Ragnarr’s jaw set and he squared his
shoulders.

  “Now you have done it, girl,” said Val-
gard. “Our master fears nothing except
fear. He will go now, you may be certain.”
“Listen, my lord,” Rala pleaded. “I
was born in Sicily, and was taken as a slave
by Cretans when but a tiny child. They
trained me in all athletic exercises, for I
was the daughter of a chief and doomed
to be a sacrifice to the bull, which they
worship. There are three degrees of the
sacrifice: the first, when the harvest is good
and fortune favors them, is the performance
of the sacred dance by captive youths and
maidens before all the people; the second,
when fortune frowns, is the combat with a
savage bull, which selected youths and
maidens must endure unarmed, and the
third is that of which no man may speak
with authority: captured warriors and
those selected by the oracle are offered up
to the Minotaur, and none know how they
die.
In the Grip of the Minotaur

hi

  “I myself endured the bull-fight, and
survived; and soon after escaped through
the great drains of the palace and swam
out to a passing ship that bore me to Tiryns,
where my training in the bull-ring earned
me a place in that strolling band of acro-
bats, dispersed by the mob from whom
you saved me. But for you the Minotaur
waits.”

  “I have sworn,” answered Ragnarr, and
strode out.

  Valgard rose to follow him, but the girl
caught him by the sleeve.

  “You are my only friend,” she pleaded.
“I am nothing to him. But I tell you,
Valgard, I love him, and if anything hap-
pens to hurt him, I shall die. Find some
way for me to go with him! I can not let
him go from me, not knowing what may
befall. Death is better, a thousand times
better, than waiting in the agony of uncer-
tainty, and hopeless, hopeless longing!”

  Valgard laid his hand tenderly on her
head.

  “Brave little comrade,” he said, “I would
give my shield-hand to help you, as Tyr
did for the gods. But our lord wills it
otherwise. We are but tools in his hand,
child. Can you not be a true tool?”

  She seized his knotty hand and kissed it.

  “I will be true, comrade,” she answered
stoutly.

THE day drew toward its close,
and the Northmen made haste to
sell the rest of their wares before
they were obliged to depart. Valgard and
the seaman Tyrleif stood behind the coun-
ter in the principal booth, while beside
them Hjalti, the bard, with nimble imagi-
nation, appealed to the crowd of prospective
purchasers in lurid phrases. Having called
attention to the rare beauty of the amber,
holding now a red piece, now a golden one,
up to the light to catch the fading beams
of the sun, he began to descant on t eir
virtues as amulets, swearing that they
would keep off the fever, sunstroke, palsy,
and the falling sickness.

  One figure stood on the very edge of the
gaping crowd that packed the street out-
side the shallow front of the booth, a figure
that never moved, but kept its eyes fixed on
the shadowy interior of the tent. It was
a woman, her features wrapped in a volu-
minous veil which swathed her to the knees,
effectively disguising face and figure. To

her the gesticulating bard addressed him-
self in particular, declaring that the amber
nodule which he held in his hand was a sov-
ereign remedy for jealousy and barrenness.

  Suddenly a shadow fell across the coun-
ter, and a hand struck the bit of amber
from his fingers. Immediately the crowd
made a rush for it, trampling and jostling
each other in their eagerness.

  “Liar!” thundered Ragnarr at the trem-
bling Hjalti. “How often have I told you
that honest wares need no lying tales to
cheapen them? Go to your tent, and bide
till I-”

  A muffled cry rang out, and Ragnarr
broke off, looking up swiftly. In the
scramble for the amber, a tall Phoenician
had trodden heavily on the foot of the veiled
lady, who had fallen against the rude rail-
ing that protected the counter. The veil
half fell from her face, revealing the features
of the Princess Ilia.

  Ragnarr started violently. Then, as she
righted her veil, he sprang over the counter
and drew her round the angle of the booth
and in through the door.

  “What do you here, lady?” he asked
anxiously.

  “Follow me,” she answered softly. “This
is no place to talk.”

  Calling to Valgard to keep the crowd
back, he opened the door-flap again and
they passed out swiftly. One or two of
the more curious started to follow them,
but Valgard’s shout brought a number of
sturdy Northmen who shoved these back
none too gently.

  Swiftly Ilia led Ragnarr through the
main thoroughfare and toward the little
grove on the bank of the Scamander.
There, close by the water and shaded by a
clump of plane-trees, stood a stone bench
on which they seated themselves. The
westering sun dyed the river in crimson
stain, and the clouds were fringed with
crimson and opal. In the gathering dusk,
a slender figure crept up behind them un-
observed.

   They sat in silence for a while, then she
spoke in slightly faltering tones:

  “My father has told me that you are
going to Egypt,” she began. “I know
something of his purpose now, for he is
jubilant in his new hopes, and must un-
bosom himself to one whom he trusts.
Alas, I feared he planned some dangerous
task for you.”
112

Adventure

  “Why did you fear it, lady?” he asked
unsteadily. “Why should the peril of a
stranger give you concern?”

  She hesitated, then spoke:

  “I suppose, because you are unlike other
men. You seem above the evil and the
intrigue in which we are forced to live, and
your heart is too clean and gallant for a
king to sacrifice to his bloody purposes.”
She sighed very softly.

  “Are they not necessary purposes?” he
demanded.

  “They must be, or you would have naught
to do with them,” she answered. “You
would not do evil work, I know.”

  “How do you know that? Why do you
trust me so?”

  “Because my heart tells me that you
are good, better than our men are, and
truer.”

  “You do not come to dissuade me, then?”
“No. I come to bid you farewell, to say
what I could not say tomorrow, in the sight
of all men. I came to tell you that I have
never known so kind and brave a spirit.
We may never see each other again, and
so I may say freely that you have brought
new faith, new gladness, into a heart op-
pressed with the sordid, petty ambitions
of a selfish court. My spirit is the better
for you, Ragnarr.”

  He could no longer restrain himself; his
love for her burst the bonds of control.
He rose to his feet before her.

  “As you say,” he began, “we may never
meet again. The sea is full of evil men
and evil forces, and it may be that I go to
the land beyond this life. Or the gods
may perhaps be kind and bring me back
again. I, too, can say now what I dared
not say before: I love you, Ilia, love you
with all that is within me. If I return,
can you give your heart to me?”

  She rose and put both hands on his
shoulders.

  “There is no concealment between you
and me,” she answered. “I have loved
you these many days. I think I began to
love you when first I saw you. Do you
remember? You had just landed and
Kamas led you through our streets. My
litter was passing through the crowd; all
others fell to their knees, but you alone
remained standing. I saw you towering
above them, and your face was so good,
so free from the servile littleness of our
men, that I felt my heart warm to you even

then. You saw me, too, and I knew that
you were not unmoved.”

  He gave a cry of joy and caught her to
him. They clung together, lip to lip and
heart to heart, while the dark closed in
upon them. And now the golden moon
came up and flooded the river with radiance.
Gently, Ilia drew his arms from around her
and pointed to the sky pulsing with the
beauty of the stars.

  “I must say farewell,” she said.

  “Let us go, my heart’s beloved,” he
sighed. “If I stayed here alone with you
longer, my own heart would fail me for the
morrow.”

  They stepped out from the shadow of the
plane-trees, and the moonlight fell full on
them.

  “Hark!” said Ilia softly. “What is that?”

  “It was only the river plashing on the
sand,” he answered, his arm stealing about
her waist.

  But he was wrong. It was the sobbing
of a woman.

CHAPTER VI

 THE MASTERS OF THE MEDITERRANEAN

TT WAS all-important for the success
of the old king’s plans that Ragnarr
should not seem to be more than a wealthy
merchant. He had been graciously received
at the palace upon his arrival, but that was
an honor accorded to all merchants of noble
blood. Now that he was about to depart,
however, any unwonted attention paid him
would attract the eyes of the multitude of
traders, foreign representatives, and spies
who crowded the fair, and perhaps start a
rumor which Crete might seize upon. He
must go quietly, and from the fair-grounds,
like any ordinary merchant.

  His men were to enter Troy by the South-
west Gate, collect their weapons from the
Temple of the Mother and march out under
convoy to the street bordering the fair-
grounds and thence west to the Scamander
where their boats would be waiting. In
conformity with this scheme, therefore,
King Dardanus had caused Ragnarr to be
summoned secretly to him that very night,
only_a few hours after he had parted from
Ilia. Ragnarr took advantage of this sum-
mons to take Rala to the palace with him,
and found occasion to see her safely into
Ilia’s hands.
In the Grip of the Minotaur

113

  After a tender farewell to Ilia, he sought
the presence of the king. Having received
the letters for the Pharaoh and a few final
instructions from Dardanus, Ragnarr took
his leave, reminding the king of his prom-
ise with his parting words.

  Next morning he began his preparations
for departure. The sail-cloth covering was
stripped from the booth and loaded into the
larger of the two boats. With Valgard and
six oarsmen he rowed down to the ship,
which the sailors, as soon as the unloading
had been completed, had pulled up, stern-
foremost, on the sandy shore of the bay for
a scraping and overhauling. Those left
with the ship, about fifty men, had camped
out on the beach and had been hospitably
cared for as guests of the coast-guard, by
special order of the king.

  As soon as they set eyes upon their
prince, the sailors raised a mighty shout of
welcome, rushed to meet him, and crowded
round to shake his hand with that free
good-fellowship that characterized the rela-
tion of the Northman to his lord.

  After greetings were said, Ragnarr and
his men launched the ship. They swarmed
first round the bow, then the stern, took
hold, lifted mightily and thrust the wooden
rollers under. All gathered round the stern,
half on each side, their thick shoulders
thrust against the planks, and shoved with
main force. The vessel heaved, settled,
then rushed down into the water.

  Now some waded out, their hands on her
new-pitched sides, and held her; others
formed a chain from the shore and passed
along from man to man the sides of salt
meat, bags of grain, and crates of dried
fruit whch lay piled up on the beach, hav-
ing been ferried down the river by the
king’s orders, for their voyage. These were
stowed carefully in the shallow open hold
amidships, between the inboard ends of the
rowers’ benches, and on them, cushioned
and held in place with reed mats which pro-
tected the provisions from rain and spray,
were placed the clay jars of water and wine,
their mouths sealed with clay paste, and
stamped with the royal seal.

  Then, by Ragnarr’s command, all but
Valgard, himself, and the crew of their boat,
swarmed over the galley’s sides, half to
port and half to starboard, to maintain her
balance. The oars were brought out and
thrust into the rowlocks, and the ship rowed
out to a safe depth and there anchored.

8

  Bidding the fifty bend on the sail and re-
main on board till he returned in mid-after-
noon, when he proposed to sail, Ragnarr
and the others re-embarked in their boat
and rowed back to the fair-ground, which
extended through the long, narrow plain
south of the city, westward to the Scaman-
der.

KING DARDANUS sat in a gild-
ed chair on the northern wall of his
citadel, whence he could look out
over the plain of Troy and the rolling hills
beyond, to the azure waters of the Helles-
pont. A gorgeously embroidered awning of
scarlet sheltered him from the almost verti-
cal rays of the noonday sun. Ilia sat beside
him, while behind stood Rala, fanning her
new mistress with a long-handled fan of
peacocks’ feathers.

  The old king basked happily in the warm,
soothing air. He was aglow with mental
and bodily comfort. The day was glorious,
the view before his satisfied eyes was ra-
diant with beauty. This was his city, with
its gigantic walls, its temples and palaces,
its bursting granaries, and coffers full to
overflowing. Its men were his, their hands
quick to seize sword or shield at his bid-
ding. Best of all, he had found a mighty
friend and ally in this valiant Northman
who would bring to him the trade of his
far-off land, reopen to him the commerce
of the wide Mediterranean, and overwhelm
his cruel enemy and oppressor, Minos of
Crete. His cup was full, and he felt a deep
sense of satisfaction in his fair daughter,
whose white arms bound this brave deliverer
to him with the chains of love.

  A white dot rose over the far edge of the
Hellespont. Dardanus chuckled softly to
himself, seeing in the tiny, far-off sail a
symbol of the numberless fleets which
should come so soon to Troy, bearing the
riches of all the world. He watched it grow
larger and larger, till, as the ship that bore
it tacked, a puzzled frown began to drive
the smile from his lips.

  The one white spot had suddenly be-
come three! Rala, out of his sight behind
the chair, quietly laid down the fan, shield-
ed her eyes with her hands, and watched
intently.

  “Daughter,” the king asked in a tone of
fretful bewilderment, “can you make out
the sails on yonder ship? My old eyes are
deceiving me, I think.”
H4

Adventure

  “She has three sails, father,” Ilia respond-
ed, “but I am not sure of their shape, at
this distance.”

  “If it please you, my lord,” interrupted
Rala, her voice trembling with excited fear,
“it is one of the long ships of Crete, with its
three square sails and countless oars which
flash in the sunlight.”

  Dardanus sprang to his feet, his face livid.
“Oh, the cunning dogs!” he shrilled.
“Could they not wait another day? To
come now, when the prince’s galley is still
bound in the port! Have they eyes and
ears in the very walls of my chamber, to
learn my purposes as they leave my lips?”
He strode up and down, gnawing his fin-
gers. Suddenly the light of resolution came
into his eyes. He clapped his hands and a
soldier sprang round the corner of the wall
and stood before him, raising his shielded
arm.

  “Go to Prince Ragnarr’s tent!” cried the
king imperiously. “Tell him to close his
business as soon as he may, hasten to his
ship and speed to his destination as fast as
sail and oars will bear him. Be swift!”

  The messenger bowed low and departed.
Ragnarr stood by his dismantled booth,
superintending the labors of his men, who
were busily packing away the small rem-
nant of their wares and the money they
had taken, in strong boxes of cypress.
These were to be stored in the palace dur-
ing Ragnarr’s absence. Small bags of stout
cloth, tied tightly at the mouth, bulged with
disks of silver and gold. The knots which
secured them were sealed with balls of clay,
marked with the royal superscription.

  One, crammed too full, had burst, and
Valgard with two sturdy helpers was thrust-
ing back the boldest of the crowd. It was
necessary to keep these folk in check, for
among them were many stout rogues who
would dare much to snatch a handful of
the shining pieces. Every now and then,
one more forward than the rest would drop
with a bloody crown under the blow of a
long tent-stake. Poles and pins were being
plucked up, and the cloths which had been
spread over them were folded and bound
securely.

  “On the king’s errand! Make way!”
cried a voice.

  The crowd parted to right and left, and
the messenger of Dardanus, his limbs streak-
ed with sweat and dust, stood before Rag-
narr.

  “The king greets you, my lord,” he pant-
ed, “and bids you haste on your voyage
with all possible speed. To your ship! His
majesty hath spoken.”

  Turning on his heel, the messenger sped
back through the crowd which again parted
to both sides to let him pass.

  Ragnarr called on his men, urging them
to their utmost-endeavors. Bales and sacks
were thrust hurriedly into the chests, which
were bound with heavy ropes and laid in
order.

  “Handle that painted jar with care, you
lout, or you taste my knuckles!” roared
Valgard. “There is mead enough left in it
to wet our throats twice around before we
see the ship!”

  He turned swiftly and caught just above
the wrist a lean brown arm that had thrust
itself from the edge of the throng and
snatched up a tiny jeweled box, Rala’s
parting gift to the old warrior. A quick
movement of his fingers, a shrill yell of pain
from the thief, and the hand hung limp and
broken from the brown wrist.

  Then a babel of wondering cries burst
forth in a dozen different tongues. Shrill-
voiced Egyptians clamored and pointed,
sharp-featured men of Sidon gesticulated
and chattered; all the multitude gave tongue
at once, their eyes and leveled arms direct-
ed toward the river.

  Up the channel of the wide Scamander
came a ship, such a ship as Ragnarr had
never seen before, half again as long as his
own Gray Wolf. Narrow was her beam and
high her sides, even in the waist, from which
the lines of her hull soared upward to the
forked stem - post and pennoned stern.
Black was her paint from stern to shoulder,
but the prow was a bright vermilion. Very
many were the oars, and smooth their
rhythm, but the greatest marvel of all was
the three tall masts—yes, three—that tow-
ered above her deck. Each was crossed by
a single yard, carrying what looked like a
modern topgallant-sail, for unlike the ships
of the Northmen, this craft had her canvas
hoisted so high that a tall man could pass
under it with shouldered lance, even though
he stood on the raised fore-and-aft bridge.

  Greatly did Ragnarr marvel to see men
swarm up the ladder-like shrouds of the
standing rigging, lay out on the yards, and
quickly furl the three sails as the ship drew
nigh to the landing place. The oars gradu-
ally diminished their beat till the dripping
In the Grip of the Minotaur

blades were tossed and held, while the two
broad steering-oars guided her in to the
landing. By the dazzling glint of the sun
on her gilded masts and carven, inlaid rail-
ings, she was clearly the galley of some
wealthy prince, some affluent sea-king of
the South.

  The ship was made fast to the stone rings
in two of the granite posts of the fair-grounds’
quay, a cleated gangway was lowered, and,
two by two, some thirty marines disem-
barked at the double and drew up on the
bank. They were men of uncommonly
short stature, broad - shouldered and
swarthy, almost copper-colored, with pinch-
ed-in waists confined in broad leathern belts.
From these hung short broadswords in em-
bossed scabbards. The hilts were of ivory
and the pommels of silver.

  Each man wore a conical helmet of pol-
ished bronze, a gorgeously embroidered
waist-cloth above which shone the naked,
coppery breast, and leathern boots reach-
ing half-way up the leg. Some carried un-
bent bows in their hands and full quivers
suspended over their shoulders; the rest bore
long spears with leaf-shaped heads of bronze.

  Down the gangway now strode two im-
pressive figures, a young man and an old.
The youth wore about his shoulders a rich
mantle of scarlet caught up with a golden
clasp; the hilt of his short sword was of
pure gold, with a gleaming jewel set in the
pommel. His shapely head was uncovered
and his jet-black hair dangled about his
cheeks in three long curls.

  His face was handsome and his eyes in-
solent; a thin nose and two daintily curved
red lips proclaimed the aristocrat. His com-
panion, gray-haired and lantern-jawed, was
evidently a naval officer of high rank. His
helmet bore three red plumes, and an onyx-
hilted dagger was fixed diagonally across
the front of his girdle. At a curt command
from him, the marines wheeled and marched
up into the fair-ground, the two officers at
their head.

  Up the street swung the warlike band,
shoulder to shoulder, chests thrust out, left
arms swinging slightly as the booted feet
came down in the crisp cadence of perfect
drill. Neither to right nor left they looked,
but straight ahead, with the eyes of men
who know themselves for masters, in what-
ever company. The crowd made way for
them as they came, giving the Cretans the
full width of the street.

  Ragnarr seethed with indignation. What
were these swaggering fellows about, to vio-
late the sanctity of the fair by carrying
weapons within its precincts? How dared
they trample on a world - wide custom,
known to all men and violated only by pi-
rates?

  On the offenders marched, till they came
to the corner of the Scasan Road where
their path was blocked by Valgard, tying
up one of the great bales. An officer ran
forward and rudely tried to thrust the
Northman out of the way. Valgard’s great
fist lashed out like the hoof of an angry
stallion, and the Cretan dropped, stunned
and bleeding.

  The young commander gave a sharp
order in his native tongue. The column
jarred to a halt, except for the first four
marines who sprang round their two leaders
and closed in on Valgard with lowered pikes.
With one bound, Ragnarr confronted them,
spreading his arms between them and the
glaring old warrior.

  “By the hand of Tyr!” he thundered.
“We are few and unarmed, and ye be many
and well able to slay us with those weapons
which ye bear here unlawfully. But, by
the crown of my father, if ye lay a hand on
any man of mine, some of you shall lie cold
before this day’s work is done!”

  The crowd that had shrunk aside began
to return, scowling at the audacity of the
armed Cretans, but none daring to raise
voice or hand against the intruders. Even
the half-company of Trojan archers that
policed the fair and now stood close behind
the Northmen, hesitated to defend the sanc-
tity of the place and the sovereign rights of
Troy against the insolence of the masters
of the sea.

  “Remove those fellows!” cried the Cretan
commander, and the four marines, who had
hesitated at the intrusion of the blue-eyed
giant, again rushed at Valgard.

  But Ragnarr seized the foremost by the
throat, swung him off his feet, and snatched
the short sword from the Cretan’s scabbard.
Swinging the broad blade between Valgard
and his foes, the prince kept the three at
bay, while his voice rang in the ears of the
multitude like a trumpet.

  “Fellow-merchants!” he cried. “These
men have broken your law, have trampled
on your sacred privileges, bearing their
wicked weapons into this holy ground.
They even dare to threaten your lives, to
116

Adventure

seize your fellows from your very midst; and
ye stand idle! If ye submit to this, which
of you know that he may not be the next
victim of these pirates’ insolence? And ye,
soldiers of Troy, do ye hesitate to avenge
the affront to your king and your mighty
city? Shall it be said that he who has tasted
the salt of Dardanus died defending your
laws, while ye stood by unresisting? If so,
then be your land accursed and may its
people perish, as cowards must, beneath the
pitiless swords of murderers such as these!”
A murmur rose among the multitude,
swelled louder and louder, till it burst in a
yell of rage. Unarmed as they were, the
more daring closed in upon the Cretan
spearmen.

  “He is right!” shouted a Trojan archer, and
his comrades raised a shout of affirmation.

  The two parties faced each other like
surly dogs, the mob lashing itself into fury,
the police gripping their sword-hilts and
scowling upon the invaders, who remained
calmly waiting for their commander to give
the next order.

  Biting his lips, the young Cretan strode
out from beside his companion and con-
fronted Ragnarr.

  “It had been well for you, barbarian,” he
said contemptuously, “if you had never de-
fied the majesty of Crete. Know that I
am Ambrogeos, first-born of Minos the
Great, who is Son of the Bull and King of
Kings. Yield now while you may, and may-
hap you shall die by the sword; but strike
another blow and you and all your wretched
company shall feed the Minotaur!”

  Ragnarr looked down upon him, his blue
eyes blazing.

  “I yield to no pirate,” he answered grim-
ly. “Nor do I boast; but as to dying by
the sword, we will sacrifice a Cretan calf
to Tyr before we board the Ship of Death.”
The two gazed at each other long and
unflinchingly, till at last the black eyes fell
before the sword-like blue. Ambrogeos
clenched and unclenched his fingers, his
breast swelled with rage, and he turned
toward his men, his Ups parted for the fatal
command that should plunge them all into
bloody conflict. But before he could utter
the words, his lantern-jawed companion laid
a bony hand on the youth’s smooth shoul-
der and whispered in the Cretan tongue:
“My lord, these must be the men whom
we seek. Remember, they must be taken
alive, that the Minotaur may have a full

meal. They will not yield without a fight;
but that old craven in the palace yonder
may easily be persuaded to hand them over
to us without the loss of a single Cretan life.
Restrain yourself for the present and soon
they shall be ours.”

  Ambrogeos nodded curtly and turned his
back on Ragnarr. In response to a gesture
of command, two marines detached them-
selves from the ranks and ran swiftly back to
the ship. The rest closed up, the old admiral
barked out a sharp word of command, and
the marines swung smartly to the left, and
took up their march toward the Sczean Gate.

  The mongrel crowd burst into hoots and
jeers, with derisive signs and obscene ges-
tures of defiance. The Northmen gazed
after the departing Cretans with stern hos-
tility, and Ragnarr, scornfully throwing
down the captured sword, turned again to
his task.

  Acharsis, the captain of archers who had
stood by him so well in the street fight with
the wild lumbermen, now left his grinning
bowmen and stepped up to Ragnarr.

  “My lord,” he began, “you have won
your point and they will not disturb you on
the fair-grounds again. But if I do not err,
those two fellows who were sent to the gal-
ley yonder have carried the command that
you be seized and slain if you stir from the
sacred precincts. Here you are safe; but
embark on the river, as you now seem plan-
ning to do, and you are lost.”

  “Friend,” answered Ragnarr, “I have
here the sign and seal of your king, giving
me safe conduct out of this land, and au-
thority to transact certain business in his
name. This is my guaranty, and surely you
and all your fellow-soldiers will enforce your
monarch’s word.”

  “No, my lord,” answered Acharsis sadly,
“these pirates respect no king but their
own, and I have no orders to plunge my
land into a war with Minos.”

  “Then there is nothing but to remain
here till the Cretans please to depart?”
“Nothing, my lord,” answered Acharsis.
“But I will see that you do not lack food
and drink until the king can act.”

THE Cretans marched in through
the Sctean Gate, the guards, by the
orders of the badly frightened Dar
danus, permitting the armed strangers t(
enter unchallenged. The old admiral pick
ed out the stately residence of a Trojar

 LAJL-4.J

fFl
In the Grip of the Minotaur

117

noble, and sent the swaggering little com-
pany in charge of a petty officer to com-
mandeer the place for quarters during their
stay in Troy. Then he and the Prince Am-
brogeos mounted the stately street to the
citadel.

  Dardanus sat alone in the great throne-
room, biting his nails and staring helplessly
at the heroic figures of his ancestors paint-
ed on the walls. Fear, rage and cunning
played over his features in swift succession.
It could be no common errand which had
brought the son of Minos, unheralded, to
Troy.

 What if the Cretan suspected his
schemes? Oh, if he had but a few hours
more! There must be some way, some es-
cape from this unlucky situation. He would
do anything, give more tribute, pay homage,
no matter what, to allay his enemy’s suspi-
cions till his plans could blossom and bear
fruit.

  Imperiously waving guards and ushers
aside, Ambrogeos of Crete entered the broad
doorway, followed by his admiral, Rhodon-
thos. Ignoring the courteous address of
welcome which Dardanus had prepared, and
now rose to deliver, he strode to the very
dais. His face was flushed with passion,
and in a voice which anger choked, he de-
manded of the king:

  “What does it mean, thou dog of Minos,
that strangers dare insult our sacred person
before thy very gates? Is this city so swol-
len with its pride that its bastard depend-
ents think to raise their heads against the
king of kings? What payment dost thou
hope to make for an offense as black as
this?”

  Poor Dardanus cowered in his cushioned
throne, his jaw drooped and his wizened
face blanched.

  “What have I done to deserve this, most
gracious prince?” he pleaded. “Tell me
who has so offended, and I will smite off
his head and have it stuck on a pole.”

  The prince’s utterance was choked and
the veins swelled on his temples. Wrath
had been boiling in him since Ragnarr had
outfaced him before his own men, and his
humiliated pride clamored for revenge.
Rhodonthos spoke for him, for Ambrogeos
Avas incapable of utterance.

  “It is this, King Dardanus. We had just
landed and were proceeding peacefully
through the fair, when a stout rascal blun-
dered into our path. The Captain Staltes

undertook to remove him, and the fellow
smote Staltes with his fist, hurting him sore-
ly. We would have laid hands upon him,
but his master, whom I heard called Rag-
narr, interfered, threatening us with a sword
which he had seized from one of our own
men. When we resented his deed, he dared
to insult the sacred person of our prince and
even menaced him with death. We would
have dealt with him as he deserved, had not
the mob, encouraged by your troops, O
king, given him their support. This de-
mands investigation—look you.”

  The old king’s terror was pitiful to see.
Oh, if that luckless Northman had only
taken himself off before the prince ar-
rived!

  Now Dardanus must choose between his
schemes, promises and hopes, and the wrath
of Minos, which was destruction. Sudden-
ly a thought came to him. If he could dis-
avow the deed of Ragnarr, it might be pos-
sible to soothe the Cretan with promises of
amends and goodly gifts, and so hold him
in the palace discussing terms till the North-
men were gone. Then it would be too late
for his plans to be checked, and all might be
well in the end, albeit at some cost to his
treasury.

  “Good Prince Ambrogeos,” he said, in
wheedling tones, “these wretched fellows
are no subjects of mine, but base barbarians
from the North, who came hither to trade.
You have my word-”

  “By the Bull!” shouted Ambrogeos, his
eyes gleaming with triumph. “These are
the very men I seek! Know, Dardanus,
that I have come all the long way from
Crete to fetch these fellows to my father,
who has heard that they are the forerunners
of great fleets from their own land to cheat
us of the trade of all the seas. Our spies
report that they are dealing in tin, which,
as you know, it is forbidden to carry save
in Cretan bottoms. King Minos, in his
wisdom, has determined to have these bar-
barians and feed them to the Minotaur!
Thus we shall discourage those who seek
to rob us. Give them to me, and you shall
be purged of the offense they have com-
mitted.”

  Dardanus buried his face in his hands.
It was all over, his cherished dream of free-
dom and empire. He must die as he had
lived, the dog of Minos. Resentment stir-
red in his heart. He would make a last
stand for his hopes.
118

Adventure

SLIPPING a piece, of gold into the
guardsman’s hand, Rala stole away
from the curtained door, her eyes
wide with terror. She ran wildly down the
corridor, her bare feet falling noiselessly on
the pavement. Ragnarr’s life was in dan-
ger, and she alone could rescue him.

  Her thoughts kept pace with her flying
feet. As she turned the corner of the great
stair, she collided with a white figure which
seized her with clinging arms. It was Ilia.

  “Let me go!” cried Rala. “Let me go to
him! I must save him!”

  “Save whom?” asked the princess coolly;
then, even as she spoke, her heart turned
cold with fear.

  “Speak, girl!” she commanded. “What
threatens him? Tell me, and it may be that
I can help you.”

  The frightened girl poured forth her story.
Knowing what she did of Ragnarr’s busi-
ness with the king, she had suspected some
connection between this and the Cretan
visitation, and feared for his safety. When
she had heard loud voices in the throne-
room and recognized the accents of the Cre-
tan court, she had bribed the guard to let
her listen at the door and had heard all.

  Ilia’s face turned pale. “Go to my cham-
ber,” she commanded. “Wait there for
me. It may be that I can say that which
will strengthen my father’s heart against
this cruel prince. If I fail, I shall send you
to the Lord Ragnarr.”

  So saying, Ilia walked swiftly toward the
throne-room. As she drew near the en-
trance, she heard a voice crying in tones of
anger:

  “Enough of your temporizing! Deliver
me these Northmen, to die the nameless
death, or I will come with ships beyond
number, blockade your ports, and, when it
pleases me, destroy your walls and stamp
your city flat. Those whom I take I will
slay, and all of noble blood, yourself among
them, I will give to the insatiate hunger of
the Minotaur!”

CHAPTER VII

THE NIGHT OF TYR

TLIA stood hidden in the shadow of
the doorway, watching her father’s
face. She saw terror w'ritten on it, and help-
less acquiescence. The sight made her blush
with rage and shame: rage at the Cretan’s

bloodthirsty arrogance, and shame at her
father’s weakness. Little did she know
how powerless he was against the vast naval
power of Minos.

  She had seen enough. She swept into the
room, head held high, eyes blazing with out-
raged majesty and offended womanhood.
Without waiting for them to notice her, she
raised her voice in a torrent of indignation.

  “You base and evil men!” she cried.
“Offspring of a wicked race! What you pro-
pose is infamy. If you could enforce your
cruel threats, do you dream that Troy
would hesitate to choose between shame
and destruction? Better to die a thousand
deaths than yield up to murderers him with
whom we have broken bread! But you can
not conquer us. Every man will die, every
woman will put on armor and shed the last
drop of her blood before we will listen to
your vile proposals. The Trojan mother
would curse the son who had saved his life
by yielding; the maiden would send her
lover to unending sleep rather than clasp a
living coward in her arms.

  “And you, my father, who have called
yourself a king! Will you barter your hon-
or and cheapen your royal crown for a few
brief years of comfortable life and the hol-
low sham of a power that others wield?
Will you be a puppet and dabble your with-
ered hands in corruption while the Cretan
pulls the strings? If I thought so, I would
renounce you, spit upon your name, and
call my mother harlot, sooner than own
you father!

  “Oh, does your heart not pulse even now
with one drop of that heroic blood which
men say ran in your youthful veins, when
you destroyed the warlike race that inhab-
ited this land before you, and slew their
king in single combat on the plain? Are
you that fiery Dardanus who scaled the
wall of Abydos before a single soldier reach-
ed its base? Are you that king who built
these mighty ramparts round our city, de-
fying, as the poets sing, a world in arms to
take it from you? If you are he, then hurl
these infamous ones into your deepest dun-
geon and send your defiance thundering
about the ears of bloody Minos!”

  She stood there like an incarnate goddess
in the robes of her majesty, exhorting an
erring world to righteousness.

  The Cretans had turned at the first ring-
ing word. Ambrogeos stood like one who
sees a vision, his handsome face expressing
In the Grip of the Minotaur

119

the liveliest admiration. Cleared of the dis-
figuring mask of wrath, his features, though
haughty, appeared delicate, almost effemi-
nate. While Ilia spoke, he never lifted his
dark eyes from her.

 Dardanus groaned aloud. “Oh, my
daughter!” he sighed. “How little you
know the strength of fate! I was that Dar-
danus, that fiery, heroic youth, while the
Island Empire chose to let me indulge my
splendid dreams. But long before you were
bom, my child, the young, all-powerful
Minos chafed at my soaring ambition and
placed upon my neck the weary yoke that
now crushes me to the tomb!”

  “Then rise, my father, shake off the yoke,
and if you can not live heroically, then at
least seek a hero’s death!”

  “Alas, it is too late. The countless gal-
leys of the sea-king would lie in every port
and conquer us with the arms of starvation
and poverty. Can you not see, child, that
there is rio hope for the land cut off from
the sea?”

  Ilia bowed her glorious head, tears of
rage and shame in her brave eyes. Yet she
was not conquered. She was fighting for
love, for honor, for all that makes life worth
living; and she threw back her head with
the color surging to her cheeks and lips
parted to utter further defiance, when in
broke the insolent voice of Ambrogeos.

  “O Dardanus, your daughter’s words
have found an echo in my heart. She is a
maid of rare spirit, fit for a hero’s bride,
and her beauty passes the loveliness of the
Goddess Ariadne. Her splendor has over-
come me, and I relent. Give her to me in
marriage and I swear to you by the sacred
voice of Dicta; that I will spare these con-
tumacious barbarians, freely forgive their
crimes and the guilt of your city, and remit
half of the yearly tribute.”

  The helpless king snatched at this shame-
ful hope, and with a sorry attempt at re-
sumption of his dignity, gave his consent.
Ilia fell at her father’s feet, her face white
with terror, her arms clasping his knees.

  “Oh, unsay it!” she begged. “Remember
your promise! How can you give me to
this man—you who have cherished me all
these years?”

  She turned and knelt to Ambrogeos. “If
there is one spark of tenderness in your
breast,” she begged, “spare these innocent
men; and do not stain your generosity with
violence to a helpless girl.”

  The face of Ambrogeos lit up with unholy
joy. “Ah, now I see!” he cried. “You love
this tall barbarian, and would have both his
life and his love. You yourself have forged
the weapon with which I shall pierce his
breast. And to you, king of a wretched
race, I offer this choice: give me this girl
this very night and all will be well. I will
even spare the Northman’s life. But deny
me, and I slay the fellow with all his men,
and return to my father with words that
shall bring famine, fire and sword about
your heads. All shall perish—men, women,
maidens, and tender babes, and with them
the very name of Troy!”

   Ilia rose to her feet, pale, but mistress of
herself.

  “I will answer for the king,” she said in
cold, firm tones. “His Majesty consents,
not from fear for himself, since he scorns
you, but to save his people.”

  And with head proudly raised, she walked
from the room.

fggBf RALA fluttered about the chamber
of the princess in a fever of impa-
tience. Suddenly’the curtains were
thrust aside and, eyes staring with horror,
Ilia rushed in, fell upon the couch and burst
into violent weeping. Rala ran to her, her
own heart hammering at her ribs with fear.
“You have failed?” she cried.

  “I have succeeded,” sobbed Ilia; and as
best she could she told the story, her stream-
ing tears choking her utterances.

  For a moment cruel joy filled Rala’s
heart; then the words of Valgard came into
her mind: “We are but tools in his hand,
child. Can you not be a true tool?” Crush-
ing the rising hope, she said gently:

  “Princess, I have dared to love him too;
but he has given his heart to you. We have
both lost him now; but we have this com-
fort, that he is safe.”

  “The gods be praised for that!” mur-
mured Ilia. “But I must give him up—and
for what?”

  “For what indeed?” thought Rala, as
the splendors and cruelties of Crete flashed
before her; and with the thought, a sharp
suspicion entered her mind.

  “Listen, princess!” she cried. “I have
lived among these Cretans and know them
for a cruel folk who do not value promises
over highly. What if Ambrogeos should
but postpone his vengeance, and return to
seek it after you are his?”
120

Adventure

  Ilia sat up, gasping. “Do you think he
would?” she cried.

  “I am sure of it. He does not look or
speak like one who leaves a single purpose
unfulfilled.”

  The princess rose to her feet, her hands
clenched. “Oh, is no sacrifice enough?” she
cried passionately. “Will no tears appease
the gods? Must they have blood?”
Forgetful of rank, Rala grasped her mis-
tress by the arm. “I have it,” she whis-
pered. “I have a knife here, hidden in the
folds of my girdle. I have had it since
those wild men attacked me, lest I should
need deliverance again, when none were
near to help me. I will creep to this Cre-
tan’s chamber and stab him as he sleeps.”
“And would that keep off the wrath of
Minos, silly girl!” exclaimed Ilia. “No,
there is a better way. Ragnarr’s life is safe
for a time, for the prince’s word holds good
at least till I am his. Do you steal out of
the city and hasten to Ragnarr. Tell him
all that has happened, and command him,
in my name, to flee. Tell him how I loved
him, even enough for this, and say that I
shall die if misfortune overtakes him.
Stay!” she called, as Rala ran to the door.
“Come with me, for I know a secret way
that will lead you to him swiftly.”

  Ilia lit a small lamp, took Rala by the
hand, all difference forgotten in their com-
mon love; and the two stumbled through
dark corridors and around drafty corners
till they stood in a wing of the palace which
was still blocked with the scaffolds and leav-
ings of carpenter and mason, for it was not
yet finished. Here, in a certain angle of
the wall, they stopped, and Ilia, tugging at
a sunken ring, swung open a tall stone pan-
el wide enough to admit a man. She thrust
the lamp into Rala’s hands.

  “I know the way,” she said. “My father
planned it himself and showed it to me but
a fortnight ago. None others know of it.
Haste!”

  The columned hall rang with the laughter
of a merry company, assembled in honor of
the royal guest, Ambrogeos, Prince of Crete.
King Dardanus, his face almost happy with
relief, pledged the noble Cretan again and
again. The betrothal was not announced,
though the king had pleaded for it, for
Ambrogeos intimated that certain matters
must be settled first.

  Ilia sat at the prince’s right, and her eyes
sparkled with apparent happiness as she

met the admiring gaze of her betrothed.
She had never been more beautiful, and
Ambrogeos could not look away from her.
More than one gay lady nudged the cour-
tier next her, and it was whispered that the
princess had made a conquest which might
be turned to the advantage of the realm.
But ever and again a hunted look crept into
Ilia’s eyes, and the roses in her cheeks
seemed to fade.

  When the guests had gone, Ambrogeos
turned to his host.

  “And now,” he said, “let us talk. I have
said that I love your daughter, and it is so.
But it chances that my father, in his wis-
dom, desires me to wed the daughter of the
Pharaoh Amenothes; and as matters have
gone some lengths, you can understand that
it would be impolitic to break off the affair.
This is why I desire that my marriage with
the Princess Ilia be held at once; moreover,
it must be secret. And after a few days of
happiness, I shall leave this city and return
to my father. Then I sail to Crete, to con-
clude matters there. It is necessary that
no word be said of our marriage until I have
won the Pharaoh’s daughter, lest the pro-
posed Egyptian alliance be broken off, and
great harm follow. When all is settled, I
shall come back and claim my bride.”
“But,” Dardanus protested indignantly,
“do you propose to make my daughter a
concubine?”

  “Far from it,” answered Ambrogeos in
the most friendly manner. “I shall have
married her first, and by the custom of my
land, she will be my queen. The Egyptian
will suppose herself the first, and will not
learn of her ill-fortune until she and I are
safely married. Then it will be too late;
she will be mine and the alliance confirmed.
I swear most solemnly that Ilia, whom I
love most dearly, shall be my queen.”
Dardanus smiled, well satisfied. Polyga-
my was to him an established fact, and the
first wife, as head of the household, was
well off. Besides, what an honor to Troy
that his daughter should take precedence
over a princess of Great Egypt, a Daughter
of the Sun!

RALA hurried on as fast as she
dared, but had to lessen her pace
frequently for fear of putting out
the flickering flame of her olive-oil lamp.
The passage first wound about in conform-
ance to the architecture of the palace, then
In the Grip of the Minotaur

121

ran straight down at a uniform slope
through the heart of the hill. Presently it
opened out into a wide vault, which, Rala
knew from its position, must be the cellar
of the Temple of the Mother.

  A thought flashed into her mind, and she
paused to raise the lamp and examine the
low roof above her. Yes, there was the
place where one of the ringed stone blocks
stood in the temple court, for she could see
crevices about its edges, wider than those
between the other stones.

  The girl hurried on, and now it was not
long before she felt the air freshen, and a
gust of wind puffed out her light. She felt
her way along the wall for a few yards more
and emerged on to the plain close by the
river-bank.

  In sheer surprise, Rala stopped short and
gazed up toward the sky. The air was raw,
and a thick fog was rolling in from the sea.
Moisture is so infrequent in the Troad that
the girl, superstitious like all the folk of
her time, was filled with awe. Nevertheless,
she remembered her errand and strove to
get her bearings.

  Before her ran the Scamander; from the
left came the multitudinous murmurings of
the unseen fairgrounds, muffled by the fog.
Suddenly a hand touched her shoulder, a
familiar voice sounded in her ear, and be-
side her stood old Valgard.

  “You, child!” he whispered. “Nay, no
noise. We are too near that painted ship
and enemies may hear us. I had crept up
on her to get what wisdom I could. This
way, and we will soon be with friends.”

  He guided her back to the grounds and
through the dark, fog-wrapped streets, his
seaman’s instinct steering him infallibly, till
at last they came to the familiar spot where
the Northmen’s tents had been partially re-
erected.

  “Here is a friend, master,” he called to
Ragnarr, who rose from his wooden stool
and came to greet them. “This is Tyr’s
own night; I have not felt a good fog for
weeks and it minds me of home.”

  Ragnarr took the girl’s hands in his and
led her to the fire, then wrapped her in a warm
woolen mantle. His eyes bespoke anxiety.

  “What is it, child?” he asked. “Is your
mistress well?”

  Rala told her story swiftly, with rapid,
eloquent gestures. All the pantomimist’s
art was hers, and the tale sank deep into the
hearts of the hearers.

  “So she bids you flee,” she concluded.
“Get to your ship while ye may, and escape,
for her sake, aye—and for mine too.”

  Her voice failed her, and the tears came.
“Nay, by Tyr and the Gray Sword!”
cried Ragnarr, his face terrible with grief
and rage. “Men, will ye follow me tonight
in a desperate venture that may mean
death?”

  “Aye, master!” they cried, crowding
around him, their rough faces kindled with
the exaltation of battle. “We will follow
where the Gray Sword leads!”

  “But you are unarmed!” protested Rala,
panic-stricken.

  “Our boats are moored just astern of the
Cretan galley,” said Ragnarr. “There is
one chance in ten that we can reach them
unobserved.”

  “Nay, master,” old Valgard interrupted.
“I have just returned from the shore where,
having crept up through the darkness and
the fog, I loosed the boats one after another
and drew them an arrow-fiight down-stream.
In this blackness we can easily reach them
undiscovered and go to sea.”

  “Thou art one in a thousand!” cried Rag-
narr warmly. “Lead us to the boats! We
will row swiftly down to the Gray Wolf and
bring her softly up-stream with all our good
fellows who have been expecting us these
many hours. Above here we will land again;
Rala shall lead us through the secret passage
she speaks of; and there will be unbidden
guests at this princeling’s wedding!”

  The men would have raised a tremendous
shout had not Ragnarr quickly forestalled
them, for silence was vital to the success of
their enterprise.

  The fog had spoiled all the pleasure of
the fair. The streets were empty even of
patrolling archers; and from close-shut
booth and hut came loud grumblings and
louder snores, as sixteen mighty figures and
one little one filed softly down to the shore,
unseen. Rala walked beside Ragnarr, who,
as if to manifest his gratitude for her plucky
efforts to save him, showed the utmost gen-
tleness in helping her through the filthy un-
lit alleys, half-blocked with everybody’s
bales, huge pieces of straw-matting, shards
of broken wine-jugs, and an Oriental luxuri-
ance of garbage.

  Old Valgard led them to the river-bank,
and, after a brief search, he found the spot
where he had moored the boats. At his low
whistle, the others gathered round and
122

Adventure

cautiously climbed in, Rala being lifted
aboard bodily by Valgard’s sturdy arms.

  They muffled the oars with strips of
cloth and with infinite care to avoid splash-
ing or knocking, they rowed down-stream,
each oarsman taking his time from the man
before him. The fog was so thick that the
Northmen could not even see the lights
of the Cretan galley, so they knew that
they were quite safe from her for the
present. The current made their task
much lighter, and it was not long before
they floated out of the river-mouth into
the little bay.

  Here arose a fresh difficulty. They might
row directly to their ship, which such ex-
perienced seamen had little doubt of find-
ing, even on such a night; but it would be
hard to rouse all hands, unship the long oars
and start the Gray Wolf up-river, without
alarming the coast-guard. It was most
likely, in this event, that the watchers in the
tower would suspect them of hostile designs
and alarm the entire city.

  It would be wiser, decided Ragnarr, to ap-
proach the guard-tower boldly, call for
Kamas, and, presenting the letters which
Dardanus had given him, demand in the
king’s name to be allowed to take the Gray
Wolf up-river to the old city landing above
the fair-grounds.

  Fortunately for Ragnarr, to whom the
courtly Babylonian script that was the regu-
lar diplomatic .medium of that day, was no
more than so many wedges of black on
white, the prudent Dardanus, in his desire
to avoid any specific action which the Cre-
tans might seize upon, had phrased the let-
ter of introduction in the most all-embrac-
ing general terms. At the sight of it, Kamas
saluted the king’s seal, gave the' desired per-
mission, and went back to his supper. Be-
fore the Trojan officer had finished his sec-
ond helping of broiled fish, the Gray Wolf,
with the small boats hoisted aboard, sweeps
muffled and arms served out, was moving
silently up the broad Scamander.

  Ragnarr himself took the steering-oar, re-
joicing in the feel of the fog-damp on the
shaft, for he had been off the sea longer
than he liked. He steered by memory and
the feel of the current, for he could see no
further than the mast.

  Presently a dim, high shape loomed up
off the port bow, and he swung the galley
so far to starboard that her bottom scraped
thrice on the shoaling sands. Three vague

blots of light starred the fog to port, and
the sounds of high-pitched, pleading voices
reached the Northmens’ ears.

  Rala, standing at Ragnarr’s side, whis-
pered very softly:

  “Master, they fear the fog, which is
thicker than it has been on these shores for
many years. They know it for a sign of the
sea-god’s anger, and they pray to him that
no harm may come of it.”

  “It is our night,” answered Ragnarr.

  They rowed on till he knew they had pass-
ed the next bend in the river, where the gal-
ley would be well hidden from below, even
in broad daylight, by the trees of the same
grove in which he had told Ilia of his love.
Bringing the Gray Wolf alongside the bank
and ordering the mast to be lowered, Rag-
narr quickly disembarked most of his crew
and ordered Rala to lead them to the city
wall and the entrance to the secret pas-
sage.

  It was well hidden. A whole precious
hour was wasted in the search before they
found the opening, cunningly concealed
in the cleft between two great stones,
which Rala, owing to the darkness and
her haste, had failed to notice when she
emerged.

  Through the narrow opening the North-
men crept, feeling their way along, till Val-
gard stopped them with an impatient growl.
From his pouch he drew a dry piece of soft-
wood, a blunted hardwood drill, a miniature
bow, and a handful of wood-dust and shav-
ings. Twirling the drill with the bow-
string, he soon had a smoking, glowing mass
in the notched center of the softwood piece,
and this he blew and fed with shavings till
fire burst forth.

  Now fat pine torches were kindled, and,
as they illumined the way, strange sights
met the Northmen’s eyes. Scenes of bat-
tle, of the chase, and of worship covered the
stone walls of the tunnel in continuous
fresco. These were fresh-painted, for the
passage was new, as was shown by the heaps
of glistening stone-dust, chips, and even de-
fective blocks discarded by the builder and
not yet cleared away.

 Presently the Northmen came to the
wide vault which Rala had noticed on the
way out; and now she plucked Ragnarr by
the sleeve. Halting his men with a gesture,
he looked up at the place to which she point-
ed in the ceiling of the tunnel, not six inches
above his own tall head.
In the Grip of the Minotaur

123

  First running his finger round the edge
of the stone to make sure it was free from
mortar, Ragnarr rested the palms of both
hands against it and lifted mightily. The
stone moved slightly, but settled again.
Once more he heaved, rising on the balls of
his feet and putting every ounce of strength
into the thrust.

  The great block rose slowly, hung a mo-
ment, then rolled over on its side, leaving an
opening wide enough for a broad-shouldered
man to crawl through. Lifting himself
easily, Ragnarr took a swift glance at what
lay above and dropped back, looking well-
pleased.

  “It is the Temple of the Mother,” he said
softly. “Follow me, you who left your wea-
pons here.”

  They made their way to the altar where
Ragnarr counted off the stones till he came
to the one which he had seen Kamas press.
As he handled it, the stone swung inward
and there lay their good bronze weapons,
gleaming faintly in the dim light of the sin-
gle lamp that burned before the mighty fig-
ure of the goddess.

  Swiftly the prince passed the swords and
axes one by one to their owners, till at last
every man in the company was armed.
Then they dropped back into the passage
and pressed on, neglecting to replace the
great stone.

  On they hastened, up steep slopes and
around sharp corners, till the tunnel came
to a sudden end. Thrusting his massive
shoulder against the narrow closure, Rag-
narr lunged, his whole body back of the
blow, and fell prone as the door flew open.
Valgard, leaping out over the prostrate
Ragnarr, threw himself at something that
lay still on the pavement of the corridor.
Then he rose, wiping his fingers.

  “Dead already,” he announced. “The
fool was asleep against the door and fell on
his own spear.”

CHAPTER VIII

THE SONG OF THE SWORD

*	I 'HE SIX stone lamps in the palace shrine
shone down on a solemn little com-
pany. Upon high thrones at opposite ends
of the room sat Dardanus and a thin little
old man with flowing robes and a long
white beard. This dignitary, the High
Priest of the Mother, wore about his neck

the symbol of his office, the twisted golden
chain of intertwining serpents.

  Dardanus was clad in his most sumptuous
scarlet robes of state and wore a broad gold
band about his temples. His right hand
held an ivory scepter, tipped with a heavy
golden ball.

  Midway between the thrones stood a low
altar, with crescent horns of consecration
attached to each of its four faces and touch-
ing at the tips. To the left of the altar and
facing the high priest stood Prince Ambro-
geos, with the Admiral Rhodonthos by his
side. To the right stood Ilia, clad all in
white, with a silver diadem upon her head.
Beside her was a sad-eyed matron, the Tro-
jan Queen, her face wearing the patient look
of one who has suffered much.

  All semblance of happiness had vanished
from Ilia’s eyes. She was face to face with
her fate, and she knew not whether her lover
had escaped from his triumphant enemy.
Her brave spirit kept down any sign of the
terror that sickened her soul; she looked
upon her fate with unfaltering, queenlike
majesty.

  The high priest rose, his feeble hands lift-
ed high above his head. At this sign, Dar-
danus came slowly to his feet, down the
three steps of his throne, and delivered to
the queen a chain of gold. Then he stood
motionless, facing the priest. The queen
turned, kissed the chain, and laid it about
Ilia’s neck; then, taking her daughter by the
hand, she led her to the altar.

 Ambrogeos and Rhodonthos now bowed
their heads before the high priest, turned
and stepped to the altar, across whose
sacred horns Ambrogeos and Ilia joined
hands. Then the high priest began to in-
tone the Chant of the Mother, and as he
sang the first stave in his quavering falsetto,
two lines of priests marched in through the
wide doorway, chanting the Marriage
Hymn.

“O Thou, Who all things quickenest,

Who givest life to all that dwell on earth,

Descend from thy thrice holy seat,

To bless and fructify this wedded pair;

Hallow their love and guide their steps,

Through life to life, life-giving, all their days,

Till, lost to earth, from earth released,

In Thee they blend again, in changeless wedlock

   live.”

  The song ceased; and swiftly, in strange
and wild antiphony, there rose a ringing
voice:
124

Adventure

“Tyr!

           While blade cleaves to handle,

          While blood dyes the edges,

          While gray sword slayeth,

          And gray wolf devoureth,

          His fame shall soar upward
          As soars the swift eagle,

          The ravening war-bird,

          Who rendelh his foemen.

Tyr!”

  All stood, staring in petrified wonder.
Between the ranks of frightened priests a
towering figure strode, eyes blazing under
the bronze helmet, the right hand clutching
a great, naked sword, whose hard gray
edges flashed in the lamplight like flickering
fire.

  It was Ragnarr, and behind him trooped
rank on rank of armed and stern-eyed men.
Among the first swaggered Hjalti the Bard,
whose tongue had been loosed by the sing-
ing of the priests. Ragnarr strode to the
altar, with eyes only for Ilia, who rushed to
him with a glad cry.

  Ambrogeos turned pale, but less from
fright than fury. He stood for a moment,
clutching at the place where his sword-hilt
would have been, then, seizing the heavy
scepter from the king’s hand, he struck at
Ragnarr with all his might.

  Valgard sprang in, his mighty ax circling
round his head; but before he could strike,
Ragnarr thrust Ilia into the old warrior’s
arms, and the gray sword descended to
meet the white staff. It cut the tough ivory
handle into two pieces, and, turning, struck
the Cretan an awful, though a glancing
blow, full on the head. Ambrogeos fell, his
blood streaming from the wound. The
Northmen raised their crashing battle-cry
of “Tyr!”

  Now were heard the jingling clank of ac-
coutrements and the running of many feet,
and through the doorway poured a detach-
ment of the royal guard. The soldiers
halted in amazement at the scene, but grim
old Rhodonthos cried:

  “Warriors, avenge the slaughter of your
monarch’s guest! Strike these bold mur-
derers down!”

  But the soldiers hesitated, for between
them and their king stood the stern North-
men, swords and axes raised, while high
above the cowering Dardanus towered the
mighty Valgard, his ax poised above the
king’s head.

  “Stir and I strike!” he shouted.

  Ragnarr stood over the smitten Ambro-

geos, his threatening eyes and dripping
sword striking terror to the Trojans’ hearts.

  “O king!” he cried, pointing to the
guardsmen. “It is not seemly that all these
should hear the words we have to speak to-
gether. Is it your will—as it is mine—that
all these should go?”

  The soldiers stood irresolute, but the
king, his tongue loosened by the sight of
the cruel ax that hovered longingly above
him, bade them withdraw. Priests and sol-
diery filed slowly out, their faces blank and
staring. After them strode the Admiral
Rhodonthos, his fierce eyes hot with hatred.

  Again Ilia came to Ragnarr’s arms.

  “You have done what none in Troy was
brave enough to do,” she said in tones vi-
brant with triumphant love. “But I fear
greatly lest this very deed bring death to
you and to all of us that are here. If that
befall, then I shall die as I have lived, lov-
ing you. Now shall I go also, or is it right
for me to hear what you and my father have
to say to each other?”

  “You shall stay,” answered Ragnarr.
“Valgard, look to my bride while I have
speech with my father here.”

  Putting up his ax and descending from
the dais, the old warrior drew the girl aside,
while all stood silent, waiting for the storm
to burst.

  Dardanus shifted his gaze uneasily under
the Northman’s piercing eyes. His hands
opened and closed nervously, and he swal-
lowed once or twice to ease.the dryness of
his throat. Suddenly he could endure it no
longer. Terrified, conscious of guilt as he
was, some spark of his youthful fire came
back to him, as the contemptuous glance of
the young man roused anger in his heart,
and resentment at the violation of his
hearth.

  “You rash young fool!” he shrilled,
stamping his foot. “Was it not enough that
your ill-omened presence in my land brought
Crete about my ears? Must you now com-
plete my ruin? Think you that Minos will
not take vengeance for this murderous deed?
Aye, and a bloody vengeance! Well will it
be if one of us survive to tell the tale of the
sea-king’s sacrifice to the ghost of his first-
born!”

  “Peace!” interrupted Ragnarr. “Is there
aught, old trembler, that you fear more
than death? I have done no more than
my right: I have slain or grievously wound-
ed the man who thought to rob me; I have
In the Grip of the Minotaur

125

won my bride with my sword-hand, and
have forced her perjured father to treat with
me in the open, where lies and broken
promises will not avail him.

  “I have braved a people in arms with a
few men and have declared war on my ene-
mies and yours. As for this lump of flesh—”
and he touched the prone Ambrogeos with
his foot—“it is no use to raise an outcry
over him. If he is not slain outright, it mat-
ters not. When the sword Tyrfing sets her
teeth in a man, he is doomed. Speak of
what counts: what do you propose to do?
Stay here and wait for the coming of this
Minos, or flee?”

  Dardanus trembled with rage.

  “Thrice-accursed barbarian!” he scream-
ed. “You bring death upon me and ask if I
mean to take it standing or running! Oh,
if my frame had the vigor of youth once
more, and I were armed! One thing I can
do, Wolf of the Waters: the compact be-
tween us is no more—I stamp upon it. My
daughter shall never be yours in this life,
unless you add robbery to murder and tear
her from her helpless father’s arms. If you
dare do that, my curse upon you both!
Now go to your ship, hoist your abhorred
sail, and lift the ban of the gods from my
shores!”

  Now Ragnarr’s ears caught the tramp of
booted feet, and Rhodonthos stood in the
doorway, with four armed Cretans behind
him.

   “Is it the slayer’s will that we bear his vic-
tim’s body hence?” he asked in even tones.

  The Northmen raised their shields and
drew together, save Ragnarr, who advanced
and spoke with grim courtesy.

  “Sea-thief, I will not deny the boon a
brave man asks. Take your lord, and may
we meet again.”

  “May I live to see that day,” replied the
Cretan earnestly.

  He signed to his men who entered, picked
up the prostrate and unmoving Ambrogeos
and bore him away on a framework of
spears. At the doorway Rhodonthos paused

and looked back till his eyes met those of
Dardanus.

  “Dog of Minos!” he hissed. “We go now,
but we shall return to levy such a tribute as
will bring wailing into every house in Troy,
and spread a royal banquet for the Mino-
taur!”

  Valgard, who stood by Ilia’s side, bent
over the princess and said softly:

  “When we leave this place, we go straight
to our ship. The tide will be at the flood in
two hours more. If you are bold enough,
come through the passage to the grove on
the river’s bank, by the southwest gate.
We will wait for you. He does not know.”

  “I will come,” she answered simply.

  Ragnarr looked almost pityingly at the
poor old king who had fallen to his knees,
his face as yellowy-white as his cloven scep-
ter.

  “After all,” said the Northman, “it is I
who have brought this evil upon you, and
none but I should bear what comes of it.
What tribute is it the sea-thief speaks of,
and what manner of monster is this Mino-
taur?”

  “How should I know?” Dardanus groan-
ed wearily. “They who have seen him have
not lived to tell of it. Every year, Crete has
wrung from us a tribute of twenty youths
and twenty maidens for this Minotaur, and
none has ever looked upon their faces again.
It is said, and all men believe it, that he is a
fearful monster who devours them living.
Now Minos will have a life from every
household for this deed, and we are fortu-
nate if he asks no more. Oh, that I have
lived to see this day!”

  Ragnarr raised gray Tyrfing above his
head and shook it in his mighty grip.

  “By this sword,” he swore, “and by Tyr,
the god of my house, this is my task, and I
take it upon myself! I will sail to this
island of Crete, give myself up to meet this
Minotaur who fattens on innocent blood,
and slay him in single combat! Then, O
Dardanus, I will return and claim my
bride!”

TO BE CONTINUED
    *yi' WAS Sunday. The skidders,
I the log-loaders, the geared loco-
IjA motives, the ax and the saw of
CSSmS the woodsmen were silent; over
the mountains lay the soft blue haze that
somehow hallows all the days of September
and October.

  The midday meal was over, and most of
the lumberjacks, clad in their best, lounged
here and there on the big, rough boarding-
house porches; some of them bullied their
friends good-naturedly, others told funny
stories; all of them were smoking. Moun-
taineers they were, nine out of every ten
of them, stalwart, sunburned, big-hearted
sons of the hills.

  Suddenly one of them that was not a
mountaineer, a heavily built man under
thirty, who never alluded to his past any
more than if he had had no past what-
ever, rose and went upstairs and to his un-
plastered, unceiled, ‘unpapered room, where
even the bedframe was made of rough
boards.

  He halted just inside. A strapping young
fellow in cheap blue serge turned from a
small mirror that hung on the opposite wall;
he had been giving his thick black hair a
careful combing. When he saw his room-
mate, he reddened a little.

  “Hello, Marvin,” he drawled in the drawl
of the hills—he was a hill man.

  Marvin Blair laughed, and sat down heav-
ily on their cheap bed.

  “All togged up to go to see old Henry
Larrimore’s girl!” he said briskly.

  “It ain’t a criminal offense, is it?” smiled
the mountaineer.

  “I guess not,” laughed Blair. “Fact is,
I meant to go to see her myself this after-
noon.”

  Tom Harman looked thoughtful and
somewhat perplexed. They had been pretty
good friends, he and Marvin Blair; and now
—now was a woman coming between them?

  “Well,” he said finally, “I ain’t got no
mortgage on her. You’ve got as good a
right to go to see her as me, I reckon. We
shore won’t fall out over Bess, Marvin.
But we oughtn’t to both go to see her at the
same time. S’pose we pitch heads and tails
and see who goes and who don’t go?”

  Blair nodded.

  “Heads you go, tails I go.”

  The mountaineer took a small coin from
his pocket and tossed it almost to the raf-
ters. It fell heads up.

  “Lucky boy!” said Marvin Blair, shrug-
ging his shoulders.

  Tom Harman stole down by way of the
back stairway to avoid a ragging, and hur-
ried off through the woodland. From a
window Marvin Blair watched him go with
a strange light in his eyes. More than one
pair of good friends have been brought to
swords’ points by a woman.

  Old Henry Larrimore lived a mile away
in a rambling log cabin at the head of a
A Woman Keeps a Secret

127

cove. The guttered path that led from the
weather-beaten gate to the front porch was
lined with frost-bitten marigolds and pretty-
by-nights.

  Old Henry sat in a home-made chair in
the doorway, and he held an open Bible
in his hand. Beside his chair lay a spotted
hound with its tongue lolling out.

  Tom Harman stopped at the stone step,
straightened the collar of his blue cham-
bray sliirt, jerked at his tie and uttered a
greeting.

  Larrimore looked up.

 “Hi, Tom. How d’ye come on? Take
’at chair thar on the porch. Fine day.
Been to dinner, I reckon? Set down then.”

  Tom sat down and patted the hound’s
head. Most dogs made friends easily with
Tom Harman, and children liked him; and
this is eulogy.

  “Whar’s Bess at?” he asked awkwardly.

  “Bess?” Old Henry bit off a chew of
twisted brown tobacco. “I don’ know.
’At was shore a fine little rifle ye bought for
Bess, Tom; but I’m afeard ye laid out too
much money on it. Blast my eyes, Tom
Harman, ef she cain’t beat me a-shootin’
with it! She vows ef ever us and them thar
low-down Fallses gits to fightin’ ag’in she’s
a-goin’ to he’p! Good stuff in that gyurl,
Tom. And it now looks like the’d be more
trouble atwixt us and the Fallses. Joe
Falls he’s been a-carryin’ talk around putty
sharp.

  “Bess hates Joe. By gar! She turns as
white as a ghost when she even hears his
name spoke. As you know, Tommy, we
alius thought it was Joe Falls ’at killed my
boy George—pore George! He was the
finest boy in the world. Twin brother to
Bess, he was—thar’s Bess now. Down at
the spring in the lorrels. She run, I reckon,
when she seed you a-comin’. The mink!”

  With a long arm he pointed.

  Harman patted the hound’s head again,
rose, and went down to the spring where he
found a slender young woman who was, in
all truth, a nymph of the woods—an unedu-
cated, primitive young woman. She was
barefooted and bareheaded, and her chest-
nut-brown hair was caught at the back of
her neck with a faded blue ribbon; her eyes
were brown too; her mouth was sweet and
mischievous, very mischievous. She smiled
saucily at Tom Harman.

  “Hi, Bess,” he greeted her.

  “ ’Lo, Tom,” she replied.

  They sat down on a moss-covered stone
there by the spring, in the shade of a great,
cool green hemlock tree. Tom broke off a
fern and began to strip the leaves from the
stem. He spoke slowly, even for him, when
he spoke.

  “Bess,” he said, “I love ye, and I’ve come
to ax ye to marry me and jine yore forchunes
with mine, and be my wife. What’s the
verdict?”

 “Why—I thought you hated all
wimmin!” laughed Bess.

  Tom frowned hard. His gaze absently
followed a bee-martin that was chasing a
bee.

  “I did say I did,” he muttered, “ a long
time ago. Five year ago, it was. I imagined

I	was in love with Julie Flint, over on
Grandpap Mountain. I wasn’t but jest
eighteen then, and a fool. I sold mydawg
and my banjo to buy her a ’gagement ring
—and she went and told it and laughed
about it. Told it fust, and ’en laughed about
it! A woman jest cain’t keep a secret. It’s
onpossible for a woman to keep a secret!”
He had spoken with a great deal of spirit.
It was the spirit of the hill pride, the finest
and yet the most unreasoning pride on
earth. But Bess misunderstood. If he didn’t
still love the Grandpap Mountain girl why
was he so worked up?

  “Here’s a woman ’at can keep a secret,
Tom,” she said spicily. “I’m a-keepin’ a
secret now. It’s a big secret, too, Tom Har-
man. It’s so big, ef I was to tell you, you—
you’d shore jump!”

  “Tell me,” begged Tom. “I won’t never
tell; hope to die and go to the devil the next
minute ef I do.”

  “No,” said Bess. “I’m a-goin’ to show
you that a woman can keep a secret.”
Tom spent ten precious minutes in plead-
ing. She refused stoutly to tell.

  “I bet I know,” he muttered. “You’re
a-goin’ to marry Marvin Blair.”

  “Am I?” she said. “Am I?” she went on.
“Why don’t you quit loggin’ for a livin’,
Tom, and go to tellin’ forchunes?”

  “Well,” smiled the mountaineer, “you
hain’t answered my question yit. Will ye
marry me, Bess?”

  “No,” flatly. “No, I won’t. Go over to
Grandpap Mountain and marry Julie Flint.
Good-by, Tom, and luck be with ye when
ye go atter Julie!”

  She rose and ran from him. He watched
her go with fire in his eyes. He loved her
128

Adventure

madly, as he had never loved the perfidious
Julie Flint. Slowly he made his way back
to the logging-camp’s boarding-house.

THE other lumberjacks were stand-
ing in somber little groups here and
there on the porches when he ar-
rived. Something out of the ordinary had
taken place, he knew. Then Marvin Blair
beckoned to him and they went upstairs-
together.

  When they were in their room Blair closed
the door and turned to Harman. Blair’s
face was pale and anxious.

  “I didn’t mean to tell even you, Tom,”
began Blair. “But now I think I’d better.
They’ve sent for an officer, and he’ll be here
any minute. Tom, Joe Falls is downstairs,
dead. They brought him in from Mad Dog
Creek, a few minutes after you left for
Henry Larrimore’s. He had been dead for
several hours. The gun that killed him was
a small-bored rifle. The only small-bored
rifle in this whole section is the one you
gave Bess. Bess hated Joe like poison
because she thought he killed her twin
brother. Now do you see where she
stands?”

  “The devil!” cried the hill man smoth-
eredly. “But she never done it—did she,
Marvin?”

  Blair looked behind him.

  “Yes,” he whispered, “she did it. I saw
her do it.”

  Harman’s big hands clenched hard.

  “See here, Blair,” he growled, his voice
throbbing, “you ain’t a-lyin’ about her, are
you?”

  “Lying about her!” Blair was white.
“Tom, I love Bess as much as you do! I
was on my way to see her this morning, and
just before I reached Mad Dog Creek I saw
Joe Falls in the woods ahead of me. Then I
heard a rifle-shot and I saw Joe crumple
like a wet rag and pitch forward with his
face in the leaves. I looked toward the little
cloud of powder smoke and there stood Bess
Larrimore, with the little rifle you gave her
in her hands! I hurried back here to tell
you. Then I decided I wouldn’t tell any-
body. But the size of the bullet will cause
her arrest—that and the fact that she hated
Joe so much; and when her trial comes off
she won’t stand for the grilling of the pros-
ecuting attorney, and her very nerve will
give her away!”

  Through Harman’s brain there flashed

something Bess had said to him less than an
hour before: “I’m keepin’ a secret now.
It’s a big secret, too.” So the killing of the
man who she believed had killed the
brother she had loved more than life, that
was her big secret! That poor little hot-
headed, fiery-souled child! He regretted
that he had given her the rifle.

  Blair continued in tones that were low
and tense:

  “Even if the Larrimores prove that Joe
Falls killed the son of Old Henry, it won’t
clear the girl. And it’s up to you and me to
save her, Tpm, my friend. One of us must
make a sacrifice for this girl we both love.
Either of us is big enough to do it. We
would have a chance of escape, but Bess
wouldn’t. Don’t you see, Tom? Well, are
you game?”

  “Am I game!” muttered the mountaineer,
inclined toward feeling insulted at being
asked. “Marvin, my middle name is game.
How’ll we decide which one of us is to make
the sacrifice?”

  Blair took a coin from his pocket. It was
a copper cent.

  “Tails it’s you,” he whispered, “and heads
it’s me. Is that all right?”

  “Pitch it!” said Tom.

  Blair flipped the coin to the rafters; it
spun in the air, over and over, and fell with
a slight tinkle. The two men bent forward
anxiously.

  “It’s up to me,” said Harman, straighten-
ing; and he said it without regret, like a
man.

  They shook hands silently, and then they
went downstairs.

II

FIFTEEN minutes later Harman
walked into the room where all that
was left of Joe Falls lay under an
old quilted coverlet. The room was
crowded.

  Harman forced his way to where a tall
and lean, bearded man bent over the silent
figure. The lean, bearded man was a
deputy sheriff, and he had only that minute
arrived.

  “Does anybody here know who killed this
man?” he asked quietly, his shaggy brows
drawn above his alert gray eyes.

  “I done it,” said Tom Harman, putting
out his wrists for the irons.

  Now Bill Hines knew Harman, and he
A Woman Keeps a Secret

129

knew that Harman had a reputation as a
good, fair fighter.

  “It seems to me you was hasty, Tom,”
slowly. “You could ha’ broke Joe Falls
over your knee and saved gunpowder.
What made you do it, Tom?”

  “I reckon I’ll carry my little bit o’ talk
to the trile jedge, Bill,” drawled Harman.
“Ef you’re ready to go, I am.”

  The deputy ironed the mountaineer, and
drew his revolver, not that he thought he
might need it for Harman, but because there
was danger of the dead man’s relatives
making a violent demonstration. Hines took
the prisoner out to where his horse stood
hitched to a little cedar, and mounted.
Then, with Harman walking briskly in the
road ahead of him he started for a town in
the lowlands.

  Not for one second had the mountaineer
meant to face a trial in the courthouse at
Johnsboro; nor did he mean to allow himself
to be even locked up in the Johnsboro jail.
He was fully determined that he would es-
cape from Hines before they reached the
lowlands. But he had a little talking to do
before he made his escape, and he proceed-
ed to it.

  “Bill,” he said over his shoulder, “ef
you’ve threatened to kill me on sight, and I
shoot you down the fust time we meet, can
I be sent up for that?”

  Hines answered—“Not if you can prove
that I threatened to kill you on sight.”
Harman stopped as suddenly as if he had
been struck. He acted well, indeed.

  “The devil!” he cried as if greatly cha-
grined. “Bill Hines, I hain’t got no wit-
nesses to prove it by!”

  “Looks bad. Let’s go on, Tom,” said
Hines.

  He seemed more watchful than before.
He kept his hand close to the butt of his
revolver now. Bill Hines had an oath to
keep, and he meant to keep it. Had the
prisoner been his own mother’s son it would
have made no difference.

  But Harman had to escape. He was like
the rabbit that climbed a tree. Over and
over in his mind he turned this plan and
that. He thought of leaping from a cliff
the road ran on and hiding himself, all but
his nose, in a pool of the creek below; he
thought of frightening Hines’s horse and
making a quick dive into the thick laurels—
and half a dozen other things—but none of
these methods promised enough.

9

  Hines was accustomed to tricks. Hines
himself was a fox. Harman did not fall
upon an idea that thoroughly pleased him
until they had covered several miles.

  How small the things that sometimes de-
cide human destinies! Twice that day al-
ready the tide of Tom Harman’s life had
been turned by the mere tossing of a coin.
And still another turn was at hand. This
time it was so little a thing as the sight of a
gray squirrel that ran along on the ground,
whisking its bushy tail and making a noise
something like the quacking of a young
duck.

  It was in the squirrel-shooting season.
Had it not been the Seventh Day, the woods
would have rung with the echoes of the
hunter’s rifle. As it was, Harman had
heard only one shot; generally speaking,
the hillfolk remember the Sabbath.

  Suddenly Harman stopped and faced
about.

  “A word with ye, Bill,” he said, and he
seemed badly frightened. “Them Fallses
will take a shot at me as shore as the devil’s
bad as soon as we git in them thick hick’ry
woods ahead thar. I want to ax ye, Bill, to
keep both o’ yore eyes wide open for a
Falls with a rifle. I hain’t in a fix to defend
myself now.”

  Hines seemed impressed.

  “I’ve been thinking of that,” he growled.

  Another mile they made. They had al-
most passed through a long stretch of gold-
en-yellow hickories when from the moun-
tainside above and to the right there came
the keen thunder of a rifle, and Tom Har-
man wheeled and crumpled and fell on his
face in the dust of the road. He moaned
and turned on his back, and Bill Hines saw
a red splotch on his blue chambray shirt
squarely over his heart.

  “I told you—to watch for a Falls—you
tin-can officer,” he muttered disconnectedly,
gasping, writhing.

  When a man is shot straight through the
heart there is no chance for him to live.
Bill Hines swore a loud oath, spurred his
horse and rode, his revolver ready in his
hand, into the hickories. A moment later
he surprised a bare-headed and freckled
youth in the act of ramming a round bullet
into the barrel of an old muzzle-loader.

  “You’ll shoot a man I’ve got arrested,
will you!” cried Hines. “Hands up, you—
quick!”

  The boy smiled good-naturedly.
130

Adventure

  “You’ve treed the wrong ’coon, mister,”
he drawled. “I shot a squirrel. Thar it
is.”

  He pointed to a gray-tail lying on the
leaves. Light broke to Bill Hines, the fox.
He rode at a breakneck pace back to where
he had left Tom Harman for dead. Har-
man was gone.

  “I knowed,” said Harman to the friend
who, with a hammer and an ax, broke the
irons from his wrists late that night, “that
the’d shorely be a hunter in them hick’ries,
Sunday or no Sunday. So I gethered me a
handful o’ pokeberries from the side o’ the
road to make blood, and took the resk.
And so now it’s me for Kaintucky. So long.
Much obliged, and good luck!”

  The night and the laurels swallowed him.

THERE were no logging-camps in
that section of the Blue Grass State
to which Tom Harman went. Un-
der a high-sounding name he hired himself
to a wealthy horse-breeder; and the horse-
breeder liked him, paid him good money for
his work and asked no questions.

  For nearly three years he tried to be con-
tented with the idea that he had sacrificed
home and friends and his heart’s desire in a
worthy cause. Then he began to think
backward frequently, of Bess and his moth-
er, and the blooming laurels on Black Pine
Mountain, and the call came; the longing
was too great to be thrown down.

  He wore a nicely pointed young black
beard now, and he was of the opinion that
even his own brother would have difficulty
in recognizing him. So he decided that he
would just slip back home and see Bess again
and his people, and his good friend, Marvin
Blair, then slip back to . Kentucky without
the law’s being any the wiser. And perhaps
—perhaps he would bring Bess back with
him as his wife. He believed she loved him.
And if she did love him, could she refuse to
marry him after what he had done for her?

  Back to Tennessee’s dim blue hills went
Tom Harman, and he walked the last hun-
dred miles of the journey because he did not
like to run the risk of meeting the fox, Bill
Hines.

  At noon of a day toward the last of July
he reached the crest of long, low Black Pine
Mountain and sat himself down on a stone
to rest. Spread out before him, beautiful
in the waxen white of the laurel bloom, was
his beloved home country. The old logging-

camp was still there, but a great deal of the
timber, of course, was gone.

  From where he sat he could see neither
his father’s nor old Henry Larrimore’s cab-
in; so he gave his attention wholly to his old
friends, the sputtering locomotive, the thun-
dering skidders, and the long-armed log-
loader.

  For half an hour he sat there and watched
it; then he rose and went rapidly down the
mountainside to shake the right hand of
Marvin Blair, if he was still there; and Har-
man hoped he was. Blair, of course,
wouldn’t tell; and when he had seen his old
friend he would go over to see Bess.

  He found Blair easily. Blair was giving
orders to a pair of cutters—he now held a
foreman’s place—and that was good. Har-
man was very glad of that.

  Harman stepped out of the blooming
laurels and confronted his old partner.

  “Marvin, do you know me?” he cried
happily.

  “Not from a side of sole-leather,” said
Blair, halting abruptly.

  “Tom!” smiled the mountaineer.

  “Harman!” exclaimed Blair. “How’re
you, Tom?”

  “Keen as a mink!” They shook hands.
“How’s Bess Larrimore, Marvin?”

  “All right,” said Blair. He went on nerv-
ously: “Say, Bill Hines has haunted this
place almost daily since you got away from
him. He feels that his honor will never be
made whole until he gets you—you know
how he is, Tom. And he’d know you
through your beard. He’d know you if
you had a bear’s face on you! Better sneak
over to your father’s and hide there, and
do it quick. I’ll be over tonight to see you,
and I’ll tell Bess you’re here. Be careful!
Hines holds out that you will be caught if it
takes the rest of his life.”

  “All right,” said Harman, and he dove
into the thick laurels.

  Almost on a line between him and his
father’s cabin was the cabin of old Henry
Larrimore, and the temptation to stop and
see Bess for one little minute became strong.
He yielded to it and went creeping up to the
spring under the giant hemlock. Bess was
nowhere in sight, and he went on to the
house. A gray-nosed old hound came to the
weather-beaten gate to meet him, and he
gave it a friendly pat on the head. Then he
hallooed softly.

  Bess came to the door. He saw that she
A Woman Keeps a Secret	131

was a full-grown woman now, mature and
roundish. She wore her hair up, and she
wore shoes and stockings, and skirts of blue
percale reached to her ankles. It was evi-
dent that she did not know him. Forgetting
all about Bill Hines, he acted upon a mis-
chievous impulse and said to her:

  “I’m a travelin’ fortune-teller, kind lady,
and all I charge for a full life readin’ is the
pitiful sum of ten cents. Your money back
if you’re not satisfied.”

  It came smoothly enough. Nearly three
years of association with Kentucky horse-
men had taken away much of his native
dialect.

  “Come in and have a chair on the porch,”
said Bess with a vague unhappiness in her
voice. “I’ll bring out the money.”

  Harman went to the porch and sat down.
He drew the rim of his broad black hat low
over his eyes to prevent her from recogniz-
ing him. She came out, gave him a nickel
and five pennies and sat down in a chair
facing him. He put the money into his
pocket and reached for her hand.

  “A man who loves you is not far away,”
he began in a monotone, staring intently at
her palm. “He has come back here to ask
you to marry him. He couldn’t think of
anything but you in the daytime, nor dream
of anything but you at night, up in Ken-
tucky. He loves you more than life; and if
you love him the devil hisself cain’t keep

you two apart. If you-”

  The young woman tore her hand from his
and went to her feet. She knew him now,
even through his beard.

  “Tom!” she cried broken-heartedly, and
there was all the grim tragedy and suffering
of death in her brown eyes. “Tom! You’ve
come back for me, and I—I’ve done went
and married myself to a man I hate!”
“Married!”

  Harman, too, went to his feet. His face
was chalky white, and he looked at her with
stern and bitter reproach.

  “Two months ago,” she said. “To Mar-
vin Blair.”

Ill

Iffl SHE bent her head, crushed, bro-
pPhj ken. He stood over her, primitive,
strong and terrible. And yet, he
tried to reason with himself. She had never

promised to be his wife. Still-

“What made you marry him?” he asked,

and his voice was pinched down so much
that the woman thought he was speaking
gently.

  “I didn’t think I’d ever see you any
more,” she answered weakly and hopelessly.
“My father and mother died after you left.
I wanted a home of my own. I decided I’d
as well marry Marvin as anybody else, or
better, acause he was yore best friend, I
understood. But I soon hated him. He’s
mean to me. He’s a brute. Marvin Blair’s
a brute! To look at him and to hear him
talk, you’d think he was a saint. But he
ain’t. He’s oily. Tom, he fooled you; he
cain’t be no friend to anybody!” '

  “Yes, I reckon he fooled me,” agreed
Harman. “But he won’t never fool me no
more. And he won’t never treat you mean
no more. I run away the other time to save
you, but this time I’ll run away to save my-
self. Bess, I-”

  Bess had raised her head. The man be-
fore her read surprise, even amazement, in
her countenance.

  “You say you run away the other time to
save me!” she cried. “How come it that
you run away to save me? Are you crazy,
Tom, or am I? I don’t know what you
mean, Tom! Oh, I wisht you hadn’t ha’
killed Joe Falls. He ought ’o have been

killed, but you-”

  “Killed Joe Falls!” cut in the hill man,
taking the woman by the shoulders. “Why,
you—you was the one that killed Joe
Falls. You done it with the little rifle I
bought for you!”

  “Oh, Tom,” almost hysterically, “you
know I couldn’t kill a man, don’t you?”
Light broke to Harman. Suddenly he
understood: Marvin Blair himself had
killed Joe Falls, in a card game, of course;
and afterward Blair had cleverly covered
his crime and cleared the way to the pretti-
est girl in the Black Pine section at one
cunning stroke.

  It threw Harman into a boiling rage.
And he was disappointed, too. Truly, the
real friends of a man’s lifetime may be
counted on one’s fingers, for friendship is
scarce, and finer, less selfish than any other
kind of love. But, after all, Blair had wil-
lingly taken his chance on the tossing of a
coin. There Tom Harman found himself
in a dilemma.

  He told Bess all about it. Bess went
into the cabin and returned a moment later
with a fully loaded automatic pistol of
132

Adventure

small caliber, which explained much to
Harman. That pistol had been used in the
killing of Joe Falls, he was sure. He un-
loaded it and gave it back to Bess.

  “Put it where you found it,” he said to
her. “I’ll be back tonight to have a little
talk with Marvin,” he went on, turning
toward the gate, “and you’d better not be
here.”

  “You ain’t a-goin’ to kill him, Tom!”

  “No, I guess not. I’ll own up that I’d
like to, but I don’t want to ruin yore future
and mine by doin’ it.”

  His future and hers! She blushed hap-
pily-

  Tom’s people told him they had not seen
Bill Hines for months. Plainly Blair had
lied. Then Tom and his father laid a plan,
and Mark Harman took his long rifle and
went to see that Blair did not try to make
an escape.

AT SUNDOWN, while Tom sat at
the supper-table, Bill Hines walked
in with a revolver in his hand.

  “I’ve got you, Tom,” he said quietly.
“Yes, I guess you have, Bill,” replied
Tom; and he ate on as if it were a very com-
monplace thing to be arrested on a charge of
murder. “Have some supper, old hoss?”
“Thanks, not if I know it,” Hines winked.
“You’ll play no more tricks on me, Tom.
You won’t get away this time!”

  “I won’t?” laughed Harman, with a
broad wedge of huckleberry pie in hands.
“How do you know I won’t?”

  “Wait and see if you do,” smilingly.
“When you got away from me three years
ago you done something to brag about,
Tom!”

  “I know it. Marvin Blair sent for you,
didn’t he? Telephoned?”

  Hines declined to answer, and by that,
Harman knew that he had guessed cor-
rectly.

  On the mountainside above, a heavily
built, anxious man watched the Harman
cabin as a hawk watches a squirrel’s nest,
and back in the blooming laurels and old
mountaineer with a long rifle in his hands
watched him just as closely. When Bill
Hines had taken his prisoner toward the
Johnsboro jail, Marvin Blair drew a long
breath of relief and started rapidly home-
ward. And behind him, stalking him as
silently as ever he had stalked a bear or a
deer, went old Mark Harman.

  It was pitchy dark when Blair reached the
cabin that he called home. There was no
light in the log-house, at which he wondered.
He entered, lighted a lamp that was on a
small home-made table and called for Bess;
there was no answer. Frowning, he took
the automatic pistol from its place on the
high smoked mantel and dropped it into his
pocket; and then he sat down at the little
table and began to turn certain matters over
in his mind.

  Then the front door opened suddenly,
and in stepped Tom Harman, and there was
no officer with him!

  “Hi, Marvin,” said Harman with a very
good imitation of the camaraderie of the
old days, as he dropped into a chair across
the table from Bess’s husband.

  “Hello,” muttered Blair worriedly, and
his right hand went to the butt of the little
blue pistol in his coat-pocket. “Seen Bill
Hines?”

  “Yes. He arrested me, and I got away
from him,” with a broad smile; it was a
victorious smile too.

  “How?”

  “Used my brains, like I done before. Also
I took his star and his gun from him—

see?”

  He turned his left coat-lapel and showed a
shining deputy-sheriff’s badge. Just above
the edge of the table he thrust the round nose
of a big revolver.

  “I’m actin’ deputy-sheriff now,” he went
on, his voice growing harder, “and I am
here to arrest you for killin’ Joe Falls in a
card game!”

  All in the space of a second Marvin Blair
darted downward, aimed the little blue
pistol and pulled the trigger. Harman
laughed.

  “I’d done unloaded it,” he said, “and I
watched you when you come in to see that
you didn’t notice it; and you didn’t. Take
your chair and let’s have a talk for old
times’ sake. Maybe I’ll give you a chance.”

  White-faced, Blair crept back into his
chair. The mountaineer tossed a copper
cent to the table.

  “Let’s pitch a few heads and tails,” he
suggested. “To show you I’m game and a
sport, if you’ll throw heads once out o’ ten
throws I’ll leave the country and keep my
mouth shut. I’m a man o’ my word, Mar-
vin, you know that; but if you don’t throw
heads once out o’ ten throws, you’re to
write a confession to clear me, and then
The Manhood of a Chinaman

133

leave the country yourself, startin’ right
now. Is it a go?”

  “It’s a go,” weakly and dazedly.

  Blair knew that if ever his case went to
court he was a doomed man. He picked up
the penny and tossed it. It fell tails up.
Three more times in succession it fell tails
up. It was like a coin enchanted. Blair
examined it closely in the yellow light of
the oil lamp; then he swore bitterly and
threw it disgustedly to the floor.

 “What’s the matter?” asked Harman
quietly. “Is anything wrong with the
penny, Marvin? Why, man, it’s the very
same penny we pitched nearly three years
ago to see which one of us went up in the
place o’ the girl we both loved!”

  He went on, in another tone:

  “You scoundrel, you cheat, you low-down
piker! That penny was made out o’ two
pennies—it’s got tails on both sides! No
wonder you was willin’ to take your chance
on tails! How did I come by it? It was in
fhe ten cents your wife gi’ me for tellin’ her
fortune—I didn’t know you was married.
Now you write that confession and light

out, or else I take you to Johnsboro. Which
do you want to do?”

  Blair wrote the confession, signed it and
gave it to Harman. Then he broke for the
front door—and ran straight into the pow-
erful arms of Bill Hines! When Blair had
been ironed the young mountaineer gave the
empty revolver and the badge back to its
owner. Hines, a little distrustful, had
kept Tom covered while he was working out
his part of that which had just taken place
in the cabin.

  When Bess had her separation, Harman
went to see her. Together they walked
down to the spring among the laurels, and
together they sat down on a stone under the
great, cool green hemlock.

  “There’s one thing I’m dyin’ to know,
Bess,” said Harman, as he slowly stripped
the leaves from a fern. “What was that se-
cret you was keepin’—that big, big scret?”
Womanlike, she answered his question
with two questions.

  “Couldn’t you guess, Tom?” blushing.
“Do I haf to beat it into yore head with a
club, Tom—honey?”

iTE WAS taking a hike ’cross
country. We had laid up at
Mojave for a few weeks, “cool-
in’ off, an’ gettin’ civilized
again,” as Old Wade put it.

  Fact is, we had started for Los Angeles,
but there chanced to be a pretty good bunch
of good fellows in town when we struck
Mojave, and we couldn’t resist the tempta-
tion to cool off an’ get civilized, although

the old Times thermometer at the station
never pointed at less than 120 in the shade,
and the civilization consisted mostly of sa-
loons and other joints, with some pretty
tough citizens for playmates.

  It wasn’t the Mojave of today; they have
some churches there now, and good schools;
most of the dives and some of the saloons
have disappeared, and with them has also
iaded away a heap of that element of miners

Tiie Manhood

a ChinamaiL
134

Adventure

who used to drop in there for supplies,
or to blow their gold-dust at poker, crap,
roulette, tiger or women. It was some town
in those days; open all around, with the
skies for the limit.

  And speaking of skies reminds me that
Measles says once, when we had punched
a burro and hiked it in from Caliente and
had stopped to gaze in some wonderment at
a new gospel house that had located there
—says he:

  “God’s got His locatin’-stakes out here at
last. But it’s a blue chip again’ a cigarette
that He never would of got a claim here if
the Southern Pacific hadn’t saw it first an’
told folks about it.”

  Measles ain’t much along the prophet
line, but he sometimes speaks parables.

  Well, as I was saying, we was taking a
hike ’cross country, Old Wade, Measles and
me. A fool prospector had blowed in to
Mojave and told us in strict confidence—
liquor confidence—of a new strike that had
been made down the valley. He mentioned
some landmarks, and Old Wade had a full
page Rand McNally of it in his nut at once.
He ain’t a guesser, Wade ain’t, on Califor-
nia localities; he knows.

  We was heading for Milligan. At least
that’s how the place is known now, for the
same old S. P. has located it too, now. But
at that time there wasn’t any Southern
Pacific, or any Milligan there; it was just
desert, and black, burnt-out hills. We was
camped for the night in the hills abovewhere
the town or town-site of Milligan now is.

  I said we was camped for the night, but
we wasn’t; we was camped for the day, for
one does his traveling by night there mostly.
You would, too, if you was tenderfoot
enough to once try a daytime hike in
Death Valley or any of its suburbs. Mea-
sles was sweating and roasting a Chinaman
who had bested him at a little game of
draw in Mojave.

  “They ain’t no good,” says Measles.
“They’re a dirty, thievin’, lyin’, cowardly,
cheatin’ bunch, the whole lot of ’em; an’
the next one I sights I’m goin’ to smoke him
up proper,” says he.

  “As a bunch,” says Old Wade, “you may
have ’em sized proper. They sure ain’t
much on the tidy-up business, but they’ll
work. And take it from me, Mister Mea-
sles, you’ll smoke up no Chink while in my
company unless you can beat me to it in
drawin’ a gun.”

  At them remarks I kind of raised up and
took interest in the town topics, for I’ve
noticed that when Old Wade says “Mister”
to a man with that peculiar stress placed on
the said Mister, there’s some feeling in the
matter, and the said party addressed as Mis-
ter has somehow trod on slippery ground.

  Measles got the hunch, too, for he looks
at Old Wade kind of sidewise like, as it were,
and says:

  “Everybody has got his own ideas about
Chinks, I guess, same as about anything
else. I ain’t meanin’ no disrespect about
any Chinaman friends you may have; but
if any one has ever noticed a pigtail that
wasn’t dirty, an’ a thief, an’ a coward, I’d
like to hear all about him, ’cause I ain’t—
never.”

  Old Wade didn’t say a word; he just laid
back and smoked. After a while, though,
he says, as if he was talking to hisself—

  “He sure was dirty, an’ I reckon he was
crooked all right, but he wasn’t no coward.”

  “Was you addressin’ me?” says Measles.

  But Old Wade didn’t answer; he just laid
still and smoked. After a while he sits up
and looks around, first at the hills, then
down into the valley where the heat waves
was dancing, and where the glittering re-
flections hurt the eyes to look at. Then
he speaks up; speaks kind of slow and low,
as if talking to hisself, and says:

  “If I was a painter man an’ could paint
these hills just as they are; if I could paint
them cliffs, burned an’ black, with them
splashes of blood red, an’ them streaks of
bright yeller an’ green, an’ all colors all
standin’ out in places, bold an’ bright against
that far hill of dull warm gray that seems
to disappear somewheres off there in a sort
of haze of all colors an’ no colors, banked
up by that purple bank of mist or clouds, or
whatever it is, where the eye stops; or if I
was one of them men that can write words
what take hold of you an’ grip your throat,
an’ swell up your heart till you feel an’ know
that somewhere is God, big enough, an’
straight enough, an’ knowin’ enough to
make them hills, an’ that valley down there
—that burnin’, scorchin’, killin’ valley,
down there—that valley with its burnin’
sands, its chokin’ alkali, its untold riches, its
side picters of cool lakes an’ streams where
there ain’t no water; that valley what
offers you alkali when you want bread;
sand when you want breath; a plumb hell-
heat when you want water; death when you
The Manhood of a Chinaman

135

want life. Yes,” says Old Wade,standing up
and holding out his hands, sort as if he was
going to offer a blessing same as a preach-
er man—“yes,” says he, “a God brainy
enough to make all this—this color, this
stillness, this desert, this heat, an’ to make
it for a purpose that no man yet knows;
to make this, the likes of which ain’t no
place else on earth but in Death Valley.
I say,” says he, “if I could paint such a pic-
ter, er write such a piece, I’d-” |

“Well?” says Measles, sort of gulping.

“I’d be able to paint the picter, or write
the description of him,” says Old Wade.

  “Of who?” asks Measles.

  “Of a Chinaman,” says Old Wade, and
he goes over and leans on a boulder, and me
and Measles didn’t say anything.

  Pretty soon he comes back, slowly filling
his pipe. “Tell us about him,” I asks him;
and he points with his pipe-stem out over
the valley that here lay glistening and
white, as if it was paved with snow or ice.

  “Look straight in line with that peak over
yonder, about three mile out on the valley.
Do you see that house there?”

“I see a big rock there,” says Measles.

  “ ’Taint no rock; that’s a hut—a house,”
says Old Wade. “A house built out of salt,
rock salt.”

  “Huh!” says Measles.

  “The Chinaman is out there; we buried
him just forty steps south of the house.
The whole valley there is a bed of rock salt
for miles,” says Old Wade.

“Did you shoot him up?” asks Measles.

“IT WAS seven year ago now,” an-
swers Old Wade. “There had been
a silver rush to a new camp over
yonder beyond that far range. There’s
some pretty good stuff in the way of silver
over there, only everything is all broke up,
an’ no tellin’ when a lead will pinch out.

  “I reckon there was about forty or fifty
of us right around there in the near-by hills.
There wa’n’t no town, only a camp—a few
tents an’ a shack or two. One gin-palace
had broke into the game, though, an’ a
Chinaman runs a washec house an’ does odd
jobs, an’ plays poker.

  “One day, right in Midsummer, when
hell didn’t have nothin’ on it for hot, a
party of three struck the town, an’ it wasn’t
long till every man thereabouts had fore-
gathered at the gin-shop to talk about ’em,
for there was a woman an’ a boy in the

outfit. Seems they had come West from
Illinoy, or some of them far Eastern states.
The man had been a professor in a college
or correspondence school, or somethin’ like
that, where they teach all about minin’ to
tenderfeet who ain’t never saw a mountain.
They was here to show us minin’ fellers how
minin’ should be done scientific.

  “He was a nice little feller, all right, an’
real sociable, when he wasn’t studyin’ out
some problem in zo-ology or dox-ology, or
somethin’ like that. An’ the woman! She
was a wonder! Full of ginger and go, an’
she’d shake hands with a feller jest as
though she was a real man. I don’t jest
re-collect how it happened or why, but the
zo-ology man got mixed up with one of the
boys over a claim, an’ we buried him neat as
circumstances would allow in a little side
canon near by.

  “ ’Course the woman takes on somethin’
grievous. She tells us in several kinds of
language how we was all murderers, an’
thieves, an’ cowards. She gives the high an’
mighty to all of us ’cept the Chink. She
jest naturally adopted that Chinaman an’
wouldn’t leave him out of her sight. I
guess it’s right, all right, that the woman
human gets a hunch from somewhere as to
who’s straight goods an’ who ain’t. There
ain’t no argufyin’ or reasonin’ about it—she
jest knows. Anyhow, she thinks she does,
so that settles it with any proper man.

  “Well, she hustles Sam Ling—that’s the
Chink—’roun’ that camp till he gathers to-
gether a outfit, an’ they makes ready to
make their getaway for Los Angeles. The
Chink strikes me for four bits I owes
him for wash, an’ says: ‘We stlike um tlail
to Los Langelis, plitty quick.’ I argues
with the cuss, an’ told him it was sure death
for them to tackle a trip through the valley
in Summer. But the simp only says: ‘She
say we make um plenty allee light!’ That
settles it with Sam; whatever she says goes
with him.

  “I asks him if any of ’em knows the trail,
an’ he says: ‘She catch um short way—
over there,’ pointin’ southwest. ‘She plenty
savey,’ says he. It sure was the short way
all right, but the devil hisself couldn’t of
lived an’ made his getaway by that route
over the desert at that time of year.

  “So I goes to her an’ I says: ‘Madam—’
the professor used to call her ‘the madam’
—I says: ‘Madam, we-all feels mighty cut
up an’ sorry for you-all, an’ we will some
136

Adventure

of us go with you if you are boun’ to go.
You might jest as well take nothin’ with
you as that fool Chinaman. Besides, you
can’t get by with it goin’ by the route you-
all aims to go. There ain’t no water that
way, an’ hell ain’t a patchin’ to what you’ll
find down in the valley this time of year.’

  “She jest kinder sized me up, all up an’
down like, an’ turns up the end of her nose,
an’ says somethin’ as how as she pre-fers
the company of a Chink gent an’ burros to
the likes of us. An’ the Chink grins, an’
says: ‘She plenty good savey.’ So all I
could do was to re-tire; but I found a chance
to hit the Chink a kick jest where the back
end of his shirtce stops as I went out.

  “Well, they started; an’ they didn’t have
water enough in their outfit to last the
burro two days, not countin’ themselves.
It was clean, plumb murder, that’s all.

  “I roun’s up some of the boys an’ we had
a confab. We hustled together a outfit an’
loaded down two burros, mostly with water,
an’ two of us strikes out through the hills,
aimin’ to come out about where we decided
they would be when their water played
out.

  “We stopped about five mile below here
an’ watched for them a couple of days,
scoutin’ in different directions. Along
about five o’clock my partner shows up an’
says he had heard shots somewheres down
in the valley to the north of us. We struck
the valley an’ follows the foothills a mile or
so, an’ then decided to make for the salt
shack out there.

  “We had gone somethin’ like a mile when
we foun’ the woman, lyin’ plumb in our track.
She wasn’t dead, but, my, she was some
sight! Burned an’ blistered, with her tongue
swollen an’ stickin’ out of her mouth. She
wasn’t dead, as I says, but I thought then
she would of been a whole lot better off if
she was.

  “We picks her up; she only moaned, an’
opened an’ shut her hands, wigglin’ an’
twistin’ her fingers kind ’er stiff-like. Be-
tween us we carried her about two mile to
the salt shack. We found the Chink lyin’
outside the shack near a seep-hole in the
rock salt. He had sure crawled there, look-
in’ fer water. He found some, but it was
fifty times saltier than sea water. He was
plumb dead.

  “We takes the woman into the house an’
works over her till next day, when she
comes to enough to moan, an’ cry fer water.

God! I don’t never want to put in such a
night an’ day as them was.

  “We buried the Chink, an’ that evenin’
pard went to camp an’ brings one of the
burros an’ we contrives that night to get
her to our camp. She was plumb nutty fer
a week, an’ then what she tells us changes
my mind a heap concernin’ Chinks.

  “The first night out their burro got to
thinkin’ as how the hills looks good to him,
an’ he makes his getaway, carryin’ a keg of
water with him, that they, bein’ tenderfeet,
had left cinched on to him. Chink tells
them to stay there, an’ he strikes out after
the beast next mornin’, without water.

  “He didn’t find the brute, but managed
to get back to the woman an’ kid about
noon. He was all in, I reckon, from what
she says, but he never complains. He jest
smiles his Chinaman smile an’ says, ‘Be
plenty allee light, plitty quick.’ They
doped him with water, an’ that night they
starts on again, Chink actin’ as burro an’
carryin’ most of the stuff.

  “That night an’ next day they must of
seen plenty of the hell stored up in Death
Valley. The Chink wouldn’t hardly touch
no water, fer he sees it was runnin’ low, but
he keeps dealin’ out small lots to the others.
That afternoon the boy went crazy—plumb
heat nutty—an’ broke away, an’ runs fer a
lake he thought he seen. Chink runs him
down, ’er jest naturally picks him up from
where he had dropped an’ carries him back.
‘Him be allee light plitty quick; me cally
him,’ Chink smiles an’ says to the mother.

  “An’ all that day he did carry him.
Staggerin’, stumblin’, failin’, he always
comes up with a smile an’ a hopeful word,
such as, ‘We catch um Los Langelis, allee
light.’ But the boy died that night; died
fightin’ his mother an’ the Chink an’ moan-
in’ fer water, fer by this time all their water
was gone. Chink’s yaller skin was cracked;
his lips an’ mouth was swelled, an’ he stag-
gers like a plain drunk when he tries to
walk. And still he smiles.

  “They buries the boy about four mile up
the valley; up there in the sand, jest aroun’
that butte you see stickin’ out over there.
An’ then the woman kerflumixed—went
down in a heap. She makes signs to Chink,
tell in’ as how she can’ talk no more on ac-
count of her heat-swelled throat, an’ can’t
hike no further. And Chink slings the
empty water-bag over his shoulder again,
lifts the woman an’ staggers on, an’ on.
The White Hope’s Understudy

137

God! what a livin’ hell he was endurin’l

  “He sees the salt shack there an’ tries to
holler, thinkin’ some one lives there; but
he couldn’t make no noise with his mouth
on account of his throat bein’ baked, an’
his mouth all swelled out of kilter. But he
manages to mumble, ‘We catch um housee
—catch um dlinkee plitty quick, lillee lady.’
An’ he staggers on an’ on, carryin’ the little
lady. Failin’, draggin’ her. God! How
he must of struggled for breath an’ fought
for each step!

  “The little lady tells me as how the Chink
falls with her at the door; how they both
lays there for hours, till finally she drug
herself into the shack. Nobody there; a few
rusty tins; a busted sheet-iron stove. But
the shade brung her to some, an’ she
crawls out an’ drags the Chink into the
shade. All he could do was to smile in a
kind of leerin’ way, for his face was plumb
out of shape.

  “She fans him with her hat an’ squeezes
a few drops of water, hot as fire, out of the
water-bag. That night he gingers up
enough to mumble a few words, an’ you
know how every word was like a knife-jab
to his blistered throat. In the mornin’ he
gasps to her, with his Chinaman smile:
‘Plitty quick—lillee lady—be allee light.

Go—to—hills. Shootee gun; man —catchee
noisee. You—allee—light.’

  “ ‘But you?’ asks the woman. ‘You will
die here!’

  “ ‘No kin,’ says the Chink. ‘Me—
catchee—lest—plenty—well—plitty quick.’
“An’ she left him. An’ she stumbles on
through the blisterin’ heat, an’ over the
rough blocks of rock salt, shootin’ her gun
every now an’ then. An’ then, says she,
that’s all she knows.

  “We patches her up an’ finally lands her
in Los Angeles, an’ she beat it back East,
pronto. The last words she says to me at
the depot was:

  “ ‘Some time get my boy an’ the China-
man an’ send ’em to me.’

  “I ain’t never done it yet; but some time
when I make a strike, I will,” says Old Wade.
An’ Measles stan’s up an’ blows his nose
powerful hard an’ says, pointin’ over to the
salt shack:

  “I takes off my hat to you, Mister Chink;
an’ tomorrow I’m goin’ over to where you
are planted an’ appologize fer bein’ a hea-
then myself.”

  And I made up my mind that I sure would
go with him. For whether he was a Chink
or a Mex, he was some real man, and God
don’t let so many of them loose as He might.

HIS is not a Sunday-school story.
Certainly it is not in theme,
and quite unconsciously, if at
all, in treatment. To those
ubiquitous kill-joys who, Diogenes-like, go,
lantern in hand, through the dark passages

of fiction seeking, not an honest man, but
a red-nosed, sniffling moral, I say here and
now, and, senator-like, without fear of con-
tradiction, that there is no moral.

A moral hints of superhuman wire-pulling
and miracles and things like that, but there
138

Adventure

is no miracle here but the miracle of youth,
and all the wire-pulling that was done fell
to the sunken hands of Doc Saunders, who
was far from superhuman—poor manl

DENNY’S excitement was positive
agony. It mounted him in recurring
waves, starting from his toes and
ending by leaping at his throat and choking
him. It created a horrible aching vacuum
in the pit of his stomach, and folded itself
round and round his heart like a thick
blanket. Now and then it was akin to
nausea.

  It was dark in the little rough-boarded
room beneath the stands. The one window
looked out on a forest of piling, through
which one caught a glimpse of a white street
running between low, square houses of
cream and coral and pale yellow adobe.

  Over the roofs of these houses Denny
could see the mountains shrugging their
shoulders against the blue. His mountains!
An acute longing for them went through
him like a pain. They were so peaceful and
silent and remote, and here everything was
blatant with sound and terrifying with the
overwhelming nearness of the many. Over-
head, twenty thousand feet tramped and
stamped and shuffled; ten thousand voices
mingled with hysterical effect. And always
new feet were joining them, fresh voices
adding their mite to the uproar.

  It was quiet enough in the dark little
room. There was a lull in the coming and
going of excited, clamorous men. “Skip-
per” Burns had taken his lieutenants and
his perspiration and his studs into final con-
ference with the champion’s manager, his
lieutenants and his studs. Doc Saunders
had barred the door to the curious, and only
he and Denny and the rubbers remained
with Gene Williamson, the challenger.

  The latter lay naked on a sheet-covered
board, a herculean man, as tall and thick
and rugged as an oak. His body was
strangely white. In the dim light it glowed
corpse-like. The rubbers hunched over
him, their hands making soft, patting
sounds.

  Denny did not look at Gene, but at Saun-
ders, who faced the window and the light,
which fell upon his face and revealed with
cruel distinctness the ravages of a dread
disease. His eyes were very bright, but
covered with a strange glassy film. They
were blue eyes, so dark a blue they often

seemed black, and their gaze was discon-
certingly level.

  No one endured that gaze for very long,
perhaps for fear of revealing to him their
understanding and their pity. One felt in-
stinctively that his was too proud a spirit
to bear pity.

  Where he had come from no one knew
and no one cared to ask, least of all Denny
Boone, for all that Saunders was so kind to
him. He had drifted into the training camp
one day and become a fixture, quite natur-
ally, without meeting with protest or offer-
ing explanation. It had come out somehow
or other that he was a doctor who had given
up his practise.

  Skipper Burns welcomed his medical
knowledge and his worldly knowledge as
well. He seemed to have as extensive an
acquaintance with ring history as did Skip-
per, and his ideas on diet and training were
authoritative.

  He it had been who advised retaining
Denny Boone as a sparring partner for the
challenger. The boy had ridden in from
the mines back in the mountains and tim-
idly offered his services. Skipper Burns

told him kindly but firmly to go to -.

Burns was a kiridly man, but he had been
pestered almost out of his existence by as-
piring amateurs.

  But the doctor had taken the boy by the
arm, and, staring all the while into his eyes,
had run his fingers up and down the other’s
sleeve from the wrist to the shoulder.
Denny had stiffened under his touch. There
was something potentially galvanic in those
thin fingers. And he had met the doctor’s
scrutiny without winking. His conscience
was like his blue eyes, unclouded.

  “Strip!” Saunders had commanded in
his thin, husky voice.

  Burns raised impatient yet respectful
protest.

  “Aw, Doc, whatta you ringin’ in a kid
like that for at this stage of the game?
Besides he ain’t more than a middle-
weight.”

  Again those fingers swept up and down
the boy’s arm.

  “A shade under two hundred, Skipper.”

  When they stripped Denny and put him
on the scales the beam balanced at one
hundred and ninety-eight.

  He had only been in the ring with Wil-
liamson the fraction of a moment when
Burns dashed in between them.
The White Hope’s Understudy

139

  “Say!” he accused Denny. “I thought
you said you hadn’t fought before?”

“I’ve not really fought, sir,” blushed the
boy; “just with the men around the mine.”
“G’wan! What do you take me for?
You never learned no guard like that around
a mine. Who’s been teachin’ you?”

  “Jeff Moloney, sir. He’s foreman of our
shift.”

  “Moloney? Old Jeff Moloney, the wel-
ter? Why in the blue-blazes didn’t you say
so?”

  Burns turned to the doctor in great ex-
citement.

  “Didja see how he covers up and fights
from under, Doc? It’s the nigger’s style
down to the ground. He’s just what we
want to practise this wild-hittin’ Irishman
of mine on. Go in, boy, and let him try
to hit you. Take it easy. Under, Gene,
under, I tell you! Cut out that swingin’
like a gate and come from under. You can’t
hurt the top of his head. Under!”

  The pudgy manager was all perspiration
and delight when he sent the men to the
showers. His charge was encountering just
that defense he would meet with in the
great battle.

  “The kid’s a jewel,” he crowed. “Didja
see him, Doc? He covers up like an angel,
and he’s got a kick in each paw.”

  “He has more than that, Skipper,” smiled
Saunders enigmatically. “He has the
greatest asset of all—a clean heart!”

  Burns looked depressed. The Doc was
always shooting something over that he
couldn’t wise to.

  As far as Denny was concerned Saunders
was all enigma. He felt drawn to him and
yet repelled. He respected him and he
feared him, frail and wasted as he was.
There was something uncanny in that frail
body, teetering on the grave’s edge, some-
thing awe-inspiring in those too bright eyes
that seemed to pierce through the mortal
curtains to the Great Hinterland. And yet
his presence was a tonic to the boy; his
touch, somehow, made him feel strong.

  The importance of conditioning William-
son had dwarfed all other considerations in
the camp, and Denny’s needs, scant as they
were, would have been neglected had it not
been for Saunders. He rubbed the boy
down with his own hands after the sparring
matches. He seemed to experience a holy
joy in handling that splendid young body,
but a bitterness showed through the joy

which made Denny very uncomfortable. It
was impossible to pity him.

  He was deserving of pity, the boy de-
cided, as he watched him now. His skin
was waxy-pale, and his scanty sorrel beard
could not hide the blue hollows in his cheeks.
One did not have to hear the hacking cough
issue from his flat chest to know.

  Suddenly he turned his head and met the
boy’s eyes. Denny looked down quickly,
but not quickly enough, he feared, to pre-
vent the other reading his thought.

  “Denny,” came from Saunders as sud-
denly as that glance had come, “do you
remember your mother?”

  Denny looked up, wide-eyed and startled
by this question, so irrelevant to the time
and the place.

  “No, sir,” he managed to say. “She died
when I was a baby.”

  “She was a Norwegian,” the man went
on, his eyes strangely dreamy; “a great
splendid figure of a woman, true daughter
of the North and the Vikings. Your father
was Scotch-Irish. You see I have been
looking you up! He stood six feet two in his
stocking feet. Ah, Denny, Denny, lad,
what a wonderful heritage!”

  “My father and mother were cousins,”
he went on after a pause.

  The boy stirred uncomfortably. Once
Saunders had looked at him his excitement
had been wiped out as completely as a wet
sponge wipes out the figures on a slate; but
he rather preferred that excitement, pain-
ful as it had been, to this.

  “You’re twenty years old,” the other
mused aloud. “You’ve never smoked?”

  “No, sir.”

  “Never touched liquor?”

  “No, sir.”

  “Never—but I can see that. Ah, Denny,
lad!”

  The silence that ensued was really de-
pressing. Denny stared out at his moun-
tains, and wished fervently that he were
among them, wished that he were anywhere
but here, wrapped about by the embarrass-
ing silence.

AND then that silence was snapped
as a thin cord is.

  “Doc!”

  It was Williamson.

  “Doc!”

  There was no mistaking significance in
that throaty cry. Saunders glided over like
140

Adventure

a cat and brushed the rubbers aside and
back. The order came casually enough, but
with a crisp undertone that had a disturb-
ingly electric quality:

  “Bring me the ice-bucket, Denny.”

  The boy obeyed, and the little action left
him breathless. He was vaguely aware that
the rubbers stood beside him, tense as
statues. He was tense himself, with horror.

  In spite of the dim light he saw that Wil-
liamson’s lips were blue and the rest of his
face dead-white, like the belly of a fish.
His eyes were rolled far back, so that only a
small arc of the iris showed beneath the
upper lids. Even as the boy looked, a gray
froth bubbled from one corner of the challen-
ger’s mouth.

  With movements surprisingly deliberate,
Saunders lifted -the bucket with its tinkling
contents and dashed a portion over Wil-
liamson’s face, then his hairy chest, then
his stomach. The outer wall of the latter
winced inward from the icy contact, his dia-
phragm jerked up into his chest, and he
drew in a long, sibilant breath.

  “Doc!” he moaned, exhaling.

  Denny’s tenseness melted. Every muscle
collapsed into fiaccidity, every nerve began
to tingle until he was shivering wretchedly
from head to foot. He was stark afraid.

  “A towel!” commanded Saunders.

  Neither Denny nor the rubbers stirred.
They were not able. Saunders whirled im-
patiently, flashed a look at the boy and
smiled. Under the lash of that look Denny
had hurried for the towel. The doctor
dipped it in what was left of the ice-water
and bound it about Williamson’s head, cov-
ering his eyes.

  “What’s the matter?”

  They had not heard the door open, and
the cry, shrill with premonition, made them
turn. There stood Burns, his face blotchy,
his paunch quivering, his big studs winking
and blinking malevolently in the light from
the little window. Behind him stood other
men: the governor of a neighboring state,
who was to make the presentation speeches,
the promoter of the fight, pink and perspir-
ing, Ike Richards, manager for Jake Jen-
kins, the negro champion. The door was
filled with curious faces, all strained with
the same unreasoning dismay.

  “His heart,” explained Saunders briefly.
“I was afraid of it. Overstrain. He can’t
fight.”

  “O Gawd!” moaned Burns and went limp.

  He made no move toward Williamson. It
was curious that neither he nor any of those
with him thought to question Saunders’s
decision. For a moment there was a
stunned silence and then, like a far-off wind
ever growing nearer, a whisper spread and
grew. It was stilled abruptly by a rasping
command from the doctor.

  “Don’t let any one get upstairs with this.
We mustn’t let them know—yet.”

  “What can be done? What can be done?”
palpitated the governor.

  “O Gawd!”

  “There must be a fight!” This from the
promoter, with tears in his eyes. “There
are fifteen thousand out there. And all
those Mex soldiers. There’ll be a riot.”

 “-!” cut in Richards roughly.

“There’ll be war.”

  “Find a substitute.”

  They all looked at Saunders with quick
relief.

  “Cal Motter is out there-”

  “And Dreadnought Green!”

  “Hog-fat the both of them,” groaned the
promoter. “It would be a joke.”

  “It’s a bum joke, any way you look at it,”
said Richards. “Who is around that is in
training?”

  Following the question they were silent,
staring at Saunders. Without effort on his
part he had taken command. All instinc-
tively looked to him for the answer.

  There was a little ghost of a smile on his
lips that was reassuring. Slowly he turned
and looked at Denny Boone; and all eyes
followed his. Then he looked back.

  “Let’s go outside, gentlemen, and talk
this over,” he said quietly.

  They filed slowly out with little curious
glances over their shoulders. The rubbers
went with them. They seemed eager to get
away from that white, hoarsely breathing
man on the sheet-covered board. The doc-
tor went last of all, closing the door behind
him. Denny was left alone with the broken
challenger.

  His first act was to move over into the
far corner from Gene Williamson, and slump
weakly on a bench. Reason told him that
the latter could be in no danger. The doctor
would not have left him'so callously, had he
been. Nevertheless, Denny could not con-
quer an inward shrinking. The whole
ironic situation was too truly horrible. He
could scarce believe Fate able to play such
a prank upon that huge, massive frame
The White Hope’s Understudy

141

glooming almost ghastly in the half-light.
It looked too competent, too self-sufficient,
too perfect a creation of flesh to harbor a
flaw. The thing was incredible.

  He was glad when two Red Cross assist-
ants came in and bore Williamson away.
He hoped the big fellow was unconscious.
He was such a wholesome, good-natured
fellow, and he had worked so hard and so
hopefully, for this!

  Denny sucked in his breath sharply and
hurried to the window where he could look
out at the mountains, his mountains. Why
had he ever left them? He did not like this
cruel game. He had only come because
Moloney had insisted. There was some-
thing he could teach the challenger, the old
welter had said. But of what avail was that
teaching now? Williamson was out of it.
Somebody had to take his place.

  He shivered. He remembered how Saun-
ders had turned and looked at him—how
they all had looked at him. He remem-
bered those curious backward glances.
They had looked first at him and then at
Gene Williamson. There was something
movingly significant in their fastening upon
him the priority of interest. Of a sudden
the feet and the warring voices overhead
took on a new sound, one that concerned
him intimately. His eyes clung to the
mountains in a desperate effort to absorb
from them a portion of their serenity and
strength.

  A hand fell upon his shoulder. He stiffen-
ed, as he always did when Saunders touched
him. Slowly he turned and met those
blue eyes, a blue so deep it was almost black.

  Saunders was smiling faintly. Both the
smile and his eyes conveyed a meaning
Denny strove desperately to avoid.

  “How—how is Gene?” he faltered.

  “Oh, Gene? He’ll be all right with a little
rest. But the fight must come off, Denny.
We’ve found a substitute.”

  “Who?” The boy’s lips hardly formed
the word.

  Saunders’s answer was even more inaudi-
ble. It was not even spoken. His fingers
tightened on Denny’s shoulder; and Denny
knew.

  It was a comforting touch, that Denny’s
thoughts, emotions, even muscles, which a
moment before had been asserting them-
selves independently, suddenly became cen-
tralized and obedient to his will. He could
think of but one objection.

  “But Gene’s trunks won’t fit me, sir.”
  Saunders’s face became radiant.

  “I knew it! Not a blemish! Ah, Denny,
lad!”

  Denny hadn’t the least idea what he was
talking about. He suffered himself to be
led to a chair and stripped. He became
aware then that Burns was also in the room.

  “Do your best for me, kid,” pleaded the
stout manager pathetically. “I’ve treated
you square, now, haven’t I? Don’t let ’em
show me up too bad. It’s awful, awful!
Who’d ever have thought Gene would go
back on me this way?”

  His grief was so profound one did not
dare hint the selfishness of it.

  “Three years I trained him for this,
three long years. It’s awful! It wouldn’t
be so bad if I had spent some time with you,
Denny, but I couldn’t spare a minute from
Gene. And now you’re goin’ into the big
fight and I haven’t shown you nothing.”
Saunders bristled a little.

  “He has something more than you could
ever show him, Skipper!”

  “Huh!” grunted the other jealously.
“What’s that?”

  “Have you ever heard of Galahad?”
“Naw! And I’ve heard of all the fancy.
Was he a heavy?”

  Saunders smiled and paraphrased:

      His strength was as the strength of ten,
      Because his heart was pure. . . .

  “Huh! One of them book champs,”
growled Burns.

  “And a good one, Skipper. He whipped
all comers in his time.”

  “Yeah, but that wasn’t in Jake Jenkins’s
time.” The pudgy manager coughed as he
recalled his duty. “But you ain’t afraid of
a nigger, are you, Denny? And Jake’s just
half trained.”

  “On the contrary,” frowned the doctor,
“he’s trained down fine, a perfect fighting
machine—in so far as it is possible for him
to be perfect. Skipper, would you mind
running out and seeing if they are ready for
us yet?”

  It was a flagrant dismissal, but Burns
took it with good grace. He was too
crushed to care or feel. Saunders closed
the door after him and returned and sat
down by Denny, who was dressed now for
the ring.

  “Lad,” he said—and there was a singing
undertone of tenderness in his voice—
142

Adventure

“you’ve never done a bad deed, you’ve
never had a mean thought. Your body
proves it, your eyes show it, and for that
reason you are the only man today fitted to
whip Jake Jenkins.

  “Let me tell you something: Whenever
a inan does wrong or thinks wrong a little
hollow place opens up inside him. The
more he does and thinks wrong the more
that place widens and widens.”

  He struck the boy a sudden sharp blow.
“You’re solid, Dennis Boone. Do you
understand?”

  “I’m afraid not, sir.”

  That radiance flashed into Saunders’s
gaunt face again.

  “Good for you, Denny, lad. If you had
understood, there would be a little hollow
place opening in you now. Here is some-
thing you can understand:

  “You and Jenkins fight alike. It is curi-
ous how much alike it is. But I suppose it
comes from Moloney. He handled Jenkins
when the black was first breaking in. Both
of you cover up alike. Your head-guard
is well-nigh perfect. The result is that this
fight is going to be a body fight. You un-
derstand? Give him your body, Denny, as
long as you can get to his. Trade with him,
and you’ll come out ahead. He may hit
harder, but he’ll have something harder to
hit, for—and remember nothing but this
from now on—Jenkins is hollowI Say it
over and over to yourself, Denny, lad:
‘Jenkins is hollow!’ For he is hollow, and
you’ve got to cave him in!”

  His pause was more emphatic than his
words even.

  “I don’t have to tell you to keep your
chin out of his way. And—say it, Denny!
Jenkins is hollow!”

  “Jenkins is hollow!” echoed the boy obe-
diently. “And I’ve got to cave him in!”
Saunders dropped a thin hand upon his
forearm and squeezed.

  “All ready,” sang out Skipper Burns, as
he entered with a cloud of assistants at his
heels.

  In a moment Denny was surrounded,
meeting awe and wonder and respect in eyes
that had hardly heeded him hitherto.
“You’re not nervous, kid?”

  “Stuff!” barked Saunders.

  He threw a bathrobe over Denny’s shoul-
ders, and linking arms, led him off.

  Denny was not nervous. He wondered
vaguely why he was not, and then decided

that it was Saunders’s arm pressing against
his that rendered him so very cool. It was
not the pressure so much as what that pres-
sure conveyed; what he read in those al-
most black eyes. He knew he would not be
afraid, having those eyes upon him. Jen-
kins was hollow, was hollow! And he had
to cave him in—for Saunders’s sake!

  “We want you on hand to stop the trouble
if there is any, lad,” said Saunders, as they
moved down an aisle under the stands.
“We’re going to push you right out there in
the middle, where they can all see you.
And if anybody is disappointed after seeing
you with nothing on but trunks and shoes,
why—why, I’ll give them their money back
out of my own pocket.”

[$v THEY climbed up a short flight of
i* stairs and emerged through a narrow
opening into the blazing sunlight.
Everything was so acutely clear it pained
the eyes. Denny had visited the stands
that morning when they were empty, and
had some difficulty in persuading himself
that this was the same place.

  They had come from under the ring which
was elevated some few feet above the main
floor. It stood in the center of a considera-
ble level space given over to the ring-side
seats. Behind and above these were the
railed-in boxes, and behind and above the
boxes, again, were other seats, rising tier
on tier.

  It seemed to Denny that he was walled
in by nothing but faces and eyes; but he did
not shrink. Saunders’s arm was still locked
with his.

  The governor of the neighboring state was
speaking, but with little effect. Those in
the higher seats could not hear, and were
making the fact known so loudly that they
were almost imposing the same conditions
on all. Only those in the ring-side can be
said to have heard that Gene Williamson
could not fight, and that his place would
be taken by-

  A perfect yell of anger and protest
drowned the governor out, over which the
metallic chatter of the released telegraph-
instruments rose supreme.

  “Now, lad,” hissed Saunders.

  He flicked the robe from Denny’s shoul-
ders and shoved him through the ropes,
where the governor took his hand and led
him to the center of the ring.

  He had a proud, regal carriage, this

■ML
The White Hope’s Understudy

143

mine boy, Dennis Boone. He bad a proud
lift to his blond head, and a serenity of
countenance that was a beautiful thing to
see. Very straight he stood in his line
young strength, with the sunlight sparkling
on his naked torso, and his unwavering eyes
meeting the eyes of the multitude. Some-
thing of a Viking he looked, and something
of a young pagan god.

   The yells from the ring-side subsided into
a sullen mutter, and then into a shamed
silence. Then, like the first gentle drops of
a Summer rain, came a light clapping of
hands—a woman’s hands surely! Other
hands assisted. The shower became an
approving downpour. The gallery cheered
blithely, ignorant for the most part that this
was not the advertised challenger. A group
of native soldiery on one of the topmost
rows, overcome by enthusiasm, or perhaps
mescal, capped the climax with a fusillade of
revolver shots directed skyward. Feminine
shrieks were drowned in a wave of mascu-
line laughter. Handkerchiefs and broad-
brimmed sombreros were flaunted; good-
humor reigned again.

  Little Doc Saunders, in his seat in Den-
ny’s corner, smiled and rubbed his hands.

  The demonstration had scarcely begun to
abate when it spurted into new and greater
activity. It mounted wave on wave to the
point of hysteria. The champion had ar-
rived!

  All one gold-toothed smile, Jenkins, at-
tired in a vivid green dressing-gown, leaped
nimbly through the ropes, and stood grinning
and bowing to the applause like a plant in a
gale. The management, with much wisdom,
had decided to dispense with the usual ora-
tory and introductions, and to stage the
fight before any malcontents could incite a
disturbance. So long as they could feast on
battle the crowd would be content. What
furrowed deep valleys in the promoter’s
pink brow was: Would that feast continue
long enough to whet the appetite of the
blood-lustful?

  “How long do you think the kid will
last?” he screeched to be heard above the
uproar; but he only got a mournful shake of
the head from Burns, and from Saunders an
enigmatic smile.

  Jenkins had ceased bowing, although the
storm of sound was scarcely diminished. He
flung aside his dressing-gown and began to
Umber up his muscles, stretching, dancing
daintily on his toes, shadow-boxing, all with

the same pleased self-consciousness that
animates the strutting peacock.

  Denny, from his corner where the seconds
were kneading his limbs and binding his
hands with tape, watched the big black.
He did not look at the tremendous body or
the knotted muscles flowing up and down
beneath the coppery skin; he looked at
Jenkins’s face.

  The negro was all smiles, good-nature,
but behind the smile the boy sensed some-
thing that roused a slowly mounting ani-
mosity. It was not anger, rather a cold
scorn. In Jenkins’s thick lips, in his low
forehead, the slanting skull, the wide, brutal
nostrils, was revealed a capacity for evil,
and more, a familiarity with evil, and more
yet, a compliance toward evil that jarred
on the virgin instincts of Denny Boone.
The very sight of Jenkins made him bristle
as a dog will bristle when it comes upon
a brute scent.

  “He’s hollow—hollow!” ran his thought,
grimly, joyfully. “I must cave him in!”

  He felt no shadow of repugnance against
punishing this, his fellow ;creature. He
hated him. He did not hate him because
his skin was black, but because that was
the color of Jenkins’s soul.

   The world-famous referee entered the ring
and beckoned the two fighters to him.
Briefly he introduced them, and gave his in-
structions.

  “Howdy,” grinned Jenkins, thrusting
out a big black paw. “Howdy, li’l massa. I
hopes you ain’t goin’ to hold it agin ol’
Jake if he hu’ts you a bit. He’ll try an’
not hu’t you much. But he’s tellin’ you
now dat he cain’t stay aroun’ hyar very
long. He’s got er engagement. I’se got
some money to deposit,” he leered.

  Denny said nothing. He had been
warned that Jenkins was a great kidder and
would try to rouse him to anger; but the
black’s chaffing did not worry him; nothing
about Jenkins worried Denny. He knew
that he was hollow. He could tell it from
his face.

   The boy’s silence excited the champion to
flannel-throated laughter.

   “Look at li’l massa,” he jerked back over
his shoulder to his seconds. “Jes’ look at
li’l massa, will you? He’s too proud to talk
wid a nigger. Why, he’s got his back up
wid ol’ Jake.”

  Denny said nothing.

  The two went back to their corners and
144

Adventure

were fitted into their gloves. Behind him
Denny could hear Burns and his friends
holding a mourners’ session. The Skipper
was frankly near tears. Before him, about
him, below and above, rising tier on tier, the
boy could see nothing but faces and eyes,
eyes and faces. From the seats nearest, es-
pecially from the newspaper section, he met
many glances, some of interest, and some of
amusement, but the far greater number of

pity-.

  His lips just moved in a smile. They
didn’t know that Jenkins was hollow.

  “Denny, lad,” whispered Saunders, lean-
ing through the ropes. “Remember!”

  “Yes, sir,” said Denny.

  A gong rang. Silence fell.

  “Ready, li’ massa,” Jenkins sang out.'

THEY met in the center of the ring
and touched hands perfunctorily.
Simultaneously they fell into a
crouch, the hands held high and parallel
with the chin, the elbows well in over the
stomach. With the same slow, rocking
movement of the shoulders they circled eye
to eye.

  A titter frothed from the audience and
swelled into a laugh. The fighters, except
for their skins, were so alike in pose it was
truly ridiculous. The angle of their bodies,
the slow, cat-like tread of their feet, the
hunched shoulders, the lifted hands paral-
lel with the chin—they were alike in all
those things.

  Jenkins’s smile tightened a little as he
heard that laugh. His lips lifted until his
gums were revealed. It was no longer a
smile, but a snarl.

  He was smiling again immediately, but
in those lifted lips Denny had seen the brute,
and antipathy sang through him like a
clarion call. He stepped in, feinted with his
left at that grinning black face, and drove
his right in wickedly just below the arch of
the other’s breastbone.

  The blow landed cleanly, resoundingly.
The crowd acclaimed.

  Again Jenkins’s gums showed as he leaped
upon the boy like a lithe black panther. He
struck as swiftly as a released steel spring,
short, jerking blows to the head.

  But Denny’s hands were there. Glove
met only glove. Rocking, swaying, he
slipped inside the blows until his chin was
against the negro’s shoulder. Almost lean-
ing against each other they stood and ex-

changed rights and lefts to the body.
Roughly the champion thrust Denny away.
His incredibly swift upper-cut just flicked
the boy’s brow.

  “Why, li’l massa,” he cried reproachfully,
as he dropped his hands and straightened
up. “Is you tryin’ to steal ol’ Jake’s bus’-
ness? I didn’t think you’d be er copy-cat.
If you insists on fightin’ dataway, why I’ll
fight disaway.”

  He leaned backward, arms extended in
burlesque mimicry of Fitzsimmons’s famous
pose. Denny said nothing. Shoulders
hunched, he rocked in slowly.

  “Jake!” called Ike Richards warningly.

  The negro gave his mellow, throaty laugh
and relaxed into a crouch.

  “Come on, den, li’l massa. 01’ Jake will
tickle ribs wid you.”

  Denny came on. He slid past a pair of
wicked drives at his face until his chin rested
against Jenkins’s shoulders. The gloves
drummed against white body and black.

  “Keep away from him! Oh, keep away
from him!” wailed Skipper Burns.

  But Denny would not keep away. Again
and again, before the bell rang, he slid in
under those head blows to offer his body in
exchange for Jake Jenkins’s. Again and
again the black thrust him away, and his
vicious upper-cut just grazed the boy’s
brow.

  Denny was much embarrassed by the at-
tentions of his helpers during the rest. Such
solicitude was entirely new to him. Besides
it was unnecessary. His daily work with
Williamson had been just as exacting as this.

  Skipper Burns squatted before him and
took the boy’s legs upon his thighs and
kneaded them frantically, as if the whole
issue depended upon it.

  “Don’t step into him!” he implored.
“For Gawd’s sake, keep away, Denny.
He’ll reach your chin yet—and when he
does—Don’t step into him! We’ve got to
give the crowd a run for their money.”

  The boy looked down at him with a faint
smile. He wondered why the Skipper’s fat
cheeks should shake so and his voice sound
so thin and dry. Didn’t he know that
Jake Jenkins was hollow? Or was that just
his own and Saunders’s secret?

  The bell rang. Silence fell.

  “Here I is, li’l massa.”

  Shoulders hunched, the boy rocked in.

  The second round was like the first, the
third like the precedingjtwo.
The White Hope’s Understudy

145

  For Denny the negro had no head. For
him there was only that black barrel, which
was hollow. And the boy might as well
have had no head also, for all it availed
Jake Jenkins. Always his steel-spring blows
met those lifted hands, always that parting
upper-cut just grazed Denny’s brow, or
flicked the little lock of blond hair that fell
over it.

  Jenkins was meeting with his very own
defense, executed as perfectly as he himself
had ever executed it. They met and
drummed against each other’s ribs, parted
and met again.

  Three rounds, and neither man visibly
marked. But there had been plenty of
action, and the crowd exhaled a vast sigh
of content.

  Jenkins continued to smile, to joke. He
joked with the referee, with the men in his
corner, with friends at the ring-side, with
Denny. The latter answered never a word.
He rocked in, pressed his chin against that
black shoulder, drove his fists into that
black body, always just below the arch of
the breastbone!

  “Jes’ look at li’l massa hittin’ ol’ Jake!
Why, son, you ought-a be arrested for pickin’
on er ol’ man lak Jake. What you tryin’
to do—cave him in?”

  And then Denny spoke his only word dur-
ing the entire fight.

  “Yes,” he said.

  The negro’s gums just showed for a mo-
ment.

  “Three rounds! That ain’t so bad,”
grumbled Burns, as he pummeled Denny’s
legs. “And you feel all right, don’t you,
kid? You’ll last, won’t you?” he implored
tearfully. “And don’t let him get to your
chin! He’s been cornin’ so close it makes my
heart stop dead.”

  Denny wondered. Why shouldn’t he
feel all right? Body blows—what were
they? They only made his skin feel warm.
And all this talk about his chin! He wasn’t
aware that Jenkins had been driving at it
continually. He couldn’t remember having
tried to guard it.

  Nor had he consciously tried to protect
his chin any more than he had consciously
avoided those blows to his face as he rocked
in under Jenkins’s guard. All his defense
had been subconscious, without effort of
will on his part, the result, probably, of
some supersensitive instinct. All his will
and his brain were focused upon one pur-

10

pose—to reach Jenkins’s hollow body and
cave it in.

  He was as little aware of the real animus
directing this purpose as he was with the
details of his defense. He knew he hated
Jenkins with a cold, consuming hatred, but
he hardly knew why, unless it was because
he had seen hatred of the black in Saunders’s
dark blue eyes. That, too, was instinctive,
the instinctive hatred of the clean for the
sullied, of the humanized for the brute.

  Now and then, looking over the negro’s
glistening shoulder, his eyes met Saunders’s
eyes. That look ever gave him a fresh im-
petus.

  He thought he wanted to cave Jenkins in
because Saunders had told him to; he did
not dream the reason was a far loftier one
than the desire of one man. How could an
ignorant mine boy be expected to know that
he was impregnated with the same vicious
zeal that animated the Puritan and the
Jesuit?

  The fourth round was like the third—the
second, the first—the same but more of it.
Jenkins, ever laughing, ever joking, showed
a certain reluctance about closing in, and
that reluctance only fired Denny to greater
insistence. He would not be denied. The
black could not avoid him, he could not beat
him off. Rocking, gliding, he slipped in
under a fruitless volley to the head.

  Jenkins had no choice but fight according
to the other’s choosing. He had to fight
back or go into a clinch; and his childish
conceit would not allow of that. What
would be said if he, the champion, were seen
to be holding on because of Dennis Boone,
a mere tyro? There were fifteen thousand
people out there, some of whom had seen
him batter down the best, all of whom had
heard of it. There were newspaper men—
friends and satellites!—his wife!

  He did not clinch. When he could no
longer keep the boy off, he met him shoulder
to shoulder, trading body for body. Jake
Jenkins was no coward; only he was hol-
low.

  His laugh rang out as mellowly, his jokes
flew as fast.

  “Li’l massa, seems to me you is sittin’ up
mighty late. Ain’t it about yo’ bedtime,
li’l massa? I reckon ol’ Jake had better
rock dis baby to sleep purty soon.”

  Denny said nothing. He rocked, he glid-
ed in, he drove at that arch below the breast-
bone. There was something inevitable
146

Adventure

about it. Now when his blows landed he
could hear little short pants issue from the
negro’s mouth, close by his ear. Now he
discovered that that black body was elastic,
began to give a little under his blows.

  “Four rounds,” croaked Burns, with a
falsetto laugh. “If I do say so, Denny,

you’re doin’-fine. There ain’t many that

could trade with Jake and last four rounds.
How you save your chin I dunno.”

  They were drenching Denny with water,
fanning him with towels, spluttering advice
in his ear.

  Suddenly he turned his head. He was
not surprised to find Saunders’s eyes waiting
for his. Very slowly he nodded, and Denny
nodded back. That one glance seemed to
convey perfect understanding.

  The gong rang. The crowd grew hushed.
The fighters advanced, rocking, crouching.

  “Gettin’ close to by-by time, li’l massa.
Come to yo’ ol’ Jake’s arms.”

  Denny came swiftly. He slid past Jen-
kins’s blows, and refused to be ousted. His
arms worked as regularly as a machine,
Jenkins’s arms likewise.

  And then, without warning, the black’s
body was pressed against his, the black’s
arms circled and pressed down his arms.
The champion had clinched at last!

  Denny strained backward, but still Jen-
kins clung to him. Their cheeks scraped
moistly, and then the eye of one was looking
into the eye of the other, close, very close,
unclouded blue eye looking into mottled
brown. And the brown fell.

  The champion thrust Denny away and
sprang back. His crouch became accentu-
ated, his arms folded across his stomach.

  “I’se quit funnin’ wid you! You hear?”

  Denny said nothing. He rocked forward.
Like an animal Jenkins sprang and struck
and struck again. But glove met only
glove. Denny slipped through the blows as
water slips through one’s fingers. His chin
rested on the black shoulder, his hands al-
ternated upon that one spot just below the
breastbone.

  Jenkins thrust him away, crouched,
sprang and struck. Inside crept Denny,
jabbing, jabbing.

  Again the negro thrust him away, but this
time he did not spring. He crouched, waiting.

  “Watch him!” wailed Skipper Burns.
“Keep away from him!”

  But Denny would not keep away. The
grin was frozen to Jenkins’s face. He looked
as he had looked at the start. Only Denny
knew, for he had felt that black body giving
more and more, and the pants issuing close
to his ear had been like low, hurt cries. He
glided in and struck.

  Suddenly, as before, the black’s body was
pressed against his, Jenkins’s arms circled
his arms. But they did not cling. They
began to slide down.

  They slid to Denny’s elbows, to his wrists.
It was very still. The negro’s wailing cry
slit through the silence like a knife-blade
through paper.

 “O—Lawdy!”

  His arms slipped to Denny’s thighs and
clung a moment. Now they were around
the boy’s knees.

  Before him Denny saw an arm, an arm
in a pink-striped shirt-sleeve, outstretched.
He looked down. Jenkins lay across his
feet. When he looked up again, the arm in
the pink-striped shirt-sleeve was rising and
falling.

  The touch of the negro’s moist flesh
against his shins was disagreeable, and the
boy stepped back. Jenkins rolled over
limply and turned a face hideously drawn
with pain up to the sunlight. He had been
caved in.

  Denny looked up with the ghost of a
smile to find the world-famous referee star-
ing at him with what almost amounted to
horror.

  “I knew I would do it,” he said simply.

  “Huh!” croaked the referee. “You knew
it? Kid, do you realize you’ve knocked
out Jake Jenkins—in five rounds?”

  “Sure; he was hollow.”

  “And that you’re—champion of the
world?”

  “Huh?” said Denny in his turn.

  He looked about him dazedly. Champion!
He became aware of all those faces and
all those eyes, of a terrifying volume of
sound. He had to brace his feet wide
apart; he had to grasp at that arm in
the pink-striped shirt-sleeve to keep from
falling.

  Champion of the world! The thought
had never entered his head.

  And just because the thought had never
entered his head is the big reason why-

  But we will leave that to the moralists.
Author of “The Snow Burner’’ “The Man Trail’’, etc.

    SYNOPSIS—Havens Falls is one of the last lumber settlements on the St. Croix River, Wisconsin. In
it, one faction, led by Devil Dave Taggart, lumber king, is working to keep the town lawless so that decent
people, who might investigate his timber operations, will not live there.

    Richard Hale, Dr. Sanders, and Rose Ilavetis lead the respectable element. But they are losing out,
when into the settlement flies Gaston Olaf Francois Thorson, a fighting young giant, of French-Norse de-
scent, with his partner, Tom Pine. Gaston saves Miss Havens from the insults of “Red-Skirl” Murphy,
leader and driver of Taggart’s lumbermen, who are derelicts from every camp in the North, working under
Devil Dave’s wing, since he will protect them from the law. Gaston whips Murphy in a saloon, which forces
Rose Havens to believe him a common brawler. Gaston is bewildered and angry at this.

    Gaston hires out to Taggart as boss in Murphy's place. He finds the timber tract about to be cut sus-
piciously well guarded by Taggart's men; also that back in the woods Devil Dave has a fine house, where
live two women who carouse with him, and who, he tells Gaskin Olaf, are his sister and niece.

    Gaston decides Taggart’s is no white man’s outfit. He and Tom Pine leave it. On their way to Havens
Falls they come upon Hale, who, while trying to approach Taggart’s timber territory, has been shot in the
leg. They rush him to the settlement. There Gaston learns that Devil Dave is really stealing timber owned
by Rose Havens. And he has been aiding in the theft! Gaston goes over to the side of Miss Havens.

    When Taggart sends the stolen logsdown-stream that Spring, Gaston captures them all for Rose Havens,
after a desperate fight. Whereupon Taggart claims he innocently cut her lumber and pays her $25,000 cash
for the mistake. He then accuses Gaston of shooting his henchman Murphy and orders him to leave the
country.

    Gaston leaves, but returns secretly to Havens Falls in time to prevent Murphy, supposedly wounded,
from stealing back the $25,000 from Miss Havens, at the instigation of Taggart. Murphy, however, escapes,
and Taggart vanishes. A capitalist, Lonergan, arrives at the Falls. He plans to build a railroad through
the St. Croix country and open the land for settlers. But first Taggart’s gang must be cleaned out. Gaston
is made Town Marshal. He plans to throttle lawlessness at its source; so, with Tom Pine, he strikes back
into the woods after Taggarl who has taken refuge in his forest house.

CHAPTER XXVII	“The old devil isn’t taking any chances

tacgart’s oh a no f	even out here in the woods ” whispered

       TAGGART s CHANCE	Gaston. “Come on!”

        •HEN darkness had fallen suffi- As they moved into the clearing, an owl
          ciently to hide their movements, hooted: “Hoo, hoo, hoo!” from beside the
          they slipped down to the edge house.

of the clearing. The lamps in Gaston and Tom crept forward, pushing
the house were lighted, but the curtains their rifles before them, until they were

were down.	within striking distance of the open door.

147

OastotL OIojP

i AThi'ee	Story

WF.f u * Coticliision_»

«LjL L	Oyatt.
148

Adventure

Then at a signal they leaped forward. They
were in the doorway, their rifle-muzzles
covering the interior; the house was theirs.
“And you wish—gentlemen?”

  The dark woman whom Gaston had seen
at his previous visit to the house rose from
a table; the little blonde looked up, laugh-
ing.

  “Have some beer?” she tittered, holding
forth a glass. “Or some trout? You’re just
in time for supper.”

  Gaston looked at the table. It was set
for three.

  “Where’s the old man?” He pointed with
the rifle-barrel at the third plate.

  “Mina,” called the dark woman.

  From the kitchen a greasy squaw came
forth, and at a signal sat down in the third
chair.

  “No, you don’t,” cried Gaston. “There’s
a bottle of champagne there; you aren’t giv-
ing champagne to squaws.”

  “Serve the wine, Mina,” said the dark
woman.

  The squaw obediently drew the cork and
poured a glass for each of the women.

  “And the third glass—how about that?”
  “That’s a mistake.”

  “It is; it gives you away. Tom, you take
a look around. I’ll watch here.”

  At the word Tom eagerly stormed
through the house. Gaston could mark his
progress as he kicked his way from room to
room, and searched for hiding-places. In
a few minutes he came running back, carry-
ing in his hand Taggart’s wide-brimmed
hat.

  “By the open back window, Gaston Olaf!”
he cried. “He was here, but he’s gone.
This was knocked off his head getting
away.”

  “Hoo-hoo!” hooted the owl outside, now
farther away. “Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!”

  Gaston and Tom looked at each other in
disgust.

  “That darn Injun!” growled Tom. “And
men like me ’n’ you couldn’t tell the differ-
ence! And we didn’t have sense enough to
look for a trail leading out behind.”

  “Some wine?” smiled the dark woman,
holding forth a glass.

  “Or beer?” laughed the blonde. “You
ought to get something out of your trip.”
Gaston bowed low, cap in hand, in his
very best manner.

  “I beg your pardon, ladies. It was a bad
mistake on our part. We should have

watched both sides of the house. You may
tell Mr. Taggart that he was too smart for
us.”

  “Sit down,” said the dark woman, smiling
her best. “There’s no use chasing him; he’s
got away by now. Won’t you have some
wine?”

  “With the little knockout-drops in? No,
thanks. You’ve already gained a few min-
utes for Taggart, though. So we must bid
you good-by.”

  The little blonde made one bid to hold
them longer.

  “Geel Big man. I believe I could leave
Taggart for you.”

  “Good-night. I’m sorry-”

  He saw that the girl was laughing at
something and glanced toward the open
window.

  Taggart, standing outside, was leaning
over the sill, carefully covering Gaston and
Tom with a double - barreled shot - gun.
There was no need for speech. Gaston and
Tom were too experienced to take chances
with such wicked, business - like eyes as
gleamed at them over the barrels. It was
life or death, the decision to be made in a
split second, and they froze stiff, their rifles
hanging harmlessly under their arms.

  “That’s right.” Taggart’s fangs showed
as he smiled. He had been drinking. “A
move and—well, we won’t speak of what
would have happened. The—the tables
are slightly turned, aren’t they, Thorson?
You’re not the big man just at present. No,
just now you look like an ordinary whipped
dog. And, like every dog who gets in my
way, you’ve had your day.”

  Gaston’s eyes looked down the gun-bar-
rel into the eyes of Taggart. There in the
terrible, silent conflict of wills the issue was
decided.

  “Ah, Taggart! You’ve had your last
chance to get me out of your way.” Gas-
ton’s voice rang with the fiber of triumph.
“Pull that trigger. Touch her off. Blow
my head off. That’s your only chance.
And that’s gone now. It was gone the sec-
ond after you got the drop. You could
have done it then, while our backs were to
you. You can’t do it now. Your chance is
gone—see? You can’t look me in the eye
and do it. It isn’t in you, Taggart. You’re
trying, but it won’t work. You’re done for.
Your chance is gone. I’ll drive you out of
the country now. Look at his gun wobbling.
Look! Look!”
Gaston Olaf

149

  Like a flash he threw himself backward,
knocking Tom Pine under him. His long
legs flew out, kicking the table smack into
the window where Taggart stood.

  The shotgun roared ineffectually. The
big kerosene lamp on the table exploded,
flirting liquid flame about the room.

  There was a hell’s medley of flame and
screams, of cursing and scrambling, as the
women blindly threw themselves about to
escape the flames. Tom and Gaston thrust
the women to safety through the open door,
and running into the next room made their
escape through a rear window.

  “Into the brush!” commanded Gaston.
“The Indian’s around somewhere. He’ll
have a shotgun,too.”

  From a hiding-placc in the brush they
looked back at the clearing. The cottage
was spouting flame at every window. The
clearing was brilliantly illuminated, but the
light revealed no trace of Taggart or the
women. Apparently they had fled the mo-
ment that it was certain that the cottage
was doomed, not wishing to be found by
any one whom the flames might draw from
the woods.

  The same thought was in Gaston’s mind,
and, when it became apparent that the dan-
ger from Taggart’s shotgun was passed, he
caught Tom by the arm and led the way
into the timber.

  On a ridge a mile away they dropped on
the ground and lay looking back. Up in
the dark sky hung a red-tinted pall, the re-
flection of the burning building. In that
waste of dead, black forest the scene was
appalling, an angry splotch of passion in a
sea of peace.

  Higher and fiercer rose the flames, licking
eagerly at the rich furnishings of the den,
and redder and larger grew the glow in the
sky. The fire rose rapidly to its climax,
spouted high as the roof fell in, then gradu-
ally began to subside, while minute by min-
ute the nightly gloom of the forest crept
slowly back to its own.

  “Good enough,” said Gaston at last.
“That’s a good sign. Taggart’s been burnt
out of one of his dirty nests. May the good
work go on!”

  Tom Pine was rubbing his brow in per-
plexity.

  “What happened?” he demanded. “What
for did you go to rile him up so sud-
den, Gaston Olaf? We might ’a’ got hurt.”

  “It was our only chance. We had to rat-

tle him. He got mad; I saw by his eyes that
he’d loosened his trigger grip. Then I drop-
ped and kicked the table. I had the thing
worked out fine.”

  “Pretty fine,” agreed Tom dubiously.
“That’s the closest I ever heard buck-shot
whistle past this old head. If it had been

any finer-”

  “I wouldn’t have made a move,” Gaston
laughed. “We certainly didn’t come away
from there with any credit, Tom. Walked
into it with our eyes wide open and blind.”
“Ye-es. It wasn’t so bad, though; we
were able to walk out again. We didn’t take
anything away, but we didn’t leave any-
thing, either. Now, what next?”

  “We’ll keep on walking. The chances
are Taggart’ll have his sheriff and posse out
here looking for us as soon as he can send
’em word. They’ll search this neck of the
woods pretty close, and there’ll be too many
of ’em for us; so we’ll travel. Come on!”
He set out, picking his way dexterously
through the dark woods, at a good pace,
and Tom followed obediently. The course
lay straight westward for two miles, to the
bank of a small creek running north and
south.

  “Here’s where we lose ’em when they
come to follow us,” said Gaston and plunged
into the water.

  Tom followed. They went down-stream
a short distance and came out upon a sand-
bar, leaving their tracks large and plain,
pointing westward.

  After losing their trail in a swamp they
reentered the creek and waded up-stream for
half a mile to where a tangled windfall per-
mitted them to quit the stream, on the
eastern side, without touching the ground
and making tracks. Their course now lay
eastward and slightly to the north.

  They traveled steadily for most of the
night. Shortly before daybreak they
searched for and found a small, well-built
shanty in the midst of a good growth of
timber. Tom Pine laughed as they entered
and, by feeling, found matches where they
had left them the day they started for Ha-
vens Falls.

  “Home again!” he cried.

  “Yes,” said Gaston. “We’ll lay low on
our claims here for a couple of days. We’ll
hit back to town to be there Saturday night.”
“Saturday night? Why then?”

  “Because then I figure the pot’ll be about
due to boil over.”
150

Adventure

CHAPTER XXVin

SATURDAY NIGHT

IT WAS drive-time on the La Croix; it
was pay-day for the camps; and it
was Saturday night in Havens Falls.

  For such nights existed the river-fronts of
river towns in the bad old days; on such
nights was made the lurid history that is
remembered even now, when river towns,
as they were, have ceased to exist. Mad,
glorious nights after sober days of bone-
testing toil.

  No one who has seen a river town on such
a night will ever forget it, even though the
recollection is accompanied by a shudder.
Then the men came in off the drive, wet
with the water which had snatched at their
lives during the day, mad with the hunger
for a night’s excitement before going back
to their toil. Then from out of the woods
came the camp-men in bodily condition like
unto a prize-fighter in training, mentally
akin to bucks in rutting time, prowling
about for a chance to fight. There assem-
bled on such occasions dozens of the most
daring, reckless, muscular men who ever in-
habited this continent. In their pockets
they carried money running often into the
hundreds.

  To the right and left the red lights blink-
ed, and music tinkled, advertising the things
that the river-front had to give in exchange
for money. Supply follows the demand.
Whisky and women; lights and music; gam-
bling and association with their kind; noise
and strife—these were the things that the
excitement-hungry woodsmen craved, and
these were the things that the river-front
brazenly announced itself ready to supply.

  In a mud-chinked log building, with trees
swaying at its back door, one found a gleam-
ing, polished dancefloor, where, by stand-
ing in line, and for a price, one might dance
with a tiny blonde, with the features of a
Madonna and the eyes of a snake. In the
curtained boxes lumber-jacks had the privi-
lege of ordering the same brands of cham-
pagne that wine - agents advertise along
Broadway.

  Old lumber-jacks, mackinawed and shoe-
packed, beards reeking with tobacco-juice,
but pockets filled with money, staggered
about the floor, holding in their arms girls
young enough to be their daughters. Young
jacks, slim, clean-eyed boys, spent their

money on painted things old enough to be
their mothers.

  Next door one could gamble at anything
from chuck-luck to roulette. Any lumber-
jack who by accident won a few dollars, cal-
culated to hold his winnings by the strength
of his good right arm.

  But these devices of pleasure were but
supplements to whisky. It was the bars
over which liquor was served that drew the
men and furnished reasons for the other
things; and it was in the bare saloons that
the greatest crowds were to be found and
the most violent actions indulged in.

  On this Saturday night, while Gaston and
Tom Pine were wending their way to town,
there were probably a hundred and fifty
men from the woods in Havens Falls. Jack
McCarthy’s saloon, being the largest in the
settlement, drew the largest part of this
number.

  McCarthy was experienced in such occa-
sions, and he knew that serious rows were
no source of profit to his till. Hence, early
in the evening, he seated himself on a stool
just inside the door. Twenty-five per cent,
of the lumber-jacks came into town bearing
rifles. As such a one entered McCarthy’s
place the proprietor crooked a finger and
pointed at a corner behind the bar. The
lumber-jack promptly placed his weapon
with the others deposited there. There
were twoscore rifles behind McCarthy’s
bar that night before the fun had fairly be-
gun.

  Gaston and Tom entered the settlement
shortly after dark and at once made their
way unobserved into Dr. Sanders’s back
room. The doctor greeted them with great
surprise and greater relief.

  “Boys—boys! I’d almost lost hope of
seeing you again.”

  “Why so?”

  “For good and sufficient reasons. First,
because of the way you disappeared with-
out leaving any word. That worried me,
but I figured you might have done that for
a reason. But when the sheriff and his
gang went hunting you-”

  “Oh! They did hunt for us, then?”

  “Hunt for you? Boys, they certainly did.
They made a sudden raid on the hotel, sur-
rounded it and forced their way in. You
were gone. As near as I could figure it
you’d been gone about twenty minutes when
the raid came. Then they searched the
town. They-”
Gaston Olaf

  “Did they go up there?” Gaston nodded
in the direction of the Havens home.

  “They did. Miss Rose invited the sheriff
to go through and see that you weren’t
hiding there. She told him you wouldn’t
hide from a man like him. Yes, they went
through the whole town.

  “Then that night they got word and went
into the bush after you. I heard that they’d
heard where you were. Then they came
back and said they’d run you out of the
country, and boys, I was—hm, hm—I was
afraid they’d caught you and put you out
of business. And, say, somebody else was
worrying, too, and I think you ought to
show yourself up there as soon as you can.”
“All right. And what’s happened since
then?”

“Oh, the sheriff and most of his gang
have gone back to La Croix. But the crowd
that’s in town tonight—hm, hm—there’ll
be Billy the Devil to pay before morning.”
“What’s up?”

  “Well, the crew that you took the drive
away frofh has been trying to clean out the
town. The rest of the men have been giv-
ing them the laugh. There are a lot of men
in town who haven’t any use for Taggart,
although they’ve been in his camps.
There’s the crew from Camp One, forty men
or more, just paid off. They’ve heard about
what you did to that drive, and Taggart
can’t show himself without getting the
merry ha-ha! There have been half a dozen
small riots already. Taggart’s bullies have
been trying to choke off the fellows who
dare to talk about how you took the drive.”
“Have they been able to do it?” asked
Gaston with great interest.

  “Not much! There are too many of the
other fellows. But the bullies have turned
to this end of town. Red-Shirt Murphy
knocked a kid down and robbed him across
the street there just a few minutes ago.”
“Red Shirt, eh? And Taggart—what’s
he up to?”

  “Hm, hm. He’s keeping himself hidden.
But—whisper—the old man’s been drink-
ing his head off these last two days, and he’s
egging his bullies on.”

  “Fine!” laughed Gaston.

  “What?”

  “Fine! Then the chances are that old
Davy will try to do something tonight to
still the laughter and make people remem-
ber that he’s still the boss man along the
La Croix.”

   “That’s just how we figure it.”

  “And Red-Shirt Murphy has committed
a crime. Were there any witnesses?”

  “Half a dozen.”

  “Fine again. I’m marshal of Havens
Falls; it’s my duty to arrest any one who
commits a crime. Murphy will be the first
victim of law and order in Havens Falls.”

  “Man, dear! On a night like this-”

  “Just the time. The way to break a jam
is to break her when she’s keyed up tight-
est.”

  He moved toward the door, the rear door,
for the time to reveal himself to the settle-
ment had not arrived.

  “You wait here for me a few minutes,
Tom,” he said easily.

  “Nix. You don’t go, leaving me out of
any of this fun,” protested Tom.

  “The fun doesn’t start just yet. I’ve—
I’ve got something else to do just now.”
“Yes—hm, hm,” said the doctor. “She’ll
be glad to see that you’re back.”

ggZjtb' GASTON went directly to the Ha-
JjSp vens house. It was a warm, dark

*	night and in his rubber - soled
shoes he made no more noise than a cat as
he came swiftly up to the door. The door
was open, as was a window at one side.

  The front room was brightly lighted and
Gaston could not help looking in, and hav-
ing looked could not help hearing what was
being said. It halted him, and he stood
looking and listening.

  Hale was in the room with Rose and Mrs.
Havens. Hale was on his feet, speaking,
and his strong, round face wore a look of
worry.

  “I think you ought to go. If I had the
power I would make you go. This is no
time for you to stay here.”

  “Are you going away, too?” asked Rose.
“Of course not. That’s different. But
there’s no reason why you should stay. We
can’t tell what they’ll do before morning.
I’ll give you my team and a driver and you
can go down to La Croix and wait until the
thing blows over.”

  Rose smiled.

  “If you will drive us, Dick-”

  “Oh, you know I can’t do that. A man
can’t run away.”

  “But a woman—a girl—can?”

“Certainly. That’s common sense.”
“We’re going to stay here, Dick.” Rose
was very quiet. “I know how well you
152

Adventure

mean it—but we will not run away.”
“Bravo!” cried Gaston, striding in. They
started at the sight of him; but Gaston
looked only at Rose, and his heart swelled
at the look she gave him. “I apologize for
hearing what wasn’t intended for my ears.
I was just coming in. Miss Havens, with
you here we know we must keep Taggart’s
outfit away from this end of town; and if
we must, we can.”

  He laughed as he spoke. His spirits were
at top crest. The situation, the opportunity
to fight to protect Rose, was like wine to
his blood. It lifted him, made his heart
beat madly. He felt strong enough to fight
the world; he had a mad impulse to go forth
singing, to battle single-handed with the
gang in its lairs.

  And then he remembered. Those mad,
joyous, impractical impulses and actions
were no longer for him. That was past.
For him, sober, respectable, practical effort.

  He heaved a sigh as he noted that Rose’s
eyes were comparing him to Hale. The
comparison scarcely could be favorable to
him, he knew. His fringed buckskin trou-
sers, high-top rubbers, flaming red sash and
carelessly buttoned shirt were in dire con-
trast to Hale’s neat store-clothes. In the
woods, the odds would have been in his
favor; here it was obviously Hale who had
the better of it.

  As they questioned him about his ab-
sence and return, Gaston made a mental
note that he would change to “town clothes”
as soon as the opportunity offered. And
then he must hold himself in, must sup-
press those reckless impulses, and make
himself into a regular respectable citizen.

  “I can win her,” whispered Gaston’s in-
stinct. “But I’ve got to tame myself—I’ve
got to quiet down.”

  As a beginning he reconsidered his words
concerning Hale’s suggestion that Rose and
her mother leave town.

  “Perhaps it would be the right thing to
do,” he suggested; but Rose laughed at his
sudden change of front.

  “If we had decided to stay before you
were here, certainly we won’t change our
minds now that you’ve come.”

  “Well,” said Gaston dubiously, “I don’t
know. It’s always best to be safe, and
you’d surely be safer down at La Croix than
you are here.”

  Rose thanked him with a look.

  “I’m very glad to hear you talk in that

 tone,” she said, “but I’m sure you don’t
 really think there’s any danger to us here.
 Do you?”

 “As Hale says, you’d surely be safe in La
 Croix,” he replied evasively.

 “But as you said, since we’re going to
 stay here, we'll be assured safety. So here
 we stay.”

 Hale presently excused himself.

 “I want to see Lonergan,” he explained.
 “Hello!” exclaimed Gaston. “Lonergan
 here?”

 “Yes. He’s here with half-a-dozen men.
 He’s preparing to lay out his line between
 La Croix and here.”

 “That will help. That means seven more
 men on our side.”

 “Yes. Good men, too. I must tell Loner-
 gan you’re back in town.”

 Gaston left the house soon after Hale,
 and Rose followed him to the gate.

 “Well,” he said in parting, “you see I’m
 living up to my promise to change my ways.
 I ran away and hid when the sheriff’s gang
 was after me, and I’ve been avoiding trouble
 ever since.”

 “I am glad,” she said.

 “So am I. I’m glad that—that you want-
 ed me to change.”

 Without thinking what he did, his fingers
 strayed down and reached her hand. But
 at the thrill that went through them both
 at the touch, he came to himself and drew
 his hand away. He had no right to do that,
 or think of it—yet.

 “Good night,” he said suddenly. “I must
 go.”

 “Promise me you’ll be careful this eve-
 ning? That you won’t do anything—wild?”
 “Nothing wild,” he said solemnly.
 “That’s all over. I’ll prove to you that it
 is. Don’t you believe it is?”

 “I hope — yes, I believe it is. Good
 night.”

 “Good night, and—I’ll remember.”

 He meant it. He really felt that he was
 tamed. But he was soon to learn how bad-
 ly he was mistaken.

CHAPTER XXIX

A FIGHT

AS GASTON went back toward Dr.

     Sanders’s office there came up from the
 river-front a muffled roar of rage and disap-
 pointment that froze him in his tracks, and
Gaston Olaf

153

 he stood looking down toward where men
 surged wildly to and fro in the gleam of the
 lights from opened windows and doors.
 Something had happened down there that
 had brought sudden anger to a large num-
 ber of the crowd.

   The shouting came from one of the larger
saloons, and after the first sudden explosion
of anger there followed an insistent clamor,
apparently for revenge.

  Ever since he had heard from Dr. San-
ders that a large percentage of the men in
town were laughing at Taggart and his gang,
and that the gang was growling over it, Gas-
ton had been imbued with a wild hope: if
the two elements would get to fighting each
other, the gang would be too busy to turn
seriously on the decent people of the town.
He had just promised Rose that he would
be careful; and to stand to one side and let
the two sides fight among themselves was
the height of caution.

   At first he had planned to go down and
arrest Red-Shirt Murphy before the eyes of
his friends, casting the challenge of law and
order in their teeth. But this would inevi-
tably have precipitated a conflict between
the gang and the decent citizens. So now
as he moVed alone down toward the river-
front, without troubling to call for Tom, it
was in his mind only to conduct'a secret
scouting expedition and ascertain, if possi-
ble, whether there was a prospect that the
two elements in the crowd would clash in
battle. If so, he and the other respectable
citizens of Havens Falls had only to hold
themselves to their upper part of town and
pray that the outsiders would lick Tag-
gart’s men to the last whisper.

   In this cautious frame of mind, Gaston,
aided by the dark night, soon was mingling
with the crowd before the building whence
came the clamor.

  “What’s the row here, neighbor?” he
asked, keeping his face averted from the
stranger whom he addressed.

   “Oh, he just knocked another of our boys
colder’n a dead fish,” was the nonchalant
reply.

   “Who did?” asked Gaston carelessly.

   Before his informant could reply there
came a shout from the doorway.

  “Gangway there—gangway! Open up, so
he can get some air.”

   Shouldering and cursing, their faces cold
and ugly with rage, came two middle-aged
woodsmen dragging between them the limp,

bloody figure of a curly-headed youth. The
boy was nearly as big as Gaston. The two
men carried him, each holding him up by
the arms, his head rolling drunkenly, his
feet dragging helplessly on the ground. His
face was smashed red and raw, and there
was a cruel gash in the back of his head.
Outside the crowd, which only glanced at
him and turned away to view what was go-
ing on in the saloon, they laid him down
and splashed water in his face. There were
half a dozen in the circle about him, tried,
hard-bitten men of the woods, and Gaston
saw that they were all strangers to him.

  “He’s got his gloves loaded,” muttered
the battered youth, as consciousness re-
turned. “I tell you there’s lead in those
gloves of his.”

  “Shut up!” commanded one of the men
who had carried him out. “Doesn’t make
any difference if there was dynamite in ’em;
we said we could find a man to lick him.
Boys,” he turned to the little group, “how
about it? Are we going to let that dam
prize-fighter brag about licking three of our
boys without anybody getting him?”
“Lemme go back at him!” pleaded the
youth. “I was half stewed when I got into
the ring with him. Head’s cleared now; I
can handle him now, boys.”

  “You can’t handle yourself—lay downl
You handled your mitts like a Swede.”
“We got to get him licked,” growled an-
other man. “We can’t hold up our heads
if we don’t.”

  Gaston’s blood leaped quickly. Forgot-
ten was the new policy of caution. Here
was a chance to win Crew One as his de-
voted followers!

  “Well, rustle around,” continued the
spokesman. “Get some one. Who can we
get? Tim Blake, he’s licked, and Big Ro-
bideau, and—Erik here.”

  “Them’s the best men from our crew.”
“Well, somebody else, then. Holy, suf-
fering Moses! Anybody. Let’s go hunt
for some one.”

  They started back toward the crowd.
  “Hold on, boys.”

  They swung back. Gaston had stepped
out of the darkness and was standing beside
the fallen youth. With one glance of their
sharp eyes those woodsmen appraised him.
Then they came toward him, respectfully,
eagerly.

  “What’s going on, boys?” asked Gaston.
“Some champion in town?”
154

Adventure

  They looked him over in silence.
“Stranger,” exploded their spokesman,
“can you handle your mitts at all?”

 “Have done so,” replied Gaston.
“What’s up?”

  “A knocker-out in Sam’s Place. A pro-
fessional. Bets any amount he can knock
out any man in two rounds. He’s cleaned
three of our boys so far.”

  “Where you from, neighbor?” queried an-
other voice.

  “Don’t make no difference where he’s
from,” cried the spokesman. “Question is:
will you take a whirl at this loud guy?”
“Oh, I don’t mind,” said Gaston.

  “Then he’s one of our crew—Crew One—
no matter where he’s from. Come on.
Gangway there, you town hoboes. We got
a man to clean your champion now. Come
on, boys!”

  Gaston paused to bend over the battered
youth.

  “How did he give you that clip in the
back of the head, boy?” he asked.

  “Loaded gloves, I tell you,” insisted the
boy. “I can tell when lead hits me, can’t
I?”

  “Lead nothing,” said some one. “He lets
you feel of his gloves. But he strikes an
awful blow, stranger. The boys have drop-
ped like they was shot.”

  “All right.”

  They were at the doorway of the saloon
now. The place was crowded with men.
At the farther end of the room was a tiny
stage, on which usually singers and dancers
held forth. Tonight two ropes were stretch-
ed across the front of the stage. The two
side walls and a canvas drop at the back
constituted the other three sides of the ring.

  Through the haze of tobacco - smoke,
which hung like clouds about the hanging
oil-lamps, Gaston could make out the figure
of the fighter leaning over the ropes, gloves
on his hands, sneering at the crowd, while
at his side a hawk-nosed gambler cried:
“Come on, boys; bring up your fighting
men! Even money, any amount, you
haven’t got a man can stay two three-min-
ute rounds with the ‘Butcher Boy.’ He
only weighs a hundred sixty-five, boys.
Come on, some of you fire-eaters; get the
easy money.”

  Gaston looked over the crowd first of all.
He recognized here and there one of Tag-
gart’s men, Red-Shirt Murphy among them,
but to his satisfaction he saw that more

than half of the men were strangers to him.
They were the outsiders, the men who had
laughed at Taggart because of the trick of
the stolen drive, and just at present they
were begging for somebody to step up and
knock that guy’s block off.

  The men who were to be counted as Tag-
gart’s were with the pugilist. It was their
turn to laugh now, and they were taunting
the outsiders with the failure of their would-
be champions.

 “Get a good man!” they sneered.
“What’s the matter, Crew One? Haven’t
you got one good man among you?”

  The air of the room was heavy with ten-
sion. The outsiders were taking these
taunts in ominous silence.

  Gaston looked at the prize-fighter last of
all. The man was of medium height with
enormous neck and shoulders and a small
shaved head. His thick, gnarled arms and
bowed legs told of great strength, but it
seemed rather the slow, heavy strength of
the wrestler than the speed and power of
the pugilist.

  “What’s the matter? Haven’t you got a
good man?” howled the fighter’s partisans.

  “You darn know it!” came back the re-
ply from the door, and Gaston Olaf and his
six new-found friends came rushing down
the room to the ring.

  In a vague, far-away sort of fashion Gas-
ton Olaf realized that he had taken upon
himself a desperate venture. A small, still
voice was whispering to him that this was
a dangerous thing to do; that Taggart’s men
would recognize him; that they would seek
to collect the price which he knew Taggart
must have set on his head.

  But the voice was so small that he scarce-
ly heard it; the realization of danger came
to him from far away and as through a fog.
What he realized keenly was that his veins
were throbbing with excitement. And now
under the spur of the moment he realized
that this was what his nature craved above
all things, that he had stepped into his
present dangerous position because his real
nature had led him to it.

  These thoughts came and went in one
troubled flash. Then he was the old reck-
less, dare-devil Gaston, glorying in the pow-
er of his young giant’s body, thrilled to the
core by the prospect of the fight ahead of
him. He laughed boyishly; he was happy.

  There was a moment of stillness as he
climbed through the ropes. Taggart’s men,
Gaston Olaf

155

recognizing him, were awed to silence by
his audacity at appearing in such a place.
Then the outsiders broke into a whoop and
crowded forward, clamoring to bet what re-
mained of their rolls on this new champion.

  The pugilist looked Gaston over with a
horrible grimace, intended for a smile of
contempt.

   “Deh bigger dey are, deh harder dey fall,”
he barked. “Give ’im deh mitts, ref’ree.
He’s in fer an orful tumble, dis guy is.
Here, feel o’ my gloves, so yah won’t holler
dere’s lead in ’em when I knock yah cold.”

   Gaston felt of the thin gloves. There was
no hard substance in them.

  “Here’s yours.”

   The gambler, acting as referee, tossed him
a pair of thin gloves similar to the pugil-
ist’s. Gaston was puzzled at the obvious
confidence of the professional and the gam-
bler. By their faces the fight was only a
formality; it was as good as over, with him
as another victim of the pug’s prowess.
Why was this? His keenly alert instinct
suddenly cried out a warning. There was
something wrong here; he must be on guard
against a trick.

  “Come on!” bellowed the gambler. “Any-
body else want to back the big fellow against
the little Butcher Boy?”

  Gaston, leaning against the ropes in his
corner, was watching the crowd. He saw
Red-Shirt Murphy whispering with another
man.

  “Come on!” he cried. “Let’s get start-
ed.”

  “Hi! D’you know who that big stiff is?”
cried the man to whom Murphy had spoken.

  “Don’t know and don’t care,” replied the
fighter.

  “That’s Thorson—that’s the guy who
stole the drive!”

  The room was still for an instant. Then
Gaston’s backers lifted the roof with their
shout.

  “Hoop-la! Thorson! Bully boy! Clean
him up like you cleaned Devil Dave. Eat
’im alive!”

  The pugilist grinned, and the gambler
looked bored. It was apparent that they
cared not in the least about who Gaston
was; all comers looked alike to them. What
could the trick be that made them so con-
fident?

  Gaston looked swiftly around the ring.
The ropes in front were all right; there could
be no trick there. The sides were bare

walls, all right. The rear was a sheet of

canvas-

  Gaston felt a slight chill along his spine
and his breath came sharply. There were
two tiny holes cut in the curtain, so tiny
that in the poor light it required eyes as
sharp as his to see them. And for a flash
as he looked, then instantly disappearing,
there showed behind each hole a watching
eye.

  “Something wrong behind that curtain,”
Gaston mused. “I’ll keep away from it.”
His thrill at the prospect of combat sud-
denly changed and gave place to a cold,
seething rage. They would try an unfair
trick on him, would they! His jaw set and
his eyes flashed fire.

  “Come on, you cheap, dirty crook!” he
hissed. “I’ll spoil your circus and break
your head besides.”

  “No more bets? All bets on?”

  “Our money’s all up. Kill him, Thorson,
eat him alive!”

  “Knock him cold, Butcher Boy!” roared
Red Shirt. “Then we’ll give it to him
right.”

  “Go!” shouted the gambler and leaped
from the ring.

IKB THE crowd surged forward, pack-
jjiiiuu ing tightly against the ropes. Gas-
ton had a flash of the first row, and,
seeing half a dozen of Taggart’s men there,
knew that more trouble awaited him when
the fight was over.

  He had little time to think of this. The
fighter came at him like a whirlwind. It
was only a feint. Gaston led, the pug duck-
ed, and Gaston suddenly found himself
clinched and shoved toward the curtain.
He broke the clinch without any trouble.

  The fighter feinted and clinched again.
This time he had a hold about the middle.
With a heave he lifted Gaston from the floor
and rushed him against the canvas hanging.
Gaston threw himself forward even as his
back touched the curtain and in that instant
the secret of the fighter’s success was re-
vealed to him. A blow as from an ax took
him on one side of the neck, but his for-
ward movement had taken him too far
away to permit the blow to land with full
force. As it was it knocked him to his
knees. Stars flew around his head; he felt
nauseated, for a moment. And then he
was on his feet, with a berserk bellow of
rage.
Adventure

  The pug struck wildly, right and left, and
turned and ran. Gaston caught him at the
ropes. He grappled him neck and thigh
and swung him over his head, roaring deep
down in his chest. Without a flicker of
hesitation the gambler reached for his gun,
only to be dropped by the fists of two Crew
One men who had been watching him for
just such action.

  Gaston steadied himself with the squirm-
ing man held above his head. It was a
good ten feet across the ring. Gaston hurl-
ed his victim straight through the air into
the canvas. The curtain ripped and came
down, and the two black-jack men behind
it were exposed with their weapons in their
hands.

  “There!” cried Gaston. “There’s why
your men lost, boys!”

CHAPTER XXX

THE COMING OF LAW AND ORDER

IT TOOK them a few seconds to realize
what had happened. Was it possible?
Had these town crooks really had the nerve
to play such a trick on Crew One? For a
moment they gaped; then they swore soft-
ly and swarmed toward the ring. A num-
ber of the gangsters made the mistake of
trying to halt them and hold them back.

  “Hoop-la!” cried the woodsmen, and the
room full of men exploded in battle royal.

  The small ring became a place where a
dozen men were struggling instead of two.
Down on the floor twoscore men met fist to
fist. The outsiders were in the majority,
and they were out to avenge the unfair tac-
tics by which their men had been beaten,
the taunts hurled at them, and the tempo-
rary loss of their money—temporary, be-
cause four of them stripped the gambler
down to the last yellow diamond on his
fingers.

  In the ring Gaston fought furiously
against odds until the rush of his friends
carried his foes underfoot. He was marked,
but he soon was satisfied with his share of
the struggle, and he managed to free him-
self for a moment from the press.

  The outsiders by this time had the whip-
hand and the fight had become knock-down-
and-drag-out. Taggart’s gangsters were be-
ing hurled through doors and windows.
Later they would return with reinforce-
ments and the battle would be renewed, but

for the time being the fight was all to Crew
One.

  It was no part of Gaston’s program to
take part in a general rough-house. He re-
alized how greatly fortune had favored him
in his desperate venture, and returning
calmness dictated that he escape. In a jam
near the door he caught sight of the flaming
upper garment of Red-Shirt Murphy.

  Murphy was cornered by two young lum-
ber-jacks who were polishing him off to the
queen’s taste. A smile flitted over Gaston’s
face, and he dropped into the melee on the
floor. It was the work of a few seconds to
work his way through to the door.

  “Let him go, boys,” he commanded,
clutching Murphy’s arm. “He’s my meat.”
“All right, champeen,” they said, and
turned to hunt a fresh victim.

  “Leggo me!” growled Murphy. “Hey,
Taggart’s men, here’s Thorson. Knife him,

somebody, knife the-!”

  Gaston twisted his arm behind him and
thrust him outside. Two of Murphy’s
friends came running toward him.

  “Out of the way,” said Gaston. “I’m
arresting Murphy for robbing that kid this
evening. I’m marshal of this town. Pretty
soon I’ll come back and get some more of
you. Out of the way. Hike!”

  At a dog-trot he propelled Murphy ahead
of him out of the crowd and up the street,
before any one dared to make a move. The
amazed gangsters stood dumfounded while
Gaston ran his prisoner across the open
space separating the two parts of town.
He was in front of Hale’s store before they
moved. Then they shouted:

  “Hi! Thorson’s gobbled Red Shirt and’s
carrying him off. Come here to me. We
got to get Red Shirt away.”

  Gaston threw his prisoner into Hale’s
store. Hale, Tom Pine, Dr. Sanders, Loner-
gan and six of his men, old Perkins, the
postmaster and a few others, were assem-
bled there.

  “Here’s the first prisoner of the first mar-
shal of Havens Falls,” announced Gaston.
“Law and order has come, gentlemen.
Guard him carefully. I’ll be back in a min-
ute.”

  He snatched his rifle from Tom Pine’s
hand and was outside and half-way back
toward the red lights by the time Murphy’s
friends had gathered courage to follow.
There were probably a dozen of them, and
they came cursing up the street,demanding
Gaston Olaf

157

Gaston’s life, and the freedom of Murphy.

  Where the light from a window streaked
across the street Gaston drew a line in the
sand with the toe of his shoe, and slung his
rifle into the hollow of his arm.

  “Here’s where you fellows stop—right at
this line,” he said quietly. “First one across
it gets what’s in the old gun. Who wants
it first?”

  The gang stopped short. In the yellow
flare of light Gaston was not a pleasant ob-
ject to face. There was blood on his face
from the fight; his shirt was torn in several
places; his thick crop of hair was disordered
till each hair seemed to be standing on end.
And in the half-light his blue eyes gleamed
wickedly.

  He was very serious. There was no joy
of battle about this. This was business,
duty. It was something that had to be
done, and he happened to be the man on
whom the job of doing it had fallen.

  “There’s the line,” he said. “That’s the
line that marks the coming of law and order
to Havens Falls. You fellows have done
just as you please up to now. You can’t
do that any more. Things have changed.
I’ve been made marshal of this town. I’m
here to tell you fellows your day of being
top - loaders here is over. Understand?
From now on I’ll tell you what you can do
and what you can’t do in this town. And
first of all you can’t come up into this part
of town. You can’t cross that line. Do
you understand?”

  Gaston sensed that people were moving
toward him from behind. He looked and
saw that in the darkness at his back a crowd
had gathered to his support. Nearest him
were Tom Pine, Lonergan and Hale. Each
of them was armed with a shotgun.

  Dr. Sanders, Perkins, Lonergan’s men
and others were there, too, bringing the to-
tal number up to ten, all armed. They
came silently, stretching across the street
in a ragged line. It was a new business to
most of them; their faces were white and
they were breathing hard. But within them
was the spirit of the town-makers, the men
of homes, who bring order into the wilder-
ness.

  This was something that had to be done
for the good of the town. Before them were
the forces of lawlessness and disorder, from
which they and theirs had suffered helpless-
ly for so long. Behind them were their
homes, their women, their children—all that

was sacred in the world to them. And the
time had come for them to stand out be-
tween these and the forces of evil.

  They didn’t like to do it; fighting wasn’t
in their line. But it had to be done. So
they were doing it. And Taggart’s gang-
sters looked at the silent line of white faces,
and the formidable figure that led them,
and grew weak. As always, the bravado
courage of the bad man was as the reckless-
ness of a boy in the face of the calm deter-
mination of law-abiding citizens defending
their homes.

  The two sides faced each other in silence;
then Gaston’s voice:

  “Now toddle back to your boss. Tell
him what’s happened. Tell him this rule
has come to stay. You fellows can’t come
up into this part of town any more. Then
round up all of your gang and see if you
can scare up nerve enough to come back
and cross that line.”

  Then the tension broke. The gangsters
began to slink back one by one. They went
with curses on their lips. A dozen yards
away they stopped and put their heads to-
gether.

  “We’ll come back, all right,” growled one
of them, as they continued their 'retreat.
“And when we come, you fellows’ll be glad
to get out of town alive.”

CHAPTER XXXI

TAGGART’S DEFIANCE

GASTON turned about and faced the
posse which had assembled to his sup-
port. He did not laugh at the threat which
had been hurled at them. The mood of
recklessness had passed; he was as coldly
serious and determined as the most sober
citizen present.

  “Well, we’ve served notice on them now,”
he said quietly.

  His eyes ran swiftly up and down the line
and suddenly he was filled with a great
pride at the thought of being chosen leader
by such men. With the exception of Tom
Pine and a couple of reckless youngsters in
Lonergan’s crew, the business in hand was
appalling to his followers. They were not
men of violence; they were men with a hun-
ger for orderly communities. Some of them
actually were sick at stomach from the un-
accustomed sensations of the situation. Yet
not one of them but plainly told by the
158

Adventure

look on his face that he was ready to stand
up and give life itself if necessary in order
that the new rule of law and <?rder might
be established.

  To Gaston, who always deprecated his
own courage because the prospect of trouble
only filled him with joy, there was some-
thing heroic in the courage of these quiet
citizens. He saw them in a new light—es-
pecially Hale. Hale was handling his shot-
gun clumsily, but his eyes were as steady as
Gaston’s or Tom Pine’s.

  “Yes,” said Lonergan, “we’ve served ’em
notice. Now they’ve either got to pull their
steel or back down.”

  “They*-won’t back down,” said Hale.
“Taggart won’t let ’em.”

  “Nope.” Old Perkins was nervously
chewing tobacco. “Nope, they won’t back
down.”

  “Neither will we,” said another man.
  “No,” they said, almost as one.

  “What did you do with Murphy?” asked
Gaston.

  “Put him in a shack back of the post-
office with two men to guard him.”

  They stood looking down toward the red
lights. It was quiet down there, but Gas-
ton knew what trouble was boiling, and
doubts assailed him as he considered the
possible results to these men.

  “Have I done right, boys?” he asked.
  “You’ve done right.”

  “I’ve brought trouble coming to you.”
“It had to come sometime. Better now
than later.”

  “All right. They won’t be back here for
a little time at least. Let’s go to Hale’s
store and decide what to do.”

  In the light of the store-lamps they saw
the blood on his face.

  “Hey!” cried Dr. Sanders. “I knew
there’d be work for me tonight, but I didn’t
think it would start so soon. How’d you
get that? Come here while I fix you up.
Who gave it to you?”

  Gaston opened his mouth to tell of the
fight in the saloon, but stopped. Looking
back upon it he saw suddenly how desperate
and reckless had been his adventure. In the
same instant he remembered how, but a
short time ago, he had promised to be care-
ful this night. He felt ashamed.

“Murphy’s friends,” he replied evasively,
bending over the basin which the doctor had
brought. “It doesn’t amount to anything.”
“Amounts to this,” snapped Tom Pine,

“you sneaked off and hogged the fun after
promising to let me in on it.”

  “Don’t worry; there’ll be plenty more fun
before this night’s over. Now, let’s put our
heads together. I’ve arrested Murphy.
He’s our first prisoner. Those fellows will
be after him, sure as we’re living.

  “Murphy’s nothing but a big bum, and
the best thing to do with him is to kick him
out of town; but for the present he’s impor-
tant. We’ve got to keep him as a warning
to ’em. So I guess there won’t be much
sleep for any of us tonight. Those fellows
will try to nose around and find out where
we’ve got him. We’ve got to meet them
at that line out there and persuade ’em to
keep on their own side of the fence.”
“Right. You’re the boss; give your or-
ders.”

  “Well, I think this store is a good place
for us to make camp in,” said Gaston.
“How many more men can we get together
that we can depend upon?”

  A silence fell over the room. Hale broke

it.

  “Counting the two men guarding Mur-
phy, we’re most of us here. There’s three
or four men more will be here later. Then
there are some away who won’t be back to-
night. Count on an even dozen.”

“A dozen?” repeated Gaston cheerfully.
“Well, we’ll have to make that do, then.

We’ll-”

  “You’ll raise-, you will!”

  A voice in the doorway brought the last
man of them to his feet.

  “You’ll raise-and put a foundation

under it, you will!”

  Taggart was standing there, his bulk fill-
ing the doorway. He was all alone. He
was stiff-eyed from whisky; his fang-like
teeth showed through his ragged beard in a
leering grin; and he stood leaning forward,
his huge hands curved before him like claws.

  The sudden sight of him sent a chill down
the back of most of those present. They re-
alized fully now what they had to combat.

  “Hello, Taggart,” said Gaston easily.
“Where’s your shotgun?”

  Taggart’s head dropped further forward,
his grin grew wider, and if ever eyes flashed
fire his blood-shot optics did then.

  “Thorson, if I was bothering about you
any more I’d have brought a shotgun,” he
said thickly. “But you’re—you’re only one
dog in a flock now, one cur in a crowd! And
I’ve decided to whip the whole lot of you
Gaston Olaf

159

out of my country. Do you hear?” His
voice suddenly rose to a demoniacal shout
that shook the lamps under the ceiling.
“The whole lot of you, curs—dogs, bitches,
pups! Yes, and your kennels, too. You’re
all going together. Back up Thorson, will
you? Follow him because he’s dared to
buck me, eh? Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha! Buck
me!”

  He paused.

  “Buck me!” he repeated in a whisper, his
face swelling horribly. Suddenly he swept
his arm before him as if brushing something
out of his way, and stepped back a step.
“All of you — whipped dogs — get away.
Take your women and kids and travel. For
there’ll be no kennels for you to bed down
in when daylight comes in the morning!”
He was gone, lurching back out of sight
in the darkness as suddenly as he had come.

  The men in the store looked at one an-
other. Old Perkins’s shrill treble rose:

  “Well, the dirty-1”

  Then they all looked at Gaston. The
doctor had halted in the act of putting stick-
ing-plaster on a cut on his cheek, and Gas-
ton was calmly completing the operation.

  “Well—darn it, Doc, this stuff won’t
stick. Well, boys, now Devil Dave has
served notice on us.”

  There was no reply; they were watching
him. By his calmness they sensed that he
was confident that the solution of their
problem lay with him.

  “Wha—what did he mean?” gasped a
white-faced man.

  “Mean?” said Gaston. “Huh! That’s
easy; he means that he’s going to burn us
out.”

CHAPTER XXXII

THE POWER OF WOMAN

  A MOMENT of horror-stricken silence
     followed Gaston’s words.

  “Well, the dirty-!” repeated old Per-
kins.

  “Burn us out? Good God! He wouldn’t
dare do that!”

  “You saw him, didn’t you?” said Gaston.
“Did he look like a man who’d stop at any-
thing?”

  Lonergan shook his head.

  “He’ll do it—if he can. He’s done things
like it before.”

   Tom Pine cleared his throat noisily.

  “I could have shot him right where he
stood,” he said, puzzled. “I had my gun
right here. And I was thinking: ‘You
crooked old whelp, I’ll do one good thing
in this world and rid it of you.’ But I
couldn’t do it. Darn your law and order!
it’s making me soft, too.”

  “Well?” demanded Perkins. “What are
we going to do now?”

  “Keep him from doing it.”

  Gaston looked his men over. There
would be twelve of them, all told. Taggart
would have ftfty. Gaston moved swiftly
toward the door.

   “Boys, there aren’t enough of us,” he said
sharply. “We couldn’t possibly keep ’em
from getting fires started. Everything is
dry as kindling. If a fire once gets hold here
now, everything goes. So we’ve got to keep
’em from getting started. To do that we’ve
got to have more men. And—you fellows
stay right here. I’m going out and try to
get ’em.”

  Tom Pine made to rise, but Gaston was
away on the run. He knew that he must
act and get results swiftly if at all. And as
he ran by a roundabout way for Sam’s
Place he shook his head at the queer turn of
events. For if he was to save Havens Falls
he must do it because of his carelessness.

  Gaston knew lumberjacks. He knew
that the men whose champion he had been
and for whom he had exposed the methods
of the crooked pugilist, were, for the evening
at least, his sworn friends. They would have
liked nothing better than to hoist him on
their shoulders, parade the town with him,
fill him up on all the liquors that the place
afforded. Could he halt them in their wild
career of the evening and turn their hero-
worship to serious ends?

  He approached Sam’s Place cautiously,
keeping in the dark. Inside the outsiders
were holding sway. The saloon - keeper,
eager for their patronage now that they had
their money back, had helped them kick
fighter, gambler and knockout-men into the
street, and the place was in their hands.

  Gaston waited until one of the older men
who first had spoken to him, came out for
a moment’s air. Him he caught by the arm
and drew to one side out of the light.

  “My name’s McKenzie, boy,” insisted
the man, “and I’m going to buy you a drink
or-”

  “All right, McKenzie—but not just now.
I need friends.”
i6o

Adventure

  “Put ’er there!” cried McKenzie, shaking
hands. “Now, lead the way.”

  “I need a lot of friends. This is serious,
McKenzie. It’s life or death for me—and
possibly some men and women and chil-
dren.”

  McKenzie sobered immediately.

  “There’s forty men in our crew,” he said.
“After that fight we’re with you to a man.”
“Well, for God’s sake, McKenzie, round
’em up! Tell ’em it’s against that gang. If
they’re white men tell ’em this is the time
to show it. Pass the word on the quiet,
and get ’em up to the big store—Hale’s store
—as soon as you can. And you can prom-
ise them a fight that will make anything
they’ve ever been in look foolish. Do this
now, if you want to square up for that
fight.”

  “ ’Nough said. I was their foreman all
Winter. I’ll have ’em there in a hurry, or
I’m a Swede.”

  Gaston hurried back to the store. Three
more scared-looking but determined men
had joined the crowd, so there now were
fifteen decent citizens to oppose Taggart’s
gang. Gaston looked them over and sucked
in his lips. He had just seen the river-front
swarming with the gangsters. Fifty of them
there would be, and they were a tough, hard-
bitten crew. Futile to oppose them with
these soft-muscled townsmen. If McKen-
zie’s men failed him-

  “They’re coming!” came the shout from
outside.

  “Hoop-la!”

  The first of McKenzie’s crew came tum-
bling into the room, half a dozen of them,
with big Erik in the lead. They swarmed
around Gaston Olaf, thrusting the others
aside. One man held toward him a roll of
bills; two held forth bottles.

  “There’s your share of the winnings, ol’
bear. We chipped in. Take it. We won
on you. Take a drink, too.” '

  Gaston drank sparingly from each bottle
and accepted the bills. They would have
taken it as an insult had he refused.

  “Now that’s all the booze we’ll touch for
the present, boys,” said he. “And this roll
will pay for a little celebration afterward.”
Chaffing them, shaking the hands that
were outstretched to him, laughing heartily
as they smote him affectionately on the
back and called him endearing and profane
names, he received them as they came tum-
bling into the store. They were eager to

come, eager to shake his hand. The man
who had stolen the Taggart drive, and on
top of that given them sweet revenge on
the slugger, was for this night their hero,
their great man of the world. On the other
hand, they were in town to celebrate, and
this store and this crowd looked like a
mighty dry place.

  “Where’s the excitement, Thorson?” they
cried. “Stir ’er up! This looks too much
like church for us.”

  When McKenzie came hurrying in at the
head of a dozen men, bringing the number
of this crew present up to thirty, Gaston
held up his hand for silence.

  “Boys,” he began seriously, “we want
you to join us. We need your help!”
“Who’s ‘we’? ” demanded a voice.

  “Don’t make no difference who ’tis,”
snapped McKenzie. “There’s a man we
owe our shirts to. You listen to him.”
“The gang that’s been bucking you fel-
lows all evening is fixing to burn this end
of town,” continued Gaston. He talked
swiftly, for he saw that this sober sort of
meeting was not to the taste of the joyous
lumberjacks, and he feared he might lose
his hold. “That gang is Taggart’s. You
know how they’ve run things around here.
This end of town is where the white people
live in this settlement. There are women
and babies in these houses, boys; and that
gang is fixing to burn ’em out. If we’re
white men we can’t stand by and see that
done. We need you boys with us; we aren’t
enough to protect those women and kids
without you. What do you say? Are you
white men? Will you stick with us and
keep that gang from getting up into this
end of town?”

  By the silence that followed his speech
Gaston knew the men were not won. Like
wild, unbroken colts the lumberjacks were
balking. Had he gaily placed himself at
their head and led them to clean out a saloon,
they would have followed without a mo-
ment’s hesitation. But they balked at this
sober appeal for help to guard the houses of
towns people against fire.

  “Where the - is the fun in that?”

growled one. “Come on; let’s go back and
get a drink.”

  “Go ahead!” cried Gaston, flaring an-
grily. “Go get your drink; you probably
wouldn’t be any good anyhow.”

  “Don’t tear your shirt, Noisy,” spoke
McKenzie, his hand on the man’s shoulder.
Gaston Olaf

161

“Stay right here. But lemme tell you,
Thorson, this isn’t exactly what we were
looking for.”

  “Afraid?”

  “Come off, man; don’t get on your horse
just because we don’t fall over ourselves to
go with you. There’s some of us with wo-
men and kids, too; and we get a living for
them on Taggart’s pay-roll. There’d be no
more work in this country for a man who
bucked Taggart’s gang too hard.”

  At this Lonergan thrust his square figure
beside Gaston.

  “Well, well, if it ain’t Old Iron Trail!”
greeted an old jack. “Speak up, Lonergan;
talk’s cheap.”

  “Not the kind of talk I’m going to make,”
retorted Lonergan. “You know who I am,
don’t you, boys?”

  “Sure. He’s the man who grows rail-
roads. Spit it out, old hoss.”

  Lonergan turned toward McKenzie.

  “You said there’d be no work in this coun-
try for a man who bucked Taggart too hard.
You’re wrong. That’s just the kind of man
who’ll be able to find work right here—as
much as he wants—at better wages than
Taggart pays. In fact, I’m up here to hire
men. Next week we’re going to start blaz-
ing the trail for the line from La Croix up
here. I’ll need axmen, shovelers, skinners,
drivers, spikers, cooks, water-boys, walking-
bosses—there’ll be two crews. The log-
ging’s over for this season. How about a
steady job for all Spring and Summer? And
the boys who get on my pay-roll will be the
ones who help us tonight.”

  “That goes!” cried McKenzie. “I play
with you.”

  Together with a few of the older men he
pressed forward toward Lonergan. But the
young fellows, the bulk of the crew, stood
still. The idea of providing themselves with
further employment was farthest of all from
their minds just then. The future might
take care of itself; in the meantime, furious,
thoughtless excitement was what they
craved. This thing was too orderly, too
sober for them.

  “To-with a job!” laughed one. “Our

money’s still good.”

  “But don’t forget who saved it for you,”
shouted McKenzie.

  “To-! We ain’t playing police for no

man’s town. Come on, boys; this ain’t no
fun.”

  “Then go!” Gaston’s voice vibrated with

 11

anger, though from the first he had feared
just such a turn. “And when we’ve won
this fight alone we’ll make you fellows take
the tall timber on the run.”

  They laughed and started for the door;
wild colts that would not be haltered. And
then they stopped.

  “Has anything happened; is any one
hurt?”

  Gaston and Hale started as one and look-
ed at each other at the sound of the new
voice. It was Rose. She came running in;
and the men made way for her. Inside the
door she paused, panting, her hands on her
breast, and looked around.

  “Oh!” Her eyes fell on Gaston, and de-
spite the plaster on his face, she gave an
exclamation of relief. Then on Hale, and
she grew quiet. “I saw the crowd; I was
afraid some one had been hurt. But—I’m
mistaken?”

  “Nobody hurt, Miss Rose.” Dr. Sanders
tried to say it jauntily, but it was a miserable
failure.

  Hale looked steadily at the floor; Gaston
looked over her head. Neither cared to
meet her inquiring eyes. Nor did Lonergan,
or Tom, or the doctor. But the lumber-
jacks of Crew One were staring at her as at
a vision, and the light of wickedness went
out of many eyes and gave place to some-
thing better. They looked at her worship-
fully.

  She was dressed in a gown of soft white-
ness, and her face was alight with the light
of a mother-heart, stirred with alarm. To
those rough boy-men she was more than
merely a dainty and beautiful girl. She
was the eternal dream woman which men
of their ilk dream of and are prepared to
worship.

  Their caps came off unconsciously. They
grew sober.

  Rose looked at the serious faces of the
townsmen and tried in vain to catch Gas-
ton’s eye.

  “Nobody hurt at all,” said he airily.
“Just a little meeting.”

  “What is it?” she whispered. “Is any-
thing going—to—happen?”

  “No, no!” he said.

  “Dick!” she cried to Hale.

  “No, no. Everything’s all right. You—•
you had better go home.”
i She looked around. She couldn’t under-
stand. There was something behind the
faces which she had learned to know so
162

Adventure

well. She looked at Lonergan, at Tom Pine,
at Dr. Sanders. She turned and looked at
the men of Crew One.

  “Boys!” she cried to them. “You’ll tell
me, I know—is anything going to happen?”

  There was a moment of silence. Crew
One began to smile. Then came the reply,
bellowed earnestly from a huge pair of lungs
—from the man who had said, “This ain’t
no fun”:

  “Not by a da—! Excuse me, lady. I
mean, no, sir! No siree, ma’am; there ain’t
nothing going to happen. No, by Godfrey!
Not enough—not enough to fry a six-inch
trout at!”

  And Crew One shouted as one man to
back him up.

  “That’s right; you bet your bottom
boots!”

CHAPTER XXXIII

BATTLE

GASTON, watching the faces of the men,
whispered sharply to Hale:

  “Take her home. Get her away from
here.”

  He would have given much to accompany
her home himself, but his place just then
was with Crew One.

  Rose’s eyes grew soft at the sudden heart-
felt tribute which had been given her. She
held forth her hands to them in a gesture of
fraternity.

  “Thank you, boys, thank you!” she mur-
mured. “Yes, Dick; I know. I’ll go home.”

  They watched her go out, watched her,
cap in hand, watched till the last glimpse of
her was lost in the darkness.

  “Well,” said Gaston, “you discovered
you were white men, after all, did you?”

  They came swarming back to him. They
were eager to make amends, eager to do
something ferocious to prove that they
meant what they had said.

  “Say, Husk, we didn’t understand,” they
shouted. They held forth their hands.

“How the-could we understand? You

know what kind of women we’d been seeing
in this burg. By Godfrey! That’s a thor-
oughbred little lady. Come on, Big Fellow,
shake hands. We’re all white men together
now. Now we know what you’re standing
up for, Thorson. Lead the way. We’ll go
to-for you now.”

“All right, boys. I knew you were white

men if it was put up to you right.” Gaston
leaned over to Lonergan. “Lonergan, take
all your men who’ve got guns and scatter
them in a straight line across the town right
here. You’ve enough that nobody can slip
through without being seen. If any Tag-
gart man gets through, lire a shot. They
may go into the timber and try to sneak in
and fire her from behind. When Hale comes
back better have him and a couple others
keep moving through this end of town on
the lookout. Better go at once.”

  “Right. Come on, boys.”

  Lonergan led the posse of citizens out
into the night. Tom Pine remained behind.

  “All right, Tom,” said Gaston. “Put
your rifle down. You can go with us. Now,
boys, a couple of you slip down and see if
the gang is bunched up any place.”

  Two youngsters ran out eagerly. They
were back in ten minutes, their number in-
creased to a dozen by members of Crew
One whom they had picked up.

  “They’re just leaving McCarthy’s place,”
was the report. “They’re coming this way.”
“Fine!” cried Gaston. “Boys, I prom-
ised you a fight. Roll up your sleeves and
spit on your hands. We’ve got to clean up
that gang tonight, and the way to lick a
man is to get right at him.”

  In two great leaps he was at the door.
  “Can we handle ’em?” he cried.

  “Let us at ’em!”

  “Then come a-running!” yelled Gaston,
and on the dead run he led his men out of
the store, and straight at the black mass
which was coming up the street.

  Taggart’s gang stopped suddenly at the
line which Gaston had drawn across the
street. They stopped in surprise.

  They had come on Taggart’s orders, ex-
pecting to find a dozen townsmen in Hale’s
store. Half a dozen carried shotguns.
Their plan was to trap the men in the store,
hold them helpless at gun-muzzles and fire
the town at their leisure. They had even
come prepared to shoot and shoot quickly
at any movement of weapons on the part of
their opponents.

  But what they found was considerably
different from what they had expected.

  Down the street at them came hurtling a
crowd of yelling men as large as their own.
With Gaston at their head, with their big-
gest men at his sides, Crew One just then
was terrible to behold.

  Gaston had thrown off all self-restraint.
Gaston Olaf

163

For the time he had gone berserk, throw-
ing himself headlong at the enemy, think-
ing not and caring not that they might be
armed, eager only to come to grips, confi-
dent that nothing could stop his rush.

  His fury had communicated itself to his
followers. Thoughts of danger, impulses of
fear were for the time being non-existent
for them. Shotguns, eh? All right; a few
of them might go down; but they would
follow the big fellow through that crowd
and back again, trampling the guts out of
’em, if they never did anything else in the
world.

  The gunmen hesitated. Their only chance
was to have shot instantly, without hesita-
tion, as at a leaping lynx. Ere they could
think they were lost.

  Gaston knocked up the first gun and
struck the gang like a maddened bull, his
men at his side. In a flash the gunmen
were down, their weapons gone.

  “Fight! -you, fight!”

  Taggart’s voice rose from the rear, the
roar of a drunken animal.

  “Fight!-you, fight!” echoed Gaston

mockingly.

THE gang stiffened at Taggart’s
command. The two sides met with
a thud. Groans followed; curses and
screams drowned the sound of blows. Over
it all rose Gaston’s laughter.

  “Come on, boys — right through ’em!
We’ll get Devil Dave himself.”

  A few knives flashed among the gang-
sters. The glint of steel drove the lumber-
jacks mad. They were not to be stopped.
For a minute, possibly, Taggart’s men held.
Then with a shout Gaston broke through
with a dozen men; and the fight was won.

  “Clean ’em! Hold ’em, boys! Don’t let
’em run!”

  Crew One was just beginning to fight.
Gaston and his dozen saw that Taggart had
disappeared, and threw themselves back on
the gang.

  “That’s the stuff, boys. Don’t let ’em
run.”

  But the gang, suddenly feeling itself sur-
rounded, broke away. They began to run
to both sides of the street.

  “Don’t let ’em get away!” rose the cry.
“They used knives. Hold ’em back.”

  The fight became a rout. The gangsters
ran in all directions. After them went the
lumber-jacks.

  The battle spread to the timber on either
side of town. It raged steadily dow- to-
ward the red-lights. It swept into the sa-
loons and out again. Gaston led wherever
a group of the gangsters made a stand. In
his hand he carried as a bludgeon the bar-
rels of a shotgun—the stock he had smashed
on a gunman’s head—and at the sight of
him the gangsters turned and ran.

  “Shoot him, shoot that-!” they cried.

  But nobody found time to shoot. It was
a rush that would not be stayed. The den-
keepers hastily locked and barred their
doors and Taggart’s men found hiding-
places denied them. Down through the
river-front swept the pursuit. It ended at
the darkness along the river, and Gaston
and his men paused and drew breath.
There was no one left for them to fight.

  “Hoop-la!” The lumberjacks danced
jigs and shouted. “Bring on your tigers;
we eat ’em alive.”

  His face alight with triumph, Gaston
turned to look back. His jaw fell in horror.

  “Good God, boys! Look! They’ve done
it after all.”

  Up the street, in the upper part of town,
a sweep of flame was rushing toward the
sky. In the madness of the fight no man
of them had turned to note what was going
on behind them. Now the whole settle-
ment was lurid 'iinder the rapidly rising
wall of flame, and the roar and crackle of it
reached even down to the river.

  “Good God! That must be Hale’s store.”
Gaston’s voice was a hoarse whisper. “And
if it is the whole street’ll go.”

  He started back toward the flames on a
run, followed by his men.

  It was not Hale’s store that was burning,
but the building next to it. This was used
as a livery-barn, and stood wall to wall with
Hale’s building. The bam already was a
furnace, too hot to approach. From its dry
shingle roof flakes of flame were flying
about.

  Thus far Hale’s building, larger and high-
er than the barn, was serving as a bulwark,
shielding the rest of the settlement from the
flying embers. If the store went the way
of the barn, it would fire the rest of the
street. Olson’s Hotel, with tar paper on the
walls, stood directly across the street from
it; Dr. Sanders’s little office was at its side.

  From these points the flames could reach
out and touch the other buildings, each of
which, built of pine and tinder-dry, was like
164

Adventure

kindling awaiting the match. Nothing is
as helpless as a new woods-town when a fire
starts in dry weather. Usually there is but
one thing to do—move out and watch it burn.

  Dr. Sanders was bending over a man of
Crew One who lay in the street when Gas-
ton arrived before the burning building.

  “Well, Big Fellow, Taggart stole a march
when you were rushing his gang,” he greet-
ed. “He and Indian Charley sneaked
around back of the barn at the height of
the melee. Had a can of oil and threw it
on the hay. This boy, here, saw ’em and
jumped ’em just as Taggart struck a match.
They didn’t quite kill him, but the Indian
gave him a little steel between the ribs all
right. The barn was one flame in two min-
utes.”

  Under Hale’s direction men were carry-
ing cases of dynamite from the store to a
safe place in the woods. Other men were
salvaging the stock while some were climb-
ing to the roof to beat out the flames as
they fell. The heat from the burning barn
prevented any attempt at working on it.

  Hale came out and sized up the situation
carefully.

“We’ve got to start a water line,” shout-
ed Gaston. “If we get buckets enough we
can wet your building down and save it.”
Hale suddenly looked up at his roof. He
shook his head.

  “Can’t do it,” he said. “Look.”

  The roof and the side wall nearest the
barn had caught. The shingles were begin-
ning to burn, and dabs of flame began to
fall from them.

  “Ladders! Get some ladders!” cried Gas-
ton. “It isn’t too late yet. “We’ve got
men enough here to save her.”

  A burning shingle, spewed upward by the
force of the flames, floated through the
darkness above them and landed gracefully
on the stoop of Olson’s Hotel.

  “You see? Too late,” said Hale. He
looked long at the big, stanch building in
which was a good share of all he possessed,
and onde more shook his head. “We
haven’t even got time to get the stock out.
Bill,” he called quietly to one of his men,
“go out and bring back one case of the dy-
namite, will you?”

  “Man!” cried Gaston. “Don’t do that

yet. Let’s try first-”

  A second flaming shingle sailed high over
the street, dropped, and was stamped out
beside the papered wall of the hotel.

  “I wouldn’t have those poor women
burned out just to try to save my store,
Thorson. What do you think would hap-
pen if my roof began to flame?”

  Gaston made no reply.

  “It’s the only thing to do,” said Hale.

  Gaston nodded his head silently. The
man had returned bearing a heavy box of
explosive.

  “Clear out, boys,” cried Hale. “Get
away out of danger. “We’ve got to blow
her up.”

  A groan and a sigh of relief came from
the crowd. They regretted the destruction
of the building and yet they realized that
by it the town would be saved.

  “Fill up your buckets. Scatter your-
selves around ready to put out flying
brands. And get out of the way when the
shot comes.”

  The crowd drew back until Hale, Gaston
and Tom Pine stood alone before the burn-
ing building.

  “All right; no use delaying it,” said Hale,
and the three men moved to their work.

  Gaston and Tom Pine salvaged stock af-
ter the charges had been laid and the fuses
lighted. At the last moment they rushed
out with armfuls of goods to join Hale, who
had sought shelter behind the hotel.

  “There she goes!” groaned Tom Pine as
the building rose in the air at the explo-
sion.

  Gaston vented a curse from the bottom
of his chest. The store had fallen together
like a house of cards. The barn fell with
it, and there remained of it only a low pile
of jumbled lumber, which burned without
offering any danger to the other buildings
of the town.

  Hale wiped his lips with his fingers.

  “Well,” he said steadily, "we did a good
job of that.”

  A small form in white came running to-
ward them. It was Rose.

  “Oh, Dick! Your store—how did it hap-
pen?”

  “There was dynamite in it—it just blew
up,” replied Hale.

  Her eyes fell on Gaston. Even in the
half-darkness he saw the light that leapt
into them, but he looked away, as if it was
something he had no right to see.

  “Oh, Gaston! I’ve heard how you saved

  “Don’t,” he cried hoarsely. “There’s the
man who did it—Hale. His store didn’t
Gaston Olaf

165

just blow up. He blew it up himself, when
there might have been a chance to save it,
because he was too big a man to risk others’
property to save his own.”

  And he hurried back to where men with
buckets were splashing the fringes of the
dying fire.

CHAPTER XXXIV

GASTON BUYS STORE CLOTHES

OF ALL the wild nights that Havens
Falls had known, that was the wild-
est. For when Crew One calmed down suf-
ficiently to count noses, it found that three
more of its members had suflered knife-
wounds fully as serious as those of the man
who had tried to prevent Taggart from
firing the barn.

   Only one result could follow this discov-
ery. The lumberjacks went on the war-
path for revenge. Nothing could stop
them. Gaston knew the breed too well to
try. Before the fire had burned down to
embers they were back on the river front,
red-eyed with hate and fury, roaring their
intentions to revenge the boys who had
been stabbed.

  “Where’s Devil Dave? Where’s that-

Indian?” they demanded. “We’ll show ’em
it’s dangerous to knife boys from Camp
One.”

   Naturally, neither Taggart nor the Indian
was to be found. The jacks began hunting
for other victims. These, likewise, were
hard to find.

  Most of the gang had gone into hiding.
Such as had the hardihood to remain in the
saloons also had the cunning to conceal the
fact that they had taken any share in the
struggle. At rare intervals one of them was
recognized, then there was a beating and a
scurry, and only the strength of arm of the
cooler men prevented a lynching.

   Soon the river-front was cleared of every
one who might be considered a fair object
for vengeance. The tension lessened. Men
began to laugh and slap one another on the
back. The fighting was over; now to cele-
brate it. Crew One rushed up to the bars
and set in to get truly good and drunk.

  A few of the older men, McKenzie lead-
ing them, held back. They even sought to
urge moderation upon the others. As well
seek to whistle down a storm. McKenzie
and his kind, seeing the uselessness of re-

monstrance, went up to the hotel and went
to bed, while the victorious lumberjacks,
freed of all restraint, proceeded to make the
night terrible. They drank like madmen;
they howled like the bob-cats and wolves of
the forest, and they danced.

  Gradually these effervescences ceased.
The dancing and shouting ceased; the affair
degenerated into a frightful drinking con-
test. They did not move from the bars.
Standing stiffly, leaning lazily, or hanging
on with both hands, they stayed by the
rude counters, drinking as often as a glass
was set before them. Presently the weaker
ones began to fall away; the floor became
littered with them; they lay outside sleep-
ing. The terrible liquor of the river-front
laid most of them low, but when daylight
appeared it found a few, stiff-eyed and
sleepy, hanging on to a bar with one hand
while with the other they carried liquor to
their already burnt-out throats.

  In the upper part of town there was
peace and quiet, though few slept. Gaston
organized the men in watches, and himself
kept circling the town all night. With the
woods full of gangsters there was constant
danger that one of them would attempt to
sneak forth and start a new fire. It was
even possible that Taggart might round
them up and make another rush.

  When daylight appeared it found Gaston
swinging briskly around on the patrol which
had occupied him throughout the night. A
feeling of bitterness and defeat came to him
as the rising sun revealed the smoking ruins
of Hale’s store and the barn.

  The charred timbers seemed to grin at
him, reminding him that, in spite of the
overwhelming support of Crew One, Tag-
gart had managed to make good a small
part of his threat.

  “I broke up the gang, but I didn’t get
the old man,” mused Gaston. “Devil Dave
is still fighting, and there’ll be more of this
to come.”

  The store was a total loss. Of the large,
diversified stock which had filled it, a scant
tenth, possibly, had been saved. As Gas-
ton contemplated what was left, he forgot
Taggart and a thrill ran through him at the
memory of Hale’s splendid action in the
crisis.

  “He’s a man,” he said aloud. “Yep; he’s
a real man.”

  He laughed swiftly as he considered how
Taggart’s coup had failed, after all.
166

Adventure

  “Taggart set out to hurt Hale by burning
him out. He burned his store, all right,
but he didn’t hurt him. Not much! He
gave him a chance to show what was in
him. And he’s such a quiet, modest little
fellow you’d never suspect him of being
that big unless he had a chance like this.
Now he’s had his chance. Everybody
knows what he’s made of. People’ll be talk-
ing of this for years to come. They’ll look
up to Hale, and he deserves it. He’ll be
one of the biggest men around here, which
he is. Ha! And Taggart gave him his
chance. The laugh’s on Taggart, after all.”

  Thus mused Gaston as, in the first rays
of the-rising sun, he marched up and down
the street. He had seen a fellow-man put to
the test and meet the test in glorious fash-
ion, and he was glowing with appreciation.

  His own actions of the night he sincerely
considered as nothing in comparison. He
had merely led in a terrific fight, and he was
one of those who begin to hear sweet music
instead of the voice of fear at the approach
of trouble. He considered that he deserved
no credit. Had he been completely success-
ful against Taggart he might have been in-
clined to strut a little. But he had not
been that, quite. The blackened timbers
were reminders that Taggart was not de-
feated.

  “And there’ll be no end of this trouble
till the old man himself is licked.”

  His march had led him to beyond the
post-office at this moment. He stopped and
looked around.

  The rays of the morning sun, topping the
eastern hills, was lighting up the front of
the Havens home, directly before him.
Gaston smiled. The house was very pretty
to his eyes in the morning light. Apparent-
ly its occupants were sleeping soundly. He
thought of Rose as he had left her with
Hale last night, and he was glad he had left
them and had told the truth about Hale’s
store. The better man must win. It must
be a fair game. If Hale was the man for
her, all right.

  He recalled the look she had given him.
Her face, upturned to him, seemed to be
before him. He grew thoughtful. Could he
make her happy, a woman like her? Was
he the man for her?

  He looked down at himself and felt abash-
ed. His shirt was torn into strips, and
through openings were to be seen cuts and
bruises. He looked at his hands; his knuck-

les were raw, and his right thumb was swol-
len and discolored. There was blood on his
red sash and buckskin trousers. No; he
was scarcely the sort of specimen to go
wooing a girl like Rose.

  Gaston waited until smoke began to ap-
pear from chimneys and the town began
to stir. Then he went to the house of the
owner of the settlement’s clothing store and
dragged him forth.

  “Hello!” cried the man. “Just in time
for breakfast.”

  “Thanks. Don’t want any breakfast,”
retorted Gaston. “Come with me to your
store. I want a new outfit.”

  “Something like what you’ve got on, I
s’pose?” said the merchant, when they
reached the store.

  “No, siree, pop!” was the emphatic reply.
“Nothing at all like what I’ve got on. I
want—I want some regular store clothes.”
There was difficulty in fitting him. His
huge shoulders cracked wide open the first
coat he tried on. At last an outfit was as-
sembled. He also purchased a shaving
equipment and towels.

  “Now you’ll come back and have break-
fast with us?” insisted the storekeeper.

  Gaston excused himself. He had some-
thing else to do.

  With his new clothing under his arm, he
slipped out of town and went down the
river till he found a deep, clear pool. The
sun was tinting the stream, and in the pool
the water was like a mirror. Kneeling on
the bank, Gaston leaned over and studied
his reflection in the water. He grinned at
what he saw.

  “You certainly are hard - looking this
morning, boy,” he chuckled, “but so long as
you didn’t get your eyes blacked you can
fix yourself up.”

  With the pool as his mirror he shaved
carefully. Next he stripped and stood poised
for an instant in the sunlight, a figure for a
sculptor to marvel at.

  Into the ice-cold water he dove with
scarcely a splash, and when he came leap-
ing out to rub himself down he was rosy.
He dressed himself in new apparel from feet
to head and stretched himself gingerly, feel-
ing cramped and confined at every joint.

  He was now arrayed in a sober suit of
blue, a soft, white shirt with a loose collar,
solid leather shoes, and a soft, black hat.
The coat pinched him under the arms and,
rubbers and moccasins being his accustomed
Gaston Olaf

167

footwear, the shoes felt stiff and heavy on
his feet.

  With a sigh he tossed his old, torn shirt
out into the current and watched it float
down-stream. The buckskin trousers, sash,
cap and rubber “high-tops” were about to
follow, but he checked himself. When he
presented himself at the room which he and
Tom had taken at the hotel, these articles
were under his arm.

  Tom looked up at his entrance and laugh-
ed uproariously.

  “What in Sam Hill, Gaston Olaf? You—
you got religion?”

  “Oh, no,” said Gaston, tossing his old
clothes into a corner, “I just wanted to find
out how town clothes feel.”

  “Well, how about it; how do they feeli'”

  “Ohr” with a tug at his collar, “I sup-
pose a man can get used to anything.”

CHAPTER XXXV

A QUIET SUNDAY

A FTER the turbulent Saturday night,
Sunday came quiet and peaceful, the
calm succeeding the storm. It was the first
orderly Sunday in the history of Havens
Falls. True, a few of the celebrating lum-
berjacks upon awakening sought the bars
and attempted to resuscitate the corpse
of last night’s orgy, but the attempt fell
fiat.

  Most of the men, in their own words, had
“got enough to last.” Some staggered up
to the hotel to sleep off the ravages of their
celebration; others sought shelter in the
woods for the same purpose.

  A pall hung over the river-front. The
bars were nearly deserted. Where a group
was assembled there was no noise. Some-
thing new had come to the Settlement which
made itself felt even in the foulest corner of
the worst den in the front—law and order,
civilization.

  In a vague, stupid sort of way the gang-
sters realized the coming of these new forces.
That crude line, drawn by Gaston’s foot
across the street, was like a wall unto them.
They scowled and cursed, but they made
no more ebullient statements that the town
was theirs, to do with as they pleased.
They had read the writing on the wall and
were troubled.

  Taggart and Indian Charley had disap-
peared immediately after firing the barn.

  “He looked like he needed a sleep,”
chuckled Tom Pine. “When he’s slept the
liquor out of his head he’ll probably come
back.”

  “Yes,” said Gaston, “he’ll come back
sure.”

  For the present, however, there was noth-
ing to cast a shadow over Havens Falls.
The day was a warm, sunny day in Spring;
the world was covered with new green
things; hundreds of birds sang in the trees;
and it was Sunday.

  True, there were the ruins of Hale’s store
and the barn to remind of what had taken
place the night before. But Havens Falls
was young, and recovered rapidly, and by
noon those same ruins were things to joke
over while wondering if the trout wouldn’t
soon begin biting. There were picnic parties
up on the big hill, and rowing parties up
the river.

  Dr. Sanders and Hulda paddled down-
stream in a birch-bark canoe. When they
returned, Hulda had promised that if he
would stop drinking so much whisky she
would marry him as soon as they could get
a house. It was Hale’s canoe that they
paddled in. Hale had no time to go canoe-
ing that Sunday. He and Lonergan were
busy hiring men and planning to build up
a new store.

  In the middle of the bright afternoon
Gaston gave way to the desire that had
tugged at his heart all morning, and sought
out Rose. He found her starting up the hill
toward the picnic party, and she stood stock
still and marveled at the change in his at-
tire.

  “Well,” he laughed, “do I look civilized?”

  “Yes,” she said seriously, and paused.

  “Even if I don’t act that way, yet?” he
suggested.

  “No. I wasn’t going to say that,” was
her grave reply. “I have heard the men
talking about you. They say that the only
reason why you were able to save the town
was that—that you had acted so—so dar-
ingly-”

  “Recklessly!” he interposed.

  “Early in the evening. It isn’t for me to
judge you. Naturally I thought it was
strange for you to do such a thing imme-
diately after you had promised me that
you’d be careful. But men say it was fine
and big—your fighting; that you are a
great man. I suppose you are a judge of
what was necessary to save the town. You
168

Adventure

did save us, anyhow, I know,” she concluded,
“and—and you do look civilized now.”

  “I am glad of that,” he said gravely. “I
want to be civilized. I want to settle down.
But men are wrong when they say that
fighting was fine and big. It wasn’t. It
was fool recklessness. It turned out lucky,
though, for the town, and the people, and
everything about it, and I’m glad of that.”
They were half-way up the ridge now,
and they stopped and looked back. Below
them the town and its environs lay like a
green map. There lay the Settlement on its
flat in the river bend, a peerless town-site.
Through it curved the rushing La Croix,
lending virility and force to the scene.

  On all hands stretched the fat farming
land, waiting only the plow of the breaker.
The birch gleamed white through the green
note of Spring. It was a good country; it
fairly smiled in the warm afternoon sunlight.

  “Look at it!” cried Gaston, his out-door
senses thrilled by the scene. “Isn’t it
enough to make a man want to throw off
his coat and dig in to help make it fit for
folks to live in? Look at that flat along
the river—miles and miles of it! Think of
what a lot of young couples can find homes
and farms on that! Look at the power in
that river! Can’t you see mills and wood-
factories along it?

  “And there’s the little town. When I
look at it, I don’t see those little shacks
down there; I see a street with brick build-
ings — stores, banks, everything; and
churches, and schools, and fine homes.
Down there’s where the depot will be, and
the trains’ll come swinging around that hog-
back yonder. And preachers, and school-
teachers, and all those kind of people will
come riding in on the train, and the folks
who marry will have a chance to educate
their kids right here. It’s a dream, I know,
but this dream certainly is coming true.”
She cried out, clapping her hands in de-
light at the picture he had drawn.

  “Oh, Gaston! To think there’s all that
in you!”

  He turned swiftly, a hungry look at the
corners of his mouth.

  “Rose—Rose, there’s many sorts of things
in me. More than I know myself, perhaps.
Most of what’s come out so far has been

the rough, wild part-”

  “No, sir! Don’t you say that. I owe
you too much to permit it. It’s been fine—
much of it.”

  “Well, if there is anything fine in me, and

if it has shown, it’s been because of-”

  He checked himself suddenly. He looked
away, out over the town.

  “Rose,” he resumed quietly, “every man
—every white man—wants the fine in him
to come out, if it’s in him. I want it. I
don’t know whether it’s there or not. Some-
times I’m afraid it’s not. A man will be
what his nature makes him. But—Rose,”
he broke off suddenly, “are you engaged to
Hale?”

  “No.” She was cruelly agitated. “He is
my best friend.”

  “He’s a brick! But—nothing else?”
  “No.”

  He tore the top off a pine-bush and
crushed it in his hands.

  “Rose, tell me honestly,” he pleaded
frankly, “what do you think of me?”
“What I—think of you?” She grasped
his arm, drawing him around so he must
meet her eyes. “How can you ask me that,
when you’ve done what you have for me?”
“No, no! Not that. You know what I
mean.”

  Slowly she let go of his arm, and slowly
her eyes went to the ground.

  “Oh, Gaston, Gaston!” she stammered.
“You charm me, you thrill me. You seem
to warm me and waken me when you come
near me, like the morning sun, or like a
fresh south wind in Spring. Yes, you’re like
that. Your smile is like the sun to me, real-
ly. There’s something in me that leaps up
and makes me want to—to go to you. But
there’s something about you that — that
frightens me, too. I don’t know what it is.
Oh, please, please, let’s go on up to the
others.”

  “You bet,” he said, and promptly began
to help her up the hill toward the picnic
party. “But—have I got a chance?”

  She did not reply. Her eyes rose and
met his and fell again. And he knew that
he could win her; that if he persisted she
would come to love him; that he could make
her his own.

CHAPTER XXXVI

SETTLING DOWN

FROM that moment he gravely set to
work to make himself fit to have the
right to claim her. He realized that he had
a difficult task before him. There was Hale,
Gaston Olaf

and Hale was in love with her, and would
make her the kind of husband she deserved.

  She would marry Hale, Gaston knew, if
it were not for himself. And she would be
happy with Hale, too. So he had no right
to think of winning her unless he could make
sure that he would be as good a husband as
Hale. That was his task now: to be the
kind of a man who was fit to marry Rose
Havens. It would be a hard pull; but he
had done many hard things, and his confi-
dence in himself was unbounded. So he set
to work.

  His first move was to call on Jack Mc-
Carthy in the latter’s place that evening.
He had selected McCarthy as the strong
man of the river-front. McCarthy greeted
him quietly and thrust forth a bottle and
two glasses. Gaston pushed them back.
“I’ll have a little water, Jack.”

  Without a word McCarthy filled two
glasses with water.

  “Here’s how?” said he. “Now—shoot.”
“For a start,” began Gaston, “you know
I’ve got no hard feelings against you.
You’re in this business, and that’s all right.
But I’ve been elected to keep order in this
town, and that’s my business. You’re the
leader down here, and that’s why I’m talk-
ing to you. The wild days are over in this
town. Pin that up over your register and
remember it. This gang down here doesn’t
run Havens Falls any longer. We’ve got
the whip-hand up in the other end of town,
and we’ve decided to make the place de-
cent. We aren’t going to interfere with you
unless you interfere with us. There’s a line
up there in the street. You fellows keep
this side of it!

   “Don’t think I’m just talking. It’s seri-
ous. You fellows might tear loose and lick
us once. But we’re here to stay. You can
pass the word to the gang that their day’s
over. This is your side of the line; but
don’t let things get so wild that they spill
over on us. If you do, somebody will have
to leave town—and we’re high man. I’m
telling you this to avoid trouble.”
McCarthy nodded.

   “I’ve seen it coming,” he said. “I’m get-
ting ready to move.”

  Later that night Gaston took Red-Shirt
Murphy a mile down the river road and
pointed down-stream.

  “Good-by, Murphy,” he said. “You’ve
had your day in Havens Falls, but you’re
leaving now. Don’t come back. It

wouldn’t be healthy. Lynching’s too good
for a man who’ll rob a kid; here’s what you
deserve— Hike!”

   Red Shirt’s teeth rattled as Gaston’s right
foot lifted him in the air. The erstwhile
bad man picked himself up hurriedly. Gas-
ton was setting himself for another kick;
Murphy put his head down and ran, out of
sight, and out of Havens Falls.

  Next, Gaston placed the deeds for his
own and Tom Pine’s timber claim in Loner-
gan’s hands. The railroad man added the
land to the holdings of his company. A few
days later he returned from La Croix with
deeds conveying to the two partners the
parcel of land which he had directed Gas-
ton to secure in Havens Falls.

  “Now I feel sure of you,” said Lonergan,
when the last details of the transfer were
completed. “You’ll stick now.”

  “What’s that?”

  “I say you’ll stick here now. Was afraid
you’d quit us and go wandering. Don’t
want you to do it. We need you right here.
Feel sure of you now; a man usually sticks
in the spot where he’s got property.”

  Tom Pine grumbled as he studied the
deeds.

  “Town property,” he growled. “What
have I got to do with things like that? A
piece of timber-land, that’s all right. A
man can build his shack and camp on it if
he wants to. But I ain’t no town real-es-
tater, Gaston Olaf, you know that.”

  “You can sell out pretty soon and get
enough to buy all the timber-land you
want,” replied Gaston. “This is our chance
to make a stake.”

   Tom thought it over for a while.

  “Yep; that’s all right for you, Gaston
Olaf—to make a stake,” he muttered. “But
for me, after it’s made, what am I going to
do with it?”

  Nevertheless Tom Pine followed his lead-
er’s example, and, apparently, was resolved
upon settling down and becoming a perma-
nent resident of Havens Falls. He went to
work for Hale, who, backed by Lonergan,
was rebuilding the store. Tom worked
steadily through the lazy Spring days and
drew only such part of his pay as was neces-
sary for his expenses.

“If I had any loose money in my clothes,
I’d be apt to want to let ’er roar a little,”
he explained, “and Gaston Olaf being mar-
shal, ’twouldn’t be right of me to do that.”
Gaston, finding no immediate call for his
170

Adventure

services as marshal, went to work on the
railroad. Lonergan had started his line
from both ends, and Gaston was placed in
charge of the clearing crew working out of
Havens Falls. He was a very different fore-
man than the one who had driven Tag-
gart’s men so ruthlessly. He worked so-
berly and steadily.

  The line ran out through a forest of birch.
At times, when the white trunks of the
trees glistened in the warm Spring sun,
when the rapidly growing leaves waved laz-
ily in the slight breeze, and a dozen varieties
of birds made the woods alive with their
songs and plumage, he was moved to leap
into the air and shout from sheer joy of liv-
ing. He didn’t do it, however. At such
times he thought of what he was working
for, and with tightly pressed lips seriously
went on with his duties.

  There was only one thing to worry him
now. Taggart had sobered up and had re-
turned to his office, as cold and masterful
apparently as ever. It was his busy sea-
son. His drives were behind the booms,
and he was occupied with the work of turn-
ing the Winter’s harvest into money.

  Gaston agreed with his associates not to
trouble Taggart so long as he did not
trouble them. He did not for an instant
fancy that Taggart had dropped the feud.
He kept his skin whole in those days only
by his unflagging vigilance, and by showing
Taggart and his men that he was not to be
caught off his guard. The strain brought
new fines about his mouth. What new dev-
iltry was Taggart planning? When would
he show it, and how?

  Gaston’s natural impulse was to rush to
meet Taggart face to face and have it over
with, one way or another, in one final clash.
He held his peace, however, a trying thing
for him to do with an enemy in sight. His
natural impulses were under complete con-
trol—for the time being.

CHAPTER XXXVII

A STORM BREWING

TAGGART’S old gang had been thor-
oughly broken up. A few of its mem-
bers, who had taken only a small part in the
memorable night fight, came drifting back,
carefully feeling out the ground and ready
to flee at the first sign of hostility.

The fight had been taken out of them.

Craven at heart, they saw that power in the
settlement had passed from Taggart to the
decent element, and they sought at once to
curry favor with the latter. Here, however,
they met rebuffs.

  Gaston pointed to the line he had drawn
in the street.

  “You made your choice that night,” he
reminded them. “Get back where you be-
long. Nobody will trust you up here. We
won’t bother you if you don’t bother us, but
—you’re not wanted.”

  The leaders of the gang followed Mur-
phy’s example and did not return. The
gangsters who had come back hung meekly
around the river-front, and law and order
were undisturbed in Havens Falls.

  “Pretty dull, ain’t it, Gaston Olaf?” com-
mented Tom Pine one Saturday evening as
they sat before the hotel and looked down
toward the river-front. “ ’Member how it
used to be on a Sat’day night, down there?
Now—why, you can’t scare up enough ex-
citement to start a sweat.”

  “Don’t want to start any excitement,”
retorted Gaston. “This is just the way we
want it, nice, quiet and orderly.”

  Tom Pine heaved a sigh.

  “Yes; but it gets darn good and dull
sometimes, you’ll admit me that, Gaston
Olaf?”

  “I’ll admit nothing of the sort,” was the
reply. “This is the way I want things; I’ve
worked to make things this way; don’t want
any foolish excitement any more. Besides,”
his eyes lighted up, “there’ll be plenty of
excitement before long. Taggart isn’t go-
ing to lay quiet much longer.”

  “Taggart? Hm, hm. What about Tag-
gart, Big Fellow?”

  Dr. Sanders, coming to see Hulda, stop-
ped for a moment’s chat. Gaston repeated
his remark. The doctor shook his head.

  “Hm, hm. Don’t agree with you, Gas-
ton. Old Devil Dave is a bear, sure enough,
but he isn’t exactly mad with the heat. No
one man is going to try to buck a whole
settlement by himself, and Taggart’s gang
is gone—busted.”

  “But the old man isn’t,” insisted Gaston.
“He’ll bear a lot of watching yet. The old
gang is gone, sure; but there’s nothing to
keep him from getting another.”

  The doctor passed on inside, and Tom
Pine lighted his pipe and went for a stroll.
After a while Gaston rose and went down
the street to the river-front.
Gaston Olaf

171

  As he passed McCarthy’s he glanced
through the open door and stopped in sur-
prise. McCarthy was not in sight. Where
he was accustomed to stand on Saturday
nights stood a heavy, crop-headed man with
the flat face and figure of a Slav. Impelled
by curiosity Gaston entered. New bartend-
ers, of the same type as the man in front,
were behind the bar. The crowd, likewise,
was different, squat, flat-faced foreigners,
talking in a strange, guttural tgngue.

  “Hullo, Boss,” greeted Gaston, “where’s
McCarthy?”

  “Gone ’way,” was the guttural response.
“Dis place mine now.”

  Gaston recalled what McCarthy had said
about getting ready to move.

  “You’ve bought McCarthy out?”

  “Yess. An’t’ing elsse you want know?”

  A snicker ran around the crowd. Gaston,
looking at their flat evil faces, saw they were
regarding him with sneers. Anger flared up
within him. Hot words sprang to his
tongue; but he caught himself in time.

  “No; that’s all,” he said patiently and
turned to go.

  The proprietor followed him to the door.
  “I hear ’bout you. You run diss town,

hah? By-! You won’ run Jan Ulnick’s

place. Jan Ulnick, Polska Saloon, see?
Dat’s wha’ diss goin’ be. Polish manns
goin’ work for Bahss Taggar’. See? Bahss
tell us all ’bout you. You tink you want to
monk’ with us, hah? We don’ stand dat,
see?”

  “I see,” replied Gaston, and hurried to
get himself away before his rage could mas-
ter him.

  He went at once to Lonergan, who was
in town, and told what he had discovered.
Lonergan had an old Pole in the crew at
that end of the line, a man who had been
with him for years and whom he could trust.
This man he sent to mingle with the crowd
at McCarthy’s old place and learn all he
could. The old man returned within an
hour, shaking his head.

  “It is Jan Ulnick, the bad saloon-keeper
from over on the Iron Range,” he reported.
“The men with him are bad men, miners
who would not work, who are driven out of
the mines. Ulnick had a bad place over
there. He is driven out by the sheriff, and
these men with him. Taggart sends for
them. He tells them this is a place they
can do as they please in, no sheriff, nobody
to stop them—if they do not let the people

  here bluff them. He tells them the people
here are great bluffers, but they are afraid
of bad, strong men. Ulnick buys out Mc-
Carthy. Taggart promises the rest work.
Other bad saloon-keepers and men are com-
ing from the Range. They say nobody had
better monkey with them.”

  Lonergan looked silently at Gaston as
the old man finished his story, and Gaston
looked back. The railroad man shook his
head.

   “Our friend Taggart is a great man,” said
he, “great general, great politician, great or-
ganizer—gone wrong.”

  “I knew he was about due to make a
move,” said Gaston. “But I never looked
for this.”

  “He couldn’t have made a better one,
from his point of view,” continued Loner-
gan. “He knows that he could never get
another gang of white men around him here.
They’ve all heard of what happened to the
old gang. You’ve busted the old man’s
grip. He had to get hold of a crew that
didn’t know what had happened here, and
wouldn’t understand if they did. These ig-
norant, pig - faced Hunyaks fill the bill.
Taggart is himself again.”

  “He’s a fox and a wolf,” admitted Gas-
ton. “We’re too strong for him now,
though.”

  Lonergan scratched his head dubiously.
“I dunno about that, Thorson. Of
course, Taggart’s out for one kind of game,
you understand that?”

   “The first job he’ll set these Hunyaks at
is to put me out of business,” agreed Gas-
ton quietly. •

  “Yes. And if they succeed in doing that
—well, you know what it will look like:
Taggart will be Big Chief again, and God
help Havens Falls!”

  “That’s it. And that’s why I’m not go-
ing to take any chances.”

  “What’s your program, Thorson?”

  “Keep out of their way as much as pos-
sible. Leave them alone if they leave us
alone. B ut if they get so bad we can’t stand
’em-”

  He stopped abruptly with a snap of his
teeth and stood looking with flashing eyes
toward the river-front.

  “Then what?”

  Gaston’s teeth gleamed white as he
smiled.

  “Law and order,” said he. “Law and
order forever!”
172

Adventure

  Tom Pine heaved a sigh of relief when he
heard of the new situation.

  “Then there’ll be something happening,”
said he contentedly. “Hunyaks are lambs
when they’re alone, but wolves when you
get ’em in a pack. They’ll be trying to run
us out. Nacherly, we won’t go. There’ll
be some excitement then. We need it.
Things have been mighty dull.”

  In the next few days it developed that
Lonergan’s man had reported the situation
correctly. One by one the old saloon-keep-
ers of the front sold out, and men of Ul-
nick’s type took their places. The dives
and the dance-hall changed hands last of
all. There was a complete change in the
personnel of the front. The newcomers
brought women with them. The river-front
was in their hands and under Ulnick’s lead-
ership.

  Save for this threatening change, Havens
Falls would have been gloriously content
with itself during those bright days of
Spring. It was experiencing the first thrill
of a boom, and the optimism of a boom-
town was its to a considerable degree.

  That a railroad was being built up to the
settlement was in itself enough to start the
enthusiasm. Settlers began to come in;
merchants followed them. The rattle of
hammers echoed ceaselessly throughout the
warm days. Houses were thrown up swift-
ly. Lots were staked out and sold, build-
ing lots, where a few weeks before rabbits
had romped undisturbed.

  Plans were made to apply for a city char-
ter, to build a school and a church. Hale’s
new stock came in by the wagon-load. Had
it not been for the new crowd in the river-
front the settlement would have whooped
with joy.

  The river-front grew more threatening
day by day. Taggart was discharging all
his old men and replacing them with for-
eigners. These men grew more and more
insolent toward the townspeople.

  Then one day it became known that Tag-
gart had started drinking again. Nobody
was surprised. Having by choice surround-
ed himself with a swinish crew, he proceeded
to sink himself to their level. Gaston knew
that the inevitable clash would come before
Taggart was over this spree.

  “Inevitable, hm, hm, inevitable that he’d
do that,” commented Dr. Sanders. “In-
stincts all wrong, you know. Whisky and
women; he can’t rise above them. The

whisky has been getting him, too, this last
year. His debauches have been a little, hm,
hm,' a little too inhuman even for him to
stand. Nerves torn to pieces; system cry-
ing periodically for excesses, each one worse
than the last. He’ll go to pieces; had the
willies a couple times. Go to pieces sure;
likely to do damage when he does.”

  One quiet evening the doctor, visiting
Hulda at the hotel, was sent for to come
down to one of the dives. His patient was
an unfortunate woman; her thin, miserable
arm had been broken above the elbow by a
blow. In a corner of the room sat Taggart,
holding a broken whisky bottle by the neck,
leering insanely, his eyes popping, his head
jerking about helplessly.

  “Fix her up, Doc; want to teach her
’nother lesson,” he sneered. “Teach ’em all
lessons. I’m king here—flwn ’em—body ’n’
soul.”

  Dr. Sanders, the professional instinct up-
permost, before he left the place spoke once
to Taggart.

  “Taggart, as a physician, I must warn
you: if you continue this spree any longer
you’re as good as dead.”

  “Wrong, Doc; dead wrong,” sneered Tag-
gart promptly. “Another man’ll die of it;
not me. His name’s Thorson. I’ll show
’im. He’s the one who’s good as dead.”
Gaston tightened his lips as Dr. Sanders
told him of this.

  “It’ll come now; he’ll run wild, like a mad
dog,” said he. “Well, the sooner the better.”
Tom Pine likewise grew serious as he
heard the doctor repeat Taggart’s words.

  “That means the old devil’s set a trap for
you, Gaston Olaf.”

  “Sure.”

  “And he’s got them Hunyaks with him
this time—too many of ’em.”

  “Sure again.”

  There was a long silence. Dr. Sanders
stroked his beard nervously; Gaston sat
looking at the ground. At last Tom Pine
rose casually, clearing his throat.

  “Guess I’ll go for a little walk before
turning in,” he said, striving to speak care-
lessly, but his effort betrayed him.

  “You’ve walked enough today,” said Gas-
ton, catching him by the arm. “Sit down.
Don’t you go starting a little war against
Taggart by yourself. I’ve told you that
doesn’t go any more here.”

  “It’s the easiest way, Gaston Olaf,” pro-
tested Tom. “He’s raving with liquor now.
Gaston Olaf

173

He’d try to get me on first sight. Then it’d
be all over in two shakes of a doe’s tail, and
those Hunyaks would be easy to handle
with the old man gone.”

  “It doesn’t go,” repeated Gaston firmly.
“No,” agreed Dr. Sanders with a sigh,
“it doesn’t go. Law and order. Hm, hm.
We can’t break the law.”

  There was more silence.

  “No use telling anybody what he said
about me,” said Gaston finally. “It
wouldn’t do any good, and it might cause
some worry.”

  As they were about to part, Dr. Sanders
hung back, tugging at his beard, and with
many hm, hm’s, indicating that something
was on his mind.

  “Out with it, Doc,” said Gaston.
“What’s troubling you?”

  “Well — hm, hm — you know, I’d like
things to run along for the next week or so
without any trouble. We’re going to get
married, the girl and myself, a week from
today. She’d feel a lot better, you know, if
things went along smooth and safe at this
time.”

  “Well?”

  “Hm, hm. I’m pretty sure I know a way
out of this without any trouble for the pres-
ent, Thorson.”

  “What is it?”

  “This: Taggart is going to pieces rapid-
ly. He’s sure to be laid up a while at least
after this awful spree. He can’t do any-
thing then. If the trouble doesn’t come
while he’s on this drunk, it may not come
at all. Anyhow it’ll be delayed.”

  “Go on.”

  “Well, the way his crazy mind is running
now, it’s only you that he’s really after. If
you weren’t here—if you should go out of
town until this spree puts Taggart on his

back-”

  But Gaston clouded up darkly.

  “No, sir!” he snapped. “I left town once
on account of Taggart. I won’t do it again.
Don’t ask it. This time one of us is going
away for good.”

CHAPTER XXXVIII

“wait, gaston!”

Z"' ASTON sat alone for a long time after
the doctor had gone. So Sanders and
Hulda were going to get married. The
carefree, sport-loving bachelor had met his

fate. In the quiet blue eyes of Hulda he
had found something that was more to him
than his whisky-bottle, more than his bach-
elorhood, more than all the wild freedom of
the life he hitherto had led.

  The doc was going to settle down. He
had given up the whisky altogether. Sam-
son no longer ruled in the back room. The
doctor had ceased to volunteer his services
as referee at every fight that came within
his ken. He had substituted sober, pro-
fessional black for his gaudy waistcoats, and
he was building a house for himself and
Hulda.

  Gaston smiled as he contemplated the
change that had come over the doctor in the
last few weeks. He was sensible that he had
come to regard Sanders in a different light.
At first he had merely liked him as a good
fellow; now he respected him as a physician
and as a man.

  So the doctor and Hulda were to marry.
And they would settle down in the house
they were building. They would have a
home. Children would come to them; the
doctor would know the sober thrill of hold-
ing in his arms his first-born, flesh of his
flesh, bone of his bone. As the town grew
the doctor’s practise would grow. He would
be a big man, settled and all that, with his
woman at his side.

  Lucky doctor! He had found content-
ment, even happiness. Gaston began to
dream. His quick imagination pictured
himself in the doctor’s place. He saw Rose
moving about him—about their home—
tripping lightly on her tiny feet, her face
alight with joy. Was there anything better
in the world than that?

  “Whip - er - will; whip-er-will; whip - er-
will!” suddenly cried a whippoorwill down
by the river.

  Startled, Gaston looked in its direction.
He saw the river-front, red with lights,
heard a sudden shout of drunken song, and
his brow clouded.

  “Better have that settled before you be-
gin planning,” he told himself. “You may
not be here to plan after that’s over.”

  To rid himself of these dark thoughts he
rose and walked up to where Dr. Sanders
was building his new home. To his surprise
he saw that the house was less than half
finished. It would be impossible at the rate
it was going to have it completed by the
day set for the wedding.

  “Huh! That isn’t right,” he mused.
174

Adventure

“The doc and Hulda ought to have their
own house ready to move into!” A gleam
of amusement crossed his face. The dark
thoughts were forgotten. “Yes, by Jupi-
ter! and they’re going to have it, too,” he
said and went home to bed smiling boyishly.

  Next morning he broached his idea to
Hale.

  “We owe it to the doc,” he explained.
“He’s a good fellow. We’ll give ’em a build-
ing-bee and have the house all ready for
them.”

  Hale promptly fell in with the idea.

  “The store can wait,” he said, and turned
himself and his builders over to the new
project.

  Gaston explained to Lonergan why he
would leave the crew for a week.

  “Sure,” said Lonergan. “Need any more
men?”

  Dr. Sanders rubbed his eyes when he
came forth to inspect the progress of his
building.

  “Hm, hm! What’s this, what’s this?” he
demanded.

  Gaston, in the act of lifting a rafter into
place, laughed down at him.

  “Tom Pine and I want your old shack,”
he said, “so we’ve decided to get this one
finished for you in a hurry.”

  “Hm, hm. All right,” said the doctor.
“Do the same for you some time.”

  The finishing of the doctor’s house be-
came a lark for the whole settlement. Other
building stopped for the time being while
the builders devoted themselves to the
building-“bee.” From the rapidly growing
structure rose a constant rat-tat-tat of ham-
mers, punctuated by the jests and laughter
of the crowd of workers. As they worked
they considered the situation seriously.

  “The doc was fig’ring on a quiet wedding,
but that won’t do,” said one enthusiast.
“Now that we’ve started on it we might’s
well do it up brown. Let’s make it a holi-
day, and everybody lay off and give ’em a
send-off that’ll do the town proud.”

  The idea was greeted with acclamation.
It was the first wedding of importance in
the settlement, and the pioneers determined
to make it a memorable event. The work
on the house went on with increased speed.

  Two days before the day set for the wed-
ding Gaston climbed to the peak of the roof
and fastened a small flag, donated by Post-
master Perkins, to the tin chimney. The
crowd gathered before the house, compris-

ing every man, woman and child of the re-
spectable portion of Havens Falls, waved
hats and handkerchiefs and cheered lustily.
The house was finished and ready for the
doctor and Hulda to occupy.

  As Gaston came clambering down from
the roof he met Rose leading a corps of wo-
men into the building. Some carried
brooms, others carried curtains, plants, car-
pet pieces and other articles of furniture and
decoration.

  “Your job is done here, Mr. Man,” she
said gaily. “Now the ladies come on the
scene to beautify the labor of men’s hands.”
“That’s what they always do,” he re-
plied. “Men can’t do anything but put up
the bare walls; it’s you women who make a
home out of a place.”

  “Of course. But a woman can’t make a
home unless there’s a man to do the build-
ing. You see, we’re dependent on each
other.”

  “Yes. And each has got to be depend-
able.” He looked the house over. “The
doctor and Hulda will be happy here, all
right; they’re both the dependable kind.”
Rose laughed, a trifle mischievously.
“Certainly they’ll be happy. Hulda’s
started mothering him already, and the doc-
tor is the kind of man who needs and likes
to be mothered. Oh, yes; they’ll be happy.
Hulda’ll be the boss in a month; and Dr.
Sanders knows it and is glad of it.”

  Gaston gazed at her, wide-eyed with ad-
miration.

  “That’s so. I can see it, now that you’ve
spoken of it. How did you know it? Can
you read all men like that?”

  “No.” She grew serious. “No, some
men a woman can’t read at all. It’s all
plain in the doctor’s case; he—he’s just a
nice, ordinary man.”

  “Some men aren’t—nice and ordinary?”
“Aren’t ordinary,” she corrected. “They
—oh, I don’t know. Gaston,” she said,
looking straight at him, “I wonder if I will
ever know you. You’re so full of surprises.
One day I think of you as fierce—no, not
that—as restless and reckless. Sort of a
wild, strange spirit. And then you do
something sweet and pretty, like getting
this house finished, so they’ll have their own
home to move into when they’re married.
What a jolly idea that was!”

  “I like to see folks have homes,” he said
lamely.

  “Yes. I know you do.”
Gaston Olaf

175

  “I want a home of.jny own,” he whis-
pered hoarsely.

  She looked at him tenderly for a moment.
“Gaston,” she said softly, “are you sure
that you do? Are you sure that you want
that more than—your freedom? For you
know—you know you can not have them
both.”

  “I am sure—” he began, but checked
himself. He hesitated, his eyes on the

ground. “If I was sure, Rose-”

  “But you’re not, Gaston!” she whispered
haltingly. “You’re not! I can see it.
You’re not sure yet; you know you’re
not.”

  Within him he felt an all but uncontrol-
lable impulse to reply firmly that, yes, he
was sure. The impulse sprang from the very
roots of his being. It cried out to him to
swear that he was sure, to dominate her, to
make her believe it was so, to take her for
his own.

  His lips even opened to utter the words.
He trembled, and for an instant his blue
eyes were clouded with the agony of his
struggle. The selfishness of the young male
rose strong in him. He wanted her so much,
and, whispered impulse, it would be so easy
to convince her that he was sure; it would
even be easy to convince himself.

  His lips were parted; the words came
rushing to his tongue; and then he clicked
his jaws together and threw up his head.
His eyes were clear again now, and some-
thing finer than yearning, something finer
even than the light of love itself, was gleam-
ing in the deep blue of them.

  “Rose—” his voice was normal and
steady again—“I don’t know whether I am
sure.”

  She nodded gravely.

  “I knew you weren’t sure, Gaston. I
could feel it.”

  “When I am sure, do you think you could
feel that, too?”

  Again she nodded.

  “If ever you are sure, I think I would
feel that, too.”

  “ ‘If’? Then you don’t think-”

  She turned away without reply.

  “If I do come to know that I’m sure,” he
persisted, “and you feel it, what then?”

  She turned back and looked at him for a
long time.

   “Gaston,” she said, “I like you, and I like
Dick Hale. But you are trying to make me
more than like you. Oh, Gaston! You

mustn’t talk to me like this unless you be-
come sure of yourself.”

  “Forgive me,” he whispered penitently.
“I’ll never speak another word of it—unless
I’m sure I have the right.”

  She held out her hand impulsively.
“Shake!” she said, smiling. “Now I must
get to work.”

  As she turned to join the other women,
Hale came up, his arms filled with rolls of
wall-paper. Rose eagerly tore open a roll
to look at the pattern.

  “Oh, Dick!” she cried. “What perfect
taste you’ve got! Such a dainty blue, and
those tiny flowers! Won’t it make their sit-
ting-room perfectly darling!”

  They went inside, Rose fairly skipping
with eagerness while Hale smiled patiently.
Gaston, looking after them, smiled also; but
he only did so because it was natural for
him to smile when he was hit hard.

  “Come on, Thorson,” called a man from
behind the house, and Gaston roused him-
self. “Where are we going to build the
dance floor?”

  That was another idea which the settle-
ment had conceived to aid in celebrating
the wedding. They were going to have a
dance, of course. What would a wedding
be without a dance? An orchestra was to
be brought up from La Croix, not merely a
couple of fiddlers, but a real orchestra, in-
cluding horns and a trap-drummer.

  It would be a celebration to attract
such a crowd as never yet had been known
north of La Croix. Would there be room
for everybody to dance in the doctor’s new
house? Obviously there would not be.
Thus it was resolved to splurge and lay
down an outdoor dancing-floor which would
send the fame of Havens Falls flying broad-
cast throughout the woods.

  The men turned from the building of the
house to the laying of the floor. While some
put down the boards others went into the
swamp and cut a wagon-load of small ever-
green trees. These were fastened upright
around the floor, enclosing it in four odor-
ous green walls.

  To further embellish the scene, Postmas-
ter Perkins brought forth a roll of old bunt-
ing. The boys cheered. It reminded them
of the Fourth of July.

  On the night before the wedding it was
all complete. The house was ready for oc-
cupancy; the orchestra was in town; the
floor was in shape. Hale had gone to La
176

Adventure

Croix to drive the minister up in the morn-
ing, and it awaited only the morning for
the celebration to begin.

  “Well,” said Gaston, as he and Tom Pine
quit work that evening, “I’m surprised they
let us get that done without a hitch.”

  Tom whistled.

  “You mean those Hunyaks and Taggart?
You been thinking about them, tod?”

  “I couldn’t hardly forget them, could I?
They’ve been noisy enough every night.
They’ve left us strictly alone, though, and
that looks bad. Taggart must have been
holding ’em in, though he’s plumb crazy
from drinking. If he has, it’s only been for
one thing.”

  “Tomorrow, you mean, Gaston Olaf?”
“Yes, it would be like the old devil to
save his worst stroke for a day like tomor-
row.”

  Tom Pine grew thoughtful. He retired
early to his room. From the window of the
room he could look down the river-front
from end to end.

  Tom carefully oiled his rifle and Gaston’s,
tried levers and triggers, loaded the maga-
zines to the brim, and went to bed. In the
morning he complained of excruciating pains
in his left leg, alleging that he had strained
it the day before. Besides, his rheumatism
always bothered him that time of the year,
he said. It would be necessary, he declared,
for him to keep to his bed most of the day,
lest the trouble become aggravated.

  Gaston laughed, knowing well Tom’s dis-
like for conventional festivities and recog-
nizing a subterfuge. But Tom had moved
his bed so he could lie on it and look out of
the window upon the river-front.

CHAPTER XXXIX

TAGGART STRIKES

THE day of the wedding dawned clear,
cool and sunny. A slight breeze, blow-
ing from the woods toward the river, car-
ried over the town the many fresh odors of
northern woods in the full bloom of early
Summer. There was the odor of balsam in
the air, and of budding tamaracks and
spruce.

  Up from the swamp came the smell of
cowslips and yellow - headed water - lilies,
while from the sunny sides of the surround-
ing hills there came drifting down the gen-
tle odor of dying woods violets, which in

spots covered the ground like a carpet. Up
above, against the sky, tiny specks of white
clouds shared with a pair of lazily soaring
hawks in the vast blue dome of the heav-
ens. The birds of the forest, with no clat-
ter of hammering to alarm them, drew near,
and in the stillness of the morning their
clear notes ringed the settlement around
with song. It was a day when the whole
world seemed glad and filled with young life
—a day fit for the wedding of a Hulda.

  The people of the settlement, and their
visitors, appeared early, dressed for the oc-
casion. Postmaster Perkins was solemnly
gorgeous in ancient swallow-tailed coat, high
leather boots, hickory shirt and wide-brim-
med G. A. R. hat. Lonergan even went
further—he wore a new suit of black, a stiff
shirt and collar!

  From these extremes of fashion the ap-
parel of the men ranged to the fringed buck-
skin shirts and trousers of the trappers who
had come in from the woods for the occa-
sion. Most of the women and girls man-
aged to display something new in the way
of dress, sash or ribbon. Some of the girls
were spick-and-span in white dresses with
wide blue sashes. A few Indians waddled
stolidly about in blankets and moccasins.

  The wedding was set for “high noon,” as
the editor at La Croix wrote in his next
week’s issue. After the ceremony, dinner
was to be served, and then the dancing was
to begin.

  In the private recesses of Olson’s Hotel,
Rose and other women had Hulda prepared
for the event an hour before the time set.
It was with difficulty that Hulda was re-
strained from doing her share of the work
about the hotel that morning. Only after
she saw that neighbors were efficiently as-
sisting her mother, did she agree to “sit like
a loafer,” as she expressed it.

  When fully dressed for her wedding Hul-
da’s appearance threw her attendants into
ecstasies of delight. Of all the women pres-
ent she was the only one serene and undis-
turbed. Even in stiffly starched white, and
laced to within an inch of her life, the mag-
nificent freedom of her body was untram-
melled. The red and cream of her com-
plexion was a trifle heightened by excite-
ment; her steady blue eyes were serene with
happiness and triumph; down her back two
thick braids of yellow-golden hair fell be-
low her waist. At times she blushed slight-
ly-
Gaston Olaf

177

  In the doctor’s bachelor quarters Dr.
Sanders, in the hands of Gaston and Loner-
gan, sat fully dressed, waiting for the noon
hour with all the serenity and composure of
a man about to be hanged for stealing sheep.
To further his comfort his two companions
assured him that the agony of waiting was
nothing compared to what he would ex-
perience during the ceremony.

  “Wait until you get up there before the
minister with everybody looking at you,”
encouraged Gaston. “Then you’ll have
something to get cold sweats about.”

  The doctor retorted with an old shoe,
which Gaston ducked laughingly.

  Lonergan looked at his watch.

  “Hello! Ten minutes after eleven. Hale
and the preacher are about due.”

  “Maybe they’ll be late; maybe some-
thing’s happened; maybe they can’t come.”
The doctor grasped at the straws eagerly.

  “Oh, no,” Gaston assured him. “Noth-
ing’s happened. Hale will be here on time.
You can’t escape. A few minutes more now
and we’ll be leading you out where the
crowd can get one last, fond look at you.”
Dr. Sanders swung to the window,
glanced out and retreated.

  “Whew! Everybody in town’s ready and
waiting. Regular mob. Hm, hm. You’d
think they’d never seen a wedding the way
they’re waiting—think it was a show.”

  “It is,” chuckled Gaston. “Take my
word for it, Doc, you’ll be a show all by
yourself.”

  “It’s an almighty quiet crowd,” said Lon-
ergan speculatively. “The boys are stay-
ing away from the saloons.”

  “They all like doc and respect the trouble
he’s going through.”

  “Quiet down in the river-front, too.
Wonder if they’re doing that because there’s
a little decency left in ’em?”

  “What time is it?” cried the doctor petu-
lantly. “Darn it! Why doesn’t Hale show
up? Said he’d be here about eleven, didn’t
he? If he’s coming, why doesn’t he come
and have it over with?”

  A number of women passed the office, go-
ing toward the new house.

  “They’re beginning to assemble in your
honor, Doc,” laughed Gaston. “Your time
draws nigh. All we’re waiting for now is
the preacher.”

  “Maybe he won’t come,” insisted the doc-
tor hopefully. “Maybe we’ll have to put it
off.”

  They sat in silence for a while. Again
Lonergan looked at his watch.

  “Twenty minutes after eleven,” he said.
“They’ll be here now, or something’s hap-
pened.”

  Gaston and the railroad builder stepped
outside and looked down the street. The
road from La Croix ran along the river;
Hale and the minister would have to
drive through the river-front when they
came.

  “Not in sight yet,” said Lonergan.

  “It’s a warm morning for fast driving,”
said Gaston. “Hale’s a sensible man; he
won’t kill his horses, but he’ll have the
preacher here on time.”

  Lonergan nodded. The river-front as
they looked at it was deserted. Not a man
was in sight, and no noise came from the
open doors.

  “Say! They’re behaving themselves
down there today, aren’t they?” said Lon-
ergan.

  Gaston did not reply. His eyes suddenly
had narrowed to slits. That quiet down
there wasn’t natural. It was too good to
be true. Gaston’s quick senses had caught
the unusual silence and read it for the un-
natural calm that is prelude to a storm.

  “It’s too good, Lonergan,” he began.
Then, “Hello! There they come!”

  Hale’s buggy had swung out of the tim-
ber and was approaching the river-front.
The horses were trotting easily; Gaston
could make out the pale face of the minis-
ter beside Hale. They were passing the first
saloon in the row now. And then the peace
of the river-front was broken.

  With one single shout, as a signal, there
sprang from each side of the street a dozen
men. They caught the horses by the head
ere Hale could reach his whip. They threw
themselves onto the buggy.

  It was only a matter of seconds. Then
the frightened team was coming up the
street on the jump, Hale rolling uncon-
scious on the seat, and the men of the river-
front were rushing back into their lowest
dive, bearing the struggling figure of the
minister with them.

  “God!” cried Lonergan.

  Gaston uttered no sound. He threw him-
self upon the maddened horses as they came
tearing up, and with Lonergan’s help soon
had them quieted.

  “Good God!” cried men as they came run-
ning up.

12
i78

Adventure

GASTON said not a word. He
dropped his hold on the horses the
instant other hands came to help.
He looked not at Hale, who lay senseless
with a cut on the side of his head; he paid
no attention to the crowd gathering about
him. With one tug he tore open his collar,
to give room to his swelling throat. He
was panting through his nose, his lips closed.

  A double-bitted ax leaned against the
doctor’s cabin. With his berserk rage vent-
ing itself in one shrill cry, Gaston seized
the gleaming tool and seemed to fly over
the ground straight toward the door of the
dive where the minister had been captured.

  “Good God! He’s going alone!” cried a
young man and, empty-handed, started af-
ter him; he was Erik, the boy who had been
beaten by the pugilist, and afterward had
worked in Gaston’s crew on the right-of-
way.

  “Come back, Thorson!” cried Lonergan.

  It would have been too late, even if Gas-
ton could have been halted then.

  They were waiting for him down at the
river-front. The mind that had directed
this scheme had expected that Gaston would
be in the van of those to rescue the minis-
ter.

. “He’s gone!” groaned Lonergan.

  Gaston was passing McCarthy’s old place.
In the doorway appeared the bull-necked
Ulnick, shot-gun in hand. He laughed as he
deliberately cocked both barrels. He had a
cigar in his mouth; his face was devilish with
triumph as he raised the gun toward his
shoulder. And the next instant he lay face
downward on his own door-step, shot
through the temples, dead.

  Tom Pine had not remained in his room
in vain. He had not been able to save the
minister: that had come too quickly, too
unforeseen. But he had witnessed the as-
sault on the buggy, had seen the minister
borne away, and he knew what would fol-
low. He had seen Gaston go flying down
the street, and his rifle was cocked and
ready, covering the river-front as a deer-
hunter covers the range before him when
the game is about to jump.

  Ulnick’s was the first menacing figure to
show in any doorway, and Tom Pine threw
down on him and fired with the sure, easy
aim of the old-timer.

  Before Ulnick’s body had struck the
ground, Tom had jacked in a new cartridge
and fired again. A man with a revolver had

thrust his head out of the dance-hall, and
Tom’s bullet passed through his jaw and
splintered a window.

  Then crack, crack, crack! The river-front
suddenly had a bath of lead. Into every
door Tom sent his bullets, the shots coming
so rapidly that it seemed that several men
must be firing. Glass flew in splinters. A
third man, sticking his head out of a door,
was down on the floor, a bullet-hole through
his cheek. The screams of the two wound-
ed men supplemented the rattle of shots
and the crash of glass.

  From the dance-hall a revolver cracked.
The bullet flew past Gaston’s head. Be-
hind him Erik grunted in surprised fashion
and sank down with his hands held to his
breast.

  Tom riddled the dance - hall in reply.
Shrieks and curses came forth, but no more
shots.

  The river - front was a pandemonium.
Women began to leave their dives and run
for the woods. Not a man showed himself.
Suddenly the minister came rolling out of
the dive into the street, thrown out by the
terrified men who had captured him. Their
plans had gone awry; the terribly accurate
shooting of Tom Pine had tamed them; they
were eager to do anything that might stop
that devilish rain of lead.

  Gaston stopped before the dance - hall.
His blood-rage had passed; he saw things
clearly. In the fight which must ensue, if
he rushed the dance-hall, the minister would
surely get hurt; possibly be killed, and the
wedding would have to be postponed. He
looked through the bullet-shattered door.
What he saw inside there caused him to
pick the minister up under one arm and
deliberately turn back. Behind him Tom’s
bullets ripped the doors of the hall to splin-
ters.

  A crowd was coming to help by this time.
Men had reached Erik and were carrying
him away.

  “Get back, boys!” roared Gaston. “Get
back and get ready. We’re going down
there again, but we’re going to be ready for
them when we do.”

  He put the minister down and pleaded
and fought with the crowd, and turned it
back.

  “Back, boys! Get to cover! We’ve got
the minister now; the wedding needn’t be
delayed. And we’ll get ’em down there
when we’re ready.”
Gaston Olaf

179

  In a few seconds he had prevailed. The
minister had been rushed into the hotel;
Erik, sorely wounded, was lying in the doc-
tor’s office; and Gaston himself had shown
an example and was safely behind cover.

  Up in his room Tom Pine sighed with relief.
It was about time. He had kept the river-
front indoors, but now both rifles were empty.

CHAPTER XL

THE END OF DEVIL DAVE

npHE quiet that settled suddenly down
upon the settlement then was terri-
ble. It lay like a pall in the air, snuffing
out the life and gaiety that had prevailed a
moment before. Men moved about silent-
ly, their eyes hard. A child cried suddenly
somewhere, a door slammed; then it was
still again.

  Men looked at each other and parted
without a word. They gathered their wo-
men and children from the street, from
about the hotel, the dance-floor and the
doctor’s new house, and grimly carried them
to their homes.

  “Stay indoors,” they said and returned
to the crowd gathered in the shelter of the
doctor’s office.

  No time this for the women to wail and
plead against rash action. It had gone be-
yond that. The women looked at their
men’s faces and cowered in their homes,
white-faced but silent.

  “Men!” cried the minister, aghast.
“What is this you plan to do?”

  “That’s all right, Reverend; see you la-
ter,” they said, and locked him safe out of
harm’s way in the hotel.

  Behind the doctor’s office the friends of
Erik, men formerly of Crew One, who now
were in Lonergan’s employ, had armed
themselves to the last man and were insist-
ing that although Erik, on the doctor’s
word, would live, it was their blood-right
to lead the attack on the river-front. Op-
posed to them were the men of the settlement.

  “It’s our town that’s been given a bad
name,” they said. “We’ve got the right to
go down there first.”

  Gaston fought steadily to hold both fac-
tions back. He realized that the clash was
inevitable; but, now that his rage had vent-
ed itself, he was clear-headed and cool. If
the crowd in its present mood struck the
river-front, whose men it outnumbered, the

result must be a slaughter. Nothing could
stay Erik’s friends from taking vengeance,
and if a fight were thus started, the gang-
sters would fight back and good men surely
would be killed. As furiously as he had
rushed to the attack, Gaston now struggled
to delay the conflict until the men had
grown cooler.

  “The doc’s wedding is set for twelve,” he
shouted. “Are we going to spoil that for
him? Let’s have the wedding first, then go
down and clean them up.”

  A low growl greeted his words. He knew
they would not acquiesce, but it was any-
thing for a delay.

  “No time for weddings,” came back the
reply. “Let’s be going.”

  “No!” cried Gaston. “You’ll wait a
while. This thing has got to be done or-
derly. Do you want to give yourselves as
bad a name as those Hunyaks?”

  “We want to give ourselves such a name
that no toughs will ever again try anything
like this in our town,” replied Perkins.

  “Good! That’s just it. And we’re going
to do it according to law and order, not
like a lot of toughs on a spree.”

  That struck home with the older men.
“That’s right,” they said. Others growl-
ed: “Spit out what you’ve got to say, and
let’s get started.”

  “Lonergan,” shouted Gaston, “can that
old Polander of yours go down among those
fellows in safety?”

  “Yes. Why?”

  “I’m going to serve notice on every man
and woman in the river-front to clear out
within an hour.”

  “Hour, -!” came an interruption.

“Ten minutes is plenty.”

  “Make it five!” cried others.

  He compromised with them. It was then
a quarter to twelve.

  “We’ll make it half an hour,” said he,
realizing that he could hold them no longer.
“That will give ’em until a quarter-past
twelve.”

  “Good enough.’’

  Paper and pencil were brought, and with
a board for desk Gaston set to work to draft
his notice. After scores of suggestions from
the crowd he wrote as follows:

To ALL PEOPLE IN THE RIVER-FRONT:

   This is to notify you that you have thirty min-
utes to get out of town. We are coming down to
get you at 12:1s. Leave before then, or God help
you I	Thorson,

Marshal of Havens Falls.
i8o

Adventure

  “That’s the style; that’s doing it in bang-
up fashion,” was the verdict of the men
who read over his shoulder.

  Lonergan’s old Polander took the note
and his directions stolidly.

  “If they can’t read, translate it for them,”
said Gaston.

  “Aw ri’, bahss!”

  The old man sallied forth on his mission.
They watched him as he went. How would
the toughs receive the note? They saw the
old man enter Ulnick’s place, where Ul-
nick’s body had been dragged inside, the
paper held in his hand. After a few min-
utes he came out, crossed the street and en-
tered another saloon, still bearing the paper.

  Not a sound came up to the watchers. As
he emerged from the second place a man
came timidly out of the dance-hall and call-
ed to the messenger in Polish. The old
man spoke rapidly, handing the man the
notice. The man tossed it into the dance-
hall and without a word, ran for the river
road. From Ulnick’s some one shouted at
the old man. He held up his hand and
came back to the doctor’s office.

  “They say, can they go and you no shoot
’em, hah?” he said.

  A sigh of relief escaped Gaston.

  “Yes,” he said. “Tell them no one will
be hurt before a quarter-past twelve.”
“Hold on!” cried Erik’s friends. “That
don’t go with us. These guys may all duck
out. We won’t stand by and see that; we
want to play a little with the fellow who
shot Erik.”

  “You bet! None of that letting ’em go.
Let’s go down and make ’em give him up
right now.”

  Gaston held up his hand.

  “Boys, I promise you you’ll get the man
who shot Erik.”

  “He’s in that dance-hall,” they protest-
ed. “He’ll get away with the rest.”

  “He’s in that dance-hall,” agreed Gas-
ton, “but he won’t get away with the rest.
I promise you that.”

  “Did you see him?”

  “I saw him. And if he comes out, I promise
you, I’ll be the first to go down and get him.”
“All right, Thorson. But that’s got to
be good.”

  “It’ll be good,” said Gaston, and sent the
messenger on his way.

  There was a short lull after the old man
had delivered his message. Then the exo-
dus began. Like rats, the denizens of the

places of vice came slinking out in the sun-
light. They hugged the walls, casting fear-
ful looks over their shoulders. They saw
Ulnick’s body lying on the saloon floor, saw
the broken windows, splintered doors, and
bullet-marks, and they ran.

  The two wounded men called pleadingly
for assistance, but no one heard. Five min-
utes before the time-limit had elapsed, the
last woman to leave the dives had gone
from the river-front and was following the
long, straggling line hurrying down the
river road, the last of the forces of vileness
to leave Havens Falls.

  “And the man who shot Erik wasn’t
among ’em,” said Gaston.

  “You sure?” Erik’s friends were suspi-
cious. “You ain’t trying to play with us,
Thorson?”

  “Sure not, boys; he’s still in the dance-
hall.”

  “We’ll go and see.”

  “You will,” agreed Gaston icily, “when
it’s twelve-fifteen.”

  By sheer force of will he held them. They
fidgeted angrily, like dogs in the leash with
their quarry before them. The minutes
dragged painfully. Two minutes remained.
Then one minute.

  “Come on,” said a youngster, “that’s
close ’nough.”

  Gaston held him back.

  Presently Lonergan snapped his watch
shut and nodded.

  “Come along, boys,” said Gaston quietly.
They followed down the street in uncan-
ny silence, crowding closely about him as
he led the way to the dance-hall. The door
was open and they could see inside. They
first saw the man whom Tom Pine had shot
through the jaw. He was sitting on the
floor, leaning drunkenly against the wall.

  Then they saw the other man. He was
lolling in a chair against the bar, grinning
in ghastly fashion at the poor fellow on the
floor. His eyes were popping from his head;
his jaw sagged weakly; his tongue hung out;
his long arms drooped down nervelessly. At
his feet a big revolver lay where it had drop-
ped from his fingers.

  It was what was left of Devil Dave Taggart.

THE crowd halted at the doorway,
aghast at the demoniacal transfor-
mation before them. Gaston enter-
ed alone. Taggart neither saw nor heard;
his attention was all for the man on the floor.
Gaston Olaf

181

  “Taggart!” shouted Gaston, putting a
hand on his shoulder.

  Taggart looked up slowly, no gleam of in-
telligence in his blood-shot eyes. In spite
of his enmity for the man, Gaston felt a
twinge of pity. He picked up the revolver.

  “Taggart! Get up!”

  With his left arm he raised him to his
feet. Taggart waved a hand at the wound-
ed man and laughed slobberingly.

  “Funny face,” he whispered. “Look at’s
face.”

  “Come along,” said Gaston.

  With the revolver in his right hand he
led the way out.

  “Boys,” he said coldly, “you can’t have
him—not now. If he’d put up a fight it
would have been different. Now I’m going
to take him down to his office and lock him
up. Out of the way!”

  He went straight through them; they
stood back and let him pass without a word.
Then they followed as Gaston led his pris-
oner toward the office on the river bank.

  Taggart went along in a stupor at first.
He did not recognize Gaston, did not sense
what was happening. As they approached
the river, however, his eyes seemed to clear.
At the sight of his own office he stopped
suddenly.

  “Come on, Taggart,” said Gaston.

  Taggart looked around wildly. He saw
the river a few steps away, saw the crowd
behind them, and lastly he saw Gaston. As
if in a flash of lightning he understood.
With a cry like a wounded animal he tore
loose. He stood up straight and stiff, him-
self for an instant, his eyes upon the man
who had tom his evil hold from Havens
Falls.

  “Thorson, you -!” he screamed, and

dove forward.

  His arms caught Gaston and held him
helpless. The strength of a maniac was
Taggart’s for that moment. Down in the
sawdust they fell, tightly clinched. Twice
they rolled over and over. Taggart’s mad
laugh rang loud to the heavens; and then
they rolled over again and, still locked to-
gether, dropped into the river.

  The water was deep and still where they
fell in. The current closed over them and
swept on its way again, serene, undisturbed,
while the crowd lined the bank, silent, help-
less. The seconds seemed hours. Many of
them passed, and still the swift, black
waters rushed on unbroken.

  Men panted open-mouthed. They groan-
ed in agony as air-bubbles broke the sur-
face. And then they shouted once, sharp-
ly. Gaston came popping out of the water
like a cork, gasped hungrily at the air, and
came swimming weakly back to shore—
alone.

  A few more bubbles appeared farther
down-stream. Then the black water once
more was slipping on its way, calm and
beautiful as ever, with no hint on its sur-
face of the thing that was hidden in its
depths.

  Gaston stood dripping and panting on
the river bank. He looked at the water
from which he had so narrowly escaped.
And he turned and went up the street with-
out a word.

      “MEN, men!” said the minister,
rftSn when released from the hotel,
“what have you done? You bade
me to come among you to join two of your
young people in a new life, and you make
the day one of strife and bloodshed.”
Postmaster Perkins bared his silvery head
reverently.

  “ ‘The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh
away; blessed be the name of the Lord!’ ”
rose his aged treble. “Reverend, what we
done had to be done. There was a jam,
and she had to be broke so decent people
could live here, and fellows like you could
come through the white water and bring
light into the wilderness. The Lord took
the bad people away. He giveth us young
people, like Ilulda Olson and Doc Sanders,
to marry and have children, and people the
land. The old order changeth, Reverend;
the wickedness has gone from Havens Falls
for good. The new order cometh, and it’s
full of hope and promise; and the Lord looks
upon His work and finds it good. Reverend,
we ain’t in no mood to hold the celebration
we planned, but in this dark moment we
need that wedding to help us look toward
the future.”

  “Yes,” said Hulda, firmly. “Ve skall get
married yoost the same.”

  So the doctor and Hulda were married
—with a silent crowd of witnesses where
hilarity had been planned. And after
the ceremony the minister prayed, not
only for the happiness of the newly wed-
ded couple, but for the future of the town,
that the men thereof might turn from
violence to gentleness toward all their kind,
182

Adventure

“forgive their enemies, patiently turn the

other cheek-”

  Gaston looked sharply across at Rose.
She had lifted her eyes to him in the same
moment.

  “—Live their lives soberly and earnest-
ly-”

  Her eyes dropped.

  “—God-fearing and useful citizens, prid-
ing themselves not upon their strength-”

  Rose raised her eyes to Hale’s bowed
head.

 “—Amen!”

CHAPTER XLI

DAYS OF QUIET

PEACE had come at last to Havens
Falls, the deep, abiding peace of a
community solemnly consecrated to law and
order. The tragic manner of its coming had
left its mark; Havens Falls was not likely
to forget what the river-front had meant to
it; it would never again run the risk of simi-
lar conditions. Before the traces of the last
cruel struggle had been removed a solemn
mass-meeting was held before Olson’s hotel.

  “It was whisky that did it, boys—whisky,
and wickedness, and hell-raising,” quavered
old Perkins. “Touch and go, it. was, boys;
and we happened to win because a man
came to town who was big enough to make
us strong. We were a helpless little hell-
hole here in the woods before he came to
town. Now we’re clean, thank God! As
clean as the timber around us. Boys, are
we going to risk getting in another gang like
what we had? Are we going to have an-
other river-front? Or are we going to have
a decent town that will grow and be a cred-
it to the men who made it?”

  “A decent town—that’s the ticket!” came
the responses. “We’ve had enough of the
other thing. What do you say, Thorson?”
Gaston looked down toward the river
front. For the time being he was as seri-
ous-minded as any man in the crowd. He
saw not the glitter and excitement of the
front, but only its sordid vileness, its men-
ace to a community of homes, of families, of
women and children.

  “I say,” he began slowly, and paused as
a vision grew before his eyes, “I say we
ought to burn the river-front to the ground,
and scatter the ashes, and build new build-
ings where it stands, so there’d be nothing

left to remind us of what was there or what
happened before it was cleaned up.”

  They voted on it, a vote of hands, and
even the wild youngsters working for Loner-
gan voted, “ay.” So the river-front was
burned one afternoon when there was no
wind, burned until its last trace of wicked-
ness had been purged by fire; and in the
evening, before the last red coals had died
to ashes, the settlers had decided to build
their first schoolhouse where the old dance-
hall had stood, and to do it at once, so the
children would have a place ready for them
when the school season opened in the Fall.

  “And now that’s done,” said Gaston.
“The river-front is gone; the town starts
new, with nothing to make trouble for it or
keep it from having clean hands. Tag-
gart’s gone; so I start fresh, too, and there’s
nothing left here to stir the hell up in me,
or get me to fighting, or keep me from liv-
ing quiet, respectable, and settled.”

  Tom Pine coughed in a suspicious man-
ner. A coroner’s jury having decided that
Ulnick’s death was “an act of God,” Tom
had a rather improved opinion of himself.
He and Gaston were sitting, chair-tilted,
against the front of Dr. Sanders’s old office.
They had moved into the building imme-
diately after the doctor had vacated, Gas-
ton having declared that it was time they
began to practise living in a home of their
own. Tom Pine had acquiesced eagerly;
there was more freedom in “baching it”
than in living at the hotel.

  “No-o-o,” drawled Tom, “there’s nothing
left here to stir a fellow up, that’s sure.”
“And that’s just how we want it,” said
Gaston. “Everything nice and orderly, and
nothing to keep a man from being a steady-
going citizen!”

  “Except himself.”

  “Eh?”

  “Except himself,” repeated Tom. “If a
man ain’t made to be a steady-going citi-
zen, well, it don’t make any difference where
you set him down, Gaston Olaf, he ain’t
going to be one, that’s all. Some folks are
made to five in houses and use the same
bed all their fives; others ain’t. I won’t say
any more than that.”

  “No need to say any more,” said Gaston.
“You mean that I’m one of those who’re
not made to settle down.”

  Tom Pine shook his old head.

  “You can’t make a canary-bird or a barn-
yard fowl out of an eagle,” said he. “There
Gaston Olaf

183

ain’t any chance for argument about that
—that’s nature.”

  Gaston chuckled.

  “You’re a hard one for sure, Tom Pine.
Have you seen any canary-bird work around
this settlement?”

  “Not so far. It’s been a nice, busy place
for a he-man to camp in up to now, I ad-
mit you that. But that was because Tag-
gart and the river-front were here and [it
was hell-for-leather between them and us.

  “But they’re gone now, Gaston Olaf;
those days are past. This town’s pretty
near got religion, and it’s going to stay that
way. What then? Day after day the same
thing, week after week, and year after year,
with nothing happening for excitement.
Could folks like you ’n’ me stand it, Gaston?”

  The picture unveiled itself swiftly to Gas-
ton. He saw the neat, proper town that
Havens Falls was destined to be—day after
day, year after year of it. He felt crowded,
confined. But there was Rose, and the
dream.

  “You quit that kind of talk, Tom Pine,”
he commanded gruffly. “I don’t know
about you, but I do know that I want to
settle down.”

  He went back to work for Lonergan.
That was the thing for him to do—break
himself in at steady, every-day work.

  His experience in the woods, and his
natural leadership of men made him an in-
valuable aid to the railroad man. With him
at its head the clearing-crew slashed its way
through the timber in record time.

  After the clearing came the grading and
filling. Day after day, week after week,
Gaston stuck to his task. The short, hot
Summer of the Northland was on, and along
the line swarms of mosquitoes, deer-flies and
“no-see-um’s” made life miserable. Men
threw down their tools and demanded their
time. Lonergan even suggested a lay-off for
a week.

  “Not for a day,” said Gaston stubbornly.

  He was beginning to hear the whisperings
of doubt within himself. The clear lakes,
the rivers, the untracked woods had begun
to call. The lure of strange trails and ad-
ventures new had whispered to his restless
spirit.

  He put temptation away savagely. Not
a single day would he yield in the program
he had mapped out for himself. For it was
in the moments of idleness that the call
made itself heard.

  “You’re getting kind of peekid-looking,
Gaston Olaf,” warned Tom Pine.

  “I know it,” admitted Gaston. His shav-
ing-mirror had shown him the new lines
gathering between the eyebrows and about
the mouth.

  The quiet, lazy Sundays came to be long
and tiresome. He seldom sought Rose’s
company since their conversation at the
house-building, and save for thoughts of
her, he admitted to himself, town-life was
irksome.

  Hale, likewise, spent less time at the
Havens home than previously. He was not
given to intruding himself where he was not
sure that he was wanted.

  The settlement developed rapidly. Tag-
gart’s property had fallen into the hands of
a far-away niece, and the lumber company,
to which she sold, promptly put the cut-
over land on the market, induced settlers
to come in, and began to assist in all ways
to build up the country.

  “When the railroad gets through, this
country will crowd up right away,” mused
Gaston, as he read the signs.

  He reproved himself promptly for such
thoughts. Was it not for this that he had
worked and risked his life?

  The heat of the Summer passed, and the
time for the first frosts drew near. Instead
of the ring of the axes of the clearing-crew
there now rang out along the right-of-way
the clang of spiking hammers fastening the
steel rails to the new-laid ties. Instead of
teams bearing loads of ties, a small locomo-
tive came tooting slowly toward Havens
Falls, pushing before it flat-car loads of the
rails that the crews were laying.

  Day by day the twin lines of steel crept
northward toward the settlement, and day
by day, as he led his crew, Gaston sensed
how completely the humdrum of civiliza-
tion would conquer the country when the
railroad began operations. The toot of the
locomotive in the timber was a warning. It
knelled the passing of adventure in that
part of the Big Woods.

  Yet Gaston worked steadily. There was
a certain thrill in the building of the rail-
road, and he did not permit himself to think
of the days to come after the road was fin-
ished.

  The first frosts came, touching the birch
and maple with a gentle wand, and tinting
their leaves dainty pink and yellow. The
air was like rare wine, and the woods were
184

Adventure

clamorous with the chatter of birds congre-
gating for the long flight southward.

  In the morning, while trudging to work,
Gaston paused and with his eyes followed
the flight of migrating ducks across the
trackless sky. He watched them until they
were out of sight, and he wondered what
new scenes they would view before they
sought rest at nightfall.

  The whistle of the locomotive now could
be heard in the settlement. Lonergan had
added more men to the crews, and the work
was being pushed so the road would be com-
pleted before the frost settled into the
ground. Gaston did his work steadily and
well, but there was a lack of buoyancy and
enthusiasm in him. He now looked for-
ward to the end of the work with a feeling
of discomfort.

  The woods were a riot of color now. Au-
tumn was in the Northland, and the gods
of the glorious Indian Summer had painted
the world with a lavish brush. Deep pur-
ple and burnt umber, blood-red and faint-
est yellow ocher, rioted together on the
landscape; and over the hills, like a deli-
cate veil, hung the Indian Summer’s faint
blue haze.

  With less than a week’s work remaining
on the railroad, there came to the settle-
ment a rumor of a silver strike in the rough
barrens far to the north, across the line.
Daring, adventurous men were flocking
thither, said rumor, to pit their strength and
luck against the cruel northern Winter and
crueler men. The men working on the rail-
road leaned on their tools and wondered
what it would be like up there. Gaston
heard them and grimly ordered them back
to their tasks.

  That night, however, he paced up and
down along the river until far into the morn-
ing, and his palms were raw from the pres-
sure of his finger nails.

CHAPTER XLII

“the trail, the trail!”

npHF. railroad was finished. The twin
■*- streaks of steel had reached Havens
Falls, binding it closely to the rest of the
great civilized world.

  The finish came at the end of a hard
day’s work. Remained only the ceremony
of driving the last spike, which was to be
performed with due rites and celebration in

the morning, and the first train, bearing
mails, freight and passengers would come
tooting its way into the settlement. The
big job was done, and Havens Falls was full
of gaiety that night, anxious to make of the
morrow a big gala-day in its history.

  Gaston was not gay. He was the last
man of the crew to leave the line. He left
reluctantly. The job was done. Havens
Falls was no longer a stray, woods-settle-
ment, but a new growing town on a rail-
road.

  In the old settlement he had had his
place. He had played his part well. But
what place did he have in this town, where
people were talking of flour-mills and po-
tato-warehouses, and dreaming of paved
streets and electric-lights?

  This was the question that had troubled
him for the last weeks. As the signs of the
town’s development increased, so had in-
creased Gaston’s sense of strangeness and
confinement. He felt cooped up, cramped,
and out of place. He had tried to deny it,
but now he was forced to acknowledge to
himself. He did not belong.

  Stores and sidewalks, plate-glass win-
dows, regular hours, electric-lights! What
had he to do with them? He had come to
Havens Falls and had found a part waiting
for him to play. But now his part had
been played; never again would the settle-
ment have need of one of his kind; his job
was done; he was through.

  With something like a sigh Gaston turned
his back on the line and came through the
cool, early darkness into Havens Falls.

  The town was full of people, on hand for
the great event of the morrow. At the
hotel there was no talk save of the railroad
and what it would do for the country.

  In the midst of this liveliness Gaston was
as a stranger at a feast. He retired to the
doctor’s old office and without a word Tom
Pine and he sat down on their door-stcp,
each busy with the same thought. Up
above, the white northern stars began to
gleam through the darkness. And in the
lull the cry of a lone wolf on some far-away
hill-top came floating into the town.

  “I wonder,” said Tom Pine softly, “I
wonder what she’s like up there where they
say they’ve found silver?”

  The words fell upon Gaston’s troubled
spirit like skilled fingers upon the strings of
a harp. Eagerly he began to talk. The lit-
tle town fell away and he saw the long,
Gaston Olaf

185

rough trail through the great rough North,
with who could know what sort of adven-
tures at its end!

  “She’s a hard piece of country up there
from all I hear,” interjected Tom Pine, “and
harder than Sam Hill to get to.”

  Pooh! What was a little rough country?
Did any one expect to find metals stored up
beneath city sidewalks? The harder the
better! None but real men could win in.
All the more for the ones who were strong
enough to stand the going.

  Gaston rose and stood before Tom Pine,
gesticulating vehemently. The new lines
had gone from his face; he felt as if a bur-
den had fallen from his shoulders. Then
suddenly he thought of Rose and sat down.

  After a while he arose and went slowly up
toward the Havens home. He would go
and see her. He would settle it one way
or another that night.

i ROSE was working on something
a white when he found her, and
" though she hastily dropped it into
her work-basket at his coming he saw that
it was a garment so tiny that in his ignor-
ance he fancied it must be for a doll.

  “What’s that?” he asked. “Making a
doll dress?”

  “Yes—no,” she said, tucking her work out
of sight. “That is—Gaston, you mustn’t
be so inquisitive.”

  “Wha-a-at?” Her confusion puzzled him.
She was actually blushing. “What’s there
about a doll’s dress that you’ve got to hide
it from me?”

  “Nothing, absolutely nothing. What do
you care about dolls’ clothes, anyway?”
“Then why don’t you work at it? Don’t
let me interfere.”

  “It isn’t polite to work when one’s en-
tertaining company,” she bantered.

  “Go on and work,” he laughed. “I like
to see you sewing.”

  “Sewing!” she said scornfully. “Oh, how
ignorant men are! I wasn’t sewing at all;
that’s embroidery. It will take weeks and
weeks to finish it.”

 “Embroid-?”

  “Gaston!” He had playfully reached for
the garment. “Gaston! Well, I never!”
He was holding the tiny thing up in his
huge, brown hands.

  “Embroidery?” he repeated, looking at
her, and then he understood.

  “Oh, oh,” he said slowly, and carefully

replaced the dress in the basket. “I’m a
clod - hopper. I didn’t understand; I
wouldn’t have said a word or touched
it-”

  “You’re as curious as a woman,” she said,
tucking the garment out of sight.

  “I apologize; you see, I didn’t know.”

  “I know it.” They looked at one an-
other.

  “Who’s it for?”

  “Hulda, of course. Now if you say an-
other word, one single word, I’ll be real an-
gry-”

  “Hulda?” he repeated. “The doc? Well,
I’ll be darned!”

  “Stop it! Not another word.” Rose’s
self-possession had returned. “Tell me, who
is going to drive the last spike in the road
tomorrow? I’ve heard that the honor is to
be given you.”

  He answered aimlessly. His thoughts
were not with the road. The little garment
had spoken to him of certain things, had
opened his eyes to tender responsibilities of
marriage. And at last he was quite sure of
himself—quite sure that he had no right to
try to realize his dream. For whatever hap-
pened, he must not run the risk of making
her unhappy.

  “I’m going away,” he said, holding out
his hand.

  “I thought so,” she said, and he was glad
she smiled. “I’ve seen it coming on you.”

  They shook hands warmly.

  “Are you going away for good?” she
asked.

  He studied a moment before replying.
She would have Hale now, Hale, the steady
and responsible. She would be happy.

  “Yes,” he said, “thank God, it is for
good!”

  Outside, beneath the clear white stars, he
breathed to the bottom of his lungs. He
had done it. With a smiling face he had
done it. And though the pain in his heart
was like a sharp knife he had the peace of
mind which told him he had done what was
•—square.

  Down the street he met the doctor.

  “You old son-of-a-gun, you Doc!” he
chuckled and smote him boyishly on the
back.

  He found Hale in his store.

  “Hale,” said he sternly, “you’re a dam
fool. There’s a girl up the street waiting
for you and you stick down here and grouch
by yourself. How d’you expect to win Rose
i86

Adventure

if you don’t go after her? I know—I know
what you’re going to say. Staying away on
my account. Well, that needn’t bother
you any more. I’m going away. Going to
stay away. And if you don’t go up there
tonight and get down to business I’ll—I’ll
change my opinion of you. Will you do it?”

 “But, Thorson-”

  “But nothing! Say you’ll do it.”

  “I will.”

  “Skookum! Shake hands.”

  He went out of the store like a gust of
wind, humming.

  When, he entered the doctor’s old office
some time later he bore two blanket packs,
stuffed and strapped, ready for the trail.
Tom Pine was asleep. Gaston dug out his
old woods-clothes and noiselessly made a
complete change. Arrayed as he was when
he had come to the settlement—soft rubber
shoes, buckskin trousers, muskrat cap, blue
shirt and silken sash—he sat down for a
moment at the doctor’s old table.

  His light-heartedness left him. He folded
his arms on the table and laid his head upon
them. He had done what was square. But
it was hard. Oh, it was hardl
The picture of Rose as he had last seen
her, with the tiny white garment in her
hands—the picture he would carry away
with him—came before his eyes, and he
raised his head slowly. There was a strange
wistful smile upon his bronzed face.

  The thoughts of little children came to

him. His great arms curved hungrily on
the table. Flesh of his flesh, bone of his
bone. Was he never to know what that
meant? The home, the wife, the children;
the trinity that makes the world. He hun-
gered for them then, with the strong man’s
hunger, which the weakling never knows.

  But he knew now that these were not for
him. His was the lot of the roamer. For
him the open trail beneath untrammeled
stars, the life of abrupt change and excite-
ment, the lone but thrilling way of the bom
adventurer.

  Foot-loose and free. It had to be so. It
could not be anything else. For he knew
now that no ties could hold him when the
go-gods called.

  “Tom!” he called softly.

  His old partner leaped up, wide awake.
Gaston was standing by the bunk-side, the
pack on his shoulders, rifle in hand, ready.

  “Come on, Tom; there’s your pack. The
moon’s up; we’re going to travel.”

  Up on the crest of the ridge where they
had stood when they first saw the town,
they paused and looked back. The lights
of the settlement gleamed like pin-pricks in
the darkness. One light gleamed particu-
larly bright. Gaston looked at it a long
time before turning his back. Then he
threw up his head and laughed, his right
arm pointing northward.

  “The trail, Tom Pine, the trail!” he cried.
“Hit the trail!”

THE END
Author of “The Third Chance," "The Marrow-Bone,” ctc.

NUMBER of years ago, a pri-
vate soldier of a certain British
regiment, then stationed at Cal-
cutta, was sent to the Andaman
Islands—the Indian penal settlement—to
serve a life-sentence for murder. There
were extenuating circumstances, and his
name was William Driver. He believed in
no gods, though he swore by many, but he
worshiped most devoutly one girl, and he
was a very strong man. He was also a
crude person of limited education, and the
girl, Annie Hall, was the marrow-bone of
his existence.

  Therefore, in a most wonderful way, she
helped him to escape from the Andamans
to the deep forests of Burma, where they
had ideas of living in a tree. My old friend,
Pickhead Cameron, who was at that time
head of the Forest Department, persuaded
them to build a hut, to which he added
comforts. He also persuaded them to be
married—by a Presbyterian missionary—
and for many years he aided them, so that
they were not discovered by that Govern-
ment which paid his somewhat large salary.

  In the course of time a baby was born to
the Drivers, and the missionary baptized
the child, and Cameron was her godfather.
And the girl, living alone in those wild for-
ests with her parents, grew to be very lovely.

x

  On her eighteenth birthday Cameron gave
her a pearl necklace, and the missionary
her first communion. Shortly after, Cam-
eron was called home to London, and the
missionary, his work done, was called home
also.

  And Bill Driver mourned their going, for,
as he said to his girl:

  “Mr. Cameron, he’s gone to London, and
I daren’t go there; and Mr. MacNeil, he’s
gone to heaven—so your mother says—and
I carn’t go there neither.”

  Now, Pickhead Cameron had so arranged
matters that the Drivers saw no other hu-
mans; and Bill—who, by the way, stood
only five-feet-six and weighed nearly two
hundred in hard condition—had done his
best to show his gratitude. Cameron’s
pride was in the administration of his for-
ests, and Driver fully appreciated this, so
that he patrolled the district wherein he
abided and looked out for incipient fires
and other things. And when he wandered
in the deep green of the mighty teak
trees, he carried a rifle which had been
with him for a long time, and for which
Cameron supplied the ammunition. With
the carefully kept rifle always went the well-
polished bayonet. On the evening that Bill
and his woman Annie escaped from the An-
damans, she clubbed a Sikh guard into

87
Adventure

insensibility—the source of the treasured
weapons.

  So, MacNeil and Cameron went home,
but Driver still patrolled the district, as he
knew Cameron would have him do. What
thinking he did during his lonely walks was
of an atavistic character, and he had some
curiously anthropomorphic ideas regarding
the dead MacNeil.

THERE came an evening. The
shadows were beginning to lie softly
over the dim forest places, and Bill
Driver, hungry, sought his hut, his wife and
daughter, and also his supper. He was
about a mile from his home when his slowly
working intelligence was startled by the cry
of a woman. And the voice of that woman
was the voice of his daughter—Annie the
second.

  Bill Driver hurled himself in the direc-
tion of that cry, crashing through the inter-
vening brush like a shell from a big gun.
The rifle went with him, but when he reach-
ed the small open space where his daughter
was struggling with a man, he dropped it.

  The red haze in which years before he
had shot and killed, again enveloped him;
but he could not forget—he had brooded
too long over it—that the mere pulling of a
trigger had given him no physical satisfac-
tion, and had made him a convict, so that
while justified in defending his own, mem-
ory bade him use the mighty clutch of his
great hands in her defense, and, thus, sat-
isfy the innate craving of the fighting man.

  Annie’s assailant saw Bill coming—he
also must have heard him—and he released
the girl and tried to escape. He might have
escaped from an angry gorilla, but not from
Bill Driver. The strength of the gorilla and
of Driver would be about equal.

  In the convict’s subconscious mind arose
several of his long dead fathers—hairy peo-
ple who patronized no tailor. Bill was not
aware of their presence, but their prompt-
ing swayed him. The man who struggled
so impotently was a large man. Bill could
not see clearly, because of the red haze, but
he knew quite well that it was his business
to tear the fellow to pieces.

  As a preliminary, he broke both his cap-
tive’s arms. He dropped his almost swoon-
ing victim on the ground. It would never
do to kill him right away; that would be as
unsatisfactory as the shooting referred to
had been. He must pull the fellow to pieces

slowly, yet he must keep him in such a men-
tal condition that he would be fully and
excruciatingly aware of his dismemberment.

  Bill Driver, standing over a writhing hu-
man, puzzled his slow brain. Then Annie
the second reached him, threw her arms
around his neck, and brought him out of
the year 300,000 b. c. into a. d. 1912.

  Bill Driver shook his bull-neck, and the
red fell away from his vision. But his
strength and vindictiveness remained.

  “Go away, lass—he were trying to hurt
thee more than thou knows abart.”

  “But, father?”

  “I mun kill him, lass—an’ he’s going to
know I’m doing it.”

  “But—don’t you see he’s a white man?”
  “Don’t make no difference.”

  “But, father, it does. Mr. Cameron
wouldn’t have stray white men around here
—what’s he doing here? You must find out,
and let Mr. Cameron know. He asked you
to watch out for things.”

  There has been told a tale about a man
who aided a wounded lion, and thereby
earned the lion’s undying gratitude. We
have all heard of “dog-like devotion.” But
greater than either of these was Bill Driver’s
gratitude to my old friend Pickhead Cam-
eron.

  He raised his writhing captive to a sit-
ting position, by gripping an ear between a
finger and thumb.

  “Wot you doing in these ’ere forests?”

  “I vill not tell you,” moaned the other.
“Oh—you won’t, eh? Nobody ain’t got
no right here unless Mr. Cameron says so.
And you’re some sort of a foreigner, wot
makes it worse. Wot are ye doing here?”
The captive’s arms hung helplessly, and
Driver’s method of supporting him was ago-
nizing. Nevertheless, he did not answer the
question.

  “There must be something wrong,” ex-
claimed Annie the second, clasping her
hands nervously, “or he’d tell you, father.
You don’t want Mr. Cameron’s forests to
come to no harm. You must make him
tell.”

  Bill Driver’s grin was not pleasing.

  “He’ll tell,” he said tersely. “You bring
the rifle, lass.”

  He threw his groaning captive across his
shoulder and walked toward his hut at the
regulation quickstep that had never left
him, the girl following with the precious ri-
fle. The tortured creature he carried moaned
The Receipt

189

all the way, but Driver paid no atten-
tion to his pain, neither did he stop to rest
or shift the weight—his slow mind was busy
with vague guesses.

   Adjoining his hut was a smaller one, used
as a storehouse. Into this Driver flung his
captive; then he fastened him securely and
went to join his wife and daughter, who
were eagerly discussing the affair. And the
mother was all aflame also—for had not the
thing in the outhouse tried to assault her
girl, and did it not seem that he meant evil
to the beloved forests of Pickhead Cameron?
Yet they ate their supper with thorough
British regard for the inner-man, a great
creed which the growth of the Empire en-
dorses daily.

   Once Driver left the meal, to roughly gag
the man in the outhouse; for the English
like to eat in comfort, and the crying of
the wounded captive was disturbing. Then
Driver smoked a pipe and performed certain
mental processes almost analogous to think-
ing.

   “He’ll tell,” he remarked as he lit a sec-
ond pipe before proceeding to the outhouse.
“Don’t heed his ’ollering—it’s Mr. Camer-
on’s business.”

   Then he went to interview his captive;
and that which he did was not nice. In the
abstract it was a boy looking for the in-
ward principle of a watch; in the concrete,
a gorilla similarly interested in, say, a pig-
eon. I knew Bill Driver very well, and I
think he liked me; but I am also of a scien-
tific turn of mind, and, therefore, I tell the
facts.

   When'the other showed a willingness to
speak, Bill removed the gag.

   “My countrymen will come to find me,”
said the captive.

   “Oh,” responded Driver, “how many are
there—fifty?”

  “Two.”

   Bill laughed.

   “Don’t—oh, don’t!” shrieked the captive.

   “Tell, then.”

   “Will you let me go if I do?”

   Bill Driver significantly lifted the rough
gag from the mud floor of the outhouse, and
the captive, snatching at the one chance of
freedom from further agony, spoke.

   “You’ve heard of the Andaman Islands—■
prison?”

   Over Driver’s face flashed the expression
of the hunted animal. The gag dropped
from his hand; he bared his teeth, and

his forehead wrinkled as he snarled —
“So—you found out—summat—and you

—come here—to, to-”

  “Wait, wait!” shrieked the other. “You
don’t understand.”

  “Yus, I do. And, you swine, you tried
to—to—to—my girl.”

   “Listen. Oh, listen, please. Let me tell.”
“You tell me—tell me quick—where is
the other two that’s after me?”

   Bill Driver pressed his heavy chin on the
other’s nose, moving it just enough.

  “We’re not after you; never—heard—of
you,” moaned the captive.

   Bill Driver lifted his face and stared.
“You never heard I was at the Andamans
—and got away?” he asked.

  “You escaped?” gasped the captive, for-
getting his misery in astonishment.

   Bill Driver was himself again.

  “How do you want to die?” he asked.
“But all we want to do is to rescue a
man from the Andamans—help him get
away, like you did.”

   The affair was too complicated for Bill’s
mind. He had no objection to another poor
devil escaping, but he had many objections
to his place of hiding becoming known.
Besides, the fellow had attempted to as-
sault his daughter; and what was he doing
in the forest, anyhow?

  “How do you want to die?”

  Inside the outhouse it was quite dark,
but neither man felt the need of any more
light. Outside, the bats flew low and the
teak trees woke to their evening whisper-
ings.

  “Let me tell you—we will give you money
—we don’t care about you. Don’t you see
that if we help another man to escape we
daren’t tell about you?”

  “Well?”

  The prisoner gasped out his tale, which
was to the effect that a Burman—the lead-
er of a gang of highway robbers (dacoits)—
had been caught in the periodical dragnet
of the Department of Justice. As usual, he
produced a host of friends who swore that
he was an innocent man. They went on
the stand and testified that he not only ab-
horred dacoitry, but that he was of so spir-
itual a nature that he could not even wring
the neck of a chicken. Unfortunately for
the dacoit there was other evidence, and
the other evidence convinced the judge that
the Andaman Islands would make an ex-
cellent abiding place for the remainder of
190

Adventure

that dacoit’s life. And so he sent him there.
It was the philanthropic desire of Driver’s
captive and his two countrymen to rescue
said highway robber.

  “Well?” said Bill Driver when the tale
was told.

  “His poor wife cries for him,” explained
the other.

  But Bill came of a nation of shopkeepers.

  “ ’Ow much are you getting for doing it?”
he asked.

  The other hesitated.

  “How do you want to die?” said Driver.

  “There are mines.”

  “Yus?”

  “Ruby mines that we made quite sure the
man at the Andamans knows about—oh,
we are very sure. Ve vill get him away, and
for doing so get the place of the mines.”
“Well?”

  “If you will let me go, I will—give you
half my share.”

  “How did you get into these ’ere for-
ests?”

  “I was lost,” replied the other with ap-
parent truthfulness. “My friends are at—
a fishing village.”

  Bill saw his daughter struggling in his
captive’s arms. The captive could not see
Bill’s face.

  “I ain’t got nothing against you ’elping a
poor devil escape, but—how are you going
to do it?”

  “It’s all arranged,” said the other eager-
ly. “In native sailboats we go—with ma-
chine guns that came as sewing-machines.
We will have thirty Burmans with us, just
for the hard work, because with our ma-
chine guns we could do it alone. The con-
vict station has no cable or anything, and
the guard-ship—pooh! Just a few colas he
sailors with old niles and ten rounds of am-
munition, and English officers with swords.
We take our sail-ships, and nobody sus-
pects. The soldiers—about hundred and
fifty—have also just a few rounds of car-
tridges. It is easy.”

  “Well?”

  “We go close to guard-ship—little steam-
er, you know. We go close like poor sail-
ship in distress, asking for water. Guard-
ship we easy find, but if in harbor just the
same. Then we kill all on guard-ship, easy,
and-”

  “Well?”

  During his short acquaintance with Wil-
liam Driver the captive had found little

cause for amusement. Now he laughed un-
pleasantly:	V
“Then we free all the convicts—fifteen
thousand black men. The convicts very
glad to kill guards and soldiers. We help
with our machine guns. Then, while the
convicts are having little fun, we take our
man away, and nobody ever know about
us. Afterward, convicts blamed—mutiny.
Who will believe tale about white men com-
ing and freeing them? We only take our
man—no more. Lots will be killed. So, we
free all convicts to get them blamed, and
to keep soldiers busy while we take our man
away. But we leave convicts having their
little fun, so we get away without being
bothered by many wanting to go with us.”
“Fun?” asked William Driver.

  “Yes—we tell convicts about English wo-
men, you know.”

  Bill Driver’s powerful body twitchcd
strangely. About his lips was a slight froth.

  “Yes,” added the prisoner. “English wo-
men—wives—girls—fifteen thousand black
murderers—very few soldiers—very little
ammunition.”

  A wounded gorilla will first scream, then
mutter automatically and continue to mut-
ter. Bill did not scream, but he had no con-
trol of his words.

  “Near twenty years ago I told Annie I
loved her. Then I read a book about what
the blacks did to the English women in the
Mutiny, Cawnpore and the like. And I
were scared that some black might do it to
my Annie, and so I shot the first black I
saw. It were foolish of me, because the
blacks in India are now all decent folks, ex-
cept those they send to the Andaman Is-
lands. They sent me to the Andamans for
shooting the black, and I deserved it. Annie
helped me escape. I read it in a book.
Read just what them blacks will do when
your friends lets them loose. You won’t be
there. And—my daughter.”

  I do not know what Bill Driver did with
his captive.

  I know that he went to his hut obsessed
with the importance of a mission; that in
spite of the pleadings of the women who
loved him, he gave certain orders and made
known his intention.

  The wife and daughter were to do their
best to get to Moulmein, where there was a
telegraph. If they got there, they were to
see to it that the authorities sent a man-of-
war to the Andamans. As Bill put it:
The Receipt

191

  “It will take maybe a week to get there.
If I went, they’d want to know all about
me, and they’d put me in jail. Then they’d
take a month to investigate—and think wot
them black convicts could do in a month.
Now, you go to Moulmein, and use Mr.
Cameron’s name, and get a telegram to him.
But be careful not to say a word abart what
he done for us. Do all you can to make
’em send a man-of-war. I’m going to the
Andamans to warn ’em—if I get there in
time.”

  “But—” from Annie the first.

  “No buts, lass. There ain’t no need to
tell who I am, though I’d go anyhow. You
start for Moulmein.”

  So they parted at the little hut, in the
midst of a circle of great teak trees, where
years before they had had notions of mak-
ing their home in one of them, where Pick-
head Cameron had found them, and where
MacNeil had married them.

BILL DRIVER, taking with him
some few stores and the precious
rifle and bayonet, made a forced
march of twenty-six hours to the coast and
when he left the jungle at a tiny fishing
village, the haunting smell of the clear sea
brought memories of the fog-bound spirit of
England, and of the warmer wraith forbid-
ding escape from the Andaman Islands.
The tremulous stimulant of sentiment shiv-
ered his spine with recollection, and he
clutched his rifle the more tightly as he cir-
cled the huts of the fishermen.

  Quietly he laid his small stock of food and
water in the stern of a boat, cut the grass-rope
hawser and got aboard. There was a slight
creaking when he hoisted the single sail, but
the fishermen were asleep and the light
breeze was off the land. And Bill Driver
steered in the general direction of east and
south, down a wavering lane of moonlight
that seemed to beckon him along his not-
too-accurate course.

  It is necessary to guess at the details of
that voyage. Nearly twenty years before
he had crossed that same part of the Indian
Ocean, in the scow known at the Andamans
as the “milk-boat,” with the woman who
had shown him the way of escape—and a
terrible voyage it had been. For it had
only been by favor of the god of the chances
that they had made the coast of Burma, de-
spite their own heroic efforts. And what I
once told about it came from Annie, in the

main, for, as has also been told, Bill was no
teller of tales.

  So, regarding the voyage when he went
back, only guesses can be made, since he
went alone. Besides, there is another rea-
son. But I am inclined to think, because I
have been a sailor all my life and know how
limited was Bill’s knowledge of the craft—I,
indeed, state without fear of contradiction,
that the imperious, though ever-bibulous,
god of the chances again aided the man; and
that, furthermore, that same decadent deity
prevailed upon his brother tippler who rules
so laxily over the minor winds. For Bill
Driver, by simply keeping his frail boat be-
fore it, made the harbor of Port Blair on
the morning of the seventh day. And dur-
ing the passage he saw no other ship.

  The early morning mists were wreathing
into fantasies as Bill rounded the point.
These lifted suddenly, and the penal settle-
ment thrust itself into his vision, but there
was nothing unpleasing about its appear-
ance. The man stared at the place, and the
place seemed to stare back at the man, and
the man felt a sense of friendliness. It was
as if he had met an old enemy, with whom
he had once fought a hard battle, but with
whom he now clasped hands.

  And it was all the same—Hope Island,
where he had lived in his lonely hut; the
settlement of Port Blair, with the men’s
barrack-like jail on that island, divided by
a strip of water from the women’s jail; the
hilly island where the paroled convicts start-
ed independent life again, and, up the es-
tuary, Viper, where the worst characters
were confined.

  The harbor was empty, neither the guard-
boat nor the convict-carrying ship being
there.

  The breeze died, and Bill lowered the
sail, and, with great effort got out the clum-
sy oars. Dizzily he looked toward the bun-
galows of the officers, then he began to
row toward the chief commissioner’s pri-
vate wharf. When a convict it had been
his business to row the milk boat from is-
land to island, and the chief commissioner’s
wharf had been his first place of call.

  The heavy oars seemed to have wills of
their own, and Bill could hardly control
them. On the wharf a tall sikh guard
roused from his dozing and watched him
come.

  Bill Driver made the boat fast to the
worn cleet on the steps of the landing. He
192

Adventure

clawed out of her like a man trying to scale
a cliff, and made his way feebly up the
steps on hands and knees. Half-way up he
paused and laughed vacantly, for he had
discovered that he had reached the right
place and that his fearful voyage was over.
It also occurred to him that he had eaten
and drank but little, and that he had not
slept at all.

  “Abbe kitha jarlka?”

  Bill, at the head of the steps, looked up
to the voice. It was a long time since he
had heard Hindustanee spoken. Some one
wanted to know where he was going. Bill’s
soul tried to tell the voice that it was none

of that voice’s - business, but his lips

were working like an infant’s at breast-
time, and the words he tried to get between
them trailed off into curious little noises
which mocked him.

  Then he forgot where he was going, and,
struggling to remember, memory asserted
itself over the vague impressions of the
present. And memory told Bill that he
was again a convict confined, and that he
had grown tired of the loneliness, and that
he was going to kill the Sikh guard on the
chief commissioner’s wharf, so that he
would be hanged and suffer no more.

  He lay down on the rough planking and
wandered in the past.

  His mind swirled to the boat he had just
left. There were two boats. No—one boat.
He had taken that boat from a Burman fish-
ing village, and he had grinned at the moon
when he took it. From just behind that
moon the voice again spoke to him.

  “Who are you?” it said in English.

  And Bill Driver opened his eyes and
looked up at the tall Sikh guard. Then he
clutched feebly at his precious rifle. The
Sikh had grown gray in service, and Bill
had changed also, but the men knew one
another at once.

  “Toom kady.”

  “Yus,” muttered Bill, “it’s me. This ’ere
was once your rifle—my girl hit yer, and
took it. I ain’t come to kill yer this time.
Did yer know that one morning I were
going to throttle you? I went behind that
there hedge, and I trod on some English
flowers wot were growing there, and the
smell of them made me weepy. My girl—
wot had come here as a maid to the chief
commissioner’s sister — found me there
blubbing. So, I didn’t throttle yer.”

  The Sikh’s rifle had followed every move-

ment of William Driver. Indeed, I think
that it was only the uncanniness of his ar-
rival that saved him. The Sikh was super-
stitious, and Bill had not only reappeared
to him out of the morning mists, but it was
as if the rugged personality of the famous
convict had suddenly and fearsomely thrust
itself forth from the fathered years. Be-
sides, he was supposed to be dead. Any
other man would have been dead.

  But when the guard felt quite sure that
his old enemy was not dead, he grinned re-
lievedly behind his great beard. Then he
stepped forward and removed the precious
rifle from the unresisting fingers. Then he
fired his own rifle into the air and alarmed
the colony.

  And Bill Driver, unable to stand, but
again conscious, glared up at the Sikh, look-
ing for trouble and cursing his inability to
cause it. The chief commissioner’s bun-
galow was only about a hundred feet from
the wharf, a carefully cultivated flower gar-
den separating. Consequently Sir George
Furlong was the first man to reach the place
of alarm.

  “Bot budmash waller hi, Burra Sahib,” ex-
plained the Sikh.

  But the guard’s explanation was not suf-
ficiently particular. The chief commis-
sioner only saw an exhausted white man
stretched out on his private wharf—a white
man who was apparently a stranger to the
islands.

  “Who is he—what do you mean?”

  Bill was so weak that when he looked at
things they appeared to be separated from
him by a glass globe full of water. The man
talking to the Sikh was not the old chief
commissioner of his time of captivity, and
he loomed above him like an attenuated
ghost. Perhaps Bill guessed at his identity.
By forcing all his will into his mighty mus-
cles he managed to raise his hand and sa-
lute.

  “I’m Bill Driver, sir,” he said, “wot—
got away—from here.”

  Then he fainted again, as the wharf be-
came crowded with half-dressed officers and
men. The doctor knelt by Driver’s side.

  “Get some brandy. No, he’s pretty well
worn out—a hypo’s better.”

  The sun flooded the harbor, and Port
Blair glittered like a diamond. Two sol-
diers supported Bill whilst the contents of
the hypodermic syringe warmed life into
him, and the men and women on the chief
The Receipt

193

commissioner’s wharf watched in a tense si-
lence, plaided with the colors of speculation
and memory.

  And this was Bill Driver, the famous con-
vict. The only man who had ever escaped
from the Andamans, and—a man whom a
woman had really loved. Wonderful Wil-
liam Driver! What was it you had that
made your Annie love you? It wasn’t only
your strength. Other men might equal that.
I almost can myself. You who so seldom
spoke, and never heard of verses—what was
there in you, William Driver? Why should
the tender Fate who tries to arrange the
love-affairs of men have made a special ef-
fort on your behalf? For—a woman loved
you for yourself alone! Then how had he
come back to the penal settlement—where
had he been all the years—and for what
reason had he returned?

“I read it in a book,” muttered Bill.
“Yes, yes, we know,” said the doctor
soothingly. “But that was very long ago.”
“Abart a week—a long week,” muttered
Bill.

  The doctor studied him.

  “No fever. Why is he delirious?”

The chief commissioner interrupted—
“Driver, why have you come back?”

  The sunlight hurt Bill’s sleep-craving eyes
and made him angry.

“Some grub and a sleep, and I’ll help ye.”
“Yes, yes—you came to help us?”
“Swine,” muttered Bill. “There was two
swine—no, three at the start—there’s only
two now. I came to tell you—and I’ll help
you.”

  “Yes, Driver—go on.”

  “Swine,” replied Bill.

  “Can’t you help him, doctor—give him
something?”

  “He’ll be all right, sir, after we get food
into him and let him sleep.”

  “But, you don’t think he came back here
for the fun of it, do you. Give him some-
thing.”

  The doctor obeyed reluctantly.

  “Read it in a book, about swine,” whis-
pered Bill. “And the swine is coming here.”
“Yes, Driver—go on.”

  “Wot’s—the—name of—guard-boat?”
  “The Mayo.”

  “Swine—got her—killed all—crew.”
  “What?”

  “Don’t bother — abart convicts. Look
out—for women. Worse than Cawnpore—
coming.”	*

13

  Along the morning breeze came the un-
mistakable rattle of a machine gun, punc-
tuated by some rifle-shots.

  “Wot did—I tell yer,” muttered Bill.
“Now—look out. They got the guard-
ship.”

  “I don’t quite understand,” said the chief
commissioner. “Tell me, Driver.”

  “Forrin swine—going to loose convicts—
tell ’em abart white women, he said—just
like in book I read—abart mutiny—ma-
chine guns.”

  “God! Why doesn’t the Government
give us a cable?”

  Bill blinked up at the chief commissioner
and spoke confidentially, also confidently.

  “Just hold on, sir. It’s all right—just
hold on, and my Annie will bring a man-o’-
war.”

  Shortly afterward, Bill Driver came as
near blushing as he ever did in all his tur-
bulent life, for two very aristocratic ladies
were feeding him beef tea with silver spoons.

  They fed him, and two Tommies put him
to bed. He insisted that the precious, if
somewhat archaic, rifle should be laid by his
side.

  “When the trouble starts,” he explained,
“I want the old girl handy.”

  He slept for several hours, and woke to
all his strength again, licking his Ups at the
appetizing fight before him—a fight that
had commenced shortly after he had warned
the garrison, which had, however, been able
to build a fairly. strong protection of sand-
bags, wherein the women were now doing
their best to soothe the pain of many wound-
ed men, for the smaU stock of anesthetics
and anodynes had been exhausted.	1

  It was nearing sunset, and all the won-
der-colors of the Indian Ocean appeared to
be playing with the fish jumping in the
harbor. There was a lull in the fighting,
for the convicts were busy with their eve-
ning curry and rice. Also, the more subtle
were holding conferences. The first aban-
don of freedom had worn itself out, and
some were beginning to see a rift in the
altruism of the two foreigners who had freed
them. The fingers of many dead pointed
to an unpleasing end.

  An ancient murderer nibbled at a piece
of dried fish, and spoke between nibbles.

  “They came,” he said, “and they cap-
tured the Ag boat, on which they put their
many-mouthed guns. They sailed close to
where the British have made them a fort,
194

Adventure

and, the water being shallow, they ground-
ed. With much effort they got off. Mean-
while, their men let us go free—telling us to
seek revenge and the white women. Now,
my brothers, what is the reason of this do-
ing? In what way are these two white men,
who are not English, interested in our en-
joyments. Many of us are dead, and the
English still hold the fort.”

  “It is said that they hate the English be-
cause they are white, yet are not English—
being of a lower caste,” suggested another.

  “And that there is a great war coming,
after which there will be no more English;
at which time all men will be free,” said a
third.

  “Free,” sneered the ancient. “Who is
free? What is free? Even a rajah is not
free. By his women is he enslaved as are
others by opium. When this matter of kill-
ing the English in this place is concluded,
what then? Suppose it is but the revenge
of the two white men who are not English.
Well, we will have helped at that revenge,
and had our fill of women’s screams. Then
will the two white men want to take the
Mayo Ag boat and go back to their place
—which will show us their wisdom. My
brothers—” he leaned forward in the little
circle—“we, who are wise men, and friends,
must see to it that we, also, go from here in
that Mayo Ag boat. I have a memory that
the British Government has a long arm.”
“It might have been wise,” said another
thoughtfully, “had we gone to the side of
the British. They have a lion for their
caste-mark, and ever do many seek to kill
that lion. He is a sleepy lion and wakes
but slowly. But when he does wake he
makes the jungle tremble with his rage, and
all the lesser beasts hide from him. Did

not my father tell me-”

  And so on. There was infinite chatter-
ing. Relatives and old cronies in crime
jubilated over the cooking-pots. The wo-
men prisoners had their peculiar place in
the orgy. The dark closed over a chorus of
nasty noises. The few little circles of old
men gabbled wisely, but the mass was a
thoughtless horde craving many things.

BILL DRIVER, rubbing his eyes
with one great hand and trailing the
precious rifle with the other, had
reported himself to the captain in command
of the white soldiers. And that officer had
said things to William which made him feel

lumpy inside, made him feel that he could
just about lick a hundred of the enemy.
Very much embarrassed, he tried to explain
this feeling.

  “I’m only a third-class shot,” he stam-
mered, “but I’m useful with the butt and
baynit.”

  And over it all hung the peculiarly peace-
ful smell of the wood fires. The bats flew
low. In the creeks and estuaries the mist-
wraiths began to form.

  But there was a hideous unanimity about
the killing of the garrison, which was fos-
tered exceedingly when some genius of a
convict found the commisariat sergeant’s
store of wines and spirits. There are cer-
tain castes in India that profess to abhor
drink, but religion is at times elastic.

  The machine guns spluttered. The de-
fenders fired at the advancing menace, but
the terrain favored the convicts with every
sort of cover, and they were able to creep
almost up to the defenses before attacking
with their axes, adzes and weapons looted
from the Mayo. It must be remembered
that there were about fourteen thousand
convicts, and that the two machine guns
effectually prevented any sortie of the gar-
rison which was so very short of ammuni-
tion.

  And the whole affair had been so unex-
pected, so unprepared for. Many of the
defenders felt that they were in a hideous
nightmare, out of which they would wake
in due time; and in that belief many died.
Description of it all is as impossible as would
be the description of a burning building. It
was fight, fight, fight.

  The drink worked in the convicts and the
moon set. Then they began firing the
houses, making a glimpse of an indecent
hell as they ran about with torches. And
ever the ammunition in the little fort dwin-
dled. Thus, with all Port Blair ablaze, the
last round was served out, and the men were
told of this fact. Some grinned, some swore,
some said nothing, each after his fashion;
but all grimly held on.

  Shortly before daylight an order was
whispered to certain men. It had to do
with the use of the shells in some revolvers.
These were on no account to be fired at the
enemy.

  The dark lifted to the kiss of the dawn.
The breath of morning moved over the har-
bor. The ammunition of the defenders was
exhausted. The convicts came on, careless
The Receipt

195

of creed distinction, howling in a reeling
frenzy—Hindoos, Mohammedans, every
caste known to India and Burma. The set-
tlement echoed to their yells as they swirled
forward.

  Then humanity clashed at the breast-
works, and voices melted into a sort of hum,
splashed with curses and weapons meeting.

  Oaths from every one of that little group
of islands in the grim North Sea mingled
with the fighting gutturals of the valiant
Sikh guards, dying for the honor of the salt
they had eaten. And B il 1 D river and his old-
time enemy of the chief commissioner’s
wharf found themselves side by side. They
grinned at each other through sweat-clut-
tered faces and parried and thrust in a glor-
ious spirit of comradeship. Yet the drunk-
en degenerates prevailed. The defenders
did not give way—they fought till they fell
and died.

  Over the souls of certain men who had
been told off to do a certain clean deed with
the few remaining shells in the revolvers
spread a horror of that duty. These looked
furtively at the women.

  The sun rose over burning, blackened Port
Blair and flushed at the screaming filth it
lighted. Certain men agreed that the gar-
rison could not last five minutes longer.
These looked at each other; then they did
not look at each other. They staggered to-
ward the group of women and girls.
Then-

  She came round the point—a gray, lithe
shape, cleared for action, her ensign snap-
ping angrily. And as she came her guns
smashed at the scum that had almost surged
to its desire. Her boats dropped from the
davits, and, loaded with armed marines,
drove at the beach. The women had not
been cheaply protected.

IN WAYS beyond my understand-
ing, the pleading of Annie the first
had prevailed against the precedent
of regulation, and the captain of the cruiser
had brought her, and Annie the second with
her. That she was liable to imprisonment
for conniving at her man’s escape was a
detail she ignored entirely.

  She was the marrow-bone of Bill Driver’s
life, and, therefore, she knew that her place
was by his side. And, searching frantically
among the wounded and dead, she found
him lying unconscious, across the body of
the Sikh guard, among the carefully culti-

vated English flowers in the chief commis-
sioner’s garden. And while Annie the sec-
ond ran for the doctor—over-busy with
other wounded men — the marrow-bone
took Bill’s head on her lap and petted him
back to consciousness.

  Amid her kisses, he indicated the dead
Sikh.

  “He were a man, lass,” he muttered.
“I’m most sorry you hit him when we got
away from ’ere—though we did need the
rifle mortal bad.”

  Then the doctor came; and after a little
while that doctor nodded slowly. And
Annie the first, dry-eyed and beyond sobs,
knew the meaning of it. The chaplain be-
gan the prayer he had so often used, but
Bill interrupted. He could not see very
clearly, but the haze clouding him was very
different from the red haze of his passions.

  “ ’Scuse me, sir,” he said weakly. “The
doc says I’m dying?”

  “Yes, my man,” said the doctor.

  The chaplain began to pray again.

  “I want to speak to the chief commis-
sioner,” said Bill Driver.

  The chief commissioner, his left arm in a
sling and his head bandaged, leaned over
Annie’s shoulder.

  “Yes, Driver—what is it?”

  With a vast effort Bill saluted.

  “You know abart me, sir—escaped con-
vict?”

  “Yes, my man, but that’s all right. You
have wiped the slate clean.”

  Bill smiled weirdly.

  “Thank you, sir. There’s a gent in Lon-
don—Annie can tell him. But there’s a
Mister MacNeil—he’s dead—he were a
good man, and a minister.” Bill gulped
for breath. “I—I—I want him to know
that I’ve paid the Government back.”

  “He knows now,” said the chaplain.
“Yes, sir—I don’t think you’d tell a lie.
And Mr. MacNeil, he said the same thing.
But—I don’t know for myself. There may
be a heaven, and all that. I’m going to
find out in a few minutes.”

  “It’s true,” said the chaplain.

  “Yes, sir—but I want Mr. MacNeil to
know that I’ve paid the Government.”

  “He knows now,” reiterated the chap-
lain.

  Bill was silent. His brain had become
strangely clear, and he was thinking as he

had never thought before. Then-

  “If I see Mr. MacNeil I can tell him,”
196

Adventure

he said. “But that’s only telling. S’pose
he says ‘Yes, Driver.’ I won’t know but
what he’s saying it to make me feel good.
I won’t be able to prove it.”

  He became silent again. The noise of
the convicts being subdued came faintly to
his ears. He saw his wife, his daughter, the
doctor, the chaplain, and the chief commis-
sioner, vaguely.

  “What is it they give a feller when he
pays a debt?” he asked suddenly.

His audience failed to understand him.
“You know, sir,” he said directly to the
chief commissioner. “Suppose you pays a
bill; what is it the man gives you—the man
you pays it to?”

  “Oh—a receipt,” said the chief commis-
sioner.

  Bill smiled happily.

  “That’s it. Please give me a receipt, sir,
so I can show it. to Mr. MacNeil, and he’ll
know I’ve paid the Government.”

  The chief commissioner answered huskily:
  “Very well, Driver.”

  He wrote on a page torn from his note-
book; signed the writing and gave it to
Annie the first.

  “Read it, lass,” whispered Bill.

  And Annie read:

  This is to certify that William Driver, who es-
caped from the Andaman Islands after being sen-
tenced for life thereto, returned of his own volition
to those islands to warn the officials of an impend-
ing massacre; that, due to the effort of his warning,
not a woman or child was killed or injured; that he
fought most nobly in defense of the right; that he
gave his life in that defense.

  And, by virtue of the authority invested in me
as Governor of the Andaman Islands, I, George
Furlong, do hereby release the said William Driver
from the custody of the British Government—which
Government has received full satisfaction for the
debt William Driver once incurred.

George Furlong.

  Bill’s vast chest heaved with the pride of
a work well done.

  “Put it in my hand, lass,” he whispered,
“so I can take it with me, and show it to
Mr. MacNeil.”

AD REGAN stood with his hand
on the wooden gate-latch and
called a parting message to the
motherly figure on the porch.
“Mebby today, mother, we’ll get word.”
“Yes, Jim,” answered the other sadly.

“It’s been time. You be careful, Jim.”
Dad Regan nodded assent and, opening
the gate, started down the hill to the rail-
road station. A year had passed now since
the brief message had come telling of the
death of their son in the Navy. It had
Hereditary Evidence

197

become a habit with the Regans to start every
day with the hope that additional details
would come, but despite their earnest old-
fashioned letters, and all the inquiries they
knew how to make, they received no news.

THE branch line that curved out
into the coal district at Stanton, and
struck the main overland track at
Pennington, was barely fifty miles long. It
boasted only one train a day, a mixed pas-
senger and freight, on which the train crew
were all called by their first names, and
whose intimate family affairs were known
to most all their passengers. The branch,
however, owing to its heavy strings of coal-
cars, boasted as fine a road-bed as any on
the division and was tracked with ninety-
pound rail.

  When the big washout came in March, on
the main line between Stanton and Pen-
nington, the overland flyers were detoured
over the “Coal Dust Division,” as this fifty
miles was nicknamed. Everything went all
right until one of the big-train engineers,
maybe trying to show off before the won-
dering natives who had come in to every
station to see a real big train come in, took
the high-ball through Summerset at regula-
tion straight-track speed and piled up on a
curve, the crookedness of which he had
never dreamed.

  Thanks to the steel coaches nobody was
killed, but after that the master mechanic
had one of the “Coal Dust” engineers go
through in the cab of every train as a
pilot.

  The engineers of the Coal Dust Division
were all old men, grown gray in the service
and retired to this eddy of a great system
to work out the years yet remaining between
them and retirement on pension. Dad Re-
gan was one of these. He sat on one of the
high stools at the Railroad Lunch House at
Stanton and sipped a cup of black coffee.
He was waiting to pilot No. 3 over the
troublesome division.

  The morning air was cold and the coffee
caused the old man’s pinched figure to swell
and thaw a little. His sparse hair was a lit-
tle grayer than his short mustache which
had once been brown, like his eyes. The
hand on the heavy iron-china cup was wrin-
kled and vein-shaped but did not shake.
As he blew the steam off his cup, and set-
tled back on the hard stool, one caught the
impression held by the company, that Dad

Regan was a mighty dependable man; get-
ing a little old maybe, but able to hold up
his end yet and proud of it.

  Jim Hundley and “Stubby” Nelson, of
the light cruiser Topeka, bound overland
from the Atlantic to the Pacifit station,
were awake and stirring, according to cus-
tom, at s a. m. Their whole beings de-
manded their shipboard morning coffee.

  “Naw sah,” apologized the porter, “there
ain’t no dinah yit. We don’t pick it up till
long ’bout nine.”

  “But we want coffee,” complained the
two sailors, and Hundley idly let two silver
pieces strike together in his pocket.

  “Well, sah,” said the negro, his wits
sharpened by the clink of the coins, “you-
all might drap off de train at Stanton. We
waits dar twenty minutes and sometimes a
mite longer ’count ob dis here washout.
Dar’s a good coffee place near-by de track.”
One of the coins made a hasty and safe
journey and ten minutes later the two sail-
ors hurried into the Railroad Lunch.

  Dad Regan took a long look at the uni-
forms, started to speak a couple of times,
but not until the sailors had finished one
cup, ordered another, and turned to look at
their surroundings, did he see their cap rib-
bons. Then he came forward a little tim-
idly and asked a question.

  “Are you two boys from the Topeka of
the United States Navy?” He spoke a lit-
tle huskily, as if under mental stress.

  “Sure thing,” spoke up Stubby Nelson.
“Know anybody in the outfit?”

  Dad Regan ignored the question and ask-
ed another.

  “Did ye by any chance happen to be on
her a year ago last May?”

  “I was,” he said, then waited, for there
was a tenseness in the old man’s tone which
interested him.

 “Then ye must have known my son
Johnnie.” Dad Regan spoke hopefully, as
if an affirmative answer would be too good
to be true.

  “What’s the last name? Maybe I did, I
know ’em all.”

  “Regan. John Regan. He was killed,
you know.”

  Hundley started to say something and
Nelson kicked him. Dad Regan was speak-
ing again.

  “Yes, he was my boy, all that Ma and me
had. He got the fever and just had to go.
His letters was pretty blue too, wanted to
198

Adventure

come home. But I wouldn’t humor him.
Then there come the accident.”

  The old man paused a moment, and to
hide his emotion pulled out his watch.
Then he hurried on:

  “Except for a notice from the Navy De-
partment that he was dead, we have had
no news at all. If ye knew him and know
about the accident, I’d be obliged if ye told
me. There’s nearly twenty minutes before
train time.”

  Stubby nodded and held out his left hand
with two fingers gone.

  “I got that in the same mix-up,” he said,
“and I knew Johnnie well. I’ll tell you all
about it.”

  Again Hundley started to speak and Nel-
son halted him.

  “Let me do it, Jim. I was in Johnnie’s
division.

  “Regan came aboard the Panther while I
was a short-timer. I remember the morn-
ing well. A bunch of recruits came down
to the South Atlantic on the Prairie to re-
lieve the men going home. All the ship’s
company not on watch gathered around the
port gangway to see what we’d get.

  “ ‘There comes a likely youngster,’ growl-
ed old Shorty Bray to me, and he meant
Johnnie Regan. In less than a week we’d
nicknamed him ‘Johnnie Reb’ on account
of the way he said ‘you-all’ and ah’d all his
r’s. Pretty soon we cut that—called him
J. R. for short.”

  “He wrote about it,” smiled Dad Regan
happily.

  “Well, he made good,” continued Stubby,
“took the drill, and the eats, which were
pretty bum after the Prairie left, and the
kiddixt’, like a man ought to.

“ABOUT that time we were per-
suadin’ Santo Domingo to be good,
and the boat J. R. was in came in
for an awful share of rough work. It would
have sickened anybody that owned a streak
of yellow as wide as a rope-yarn.

  “I don’t know why they do it, but a lot
of recruits get the power-launch for their
small-boat duty. J. R. was one. Deck-
hand in the crew of five men. Night and
day, good weather and bad, that boat has
to run. First thing at daybreak they have
to hustle out to get provisions from shore,
a quarter of bloody beef maybe, and two or
three sacks of spuds; then along about nine
the captain has to go ashore on official busi-

ness, and boat and crew have to be spotless
and smiling. Then there’s the liberty par-
ties and the mail and twenty other things
which keep the launch crew humping them-
selves twenty hours a day. J. R. stood all
this fine, and I want to say right here that
if I had to have a steady job in a launch
I’d desert tomorrow.

  “After six months of it the first luff saw
fit to put in somebody else and J. R. came
on deck. That boy certainly was glad. He
showed up the division in neatness with his
clothes, and put on his shoes again, which
no man ever needs in a launch.

  “Then one morning one of the regular
chain-tierers was sick and the boats’n’s mate
grabbed J. R., always in the way for a job,
and put him in the chain-lockers. That
was the morning we had to beat it out of
our anchorage in a little place called Cor-
pus Christi, to keep from piling up on the
beach. The bay there is just a little cup-
shaped affair and safe enough with an off-
shore wind, but when one of those West
India storms come up and it blows in from
the old Caribbean, it’s no place for a ship
to spend any time.

  “We were in a hurry to get out, of course,
and were rolling around pretty lively. J. R.
and a fellow named Shere were in the lock-
ers. The anchor-chain was something awful
to handle, covered with a kind of sticky
blue mud, volcanic they call it, and things
were in such a rush that we couldn’t take
time to wash it with a hose as it came over
the side, which was customary.

  “J. R. and his partner were making the
best of a bad job when the ship gave a big
roll and threw Shere down. He tried to
scramble up but the slimy mud wouldn’t let
him get his feet under him.

  “Left alone with the chain, J. R. did the
best he could, but with the mud and roll of
the ship some of that chain got away from
him and went across Shere’s legs. The two
of them shouted for help. That’s all they
could do. Shere couldn’t get out and with
the chain still coming it would soon have
him covered and crushed to death.

  “In the noise on deck we didn’t hear
them. It was blowing like sin by then and
everybody was working to save the ship.
The first we knew J. R. came running on
deck. A kink in the chain had made the
man at the winch slack back a little and
he took this flying chance to get on deck
before we started to heave in again.
Hereditary Evidence

199

  “There was only half a minute’s delay,
and the chain commenced to come in again
before he could get to the boatswain. To
make himself heard he jumped up on the
taut chain and shouted to belay. Then it
happened.

  “The chain struck another snarl, the
winch man threw on more power, and just
at the short break at the hause pipe the
chain parted. Poor J. R. caught the full
snap of it. It threw him twenty feet and
he struck on his head. Broke his neck. He
died instantly trying to save a friend.”

  The sailor stopped. His story was end-
ed. Dad Regan cleared his throat and with
a voice betraying the effort to control it,
asked:

  “The other boy? Did they save him?”
  Stubby shook his head.

  “Too late,” he said, and Hundley finished
for him: “That’s how Stubby lost his fin-
gers, trying to get Shere out. Couple of
fathoms of chain rolled them flat.”

  Dad Regan slowly took his feet from the
rungs of the stool and stood up.

  “I want to thank you two boys,” he said
still a little shakily. “I do wish that Moth-
er could have heard, too. Ye couldn’t stop
over and tell her?”

  He faced Stubby squarely and the two
sailors could feel the almost piteous appeal
in his eyes.

  Hundley wavered. Stubby shook his
head firmly.

  “We have to report on time,” he said.
“Tell her for us. Tell her that all the boys
thought a lot of Johnnie Regan.”

  “Thank ye both, then,” said Dad resign-
edly. “I hear the Westbound cornin’ and
I’ll have to be goin’. I’ll be ridin’ with ye,
but I’ll be in the cab.”

  He spoke without boastfulness, yet with
pride. In turn he grasped the two sailors’
hands, and the three walked out.

  “I probably won’t see ye again,” he said
at the door, “but I’m mighty glad ye could
tell me about Johnnie. Mother’ll be glad,
too.”

  Plainly unable to say more, he hurried
from them. They saw him jump briskly to
his place in the cab of the giant engine which
was to take them over the Coal Dust Divi-
sion. From the steps he waved a farewell.

  “A fine old man,” said Hundley as the
two sailors walked to their coach. “But
Johnnie certainly was a throw-back. What
made you do what you did, Stubby?”

  “I guess your first words answer that.
He’s a fine old man. I couldn’t break his
heart by telling him that his son was a low-
down, miserable coward.”

  “You could have played ignorant,
couldn’t you?”

  “And increase the old man’s suspicions?
Didn’t you see that he was worried because
nobody had ever written him the details?
And besides, I for one have never been
quite sure about Regan. All the ship ever
had was what Shere said when he was half
delirious, in the hour before he died.”
“Wasn’t that enough? What’re you driv-
in’ at? You know as well as I do that John-
nie Regan could have helped Shere out and
got out himself if he hadn’t had cold feet
and deserted like a coward. Shere said so
himself.”

  “Yes, I know all that, and again it might
have happened just like I told the old man.
Honest now, did he look like a man whose
only son would have a yellow streak?”
“Johnnie looked good, too,” argued the
unconvinced Hundley. “His old man might
have a streak of yellow as wide as a squil-
gee, waiting to crop out when you least
expect it.”

  Stubby shook his head.

  “I don’t know, Jim. It might have been
one way and it might have been the other.
I did my best, anyway, for the old man, but

I	couldn’t stand to stop over and tell the
yarn again to the mother. The doubt’s in
my mind the same as it’s in yours. She
would have caught me.”

FUEL could be had almost for the
taking along the right-of-way of the
Coal Dust Division, consequently
the builders of the road economized in the
deep cuts and great fills which make for
easy grades, and used the coal. The road
went up hill and down dale, and the great
engines toiled laboriously up, spouting a
cloud of black smoke from their stacks, or
rolled ponderously down, with a roar of
grinding brakes.

  Dad Regan with his heavy string of sleep-
ers, and mail and express coaches, stopped
at the summit of Squirrel Ridge for orders.
Below him was a long stretch of straight
track. It led down into the valley and then
up another ridge to the Honeycomb Mine.
It was the custom for the engineers to “tear
out a strip” going down in order to get a
running start for the stiff grade ahead.
200

Adventure

  “All clear!” shouted the operator above
the roar of the panting engine, as Dad
Regan and his conductor came into the
little office for their orders; and a few
moments after Regan started his train down
the hill.

  This particular section of the division was
one of its worst places. There was no switch
in the valley between, and if a coal-car or an
empty string got away from the busy yards
of the Honeycomb, after a train had left
Squirrel' Ridge, they ran together at the
bottom and smashed things up.

  So far nothing serious had happened.
Cars had run wild, and once the local had
to back up the ridge in a hurry, but up un-
til the day that Dad Regan started down
with the Overland, there had been no wreck
worth the name. Even the request of the
roadmaster for a derailing switch had gone
no further than permission for the prelimi-
nary grading.

  As Dad Regan came roaring down, he
kept his eyes constantly on the summit
ahead. At the Ridge he had waited for a
long coal-train to creep up and go safely
into the clear. He knew that since the big
trains were routed over this division that
every precaution was being taken against
an accident, but still he watched. As he
reached the bottom, going fifty miles an
hour, he looked away for a moment and
hooked the big machine up another notch
for the stiff climb ahead. When he looked
out again the thing that he dreaded most
of all had happened. His fireman saw it at
the same time.

  “Dad!” he shrieked. “Dad! Look at
what’s cornin’!”

  Dad had already looked. He shut off his
power, opened the sand and jammed on the
brakes. The heavy train, already taking
the grade, slowed almost instantly. Seven
loaded coal “gons” had broken away and
were coming down the hill without a single
man to set a hand-brake, even if that would
have done any good.

  “When she stops, jump, and uncouple the
engine,” ordered Dad.

  The fireman looked at him questioningly.
Dad picked up a wrench.

  “Quick!” he commanded again, and the
fireman hit the ground at the same time
that the train came to a jerky, rumbling
stop.

  There were two other things that Dad
Regan could have done—try to back his

train out of danger up the hill behind him,
or jump and save himself, and try to get
the passengers out before the coal-train
struck. Either of these two ways was dan-
gerous to his passengers, and comparatively
safe for himself.

  The runaway was coming at such speed
that Dad felt sure they could not get away
by the first plan, and as for clearing the
coaches of their human freight, it was out
of the question, unless there had been ten
minutes for every one that was available.
There were babies, and invalids, and skep-
tics who would not leave their baggage, and
Dad knew it. He took the only safe course
to save his train, and had weighed the
chances and made up his mind in the sec-
onds while his hands were busy stopping
his engine.

  He shouted once more and brandished
the wench as his fireman hesitated over
the automatic coupling. A moment more
and the coaches commenced to roll gently
away behind him, and he was free.

  With the step of a man of thirty he sprang
to his levers and started the big overland
engine up the hill to meet the onrushing
coal-cars. They were coming in a cloud of
dust and with the rumble of a landslide.
Dad’s plan was to meet them head-on as
far up the slope as he could, and let the
heavy engine derail and wreck them. He
must stand by too, for the engine must have
speed and the grade was steep. From a
standing start there was precious little time.
Only an old hand—a master hand—could
do it.

  Five hundred yards up the grade the en-
gine and the runaway met with a noise like
the crash of a battery of turret-guns. The
big engine, with sand grinding under its
wheels, and the power necessary to haul its
load across a continent loosed for destruc-
tion, scooped under the first coal-car, snap-
ped the couplings and sent it spinning end
over end down the embankment. With
diminished speed it met the second, derailed
it and crashed through its middle into the
third. The following cars piled up on the
mess, and the day was saved. The long
string of passenger coaches lay safe in the
valley.

  Some of the passengers did not come out
to see what had happened until the crash
came, but Stubby and Hundley saw it all.
They started with the train-crew in a run
toward the wreck.
The Woman of the Desert

201

“What do you think of it now?” panted
Stubby. “A man like that couldn’t be the
father of a coward.”

 Hundley didn’t answer.

Ten minutes later they dug Dad Regan
out of the freshly dug earth of the half-
made derailing switch, poured water on him,

and found him all right. He had jumped
just at the last minute, and keeping his wits
about him, had picked his place.

  That night the two sailors stopped over
after all. It was Hundley who told the
story of Johnnie Regan to the eager ears of
Johnnie’s mother.

Th.e'Wcmian.Of Tlie De sert

CattollIL.

Miclijetie^

HE man named Gilbertson,
whom the natives called in their
language “the honorable for -
eign-devil pill-doctor,” peered
into the deepening dusk at the swaying fig-
ures of three camels. He stood at the en-
trance of the Chinese innkeeper’s stable-
yard, leaning slightly forward to balance
himself against the blasts of a shrieking dust-
storm.

  The approach of the caravan had been
the first incident worth speaking of through-
out the long Winter day; though, if it comes
to that, scarcely any day in Chinese Turkes-
tan is characterized by incidents at all worth
recording.

  Gilbertson made out the figures of two
persons in the caravan. As he watched, the
howling desert wind of a sudden beat up
against him with greater fury. It filled his
eyes with dust and left him choking and
sputtering. He rebuked it, as the Chinese
stablemen always did, uttering strange Chi-
nese oaths.

  When he had regained his breath, the
foremost camel had brushed past him into
the stableyard and the second, mournful
and reeking with the grime of the caravan-
route, towered over him. He recovered his
vision in time to register genuine surprise
at the discovery that the rider of this sec-
ond camel was a woman. Women do not
often travel in Central Asia, much less Chi-
nese women of the upper class, such as was
this one, judging from her dress and the
patrician character of her features.

  A crowd of stablemen, camel-drivers and
loafers surrounded the party as the camels
knelt, groaning with relief to be rid of their
riders.

  At the command of her Chinese escort,
the woman stumbled after the innkeeper
into the gloomy interior of the inn and, so
far as Gilbertson was concerned, interest in
the incident ceased. He went wearily to
the frosty interior of his own room, and
shouted against its bare, dirty walls for his
coolie. That individual, so much swarthier
202

Adventure

than the yellow of the Chinese that he might
justly have been suspected of Mohammedan
forebears, slouched into view from nowhere
in particular, and made no comment as his
master railed at him for failure to have the
charcoal brazier burning. He had been with
Gilbertson so many months that he no long-
er gave a thought to the eccentric demands
of his master.

  Fire enough to heat the room, indeed!
With the desert wind sweeping into the
place from a thousand crannies! Why
didn’t “the honorable foreign-devil doctor”
do as the Chinese did—wrap himself in
layer after layer of clothing to keep out the
cold? Why waste fuel when there was
warmth enough in the blood? These “for-
eign devils” were strangely prodigal and il-
logical people. Nevertheless the coolie
made a show of complying, and soon had
sufficient charcoal aglow to warm his mas-
ter’s blue hands.

  Gilbertson sat and thought of the Chinese
woman. There was little else to think of.
He remembered suddenly that her feet were
natural—unbound. She must, then, be no
Chinese at all, but a Manchu.

  Her face, as he had glimpsed it in the
dusk, was attractive even to his Western
eye. It had the high forehead and regular
contour of the Northern Chinese. The nose
was not the typical retrousse of the Orient,
but almost Caucasian in proportions. Her
color was a bleached olive, rather than a
yellow—scarcely darker than the color of a
sunburned brunette of the Western Hemi-
sphere.

  Her clothes were richly embroidered.
They were of unusual character for a trav-
eler on these distant roads.

  Vong, the interpreter, who had become
head caravan man since his master learned
to speak Chinese effectively, came in and
squatted on his heels beside the brazier.
Gilbertson offered him Russian cigarettes,
but Vong shook his head.

  “What’s the matter with you, Vong-ski?”
Gilbertson asked in surprise. “Homesick
again?”

  Vong smiled faintly but made no direct
reply.

  “This is very far from home,” he said.
“My wife, you know, will have another
baby soon. It is very cold here.” And
Vong edged closer to the faint glow of the
charcoal.

  Gilbertson looked at the Chinese with

mingled disgust and suspicion.

  “See here, now,” he said severely.
“Don’t you work yourself up into a funk.
Why, Lord Buddha, man! If you desert
me now look where I’ll be at! You can’t
do it, that’s all. I won’t listen to it.”

  Vong looked funereally sober but said
nothing.

  “How long before we can start?” asked
Gilbertson bruskly, after a few thoughtful
puffs at his cigarette.

  Vong shrugged his shoulders and mur-
mured—

  “Ten days.”

  “Ten days! You’re mad as the Hung-
hutzes. We must start in five at the most.”
“Not enough camels. We must send for
them to the next town.”

  “Nonsense. I saw forty in the market
today.”

  “There are plenty, but their owners will
not sell. They ask too much.”

  “How many have you now?”

  “Only four, master.”

  “Four will do if we can’t get more.”
“Four for the. desert road to Khotan?”
And Vong held up his hands in reproachful
denial. “It is a journey of thirty days. We
could take only half enough water.”

  “But there will be ice in the water-holes
at this season until we get well into the
desert, and even then we can dig for water
in many places. The yamen people all say
so, from the governor down to the runners.”
Vong shook his head.

  “These people who came in tonight—
where are they going? To Khotan also,
aren’t they?”

  Vong nodded.

  “They are two, and they have three cam-
els. We are three and we have four cam-
els. Enough for us, Vong-ski, eh?” coaxed
Gilbertson.

  But Vong continued to shake his head.
There had been a time when he resented
the entirely foreign and irrelevant “ski” on
the end of his surname, but now he was in-
different. Plainly he was homesick for the
flat green country of the central Chinese
plains, the land thickly populated with the
houses of the living and the mounds of the
dead. He was thinking, too, of the bright
lights of metropolitan Shanghai, and of the
little house on Sinza Road, where his young
wife was about to give birth to another
baby. Perhaps a boy!

  And so Vong Tze-miao was in no mood
The Woman of the Desert

203

for thirty days of the desert—thirty days
of hardship and imminent danger in the
great, trackless Talka-makan. Why did
this foreign pill-seller want to go to Khotan
anyhow? Incomprehensible to the practi-
cal Chinese mind. It was to see the desert,
to dig for old bits of pottery and wooden
tablets in sand-buried desert cities, said the
pill doctor. Impossible ever to comprehend
these queer foreigners, who wished to risk
their lives and those of their servants for
nothing.

  “In five days the post will be here from
Lanchow. Perhaps we can have a couple
more camels by that time. At any rate we
start then. Do you hear me, Vong?”

  Vong shook his head but made no fur-
ther protest.

  “By the way, what have you found out
about these people who came tonight?”
asked Gilbertson.

  “Nothing,” answered Vong as if to dis-
miss the subject.

  “Vong-ski, that’s old stuff. Come, out
with it. Every man in the place except me
knew their whole history five minutes after
they arrived. I’ll bet on that. Is she his
wife?”

  Vong nodded.

  “Number one wife?”

“Number two,” replied Vong laconically.
“Oh, a concubine, eh? Did he buy her?”
Vong gave way to his natural Chinese in-
stinct for gossip, and began with interest to
tell what he knew.

“THERE is an old Kashgar tea-
merchant here who has just come
from Peking. One evening the old
merchant, Yolban Khan, strolled in the Im-
perial City, just outside the walls of the
Forbidden City. He became confused in a
certain district where the streets are small,
and found himself in a narrow alley beside
the wall of a magistrate’s garden. The place
must have been very beautiful within, judg-
ing from what he could see in the twilight
through a small lattice. But scarcely had
he put his eyes to the opening for a better
glimpse, than the face of a woman appeared
on the inner side. He looked long at her,
for she was handsome.

  “ ‘Go away, old man,’ she said to Yol-
ban Khan. ‘It is not you I want.’ ”

  Vong laid aside his water-pipe and took
one of Gilbertson’s Russian cigarettes.
“That is why,” he resumed, gesturing

significantly toward the part of the inn
where the newcomers were quartered,
“that is why Yolban Khan knows of this
woman.”

  “Well, go on,” urged Gilbertson. “You
Chinese are maddening tale-tellers. It takes
you so long to get to the meat of the thing.”

  “Yolban Khan,” continued Vong, smiling,
but not in the least hurrying, “went on a
few paces, but so great was the woman’s
beauty that his footsteps lagged. And Yol-
ban Khan is an old man! He had not gone
far when the narrow street seemed to be
filled of a sudden with a big sedan chair and
a knot of coolies. Out of the chair bound-
ed a young man who first looked in through
the lattice where the old man had gazed
and then ran to a gate that opened for him.

  “Yolban Khan heard the voices of the
young man and the woman beyond the
wall, and rejoiced in the boldness of youth
that thus with a fiery spirit defied the Con-
fucian law of love-making. But at that
moment came still a greater knot of men,
who grappled with the coolies and silenced
them. Some went through the gate, and
there followed cries and shrieks from the
woman. These ended and the men came
out carrying the woman and leading the
young man. There was the look of death
on the woman’s face, but she had ceased to
cry out. They closed the gate in the wall
and carried the woman away swiftly.

  “Long after she was gone the young man
stared after her, struggling with his captors.
Yolban Khan regretted his age, which pre-
vented him from striking and slaying in re-
sponse to the call for blood that gleamed in
the young man’s eyes. But they led him
away, too—the young man—who sank list-
lessly into the sedan chair. As the chair
passed Yolban Khan, crouching close
against the wall, the old man gave a start
and rubbed his eyes to make sure he was
not mistaken, for he saw that the young
man’s official cap-button was of the im-
perial yellow!

  “Yolban Khan is not unaccustomed to the
life of the imperial capital. He knew the
captors of the young man to be eunuchs
from the imperial household, because of the
garments they wore. One of the eunuchs
spoke to the old man sharply, but Yolban
Khan was able to excuse his presence. The
eunuch, thinking no doubt to overcome the
old countryman with awe at his part in the
adventure, whispered to him:
204

Adventure

  “ ‘You see—the one in the chair? He is
the young Emperor!’

  “Yolban Khan believed. For there have
been many tales of the young Emperor’s
escapades by night, away from the Forbid-
den City. He is the Emperor, yet he is the
plaything of the ‘Old Buddha’—the Em-
press Dowager. She does what she will
with him. He is her slave.”

  “But why should she have interfered with
the young Emperor’s love-making?”

  Vong shrugged his shoulders.

  “Yolban Khan says the woman’s father
was banished by imperial decree on the day
following. Very likely the ‘Old Buddha’
feared an intrigue with the young Em-
peror.”

  “This is all you know of the story?”

  “This is all, master. There is nothing
more.”

  Gilbertson watched the little caravan get
under way in the dawn. He saw the sad-
eyed woman come from the cheerless inn
and mount the waiting camel.

  By Gilbertson’s side in the throng of sta-
blemen and inn-loafers stood the man called
Yolban Khan, Kashgar tea-merchant, and
as the woman settled herself to the seat
her eyes rested upon him for a moment in
a glance that lengthened into a stare.
Speaking almost as if in a dream she mur-
mured:

  “Go away, old man. It is not you I
'want.”

II

AT NIGHTFALL, on the twenty-
sixth day in the desert, Gilbertson
sat on the crest of a great hill of
sand and watched Vong, the coolie and the
camel-driver who were digging feverishly
at the foot of the dune. The three men took
turns at the digging, and the one who now
wielded the shovel stood waist-deep in the
hasty excavation.

  “Any sign yet?” Gilbertson shouted.1

  Vong, coming up to be relieved, scram-
bled to the top of the dune holding out a
handful of moist sand. Gilbertson felt of
it with satisfaction, but Vong looked hol-
low-eyed disappointment.

  “We must dig very deep,” he said, shak-
ing his head.

  Gilbertson surveyed the limitless reaches
of sand-crests stretching away to every
point on the horizon. They were almost
mountainous here—the highest that had

been encountered—gathering into great east
and west ridges, like mountain-chains, at
intervals of little over a mile. Sometimes,
as on thisjlast day, the steep slopes of these
ridges had made it almost impossible for
the camels to cross. Their progress had
been scarcely a dozen miles since sunrise.

  Vong gazed, too, at the sand sea darken-
ing under the slow twilight, and then looked
at Gilbertson in a silent reproach.

  “- it!” shouted Gilbertson when his

eyes rested once more on those of the Chi-
nese. “Don’t look at me that way! You
give me the willies.”

  Vong slid down the sand-slope without a
word and stood eagerly over the edge of
the deepening hole.

  As he watched the three below him Gil-
bertson felt that they were discussing him.
There was a manner of hostility in the cov-
ert glances they cast upward toward him
as they spoke.

  A wind blew more coldly upon him there
at the crest of the dune, and he shivered at
the thought that tonight there would be no
fire in camp. They had passed the last out-
posts of the dead tamarisk trees that linger
far into the desert—age-old tombed senti-
nels of the period when the sand-waste was
watered and fertile.

  The digger’s head was out of sight now,
and Gilbertson scrambled down to share in
the toil. Crumbling walls made it neces-
sary to widen the opening of the pit and the
digging went on with painful slowness.

  The sand thrown up from the bottom still
was moist but seemed to grow no moister.
Last night they had been compelled to dig
eight feet before they reached water. Then
the mud stratum, that might have been the
bed of a buried stream, yielded only enough
to half fill the water-bags. For the almost
exhausted camels there was nothing.

  When they had been at work nearly three
hours, and the pit had reached a depth of
fourteen feet, they gave up the quest and
threw themselves on the sand. There was
no hope that water could be reached here
by digging. The desert wind shrieked bit-
terly at them with its breath of frost, as
they lay panting from their disappointed
effort.

  After a time they rose and with one ac-
cord went to the water-bags, still unslung
from the wearied camels. There was enough
for tonight but none for tomorrow. The ice-
bags, too, carried for days from the last
The Woman of the Desert

205

outpost of fertility, were almost empty.
There was enough, perhaps, for another
day’s march.

  One by one the men drew cupfuls of
muddy water from the pathetically limp
water-bags. There still was enough for tea
to be made over the alcohol burner. They
ate their evening meal in silence.

   Gilbertson rolled himself in his sleeping-
sack and lay down on the sand floor be-
neath his tent, and for a time listened to
the low voices of his men, trying vainly to
make out the trend of their earnest collo-
quy. It was easy enough to guess, and the
realization of it made him pull his revolver
from its holster and look at its chambers.
He had anticipated some such crisis and
was prepared for it.

  Vong came into the tent, without apology
for intruding upon his master’s privacy—
something he had never done before. Gil-
bertson slipped out of his sleeping-bag and
the two confronted each other, squatting on
their heels under the low canopy.

  “Tomorrow we go back,” announced
Vong.

   Gilbertson laughed, a very dry and mirth-
less laugh.

  “Go back? You’re crazy! The only
thing we can do is to go on.”

  “No water,” muttered Vong sullenly.

  “There may be water tomorrow—we
must find it. We can’t be more than two
days from the Keriya River, and then
there’ll be plenty of it.”

  But Vong only shook his head.

  “The coolie and the camel-driver—they
will not go further. They will go back.”

  Gilbertson pulled the revolver from its
holster and examined it meaningly.

  “They will not go back, Vong,” he said
in a low voice. “Look here,” he continued,
putting away the gun when he saw how lit-
tle effect it had upon the demeanor of the
sullen Vong. “We haven’t enough food to
last until we get back. And the camels
couldn’t stand it. They’re nearly exhaust-
ed now. We’ve been out twenty-six days,
and every desert-traveler since Marco Polo
agrees that it’s only a thirty-day trip. We
can hold out for two or three days more
even without water. And we’re sure to find
plenty of it by digging when we’re nearer
the river. There’s nothing for it but to go
on, Vong.”

  “Water—no water,” was all Vong would
say in reply.

  And Gilbertson turned from him in dis-
gust. These Chinese were children when it
came to anything like a crisis demanding
hardship and fortitude against known dan-
ger.

  When Vong had gone Gilbertson drew out
the worn volume of Marco Polo’s travels
that had been the inspiration of his venture
into the desert, if there had been anything
like inspiration for it. He turned to the
passage in the immortal work that tells of
the great “Desert of Lop.”

  Even to handle the volume was a refresh-
ing assurance. True, the Ser Marco had
not crossed this part of the desert, but des-
erts were much alike. What was true of
Polo’s “Desert of Lop” would be sufficient-
ly true here. There were many who crossed
the Takla-makan. He would by no means
be the first, though the route was little
known and much feared.

  One could not go wrong, knowing the di-
rection and possessing the strength, Gilbert-
son thought. In four days more, five at the
most, he should reach the southern edge of
the desert, the goal of his expedition. Kho-
tan was the city from which he hoped to
make his explorations into the sand-buried
habitations of dead centuries.

  Gilbertson was an adventurer who looked
to adventure as its own reward and its only
aim. If he discovered a buried city it would
not be to enrich archeology or geography.
He was not greatly interested in filling the
Smithsonian Institution with new treasures.
He was interested only in finding diversion
for Yoland Gilbertson, who claimed no home
but the world at large, and who was bound
by no ties save those of the universal kin-
ship.

  It was this vagueness of purpose and ut-
ter absence of serious intent that had
prompted him to leave Harvard in the midst
of his work for a master’s degree and sail
for Europe on a cattle-boat.

  A personal interest, but no particular
purpose, had led him to spend weeks in the
slums and among the docks of Liverpool.
Stevenson’s “Adventures with a Donkey,”
strangely enough, had inspired him to a
mendicant jaunt through Germany and
France, living, as he put it, “on the staff of
the universal brotherhood.” What impulse
had led him to Mexico he never was able
to say definitely, but the spy duty he un-
dertook for a certain revolutionist general
had its climax in front of a gray adobe wall
206

Adventure

at daybreak in the Mexican capital, with
an attache of the American embassy dash-
ing up to the executioners’ squad just in
time to halt an unnecessarily violent flight
of Mauser bullets.

  Various parts of South America had
claimed him briefly and to no particular
purpose, save once, to assist United States
army officers in cleaning up a fever dis-
trict. For this he was nearly rewarded with
death from the disease he fought. In Al-
aska he had found gold, but resigned it to
a woman whose crippled father held a bar-
ren claim next to it. The woman had wanted
to marry him, but he had no such notion
—never had such an idea at any time in his
life—so he went to a place as near as pos-
sible the antipodes.

  It was not surprising that, finding him-
self in Shanghai and without funds, he
should have offered to sell pills for an Amer-
ican patent-medicine company. The man-
ager of the concern sent him forth in the
middle of the cholera and dysentery season
to canvass the villages of tie flat, reeking
Yangtze basin.

  Gilbertson came back in a few weeks with
a creditable knowledge of Chinese, an un-
impaired constitution and tremendous prof-
its from the pills. Under the influence of
his oratory on street corners and in temple
yards the natives had bought his wares for
all ills. These marvelous pellets would cure
anything! Strangely, they did seem to work
miracles. The lame and the halt and the
disease - stricken had seemed to become
whole under the “foreign magic-pills.”

  On his next excursion Gilbertson was sent
further afield. He tired of the r61e of heal-
er, and finding himself in the remote west-
ern provinces of China determined to desert
his employers and march away over the
deserts and mountains of Central Asia, along
the route of the great Marco Polo and on
to the almost obliterated threshold of the
back door of Europe.

  Gilbertson put away the volume of Mar-
co Polo, blew out the candle, and, fingering
the holster of his revolver to give himself a
greater feeling of security, composed him-
self for sleep.

HIS hands were pinioned as in vises
when he came to a sudden, startled
awakening. His three companions
stood over him threateningly, and Vong was
unstrapping the holster of the revolver.

   Gilbertson struggled vainly, then ceased.
 They let him up and all four scrambled from
 the tent. Outside they stood silently, de-
 fiantly, under the cold desert stars, with the
 sand-murmuring blasts of the great waste
 shrieking through them.

  “We go now—back to the last water-
hole,” announced Vong triumphantly.
“Then one man goes on with the strongest
camel for more food—more camels.”

  “You can go and be- to you,” Gil-
bertson snarled at them. “I’ll stay. I’ll
keep going the other way—south. You
yellow vermin! A thousand curses on all
your ancestors!”

   Gilbertson’sl rage and impotence gave
him a sort of giddy feeling. The air seemed
full of lights and noises. He wondered if
he were becoming suddenly ill. Then he
thought of the evil spirits with which su-
perstitious natives people the desert, and
laughed until his voice stirred disturbing
,echoes.

   A passage from the book of Marco Polo
seemed to stand out before his eyes:
“Sometimes stray travelers will hear as it
were the tramp and hum of a great caval-
cade of people away from the real line of
road, and taking this to be their own com-
pany they will follow the sound; and when
day breaks they find that a cheat has been
put on them and that they are in an ill
plight. Even in the daytime one hears
those spirits talking. And sometimes you
shall hear the sound of a variety of musical
instruments, and still more commonly the
sound of drums. Hence in making this
journey ’tis customary for all travelers to

keep close together-”

   Gilbertson laughed again in a voice that
 caused his companions to glance at one an-
 other with a curious significance. Then he
 went into the tent, wrapped himself into
 his sleeping-bag and tossed in a feverish
 slumber until daybreak.

   His companions were gone, he found, as
 he left the tent. So were all but one of the
 camels—the poorest of the lot—and this
 one gazing with a patient yearning in the
 direction his fellows had taken. Food
 enough to last three or four days had been
 left for him, and a small cake of ice. He
 marveled at this human justice of the sand-
 sea mutineers.

   For an hour Gilbertson hesitated over
which course to take. Should he acknowl-
edge himself beaten and set out to follow
The Woman of the Desert

207

 his companions, or should he push on into
 the unknown?

   The devil spirits of the desert, of course,
were about him, whispering to be off—to
follow them into the waste. In the end he
yielded and went their way southward,
climbing laboriously up the slopes of the
great sand ranges, and at every crest strug-
gling against new disappointment at the
unchanging character of the landscape. He
must walk now, leading the camel, for the
poor beast, weakened by his long fast, was
sufficiently burdened with the meager camp
equipment.

  Through the long day Gilbertson stag-
gered, and when night came he found him-
self too weary for digging. Half the pre-
cious ice went for his tea, and when he had
eaten he slept in a stupor of exhaustion.

  Before dawn he was awake and had se-
lected a low gully between two towering
dunes for his digging. He found then that
his companions had taken the only spade,
so he was compelled to sacrifice the alcohol-
burner for conversion into a rude scoop. He
began an agony of labor that lasted for
hours, with only bitterness and exhaustion
for reward. The sand at six feet showed
but a slight trace of moisture.

   A sort of calm resignation succeeded the
first panic of disappointment. Gilbertson
was able to whistle a few bars of the latest
popular song that had been going the rounds
of the Shanghai music-halls before he left
on this trip; but the whistling only aggra-
vated his thirst. He approached the silent,
wistful camel and looked into the beast’s
hopeless eyes.

   “Not much longer for this world, are you,
old boy?” Gilbertson could not help saying
aloud.

   The sound of his voice, so many hours si-
lent, startled him. A faint echo came from
the sand-dunes, and he looked up, half ex-
pecting to glimpse somewhere another hu-
man. The mute sand-crests, stretching in
endless confusion, rebuked his thought.

   It was with difficulty that he got the
camel to his feet. The beast seemed to have
given up the fight. His vitality was gone.
He soon would be a part of the inanimate
void about him.

   Gilbertson pitied the animal and would
have given him the brotherly caress a man
gives his horse had not a leering curl of the
lips warned him the camel probably would
maintain his attitude of vicious repugnance

toward humans even in the shadow of
death. Those foul teeth must still keep the
two from the intimate companionship of
common danger.

  They swayed slowly through the track-
less sand, animate derelicts mutually repug-
nant but mutually dependent for life itself.
The gray sky seemed to creep down upon
them, and the wind seemed to mock
them with its spiteful buffetings of drifted
sand.

  Gilbertson had let his watch nm down,
but he had little need of it. His eyes were
for the needle of his compass, and for a sign
of relief in the still unchanging southern
horizon. Time was of no consequence. For
him space was the only dimension, water
the only element that mattered.

  Toward the middle of the afternoon the
camel faltered near the top of a dune steep-
er than any they had encountered before,
and slid feebly backward into the gully.
With a moan of infinite melancholy he
stretched his gaunt neck along the sand and
lay still. Though Gilbertson beat and kick-
ed at him, then spoke to him softly in the
words of Turkoman camel-drivers, the beast
would not respond.

   Gilbertson lay down in the sand, his face
on his arms, and tried to think. It had al-
ways been his theory that the mind is
stronger than the body. The mind must
find a way where the body could not.

  He reviewed the course of the whole ex-
pedition, counted over the number of days
they had been on the march, the estimated
number of miles traveled; he went over in
mind all the road lore of the desert that he
had picked up in the city at the edge of the
sand-sea, and reasoned that the sum of it
could not have led him astray. Truly, un-
less the compass was wrong, or the earth
altered, or the sun and stars changed in
their courses, he must, if he kept on, come
to the southern edge of the desert. To go
back—well, that was impossible now. He
must go on, as long as his strength held
out. That was the only solution. He must
go on.

  Strength seemed to fill him—the strength
of desperation. He sprang up, fumbled
feverishly among the camp equipment on
the fallen camel for the small quantity of
food he must take, and the remainder of the
ice. It required tremendous force of will to
keep from consuming the whole of the piti-
fully small lump of frozen treasure in a
208

Adventure

single orgy of gratification. But he crunched
only a little.

  Gilbertson did not look back at the dying
camel as he reached the crest of the dune
and slid down into the opposite gully. His
haste was too great. He was devoid of sen-
timent. He had neither pity, nor remem-
brance, nor any emotion. There was noth-
ing in his mind save the compelling desire
to consume the one dimension that was of
any consequence. There was but one goal,
one aim in life, one thing of value—water.

  He was not conscious of sand-hills or of
suns. Presently the stars were out but he
did not seem aware of it. He kept on,
toiling, panting, reeling through the night.

  This could not continue endlessly. He
faltered at last near the top of a steep dune,
as the camel had done, and fell back, sliding
helplessly to the bottom. He tried again,
but exhaustion overcame him in the at-
tempt and he did not rise from the gully
this time, but remained, sprawling, face up-
ward to the stars. Then he slept.

  The sun and his thirst awoke him. He
did not seem to feel the cold, though in it
was the chill of frost. Dazedly he felt for
the ice, and in a delirium of haste crunched
the last of his small treasure. When he saw
that it was gone a sober fear overcame him.
He reviled himself for having eaten it, and
threw himself down with his face in the
sand. There was almost childishness in the
petulance of his grief.

  But the precious liquid had given new
life to his blood, and restored some of his
strength. He ate something and began to
stumble on, ever southward.

  At nightfall his thirst was agonizing. His
lips were parched and his tongue swollen.
He was hungry, but he could not eat. Food
choked him; he could not swallow.

  He began digging at the bottom of a gully.
In the intervals of utter exhaustion and
sleep that overcame him at times he con-
tinued digging through the night. At dawn
he had made a hole six feet deep. The
sand was moist but he knew that to find
water it would be necessary to go many
feet deeper.

  Sitting on the edge of his dry water-hole
a thought came to him suddenly and made
him rage hoarsely at the sky. Why had he
not drunk the blood of the dying camel?

  Then he ceased his shrieking at the sky
and wondered if he were going mad.

  He decided to die, peacefully, respectably,

and looked about him for a sand-crest that
would be a fitting monument. When he
had chosen one he climbed to the top of it
and disinterestedly surveyed the sand-sea.

  Afterward it seemed to him that he had
gazed for some time at an object below him
on the southern slope of the dune before he
realized in the least what it was. He was
aware that it was a dead camel long before
he perceived the significance of it. Then,
dully, the thought came to him that it was
his own camel, and that he had made his
way back to it through some sickening error
in the compass or in his reading of the stars.

  But when he had rolled nearer to the ob-
ject he saw that it was not his camel. The
wind had driven the stench of it away from
him during the night but could not protect
him now. He was nauseated and his illness
for a time robbed him of the strength to
crawl away.

  The sun shone full in his eyes, yet there
seemed to him to be a great grayness over
everything. Through this grayness he
gazed at a bit of curious silver inlay in the
saddle of the fallen camel, and managed to
crawl close to it in a childish fit of curiosity.

  His reward was the ghastly discovery that
behind the camel’s body was that of a man
—unmistakably the Chinese official of Kho-
tan who had gone into the desert with his
Peking concubine. In the dead hands was
clutched a carbine, the muzzle of which now
was poked impotently into the sand. Across
the man’s face was dried a streak of blood.

  In Gilbertson’s eyes the grayness in -
creased and then became utter darkness.

Ill

IN THE outlaw village nestling
along fertile banks of an out-crop-
ping of the desert-buried river, there
had been tremendous excitement all morn-
ing. The foreign man the wild-camel hunt-
ers had brought in yesterday was “ajive”
again, and the Chinese woman, whose hus-
band they had shot and afterward robbed,
sat by the man’s side talking in a strange
language. She had ceased to cry out for
death when she saw him, and now wept
gently as she talked.

  The language Gilbertson and the Chinese
woman spoke was German. She had ad-
dressed him in German because he was a
foreigner and that was the language she had
learned when her father was on foreign
The Woman of the Desert

209

service for the old Empress. He was able
to reply in German with what knowledge he
had gained of it in his vagabondage, though
each would have understood the other bet-
ter in mandarin.

  “What is this place?” asked Gilbertson
weakly, when she had somewhat dried her
tears.

  “It has no name,” answered the woman.
“The people are outlaws—they dare not
leave the desert.”

  “How did they happen to find me—by
the way, what happened to you two, out
there?” pointing to the desert.

  “They shot him,” she shuddered. “My
camel ran away with me, but they caught
him, and brought me here. The A mb an was
not killed, but fired at them from behind his
camel until they left. They are great cow-
ards. The chief, when he heard of it, made
them return. The Amban was dead, then,
and they found you there, almost dead too.”
“What will they do with us?”

  “The old chief is sick. He fears death.
Perhaps if you give him medicine he will let
you go.”

  “What will become of you?”

  “The foreign gentleman knows what will
become of me—he knows well.”

  Her look of graven resignation disturbed
him.

  “You mean you will become a slave to
one of them?”

  The woman nodded and fixed her eyes on
the dirt floor of the hut.

  A group of villagers who had stood open-
mouthed about the pile of matting upon
which Gilbertson lay, were thrust aside by
a man who appeared to be one in author-
ity. He was a tall, powerful Mongol, with
keen, intelligent eyes. Clearly he was not
of the inferior breed of Turkoman camel-
hunters about him.

  “Zahid Beg, the chief,” he said to Gil-
bertson in the Kansu dialect, “desires your
attendance. Can you walk, or must you be
carried?”

  “I think I had better be carried into his
royal presence,” replied Gilbertson, though
there was no such levity in his tone as in
his words.

  They picked him up and in a few paces
set him down in a hut larger than the others,
before the emaciated form of an old man.

  “Medicine!” demanded the sick man in a
dialect that had to be translated. “Give
me medicine.”

14

  Gilbertson well knew that to the heathen
all white men are doctors. He had no
medicine save half a dozen capsules of qui-
nine and a handful of the despised pills he
had sold consciencelessly for all known ills
and all unknown. Still, he thought, it
might be well to experiment with the old
man. Gratitude, perhaps, would give him
his freedom from what otherwise might be
perpetual servitude.

  “What is the reward if I make you well?”
he asked of the old chief.

  The Mongol muttered hoarsely and drew
the edge of his hand across his throat.

  “If you do not—” he threatened savagely.

  But the old chief looked more kindly upon
the captive.

  “Cure me,” he said, “and you shall have
what you ask: a garden, a house, a wife—
though of women there are few. You shall
choose from among them.”

  The promise did not give Gilbertson great
satisfaction, but he thought he saw in it
some advantage. With all the impressive-
ness he could muster he took the old man’s
pulse, looked into his eyes, examined his
tongue, moved his arms up and down as if
in first aid for the drowning—and then drew
forth the pills. Rolling one into his palm,
he muttered over it solemnly the opening
lines of Virgil’s /Eneid, and_ then popped it
into the old man’s mouth.

  With greater assurance even than the
haughty Mongol, Chang Ssu-yeh, Gilbert-
son disdained the carriers who had brought
him into the hut and strode forth to his own.

  For three days the village paid homage
to him, though Chang scowled over it. He
ate of the fat of the oasis. Each day he
went with pomp and circumstance to the
chief’s hut and administered a pill. On the
third day the chief arose, walked from the
hut, and announced himself not only cured
but refilled with the fires of youth.

  What a testimonial, thought Gilbertson,
this would be for the pill company if he
could but work it up into ad copy!

  The Zahid Beg’s first official act was to
proclaim a public banquet in honor of the
great medicine man. At this banquet Gil-
bertson was plied with so much honor it
wearied him. The climax came when the
old chief announced Gilbertson’s reward for
raising him from a sick bed.

  “The honorable pill-doctor,” said the
Beg, “shall have one of the finest melon
gardens. He shall dwell among us forever
210

Adventure

as our brother, and he shall be a headman
of the village. For his wife he shall take
the woman from the desert, who comes also
from distant peoples, and knows his man-
ner of speech. I have said—so must it be.”

  There were only two at the banquet-
board who did not join in the uproar of ap-
plause. They were Gilbertson and Chang
Ssu-yeh. Gilbertson did not notice Chang’s
glowering silence, for he was too busy with
anxious solicitude over himself. Neverthe-
less, with Chang for interpreter, he made
dignified response and accepted the chief’s
generosity. It was impossible to do less.

  In three days, the old chief announced
further, would the nuptials take place. On
the morrow a house would be built to shel-
ter the bride. In the meantime, to respect
the proprieties, the woman from the desert
would be housed with the chief’s own fam-
ily. Let there be great rejoicing and a gen-
eral holiday.

  Gilbertson strode away from the ruins of
the feast to refresh himself with air and with
contemplation. He still was too much of a
curiosity to go unaccompanied by a trail of
urchins and dogs, but he had lived in the
East long enough to become accustomed to
finding his needed solitude in entire indiffer-
ence to encompassing crowds of the curious.

  He strolled through the straggling village
farther than he had gone before, and was
surprised to see the extent of ruined struc-
tures, half covered with sand, that spoke
eloquently of buried generations. From his
knowledge of the sand-smothered cities of
the desert, and the fabulous stories told of
the romance and the richness of them, Gil-
bertson recognized in this extensive reach
of ruin what probably was a city of many
thousand inhabitants. The treacherous and
inconstant river probably had shifted its
stream to another bed and left the city to
the fate of parching winds and drifting sands.
Now it was back again and feeding this col-
ony of outlaws into renewed semblance of
the city it once destroyed.

  Desiccated timbers, impossible to say how
old, protruded from the sand—the gaunt
skeletons of houses. There were excavations
among many of the ruins, showing how the
present inhabitants had made effort to learn
the secret and reap the abandoned spoil of
the dead city.

  There were two persons loitering among
the buried houses, Gilbertson discovered,
other than the collection of children and

himself. Following him at some distance
was Chang Ssu-yeh, and in advance of him,
unaware yet of his presence, was the Chi-
nese woman of the desert. He caught up
with her, and when she had overcome the
cultivated shyness of all Chinese women in
the presence of men he told her the old
chief’s decree.

  At first she looked at him incredulously,
with black eyes round and wide in surprise.
Then a pink flush spread under the delicate
olive of her skin and her eyes dropped with
her averted face.

  “Pretty tough for you, isn’t it?” he said,
speaking in the classical language with
words that expressed as nearly as possible
the terseness of the Anglo-Saxon.

  She looked up quickly with an apprehen-
sive expression. Her features, more mobile
by far than those of any other Chinese
woman he had known, registered plainly a
growing alarm. With a start he understood,
and returned rather evasively, her gaze that
was filled now with more than doubt—a
gaze full of the tragic resignation that
marks the life and entombs the hopes of the
Orient’s women.

  She thought:

  “The white man does not wish to marry
me. But I wish to marry him. He is bet-
ter than these camel-drivers. I must kill
myself if he does not.”

  He thought:

  “By all the gods, Buddha, the woman
wouldn’t mind marrying me! She doesn’t
like the idea of tying up with one of these
dirty camel thieves for life. But I can’t
marry her. It would be something of an
adventure, but I couldn’t have a flock of
little half-breeds trailing around at my
heels.”

  As they continued to gaze into each
other’s eyes she was thinking with a bitter-
ness of heart:

  “He will not marry me. I am a yellow
woman to him. He does not know that I
am proud, too, like all Chinese women.
And I am better than Chinese—I am Man-
chu. My people would say it is a disgrace
for me to marry a white man. Besides, I
am not beautiful like the foreign women.
He could not love me.”

  But this is what he was thinking:

  “She is a beautiful woman. I have been
too long away from women. She makes my
heart beat faster. Why not? If I knew
whether we could escape-”
The Woman of the Desert

211

  The woman heard the sound of footsteps
in the yielding sand and turned her head so
that the jade pendants from her ears swung
sharply against her cheeks. She saw Chang
Ssu-yeh standing near them in the group of
staring urchins. Gilbertson looked toward
him without welcome.

  Chang scattered the urchins out of hear-
ing distance and came nearer.

  “We can escape,” he confided to them.
“How?” asked Gilbertson, troubled by
the expression of the woman’s eyes.

  “There must be gifts and silks for the
wedding, and we have nothing here. I go
for it. The wedding must wait. The old
chief has said. It is only six days to the
great caravan route.”

  “Are you going alone?”

  “Two men go with me. The camels will
halt beyond the first great ridge of dunes
and wait until midnight. You must come
to us there—you and the woman.”

  “But they will follow us. Are you well
armed?”

  “There are guns here, but only a little
ammunition. The chief has it and guards
it as his life. He will give me enough for
safety, but the woman must bring the rest.
She must find it. Besides, we shall take
the best of the camels. Chang Ssu-yeh will
see to that.”

  The three stood expectantly silent.
  “Tomorrow?” asked Gilbertson.
  “Tomorrow.”

  Gilbertson found it easier to decide if he
looked away from the fear in the woman’s
face.

  “It would be best to take a chance,” he
thought. “She will be safe in any event.”
The woman, with clearer penetration of
motive than the man, was thinking:

  “I am lost. The Mongol desires me and
will take me. Yet I must go since the white
man wills it. Perhaps if I yield the Mon-
gol will not kill-”

  And Chang, behind the yellowed-bronze
mask of his immobile features, thought sim-
ply this:

  “It will be easy to cut the fool of a white
man’s throat as he sleeps.”

IV

GILBERTSON and the woman
stumbled through the frozen gravel-
paths leading to the first rows of
sand-dunes, pausing at intervals to look

back, breathlessly, to see if they were pur-
sued. It had seemed a forlorn hope, this
escape, so closely were they under the sur-
veillance of the curious villagers with whom
they lodged. Gilbertson had not found it
easy to slip away until long after midnight,
and then he could take with him little that
would be of service on a long trip through
the Winter desert.

  For the woman it was still less easy, and
she came pitifully unprepared for the jour-
ney, yet clutching fearfully in her wide
sleeves a collection of cartridge-boxes that
it had been her assigned task to find. She
would not let him relieve her of the burden,
so Gilbertson put his arm about her slen-
der shoulders as the best means of assisting
her. She looked up at him, startled, when
she felt the pressure of the arm, then lost
her shyness in a breathless laugh. She
seemed to be developing new characteristics
— becoming a new creature — here in the
wild freedom of the desert wastes.

  They had reached the dunes and were
picking their way carefully eastward. From
the top of each sand-eminence Gilbertson
looked for the light that should guide them
to the waiting caravan.

  For an hour they toiled on, the woman’s
weary feet lagging and demanding frequent
rest. She seemed to lean with more confi-
dence now upon his arm, and with a great-
er abandon. He was keenly conscious of it,
too, and it gave him a sense of proprietor-
ship commingled with a certain aggressive,
protective feeling less easy to name. He
looked down upon the knob of smooth,
black hair that came just to his shoulder
and now and then rested wearily but ca-
ressingly against it.

  Perhaps he was a fool to be leaving the
desert oasis. For leaving there meant leav-
ing her, of course, though she was going with
him. In the desert village it would not
have been impossible—the old chief’s vision
of a house, a garden and in the midst of it
the woman of mystery from the desert. But
out in the wide world—well, one must al-
ways be thinking of going home some time
for the remainder of one’s days, and one
can not go home with a Chinese wife. And
if he have a conscience he can not leave the
Chinese wife—and the children.

  There had been many women in Gilbert-
son’s life, but they had been as ships that
pass in the night. He had boasted of his
lack of susceptibility. So there was little
212

Adventure

excuse for him when, as they saw the cara-
van light at last from the top of a sand-
dune, he kissed the Chinese woman on the
lips and held her in an embrace to which
she yielded wonderingly.

  Gilbertson discovered that a kiss elimi-
nates a woman’s creed, race and color, and
leaves only sex. The spontaneity of his ac-
tion and the warmth of her response dis-
turbed him, and he stood away from her
almost coldly. A dozen paces away he saw
Chang, who had come out impatiently to
meet them. Chang had watched them there
on the summit of the dune, outlined against
a cold moon, and his lips framed unuttered
Mongol oaths.

  The camels went swaying into the night
and far into the day. There was no pur-
suit. Apparently the villagers, robbed of
their only successful means of combating
the fugitives, had been content to swallow
their rage. The pill-doctor was lost to
them, with his magic pellets, lack of which
might permit an early grave to enfold the
superstitious old chief.

  At midday the camels were halted for a
brief rest and then urged onward wearily
till night. The men found water by dig-
ging, and Gilbertson saw that his old course
would have brought him to safety if he
could have held out.

  The woman came to him as Chang made
camp, and in a voice that had fear and elo-
quence, gave him warning.

  “You will be careful, my master,” she
said. “He will kill you.”

  “Nonsense — Chang?” laughed Gilbert-
son.

  But she put a finger on her lips and looked
a sorrowful rebuke.

  “Why should he kill me?” asked Gilbert-
son more soberly. “All he wants is Zahid
Beg’s wedding-money and the camels, and
an undisputed trail into Mongolia.”

  The woman looked at him pityingly, tem-
pering her impatience with fear.

  Chang interrupted them, and though Gil-
bertson would not admit the thought of
treachery on the part of the Mongol, it was
easy to imagine the existence of a sinister
regard in the man’s eyes.

  Chang said something to the woman in a
dialect Gilbertson did not understand, and
she walked away with him. To Gilbertson
there was something in her attitude that
suggested the cowering of a frightened child
under a blow.

  He turned away and strode a few paces
into the desert. A cold wind blew across
the tops of the dunes and eddied into the
gullies with mournful soughing. There was
a thick haze over the horizon, and only a
few stars near the zenith were visible. The
blackness of the night was oppressive. The
sound of the wind gave creepy suggestion
of those evil spirits of old Ser Marco, calling
the unwary to destruction in the great
waste.

  Of a sudden Gilbertson recalled that he
was totally unarmed. He had not even a
knife. He would not permit himself to fear
attack by the Mongol, yet he knew it was
folly for him to remain without means of
defense. Some weapon was necessary, if
not for his own security, at least for that
of the woman. Among the camp utensils
he had seen a beautiful sharp-pointed knife,
one that might have been used for the flay-
ing of wild camels. Of this knife he resolved
to possess himself.

  Gilbertson made his appearance some-
what tardily at the meager evening meal.
He gulped his tea and munched dried melon-
rinds with a sort of nervous self-conscious-
ness that grew out of his furtive alertness
for a chance to purloin the coveted knife.
It was there, among the camp utensils,
gleaming dully in the light of the fire. The
intensity of his desire for it had grown until
the knife seemed to him now the most de-
sired object in the world.

  When Chang, at the close of the meal,
picked up the knife and casually slipped it
into his belt, Gilbertson could have shouted
with rage. Then a feeling of the utmost
chagrin was succeeded by a sense of grow-
ing indifference that bordered upon reck-
lessness. He startled his companions by
laughing harshly, as he had done on that
previous occasion in the desert when he
found himself in the hands of a similarly
callous fate.

  He went to a sheltered gully to windward
of camp, where the drifted sand was soft
and deep, and wrapped himself in his sleep-
ing-bag. What was the use of battling with
fate? If the Mongol meant to kill him he
would do it, no doubt. What chance had
he against a man armed with a gun and a
knife? Perhaps he might wrest one or the
other from him in personal encounter, but
could he, single-handed, hope to disarm the
man completely?

  His mind hesitated a moment over the
The Woman of the Desert

213

possibility of stealing upon the Mongol as
he slept, then dismissed the thought.
Chang had boasted of the fact that he slept
with his eyes half-open.

  Strangely enough, Gilbertson slept as a
child sleeps.

CHANG lay in the lee of a camel
for warmth, the vileness of camel-
odor being in no sense a deterrent
to his hardened sensibilities. He fingered
the knife at his belt, and opening the cham-
ber of the revolver saw that it was filled
with cartridges. He placed no great reli-
ance in such affairs as this upon the gun.
In fact he had always looked with a good
deal of suspicion upon this invention of the
foreign devil.

  The knife—that was the thing.

  Tucking the revolver into the folds of his
outer garment he felt once more the keen
edge of the blade, then slipped it again into
his belt, lying back into the sand, waiting.
The woman was becoming too fond of the
foreigner. He could see that in her eyes.
It was better that it should end at once.
There would be one less mouth to feed, and
there was not too much food to last until
they could get more.

  The woman, under her tiny tent of skins,
lay in an icy trembling. She had resolved
to sacrifice herself for the man—no uncom-
mon thing in a land whose literature and
tradition are most richly adorned by the
heroic sacrifices of women, but one never-
theless to cause this one to tremble. It was
the sort of sacrifice hundreds of thousands
of women have made in the East to the call
of filial piety.

  The woman’s trembling ceased when she
rose and stole softly from the tent. A sil-
ver crescent of moon etched dim outlines
into the desolate landscape. She made out
the forms of the camels and went toward
them, very slowly, fearful even of the wraith
of shadow that followed her.

  In the lee of the first camel lay the man
to whom she must give herself in an effort
to disarm him of that weapon which other-
wise would slay the foreigner. The white
man—this was all that caused her to hesi-
tate, for she had no fear for herself—might
not understand. He might abandon her,
even kill her, for what she was about to do.

  These foreigners, she knew, had strange
ideas concerning the value of a woman’s
bodily purity. Thus, success might mean

disaster equally as great as failure; yet she
was determined to possess herself of that
weapon about which all life now seemed to
revolve.

  The woman knelt swiftly at the side of
the sleeping Mongol. Shudderingly she pre-
pared to waken him with a caress of aban-
donment. She saw the gleam of his eyes
through thin slits between his eyelids, and
wondered if he were awake. But his breath-
ing was regular; he was asleep—asleep with
his eyes open, as he had so often boasted.

  Her hesitation gave time for a discovery
that startled her heart into a wild crescendo.
From an opening in his cotton-padded outer
garment protruded the butt of the revolver.

  With the movement of a cat poised for
recoil she touched it, closed her fingers
about it, and, keeping her eyes upon his
face, slowly pulled it forth. Primitive in-
stinct almost overpowered her. Rage welled
up within her breast as if in compensation
for her previous fear. Consciousness of
power made her exult in a desire to kill, to
be revenged.

  She knew nothing of guns, but undoubt-
edly could shoot him as he lay. Yet she
stole away, triumphantly, lightly, her soul
in a transport of exultation. It was a tri-
umph no less keen than if she had made
her sacrifice. Having desired and dared the
sacrifice, hers must still be the credit in her
own soul.

  “It is the man’s place to kill,” she mut-
tered to herself as she stumbled through the
sand, carrying the weapon to Gilbertson.

  But her knees suddenly became unsteady,
the beating of her heart oppressive. She
must rest awhile. Under the rude tent of
skins she held the gun to her cheek and
trembled once more with weakness and fear.

  Chang, dreaming of his native Mongol
village, with wild flowers blooming in the
wide pastures and the Chinese woman of
the desert by his side in the doorway of an
adobe hut, awoke suddenly and cursed him-
self for having slept. It seemed to him in
his dream that the Chinese woman had
drawn a knife from his belt and thrust it
feebly against his breast. He reached for
the knife, now that he was awake, and was
reassured by the touch of the cold blade.

  He had not intended to sleep. There
must be no sleep for him until the white
man was out of the way. Perhaps this
would be the best time. Why wait any
longer?
214

Adventure

  Chang rose from the foul warmth of the
camel’s bed and looked toward the gully
where Gilbertson lay. He had no thought
of the distrusted revolver, but kept his hand
caressingly upon the handle of the knife.

  Gilbertson awoke with a premonition so
clear and ghastly it left no doubt in his
mind as to the intent of the dark figure
that bent menacingly over him. With a
stifled cry he sprang as the Mongol’s knife
fell, and spoiled the aim of the blow.

  All the strength he could command was
centered in a convulsive lurch toward
Chang’s feet. He grappled them, and tug-
ged with such a tempestuous fury that the
Mongol reeled and fell heavily backward.
The sleeping-blanket hampered the white
man’s efforts to get to his feet and the
Mongol was up before him.

  The great weight of the man’s body,
lunging fiercely at Gilbertson, carried him
helplessly into the sand, but he grasped the
hand that held the knife, and, holding it to
his mouth, tore savagely at the tendons of
the wrist with his teeth. No sound of agony
came from the Mongol, but taking the knife
into his left hand he plunged it swiftly, sure-
ly, into the white man’s side.

  The woman, in her tent, heard nothing
save the wind that shrieked like an endless
troupe of demons over the crests of sand.
When she had regained her strength she
went out toward the gully where Gilbert-
son lay. She was in time to see the pitiful
struggle that ended in a moan from the
white man and a quivering into helpless re-
laxation.

  As Chang stood up over his victim, a
leer of barbaric satisfaction curling his Ups,
the woman confronted him. She could not
have told how she managed it, but in her
hands the gun spoke, shaking the solitude
of the desert. Before the Mongol fell she
shot again, and then, standing over his
quiet form she made the gun blaze vivid
paths of flame into his body until its cham-
ber was empty and only successive empty
clicks answered the movement of her fin-
ger on the trigger.

V

VONG found them there in the early
forenoon, the woman in a ghastly
hysteria, the camel-drivers helpless
with terror, and Gilbertson moaning in his
blood beside the body of the Mongol.

  The great caravan of which Vong was a
member halted there all day, and camped
there at night, though it was far from a
water-hole. There were Chinese officials
wearing insignia of the court at Peking in
the caravan, and a guard of soldiers from
Hami. The officials looked upon it as a
miracle that the woman of whom they had
come in search should have been found
thus. They weighed secretly, in anticipa-
tion, the gold of their reward. The sur-
prise had been accented by the discovery
three days before of a dead camel and be-
side it the Ambon's rotting corpse.

  To Vong the discovery of Gilbertson was
no less a surprise after encountering, five
days previously, Gilbertson’s dead “ship of
the desert” and his camp outfit, half buried
in drifted sand!

  Delirium came to Gilbertson before he
understood the cause of his deliverance, and
the delirium continued over the slow desert
marches that brought him on an improvised
stretcher, carried by camel-drivers, into the
city of Khotan. The mission-doctor treated
him there and the verdict was slow recovery.

   To the house of the missionary, when Gil-
bertson regained consciousness, came the
woman of the desert. They looked into
each other’s eyes in silence for a long time
before speaking. Even when they spoke it
was not to make clearer their understand-
ing.

  “This is a wonderful woman,” thought
Gilbertson. “Beautiful, courageous, a wo-
man to whom life would be the least of all
sacrifices for the man she loved. If she
were only white I would marry her.”

  “I thought I loved the young emperor,”
was what ran through the woman’s mind.
“But this white man is the one who is mas-
ter of my soul. I would willingly give up
the life of luxury to which I am recalled in
the emperor’s household for this wandering
foreigner. He will not marry me, but I
would be content as his slave, his plaything.
Yet he is too honorable, according to the
foolish standards they call morals in his
country, to have me for a mistress—or per-
haps too wise, since it would be dishonor
to him.”

   Her soul was very full of a great sickness,
but the smile that played upon her face was
the studied smile of the stoic East that so
skilfully conceals the ills of the soul. When
she spoke it was only to say:

  “Tomorrow, O honorable one, the caravan
The Camp-Fire

215

returns across the desert. I am going
back to Peking, to become the young em-
peror’s third wife. I do not wish to go.”
“Stay here then,” was what impulse urged
him to say, but his spoken rejoinder was:
“Has your father regained the confidence
of the Old Buddha, then?”

  She nodded.

  “He has become a viceroy.”

  There seemed to be nothing more to say,
yet she sat there a long time, silent, before
she went away.

  When she was gone Gilbertson projected
himself into a new delirium by leaping from
the bed to go in search of the woman—to
hold her, to keep her, to beg her to stay.
The half-healed wound opened anew and
the mission doctor looked upon him with a
somber countenance.

  The delirium went away and Gilbertson’s

mind became clear again. Vong came and
bent over him. Gilbertson remembered the
perdition to which he had consigned Vong
on the desert march, and marveled at the
man’s fidelity. Vong could have taken Gil-
bertson’s silver, but he had not. Instead,
he had brought it from the pack on the
dead camel. It was all there, every ounce.

 “Have you had any word from the little
 wife?” asked Gilbertson kindly.

 “She has another son,” smiled the inter-
 preter.

 After an interval, closing his eyes, Gil-
 bertson asked in a faint voice—

“The woman, Vong—where is she?”

“Gone.”

“How long, Vong?”

 “Five days.”

 Gilbertson turned his face to the wall
 and cursed his conventional Western soul.

THE CAMP-FIRE

AMEETING-PLACE FOR,
READERS, WRITERS AND
ADVENTURERS

/^ARROLL K. MICHENER, with his
first story in our magazine, follows our
custom and stands up to introduce himself:

  There is nothing more stimulating to the imagina-
tion than to stand at the great gates of Peking, and
watch the camel caravans filing in with their silent,
shuffling tread, ending a journey that may have
brought them from the very center of the continent.
What endless stretches of desert sands they have
traversed, what solitudes, what cities, what moun-
tains and valleysl They stir up untold images of
the people and places, beyond the Great Wall
through which they have passed not long since in
their descent from the Mongol mountains to the
fertile plains of China.

TT WAS such a caravan as one of these, dust-
grimed, wearied, shuffling in through the great
south gate of the Tartar city of Peking, that was the
inspiration of my story, “The Woman of the Des-
ert.” And into the story I put a bit of the per-
sonality of a real man, a friend, .one of the truest
adventurers living, and a bit of the life he has lived.
It is not his story, the story of the man and the
woman in the desert, but the web of it is spun from
yam raveled for me from his adventures, sitting
through long, hot nights in a newspaper office in
Shanghai.

  I have never crossed a desert, but desert lore has
always had a fascination for me. I shall cross a
desert before I die, or the Fates are unkind. They
were unkind once, when they laid me low with a
Far Eastern fever while I contemplated a fleeting
opportunity to cross Asia by unbeaten paths from
the Pacific to the Mediterranean, but I do not cher-
ish it against the Fates, with whom it is well for an
adventurer to be on good terms.

jDUT though I have not crossed a desert in fact,
I have passed through all the waste places in
the Eastern hemisphere with the greatest of the ex-
plorers. Of these, my favorite companion of the
travel-books has been the incomparable Sven Hedin,
the greater part of whose lifetime has been spent in
trekking through the unknown or little-known re-
gions of Asia. From him and from my friend the
adventurer—who really is a pill-seller in darkest
Asia!—I have borrowed whatever there is of desert
lore in “The Woman of the Desert.” The custom
of carrying ice in a blanket through the deserts will
not seem strange to those who are familiar with
Sven Hedin—nor will a thousand strange things con-
cerning the peoples and places of remote Asia that
might have been borrowed into the tale.

T’M A little shy of speaking about myself, so
even though the Camp-Fire offers an incom-
parable opportunity, I’m going to be brief. I’m a
216	Adventure

newspaper man who has haunted the newspaper
offices of many cities in the United States. My only
real claim to capital adventure, however, is having
worked my way around the world as a newspaper
writer, picking up a job wherever I landed “broke,”
and staying until I had enough to move on. I went
leisurely, stopping when it pleased me to stop long,
and the journey took three and a half years. Ha-
waii claimed me for many months, then Japan; but
China held me longest. I loathed the country when
I first set foot in it, but learned to love it—and
stayed a year! _

/~\LD-TIME members of the Camp-Fire
will be glad to know that at this writ-
ing the last report (from Montevideo, Uru-
guay) on our old friend Captain Fritz Du-
quesne states that he was merely severely
wounded in his expedition’s fight with hos-
tile Indians near the Bolivian border of the
Argentine, not killed as was first cabled
from Buenos Aires to the newspapers here.

  After several years of silence during his
former expedition up the Amazon I and
others got brief word from him that after a
bad time with fever he was again all right
and was soon to sail for this country. But
on the eve of departure came the chance to
command the Bolivian expedition and he
couldn’t resist. The last report says he was
found by troops somewhere along the Pilco-
mayo River, which divides Paraguay from
the Argentine, after a fight in which his
party were victorious.

SO MANY new readers of Adventure
have joined our ranks of late that it
would seem the part of good-fellowship for
all of us old members of the Camp-Fire to
stand up in our places and welcome them
with a friendly greeting. We all come to-
gether here as comrades with a common in-
terest in the strong, wholesome things of
life and those who are new among us should
be made to feel as much at home as if they
had always been of our number. So many
new readers of Adventure have joined us re-
cently — the six months ending with the
March issue showed an increase of forty per
cent, and the present six months, from all
indications, are bringing us a still greater
number—that it seems up to us of the “old
guard” to extend to them in a body our
hearty greetings and friendly welcome.

COME time ago F. M. Muhlig, County
^ Superintendent of Schools for Will
County, Illinois, wrote to me suggesting
that it would make excellent reading if the
magazine could get the full story of the

“Gang from Pincher’s Creek.” I wrote
Mr. Muhlig, hoping he himself could give us
the tale, but he had not the time for this.
He did, however hastily jot down the story
in brief for me, to pass on to the Camp-
Fire. How many of you know about it? It
would seem, as Mr. Muhlig says, too worthy
for oblivion.

  Received your reply to my inquiry as to the story
of the “Gang from Pincher’s Creek.” Hope you
can get it from some one posted. I can not tell it,
but the “Gang” consisted of three men who en-
listed from “Pincher’s Creek,” which is in Alberta.
They came from Montana to Canada. They pro-
claimed frankly to the world and the British
army in particular that they were from Pincher’s
Creek.

  Their abilities as horsemen and their plains’ ex-
perience made them invaluable as scouts. As they
were inseparable they scouted together.

U PON one of their scouts they discovered the
approach of a large body of Boers who were
heading for a pass which, if occupied, would have
formed a fatal ciU de sac for a hundred or more Brit-
ish who had been detached from the main force.
There was no lime to rush for reinforcements or to
warn the endangered British. There was but one
thing to do—delay the Boers until the British had
passed through the neck of the trap.

  Without hesitation they did this. The British
came through without molestation, but a search
party found the “Gang from Pincher’s Creek” lying
dead among the rocks where their heroic stand was
made. The ground was dotted with empty shells.
The three cartridge-belts were found by the side of
one man who was evidently the last one alive.
Every cartridge had been fired. The bodies were
riddled with rifle balls. It was ascertained that at
least thirty Boers died there.

'T'HE account of this was read in genera! orders
to the men of the British army and I have
heard that a monument was erected where they fell.
Some old “scout” who served with Baden-Powell
will remember the reading of the orders. The inci-
dent is too worthy for oblivion.—F. M. Muhlig.

DY WAY of introduction from M. F.

    Brooks, concerning his story in this
issue:

  Old Wade and Measles are real characters, with
whom I have for years been associated in trips in
the mountains and valleys of California. I have put
in years in Death Valley and the Mojave Desert
and I try to introduce into each story locations
and details that are real and descriptive of this
remarkable territory so little known to the people
generally.	_

TO THE Red-Heads, the Gray-Heads,
American Foreign Legion, Highland
Brigade, and the other similar regiments
has been added the suggestion of a Musi-
cians’ Regiment, by R. S. Edmiston of the
The Camp-Fire	217

Second Ind. Band, Miss. N. G., Quitman,
Miss. Also a regiment of Tropical Tramps,
by G. G. Lansing, 172 Ridgewood Ave.,
Ridgewood, N. J., who will act as temporary
organizer.

  As stated previously, the important point
back of all these suggestions is the plan of
naming and recruiting regiments according
to their members’ common ancestry, tra-
ditions, physical characteristics, etc., thus
getting value, at no expense, from that very
practical thing, esprit de corps. Our present
system of designating regiments merely by
dry, almost meaningless and undistinguish-
ing numbers is stupid.

  I know quite well that most of these regi-
ments will not materialize. Unless this
country should be plunged into war. (The
Civil and the Spanish wars developed simi-
lar organizations.) Or unless, as in the case
of a few of them, some one or more of you
take hold of the actual work of organizing
and push it through. But all of them help a
little in the work for Defense, and back of
all of them is this idea of added esprit de
corps, which only those unfamiliar with
military affairs will dismiss as not being ex-
tremely practical and important.

THIS thing of truth’s being stranger than
fiction makes an editor a lot of trouble.
Frequently we reject a story because it is
“unconvincing” or “sounds improbable.”
Sometimes the author writes back in wrath
or glee and tells us the story is strictly based
on fact. He feels he “has it on” us. He
hasn’t. He has simply forgotten that a
story that is pure fiction may be so well and
so naturally told that it sounds entirely
possible, while the truth may be so poorly
told that it sounds untrue. Or the truth
may be so unusual or amazing that no skill
in telling can make it sound true.

  Now what would be the good of giving
our readers true stories that sounded like
lies? If a story seems utterly absurd to a
reader, it does, and that’s all there is about
it, even if it is actually true. A reader sel-
dom has time, chance or wish to start a
serious investigation of the magazine stories
he reads. He reads, passes judgment and
that’s generally an end of the matter.

"VTOW consider a story in this very issue—
“Yahoya.” As the manuscript came
to us it stated that one of the Hopi Indians
ran 800 miles in 10 days—80 miles a day.

It might be true but we knew most of our
readers would think it a wild exaggeration.
So, with Mr. Gregory’s consent, we changed
it to twenty days, 40 miles a day—cut it
square in two. Yet even so some of you
may have written it down as a bad break
and wholly impossible. We made similar
changes elsewhere in the tale. Mr.
Gregory’s letter follows:

   I agree with you in the matter of toning down the
startling matter in the endurance racing. I put the
stuff in because it’s the truth; because I believe it;
because when you speak of Hopi you speak of an
animal that is as different from the Bahana as is a
wolf from a French poodle. Those le;in-bodied devils
can do the thing I have told of them; they were
builded for it by the desert. But, when all is said
and done, I have given you a story and the less it
strains credulity upon non-essential points, the better
it is going to pan out. Will you cut down the num-
ber of miles yourself? Or do you want me to do it?

  And here are two notes that accompanied
the original manuscript:

   In connection with the endurance and swiftness
of the Southwestern Indian the following fact, well
known to thousands of white men who know these
strange people, may be cited: The men of Oraibi
will run out across the hot desert sands a distance of
40 miles, do a day’s work there in their corn-fields,
and run back the same day to Oraibi!

   See also George Wharton James’s, “The Indians
of the Painted Desert,” p. 91: “One Oraibi, Ku-wa-
wen-ti-wa, ran from Oraibi to Moenkopi, thence to
Walpi and back to Oraibi, a distance of over 90
miles, in one day.” _

HERE is a pungent little acrostic for
National Defense, sent in by Clarence
W. Hamilton of Franklin, Ohio. It’s the
surest way to spell Peace: Prepare! Else
America Can’t Exist.

WHO knows whether any concessions
have been granted in respect to
these two South American lakes reported
to contain a vast treasure?

Daytona, Fla.

   As a mining engineer, and more or less an adven-
turer, I read with special interest the stories of “Lost
Treasures of the World.” I was particularly struck
with the physical conditions described in the case
of the treasure of I’ozo de Donto, and also the Sa-
cred Lake of the Chibchas.

J HAVE had occasion more than once, in an-
other part of the world, to desire to lift the
“wash,” containing tin and gold, from the bottom of
a swamp or small lake, such as is described in the
cases above. I could not afford much money for
lant, and few men were available and wages very
igh. I thought the matter out, and tried many
experiments, and at last arrived at a solution of the
218

Adventure

difficulty. I got out the tin all right, and it cost
me very little more than mining under more favor-
able conditions. The method was novel,'and neither
before or since have I seen it adopted. It would be
the ideal method to employ in the case of these
treasure lakes, and is thoroughly applicable to them,
if the rough description given is even approximately
correct.

(~]AN you tell me if any concession is held over
either or both these lakes at the present time?
And if so, how can I get in touch with the owners?
I would iike to suggest to those interested (for a
consideration of course, if my methods were adopt-
ed) a certain and cheap method of solving the dif-
ficulty.

  If they are not so held I should like to know, for
in that case I should go and look over the ground,
and if they are as described, then form an adven-
ture party, adopt my dodge, and—prove if those
$600,000,000 are really awaiting the adventurer.—
R. Purdue. _

T>Y CAMP-FIRE custom Roy P. Church-
ill rises and introduces himself on the
occasion of the first story he gives us:

  A lot of the people in the United States have no
idea at all, or at least a very limited one, of the
Navy. They know we have one, but what the ships
do and how the men live is a closed book to them.
My excuse for pestering the editors with Navy
stories is to tell about the Navy and let some of the
people on the “Outside” know how the boys on the
“Inside” live and love and play and fight.

T ENLISTED from an inland town, in Kentucky

  to be exact, as a landsman for training and was
paid off with a “big ticket” as a boatswain’s mate.
The experiences I had and the yarns I heard form
the basis for the stories. Some of my shipmates in
the South Atlantic may recognize themselves or
their friends and I wonder if somebody will pick up
this copy of Adventure and remember the forty-day
trip the windjammer Alliance made from Hampton
Roads to Plymouth.

  The idea for “Hereditary Evidence” came from
an experience while on furlough, and a train wreck in
California, where I now live. I thought it would
be unusual and interesting thus to combine the land
and sea.	_

PUBLISHING a story laid 3,300 years
ago is something new for this magazine.
Personally I like stories of the past, but I
realized many of you do not and when Mr.
Bishop, then a stranger to me, came in to
talk over in advance “In the Grip of the
Minotaur,” laid about 1400 B. c., I sort of
shied away from it. Also I feared he and
Dr. Brodeur knew too much about arche-
ology and ancient history to write a fiction
tale without spoiling its story with too much
lugged-in information.

  But I took a chance and I’m glad I did.
I don’t think any one can accuse the authors
of parading the knowledge they undoubt-

edly have or of failing to say their say sim-
ply and clearly. It’s a man’s story, told by
men. And, to me at least, it’s a very real
world its characters move in.

AS TO Crete’s wonderfully developed
civilization in that distant day I think
you will find the story’s local color true and
in accord with the latest findings of scien-
tific investigation and theory. Any of
you who can visit the famous Cretan col-
lection in the Metropolitan Museum of
Art in this city can verify quite a good
deal of it.

  In accordance with Camp-Fire custom,
here is a word of introduction from Mr.
Bishop, speaking for both authors. (Inci-
dentally it was written when Mr. Bishop
was enlisting in the First Armored Motor
Battery, N. G. N. Y., a pioneer in that
branch of national preparedness.)

   In reply to your letter asking for the titles of the
“scientific books” Dr. Brodeur and myself have
written, I would beg to state that there ain’t no sich
animiles. To be sure, Dr. Brodeur has translated
the Younger Edda into English for the Scandi-
navian-American Society. I have written “Panama
Past and Present,” “The Story of the Submarine,”
and several magazine articles on the Panama Canal.
Both of us have had a long training in historical re-
search, and a perverted taste for digging up queer
things out of the past.

pAST and present, like East and West, have the
same fascinating resemblances and differences,
whatever times and places you visit. There is a
certain village in England where men have been
chipping flints since the old Stone Age; first for
spear-heads, then for striking fire, then for flint-
locks, enough of which were traded into Africa to
keep half a dozen aged “flint-nappers” busy down
to the outbreak of the Great War. Then the whole
village went back to the old trade, for many soldiers
in the trenches are lighting their cigarettes with
flint and steel (Grant lit his cigars that way in the
Civil War), instead of matches. Compared to that,
what is a little thing like sanitary plumbing in
1400 b. c.?

'T'HE story of Atlantis was first set down by He-
rodotus, the Father of History, whom the
Egyptian priests told of the vanished glories of a
great island in the midst of the sea, from which
ships traded with Egypt till the island disappeared
beneath the waves. To the Greeks of Herodotus’s
time (about 430 b. c.), the sea meant the great ocean
beyond the Pillars of Hercules; so they placed the
lost island there. But to the Egyptians of a thou-
sand years before, the sea meant the Mediterranean.
We know that there existed on the island of Crete,
in the midst of the eastern end of that sea, a great
maritime civilization, which traded with Egypt for
many centuries, and came to an abrupt and catastro-
phic end about 1400 or 1350 b. c. What is more
natural than the growth of a legend, during the next
The Camp-Fire	219

thousand years, in which the cessation of all news
from the island was explained by its disappearance
beneath the sea?

  This theory was first advanced in an unsigned
letter to a London newspaper in 1906, and is now
accepted by many scholars, though we must wait
for more evidence before we can say that it is either
proved or disproved. It is the simplest and most
plausible solution of the Atlantis mystery, and calls
for no such tremendous convulsion of Nature as the
submergence of a large island or small continent.
Trying to account for the disappearance of Atlantis
is, in the present state of our knowledge, exactly
like trying to account for the disappearance of the
crew of the Marie Cilesle.

TN ASCRIBING the fall of Knossos to raiders

  from the North, Dr. Brodeur and I were simply
“plot-building.” My partner knows his Norsemen
—he reads sagas in the original Icelandic and could
work his passage on a viking ship—and he was
searching for some spot untouched by Rider Hag-
gard for his heroes to raid, when I mentioned
Minoan Crete. That was too early for vikings, but
not for the peaceful but by no means pacifist traders
who preceded them.

  As for our own adventures; we haven’t had any.
Both of us have led mild and peaceful middle-class
lives. We roomed together at Harvard.

HERE is an interesting chapter from an
adventurer’s life—a look-in for stay-
at-homes at the kind of things that are
happening away from the dull lines of rou-
tine in settled communities.

  I am not a writer by all means, but a reader of
your magazine ever since I came to the States. Will
quote briefly: Bom in the Highlands of Bavaria,
Germany, southern part, in 1887. Went to sea at
the age of 12 years, and you can take it from me I
had experiences and adventures of all sorts. Will
recount some of'them possibly to you later. Saw
in your Camp-Fire an article asking about informa-
tion concerning how your magazine was obtained
in out-of-the-way places. If interesting to you, will
recount it. By the way, tell you this only to keep
my mind busy and away from my present plight,
as I am down to my last dollar again. Well, here
she goes:

TT MUST have been in 1907 or ’08 that, while
wandering down South Street, I chanced upon
an old shipmate of mine. Same was mate, or
rather second mate and acting bos’un, on a handy
little three-sticker (a fore-and-after). Decided to
join him on the trip. We were bound to West In-
dies and Central American ports with a general
cargo. Outward bound, nothing happened. The
vessel had very good qualities, a fast sailer, and the
skipper an exceptionally hard driver. There were
only three men in the forecastle, myself included.

MOW, owing to harsh and unjust treatment, re-
ceived from the hands of German sailors dur-
ing three years of apprenticeship, I simply never
can take to any of them kindly. But one of these
seemed to be excepted. He came from the north-
ern part of Germany, somewhere up in Pomerania.
He was of good family and seemed to be an alto-

gether different fellow from the rest that I had to
deal with before. To make my yam shorter, we be-
came good mates, always recounting stories and
happenings from the old country.

  He was pretty green as far as seamanship was
concerned, never having been on any sailing vessel,
but I helped him out whenever possible and he soon
was doing very well indeed. In fact, too well, as
all of a sudden he fell victim to that terrible sick-
ness called swelled-head, and became quite a person-
age. But he never said boo when it came to reef-
ing or making fast topsails in a squall. After his
first attack I left him all to himself, and even re-
pulsed his later advances, as I now classed him with
the rest of the roundheads.

AA/Ti CAME to Puerto Cortez (Spanish Hondu-
ras) Christmas evening. The old man ad-
vanced us a couple of dollars. We rowed ashore to
celebrate in a dive run by a Frenchman. We got
hilarious and you know how it is when you have a
grudge against some one. Sooner or later it will out,
and wine in a tropical country sets you simply boil-
ing. Don’t know if it was a girl of that dive started
us off or what. Come to think now, it was some
brown Venus. He claimed that she favored him
better than me and we fools spent our $10 a mile a
minute, just to please her, and got thrown out
when we were broke.

  Outside, we renewed the argument. He being a
strong young man and I much smaller in propor-
tion, he thought to do away quickly with me. But
he found out different. I found I had to finish him
quickly and accordingly put all my strength and
energy in the assault and attacked him with a feroc-
ity that he had not expected. His style was that
of the wrestler, mine both wrestling and boxing.

T\TOW mind, at the time, the country down there
was in a revolutionary state and martial law
was pronounced in Puerto Cortez. When I laid him
out with a right-arm-swing to the jaw, my senses
cleared and I thought I had killed the man. I did
not have much time to find out, either, as a bunch
of native soldiers laid hold of me and we went in
the direction of the main part of the town. Then
realization came quick, and all the remorseful
thoughts of my action with it. I decided to escape
if possible.

  How I got away, and how I got back to the ves-
sel and away again, and how I had to hide from the
soldiers, in the swamps never before penetrated by
white men, alone would take a book to tell. I real-
ly don’t know today how long I hid, but found my-
self fever-crazed one morning on the beach, about
thirty miles from port. I was literally cut to pieces,
my whole body was swollen, as mosquitoes there
abound in real clouds. What a blessing that salt-
water bath was to me when I dragged myself on all
fours down to the water’s edge! You can not
imagine unless you have experienced something like it
yourself.

T-TOW I got along and acquainted myself with
some of the natives would make interesting
reading. To come back to my subject: Way out in
the swamps I lived unknown to any, outside of a
Chinaman and one black fellow. He was a deform-
ed Hercules, the most hideous being you could
imagine. He supplied me every month with food
from the town. We both were partners in the
220

Adventure

swamps where we gained a precarious existence by
burning blue mango wood and making charcoal (al-
most any woman in that country uses same). Also
gathering palm-kernels, stealing and marauding
upon plantations (only fruits), which the negro then
sold in Puerto Cortez to traders and in the public
market. Never did get much more out of it than
my grub, as he usually came home drunk, half of
the goods lost or stolen, and in a very bad frame of
mind. On those occasions had to defend myself for
life at times.

  Went almost crazy with the heat, then the rainy
weather arrived, and I got spells of fever again. The
only medicine I had was a grass which grows there,
of a sour taste, has very long leaves, and is used to
make tea for those stricken with fever.

QME day, during Grant’s absence (he called
himself Grant), I decided to do something—
get some books, at least, as I could endure it no long-
er to lay in our Mannaka shack day and night—
think and think. Got out to the beach (we were
camped some miles away, in the forest swamp), and
made my way along the same slowly. Came across
some natives (same are mostly mixed breeds, In-
dians, blacks, Spanish and Chinese), who gave me
a willing ride in their canoe for the day. They
camped at night somewhere along the beach, and
next morning I left them to make my way by boat,
as they told me there was a ranch run by an Amer-
ican not far distant. When I got there, I asked for
reading matter, and especially for my old friend, Ad-
venture. Imagine my chagrin when I could not get
a single copy of the same.

NTOWI have told you my yam. I don’t know if you
like same. It’s somewhat arduous and incom-
plete, and not what you asked for, only the reverse.
I went out for magazines, in my mind especially
the Adventure in the foreground, and got very much
disappointed. How I fared after I left the ranch
is still another story, too long to recount at present.
If you care to hear some more at another time, and
are able to read my bad English, I am always at
your disposition. For the present I am yours,—
Sam Tuer.

MOST of you will see at once that “The
Receipt” by S. B. H. Hurst in this
issue is a sequel to “The Marrow-Bone”
published early in this year.

I’M GLAD to republish here the follow-
ing from “Privates’ Manual,” by Cap-
tain Jas. A. Moss, U. S. A. The book is one
of the excellent series by Captain Moss
(Geo. Banta Pub. Co., Menasha, Wis.),
which includes “Field Service,” “Officers’
Manual,” “Non-Commissioned Officers’
Manual,” “Manual of Military Training,”
“Applied Minor Tactics,” “Militia Field
Manual,” “Field Sanitation,” “A Working
Knowledge of Spanish” and “Elements of
Modern Field Artillery.” “Self-Helps for
the Citizen-Soldier” has already been men-
tioned in Camp-Fire.

THE PATRIOT’S MILITARY CREED

T BELIEVE in Peace, but in Peace with Honor and
  Self-Respect.

T BELIEVE that War is a terrible thing that
should be avoided, if possible, but I also believe
that there are things in this world worse than War,
and Peace without Honor and Self-Respect is one of
them.

J BELIEVE in what the Flag of my Country
stands for—Honor, Justice, Truth, Civilization,
Democracy, Liberty, Humanity.

T BELIEVE it the duty of every American to up-
hold the Flag and what it stands for, and I be-
lieve it the duty of every able-bodied American
to prepare himself in a Military way for this Re-
sponsibility.

T BELIEVE in Personal Preparedness, by which
I mean if I am ever needed to defend my Sis-
ter, my Mother, my Home, and my Country, I will
be Prepared to do so.

T BELIEVE in National Preparedness, by whicfi
I mean my Country being Prepared to up-
hold what the Flag stands for and to defend itself if
attacked.

T BELIEVE that Citizenship carries with it Ob-
ligations as well as Privileges, and I believe
that Military Service is one of the most important
of these Obligations.

T BELIEVE in the benefits of Military Train-
ing; I believe that it strengthens the body,
benefits the health, improves the mind and teaches
obedience, respect for law and order, patriotism,
courtesy, honor, loyalty, manliness, cleanliness,
thoroughness, system, organization and team-work.
In short, I believe in Military Training because it
makes for Efficiency and better Citizenship.

HERE’S an old friend we haven’t heard
from for two years, and he reports
something that will be of particular inter-
est to those of you who knew the old West.
The omitted part of his letter was devoted
to “roasting” one of our recent novelettes,
but knocks, like boosts, we try to keep out of
“Camp - Fire.” The Indian words Mr.
Huston speaks of, were referred, as he sug-
gested, to Mr. C. L. Gilman, but the latter
claims little knowledge of the Ojibway lan-
guage.

Camp in the Mountains back of St. Helena, Calif.

                                  Jan. is, 1916.

   Still here (just knocked wood) but getting older
and weaker. A ten-mile line of twenty traps is
hard for me now, but the spirit is yet strong.

   Itjis snowing like-where there is no snow. My

stove smokes, as does my lantern, and the green
pelts stink like, well, there is no comparison, they
simply stink. However, my colt comes up, unlooses
the tent-flap and tries to come in a dozen times in
the twenty-four hours; then my dog preempts my
bed and I squat on my heels like a gugu.
The Camp-Fire

221

CINCE I wrote you two years ago I have lost
the sight of one eye and have to shoot wholly
right-handed now. ... (is that spelt O. K.)
and by the way O.' K. is ar an or am, two
Indian words meaning “quite so,” “precisely,”
“sure,” “all right.” Get Gilman to look this up
among the ’Jibways near him, but I think it’s Osage
or Pawnee.

  I hope the author does not make a mess of Bill
Hickock [“Wild Bill”]or Hikox as some spell it. I
knew him before his death, he was with Berdan’s
Sharpshooters with my cousin California Joe (Joe
Huston), both “Damyanks,” but Hikox was the
younger man.

NJOW here is a tip for you. A few years ago I
walked a beat for the ——and one of the offi-
cers of the same was a man I had seen and known
slightly in “Missouroh” years ago. I recognized
him and he me, but neither said anything then.
When I quit, he gave me the high sign and promised
me rapid advancement, etc., if I would stay, but I
did not like the yaps and squareheads he had on his
rolls.

A YEAR or so later his wife shot him (killed him)
1 and told who he was, but very few believed
that what she charged was the truth, yet it was
God’s own solemn truth. I do not know the story,
but have an inkling. After Crittenden pardoned
him for shooting Jesse James and he was shot and
reported killed, he recovered and, knowing he was a
marked man, he came to California and, as a reward
for guarding Otis, was started in business. Yes,
Bob Ford and no other. Sure? Of course I’m sure.
I know. And Evans or Sontag or any of the Daltons
yet alive could verify it if they would.

  Only one mail every three months.

  Good luck to you. Will be in Yountville, Cali-
fornia, March ioth, to get mail and bounties (coy-
ote and lion).—Frank H. Huston, Esq.

THE CAMP-FIRE

'T'HE camp-fire flings on high its cheerful glow
And bums a golden cavern in the night,
Around whose walls the shadows come and gQ,
Projected by the ever-changing light;

And here are gathered from die bounds of earth
The men who for the weaker blaze the trail,
Brothers in everything excepting birth,

  Whose footprints mark advancement’s outer pale.

And now a voice is heard from out the gloom—
Another comes the company to grace—

Closer they gather then to make him room
And give to him a comfortable place.

What though his face they ne’er have seen before?

   Most welcome is he made to all their cheer,
Regardless of the name or rank he bore;

  He is a Man or he would not be here.

What brings them here? None seems to know or
    care.

They are the restless-footed ones of earth;
Hardship they face and countless dangers dare,

   And hold their lives as things of little worth.

But now the fire has sunk to glowing coals.

  And through the branches stars begin to beam,

As each within his blankets snugly rolls.

   Sleep comes to all and silence reigns supreme.

                             Ed. L. Carson,
        (with his compliments, to our Camp-Fire).

BACK ISSUES OF ADVENTURE

  NOTE—A department for our readers' convenience.
Our own supply of old issues ia exhausted back of 1915;
even 19x5 is partly gone. Readers report that back Adven-
tures can almost never be found at second-hand book-stalls.
Practically the only way to get special back copies or to fill
out your files is to watch this department for offers made by
the few readers who are willing to sell or pass on stray copies
or more or less complete files. Our office files are, of course,
complete and we do not buy back copies or act as agents for
them.

  Complete file to date, good condition. Had intended hav-
ing them bound but find I can not spare the room. Open to
offer.—E. N. Dwight, Dwight Brokerage Co., Register
Bldg., Wheeling, W. Va.

LETTER FRIENDS

  NOTE—This is a service for those of our readers who
want some one to write to. For adventurers afield who want
a stay-at-home “letter bunkie," and for stay-at-homes,
whether ex-adventurers or not. who wish to get into friendly
touch with some one who is out “doing things." We pub-
lish names and addresses—the rest is up to you, and of
course we assume no responsibility of any kind. Women
not admitted.

  (31) Jack Wright. Alpine Hotel, San Francisco, Calif, j
(32) Chas. H. Johnston. Jr.. 62 College St., Providence,
R. I.; (33) A. W. Latimer. R. R. 7, Lawrence, Kan.; (34)
Warren H. Ulsh, 217 E. English St., Wichita, Kan.

UR identification cards remain free to
any reader. The two names and ad-
dresses and a stamped envelope bring you
one.

   Each card bears this inscription, each printed in English,
French. Spanish. German. Portuguese, Dutch, Italian, Ara-
bic, Chinese, Russian, and Japanese:

  "In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
U. S. A., stating full particulars, and friends will be noti-
fied."

   In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one friend, with permanent ad-
dress of each. No name appears on the card. Letters will
be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. The names and
addresses will be treated as confidential by us. We assume
no other obligations. Cards not for purposes of business
identification. Cards furnished free of charge, provided
stamped and addressed envelope accompanies application.
We reserve the right to use our own discretion in all matters
pertaining to these cards.

  Later we may furnish a metal card or tag for adventurers
when actually in the jungle, desert, etc. If interested in
metal cards, say so on a post-card—not in a letter. No
obligation entailed. These post-cards, filed, will guide us
as to demand and number needed.

  A moment's thought will show the value of this system of
card-identification for any one. whether in civilization or
out of it. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends when applying.

TIT ERE is an interesting suggestion for a
general brotherhood of adventurers
and ex-adventurers. Of course the Adven-
turers’ Club, with its various chapters, is al-
ready in the field, but perhaps there is need
and place for a more general order. If such
a society were started it should not, I think,
use the word “Camp-Fire,” not only be-
cause our Camp-Fire already exists, but be-
cause if it were definitely organized with
badges bearing the name, the proposed
brotherhood would by many be considered
merely a circulation scheme for this mag-
azine. Also, there is a local organization
in New York City called the Camp-Fire
222

Adventure

Club, having no connection with this mag-
azine.

  If the idea appeals to you, write to Mr.
Garvey and talk it over. It looks to me like
a splendid idea.

  The other night whilst sitting in my room, pon-
dering over an old number of Adventure, I began
to wonder how many more lonely souls there were
that night whose thoughts ran like mine, on what
might have been, and what had been. Of men who
write in the Camp-Fire and men who are more or
less eaten up by the Wanderlust and who have seen
both sides of life. The more I studied over this
thought, the more I became convinced that, many
such men who are now unknown to each other
could, by some symbol, be made aware of the
kindred nature of the other and probably find enjoy-
ment and solace in each other’s company.

'T'HEN arose the thought: Why not a Brother-
hood of some description? Possibly an “Order
of the Camp-Fire,” with a specified emblem, and
members that pledge themselves to obey the rules,
which should be such that any man (and I mean a
puin), could live up to.

• I sincerely believe that some such order might
prove beneficial in many ways to some of the boys
who must forever search new ways and trails, and I
believe, if such a thing should be born, that its
emblems would be seen in all phases of life in all
countries before very long.

  That’s only my idea. If you think it’s at all
feasible, put it up to the bunch and find out what
they think about it.

  I believe we could soon have a very strong order
of men who would find it possible to help each other
in many, many ways.—Jno. J. Garvey, The Cross-
ing Rooms, 3 Main St., Akron, 0.

A ND here, from another man, then in
    Mexico, comes the same suggestion:

  It has been over a year since I have bothered you
with a letter, so I believe I am entitled to another
chance.

  I must tell you of an incident which happened in
Mexico some time ago. I was riding pretty fast for
the nearest town I could find, as I had been out of
grub for a day and a half, and I was a hungry hombre.
My horse stepped into a dog-hole, breaking his leg.
I shot the poor devil, and started to foot it. Still
toward town, as my stomach was about ready to
sue me for non-support. Before I started, I had
cached my saddle and pack the best I could.

T HAD been walking about two hours when I
saw the smoke of an engine. I headed that
way and found it was a freight. I flagged it down,
walked to the caboose, and took a good American
sassing for being a good-for-nothing cow-puncher
bumming a ride. Anyway, this said hombre invited
me into the caboose, cooked me up one meal, and
then another one. He and two Mexicans were the
crew. After he had seen me putting that grub away,
he said he would take that back about me being
good for nothing, as I sure could eat.

  We both rolled a cigarette, when I saw a copy
of Adventure under the bench. I asked him who it

belonged to. He said he had been reading it ever
since it first came out. I showed him my identifica-
tion-card. Then we shook hands; we were brothers
of the Camp-Fire. I told him about my saddle and
pack. He stopped the train while the Greasers got
it for me.

HTHERE is where the idea hit me. Why not
organize the Camp-Fire? Make it a body of
its own. Can you imagine what the two of us meet-
ing in such a strange manner had to talk about?
Why the Camp-Fire, of course. Think it over, old
timer.

  He and I stayed together for one week in Arizona.
I had two letters from him, but, the last time I
wrote, the letter was returned unopened. I am try-
ing to find out his whereabouts.

J STAYED around the State of Arizona for a
while, then went over into New Mexico. Was
in Columbus three days before the Villa raid. I
tried to get back in time to see the Willard-Moran
fight but couldn’t make it. I’m back home now,
taking in the big sights. I ran across Adventure in
many strange places. I will tell you maybe some
time again. As this is enough for another year.

  Hoping you will think over what I said regarding
Camp-Fire.—Id.1927.

INFORMATION DIRECTORY

  IMPORTANT: Only items like those below can be
printed—standing sources of Information. No room on this
page to ask or answer specific questions. Recommend no
source of information you are not sure of. False infor-
mation may cause serious loss, even loss of life. Adventure
does its best to make this directory reliable, but assumes no
responsibility therefor.

   For data on the Amazon country write Algot Lange, care
U. S. Consul. Para, Brazil. Replies only if stamped, ad-
dressed envelope is enclosed and only at Mr. Lange's dis-
cretion, this service being purely voluntary. (Five-cent
postage in this case.)

   For the Banks fisheries. Frederick William Wallace, edi-
tor Canadian Fisherman, 35 St. Alexander St., Montreal.
Same conditions as above.

   For the Philippines and Porto Rico, the Bureau of Insu-
lar Affairs. War Dep't, Wash., D. C.

  For Alaska, the Alaska Bureau, Chamber of Commerce,
Central Bldg., Seattle, Wash.

For Hawaii and Alaska, Dep't of the Interior, Wash.,

D. C.

   For Cuba. Bureau of Information. Dep’t of Agri., Com.
and Labor, Havana, Cuba.

   For Central and South America. John Barrett, Dir. Gen.,
Pan-American Union, Wash., D. C.

  For R. N. W. M. P., Comptroller Royal Northwest
Mounted Police, Ottawa, Can., or Commissioner. R. N. W.
M. P., Regina, Sask. Only unmarried British subjects, age
22 to 30. above 5 ft. 8 in. and under 175 lbs., accepted.

For Canal Zone, the Panama Canal, Wash., D. C.

   For U. S., its possessions and most foreign countries, the
Dep't of Com., Wash., D. C.

For Adventurers' Club, get data from this magazine.

   FotyThe American Legion. The Secretary. The American
Legion, to Bridge St., New York.

   Mail Address and Forwarding—This office, assuming no
responsibility, will be glad to act as a forwarding address for
its readers or to hold mail till called for. provided necessary
postage is supplied.

   For cabin-boat and small boat travel on the Mississippi
and its tributaries, "The Cabin-Boat Primer." by Ray-
mond S. Spears; A. R. Harding, Publisher, Columbus, 0.,
Ji.oo.

  National School Camp Ass'n; address Its Sec'y, care
The Globe, 75 Dey St., New York.

Red-Headed Regiment, Fred C. Adams, Chatham. N. Y.

  Gray-Headed Regiment, address Major Guillermo Mac
Fergus, care Adventure.

  Tropical Tramps Regiment, G. G. Lansing, 172 Ridge-
wood Ave., Ridgewood N. J.

   Marine Corps Gazette. 24 E. 23rd St.. New York.

Arthur Sullivant Hoffman.
The Camp-Fire

223

WANTED
—MEN

  Note.—We offer this corner of the “Camp-Fire" free of charge to our readers.
Naturally we can not vouch for any of the letters, the writers thereof, or any of the
claims set forth therein, beyond the fact that we receive and publish these letters in
good faith. We reserve the privilege of not publishing any letters or parts of a let-
ter. Any inquiry for men sent to this magazine will be considered as intended for
publication, at our discretion, in this department, with all names and addresses
given therein printed in full, unless such inquiry contains contrary instructions. In
the latter case we reserve the right to substitute for real names any numbers or other
names. We are ready to forward mail through this office, but assume no responsi-
bility therefor. N.B.—Ilems asking for money rather than men will not be published.

pOLKS who would like to join a party of two in making

*	a "Coast - to - Coast" wagon, machine or hiking trip.
One of party (good cook) plans to make trip pay for self.
Another (good singer) proposes to travel by day and camp
at night. Object adventure outdoors. Open for more sug-
gestions. Only refined people with nerve and good dispo-
sitions. No grouches or drinkers. Preference to those in
Cal., as we start from Los Angeles, Cal. Share alike in ex-
penses and profits.—Address J. Carman, 431 South Hill St.,
Room 304, Los Angeles, Cal.

SOMEWHERE in Mexico, within 27s kilometers of San
Luis. Obispo, is the opportunity with a big "O." Men
must be strong; good hikers when needed; must know how
to care for themselves. Practical knowledge of a rifle or Colt
automatic essential. Equipment furnished, if you are found
efficient, to accompany one who knows. Ex-soldiers of
Co. I. Engineers, preferred, first. Any one interested, write.
—Address Edward Gutteridge, Gen. Del., Canyon,
Texas.

ATRIP in a van through Western Canada this Summer,
and Southern States next Winter, carrying a line of
hardware and other specialties to country merchants,
should be a good holiday and pay for itself. I wish to corre-
spond with some one who has tried van life and get his ex-
perience as to construction of van, horse or motor-power
preferred, cost, etc. A congenial partner who has roughed
it and not lost his finer qualities preferred.—Address J.
Prince, P. O. Box 221, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

  Inquiries for opportunities instead of men
are NOT printed in this department.

DARTNER to prospect for gold belts in this State, which

*	seems promising. Will share half in anything we find.
Am experienced in finding valuable ores, and camping out.
You will acquire health and wealth at small cost. Have
your own outfit.—Address E. Hedburg, Golconda, Ariz.

LOST

TRAILS

  Note.—We offer this department of the “Camp-Fire" free of charge to those of our read-
ers who wish to get in touch again with old friends or acquaintances from whom the years
have separated them. For the benefit of the friend you seek, give your own name if possible.
All inquiries along this line, unless containing contrary instructions, will be considered as in-
tended for publication in full with inquirer s name, in this department, at our discretion.
We reserve the right, in case inquirer refuses his name, to substitute any numbers or other
names, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and to use our discretion in all mat-
ters pertaining to this department. Give also your own full address. We will, however,
forward mail through this office, assuming no responsibility therefor. We have arranged
with the Montreal Star to give additional publication in their "Missing Relative Column,"
weekly and daily editions, to any of our inquiries for persons last heard of in Canada.

r\UNLCP, TOM; civil engineer. Woodman of the World
and Mason. Worked on Canadian Northern Pacific
R. R. 19x2. under U. S. Parsenan. Home. Mission, Hidalgo
Co.. Texas. Left Victoria. British Col., April, 1913. for
U.S.A. No trace since. He served in South African War as
a Canadian scout. Took part in king's coronation. Canadian
papers please copy.—Address Mrs. A. C. Mitchell, Sabi-
nal, Walde Co.. Texas.

YY7ALSH. BILLY; last seen of him about five years ago
” on Hamburg-American Liner, Prinz Joachim, then
left him at Kingston, Jamaica. Afterward went to Colon
when he was expected to resume his work in the Engineer-
ing Department of the Isthmian Canal Commission. Did
gold-mining in California and Goldfield, Nevada. Prior to
Panama, made trip to S. A. Formerly lived in West 57th
St., N. Y. C.—Address Wallace Farrell, 18 West 86th
Street. New York City.

/“•LENNAN, WILLIAM J., brother, formerly of Sho-
shone. Idaho. Worked on newspapers and job print-
ing in Idaho and Texas, also in offices of railroads in Mexico.
Traced him through the I. T. U. to 1141 Market St.. St.
Louis. Mo., where he was rooming for nine months. Left
there April 15, 1914, and can find no further trace of him.
63 years, blue eyes, short gray mustache.—Address Hat-
tie Gibbs, 2200A Indiana Ave., St. Louis, Mo.
ly^ARTIN. ALFRED, last known in Jackson Corners.
1,1 Ont., Can. Blacksmith. May have enlisted in the
Canadian troops. Was my pal 1907-8-9 in Detroit, Midl-
and in Grosse Isle, Mich. Any one knowing of his where-
abouts please write.—Address Maurice Glens Macdon-
ald. 5112 Broadway, Chicago, 111.

/“•HIEF stoward who took the S. S. Berkshire on her trip
y to Jacksonville, Fla., from Phila., on Sept. 25, please
write to me. I am one of the boys who went on a " tear1' with
you in Savannah, Ga. It means money in your pocket.—
Address F. D. Ellis, 1806 Mt. Vernon Street. Phila., Pa.
DUTTGENBACH. FREDERICK (Fritz), left Louis-
ville. Ky., about 1863 or ’64 for Chile, S. A.. Santiago
or \ alparaiso. Born on Rhine, Germany. A letter received
about 1873. from a firm in Santiago, stated he went to the
Sandwich Islands in 1866. Haven't heard from him since.
—Address Rudolph Deppen, Early Times. Ky.

VY/HITFIELD, ROBERT, last heard of in Arkansas, 1910,
” working on locomotive. Age 30. Apprenticed to
Clark, Sunderland, Eng. Mother inquires.—Address John
Whitfield, care Avristan, St. John, N. B., Canada.
/"■ANAVAN, HENRY, last heard of in Newark, N. J-
Native of White House, Belfast, Ireland. Age 26;
5 feet; dark complexion.—Address Charles Connor, care
Mrs. S. Kaiser, Utica, III.

   Please notify us at once when you have
found your man.

I70INE, ALF, last heard Unuk mining road near [Kretch-
1 ikan. Alaska, 1905. Please write.—Address R. W.
Cooke. 1008 University St., Seattle. Wash.

JEFFERSON. JOHN, last heard of Needles. Calif.
J Dark complexion, 5 feet, age 51, weight 140. Heavy
beard when last seen.—Address James C. Golding, Box si.
Merced, Cal.

Vr^HIPPLE. RANDOLPH, last seen Oatman. Ariz. Age
vv 20. s ft., weight 170. light complexion.—Address
James C. Golding. Box 51, Merced. Cal.

J AWRENCE. WILL JACK, or “Bill” Glien, who was
with the undersigned in the S. S. leviathan, out of Gal-
veston, Aug. 1908.—Address H. B. Clark. Hazelton, Pa.
DOSTON. JIM. last heard from working for Spanish
ranch near Elko. Nevada. Perhaps in San Francisco
or Calexica. Cal. Very important. Any one knowing of
his whereabouts, write.—Address J. A. (Bad) Stanley
Zelzah, Calif.

   Inquiries will be printed three times. In
the January and July issues all unfound back
names will be printed again.

/“■ ETCHELL. ERNEST A., last heard from 1907, Carl
Junction. Mo. Age 31. Mother anxious.—Address
Mrs. A. E. Getciiell. 407 Third St.. Portland, Oregon.
TJEFFERN, EDWARD, somewhere in San Francisco,

*	* Cal. Write to your old Philadelphia pal.—Address
Fred D. Ellis, 1806 Mt. Vernon St., Phila., Pa.
224

Adventure

DITTER, W. M.. of Baltimore. Last heard of in Canada
*and Hammond, St. Croix County, Wis. Also Paynes-
ville, Minnesota. Son of Sidney W. Ritter.—Address
Lours H. Ritier, 1604 W. Lafayette Ave., Baltimore, Md.

   Inquiries will be printed three times. In
the January and July issues all unfound back
names will be printed again.

IkflARKLEY, ISOHM. last heard from In Hood River,
1V1 Ore. Write your mother.—Address Mrs. Viola
Cameron, 1124^ East Galena St., Butte. Montana.

FE. S. Received your letter. Send your address. Will
• join you. Have news.—Address Whit, care Adventure.

CO. "I" 3d- BATT. ENGINEERS. aU old "bunkies"
of ign,'i2, '13, '14, while on survey work, on Island
of Oahu, Hawaii. Please write me. Good opportunity
for some of my friends and one inclined to taking chances.
—Address Edward J. Gutteridge, Gen. Del:, Canyon,
Texas.

pLORIDA boys who were out in the Everglades with

*	Gollecheche and Shapley the Winter of 1914-15,
write.—Address Fred Ellis, 1806 Mt. Vernon St.,iPhila.,
Pa.

DRAUT, RAYMOND, last heard from in Mass., 1912.

   Formerly from Kentucky. Middle size, stocky, blue
eyes, light hair. Write old pal who planned trip [with
you for Alaska.—Address E. L. Mentor, Sterling, Penna.

   Please notify us at once when you have
found your man.

WAIL, DANIEL, last heard from at Cedar Springs,
v Kent Co., Mich. Does any one know of his where-
abouts?—Address Wm. B. Battice, Wrencoe, Idaho.

HTHE following: have been inquired for in full in
-*• the June or July issues of Adventure. They can
get name of inquirer from this magazine:

A DAIR, WM. L.; Anderson, Carl O.; Avirette. John A.;

   Bcrridge, Charles Andrew; Bonner, Fred; Carson,
J. G. (Jack) last heard from in Katalla 1906; Collins, Alfred
(Electric); Conley, Mark Francis; Cook, E. D.; Coughlin,
Dr. Jeremiah; Cowcn, J. Gordon; Coy, Alexander, Robert
and Mollie; Crawford, Geo. H., was in Searchlight, Nev..
1905-06; Dewitt. E. L.; Downing. Flora, F.; Ebert, Gertrude
Viola, last heard of in Orphan Home; Fitzgerald, Garret;
Floyd, Norris; Foster, Ben.; Gray, Curtis, last seen in Den-
ver, Sept., 1915; Hammond, Warry; Hanser. Edward; Hart.
Jack, left Myillenes, Chile, about, March 1911; Johnson,
Ernest E.; Kirby. Ben (Society Ben); Kunze, Arthur, was
in Greenwater. Calif.; Linn, Robert Hamilton; Loomis,
Johnny; Lorraine. Frank, last heard of in U. S. Army;
McArdle. James; McDonald, Jack; Mahoney, Dan.; Ma-
rine, Colonel Chas. A.; Miller, William Addison, last heard
of in San Francisco, Nov.. 1914; Moore, William; Morris.
Frank (G. N. Lineman); Naugler, Owen V.; Ott, Charles;
Owen. G. P.; Owens, Clyde; Piggott, Arthur W., last heard
of in San Francisco; Poole, Charles W.; Prickett, Stone J.
(rattlesnake Bill): Pritzart, Albert; Raven. Frank A.;
Reilly, John A.; Schell. Fred B.; Schwerin, William H.;
Spencer, Alma; Spiegelhalder, Tyler; Starlight, Captain;
Stumpf, Julius; Summers. Thomas M.; Sweeny, Henry A.,
last heard of in France; Towne, George H., bom in Mon-
mouth, Maine, 1870; Trevor, Roland (Scotty); White,
Hugh, in quest of gipsy kidnapers; Wiethalet, Fred; Witten-
kamp, Ove.; Wood. Edward, last heard of in Boston, 1888;
Yarbrough, Lawrence Seven (Bonnie).

1WTISCELLANEOUS: Comrades of Co. D, 17th Infantry
in Mindanao. P. I.; Comrades Serving in Company I
of the 40th U. S.; Old Comrades of the ’70’s that were in the
Adobe Wall Pockett Cannon and Yellow House Fight;
First or second mates on the barkantine Emily Waters on
trips to South America and around the Horn, or to Australia
and Barbadoes.

I AWRENCE STEWART. S. 'N. Morgan. Christian A.
*-■ Damm. Mrs. Maude Thomas, George A. iBlanchard,
please send us your present addresses. Mail sent to you at
addresses given us doesn't reach you.—Address A. S.
Hoffman, care Adventure.

\]UMBERS 56, 68, 73. 76, W 93, W 167. W 140, W 150,
W 153, W 183. W 184. W 189. W 195, W 203. W 211,
W 212, W 215, W 231, W 250, C 189, C 20s, L. T. 207. L. T.
284. C 293. L. T. 302. W 311. Please send us your present
addresses. Letters forwarded to you at addresses given ua
do not reach you.—Address A. S. Hoffman, care Adventure.

THE TRAIL AHEAD

   The following stories are at pres-
ent scheduled for the September
issue of Adventure, out August 3d:

THE SECRET WOLF	5. caruton

 This complete novel it a thrilling mystery story of the Canadian
 North; action a-plenty; a plot that will make you burn late oil.

HEROES ALL	Arthur D. Howden Smith

 Old Captain McCtnaughi leads his psalm-singing crew of tramp-
 steamer sailors straight at the Turkish Gallipoli defenses.

GUIDING CLEMENTINE

Kathrene and Robert Pinkerton

 Clementine is a goat. And tenderfoot tourists take her into the
 northland that baby may have fre-.li milk. Then what Clementine
 decides to do makes this side-splitting yarn.

IN THE GRIP OF THE MINOTAUR

Farnham Bishop and Arthur Gilchrist Brodeur

 In which Ragnarr, whom you’ve met in the number now in your
 hands, sai.s to Crete and defies the Master of the Mediterranean
 in his own stronghold.

THE UNMUDDING OF THE EMPIRE

Douglas S. Watson

 Here’s a writer who knows the oli country. This story of the
 derrick fields, where men of bone and brawn fight to drill fortunes
 from the eanh. you’ll not want to miss.

A BULL MOVEMENT IN YELLOW HORSE

W. C. Tuttle

 The biggest, strangest, most contrary animal ever seen In the
 Northwest smashes into Yellow Horse settlement. A "44” can’t
 phase him. What he does is beyond description. By a humorist
 known to you all.

THE TIDE-MATING	S. B. H. Hurst

 A quiet, beautiful tale of a maid's love for her sailor sweetheart—
 a man of the life-boat crew—and of a greai tragedy which swept
 down the coast on the wings of a gale.

TRAILING THE JUNGLE MAN

Geo. Warburton Lewis

 A man-bunt in the little-known Panama back country.

THE MAN-BREAKER	lm*

 A determined man sets out to break the power that rulei a
 Tennessee lumber-camp.

SNUFFY AND THE MONSTER Gat.. c/e„

 How the nerve of a motorman was broken by "the monster.” a
 great, steel-sided thing that struck fear into the hearts of street-
 railway men. Then wbat followed.

FIFTY-FIFTY	Leland Ward Peck

 One’to make you sit up and take notice. Of railroad builders.

THE MAN WHO BUILT UP FROM THE ACE

Henry Martel Gwynn

 When the turning-point came in a lonely man’s life, in a far
 Philippine village.	_

SHEP OF THE WANDERING FOOT

Paul H. Harris

 Shep’s worth meeting, knowing. Shake hands with him nex»
 month. He’ll spin you a business yarn of a salesman in China.

ADVENTURE FOR SEPTEMBER
CIZE is not everything. But when a business is the largest of its kind
^ and dominates its field throughout the world, there must be a big reason.

Butterick is the largest publisher of women’s publications in the world.
Butterick has the largest and most complete fashion organization in the
world. Butterick does the largest pattern business in the world.

One hundred and twenty-five million copies of the Butterick periodicals are
published every year. They are printed in five languages and are bought,
paid for, and read in every civilized community on earth.

The sixteen-story Butterick Building, New York, includes one of the largest
printing-plants in the world, and the largest battery of color-presses in the

The papei .sed by Butterick each year amounts to 3,922,000,000 square
feet. If this were reeled out in a strip a foot wide, it would reach
742,740 mile;.; twenty-nine times around the earth, or three times from the
earth to the moon.

Seventeen thousand merchants sell our publications and fashion service.

One issue of Butterick’s three monthly American women’s publications,
The Delineator, The Designer, and The Woman’s Magazine, is over
one and one-half million copies.

This one issue piled flat, one copy on another, would make a stack 14,410
feet high—as high as Mount Rainier, or nineteen times as high as the
Woolworth Building. Butterick receives from America alone more than
three million letters every year—an average of ten thousand letters every work-
ing day—relating to these publications and the service which they represent.

This service of practical helpfulness for more than half a century has given
the Butterick magazines their unique place in the confidence of American

world.

women.

Monthly Magazines

The Delineator
The Designer
The Woman’s Magazine

 Quarterly Publications

 Butterick Quarterly
 Standard Quarterly
 New Idea Quarterly
Before August 1st

OUR Special Summer Sales Plan will be
open until August 1st to men of sales
experience, integrity and ability. The plan
is probably the most unique and profitable
Summer sales plan ever announced. Two of
America's best known and largest magazines
at a special price—special commission—spe-
cial territory. Our special representatives
already started are earning $50.00 a week
and upwards. 50 orders a week means
$50.00. If you can measure uf7 have the
time from now until August 31st, we will
consider your application. Two business
references must be furnished. Write frankly
of your experience, where you prefer work-
ing, and how much money you wish to
make. No appointments made after August
1st. Write to-day, using coupon below.

August Desk

The Ridgway Company

Spring and Macdoueal Streets. New York City.

     I have the time between now and August 31st, the expe-
rience, and I believe the ability to make good. Tell me more
of what your plan is. Enclosed are two business references.

Name-------------- ---------------------------------------------------

Street and No-------------------------------------------------------

City _____________________________________ State---------------------