 • The Conflict”

   Adventure Serial from the

          battlefields of Europe

   A,4°~ B.M. BOWERS
  NEW BOOKIENGTH NOVEL
uJed

A Suggestion
Worth Acting Upon

  At the start of life, Nature endows most people with
  a beautiful skin—fair, soft and pinky-white—lovely
  both to touch and to look upon.

And what is commonly done with this great boon?
Often, by one neglect or another, the skin is allowed to
deteriorate and lose its freshness; and then to make mat-
ters worse, recourse is had to cosmetics and other unnatural
“aids to beauty.” But the truth is, nothing is of any use
except what is in strict accord with Nature’s own beauti-
fying process—the BEST THING OF ALL being

Pears’ Soap

which is pure in every particle, and of such dainty emol-
  lience as makes it

Matchless for the Complexion

Nature's Beautifying Process—For keeping the skin in a condition of

natural beauty from infancy to old age—always wrsh with Pears.	1

* ) i

)

‘All rights secured**

               The price of Pears9 Soaps to dealers has not
               and will not be affected by the European War.
Till'. POi'CLAR MACAZIXll .1!-, r.i. i lSlA:

 Victrola XVI, $200

Mahogany ur oak

Other styles of the
Victrola, $15 to $150
Victors, $10 to $100

Will there be a Victrola in
your home this Christmas?

You can search the whole world over and not

find another gift that will bring so much pleasure

 to every member of the family.

    Any Victor dealer in any city in the world will gladly
 demonstrate the Victrola and play any music you wish
 to hear.

$15 $25 $40 $50 $75 $100 $150 $200

Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., U. S. A.

Uerliner Gramophone Co., Montreal, Canadian Distributors

Always use Victor Machines with Victor Records and Victor Needles—
the. combination. There is no other way to get the unequaled Victor tone.

 New Victor Records demonstrated at all dealers on the 28th of each month

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
TI1E POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING

Agents & Help Wanted

 W1 LL Pay Reliable Mail or Woman
S12.5U to distribute 100 Free pkes.
Perfumed Borax Soap Powder among
friends. No money required. R. Ward
Company, 224 Institute PI., Chicago.

 I MADK S50,000 in five years with
a small mail order business; began
with >5. Send tor free booklet. Tells
how. Heacock, ISox 717, Lockport,
New York.

 MMX OF IDEAS and inventive
ability should write for new list of
“Needed Inventions,'’ "Patent Buy-
ers,” and “I low to (let Your Patent
and Your Money.” Advice Free.
Randolph A: Co., Patent Attorneys,
Dept, li'i, Washington, 1). C.

 M.\ KE money with us. A mount de-
pends upon time devoted. X o can vass-
inc. Ambitious local men wanted.
Address Ostrander, Dept. 15, 12 West
Hist St., New York.

  A< 1EXTS M \ k K £r>,000 this year. 1 '.e
your own buss—independent—abun-
dant money—your time your own.
All or spare time—at home or travel-
ing. Write E. M. Kelt man, sales
Her., 699 'Third Street, Cincinnati,
Ohio, to-day for full particulars.

 OOVEKX'MEXT positions pay big
money. Uet prepared for “exams” by
former IT. S. Civil Service Examiner.
Free booklet. Patterson Civil Service
School, Box Y, Rochester, N. Y.

 AC.KXTS! KAHN *1.00 OK MOHI-]
AN IKH'li. A11 or spare time.“Tiy-it-
before-yoii-buy-it” plan, sells Climax
Automatic Razor, Sharpener to every
man—l~W/e profit. Write for exclu-
sive territory and guaranteed sales
proposition. "Victor Specialty Co., 14
Victor Bids., Canton, Ohio.

 Thousands < iovcmnient .lobs Open
to Men and Women. stio.(K) to ^ITjO.OO
month. Write for Jist. Franklin in-
stitute, Uep't M-6, Rochester, N. Y.

  A< :EXTS—■~M)c/o profit: sold and sil-
ver si<m letters for store and ofllco
windows: anyone can put on: free
sample. Metallic Fetter Co., 42(i N.
Clark St., ('hicaso.

  AC! ENTS—SS00 every month, sellinc:
our wonderful 7-piece Kitchen Set.
Send for sworn statement of S12 da i ly
profit. Outfit free. Thomas M(c. < '<>.,
250 Third St., Dayton, Ohio.

 AfiKNTS:—ereat opportunity, lie
permanent Fepresentatiye largest
infr. llieh oratio Soaps and i'oilet
Coods. 825—.*75 weekly. Sure-steady-
increasine: income. Experience
unnecessary. fhisiness pood ,vcjar
round. Best ever till Xmas. Write
for immediate appointment. K.
M. Davis, i’res. R 21 Davis Block,
Chicago.

 WRITKIiS wanted at once to send
ns poems or melodies for newsones.
We can compose music and arrange
for publication immediately. Due-
daie Co., Dept. 25(5 Washington, D. C.

 “AOEXTS—400 Snappy Aluminum
Specialties and I'tensils. means a
sale in every home. Oenernl Sales
Course Free. S50.00 a week sure.
Answerquick. American Aluminum
Mfe. Co., Div. S 4!1, beinont, 111."

Agents and Help Wanted—Continued.

 I NEKI) liranch Managers for my
worldwide mail order business; oper-
ate from your own homes in spare
time: no canvassing or peddling;
big capital and experience not
needed: you should make 850.
weekly. Wouldn't you like to'have
people everywhere sending you
money by mail? If so, write me.
C. A. Butler, Mgr., 143 Factories,
Toledo, Ohio.

 Al.IKXTS WANT.KD—To advertise
our goods by distributing free sample
to consumer. 90 cents an hour. Write
for full particulars. 'The Favori Com-
pany, 1060 West St., Dayton, O,

 FRF 1C ILLUSTRATED BOOK tells
of about 300,000 protected positions
in U. S. service. Thousands of vacan-
cies every year. There is a big
chance here for you, sure and gener-
ous pay, lifetime employment. Just
ask for booklet S 11. Xo obligation.
Karl Hopkins, Washington. II. C.

 OCAKANTEKD hosiery manufac-
turer selling direct to consumer
wishes agent in every county. Per-
manent big paying business. Pro-
tected territory. Credit. K. Parker
Mi 11s, 27:!:! No. 12th St., Philadelphia, Pa.

 OWN a business. Makebig money.
Here is a chance. Co-operate witli
me evenings at liome in a big money
proposition. Everything furnished.
Don't worry about capital. Boyd 11.
Brown, Dept. 1-12. Omaha, Nebraska.

 I. HAVE A CONTRACT to distrib-
ute a Million Free Packages liorax
Soap Powder. Want reliable men
and women to liolp. 815.00 weekly.
V. Waverly Brown, 7:S2 N. Franklin
St., ( iiieago.

Music and Song Poems

 SOXO POEMS WANTKD. Big
money writing sons iiooms. Past ex-
perienee unnecessary. < mr propo-
sition positively unequalled. We ;ic-
cept available work for publication
and secure copyright in your name.
Have paid hundreds of dollars to
writers. Send us your song poems or
melodies today or write for instruc-
tive booklet—it's free. Marks-< lold-
smith ('o., Dept. 15, Washington, D.(

 SOX<'J WKITKRS. We want bal-
lads, instrumental numbers, patri-
otic, novelty and love sonjrs for
immediate publication. Submit
words only or with music complete,
or write for our valuable free booklet
setting forth the fairest, most liberal
proposition offered. Kstablishedl8U7.
Many successes. Have paid writers
thousands in royalties; protection
guaranteed, John T, llall. Pres., 123
Columbus Circle, New York City.

Texas

 nrv a lot tx oru ott, dkvhl-

opment Operation and share in the
profits. lx)ts Stfu.OO each. S5.00 down
:ind ^o.oo per month. Warranty
Peed with each lot sold. Send first
payment t<> Knreka < M1 Co.. care
San Diego State Hank, Sail Diego,
Texas.

 Patents and Lawyers

 PATENTS SHCURED OR FEE
returned. Send sketch for free report
as to patentability. (luide Book
and What to Invent, with valuable
List ol Inventions Wanted, sent Iree.
One Million Dollars offered for one
Invention. Patents secured by us
advertised free in World's Progress,
sample free. Victor J. Kvans ifc Co.,
767 Ninth Street, Washington, I). C.

 PATENTS, TRADE-MARKS AND
Copyrights. Our hand book on patents
will be sent free on request. All
patents secured through us are de-
scribed without cost to the pate ntee
in the Scientific American. Mnnn it
Co., Patent Attorneys, 37H Broadway,
New York. Washington Oflice, (>2')
F street, Washington, D. C.

 PATENTS, TK A DK-MA HICK. Send
for my free book “1 low To (let Them.'’
It's full of information you should
know. Joshua I!. II. Potts, fi S. Dear-
born St., Chicago. 92!) Chestnut St.,
Philadelphia, 80.'> <!. St., Washington.

 MEN with patentable ideas write
Randolph it Co., Patent Solicitors,
Dept. 218. Washington, D. c„ for free
books. Send sketch lor free search.

 IDEAS \\ A \TK1 >—Manufacturers
are writing for patents procured
through me. 3 books with list 200
inventions wanted sent free. Advice
free. 1 get patent or no fee. I!. B. ( Hvcu.
30 Owen iildg., Washington, D. C.

 PATENTS THAI’ PHOTFOT
AX I) PA’S'. Advice and books
free. Highest references. Best
results. Promptness assured. Send
sketch or model for free search.
Watson E. Coleman, Patent l.awyer.
624 F Street, Washington, D. C.

 Business Opportunities

 FREE FOR SIX MONTHS.—My
Special offer to introduce my maga-
zine “Fnvestinfr for Profit.*’ ft is
worth £10 a copy to anyone who has
been getting poorer while tin* rich,
richer. It demonstrates the real earn-
ing power of money and shows how
anyone.no matter how poor, ran ac-
quire riches. Investing for Profit is
theonly proersseive financial journal
published, it shows how S100 grows
to $2,200. Write Now and I’ll send it
six months free. II. L. 'Barber, 4(17,
20 \V. Jackson Blvd.* Chicago.

 TNCHKASK your income during
spare time. Start a Mail * u der iUisi
ness. We supply everything on
easy terms. Write for particulars.
Xadico—1659 Belmont Ave., C hicago.

 SPLKXDID Paying Business ready
for refined, intelligent man or woman,
over :?0 years old. to take hold of as dis-
trict agent. Large corporat ion. Prod-
ucts extensively advertised. Thou-
sands use and endorse. Kvery home
needs badly. Investment of st>2.svi
fully secured. Position should pay
over S2.r>m yearly, satisfactory refer-
ences required.	Curtiss Bide..
Bufralo. X. V.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
Till'. POPULAR MACAZ1XP A / U'/• KTlSPli

Games & Entertainment

  I'LA VS, Vaudeville Sketches.Mono-
louurs, Dialogues, Speakers, Minstrel
Material. .Jokes, i U eitalii ms, l ab
lcaux, l>rills, Kntertaimnents. Make
l'i» (loads. Ijurjre Catalog Free.
T. S. I >enisou it Co., Hejjt. IU, < 'hieago.

Home Employment

 I.KAKN AT llnMK easy lessons,
la<lies' and children's liairdres.siiijr,
marcel waving, numieurinc, beauty
culture. Many earn Sl“) to !Sr>0 weekly.
IMeasant work. Lnrce illustrated
book free. Kli/,abeth King, 77 A
Station K, New York city.

Automobiles

  A r i'l >.\1< >141 I.K ,\T A NACKI-
Kiel*;. Must sell at once. Winton
4S II. l\. (i-cylin<ler limousine, Klee-
tric I A^lilin^ System; perfect con-
dition: run less than.	miles.

IMiee tfloOO. t Kvner—A. 1*. Holmes,
Noroton, t'oim.

Coins, Stamps, Etc.

  •Si to £{51)0 paid for hundreds of coins
dated before lHJJo. Send 10c for (mr
New lllust’d Coin V alue Hook, 4x7.
< Jet Posted. Clark ('oin Company,
IloxiHi, Le l’oy, New York.

  WK pay £1.00 to £1.000.00 for numer-
ous rare coins to U!0J). Many of j:rent
value in circulation. (Jet Posted.
It may mean much profit to you.
Send only 4c for our New Lartre il-
lustrated Coin Circular. "S ou have
nothing to lose. Numismatic Bank.
J»ept. *25, Ft. Worth, Texas.

Motion Picture Plays

 WHITE Moving: Picture Plays: Soo
each: all or spare time; correspond-
ence coursemmecessary: details free.
Atlas Publishing Co.813, ( incinnatLO.

  T guarantee £10 for first Photo Play
you write by my method. < )btain free
booklet “How To Write Photo Plays.M
Elbert Moore, liox 772 11 V, Chicago.

Motion Picture Plays—Continued.

  W K can sel I Photo i 'lays, storics.et r.
Literary perfection unnecessary. Ex-
planation and jirtjof free. Story 1Ji —
vision <’u., P»ox 14"), S rethport, Pa.

Telegraphy

  I II !•: ( mmiirranh Automatic Trans-
mit tor. Si-nds you telegraph messages.
Teaolies in Ihe shortest time. r> stylos
S'2 up. Circular free. Omnierapli
Mfer. Co., ;!9 N Cortlamlt St., N. V.

Typewriters

 Typewriter Prices Smashed. I,.
Smiths WH.Ho; Heminfitons >, o.S,?14,r>(i;
Oliver Xo. :!, Slit.VJo; all rebuilt, guar-
anteed years. Write for special
circular. Dearborn Typewriter Kxch.,
189 Kaml-McN'ally Bids., Chicasro.

Camera & Optical Goods

 AYK lsrV,SKI,bA\D KXCTIANOK
—Bargains in 111 ierosoopeK,telescopes,
binoculars, cameras, etc.: barirain
list sent. Kahn ifc Son, Opticians,
No. r>4 .lohn Street, Xcw York. Ks-
tabli.shed (it years.

Save $159,976!

by using the best bargain in classified adver-
tising on the market—that is—THE POPU-
LAR, AINSLEE’S, TOP-NOTCH, SMITH’S,
PEOPLE’S and NEW STORY MAGAZINES.
The special combination rate for all of these magazines is $6.00 per line for an actual guaranteed circula-
tion of two million. Estimating on four readers to each copy of these publications (which is conservative)
—you get an actual audience of 8,000,000 people. Think what it would cost to reach these people by
mail—$160,000. A four line advertisement (the smallest we accept) for one insertion in our magazines
amounts to $24.00—or a saving to you of $159,976. Write for particulars!

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE, 79 to 89 SEVENTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY.

LEARN TO WRITE
ADVERTISEMENTS

A WEEK

                                  We I'fin positively show you by mail
 1IC)\V TO lNCRKASK YOl'R SALARY. Prospectus mailed free.
 PACE-DAVIS CO., 8171 PACE BUILDING, CHICAGO, ILL.

lTbaRN JEWELERS’ ENGRAVING

 A hitfh s;ilarird ami rasily learned trade, taught thoroughly by mail. We will
 ti'aoh the beginner better engraving- than lie can gain in years of ritfid apprentice-
 ship We will :ilso improve the skill <if any engraver. Send for our catalog,
 the Engraving School, 8171 Page Bldg., Michigan Ave.f Chicago, III.

 Yg”\ I I CAN WRITE A SHORT STORY. Beginners learn thoroughly
 U under our perfect method: many sell their stories before Completing'
 the course We help those who want to sell their stories. Write for
 particulars. School of Short-Story Writing, Dept. 8171,Page Btdg.,Chicago.

BE AN ILLUSTRATOR,
by mail how to draw for 1
IUAg;azinos and newspapers*J
Send for Catalog,

 Learn to draw. We will teach you

                    School of Illustration,
                          7IP»eeBld«.
                          LChicago.IlL

Portable Stove

                         COOKING

                          —AND—
                          HEATING

 Ki”fit size. No flues nor ehimn^vs.	JlilU; set.?ny“

 where. COMBINED COOKING and HEATING. Quick
 meals, washing, ironing, canning fruit, caUijmiK* butnmcr aiiu
 winter stove*. Moats rooms, ofliros stores,
 rtc. Intense heat under control. Not Dan=
 gerous Like Gasoline. No valves—no
 wicks. Nothing to got out <>f order. “The
 Itjuliiitor is a grand heater” Mrs. Kate
 Devlin. Pa. “Stove kept 1 ho rooms warm”

 John c. Hussey. N. Y. “Baked, cooked,
 washed, ironed; (“an do anything my
 raiiLif* does” Mrs. M, M. KiiiLr. Ky. “Only
 list'd half a gallon <»f oil last wook <«»r
 i-ookinv, hakinff and ironing” N. TToI-
 wf-;. Ont. “Sal’o and <-loan as a l:nn|i" >frs. “F "R. ^rrClenail, TIL
 PORTABLE OIL GAS STOVE SAVES FUEL BILLS, time,
 anxiot.w oxponso. (Jot rid of ktndlmir. wood, roal, dirt, nshos.
 (Jivos ooonomy, tronuino romfort and oonvonionco. Simple,
 (hirablo, lasts for years. Try it. Not sold in stores. Many thou-
 sand* «ont to families. Write for <loseription,

 AGENTS- “Was out one day. sold 31 .stoves.” B. Ti. Huested.
 Mich. “You have the host stovo on the market; sold 9 in 2
 hours” W. K„ Hear<l. S. C. J. W. Hnntor* Ala., secured 1 —
 tested it—ordered 200 sinee. .T. (i, < Jautliroaux. La,, ordered 1 —

 THESE MEN MAKE MONEY — Yon have the same chance.
 Price lo^ —	up; any nuinlor of burners. Send no money.

 Write todav. Agent's sellin,r-plan. etc.

 The World Mfg. Co., 6128 World Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio.

Please mention tills magazine

FREE BOOK ON MOTORING

ING

HAIL

       'CHARTS.t

Beware of imitators.

       Fxplaina how we assist YOU in the Auto
       Uusinesa as Repairman, ChaufTeur, Salesman
       or Auto Mechanician with DYKE'S NEW IDEA
       WORKING MODEL SYSTEM of teaching by
       mail and our new idea EMPLOYMENT PLAN.
       Let us telt you the names of some of cuff
       students and the salaries they are drawing:
       Don’t miss it—SEND FOR BOOKLET NOW!
       This is the original and only system of
       Models made in London.

its kind in the world.

DYKE’S SCHOOL OF MOTORING, Box 86, Roe Bldg., St. Louis, Mo,

All electric starters and magnetos simplified.

DO YOU LIKE TO DRAW?

                          That’s all we want to know.

                          Now we will not jjive you any grand prixe—

                                 a lot of free stuff if you answer this nd.
                            I Nor do we claim to make you rich in a week.
                            Hut if you are anxious to develop your talent
                            with a successful cartoonist, so you can make
                            money, send a copy of this picture ivitli 6c.
                            in stamps for portfolio of cartoons and sample
                            lesson plate, and let ns explain.

                      THE W.L. EVANS SCHOOL OF CARTOONING,
                      835 Leader Building, Cleveland, O.

Get Ahead!

I Will Help You

 Don’t be “hired help*’ all your life.
 Don’t be satisfied to plod along in
 tile same old rut. Rise up! Be some-
 body! Success—Wealth — Power —
 all these arc yours if you know the
 way. I have helped thousands, I
 will help you.

LAW

IS YOUR BIG
OPPORTUNITY

  Leg’al training1 ja the foundation of Success. Know the Law and your chances
  for prosperity— independence—fame—are unlimited. Start today. I have made
  it easy for any man to grct legal training. 1 will brinjr it to your home—for a
  few cents a day. Our Famoue Hnme Study Course^ is complete—eimple—
  makea Law rasy. This is a special limited offer, so write for particulars and
  164-paffu FRHE book, "How toLearn Law," Don’t wait. Today is the time
  to start. Opportunity beckons you. You can climb to the top. Take the
  fir&tatep by writing me NOW. J. E. MARKUS? President,
  AMERICAN CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF LAW
  ______P«pt. 1149. Manhattan Building, CHICAGO_

when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

       Regular
    $	Course

43 in

Mechanical Drawing
FREE

with any of the courses listed
in coupon. This is addi-
tional to the $15 Free
Outfit.

HERE’S YOUR CHANCE

Home Study Courses

DRAFTING

Mark and Mail this Coupon Now!

 Mark “X” opposite v.*ork in which you axe interested.

 □	Machine Drafting	□ Structural Steel Drafting i Builders’Course

 □	Electrical Drafting T Reinforced Concrete	uPlan Reading

 □	Architectural Drafting Sheet Metal Drafting l: Estimating

Name......................................................................

Address..............................,.......................................

Town........................................Statr.........................

 College or Home Study Course, state -which...............................

in

 Go after success—seek it—pursue it. Fit yourself for the BIG
 job, the BIG pay. You can if you will. Drafting is the step-
 ping stone to the big things. Some of your spare hours hitched
 to the "Chicago Tech.” new, quick Home-Study plan, will
 easily fit you for the highest positions in

Architecture—Engineering

                    Don’t waste time on mere theoretical lessons
                    with old book plates. Take the “Chicago Tech.”
                    plan—study under Chicago’s foremost engi-
                    neers, men who are doing real work—big work
                    —in New York, Chicago, etc. Study from blue
                    prints and plans of actual work now being ex-
                    ecuted in these cities. No other course in
                    America gives this practical, live, up-to-date
                    instruction. We do. We have no books to sell.
                    We furnish all blue-print plans free. Here’s
                    your chance. Grasp it today.

$15

Drawing Outfit
and all
Blue-Print Plans

FREE

CHICAGO TECHNICAL COLLEGE

1094 Lake View Bldg., Chicago, 111.

-BE A TRAVELING SALESMAN

 Hundreds of good positions now open. No experience
 required to pret on© of them. Write today for list of

 openmreoffennj opportunities to earn I?i* Money while you
 learn and testimonials from hundreds of our students who are
 earning1 *100 to S50U a month. Address nearest office Dent 505
 NATIONAL SALESMEN'S TRAINING ASSOCIATION

 c_ Chicago.	New York.	K«n««» City. San Frandtco .

GET A GOVERNMENT JOB

Tho Parcels l’ost is croatin^ thousands of openings In POST OFFICE,
RAILWAY MAIL and RURAL CARRIER services. Those are lift jobs with
biic pay, short hours, vacations with pay and no fear of_ “lay-olTs'’t or
Btrikcti. Civil aurvico examinations for these and other desirable positions
arc liuingr held all the time. Let us show how you can prepare for 4 exams"
under personal supervision of former U. S. Civil Service Socretary-Exam-
iner. Write to-day for 134 paye free booklet. It’s FREE without obligation.

PATTERSON CIVIL SERVICE SCHOOL

BOX 1735,	ROCHESTER, N. Y.

 Mount Birds

      We teach you by mail to stuff and mount all kinds
   of Birds* Animals, Game Heads* Also to tan
   skins and make rugs. Be your own taxidermist*
   Decorate your home with your beautiful trophies or
   increase your incomesellin^-s;>etiraensandmounting
   for others. Easily, quickly learned in spare time by
   ;n and women. Highest endorsements by thousands ot
   students* ‘Write tod.iv for our irreat free hook 4<Howr
   to Mount Birds and Animals” Free—write today,

   N. W. School of Taxidermy, 1149 EIwoodBldg., Onaba. Nolb

ART SCHOLARSHIP

FREE

 ■\V HIT K A T ON ( / I'.
 for full particulars of
 this Special Limited

 Offer. No ('barge, no obligations. Your name and
 address bl inds you liamlsoim1, illustrated Pro-
 spectus and explanation of this unusual offer, by
 return mail, free. Remember this offer is
 stricfij Ihnitnl. I»«m’t take chances. Write ?iou\

 FINE ARTS INSTITUTE. Studio 989. Omaha, Neb.

The Key to Success

Stop Forgetting

'"^"^Increase Your Efficiency

 The secret of business and social suc-
 cess is the ability to remember. I can
 make your mind an infallible classified
 index from which you can instantly
 sclect thoughts, facts, figures, names,
 faces. Enables you to concentrate,
 develop self-control, overcome
 bashfulness, address an audience.
 Easy. Simple. The result of 20 years ex-
 perience in developing memories of thou*
 sands. Write today for copy of my book
 “How to Remember’* and Copyrighted
 Memory Test Free, also how to obtain
 FRER copy of my book 4‘How to Speak in
 Public.”

 Henry
 Dicksoo
 Principal

 Dickson School of Memory, 960 Auditorium Bldg., Chicago, III.

Qvil

 Service

Pays

Well

  ' T7, S. Civil Service positions pay -well, offer splen*
  did opportunities for advancement, and are life-
  long. You are eligible to try any Civil Service ex*
  amiuatiuu if you are an American over 18, and Can
  read and write. You can qualify at home through
  I. C. S. help. Last i'vur over 700 persons secured
  positions iu the U.JS. C. *S. through this training.
  To learu how the I, C. fc. can iiel±> you, write tod*/
  for f'ree Civil Service Book*

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHMLS
Box 85&C Scranton. Fa,

SHORTHAND «
IN 30 DAYS

 Boyd Syllabic System—written with only nine characters. No4#po- I
 sitions —no ruled lines**—no "shading**—no *4word-si{jn*”—no
 cold notes. Speedy, practical system that can be learned in 30 days
 of home study, utilizing spare time. For full descriptive rraller, free, ad-
 dress. Chicago Correspondence Schools, 975 Advertising Building, Chicago. Ul. I

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
Sixth

    Tn the little village at home he had lost
 r. He had searched for her the world over,
 lie had longed for her and loved her. At
 last, he gave it up and came to New York to
 live in a shabby boarding house. There in
 Ills own room he found her. In the dust
 ot the corners, he felt her presence.

        In the bureau drawers — in the very
        air, he knew her presence. She had
        been there but a short week before.

     J Send the coupon for this story and the other 274 sto-
         ries in 12 handsome volumes that you get for a little price

 O. HENRY

    Send coupon—without money—for 274 stories in 12 fine volumes — throbbing
    with life—with the life of city streets and the life of the Far West plains—of the inno-
    cent shrinking with shame, of the guilty who joyously sin, of healthy and jolly fun, of
    laughter clear and sane—of the weaknesses pardoned by love—and the unforgivable crime.

     Send (or them all on approval. Send lor them at once so you will get the 179 Kipling stories free

90,000 Own This Edition Already

  From the few who snapped up the first edition
  at Si25 a set before it was off the press, to the
  <>0,000 who have eagerly sought the beautiful
  volumes offeml you here— from the stylist who
  Mts ainon" his books to the man on the street—
  this whole* nat ion hows to O. Henry — hails him
  with love and pride our greatest writer of stories.
  Everybody has to have O. Henry — everybody who

 reads and loves books—senators ami authors, actors
 and artists and plain people of distinction.

 Send Coupon and You Will Understand Why
 Other Nations Are Going Wild Over Him

 why universities are planning tablets to his mem-
 ory; why text books of English Literature are S
 including his stories, why colleges are discussing f
 his place in literature ; why theatrical firms f
 are vying for rights to dramatize his stories. *

Kipling Free

wrote—the red,

 Short
 Stories
 2 Long Novels

O. HENRY

1.’ volumes bound in
gr<-' n silk < loth and
gold. C'.oM tops ; illus-
trated; L’74 complete
stories : one long novel

KIPLING

 6 volumes. 179 stories
 and poetns ; one long
 novel: red silk cloth ;
 gold tops.

                                         And besides to get your prompt
                                         action we give you, tree. Kip- S firf*eY,ew
                                         lingin six volumes—179 sto- + ,eVmWS

•	* *. u	S Irvliijrliaee

                                   ries—the; greatest heever * New York
 red stories of fight and the keen blue stories of peace.	/

Send No Money

  you ever saw or read. Better than moving pictures—for these S j„ j-? volumes. gold tops,
  are permanent, real moving pictures of life. Better than f Also thp 6 volume set of Kip-
  classics, for these are the living stories of today, from Man- + ling bound in cloth, li 1 keep
  dalay on China Bay to 34th Street and Broadway, and ~ the honks, I will remit fi p< r
  from Piccadilly to the Mexican border ranch. Send	month for 15 months forthe O.Her.rv

  the coupon before it is too late. Get both sets ship- ^	only and retain the Kipi't

  ped at once free on approval.

  25c a week pays for O. Henry. The Kipling is free.

  Send the coupon ami put the 18 books on your li- ^ JVaitie.
  hrarv shelves and the new joy in your heart.

 Don't wait till tomorrow and be sorry. Send	^

 1’onpon today and be glad.	w C

 REVIEWOF REVIEWS CO. / ^	edjii,m of „ mt,	„„„

JO Irving Place New YorU ^ t ,0luine and has prove.! a fav.,rii* Un.iniL*. F,.r tLi* luxurious li

                                        f change above to I1.5U a mouth lor 13 ruoattie-

 p.	cc.	find

  ehanre. < • t>ior-« ip
  ^ both set** at your ei]

 Address .
 OiTitfafio’; . .

Please mention this magazine wlien answering advertisements.
rm: popular magazine advertiser

Ask Veteran Car Owners

    You see “Nobby Tread” owners on city streets and country roads all the time, anywhere and everywhere,

         -ask them why they use “Nobby Tread” Tires,

          -ask them why they buy the clothes they wear,

          -ask them why they buy the food they eat.

    The reason will be the obvious reason—the simple reason—the same reason why they buy the
best of other things, viz:—simply because they have learned that the best in tires like the best in
everything is always the

Cheapest in the End

    Automobile owners everywhere are rapidly learning to buy tires on a real business basis, viz:—the
basis of ultimate economy.

    And remember this—investigations prove that with “Nobby Tread” Tires punctures are 90"()' less
than with the average tire.

    These are the reasons why “Nobby Tread” Tires are today the largest selling high-grade anti-skid
tires in the world.

    Based upon their remarkable mileage records

‘Nobby Tread” Tires

are now sold under our regular warranty—perfect workmanship and material—BUT any adjustments
are on a basis of

5,000 Miles

Thousands upon thousands of veteran motorists now use “Nobby Tread” Tires on their front
and rear wheels through all seasons, because they give real anti-skid protection and the
lowest cost per mile.

United States Tire Company

NOTE THIS:—Dealers who sell UNITED STATES TIRES sell the best of everything.

Please mentinn this magazine when answering advertisements.
A BOOK-LENGTH NOVEL, BY WILLIAM SLAVENS McNUTT, AND TEN GREAT SHORT
STORIES IN THE NEXT ISSUE. A WONDERFUL NUMBER!

      THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY. A Complete Novel, B. M. Bower

In whioh this capital teller of Western tales opens up a new field of romance under
present-day conditions, that bids fair to rival the old scenes of the “Happy
Family.*’

THE GREAT CARDINAL SEAL. A Novelette,	Robert Welles Ritchie

             Jf you remember The Cat and the King'’ story of a year ago—a tale of ghostly
                 Korea—you will doubly welcome this strange narrative of Par Kast adventure*

HIGH ART AND THE LOW BROWS. A Short Story, Henry Carr .

             -V remarkable yarn, full of humor and pathos, iti which a champion of the ring
                 meets a learned, crabbed theatrical critic, and together they try to elevate the
                 stage.

THE AGE LIMIT. A Short Story, .... Frank L. Packard

I low old should a man be before his railroad “cans” him? The Hill Division finds
itself up against this vital question.

THE CONFLICT—A TALE OF THE WAR OF THE NATIONS. Colonel Max Desprez

In Four Parts.

A serial whose characters—Americans—find themselves involved in the Kuropean
War of li)14, and the complications multiply with each move.

CAUGHT IN THE NET. Editorials

 The Editor

FIRE IN THE HEADING. A Short Story,	Julius G. Furthmann

Two hard-rock men want the same girl, and dynamite and black powder are forgot-
ten and ignored in their duel for mastery—a story of unusual power.

A MOTION-PICTIIRE HERO. A Short Story,

 William Holloway

Demonstrating how the movie may make a hoy into a hero, even when that hoy has
a boss who Is an arch enemy of “nickel shows.”

MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN. A Two-Part Story, Theodore Goodridge Roberts

            With the loggers and trappers In the Northern Woods, and how a man found
                himself.

 81

104

117

134 S

156
160

174

183

THE ENGINEERS. Verse,

Alan Sullivan
Wells Hastings

HIGH SEAS. A Short .Story.....

             Uenf* Shawn, the clever dancing master, and his assistant have ail amusing cruise
                  at the expense—expected and unexpected—of a financial titan.

203

204

Twii c-a-Month Pulilicntinn Issued by STREET & SMITH. 19-89 Seventh Avenue, New York.

OUMONI) (j. SMITH atnl (iKORGR C. SMITH, Proprietors.

Copyright, 1914, by street -.V Smith, New York. Copyright, 1914. by Street & Smitht Great Britain. All J'ighis Reserved.
Publishers everyu liere are > nutioned against iisin* any of the contents of this Magazine either wholly or in part.
j;nter(.,i al Xcw York Post Urti'-e as Second-class Matter, und^r Act of Congress of March 3P 1879.

Canadian Subscription, J3.72. Foreign, J4,44.

(W_______- — -a

 yearly siiBSCWFfl®*,

Copies 15 Cents

Statement of the ownership, management, circulation, etc., required bv the Act of Aujrust 24, 1912, of THE POPULAR MAGAZINE, published semi-
monthly, at N>W York, X. Y., for October 1, 1914____Kditor, Charles A, Macl.ean, 79 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y.„..Managing editors, business

managers, publishers And owners, Street & Smith. 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y., Ormond G. Smith, S9 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y.t George

C. Smith, &9 Seventh Ave., New York. N. Y.....Known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders, holding' 1 per cent, or more of total amount

<>f bunds, mort^a^es, or other securities: None____Signed by Georye C. Smith, of Street & Smith----Sworn to and subscribed before me this 21st

day of September, 1911, Charles W. Ostert&ff, Notary Public No. 2*79, New York County. (My commission expires March Hfith, 19Jfi.)
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

 6:30 A.1M.

   The Untrained Man leaves his comfort-
less boarding house at half past six in order to
be at the shop by seven. He works hard all day,
stopping only long enough for his dinner pail
lunch, and all he has to show for his day’s labor
is a dollar and a half or two dollars. All of this
goes for room and board, clothes, car fare, etc.—
life's bare necessities—leaving him nothing with
which to provide against sickness and old age.

 8:30 A.M.

   The Trained Man doesn’t get down to
the office until nine, so he leaves his comfortable
home about half past eight. He puts in seven
hours a day at congenial work, taking an hour or
more for lunch, and makes more money each
week than the other fellow earns in a month.
After Ms living expenses are paid he has enough
left to enjoy some of the good things of life and
still lay by a little something for a “rainy day.”

   The difference between these two men is —training. Both have brains and good health, but
one has the advantage of training that fits him to fill a responsible job at a big salary. He’s
no more capable or trustworthy than the other man, but he’s trained himself to work with his brain
instead of his hands.

 Your Opportunity Coupon

  Mark the position you want
  and mail the coupon now

  ■ ••.Eleetrical Engineer
  • ..Elee. Light & !’«w<*r Snpt.
  .... Hydroelectric Engineer
  ....Telephone Engineer
  • •..Architect

... .Architectural Draftsman
Building: Conlmlnr

 • .Building Superintendent ....Stenographer

r

 ■ Name ....
 | Address

 • ••.Lawyer

 ....Business Lair
 .... Business Manager
 ....Auditor
 ....Accountant
 ... .t'ert*Pd Public Aec’nt
 ....Private Secretary

 •••.Structural Engineer
 •••.Structural Draftsman
 ••..Mechanical Engineer

  •	...Mechanical Draftsman
  ....Civil Engineer

  •	••.Steam Engineer
  •*..Shop Foreman
  ••••Shop Superintendent

  •	...Sheet Metal Draftsman

 ... .Bookkeeper
 ....Fire Ins. Inspector
 ....Fire Ins. Adjuster
 • ...Fire Ins. Expert
 ... .Sanitary Engineer
 ... .Plumber
 ... .Reclamation Eng.
 ....Textile Foss
 ....College Preparatory

  We also prepare for eivll service examinations in all
  _engineering subjects

Become a Trained Man

     Decide to fit yourself for something better in life than a
 laborer’s job and pay. Start now—today—and in a few years
 hard, disagreeable work and long hours will be a thing of
 the past. The way is easy for any man with ambition and a
 willingness to learn.

      For over seventeen years the American School has been training men
 throughout the world for better jobs and bigger pay. It has prepared thou-
 sands for entrance into the big resident colleges. It has trained even more
 in all branches of Engineering, Business and Law* If you want to get
 ahead, the American School will give you the training you need* no mat-
 ter where you live or what you do. Remember, you don't have to give up
 your work—we train you in your spare time and in your own home. Not
 only this, but you can pay for your course as you progress.

      Fill in and mail the coupon — it's the first step toward becoming a
 trained man.

A

merican School

  of Correspondence. Chicago. U.SA

This school has no connection with any other school using the name “American”

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

VOL. XXXIV.	NOVEMBER 7, 1914.	No. 4.

The Spook Hills Mystery

By B. M. Bower

Author of “Good Indian'‘''Fortune's Football,'" Etc.

       No writer of “cowboy” stories can equal B. M. Bower. Ever since
   “Chip” of immortal memory Bower has been easily first among the writers
   who stage their dramas in the wide spaces of the cattle country. There is
   something new about this novel. It has to do with the cow=puncher, but
   also it holds a mystery, one of those intangible, eerie things that savor of
   ghostly visitations. The mountains held the secret, and holding it, they
   were re=christened the “Spook Hills.” It took a stranger in the West to
   fathom the mystery. A fine story.

(A Complete Novel)

CHAPTER I.

SINCE every story must begin some-
where, suppose we start with the
muggy evening when Shelton C.

      Sherman arrived at the Sunbeam,
convoyed thither in a somewhat wilted
and deprecatory condition by one' called
Spooky. Shelton C. Sherman was
handicapped by his name, over which
unaccustomed tongues tripped most irri-
tatingly, and by his complete ignorance
of things Western; and by a certain
frail prettiness; and by a trusting dis-
position which he was soon to lose.
But he was wise, with a wisdom learned
in school fights, and he did what he
could toward getting a fair running
start when he landed. He said his name
was Sherman, and let the rest go for
the present. He was amiable along

O

with his prettiness, and he listened with
avidity to Spooky’s rambling tales of
that wonderland to which anxious kins-
folk had sent him.

  This, as a beginning, may sound a
bit hackneyed. Since the first story
was told of the West, innocent young
males have arrived in first chapters and
have been lied to by seasoned old rep-
robates of the range, and have attained
sophistication by devious paths not al-
ways unmarked with violence. * But
when you stop to consider, life itself
is a bit hackneyed.

  Never mind then how many trustful
youths had looked wide-eyed upon the
sage before ever Shelton C. Sherman
stared solemn-eyed up into the face of
his mother. This was his turn, and
this is his story, partly. And it was
2

THE (POcPULflcR MAGAZINE

Spooky’s pleasing privilege to tell him
a good deal that was true and more
that was not—about the Sunbeam out-
fit and the sagebrush country that
wrapped it close.

  “Yuh don’t want to let Burney put
you on the fence first thing,” Spooky
coached when they were within five
miles of the ranch. “Burney’s all right,
you bet, oncet you git to know him right
well. There ain’t a straighter, whiter
man in Idaho than what Aleck Burney
is, you take it from me.”

  “Well, what’s queer about him?
Does he really try to put people on the
fence? And if so, why?” You see how
green the fellow was! “I don’t quite
get the point.”

  “Oh, I meant throw a scare into yuh.”
Spooky explained with some patience
because the very frankness of Shel-
ton’s ignorance disarmed him. Spooky
was not such a bad sort. “He scares
kids until they git used to him. But
if you go at him right he’ll be all
right.”

  “Do I have to go at him?” Shelton
laid hand upon his thigh, and stretched
a long, lean leg over the broken dash-
board to relieve a cramped muscle.
Spooky reserved his pitying reply while
he took a more careful inventory of his
passenger.

  “Say, you’re all there when it comes
to measuring lengthways, ain’t yuh ?”
he observed. “About how high do you
stack up alongside a hole in the ground,
anyway? Over six feet, ain’t yuh?”
“Two inches over,” Shelton admitted
reluctantly. ‘‘The folks sent me out
here to get some width to go with my
length: Dad’s an architect. He said
he’d have to use me for a straight edge
if something wasn’t done pretty soon.”
“Unh-hunh! Well, she’s shore a
great country—I reckon maybe you’ll
widen out some if you stay long enough.
What’s your age?”

  “Twenty-one,” with more reluctance.
“Time will help that, of course. If it

will also put 'some meat on my bones
and take off this pretty-pretty com-
plexion I’ll be willing to stay ten years.”'
Spooky touched up the off horse,
which was inclined to “soldier” on the
up-grade pull through a stretch of sand.
“Oh, you'll make out all right,” he said
finally in a tone of encouragement.
“Once you git out after stock—can you
ridq any?”

  “You mean on a horse?”

  “I mean—on a horse, yes.” Spooky
sighed in sheer sympathy with such ab-
solute benightment.

  “I never was on one except once.
I fell off that time,” Shelton confessed
cheerfully. “If it was a bike—but this
doesn’t look like much of a wheel coun-
try. Too rough.”

  Spooky made no reply whatever. He
drove on for some minutes in deep
thought, his eyes upon the trail ahead.

  “You were going to say something
when I get out after stock,” prompted
Shelton C. Sherman, after a silence.

  “I changed my mind. In order to git
tanned and looking more humanlike, I
guess yuh better set on the sunny side
of the corral a couple er three hours
a day—till your nose peels.”

  “I’d rather sit on a horse, if it’s all
the same to you,” Shelton objected. “I
could learn to ride, don’t you think?”
“Oh, I guess—maybe you could.”
Spooky spoke guardedly. “You’re purty
old to start in, but—maybe you could
learn.”

  “Gee! I was afraid I’d be too young
for all the things I wanted to learn.
It’s a relief to hear I’m too old for
something. What’s that line of hills
called over there?”

  “Them! Us Sunbeamers call them

the Spook Hills. That’s where-”

Spooky stopped, spat over the wheel
into the sand, and neglected to finish
the sentence. He stared morosely at
the jagged black sky line, and touched
up old Blinker again more viciously
than was needful.
THE S<POOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

3

  “Why are they called Spook Hills?
Are there spooks?” Shelton C. Sher-
man was gifted—or afflicted, as you
choose to consider it—with the frank
curiosity of a child.

   Spooky meditated upon the advisa-
bility of answering the young man
truthfully. After a space of silence he
said seriously: “There is; leastways
they’s one. They’re calted that, same
as I’m called it. All over the country
they call me Spooky, and them the
Spook Hills. Do you believe in ’em?”

   Shelton stuck both legs out over the
 dashboard, gazed at the hills, and
 thought a minute. “I never have,” he
 said simply. “But I expect I could. I
 came out here into this country pre-
 pared to believe almost anything.”

  Whereupon Spooky regarded him
warily, gave a snort, and topped it off
with a chuckle. He was not a bad
sort, though he was an awful liar when
the m»od seized him and he could Lnd
a pair of credulous ears. Again he
spat over the wheel, pointed with his
whip toward a certain low ridge blocked
at either end by high buttes, and by
devious conversational bypaths he pro-
ceeded to tell a very creditable ghost
story.

  “Gee!” was Shelton’s tribute, and
turned to stare with a new interest at
the jagged peaks and gloomy hollows.
“I wonder if I could get a sight of it
some time? You say it sank into the
ground with a low, pitiful moan ?’’

   Spooky squinted at him sidewise. “It
 went into the ground, yes. I never said
 it done any moaning. The danged
 thing hollered so my back hair never
 settled for four days.” He went at
 Blinker with the whip, set him into a
 gallop, and then sawed the horses into
 a heavy-footed trot again. “Maybe you
 got your doubts about it being true?”
 he challenged. “Lemme tell you some-
 thing, young feller. You ain*t the first
 /to doubt it. Spider, he didn’t believe
 it, either, when I told about it at the

ranch. fN’ about two months back,
Spider he was prognosticating around
over there, trailin’ a mountain lion, and
he heard it. And he was so danged
scart he dropped his rifle and come
foggin’ home without it. That’s a fact.
You can .ask any of the Sunbeam boys.
You ask Spider what he seen over in
Spook Hills. That’s all—you ask him.”
“I will,” Shelton promised obligingly.
“I wonder if it would scare me if I
saw it.”

  “Hunh!” grunted Spooky. “Don’t
yuh know?”

  “No,” averred the newcomer. “You
see, I’ve never been scared. I was in
a train wreck once—when two elevated
trains smashed together—and that
didn’t scare me. And I was in a theater
panic, and I stood upon a seat and
watched the people fighting like wild
cats to get to the door, and that didn’t
scare me. And I’ve been held up and
robbed, and upset in a canoe before
I’d learned to swim very well. And
I was hazed good and plenty at school,
of course—but I’ve never been scared.
Not scared like some fellows get, you

know. I was wondering-”

  Spooky twisted his body around in
the seat and looked Shelton C. Sher-
man over carefully. Shelton took in
his legs, gave two perfectly uncon-
scious pulls at his trousers—after the
manner of a man who hates baggy
knees—and returned the stare with
clear-eyed candor.

  “I was wondering if that spook thing
could scare me,” he finished deprecat-
ingly.

  “I—Blinker! I’ll cut the everlastin’
hide offen you if you don’t straighten
out them trace chains!”

  “Was it the looks of it, or do you
think it was the noise that scared you ?”
Spooky shifted uncomfortably on the
seat. “I dunno. I’ll take you over
there some day and let yuh find out
for yourself.”

 “Oh, would you? Thanks!” The
4

THE cPO'PULA<R MAGAZINE

tone of him was so absolutely honest
that Spooky withdrew into his shell of
taciturnity, and gave over his half-
formed plan of mental bedevilment,
and drove on in silence save when com-
mon decency wrung from him a yes or
a no, or his one safe bet, “I dunno.”

  He took the young man to the house
and left him standing there in the heavy
dusk with his baggage stacked beside
him and bewilderment in his eyes. The
Sunbeam, like many another ranch, did
not run to artistic housing, and it is
very probable that the young man ex-
perienced a keen sensation of disap-
pointment when he stood before the
low, dirt-roofed cabin that sprawled
upon a sun-baked area of sand, and re-
alized that this was the official head-
quarters of the Sunbeam Ranch.

  Spooky lifted up his head and yelled
a summons, and a door opened to let
out a huge figure that loomed monster-
like in the dvisk. Spooky went to the
head of Blinker and stood there fum-
bling with the harness—which was his
way of masking the curious stare he
fixed upon Shelton C. Sherman.

  The gigantic figure came closer and
closer until he towered above his vis-
itor; towereft, though Shelton owned to
six feet two. Spooky grinned in an-
ticipation, and moved closer in the pre-
tense of looping up Blinker’s line.

  Shelton C. gave one surprised look
and went forward, smiling.

  “Are you Mr. Burney? I’m Shelt
Sherman. I think you expected me—
unless mother’s letter went astray some-
where.”

  The giant took the hand of Shelton
C. Sherman and crushed the bones in
an excruciating grip. Spooky watched
the face of Shelton C.—watched and
saw him smile wryly, and heard him
make the amazing statement that he
was pleased to meet Mr. Burney. Un-
der his breath Spooky named the place
where little boys who steal watermelons

must go when they die, and led the
team away tolthe stable.

  He met Spider on the way, and he
stopped long enough to announce that
he had brought a pilgrim home with
him. “He’s a purty-purty, and he ain’t
never been scairt in his life, and he
ain’t never been on a hoss in his life
but once, and he laid his trustin’ little
hand in Burney’s and said he was happy
to meet him. You know how Burney
shakes hands!”

  “Huh!” said Spider, picturing men-
tally the incident. “ ’S he going to
stay ?”

  “I dunno. He thitiks he is.” Spooky
was stripping the harness off the horses.
“He’s got a banjo. He ain’t so worse
—but he sure is tender!”

  “He’ll get over it,” Spider stated
wisely. “If he stays long enough.”
“Yeah—if ! Wonder what Burney
wanted him out here fur? Looks like
he’s got his hands full enough without
takin’ no kid to raise.”

CHAPTER II.

  In that part of Idaho which lies
south of the Snake, the land is spotted
with forest, sage flats, lava beds, and
grassland. You can find anything there
—anything in the shape of wild deso-
lation. In the days when the Sunbeam
held by right of possession the range
which lay east and south of Spook
Hills, you could find more of the deso-
lation, more of the forbidding wilder-
ness than the land holds now. The
Sunbeam Ranch—which means that bit
of fertile land where stood the Sun-
beam buildings—was tucked away in a
coulee so hidden that one might ride
to the very rim of it before suspecting
its nearness.

  Idaho is full of such coulees. You
ride through miles and miles of bleak
desert with nothing to break the mo-
notony save a distant pile of rock-
crowned hills. You enter a nest of
THE S<POOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

5

thick-strewn bowlders, perhaps, and
turn and twist this way and that to
avoid the biggest of them. Then you
find yourself on the brink of a steep
hill—when it is not a cliff—and just
below is a green little valley with trees;
or a gray little valley with sagebrush
crowding upon the narrow strip of grass
which borders the stream; or a black
hole of a valley that looks like the
mouth of hell itself, with gleaming
ledges of lava interspersed with sharp-
cornered rocks the size of your head,
and stunted sage and greasewood and
no water anywhere.s If you go down
there you will hear the buzz of a rat-
tler before you find your way out, and
you will see horned toads scuttling out
of sight in little crevices, and lizards
darting over bowlders into hiding be-
yond. You will see the bluest sky in
the whole world—or perhaps it only
seems so when it bends above so much
that is black and utterly desolate.

  It was in a gray little valley that the
Sunbeam cabins stood. Farther along
there was a meadow, to be sure, where
hay was cut for the saddle horses to
feed upon in winter. But that was
around a black elbow of lava that thrust
out toward the stream like the crook
of a witch’s arm hiding jealously the
green little nook she had found for her-
self. The cabins were built upon bar-
ren sahd—perhaps because the green
places were too precious to be used im-
providently for mere comfort in living.

  The cabin was low and gloomy for
want of windows. Burney bent his
head level with his chest every time he
entered or left his own door, and never
thought of building a house to match
the immensity of his frame. Burney
was six feet and eleven inches tall when
he stood barefooted. His cabin was a
little more than seven feet to the ceil-
ing inside; so Burney, desert bred
though he was, never wore his hat in
the house; bareheaded he did not scrape
the ceiling when he walked about, un-

less lie went close to the wall; when
he did that he ducked unconsciously.

  Shelton C. Sherman spent the whole
of the first evening in watching Burney
with something of the incredulity which
marks the gaze of a small country boy
when confronted unexpectedly by an
elephant. When Burney rose from his
chair—it was made of planks spiked
together so that it formed a square
stool that would have borne the weight
of a horse—Shelton glanced involun-
tarily upward to see howr close he came
to the roof. When Burney turned his
back, Shelton C. measured mentally the
breadth of his shoulders, and fought
with his disbelief at the figures his mind
named for him. When Burney sat
down before the fire, Shelton stared at
the huge boots thrust forward to the
heat, half expecting that Burney would
presently call out: “Wife, bring me
my hen!” If you have never heard
the story of Jack the Giant Killer you
will not see any sense in that. When
Burney filled his pipe Shelton wondered
how he managed to avoid crushing the
bowl of it in his fingers. Shelton C.
Sherman caressed the swollen knuckles
of his right hand and stared astonished
at the light touch of Burney when he
picked a coal from the fire and dropped
it neatly into the center of the pipe
bowl.

  There were two things small about
Burney. They were his eyes, which
in the firelight looked like little, twin-
kling, blue sparks, and his voice, which,
when he spoke, was high and thin and
almost womanish. Only he seldom
spoke.

  At the bunk house the boys discussed
the newcomer and wondered how he
felt, shut up alone with Burney.
Spooky’s curiosity led him as far as
the window of the cabin. He peeked
in, with Spider looking over his shoul-
der. The scene within was disappoint-
ing in its tranquillity. Shelton C. Sher-
man was sitting on an upturned nail
6

THE cPO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

keg, smoking a pipe and staring med-
itatively into the fire. Three feet away,
Burney sat upon his plank stool with
his great made-to-order riding boots
thrust away out toward the blaze, also
smoking his pipe and staring medita-
tively into the fire.

  Spider craned for a good look at the
pilgrim, saw him lift his right hand,
after a quiet moment, and run finger
tips gingerly over his knuckles; he
glanced afterward inquiringly toward
Burney, and Spider snickered and
nudged Spooky in the ribs.

  “Looka that?” he whispered. “Bet
he carries that paw in a sling to-morra.”
“Unh-hunh—but he stood for it like
a little major, and said he was pleased
to meet him,” Spooky testified, also in
a whisper.

  “Huh!” murmured Spider, and led
the way back to the bunk house.

  Breed Jim was there, having jusf put
up his horse after a late ride from over
toward Pillar Butte. That in itself was
not far enough away from the com-
monplace to be interesting. But the
look on Breed Jim’s face as he glanced
up at the two caught their attention and
drew their speech away from the vis-
itor.

  “Say,” Jim began, without prelude
of any sore, “where was it you seen
that there ghost of yourn, Spooky?”
“Ghost uh mine! I ain’t paying taxes
on no ghost,” Spooky denied indig-
nantly. “What you driving at, any-
how ? Come in at this time-a night and

begin on me about-”

  “Oh, I ain’t beginning on nobody.”
Jim pried off the corner of a fresh
plug of tobacco and spoke around the
lump. “I seen something out on the
aidge of the lava bed. Follered me for
about a mile. I couldn’t ride aw'ay from
it and I couldn’t git within shootin’
distance. ’S too dark to make out what
the thing was—but it was . something.
Scared m’ horse so I couldn’t hold him
hardly.”

  “Whereabouts on the lava bed?”
Spider wanted to know. “Up next the
hills? That’s where I seen something
last winter.”

  “It wasn’t there—I was away over
on the fur side-a that black coulee.
You know the one I mean—the one that
heads up into the big butte. I hit the
coulee just about dusk—she got dark
quick to-night—and I was driftin’ along
to-ward the Injun trail to come across
and on home when I first felt the thing
a follering.”

 “Felt-”

  "Yeah—I felt it. Something told me
I was bein’ follered, and I looked back.
First I didn’t see nothing. I was cornin’
along through the rocks and I couldn’t
a seen a hull army of soldiers. I went
on a little piece further and looked
back again; and I never seen nothing
that time neither. But there was some-
thing—I could feel my back crawl cold.
More’n that, m’ horse got to actin’ on-
easylike, and lookin’ back. It went
along like that till I come to the Injun
trail—and then I seen something back
a piece behind me, jest duckin’ behind
a big rock.”

  “Do ghosts ever duck?” Shelton
was standing by the half-open door lis-
tening fascinatedly. Now that he had
spoken, he entered the room, his hat
in his hand. “Pardon me for listening.
I didn’t mean to, but I arrived just
at the point where your back crawled
cold. That sounded interesting, so I
waited for the rest of it. Sherman is
my name, fellows. I’m just as green
as they make them in stories; possibly
a shade greener. But Mr. Burney sent
me down here to sleep, so I’ve just
about got to force myself on you and
crawl into some corner where I won’t
be too awfully conspicuous.” He
grinned down at Jim with that cheer-
ful candor which had disarmed Spooky.
“Won’t you please go on with your
story?” he begged. “I didn’t mean to
THE S<POOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

7

interrupt, honest. But I was so inter-
ested I forgot my manners.”

  “Hunh!” grunted Jim from behind
the mask of stolidity which he wore
before strangers, and comforted him-
self with more tobacco. He made no
attempt to go on with his story, how-
ever.

  “This is only the young feller I brung
out from town,” Spooky explained.
“Burney’s took him to raise; name of
Shep—or something like that. You
don’t want to mind him, Jim. Go on
and tell us.”

  “What did it look like? A man?”
Spider sat down on the end of a bunk
and leaned forward interestedly.

  Jim shook his head, with a quick
glance at Shelton from under his black
eyebrows. “I d’no what it was like.”
“Didn’t yuh see it ag’in?”

  “Nh-hn!” Jim rose and went to the
door and looked out, mumbled some-
thing about his horse, and disappeared.

  “Oh, say! I’m afraid I spoiled the
whole story,” Shelton protested re-
morsefully. “I didn’t mean to do that.
What was it all about, anyway? Did
he really see something?”

  “I dunno,” Spooky answered him
tonelessly. “You can sleep in that bed
over there, Shep. Nobody lays any
claim to it. The feller that owned it
blowed his brains out right in that there
bed last fall.”

  “Oh, it’ll do all right for to-night,”
Shelton C. assured him amiably. “I’m
tired enough to sleep any old place.
Don’t bother about me—I’ll be all
right.”

  “We ain’t bothering about you,
Shep,” smiled Spooky deceitfully. “Not
a-tall, we ain’t bothering.”

  He watched covertly while Shelton
C., having brought in his suit cases,
robed himself in a nightshirt and went
to bed. He sent a meaning glance to-
ward Spider because of the nightshirt,
which to Spooky seemed absolutely

ridiculous. And after that he lifted
his eyebrows inquiringly toward Spider
when Shelton C. turned back the blan-
kets and with a long sigh of animal com-
fort stretched himself out in the bed
where a man had blowed his brains out.
Spooky was suspicious of Shelton C.’s
seeming indifference to the gruesome
history of that bed. He picked up a
deck of cards, shuffled them absently,
and made a “spread” for that game of
solitaire which he called Mex.

  “You don’t want to git to dreaming
about pore old Mike,” he warned Shel-
ton by way of reopening the subject.
“The only feller that tried to sleep
there after it happened woke us all up
screaming and fightin’ the air. He wa$
foaming at the mouth something fierce
when we got the lamp lit. Took four
of us to hold ’m down. I dunno what
got aholt of ’im, but next day he blowed
his brains out.” He glanced at Spider
for the grin of approval he felt he had
earned.

  ShBlton C. yawned widely and in-
voluntarily, and turned over on his
back. “Say, you fellows out here must
have all kinds of brains to waste,” he
observed sleepily, and yawned again.
“This cabin must have a very brainy
atmosphere ; maybe—I’ll—catch some if
I sleep-” He trailed off into mum-
bling. Presently he opened his eyes
with a start and looked toward Spooky.
“Good night, fellows,” he muttered.
“Hit me a punch if I—bother you with
—sn-snoring.” Then he went to sleep
in earnest, and breathed long and deep.

  Spooky played in silence until the
game was hopelessly blocked. He
dropped the remainder of the deck ypon
the table, got up, took the lamp, and
went over and held the light close to
the sleep-locked eyes of Shelton C.
Sherman. He waved the lamp back and
forth twice, saw the sleeper move rest-
lessly away from the glare without wak-
ing, and stood up and looked at Spider.

  “I’m a son of a gun !” he stated flatly.
8

THE (POVULW MAGAZINE

‘'VVhadda yuh know about a kid like

that?”

  Breed Jim went into the cabin where
Burney still bulked before the dying
embers, his pipe held loosely in his
great fingers, his little blue eyes fixed
abstractedly upon the filming coals.
Jim went over and leaned an elbow on
the rough mantel, and stared down re-
flectively into the fire, the Indian in
him being strong enough to induce a
certain deliberateness in beginning what
he had come to say.

  There was no Indian blood in Bur-
ney ; yet he sat perhaps five minutes
before he stirred. At last he shifted
his feet, gave a great sigh as if he
were dismissing thoughts that were
somber, and looked up.

  “Well, what did you find out, Jim?”
“They’re back, all right,’' Jim said,
without moving his gaze from the fire.
“Been back a month or so. They’re
runnin’ three big bands—mostly eyes.
Lambin’s on full blast. They ain’t
worked over this side Pillar Butte jet,
but they’re workin’ this way, all right.
Feed ain’t so good over there and they
got to cover lot’s of ground. They’ll
be crowdin’ up on us purty soon.”

  “Talk with any of ’em?”

  “Nh-hn! I kept back on the ridges
and sized things up. Don’t think any
of the bunch spotted me. I didn’t know
what yuh might want to do about ’em,
so I left the game plumb open.”

  Burney got up and stretched his arms
out full length from his body—and he
had a most amazing reach for any hu-
man outside a circus. “They needn’t
think I’ll buy ’em out again,” he re-
marked half to himself.

  Jim grinned approvingly. “They
made good money oflf’n you last time,”
he twitted tactlessly. “You can't blame-
'em for bringing in another outfit to un-
load on yuh. I guess they made more
on the deal th^i what you done.”
Burney turned and scowled down at

him, and Jim pulled the grin from his
lips and backed a step. Sometimes Bur-
ney would stand for joshing, Jim re-
membered, and sometimes he wouldn’t;
and when he wouldn’t silence was a
man’s best friend.

  He waited a minute or so longer, de-
cided that Burney was not going to say
any more:—or that if he did, what he
said would not be pleasant to hear, and
went out without a word of explana-
tion or adieu.

  Burney walked twice the length of
the cabin, hesitated, and then busied
himself in his little storeroom, and came
out with a bundle under his arm. He
went outside, stood upon the doorstep,
and stared hard at the bunk house.
When he saw the lighted square of the
window wink dark and open its eye
no more he moved away toward the
stable, and for all his bulk he moved
swiftly and quietly. In the corral a
big, brown horse nickered and came
forward expectantly. Burney reached
out a hamlike paw and the horse nuz-
zled it like a pet dog. He went over
to where his saddle, a huge, heavy thing
made especially for him, hung by one
stirrup from the end of a top rail; and
the horse followed at his shoulder. He
did not speak once to the animal while
he put on the saddle and the bridle,
but every touch was the touch of af-
fection.

  Presently he rode quietly away
through the sagebrush, across the little
flat, and up the steep hill to the east.
In the starlight he looked like the mag-
nified shadow of a horseman moving
slowly up toward the stars. Frequently
he stopped to breathe his mount, for
the hill was steep, and though the horse
was big like his master and heavy-boned
and well-muscled, Bnrney was a load
for him. At the top Burney turned and
rode forward on the trail which Breed
Jim had lately followed, and went for-
ward at a slow, easy trot that slid the
miles behind him with the least efifort.
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

9

  At the Sunbeam the men slept heav-
ily in the stuffy darkness of the bunk
house. But Burney, their boss, rode
and rode through the sage and the lava,
and crossed steep gullies, and skirted
ledges that no four-footed thing could
scale—unless we except the lizards that
lived there—and still lie went on. The
Great Dipper tilted more and more, and
the wind rose and blew chill across the
uplands. A thin rind of moon rose and
slid behind a flock of woolly clouds
that reminded Burney disagreeably of
sheep; and after a while the wind grew
tired and blew long, sighing gusts, and
then forgot to blow at all. And still
Burney was in the saddle, riding alor.e
with no trail to guide him, and yet not
aimlessly.

  When daylight was close behind the
deeper gloom of the fading stars he
rode slowly down the hill and back
across the little barren flat and stopped
at the corral gate.

  In the dark he hunted for an old
gunny sack in the grain shed, and when
he had found one he unsaddled his
horse, and with the sack he rubbed and
rubbed until he felt certain that the
animal betrayed no sign of having been
ridden that night. Then he hung sad-
dle and bridle back upon the rail end,
closed the gate, and went up to the
cabin and got into bed.

  In the bunk house Spider and Jim
and Spooky w ere sleeping still, with an
occasional snort or a mumble of half-
formed w7ords to show that Spooky was
dreaming again. Shelton C. Sherman
snored rhythmically on the bed of hor-
rible history. ■ And then the window
brightened with the first flush of dawn
—and the Sunbeam Ranch faced the
beginning of a new- era of its little,
personal history.

CHAPTER III.

  It took Shelton C. Sherman a week
or so to get used to Sunbeam ways,
and to Burney, and to the blunt “josh-

ing” of the cow-punchers who called
Burney their boss. He learned to ac-
cept their sudden disappearances and
their unexplained absences and their
unexpected arrivals as the routine of
a cattle ranch. He learned also to ac-
cept Burney as a reality, and gave -over
the fantastic idea that he was part of
some fairy tale projected into the sage
country. He learned to answer when
some one shouted for “Shep”—for that
was the way they twisted his self-con-
fessed nickname of Shelt.

  He learned that he must not believe
all that they told him, however serious
might be their tones and their counte-
nances. He learned to look for an eye-
lid lowered slyly and to recognize that
particular muscular contraction as a
warning signal, and to doubt whatever
assertion the winker might make there-
after. He learned a good many things,
as a matter of fact. And since he was
young and of a cheerful temperament
and much given to fun, he learned
faster than one might suppose. In a
week he acquired a doubtful smile and
a look of inquiry; in two weeks he
had forsworn all faith in his fellows
and refused to believe anything he was
told; which piece of radicalism was al-
most as bad in its way as was his too-
confiding tendency.

  Burney drove the first nail into the
coffin of his faith, and he did it the
first forenoon of Shelton's sojourn at
the Sunbeam. He found Shelton hang-
ing blankets and quilts on the sagging
barbed-wire fence that inclosed the
grave of some gardener’s hopes. He
stood and w-atched Shelton examine a
calico-covered pillow, and finally he
asked what was wrong with it.

  ‘‘Why, you see/' said Shelton cheer-
fully, “the fellows seemed to think the
bedding hadn’t been thoroughly cleaned
after that man committed suicide in
them, so I thought it might not be
healthy to sleep in them without a good
10

THE ‘POPULJltR MAGAZINE

airing. They told me it was on this
pillow he blew out his brains-”

  “They lied to you,” Burney said
flatly. “Nobody ever died on this ranch
yet.’'

  Shelton dropped the pillow, and
stared at the giant. “Oh, they lied to
me!” he repeated disappointedly. “I
don’t see why they’d want to do that
—do you?” He looked undecidedly at
the flapping blankets, and began to pull
them off the fence. “I suppose they’d
think it a great joke if they saw all
this bedding outside,” he explained. “I
guess I’d better put it back on the bed
and wait for the next move. It wouldn’t
do to say I’d found out, would it?”
He stopped, and faced Burney, his can-
did blue eyes looking up at the big man.
“I wonder if they did it to scare me?”

  “Chances are,” said Burney dispas-
sionately, and went on to the cabin.

  After that faith died quickly. Shel-
ton came to that mental attitude of gen-
eral distrust which demands absolute
proof before he would accept anything
as fact.

  You can see how that would work
out in a country where everything was
strange and where ignorance must per-
force be warned of many things by ex-
perience or suffer the penalty.

  “What are those hills over there
called?” he asked Burney guilefully one
day, and pointed toward the east.

  “Them?” Burney turned his head
slowly toward the high, broken ridge
standing stark -and barren against the
sky. “Them’s the Piute Hills over
there.”

  “The fellows call them the Spook
Hills,” said Shelton in the tone of one
who has once again suffered disillu-
sionment.

  “They may call ’em that,” said Bur-
ney, “but that ain’t saying it’s their
name.”

  “Spooky says he saw a ghost'over
there.”

  “Ed’* always seein’ things.”

   “I’d like to ride over there, if you
 don’t want me for anything.” Shelton
 was beginning to find little duties
 around the place, so that he felt that
 he was not altogether his own master.
 “Could I take old Dutch and a lunch
 and do a little exploring to-day?”
 “There ain’t nothing over there,”
 Burney said, with a shade too much of
 emphasis. “Better ride over to the
 river if you want to go somewhere.”
 “I’d rather go to those hills, if it’s
 all the same to you. I’ve heard so much

 about them-”

   “You’d git lost,” Burney scowled
 down at him.

   “Oh, no, I won’t. I’ve got a com-
 pass.” And Shelton produced a com-
 pass the size of a dollar watch, and dan-
 gled it by its buckskin string before
 Burney. “Ought I to take water along,
 or are there streams and springs?” He
 * was smiling in anticipation of the ex-
 porer’s thrills, until he tilted back his
 head and looked up into Burney’s face;
 the smile gave place then to plain puz-
 zlement. “Why don’t you want me to
 go"” he asked straightforwardly, like
 a child. “Don’t you want me to use old
 Dutch? You told me I could ride him
 whenever I wanted to, so I took it for
 granted——"

   “I don’t care how much you ride
 him.” Burney was plainly ill at ease.

  “Then why don’t you want-”

   “Oh, I don’t care. Go where you
 want to. Onty—there ain’t anything to
 see.” He pulled out his pipe and be-
 gan to fill it nervously.

   “Maybe I’ll see Spooky’s ghost,”
 laughed Shelton, and stopped short
 when he looked up at Burney.

   “Ed’s a fool. They ain’t any such
 thing.” Burney spilled tobacco into the
 wrinkles of his ill-fitting vest.

   “Well, I can go, can’t I?” Shelton
 did not attempt to understand this big
 man. He looked so different from
 other men that one would not expect
 him to act like others, he reflected. In
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

II

the week of their acquaintance he had
observed many peculiar traits in Bur-
ney. He slept sometimes for hours dur-
ing the middle of the day for one thing.
And he had long fits of silence that
were almost sullen, and was sometimes
querulous afterward with the men, so
that they avoided him quite openly as
the simplest means of dodging trouble.
Shelton thought that Burney was in one
of his unpleasant moods this morning.

  “You can do as yuh please, I

reckon-” And Burney spoke even

that qualified consent grudgingly.

  So Shelton took long steps to the
stable, having spied Spooky there. He
wanted Spooky to help him get the sad-
dle and bridle on Dutch—the proper
tying of a latigo being still a baffling
mystery to him; also, he could not, for
the life of him, tell which was the
front of the bridle.

  He went grinning up to Spooky, and
clapped that individual on the shoulder.
“I’m going spook hunting,” he an-
nounced gleefully. “Want to go
along?”

  “No, I don’t want to go along,”
Spooky retorted, mimicking Shelton’s
tone. “Spooks don’t travel by daylight,
Shep. Better wait till toward night.”

  “I’m going to stay till night,” Shel-
ton told him calmly. “I’ll take a lunch
along. And I’ve got a compass, and
I can travel by the North Star.”

  “You’ll want to travel by lightning
if you hear that thing that I heard,”
Spooky fleered. “Wait till you git out
there in them lava hills and it com-
mences to git darkish! Honest to gol-
lies, Shep, they is something out in them
hills! 1 wasn’t lying to yuh about that.
Tliey’s three of us now that’s saw it
and heard it. It ain’t human, and it
ain’t no animal. It—say, I’ll bet four
bits you’ll come home scairt plumb sim-
ple—if yuh come. You wouldn’t git me
out there after sundown—not fer this
hull outfit.”

  “Say, that sounds interesting!” Shel-

ton declared, trying to put the chin
strap over old Dutch’s nose, and won-
dering what was the matter. “I’ll have
something to write home to the folks
about. Whoa, old boy! Open your
mouth like a good sport.”

  Spooky came up and took the bridle
away from Shelton with an air of weary
tolerance. “'Chances are we’ll do the
writin’ home to your folks, if yuh go
prognosticatin’ around over in them
breaks,” he predicted ominously. “Yuh
better keep away from there—that’s
straight goods, Shep,” he added seri-
ously. “On the dead, it ain’t no place
for a man to go prowling around alone
unless he has to.”

  “That’s the kind of place little me has
been looking for. I’m tired to death
of nice safe places that you can pet.
I came out here to be real wild and
woolly, and Spook Hills keep a calling,
and it’s there that I would be—hunting
ghosts that scare our Spooky soon as
it’s too dark to see!” He sang the
paraphrase, and, like the cheerful young
reprobate he was, he went blandly
around to the “Injun side” of Dutch
and would have climbed into the saddle
if Spooky had not grabbed him by the
coat and pulled him back.

  “Learn to git onto a horse right, why
don’t yuh?” Spooky protested dis-
gustedly. “Don’t go and insult pore old
Dutch by mountin’ like a squaw.”
Spooky watched him go bobbing up
the hill and out of sight over the rim,
and his eyes were friendly while he
made disparaging remarks about the de-
parting one. He liked Shelton C. Sher-
man with a patronizing, tolerant kind
of affection, even though he did lie to
him and tease him and bully him.

  Shelton went joyously on his way
through pungent sage and over hot,
barren spaces where was nothing alive
except the lizards,. Spooky had been
human enough to give Shelton C. some
really good advice about riding alone.
Part of it was to let Dutch use his own
12

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

judgment and take his own pace in
rough country; for Dutch had grown
old in the sagebrush, and he was wise
with the wisdom of range cayuses.
Therefore, having headed for Spook
Hills, he left the rest to Dutch and
the god Chance, and rode with his mind
at ease.

  Barrenness he found, and heat and
desolation; and a certain eerie gran-
deur such as he had never dreamed the
land could compass. He did not find
anything ghostly about the place, how-
ever, and he was disappointed at the
prospect of an uneventful day in a wil-
derness where the stage was set for
bold adventure. He was hot, and the
canteen he carried dried on the outside
and let the water turn sickeningly warm.
He did not feel like eating the coarse
sandwiches of sour-dough bread and
cold bacon, and there did not seem to
be any place where he could make
Dutch comfortable while he rested in
the shade of a black ledge.

  He shot a jack rabbit at forty paces
with his nice, new thirty-eight revolver,
and was astonished to find himself
spread-eagling into a sandy space be-
tween two thick clumps of sage. It had
never occurred to Shelton that Dutch
might object to the sudden report of
a gun discharged behind his ears—the
rabbit had been running before them
when Shelton fired.

  Shelton got up and dug sand out of
his collar, and picked up his hat and
laughed at the joke of it. After that
he led Dutch to where the rabbit lay
kicking in the hot sand. It cried like
a frightened baby when he drew' near,
and Shelton almost cried himself with
the pity of it. A shoulder was broken,
and the heart of it thumped so hard
that its whole body vibrated with the
beating; and when Shelton picked it
up and stroked it as one strokes the
back of a kitten, its eyes fairly popped
with fear. He spent ten minutes in
bandaging the shoulder with his neck-

tie, and while he worked he talked
soothingly to the terrified little animal.
He did not want to leave it there in
the desert to die, and he could not bear
to kill it. He held it in the crook of
one arm while he mounted awkwardly
and rode on, wondering if he could find
a cool, shady little nook where it could
stay until its shoulder healed.

  After a long while he thought he
heard some one shooting, and he turned
that way. Not the vicious crack of a
large-calibered gun, but the pop of a
twenty-two, he thought it was.

  Presently he came out from a huddle
of great, black bowlders and heard the
rifle crack just beyond the next rock
huddle. He rode that way, and he
came upon a girl sitting at ease upon
a flat rock that was shaded by the
ledge at her back, staring across a nar-
row gulch that was a mere rocky gash
in the hill. While he stared also she
lifted her- small rifle/ aimed carefully
with her elbow resting upon a conveni-
ent protuberance in the ledge, and fired.
She lowered the rifle, and peered
sharply, aimed and fired again. Shel-
ton looked, but he couldn’t, for the life
of him, see what she could be shooting
at.

  Dutch snorted and backed, and the
girl glanced that way and saw Shelton
staring curiously, the wounded rabbit
held close under one arm.

  “Hello!" she said, and turned her at-
tention again to the gulch.

  Shelton got out of the saddle without
spilling the rabbit, dropped the reins to
the ground as Spooky had told him
he must do, and came forward with his
best making-friends manner. Secretly
he was a bit disappointed in the girl
because she was not beautiful. You
see, he had read a lot of Western sto-
ries, and he had become infected with
the idea that all range-bred girls are
lovely—-real, love-story heroines wait-
ing to be discovered.

  This one was not true to type—grant-
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

13

ing that the story girls are typical. Her
hair was a sunburned brown, and there
was nothing lustrous or sheeny about it
—the desert winds saw to that. It
seemed abundant enough, and all na-
tive to her own head. She had it
braided and hanging down her back
with the end of the braid merging into
two wind-roughened curls. There was
no ribbon bow at all, by the way, but a
twist or two of what looked suspiciously
like common grocery twine. She wore
an old felt hat that looked as though it
had seen hard usage, and a faded calico
shirt waist and skirt of brown denim.
Her face was sunburned with a tend-
ency toward peeling, and her hands
were brown and rough. For the rest,
her eyes were a clear blue-gray that
changed color with her moods and the
light. Her mouth could not be spoiled
by a harsh climate and primitive liv-
ing, so that it was nice also; red and
well shaped, and flexible, and curving
easily into a smile.

  “How-de-do ? What you shooting
at?” Shelton began ingratiatingly, smil-
ing down at her while the hot breeze
fanned the moist hair off his forehead.

  “Rattlesnakes. Put on your hat; you
want to get sunstruck ?” The girl
glanced briefly at him again, then aimed
and fired across the gulch.

  “Oh, say! Are you really shooting
rattlesnakes? My name is Sherman.
I’m staying at the Sunbeam Ranch. You
don’t mind if I stop a few minutes, do
you? It’s horribly lonesome in these
hills.”

  “Don’t I know that?” The girl moved
aside to make room for him in the
shade, and Shelton accepted the mute
invitation and sat down beside her. “I
guess I know more about lonesomeness
than you do, Mr. Sherman. Pm tickled
to death to see somebody that don’t
smell of sheep.” .

  Shelton turned and looked at her as
long as he dared. “That’s awfully good

of you,” he murmured in his week-end
tone.

  “No, it ain’t. It’s just human of me.
I live right in the middle of ’em. I
hear sheep, and smell sheep, and see
sheep twenty-four hours a day, except
when I saddle up and get out like this
for a while—and then the emptiness is
just as bad.” Her mouth drooped a lit-
tle. “I go back to the wagon at night
tickled to hear the sheep blatting and
the dogs yelping—just because they’re
something alive.”

  “I didn’t know there was a sheep
ranch so close,” Shelton said, by way
of keeping the conversation running
along smoothly. “Though I’ve heard
the fellows at the Sunbeam talking
about some sheep."

  “There isn’t any ranch,” the girl told
him drearily. “I could stand that be-
cause I’d have a cabin of some kind
to take care of. I live in a sheep wagon
with poppy and Uncle Jake. I do the
cooking, and that’s all there is to do.
You can’t,” she observed dispiritedly,
“do much housekeeping in a sheep
wagon.”

  Shelton had learned in the past week
to conceal his ignorance, if possible. So
now he merely shook his head and said
it did seem rather discouraging to try
—though he had not the faintest idea of
what a sheep wagon looked like.

  “There’s another snake!” she an-
nounced suddenly, and lifted her little
rifle. “There must be a regular den
over there. I’ve seen six already—I got
four, I think.” She fired, and a tiny
plop of rock dust told where the bullet
had struck. “Missed,” she said unin-
terestedly.

  “Where is he? I’ll have a whack at
him myself.” Shelton laid down the
rabbit, which was too paralyzed with
fear to move. “I haven’t practiced any
since I came to the ranch,” he explained
apologetically. “I’ve always heard what
fine shots the cowboys are, and I didn’t
want them laughing at me. But-”
14

THE (POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

  “But my sample of shooting encour-
ages you to go ahead,” finished the girl
laconically. “Cowboys don’t shoot any
better than anybody else,” she went on,
in the tone of an iconoclast. “It’s just
the name of it they’ve got. Why don’t
you shoot ? Can’t you see the snake on
that ledge just under where I hit?
Looks like a crooked stick—there! Now
when he quits crawling you shoot at his
head.” She gave a dry little laugh.
“You needn’t be afraid to shoot before
anybody if you can take his head off
from here with that gun.”

  “Oh, say!” Shelton waited long
enough to hug himpelf farcically. “This
is going to be real wild-West sport!
Gee! Shooting rattlesnakes in their

dens-”

  “Well, shoot first and talk about it
afterward,” advised the girl bluntly.
“He’il crawl out of sight in a minute.”
Shelton obediently raised his revolver
high, brought it down in line, and fired
—while the girl watched him curiously
now that his attention was diverted
from herself. Thus she did not see
whether he hit the snake or not, and was
startled at the whoop he gave.

  “Say, I’m the lucky child! Did you
see him wriggle? Stirred up the whole
family, too! Gee, look at ’em!”

  Now, this is not going to be a snake
story. I shall not say how many rattlers
those two killed in that gulch, while
they sat there in the shade and talked
and watched and fired when a snake
showed itself. The point is that they
became very well acquainted before the
girl got stiffly to her feet and said she-
must go, or poppy would wonder where
his supper was coming from.

  Shelton, having learned that one
pinched the rattles off the snakes one
killed and kept them for souvenirs—
and for proof of the killing—insisted
upon climbing down into the gulch and
collecting all he could find. The- girl
—who finally confessed to the name of
Vida, and explained that her mother had

gotten it out of the dictionary because
it was odd and the feminine of David,
and because her mother’s father was
named David and ought to have a
grandchild named after him, anyway—
Vida protested and pointed out the dan-
ger in vain. Shelton must have rattlers
to send to “the folks” at home, to prove
the snake story he meant to write. As
to the danger—ignorance is frequently
mistaken for courage, and he went in
spite of her arguments; in spite of her
commands, even. And by all the laws
of nature he thereby took a long step
toward winning her regard. He came
back with his nose turned up at the un-
pleasantness, and with a handful of rat-
tles—no, I shall not say how many—
which he insisted upon dividing with
her.

  He also gave her the wounded rab-
bit to keep, though she assured him
pessimistically that the dogs would kill
it first chance they got, and that if they
didn't, it would die of the broken shoul-
der. Womanlike, she was inconsistent
enough to carry it home with her in
spite of her pessimism, just because he
gave it to her, perhaps.

  Shelton tried to induce her to prom-
ise that she would come again to hunt
rattlesnakes on some certain day, and
failed. And when they had parted and
he was riding home in the early dusk,
it occurred to him that he had forgotten
all about the spook. It would have
been a good story to tell Vida—only
they had plenty to talk about without
that. He remembered then that she had
once spoken of the place as Piute Hills,
so she couldn’t have heard the spook
story. He would tell her next time,
sure. He knew she was not the kind
of person who believes in ghosts, so it
would not scare her. Then he sighed.
She seemed to be an awfully nice girl,
but it did seem a shame that she was not
pretty. Her plainness was the one jar-
ring note in the day’s pleasure, and
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

15

robbed him of the joy of romantic mus-
ings as he rode homeward.

CHAPTER IV.

  Spooky had been to town, and had
returned with the mail, a fresh supply
of tobacco, and a quart bottle of a liquid
he called pain killer. It had been full
when he started for the ranch; and
when he arrived it had been a good
three-quarters full. This condition the
other boys speedily changed so that the
bottle was presently thrown into the dis-
card, empty and therefore useless.

  So it transpired that by dark the Sun-
beam boys were! jollier than usual, and
quicker to see a joke—when the joke
was on the other fellow. When Spooky
remembered the mail and took a bun-
dle of letters from his pocket, the num-
ber of those addressed to wShelton C.
Sherman caught his attention, Spooky
had never before seen the full name
written down on paper, and he studied
it curiously.

  ‘‘Shelton She Sherman,” he said
aloud, and stood the letter up on a
shelf. “Shelton, She Sherman! C! C,
gal ding it! Shelton She—C. Sherman.
Say, that's a peach of a name for a
man to pack around for folks to stub
their tongue on.” He fingered another
letter, and stood it beside the first.
“Shelton She Sherman,” he read again.

  “You’re boozed up, Spooky,” Spider
accused, coming up behind and resting
an arm heavily on Spooky’s shoulder.
“I’ll gamble you had twTo bottles when
you left town—you swine. Why, any-
body can read that right off. Anybody
that ain’t drunk,” he amended.

  “You try it,” Spooky challenged.
“Bet you four bits that you can’t say it
straight.” He stood a third letter up,
and after that a fourth. “Now read ’em
all—just the names—one after another,
and see who’s drunk!” he urged. “Bet
you four bits you can’t do it.”

  “Shelton—C—Sherman. Shelton She

—C—Sherman. Shelton She Sher-
Oh, thunder!” surrendered Spider,
laughing ruefully. “Come on, Jim. You
try it.”

  So Jim, showing two-thirds of his
teeth in a grin, came up and stood beside
them, studied the letters for a moment,
and fell over the very first C.

  “Bet a dollar Shep can’t say it him-
self,” he said, and took a big chewNof
tobacco. “Nobody could—sober. If
Spooky hadn’t went and swallered that
whole bottle, I could do it.”

  “What-all yuh talkin’ about?” A lit-
tle old man with bent shoulders and a
long> graying mustache came trotting up
from a far corner, where he had been
reading the last Boise paper by a smoky
lamp. “When it comes to readin’, they
ain’t a one of yuh that amounts to any-
thing. Yuh can’t hardly read a look-
out-fer-the-cyars sign on a railroad
crossin’!” He gummed a wad of to-
bacco and slid his spectacles farther
down toward the end of his high,
pointed nose. “What is it yuh want
read out to yuh?”

  “Read the names on them four let-
ters, Pike—and read ’em fast,” invited
Spider, writh a wicked little twinkle m
his eyes. “We’re trying to see who
can read the fastest.”

  “Why, can’t yuh read plain hand-
writing none of yuh? Shelton She

Sher-”

  Spider gave a howl and swung Pike
back into his corner. “Shelton She
Sherman shells sea shells by the she-
shore,” he stated gravely. “I’ll bet a
dollar there ain’t a man in camp can
say that straight.”

  They all tried it. They were in the
middle of hilarious attempts when Shel-
ton walked in among them smiling his
disarming smile of guileless good na-
ture.

  “Hello, Shelton She Sherman, who
shall shell she sells on the sheshore,”
Spider greeted him joyously. “Come
right in, my boy. You’re wanted.”
16

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  “That’s good. I’d hate awfully to
think I wasn’t wanted/” Shelton re-
torted. “Supper over, fellows? I'm
hungry as a she-bear.”

  “Shelton She Sherman, the she-bear

‘shays she shall not shell sea sells-”

yelled Spooky, rolling over on a bed
and kicking his heels into the air and
laughing so he could not go on.

   “Say, what’s the matter with you fel-
lows, anyway ?” Shelton demanded.
“Can’t you take something for it? Say,
Spooky, get any mail for your little
friend?”

  “Make Shep say it, or don’t give him
his letters/’ suggested Jim, spitting to-
bacco juice into the wood box so that
he could grin.

  “Say what?”

  Spider went over and stood guard be-
fore the shelf. His face was sober ex-
cept for the lurking little devil of fun
in his eyes. “Here’s four letters from
mamma and Susie and Sister Ann and
the little fairy that works in the candy
store on the corner,” he informed Shel-
ton. “If you can say Shelton She Sher-
man sells sea shells on the sheshore—
say it right, I mean—you can have ’em.”

  “No, he can’t!” interjected Spooky,
rising up, recovered from his fit. “He
can’t have but one for every time he
says it-”

   “He can’t have feut one try for every
letter,” put in Jim, coming up.

  Shelton took a minute to grasp just
what was expected of him. He made
Jim repeat the sentence, and he said it
over under his breath for practice while
Jim muddled the wo^ds.

  He peered at the envelopes over Spi-
der’s shoulder, and his heart swelled
with desire.

  “Shelton C. Sherman sells sea shells
on the sheshore,” he recited confidently
and reached out his hand for the first
letter.

  “Sheshore—yuh can’t have it. You
done lost that one,” declared his tor-
mentor. “Try the second one, Shep.”

  “Oh, say, fellows! That one's from
the only mother I’ve got,” pleaded Shel-
ton ; but the three were obdurate. The
second one he lost, and the third. The
fourth, which he suspected of being a
bill from his dentist, he refused to try
for, and went ofF to get something to eat
in the cabin, more than half angry; be-
cause that was his first mail from home,
and he had been fighting homesickness
ever since he landed. Shelton C. Sher-
man loved a joke, but he considered
this performance just plain meanness.

  However, he practiced faithfully
upon the sentence while he ate cold
boiled beef, sour-dough bread, and a
dish of fried corn, and emptied the tea-
pot of reddish, tannin-charged tea. Bur-
ney sat smoking before the fire and said
nothing at all. So, fed' and feeling more
equal to the situation, he hurried back
to the bunk house.

  “Shelton C. Sherman sells sea shells
by the seashore,” he recited trium-
phantly the moment he was inside the
door, and grabbed the letter he knew
was from his mother. “Aw, I guess
you fellows are not so smart,” he
taunted. “Shelton C. Sherman sells sea
shells by the seashore and takes num-
ber two—and that’s from my best giri,
fellers. Shelton C. Sherman continues
to sell sea shells by the seashore, and
gathers in this tender missive from his
big sister. And Shelton C. Sherman
doesn’t care a hang whether he shall
sell sea shells by the seashore at your
shervish, because that other letters looks
strangely like a gentle reminder of a
very painful hour in the torture cham-
ber of one Painless Parks who purports
to pull cuspids, bicuspids, or molars
without pain to himself or money re-
funded. Thanks awfully, my dear
friends. Anything else before I seat
myself to peruse these loving messages
from home?”

  “No fair greasing your tongue,
Sh^p/' Spooky complained. “You
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

17

ought to be spanked for staying out so
late, anyway. Where you been?”

  “Hunting spooks. And shooting rat-
tlesnakes and talking to a pretty girl.
Don’t bother me, fellers.”

  Spider fidgeted while Shelton seated
himself in a chair by the lamp, tilted
the chair back comfortably against the
wall, and projected himself mentally
into the midst of his friends back home.
Spider was in the mood to tease some
one, and Shelton seemed the logical vic-
tim.

  “Shooting rattlesnakes, you say?” he
inquired banteringly, by way of start-
ing something. He got a grunt of as-
sent from Shelton, and no further no-
tice.

  “I used to shoot snakes some myself,”
Spider observed reminiscently. “It’s
easy. You see a snake—like it was over
there—and you pull your old gat and
cut down on him—like this—and bingI”
He drew his gun, and, by way of illus-
tration, fired between the feet of Shel-
ton C. Sherman and splintered the
chair-round.

  “Oh, say! You disturb me!” Shel-
ton reproved mildly, without looking up
from the letter.

  “And when you see another one—
bing!” This time he made a miscalcu-
lation and flicked the heel of Shelton’s
boot.

  “Say! Look where you’re shooting,
why don’t you? How do you expect
a fellow to read——”

  “By jinks, there’s another one!” Spi-
der shot again, this time being careful
to aim at the floor under Shelton’s
chair.

  “And there’s one, right by your ear!”
Shelton, roused to action, whipped out
his own revolver and sent a bullet him-
ming past Spider’s head. “Look out,
there’s one right behind you!”

  Spider’s eyes widened perceptibly,
and he ducked quite frankly out of
range. “Aw, I was only joshing, Shep!”
he cried reproachfully. “You don’t
<2A

want to take things too serious. 1 never
meant anything.”

  “Neither did I,” retorted Shelton.
“What are you going to do now? Go
on playing snakes ?”

  “Nah.” To prove it, Spider broke
his gun, emptied the remaining car-
tridges in his palm, £nd threw the re-
volver on his bed. “What are you fel-
lers grinning your heads off about?”
he demanded fretfully of Spooky and
Jim. “How’d I know the kid could hit
where he aimed at? Stands a feller in
hand to duck, and duck quick, when a
strange hand points a gun at yuh. No

telling-”

  “I didn’t duck, did I?” Shelton cut
in shrewdly. “And I didn’t know how
straight you could shoot, either. I took
a chance, same as a fellow has to take
if he wants to have any pleasure in life.
Same as the girl said I took when I
went down into the snakes’ den to get
the rattles off the dead ones.”

  “Yes, you did—not!” Spider might
be momentarily taken aback, but he was
not the one to subside permanently.

  “Yes, I did, too!” And Shelton pro-
duced several rattles with the pinched-
off place still showing fresh. “And
that’s only half. I divvied with the girl,
just to show what a nice, generous boy
I can be. Besides, she shot a lot of ’em
herself.”

  “What gyurl was that ?” Pike, roused
again from his reading by the disturb-
ance, peered at Shelton over his spec-
tacles.

  “Oh, a girl named Vida. She lives in
a sheep wagon over somewhere near
Spook Hills. I don’t remember her
last name; she keeps house for poppy
and Uncle Jake—say, fellows, she’s an

awfully nice little girl-”

  Pike laid down his paper, took' the
spectacles from his nose, folded down
the bows, and produced a long, metal
case while he gummed his wad of to-
bacco thoughtfully. “Which side of
Spook Hills is her folks rangin’ sheep
18

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

on?” He asked, quite as if he were a
prosecuting attorney examining a wit-
ness for the defense. Pike had that
portentous manner when he approached
anything pertaining to the welfare of the
Sunbeam.

 "Why, I don’t know—somewhere
around close, I should judge, because
it was after five when she said she must
go and get supper for poppy.” Shelton
looked hungrily at his letters, but he
was too polite to say that he would like
very much to be left in peace while he
read them.

  Pike was making ready for another
truth-compelling question when Burney
opened the door and came stooping in,
his little eyes fairly boring through the
haze of powder smoke that still hung
heavy in the low-ceilinged room.

  Spider, Spooky, and Jim looked at
one another with a trace of uneasiness.
The other two met Burney’s sharp
glances unmoved—Pike because he
eould only think of one thing at a time,
and his mind happened to be occupied
now with other matters, and Shelton
because the emotion called fear had yet
to be born into his mental life. During
the complete silence that fell upon the
group, Shelton tore open another letter
and unfolded the pages, which crackled
sharply.

  “What’s this shootin’ about?” Bur-
ney’s voice might be high and thin and
wholly lacking in the timbre one would
expect from a man of his size, but the
sentence cut deep, like the whip of
tyranny.

  “Oh—nothin’; I was just—foolin’
with my gun, just—to see how she
worked.” Spider fumbled with his book
of cigarette papers, and found it diffi-
cult to single out a leaf.

  Pike, still ruminating upon the one
idea that filled his mind for the time be-
ing, unconsciously relieved the pending
unpleasantness.

  “Say, Burney, them Williams sheep
must be acrowdin’ up on our range,”

he piped suddenly. “The boy hyar says
he seen a gyurl, that b’longs to a sheep
outfit, foolin’ around Spook Hills. I
know ole Sam Williams has got a gyurl,
but I didn’t know she ever come out
'n’ camped with ’im. Still, she’s liable
to ’a’ done it—if the boy here’s tellin’
the truth about it.”

  “She’s done it irrespective of my tell-
ing the truth,” Shelton amended, and
went on with his letter.

  Burney stood a little stooped forward,
because of his hat scraping the log-and-
dirt roof, and stared hard at Pike and
at Shelton and at the three others, who
avoided meeting his sharp little eyes.
He reached out a great paw and fum-
bled for the door latch.

  “You want to cut out this shooting
around here,” he said to Spider, in the
tone of the master speaking to his man.
“Guns ain’t made to play with.” He
pulled open the door and stood hesi-
tating on the threshold. “Come out
here, kid; I want to see yuh,” he com-
manded, and went outside.

  Shelton sighed and folded up his let-
ter, The one thing he missed most at
the Sunbeam, it seemed to him then,
was neither companionship nor the crea-
ture comforts of life, but privacy. Wak-
ing or sleeping, he was never quite sure
of being left undisturbed for five min-
utes together—and that in a land where
isolation is the keynote of life. He
went out wondering what Burney could
possibly want him to do at this time of
night, or what he could want to see him
about that could not be spoken of be-
fore the others. So far as he had ob-
served the Sunbeam inhabitants, not
one of the lot—unless it should be
Burney himself—ever had a thought he
would not share; nor anything else, for
that matter, except his saddle horse and
riding gear.

  Burney was waiting for him outside,
and, without a word, he led the way
over to the cabin where he lived and
where the men all ate together. He
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

19

went inside, stooping to pass through
the doorway, and Shelton followed him.
He hoped that whatever business it was
that Burney had with him, it would not
take many minutes.

  The business puzzled Shelton to the
extent that he almost forgot his bunch
of unread letters. For Burney asked
him question after question in his high,
shrill voice about his trip, leaning over
the smoldering coals in the rough fire-
place, his great hands clasped loosely
together, his forearms resting upon his
huge knees. Where had Shelton gone?
How long did he sit there talking to
the girl? Just what part of the Piute
Hills—Burney never called them by the
other name—was it that he visited?
Which way did the girl go when she
left him? Did he come back the same
way he went? Did he see—anybody?
These questions and more did Burney
ask, and never once looked toward the
boy.

  To the last question Shelton gave a
queer answer. ■ “1 tried to see some-
body,” he said, and laughed a little.
“Once I thought I heard some one com-
ing behind me, and I thought Dutch
heard something, too. But I didn’t see
anything.”

  Burney rolled his little eyes toward
him for a quick glance. “You want to
keep away from Piute Hills,” he said
peevishly. “They’s—snakes and things.
A man’s liable to get bit.”

  Surprised, Shelton looked at him. It
was a poor reason to give a man, he
thought. “There aren’t as many as
there was,” he returned amusedly. “The
girl and I together killed about sixteen.
Here are the rattles of half of them.”

  Burney never glanced toward Shel-
ton’s outstretched palm. “It ain’t no
place for you, over there,” he reiter-
ated vaguely. “You better keep away
from them hills.”

 “Well-” Shelton was. going to

argue the point, to get some better rea-
son from Burney than the one he had

given. But Burney turned his back and
bent farther over the coals, and gave
Shelton to understand by his very pos-
ture that the subject was closed. So
Shelton went back to the bunk house
and read his letters in what one might
call peace, since the rambunctious ones
were wrangling amicably over a game
of solo, and Pike had gone to bed.

CHAPTER V.

  Of course, since Shelton had been
warned to stay away from Spook Hills,
he was crazy to go again as soon as pos-
sible. Burney might have known that,
if he had stopped to consider the matter
at all; for he must surely have known
a little bit about human nature. There
was another reason—the girl. That also
might go without saying. It is true she
was not pretty; and back home, or any-
where else where there were other girls
to choose from, I don’t suppose Shel-
ton would have troubled to speak two
sentences to her under any circum-
stances. But she was a girl, and she
was the only one in that part of the
country. And Shelton really had noth-
ing much to do at the ranch, and had
not learned to ride well enough to be
trusted out on the range with the men.
Burney was particular about not let-
ting him even attempt to ride any horse
save Dutch, who was at least eighteen
years old and considered absolutely safe.

  Well, Shelton went back to the hills,
and while he was yet afar off he saw
the girl riding slowly down along a
brush-fringed gully. He turned and
urged old Dutch into 3. stiff-legged lope
that still did not stumble, however
rough the ground—and Shelton in his
ignorance had no sense at all about gal-
loping a horse over dangerous places.
So he came bouncing along through the
rocks and sage and buckbrush, show-
ing daylight between himself and the
saddle at every jump, and clinging to
the horn with one hand, and looking
20

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

atrociously pleased and satisfied with
himself, and plainly expectant of a
glowing welcome.

   Shakespeare asserted boldly that wel-
come ever smiles. He was wrong; this
welcome did not smile appreciably. Nei-
ther did the girl turn her horse one inch
from the way she w7as going, that she
might meet him the sooner. Shelton’s
grin drew itself in at the corners when
he was close enough to see the dead
composure of her face. She certainly
did seem less impressed at his eager ap-
proach than a plain girl ought to seem.

  “Hello, Shep,” she said uninterest-
edly, when he was almost alongside.
“Why this mad haste? The scenery
ain’t going to run anywhere and hide;
and the snakes ain’t, either, ^nd,” she
added, as an afterthought, “I ain’t.”
Shelton made wrinkles between his
eyebrows. He hated to hear a girl say
..ain’t—unless she was so pretty a fel-
low could forgive anything. And Vida
was even plainer than he had remem-
bered her as being.

  “Are you wishing the scenery would
run away and hide?” he asked, uncon-
sciously adopting the tone he had al-
ways employed toward a pretty girl.

  “I don’t care what it does. I wish I
could hide.” Her face settled again
into a sullen discontent with life, such
as comes sometimes to the lonely.

  “Well, the hiding looks good around
here,” Shelton suggested amiably. “By
the way, how is our rabbit?”

   “It died,” she said indifferently. “I
told you it would. I packed it all the
way home and got all over fleas from
the dirty thing, and it went and died
before supper was ready. I gave it to
the dogs.”

  Again Shelton wrinkled his eyebrows
and wished that she were different. She
had no fine sentiments whatever, judg-
ing from her attitude toward the rabbit
—after he had bandaged it and carried
it in his arms and had given it to her as

a special favor! Any other girl would
have-

  “That great, overgrown Goliath of
yours is going to play hob, ain’t he?”
she demanded abruptly, looking at Shel-
ton resentfully. He felt that here was
the key to her ill humor, and braced
himself mentally to meet her latent an-
tagonism. “He’s a peach! The great
big bully!”

  “W’hy? How has he managed to win
your disfavor? He’s stayed right at
the ranch all the time-”

  “Yes, he has—not! He came over to
our camp yesterday and told poppy we
were on his range and he’d thank us
to get off it pretty darned sudden. Just
as if he owns the whole of Idaho! I
was in the wagon washing dishes, and I
heard him. He couldn’t wait—he got
there before poppy had left to go carry
some grub to the other camps. We’d
just had our breakfast. And he acted
like he owned us body and soul. I
stuck my head out of the wagon and
asked him where he got his license to
come bossing us around, and why didn’t
he let his own business keep him busy,
and he wilted right down! But he
talked awful to poppy—Uncle Jake was
out with the sheep, and didn’t hear him,
or there would have been something do-
ing right then and there.

  “Why, he told poppy to move right
away from Piute Hills and keep away!
And there’s better water and better
grass, what there is of it, in these hills
than anywhere around. He wanted us
to go back toward Pillar Butte with our
sheep—but lie’ll find out he ain’t running
the Williams outfit yet.”

  Shelton began to look uneasy, as if
he were being held responsible in some
way for the arrogance of Burney. He
hastened to declare his absolute neu-
trality, and he ended by apologizing for
Burney. “You know, he doesn’t seem
to me to be unjust or dishonorable, or
anything of that sort,” he went on. “I
think there must be some mistake. Per-
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

21

haps he felt that you were encroach-
ing—”

  “He felt that he wanted to hog the
range/' Vida interrupted hotly. “But
he ain’t going to make that work, not
with us. We’ve got just as much right
here as he has, and we ain’t afraid of
him just because he’s big as all out-
doors. Goliath, that’s what I call him
—and coming around trying to fight
with the jawbone of an ass, too! He’s
a coward. I ain’t afraid of him—I’d
stand up to forty more just as big as
he is.”

  Shelton laughed. “Vida is the femi-
nine of David, didn’t you say? David
and Goliath—oh, say, that’s rich! I
must write that home to the folks. A
girl-David at that. Where’s your sling-
shot?”

  “You shut up! I ain’t in the mood
to joke about him. You can stand back-'
and see how funny it is, and write to
your folks about us savages fighting
among ourselves out here over a pile
of barren hills and a few spears of
grass and some old water holes. 1 guess
it’ll sound funny to them. But it ain’t
funny to us, Mr. Prettyboy. It means
shoes and flour and bacon to us, if you
want to know.

  “Do you s’pose I don’t like pretty
clothes and things ?” Her eyes blazed
at him- from under her old felt hat that
her father had cast aside. “Do you
think I like to live like a squaw, and tie
my hair up with a grocery string, and
wear-” She gave an unexpected lit-
tle sob, wholly feminine and disarming.
“I’m living this way so poppy can get
ahead of the game enough to afford
something better. I hate it! I hate the
sight of sheep and I hate old clothes
and living away out here away from
everything a girl likes. But sheep’s the
only thing poppy sees good money in;
and this is about the only place that
ain’t overstocked already. And that
great, big, whiny-voiced booby can just

leave us alone! We ain’t hurting him
any.

  “Poppy sold out to him two years ago,
just to keep from having trouble with
him, and tried to go into something else.
And he lost about half his money and
just had to get back into sheep, because
they’re the only thing he’s sure of mak-
ing good at. And he ain’t going to sell
out again to please anybody. And he’s
going to run his sheep in these hills
just as long as he wants to, and you
Sunbeamers have just got to stand for
it. If you don’t like it, why, you can
lump it. That’s all.”

  “I do like it,” Shelton declared pla-
catingly. “You mustn’t say we’re all
against you and wanting you to leave
here, because that isn’t true. I’m not
against you, and I want you to stay
around here just as long as I stay.”
He felt rather proud of that statement,
and he was disappointed because Vida
was not immediately cheered by it.

  “You’re'mighty small potatoes when
it comes to this range business,” she re-
minded him. “Sounds nice, but when
you come right down to cases, what you
think and want stacks up about as high
as a hole in the ground. When I say
you have got to stand for our running
sheep here, I mean the outfit you’re
stopping with; you Sunbeamers. And
we’re going to stay. We’ve got to, or
get out of the sheep business—and
poppy ain’t going to do that till he gets
outa debt. There’s going to be good
money in sheep this year. The lamb
crop was fine.”

  So she talked, and Shelton presently
became bored with the subject. To him
it looked like a big enough country for
all the people there were in it, and more.
Big enough for all the sheep and all the
cattle, too.

  Far as he could see, the country lay
wide open, with never a fence nor a
house anywhere. To be sure, most of
it was barren country. But certain
slopes showed green in the sheltered
22

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

places where the sage was not too thick.
And certain threadlike gulches were ;-lso
green with woods. And farther up in
Spook Hills he could see that there was
timber worthy the name. And there
was so much of it! For one lone cattle-
man and two lone sheep owners to quar-
rel over this big feeding ground looked
foolish.

  That day they did not hunt snakes.
They rode to the brink of a deep, fear-
some-looking canon, and Vida stopped
and stared long all up and down it, look-
ing for caves, she said. She did not
seem to care enough about them, how-
ever, to go down and explore the rocky
walls. She was held fast in the net of
circumstances and environment that
day, and her mind ran upon the every-
day sordidness of her life. She had
sent to Pocatello by one of their herd-
ers for a pair of shoes, and they didn’t
fit. She wondered how she was going
to manage and exchange—there being
no prospect of her getting to tow'n her-
self for goodness knows when. Mean-
time, she had to wear her best shoes for
every day, which evidently worried her
thrifty little soul.

  Shelton tried to talk of his home and
the things he had seen and done, but
Vida kept harking back to the petty de-
tails of her own life. The other day
she had listened hungrily to his patter-
ings; Shelton coidd not understand why
she should seem so different, so utterly
commonplace, to-day. Shelton, you see,
had never confronted any of the big
problems of life—particularly the big
economic problem.

  They turned up the canon, skirting
it to the very foot of one of the steeper
hills. Shelton was beginning to think
of starting home from very boredom—
only the Sunbeam Ranch, with its sun-
baked area of sand and its little, squalid
cabins and no human being on the place,
unless Burney wrere home, spelled a
boredom more complete than this.

  “This hill’s full of caves,” Vida in-

formed him apathetically, pointing a
grimy hand to a rugged slope. “I used
to be aroiuid here seven or eight years
ago—before Goliath had anything to do
with the Sunbeam, or poppy went into
sheep. Poppy used to be a prospector,
and he prospected all through these
hills. It was a claim he sold that put
him in the sheep business in the first
place. One summer I come with him
—the summer after mother died. I
could show you all kinds of caves and
places, around here.”

  “Why don’t you ?” Shelton smiled
to make the question more especially
adapted to a girl. “Maybe we could
land that spook the boys claim is in
these hills. Come on—let’s do some
exploring!”

   “I don’t feel like it; and we’d need
 candles, anyway. Some day we can
 bring some, and Pll take you through
 the biggest ones—if I can find them
 again. Pve got to go pretty quick;
 Pm baking bread to-day.”

   “Oli, stay and help me hunt spooks!”
 pleaded Shelton, suddenly realizing that
 he hated to have her ride off and leave
 him. “Honest, there’s a ghost. Spooky
 saw it, and Spider, and so did Jim. It
 follows folks at dusk—but maybe we
 could rout it out in daytime if we try
 real hard—and if you turn back and try
 to run it down, it gives a horrible
 screech and disappears into the bowels
 of the earth Come on. Let’s you and
 me go spook-hunting!” In his eager-
 ness to persuade her, his tone might al-
 most have been called loverlike.

   Vida settled her disreputable old
hat more firmly on her head because of
the wind that had risen, and looked at

v	7

him unmoved. “What makes you act
so silly?” she inquired. “You smiled
at me then just the way one of our
herders does when he gets about half
shot. He always comes around and
tries to propose, when he gets about so
full, and poppy has to chase him off.
The last time, I set old Whimper on
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

23

him.” She turned away to study the
bold wall of rocks opposite. “There’s
lions in these hills—panthers, maybe
you’d call ’em—and now and then a
black bear; and all kinds of lynx and
bobcats and coyotes and things. But
there ain’t any spooks—I guess it
wouldn’t take more’n a bobcat to put
you Sunbeamers on the run, though!

I s’pose maybe they seen a coyote and
thought it was a spook.”

  “After that,” sighed Shelton, with
exaggerated reproach. “I shall have to
leave thee. Farewell, heartless one,
until we meet under more auspicious
skies.”

  “There ain’t anything the matter with
this sky,” said Vida. “I wish to good-
ness you would go, if you’ve got to be
silly. I don’t see what’s got into you.
You was sensible enough the other
time,” The worst of it was, she meant
just what she said; you could not look
into her eyes and doubt that.

  Shelton considered himself offended,
and he turned away and rode back down
the canon wall, with no more adieu than
the perfunctory lifting of his hat.

  “I’ll be up here somewhere day after
to-morrow,” she called after him when
he had ridden fifty yards or so.

  “I won’t,” he retorted, and rode on.
After a while he began to wonder if she
had heard him. At first he wished that
he had spoken louder; later on he was
sorry that he spoke so loud.

  He found a place where the canon
looked crossable, and rode down into it.
Then, the opposite side that had looked
almost as if it had a crude trail zigzag-
ging up to the top, showed him a ledge
at the bottom that even he knew bet-
ter than ask Dutch to climb. The way
down the canon wras blocked by what
must have been a waterfall in the wet
times, but was now a sheer jump-off
ten feet high. He did not ask Dutch
to go down that, either; Shelton was
learning a few of the limitations of
horses. Perforce, then, he went up the

canon toward the hills—though he dis-
liked that route because Vida might see
him from the top and think he was
hanging around in her vicinity.

  The canon widened until there was a
grassy bottom, with a little creek that
kept the place green. Then it narrowed
abruptly, with black ledges leaning for-
ward, as if they wanted to see how tar
they could tilt without losing their bal-
ance. It got so gloomy dark down
there at last that Shelton looked at his
watch to see if it were nearly night.
He was not riding now, but plodding
along afoot with Dutch following pa-
tiently after; and the way in which
Dutch negotiated the scattered rocks
and deep little washouts proved him
the best of his kind.

  The canon walls drew in to hold close
a huge thicket of chokecherries, serv-
ice-berry bushes, and buckbrush, min-
gled in one glorious tangle. Shelton
tried to go through it—he was the kind
of persistent idiot that would try any-
thing—and after a few attempts gave it
up and started around. The ground
was soft and black and rich looking
where he skirted the thicket, and some-
where near he heard water gurgling like
a newly awrakened baby talking to its
fists. The sound reminded him that he
was thirsty.

  He left Dutch standing with dropped
reins and went forward, parting the
branches before him with both-hands to
make easy passing. In a minute he
came to a tiny stream, evidently fed by
a hidden spring, bordered with mint and
dainty little grass flowers and shaded
deep with the thicket. He felt the thrill
of discovery. He was sure that Vida
did not know of this cold little brook,
else she would surely have spoken of
it. She had looked into the canon and
had not mentioned that there was water
down there. Probably no white man
had ever drunk from it before, he
thought exultingly as he knelt down on
the vivid green margin so sharply con-
24

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

trasting with the black barrenness all
around.

   He leaned far over to drink, and then
drew back, staring at something in the
soft, black soil at the very edge. A huge
imprint in the ooze; a track so fresh that
even Shelton, new to the ways of the
wild though he was, could not fail to
see that it was but minutes old—per-
haps seconds, even. He sat back on his
heels and looked at it, puzzling over
the manner of beast that could have
made it. Almost human it was, and
huge—big as the great tracks Burney
made when he walked abroad—and yet
not human.

   Little, trampled blades of grass were
rising slowly along the edges to show
how lately the thing had passed that
way. Like the print of a great, bare
foot it was, except that the toes were
not the toeprints of a man; nor was
the track shaped just like a man’s foot.
Shelton studied it curiously. Even
while he stared at it the water pushed
the mud back, smoothing out little de-
tails and making the whole a big, long,
formless depression in the ooze. Look-
ing at it so, Shelton would have called
it a man’s track and let it go at that.
But it was not a man’s track; he was
sure of that.

  “Must have been a bear,” he told
himself at last, and bent over again and
got his drink. “She said there were
bears in the hills—but say, he must be
a whopper, to make a track the size
of that! Too bad the beggar got off
without me seeing it.”

  He got out his gun and examined it.
Pretty small caliber to go hunting the
bear that made that track—but Shelton
did want to kill a bear, now that he
knew there was one about. It would
be something to write home to the
folks; and a bearskin rug that he had
killed himself—say! That would be
simply great!

  Foolhardily he searched beyond the
brook, though the tangle was thick and

exceedingly favorable to an ambush.
He was not scared—he did not know
enough of the danger to be scared; he
was anxious and elated and filled with
the eager expectancy of the novice. He
beat about in the bushes and then came
crashing out into the open near the
northern wall of the canon; and he
stood baffled and disappointed before
the emptiness.

  Surely the creature could not have
climbed that sheer wall—and yet Shel-
ton had a hazy notion that bears did
climb trees and things. He was staring
up at it and wondering what possible
route the beast could have taken—since
it did not seem to be anywhere in the
canon—when he noticed the gorgeous
purple and crimson of the sky. Sunset
so soon? It is astonishing how the
hours slide past when one is wholly
given up to that primitive emotion, the
lust of the chase.

  He must start back to the ranch,
though he hated the idea of leaving that
bear alive. Still he could not hunt a
bear in the dark, and he could get lost
very easily, and worry the life out of
the fellows at the Sunbeam. He went
back to where Dutch was waiting impa-
tiently with twitching ears and uneasy
tramplings; mounted awkwardly, and
started back down the canon. In the
narrowest places the gloom of night was
already filling the gorge almost to the
brim, and Dutch stepped out briskly
wherever the footing was passable.

  And then a strange sensation seized
Shelton C. Sherman. He looked back
without quite knowing why he did so.
The canon yawned stark and empty be-
hind him. Presently he turned again
and looked, vaguely expectant. There
was nothing. Then it came definitely,
the feeling that he was being followed.
He stopped Dutch still and waited,
watching the gorge behind him. There
was no sign of any living thing save
himself and a belated bird that flew
chirping up to the lighter slopes.
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

25

  Shelton was not frightened, as the
word is commonly understood. He was
puzzled, and he felt an eerie prickling of
the flesh as the darkness advanced and
muffled the farther steps. But mainly
he was chagrined because he could not
see to shoot—even supposing there was
something to shoot at. He thought it
would make great stuff to write home
to the folks, and he kept all his senses
alert for fresh incidents or adventures.
On the whole, he rather enjoyed the
sensations he got out of it.

  Once he heard a rock rattle down and
bump somewhere—and the sound was
so close behind him that he pulled his
six-shooter from its scabbard and
turned for a shot at the bear, or what-
ever it was. But Dutch was pulling
hard on the reins and stepping along
much faster than was wise, and w'ould
not wait till the thing overtook them.

  It was Dutch that found the trail up
the canonside, where they had come
down. He toiled up through rocks and
stunted bushes, stopping when he must
to get a breath or two, and listening al-
ways for something behind, something
that followed them still. Shelton could
feel the quivering of the horse’s flesh
beneath him, aqd it dawned on him
that old Dutch was scared, and that he
was climbing the hill faster than he
ought to climb if he expected to have
any wind left when he reached the top,
and that he supposed he really ought to
ge off and walk. It was a shame, when
you think of it, to make good old Dutch
carry a great hulk like him up that bluff.
Shelton dismounted then, and went
ahead.

  He wondered if he really felt more
comfortable in his mind when Dutch
was between him and the bear—or
whatever it was. To test his own feel-
ing about the matter, he looped the reins
up awkwardly around the saddle horn
and let Dutch take the lead for a few
rods; but he kept looking back, and he

soon decided that Dutch really ought to
be led.

  At the top he tried to persuade him-
self that his imagination was playing
tricks with him; that there was nothing
behind him save the bleak, dark hills
and the usual night prowlers abroad on
business that concerned him not at all.
But there was Dutch, hurrying along
with his eyes rolled to watch the trail
behind; that did not look like imagina-
tion, did it?

  Before he had gone a quarter of a
mile, Shelton was clinging to the saddle
horn while the horse galloped unevenly
over the rough ground. It takes a rider
with some experience to sit easily in
the saddle and ride headlong through
the sagebrush country, with a jump
here, a quick swerve there, and a longer
stride to bridge a cut or avoid one of
those bugbears of the range, gopher and
badger holes. Shelton had all that to
contend with, and he had also the nat-
ural roughness of Dutch’s gait. So he
hung onto the horn and bounded, and
more than once was saved from falling
by his long legs that instinctively
clinched the horse’s belly when he
jumped sidewise.

  Ordinarily the mere feat of riding at
a fast gallop was enough to occupy all
of Shelton’s attention. To-night, how-
ever, the weird feeling that he was being
followed persisted ; increased, even.

  Shelton, before he reached the brow of
the hill, beneath which winked the wel-
come lights of the Sunbeam cabins,
came as near to being scared as ever he
had been in his twenty years of heedless
existence. He was riding with his head
over his shoulder and his eyes strained
into the darkness behind him, the last
few miles. For all that, he had not
seen anything that need agitate him or
goad his imagination into delusions.
He would have called it a whim—but
there was Dutch, also looking back, and
traveling with an unprecedented amount
of ambition. Once or twice, from the
26

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

way Dutch acted, Shelton felt certain
that Dutch saw it—whatever it was.

  Then, as he dipped over the brow of
the bluff, and rode down the trail into
the shut-in valley already grown fa-
miliar, he heaved a sudden sigh of relief
and went on at peace. Whatever it was,
the thing was gone; at least he no longer
felt its presence, and Dutch settled
down to his habitual shamble and went
ort to the stables as though nothing had
ever disturbed his equanimity,

CHAPTER VI.

  "Say, fellows, how big is a bear that
makes a track that long?” Shelton
measured a space with his spread palms
and waited for some one to volunteer
the information.

  “ ’Bout as big as a good-sized ele-
phant,” drawled Spider, after a percep-
tible pause, holding a lighted match to
his cigarette.

  “No, but really f You know, I ran
across a fresh bear track that was that
long. I couldn’t find the bear, though.
It was in a deep thicket of all kinds of
trees and bushes, and I hunted all
around—but I never got a glimpse of
it. It’s strange, too. The track was per-
fectly fresh—just made, in fact-”

 “How d’yuh know ?” Spooky de-
manded, looking up.

  “Why, it was right in the edge of a
little stream of water, and the water
hadn’t washed any mud into it yet when
I first saw it. And at the heel, the grass
was just beginning to stand up straight
again after being mashed down, I
thought that meant the track was fresh
and-”

  “Purty good, f’r a kid,” Jim observed
dryly, shifting his great wad of tobacco
to the oth^r cheek and grinning openly.

  Shelton spent a few seconds in eying
Jim doubtfully, and then he went on
with his story, and told the whole of it,
even to the conviction that he had been

followed to the edge of the bluff that
bordered the Sunbeam coulee.

  “Shelton She Sherman shays she shaw
a she-bear shelling sea sells on the she-
shore,” Spider commented gravely, with
the little twinkle in his eyes.

  “Aw, say, fellows!” Shelton pro-
tested—for the thing was fresh and
very vivid in his memory. “It’s a fact,
all of it.” He went over the whole
story again, adding minute details which
he had slurred with generalities in the
first telling.

  Spider got up, threw his cigarette stub
into the fire, and turned upon Spooky.
“Say, Spooky, you're to blame for this,”
he accused sternly. “Shep was a nice,
innocent, truthful cuss when he come
here. And your dog-goned, baneful in-
fluence and example has done this!”
He indicated Shelton with his outflung
hand. “You’ve lied to him, and you’ve
lied before him, and you’ve lied behind
his back ever since he come. We can't
blame Shelton She Sherman. He is
more to be pitied than censured. If
Shelton She Sherman shays he shees
she-bears shelling sea sells on the sea-
sore, why, it’s your fault and his mis-
fortune. If possible, we must keep
this from his folks. And if there’s any-
thing we can do to remedy the evil be-
fore it becomes virulent and the whole
outfit gets infectecated, I for one am
ready and willing to do my part. But
if it turns out fatal, the blame rests
upon you, Spooky.”

  Spooky laughed. So did Shelton, for
that matter, and Jim, and Pike. And
Shelton protested so earnestly that he
was telling the truth, that they con-
sented at last to believe that he had
seen a track which may have looked like
a bear’s track, also the possibility that
he had been followed by something.

  “But that wasn’t a bear,” Spooky in-
sisted, with perfect sincerity, “It was
that same spook I felt and seen, and I’ll
bet money on it. You want to keep
away from them hills, Shep. I’ve got
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

27

a hunch that thing is fixin’ to git some-
body. Here’s four of us been follered
now. There ain’t a one of us that
wouldn’t swear to it. Lemme tell you,
Shep, them hills ain’t safe.”

  You know what happened, then, the
very next morning. Shelton C. Sher-
man borrowed Spider’s big forty-five re-
volver and cartridge belt and stuffed it
with cartridges; borrowed Spooky’s
skinning knife, and fastened that in the
belt; put up lunch enough to last him
two meals, dodged Burney and Burney’s
coldly questioning eyes, and rode back
to Spook Hills to hunt for the bear that
made so enormous a track that none of
the boys would believe him when he
told how big it was. Spider had as-
sured him that his six-gun would sure
make it unhealthy for any bear in the
country, providing Shep pumped enough
lead out of it and into the bear. Shel-
ton had also his own thirty-eight, and
he had some skill in shooting—witness
the rattles he took home with him after
that first expedition.

  No one worried much about Shelton’s
personal welfare. They were not the
worrying kind, for one thing, and they
trusted to Dutch and that providence
which is said to watch over children and
fools. I don’t know just how they
tagged Shelton, but they fitted him out
and let him go to hunt his bear, and
they helped him avoid Burney, who so
strongly disapproved of any Spook Hill
trips.

  First, Shelton rode straight to where
he might hope to meet Vida. He
wanted to tell her about the bear; and
he thought perhaps she might like to
join in the hunt, though he doubted the
efficiency of her little twenty-two. He
meant to lend her his own revolver, if
she wanted to come along.

  He met her fair, just as he was top-
ping the high ridge that would give him
a wide outlook in the direction of her
camp. She urged her horse forward,

and her eyes were hard and angry when
she came close.

 “Say, you Sunbeamers are sure
straining yourselves to be neighborly,
ain’t you ?” she demanded truculently,
without replying to his gay greeting.
“I don’t mean you, yourself,” she added,
in the cause of justice, “but it sure
makes me sore at the whole pesky out-
fit. Do you know what Goliath has
done now ?”

  “Nothing but stay at the ranch and
act like a hippopotamus with the tooth-
ache,” Shelton replied cheerfully.
“That’s all I know of his doing.”

  “That ain’t all he’s done,” she re-
torted sharply. “Where was he last
night, for instance?”

  “At home, when I got there—and I
was late getting in. Smoking in front
of the fire till bedtime. Why ?”

  “Because he wasn’t. He was over
killin’ off about two dozen of our sheep,
that’s where he was. It couldn’t have
been anybody but him—the big bully.
He twisted their necks like you’d wring
the neck of a chicken. Uncle Jake was
with that bunch, down there in the foot-
hills behind that butte. He heard the
dogs and went out. but it was dark—
one of the dogs was killed, too,” she
added grimly. “Neck twisted just like
the sheep. And you know who’s the man
that done it. You know there ain't any
ordinary man could wring a sheep’s
neck like they was wrung. And the dog
musta been just grabbed up and
squashed! I seen him this morning,
and his ribs are all mashed and his neck
broke. It was Laddie, and he wasn’t
afraid. Uncle Jake says the other dog
just crep’ under the wagon and whined,

when he seen what it was-”

  “Oh, say, doesn’t that sound more as
if an animal had been around?” Shelton
cut in eagerly. “You know, I went
down in that canon over there, after
I left you, and I saw a bear track. A
whopper of a track, that the boys
wouldn't believe in when I told them
28	the popular magazine

how big it was. Why, it was that long!”
Sheltorj measured the space with his
spread palms again, and again he saw
frank disbelief in the eyes that looked
at him. “Honest,” he added, when he
saw how she doubted.

  “But Uncle Jake did see a little bit,
just as he was leaving,” Vida said posi-
tively. “He seen him go over a little
rise, and he was big—Uncle Jake would
swear it was Goliath. A bear don’t go
on its hind legs-”

  “It might—if it was carrying some-
thing. Don’t you suppose it would
carry a sheep away with it? I’ve read
about them doing those things, and they
go on their hind feet at such times.”
Shelton leaned toward her, and his
cheeks were pink, like a girl’s with ear-
nestness. “I’m positive Burney was not
away from the ranch last night,” he
said, to clinch his argument.

  Finally Vida’s conviction was shaken
a bit. She let her eyes waver from his
face, and she saw then how he was
armed. She pointed to the sagging gun
belt and the weapon that hung at his
hip. “Is that for the bear?” she asked.,
with her first smile.

  “It certainly is—and I brought mine
along for you, if you’ll take a hand in
the hunt. Come on. Say, he must be
a perfect whale of a bear! I’ll_take
you where I saw his track, and maybe
we can find some trail to his den-”

 Vida threw back her head and
laughed musically, but with the unre-
strained laughter of one used to wide
spaces. “Oh, you’re the funniest thing
alive!” she told him afterward. “Do
you want me to be eaten up? Or do vou
think you’re a match for any bear?
What are you driving at? To ask a
lady to go bear-hunting with you, and
take a chance-”

  “Oh, I beg your pardon. It never
occurred to me that perhaps there might
be some risk attached to it,” Shelton
declared, so convincingly in earnest that
she went off into another fit of laugh-

ter. “I wouldn’t want you to be hurt,
and I’m so horribly green at this bear-
hunting that perhaps you woiddn’t be
quite safe with me. Gee! I’d hate to
have anything happen to you.” He was
just as openly sincere in that last state-
ment as he was in the first, but Vida did
not laugh. She only looked at him
queerly. “I think perhaps I’d better go
alone,” he added chivalrously. “It cer-
tainly must be a whale of a bear.”

  “Aren’t you afraid, yourself?” Vida
studied him.

  “Afraid? Why, I never thought of
being afraid. Would a man be afraid
of a bear with a track that long?” For
the third time he measured the space.

  “Oh, get along with you and bring
me his hide, then!” Vida seemed sud-
denly to have decided that he was mak-
ing fun of her. “I’ll trail along on high
ground, where I can kinda keep tab on
you. I don’t believe I want to sweep
out any bear’s den and see if he’s got
sheep bones cached in it, thank you.
But you can if you want to.”

  An hour or more after that, Shelton
dismounted from old Dutch at the little
stream that led down from the upper
canon. He thought he had discovered
another bear track, but he was too igno-
rant to be sure. In a narrow strip of
loose sand which bordered the stream
there was a deep imprint of what looked
very much like a heel; a bare heel, he
thought it, though. A flat rock just
even with the surface of the sand had
received the rest of the foot, and left
no mark to tell exactly what it was.

  Shelton blundered about in that im-
mediate neighborhood for a few min-
utes, and then went on. At the place
in the thicket where he had found the
track, there was nothing save a faint
depression in the mud. And since that
was his only clew to the beast he sought,
he was patently discouraged. He beat
back and forth through the thicket—
not knowing the habits of a bear—and
final^F^-gave up hovering around the
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

29

place where it had been once, but might
never be again. He went down again
to where he had left Dutch, and turned
to ride back whence he had come—at
least, to where he had seen that mark.

  A narrow gorge that he had over-
looked before, thinking it a mere rift in
the piled bowlders, he thought he would
investigate. He was in no hurry to ride
back to the upland and report failure
to Vida, who would laugh at him for a
greenhorn; besides, he had a vague im-
pression that bears were rather fond of
rough places. This was rough enough,
in all conscience; even when he pulled
upon the reins and clucked encourag-
ingly, Dutch did not want to follow him
over some of the worst places. He told
himself that the sagacity and sure-foot-
edness of the range horse has been
greatly overestimated—but if you
should see the places where he coaxed
Dutch to risk his poor old bones, you
would feel a new respect for that sore-
tired animal.

  Presently the gorge widened until it
was possible to ride instead of scramble
over rocks afoot. And then, just as he
was coming into another grassy bot-
tom, he saw before him, faintly defined,
it is true, but unmistakable, the print
of that great foot that still looked
weirdly human to his town-trained e'yes.

  Shelton C. Sherman gave a sup-
pressed whoop and went forward
eagerly, triumphantly even. So little
did he know of the wild that he fully
expected to ride home joyously with the
hide of the biggest bear in all Idaho
rolled neatly behind the cantle. Later
it occurred to him that he should have
measured that track, so that he might
confound Spooky and Spider, chief
doubters at the Sunbeam, with actual
figures—a diagram, perhaps, or a
sketch. But he was too far, up the
canon before he thought of it, so he did
not turn back.

  Shelton went on and on—a mile, he
guessed it afterward, though in rough

 country such as that, distance is diffi-
 cult to estimate correctly. At any rate,
 he eventually came out upon a crude
 amphitheater formed by the converging
 hills. On one side the ascent was al-
 most sheer, with loose sliale that made
 it impossible to climb, even for a bear.
 Shelton was sure of that after he had
 tried to go up, and after Dutch had
 planted both front feet -stiffly before
 him and refused to attempt it even. He
 turned his attention, then, to the left
 wall; for in front of him was a cliff
 straight and smooth and high.

   Here, on the left, were overhang-
 ing ledges bordered with bushes evi-
 dently watered from some hidden
 spring. Shelton surveyed the prospect
 from a little distance, saw deep shadow
 under one ledge -where should be sun-
 light, and rode over there. It was the
 first place he had seen that looked as if
 _ it might be the den of a bear.

    It really did look like a cave of some
 sort, even when he came close. Though
 he stood within fifty yards of the spot,
 and though the sun shone hotly upon
 that side of the canon, beneath that
 jagged., jutting ledge was black shadow.
 Shelton got down, dropped the reins so
 that Dutch would stand, and clambered
 over the loose rocks that had rolled
 down the slope during the centuries
 past.

   He stopped just where the sunlight
 stopped also, and stared at the wide
 mouth that yawned at him blackly. He
 could look into it for a little way, and
 see how rough were the walls, with lit-
 tle excrescences of what he took to be
 stalactites clinging like barnacles to the
 rock. The floor, once it left the outer
 edge, was moist sand. Shelton looked
 down at it, and saw tracks—a good
 many of them. Some of them were
 long and uncannily human, and yet not
 human—the tracks of the bear; and
 there were tracks also of a man’s boots
 —big boots, that could belong to no one
 save Burney, of the Sunbeam. Shel-
30

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

 ton’s jaw dropped a little when he saw
 those, and he stared and stared before
 he ever thought of going on.

  Finally he turned his head and looked
back, blinking from gazing long upon
the blackness. Dutch stood where he
had been left, his ears flopping lazily
in the sunlight, the rest of him hidden
by the steep declivity up which his rider
had climbed. In the open beyond Dutch
a hawk was circling slowly with head
dropped forward, watching for unwary
gophers, perhaps. It was all very quiet
and very reassuring—and Shelton,
whether he realized it or not, at that '
moment needed something stolidly mat-
ter-of-fact to steady his reeling fancies.

  For Burney was at home, he felt cer-
tain. And yet these tracks looked fresh
■—as fresh as the track he had seen in
the edge of the little stream. And those
other tracks, the huge impression of feet
not quite human, they were fresh also;
or so he believed, being ignorant of the
fact that in moist sand that is sheltered
from the weather a track will remain
fresh looking for a long while.

  He had come prepared to explore a
cave if he found one; that is, he had
purloined a candle end that he found in
the bunk house, and he had matches.
He pulled the bit of candle from his
pocket, lighted it, and went into the
dark, like the foolhardy fellow he was.
He did show a little caution, I must
confess; for he carried the light in his
left hand, and in his right he held, tight-
gripped, the big forty-five six-shooter
Spider had loaned him. Afraid? No,
but tingling with excitement, his senses
atiptoe with enthusiasm for the adven-
ture.

  He stooped a little at first, and even
then his hat crown scraped upon the
rough-rock ceiling. He thought that
Burney, if he really did come in here,
must have bent almost double. Just a
long tunnel straight into the hill, it
seemed; an ancient, subterranean outlet
for water or lava or something, he did

not quite know what. When he held
the light down, he still saw the tracks
of the beast and of the man; he did not
see any coming out, which did not occur
to him as being significant until he had
proceeded two hundred feet or so.
Then he took a fresh grip on the re-
volver and went more cautiously. He
was not afraid of Burney—though he
knew that he had left Burney at the
ranch, and therefore could not imagine
him as being inside the cave. But the
beast—well, he thought it wise to be
ready, because a bear of such size might
be a pretty nifty proposition if a man
failed to kill him with the first shot or
two.

 So he went on and on. Once or
twice his candle failed to reach the rock
wall upon one side or the other, and he
began to wonder if there might not be
branches running in other directions.
That made him more cautious still,
though it could not dampen his enthu-
siasm or dull his eager expectancy. He
tried to keep always going where the
tracks led, which became somewhat dif-
ficult, since the floor varied its moist
sand covering with a shale rock that left
no mark. Still he kept on going.

  Finally the tunnel forked, plainly and
unmistakably. He could stand before
a wedge of sweating rock and look
down both fearsome passages, and he
hesitated there, flaring the light into one
tunnel and then into the other, looking
eagerly for some sign of his quarry.

  And then, while he stood there unde-
cided, the skin began to creep and
prickle at the back of his neck—where
the hair of our cave-dwelling ancestors
used to rise, perhaps, at the first warn-
ing of danger. Shelton did not quite
know what ailed him, for the sensation
was absolutely new to him. He glanced
around involuntarily for some hiding
place—and he did not know why.
Something was watching him, out there
in the blackness beyond the farthest
candle gleam. It was like the sense of
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

31

being followed, the night before, except
that this feeling agitated him and
alarmed him. Without reasoning the
thing out, he dodged precipitately into
the left-hand passage, and ran forward
a few steps before he pulled himself
together.

  He stopped then and listened, his eyes
straining into the darkness out of which
he had come. He heard the rapid
thump, thump, thump of his own heart,
and he heard that muffled beating punc-
tuated by the thin sound of water drip-
ping somewhere. That was all. The
rest was dead, impenetrable blackness
like a wall, and silence that was like a
cujjfain hung before that black wall.
And yet-

  Shelton C. Sherman stood backed
against the wall and knew that he was
afraid; and that his fear was a blind,
unreasoning fear, born perhaps of
tricky nerves rebelling against that dark
journey into the middle of a mountain.
He saw the candle flaring and fading
because his hand shook so; he felt his
heart beating faster and faster, until
it almost choked him. And yet-

  The terrible silence was split sud-
denly by a scream. Human, it sounded,
and yet not human, but beastly—hor-
rible. Shelton dropped the candle and
clung to the rock beside him. His
heart, he thought, stopped absolutely.
His very knees buckled under him while
he stood there. And then he heard
something running, somewhere, even
while the cave was playing horribly
with the echoes of that scream. Run-
ning down that other passage with long
leaps, it seemed to him, and the beat of
four padded feet upon the rock floor.
Then it must have struck the sand, be-
cause the sounds became suddenly muf-
fled and scarcely distinguishable. In-
deed, had he not been standing in such
a horribly still place, he probably would
have heard nothing.

  Weak, shaking, scared' so that the
tremor reached the middle of his bones,

Shelton pressed his back against the
uneven wall behind him and waited;
and listened; and glared into the black-
ness, half expecting to see some terrify-
ing thing take shape before him. He
wanted light—and he was afraid to
stoop and grope for the candle, afraid
to light a match and look for it, afraid
to move. There was a quick, suffocat-
ing beat, beat, beat in his throat. There
was a heavy pounding in his chest, and
in his brain was a numbness so that he
could not think of anything very clearly.
He only knew that he was scared—in
mortal, agonizing terror.

  Shelton said afterward that it took
him at least an hour to pull himself to-
gether so that he had the nerve to find
his stub of candle and light it. But
he did find it, and he lighted it, with
furtive glances behind him when the
blaze flamed up and drove the heavy
darkness back so that it did not seem
to be pressing the very life out of him.
Finally he made his way back toward
the entrance—slowly, furtively, with
one side of him scraping the wall so
that he could set his back against it at
the first alarm. Instincts he had in-
herited from the centuries behind him
took the initiative and drove Shelton
toward the light of day.

  He was panting when he came out
into the sunlight, though he had not
run except the last few rods when he
saw the light glimmer ahead of him.
He sat down where the sun shone hotly
upon the yellow soil just out from the
ledge, and thanked God for the bright
light of day. In a minute he remem-
bered Dutch—and Dutch was gone.

  Shelton stood up and searched the
whole canon bottom with his eyes. A
horse could scarcely hide there, unless
he climbed the almost perpendicular
sides so as to get behind the bowlders
that jutted out everywhere. Dutch,
must have gone down the canon, scared
by the thing that came out of the cave.
The thought served to hearten Shelton.
32

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

appreciably. There was no shame in
being afraid of anything that could
scare old Dutch, he told himself. And
there was another point: It could not
have been Burney, then, that came out
of the cave; though Shelton, in spite of
the evidence of the fresh boot tracks,
had not convinced himself that Burney
_was ever in that cave. It was queer—
the whole thing was almighty queer, he
told himself when his pulse became nor-
mal and the fear ceased to cloud his in-
tellect. There were a lot of things
which he would certainly never have be-
lieved if any one had told him about
them; Spider, for instance, or Spooky.
He wished they were both with him
now, so that he could prove a few things
which, on the face of them, seemed in-
credible.

  It occurred to Shelton that the tracks
coming out of the cave would prove
whether it was Burney or the bear—if
it really was a bear, which Shelton was
beginning to doubt. He had never heard
or read of a bear screaming like that.
A panther might, perhaps—but a bear?
It had been a shriek—a half-human
scream that fairly melted one’s bones.
No, after that scream he was beginning
to lose faith in the bear.

  He had forgotten to blow out his
candle, but when he looked at it he saw
that the wind had attended to that for
him. He glanced behind him at the
wide grin of the cave mouth, debated
within himself, and, with a hunch of his
shoulders, felt in his pocket for a match.

CHAPTER VII.

  Shelton lit his candle, shielding its
blaze from the breeze with fingers cred-
itably steady—when you think how ter-
ribly he had been scared. He stood
looking down over the sunlit hollow be-
neath him; his candid blue eyes clouded
with distaste for wrhat he was going to
do. His enthusiasm for caves had left
him completely, yet his doggedness of

purpose impelled him to go back. There
was something. He had seen the tracks,
and he had heard it scream and after-
ward go leaping down the black tunnel.
And there were Burney’s tracks, which
seemed mysterious; and there were
those sheep about which Vida had told
him, dead with their necks twisted in
the most unaccountable manner. He
did not see any connection between this
cave and the dead sheep, save the one
fact of some great beast that could have
done the twisting—perhaps. At any
rate, he had to see what sort of tracks,
save his own, had been left in the sand
with their toes pointed toward the open-
ing. He needn’t go in very far to dis-
cover that much.

  He went in again to where the sand
was moist and smooth save where feet
had pressed into it the imprint of their
passing. He saw his own tracks, the
toes deep printed to prove how fast he
had run, bowred down to avoid the low
roof of the tunnel. He shivered a little
when he remembered poignantly the
stark terror that had driven him for-
ward at the last. Then there were the
tracks of those two—the beast and the
man—going back into the dark. But
save his own there were no tracks com-
ing out. And yet-

  Shelton forced himself to make sure;
forced himself to examine the sand floor
closely, from wall to wall. Twice he
went across the tunnel, holding the can-
dle close to earth, so interested in the
search that he forgot to fear what the
dark might hold even then. It was a
fact. There were tracks going in; his
own, and the tracks of Burney and of
the beast; and there were his own tracks
coming out, with the toes pressed deep.
That was all.

  And yet—something must have come
out, since Dutch was gone; for Dutch
would have stood there dozing in the
sun all day with his reins dropped, had
not something very much out of the or-
dinary brought his horse instincts to the
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

33

front of his long years of range train-
ing. Shelton did not know that, though
he did have great faith in Dutch’s stand-
ing where he was left until one went
and got him. To be sure, some one
might have ridden Dutch off—but there
were no tracks!

  Shelton came out again and stood ir-
resolute in the sunshine. Of course, the
first thing to do was to find Dutch. He
realized that, and set off down the
canon—considerably relieved to be out
again in the familiar world of bright
blue sky and drifting white clouds, and
the grays and browns and blacks of the
surrounding hills. When he had gone
a little distance, he turned and studied
the ledges of that hillside; but he could
not see where the cave had any other
possible opening, and so he went on,
puzzling over the mystery of it. What
the deuce was it that had screamed
like that? What kind of an animal
could run over wet sand and leave not
a trace of passing? What would Bur-
ney be doing in that cave? And then,
who had killed those sheep Vida had
told him about, and the dog that had
been “squashed”?

  He was so engrossed in trying to fit
answers to his own questions that he
wandered into a branch of the canon
that he knew nothing about. Going up,
there had seemed to be no way except
the one he traveled; going down, other
gorges appeared like the knotted fin-
gers of an open hand. Into one of
these he blundered, and thought it
strange because he found no trace of
Dutch, nor the opening into the larger
canon, nor any rock or turn that looked
familiar.

  He went a long way before it even
occurred to him that this might be a
different gorge, and even when he sus-
pected that he was not alarmed. He
had his compass, you see. The Sun-
beam Ranch lay to the west of Spook
Hills, therefore the mere matter of get-
ting home was perfectly simple—to an

CsA

optimistic young fellow who knew noth-
ing much about traveling in such a junk
heap of nature’s left-overs from moun-
tain building.

  He must have traveled for an hour
and more without getting anywhere. He
was beginning to wonder where he
would be apt to strike that first canon
and overtake Dutch, when he saw some-
thing on a rock before him. A heap of
old clothes, it looked like to him, and he
was struck by the oddity of it. He
went on more cautiously, but very curi-
ously. Where were clothes, there
should be people also.

  He was quite close when the heap
moved and a head, muffled in many
grimy folds of some red stuff, swung
round to him. Shelton was astonished
to find the thing alive. He was more
astonished when he discovered the heap
to be not only alive, but a woman. A
squaw, he knew from the samples he
had seen at the railroad stations during
the last few hours of his journey West,
old and seamed and shrunken to match
the hills.

  Shelton went up to her and stood still.
She appeared to be blind, for her lids
were red and gummed almost shut, so
that only the tiniest slits of bleary eyes
could be seen. Still she stared at him
almost as if she saw him. He did not
quite know how to act with a creature
like this, but his natural instincts im-
pelled him to speech.

  “How-de-do ?” he began politely.
“Do you live around here ?”

  She looked at him, and she shook her
head. “No see,” she muttered, and laid
a bony finger to her eyes. “Long time
headache—no see.” Shelton had read
of old crones who muttered and pointed
and spoke prophecies in halting sen-
tences like that. It tickled him to have
stumbled upon one quite up to his ideas
of what they should be like. For this
crone certainly looked the part, and she
muttered worse than he would have be-
lieved possible to the human voice, and
34

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

she spoke with a perceptible pause be-
tween all the words. As to her uttering
prophecies, that he still had to deter-
mine.

  “Blind?” he asked sympathetically,
sitting down upon a near-by rock and
fanning himself with his hat. He was
pretty tired, and it was hot. He looked,
as he sat there, like a young man holi-
daying in the wild, who has stopped to
rest and wait for the fellows to come up
and join him. “Blind?”

  “See—walk—lilly bit. Long time
headache,” she said, with her wizened
palm pressed to her forehead. “What
yo’ name?”

  Shelton told her, and he told her also
that he was from the Sunbeam. “You
know the Sunbeam? You know Mr.
Burney’s ranch?” he asked her, while he
stuffed tobacco into his pipe. His lunch
was tied to the saddle on Dutch—wher-
ever that was.

 “Burney—Aleck-” she muttered,

and stopped, her jaws gumming words

soundlessly. “Aleck-”

“Yes, his name’s Aleck, too—though
I didn’t know any one ever called him
that. You know him? Big man!”
“Big, big man—fadder—big man.
Die long time. I know. I see Aleck—

fadder die. Bear-” she waved her

skinny hand that was like a mummy’s.
“Bear kill. I see. Long time. I his
woman. I see.”

  Shelton held his pipe sagging between
his knees while he stared at her. Of
course, he could only guess at what the
old thing really meant, and she might

be crazy, at that. But still- “You

mean you’re Aleck Burney’s mother?”
he asked her, his incredulity showing
plainly in his voice.

  She shook her head at that, and mut-
tered some Indian words. “No, no—
Aleck—mudder—no,” she denied. “His
woman—Aleck—fadder.”

  Whatever she meant by that, it was
about all that Shelton could get out of
her. Her mind, it seemed to him, was

as clouded as her vision; though it might
be her Indian stolidity or her Indian
taciturnity, or shyness, or any of those
qualities which we tack upon the Indian
nature.

  He talked with her for a few min-
utes longer and got vague answers that
meant to him nothing. For instance,
when he asked her about any great bears
in that country, she muttered Indian
words under her breath until he asked
her again and again, and then she told

him, “Long time big bear kill-” and

that was as much as she spoke intelli-
gibly. Shelton wanted to know if Bur-
ney’s father was killed in these hills, and
she shook her head and pointed an arm •
to the northward.

  “Montana,” she said, quite plainly.
“Long time Aleck—lilly—boy.” Which
seemed definite enough surely, as far as
it went. If she had seen anything of a
bear in this neighborhood, she kept the
fact to herself. Also she seemed not
to know much about caves. “No see,”
she would mutter, and point to her eyes.
Neither could Shelton discover where
she lived, or whether she had any family
to take care of her.

  So presently he left her sitting there
like a bundle of old clothes thrown in a
heap upon a rock, and went on down
the canon.

  Shelton used his compass freely, and
by climbing laboriously over the ridge
to his right, he got at last into the canon
he knew. After that he began looking
for Dutch without any very cheering
prospect of finding him, and he turned
his toes toward the Sunbeam and
plodded up the bluff to the upland
thinking more of his own physical dis-
comfort than of the bear whose hide
he claimed for a rug. He had things
in plenty to write home to the folks,
but he was not caring much about it
just then. He had wasted the day to no
purpose, and it was growing dusky
again, and he was ravenously hungry,
with that hunger which the newcomer
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

35

to the mountain States finds it so hard
to appease.

  And then he began to feel that he
was being watched and followed. He
stopped once behind a rock and waited,
his jaw set to the point of stubbornness,
and his gun leveled upon the way he
had come. He waited for several min-
utes, and went on disgustedly, feeling
that he had no time to fool away if he
meant to get home before midnight.
And when he went on he knewT that
something else went on cautiously,
watchfully, upon his trail.

  Curiously enough, he was not afraid;
he was filled with a baffled anger be-
cause he could neither shake off the
feeling nor catch a glimpse of the thing
that caused it. He felt, as the dark
settled down upon the sageland and left
him even more completely isolated than
he had been with the near company of
the hills, like a child who has been
teased to a sulky petulance. I think
that Shelton must have owned an un-
usual amount of native courage, for
under it all was forming a grim de-
termination to run the thing to earth
in spite of everything. His panic in
the cave he called a fluke, a mere trick
of the nerves, and he may have been
right in that. He intended to go back
and make a thorough search, and he
debated within himself the advisability
of trying to enlist the help of the boys.
He did not believe they were really
afraid of the spook. He did not be-
lieve they were afraid of anything on
earth, when j^ou came right down to
cases—which goes to prove that Shelton
C. Sherman was not, after all, a fool;
he was merely a young cub of a man
who was growing up faster than he or
any one realized, thanks to the rugged
life he was leading that threw him more
or less upon his own resources.

  He dragged his weary bones into the
bunk house just when the boys were
smoking their last, before-bedtime cig-
arettes and wondering what had went

with Shep—I am using their vernacular,
understand, and I realize that it is a
long way from being correct English.

  “Why, hello, Shep,” Spooky greeted
him with a very sincere relief in his
tone whether lie was conscious of it
or not. “We wras just talking about
ketching you up and putting a bell on
yuh. You’re gitting to be such a little

stray lamb-” Spooky saw then that

something was wrong, and he neglected
to finish his sentence while he eyed
Shelton through a haze of smoke.

  Shelton had slumped down upon a
bench as if he did not care whether he
ever moved again or not. His face
was pale under the new coat of sun-
burn, and his eyes were sunken and
had purple shadows beneath, and the
muscles of his cheeks sagged with com-
plete physical exhaustion. Spider
looked, yawned, and stretched his arms
with an ostentatious casualness, and got
up from the bed which he had been
occupying lavishly with sprawled limbs.

  “Better come and lay down, Shep,”
he suggested carelessly. When Shelton
made no move he went over and took
him by the arm as though he was im-
pressing obedience upon a child. “That
bunk’s a whole lot more able and will-
ing to hold you up than that pore little
bench,” he explained, and led the boy
to the bed and pushed him gently down
upon it. He pulled a pillow under
Shelton’s inert head, stooped and lifted
Shelton’s dragging feet, and laid them
comfortably, pulled his own hat down
nearer his eyebrows, and went out as
casually as he had spoke at first.

  He was back before Spooky and Jim
had fairly begun questioning Shelton
as to the cause of his all-in condition,
and he carried the coffeepot and a plate
of beans and bread, while a tin cup
hung by its handle from one finger.

  “Here, Shep, put yourself outside-a
some grub,” he commanded gruffly.
“Coffee’s cold, but it’ll do the biz
just the same—seeing you ain’t froze.”
36

THE ePO<PUL/lcR MAGAZINE

He poured a cup of black, muddy fluid,
and compelled Shelton to rise to an
elbow and drink every drop. Then he
pulled a box close to the bunk, set the
plate upon it within easy reach of Shel-
ton’s apathetic hand, and sat down neg-
ligently upon the other bunk, flicked the
ashes off his cigarette, saw that it was
cold, and fumbled for a match. “Go
on and eat,” he urged lazily. “Then
you can tell us how about it.”

  Shelton ate a little, and he told “how
about it.” And the three listened at-
tentively and without banter, while
Pike snored raucously from a farther
corner of the room. He told of the
cave and of the tracks, and Spider
leaned with an elbow" on either knee
and his feet swinging over the side of
the bunk, and smoked and stared at
the floor while he listened. He told
of his panic of fright and of the scream
and the sound of running in the dark—
and Spooky opened his mouth half an
inch and let it stay so, and forgot to
smoke while he stared at Shelton’s hag-
gard face and listened to the tale. Jim
sat with his arms folded Indian fashion,
and chewed tobacco mechanically, and
glanced now7 and then sidelong at the
other two wThile he listened.

  And so Shelton’s story came down
to the old squaw sitting in a heap on
the rock in the canon and manifesting
such acuteness of hearing while her
vision seemed pitiably blurred—and he
told about her also and what she had
said about Burney’s father.

  “That’s right,” Jim testified stolidly
around his cud. “Burney’s father was
a squaw man up in Montana. He got
clawed up by a bear in the Bitter Root
country when Burney was a kid. I
thought the old woman was dead long
ago. She had a deformed kid by old
man Burney. A feller that prospected
up in the Bitter Root Mountains told
me about it a long time ago. The kid
died; it was half-witted or some darn

thing. I thought the old woman was
dead, too.”

  “Well, she isn’t, it seems; but she’s
pretty wabbly in her mind,” said Shel-
ton, and went on with the story.

  “And say, fellows,” he said earnestly
when he had described his long tramp
home and his belief that he had been
followed, “there’s something behind all
this. I don’t know what, but I’m going
to make it my business to find out.

I don’t believe Burney killed those
sheep——”

  “What sheep?” interjected Spider,
lifting his head for the first time since
Shelton began to talk.

  “Why, Williams’ sheep. Vida told
me. A lot of their sheep were killed
last night, over the other side of that
long ridge of Spook Hills, where her
uncle is camped with a band. And
say, fellows, their necks were wrung,
she said. And she said that one of the
dogs—she called him Laddie—ran out
and was killed also. She said it had
been 'squashed/ so that its ribs were
broken, and its neck twisted like the
sheep. Can you beat that? She thinks
Burney did it. She says he’s the only
one in the country strong enough—and,
of course, that’s true as far as it goes.
But I think it was that bear I saw
the tracks of.”

  “A bear,” Spooky asserted, “wouldn’t
hardly kill sheep like that. He might
come into a band and pack off one
or two, and he might go through a band
just cuffing ’em right an’ left, like that.”
Spooky illustrated with thrashing arms
the cuffing process, “He’d break their
necks, I reckon, if he done that—or cave
in their ribs or something. But it don’t
look natural—him grabbin’ every sheep
separate and wringin’ its neck. That
looks to me more—human.” Spooky
spoke with a certain reluctance and a
certain inquiring look toward Spider.

  “Didn’t anybody see—it—or tracks
or-” Jim stopped to turn his to-
bacco cud.
THE SPOOK HILLS M/STE^RY

37

  “The sheep would tromp out any
tracks,” Spider told him shortly, shift-
ing his position a little without looking
up. There was a certain warped board
in the floor which Spider appeared to
find absorbingly interesting.

  ' “Yeah—that’s right,” assented Jim.

  “Why, Vida said her uncle ran out and
got a glimpse of him going off over a lit-
tle hill, where he—where it came right
against the sky. And”—Shelton uncon-
sciously lowered his voice and glanced
toward the door^—“she says her uncle
would swear it was Burney. She said
a person couldn’t make any mistake in
a man like him. But still”—his head
dropped back wearily on the pillow—“I
stick to the bear theory. A bear would
go off on its hind legs, wouldn’t it,
if it were carrying a sheep?”

  “It might. Probably it would/’
Spooky agreed relievedly. “Yes, come
to think of it, I guess it would.”

  “Well, I say it was that bear, fel-
lows. And I’m going to keep on hunt-
ing till I get him. They think Burnev
did it-”

  “Burney was home last night, wasn’t
he?” Spooky asked aggressively of no
one in particular. “How could it be
him?”

  Spider cocked one eye in the direc-
tion of Spooky, lifted one eyebrow, and
said never a word. How did they know
whether Burney was at home? his look
asked the other. As a matter of fact,
it could be Burney, and each one of
the four knew that it could. More
than that, they knew that it probably
was Burney. Even to Shelton, had he
admitted it, the bear theory seemed a
little far-fetched. Still—it did not seem
quite like Aleck Burney to sneak into
a man’s band and kill sheep by stealth
in that fashion. Burney would fight,
as his men knew well; but always he
had fought in the open, and had seemed
to prefer that the odds should be against
him—if there were odds. The very
bigness of him and strength of him had

always made him slow to take action.
And the Williams sheep had not yet
injured the Sunbeam range; nor had the
Williams men done anything that might
be construed as a beginning of hostil-
ities. True, they were crowding close
—too close to be welcome neighbors—
and Burney had ridden over and told
them so. That much was perfectly log-
ical, understandable—right and just, ac-
cording to range ethics. But to come
that same night and kill sheep under
the very nose of Jake Williams, and to
sneak away afterward in the dark—
that was something at which even the
Sunbeam partisans balked.

  Their talk dwindled after that. Shel-
ton wondered once or twice what could
have become of old Dutch, and Spooky
told him that they would hunt him up
to-morrow. Spider went out and stayed
for a long time. When he returned he
threw his hat down as if it had dis-
pleased him, and had no more than a
grunt for Spooky, who showed a dis-
position to talk.

  Shelton lifted his head and looked
in Spider’s direction for a minute.
“Say, Spider, come over here and let
me whisper in your ear,” he said with
his old, boyish tone. “I’ve got a sweet
little message that nobody but you must
hear. Come on—I promised her.”

  Spider paused in the act of pulling
off a boot, and eyed Shelton crossly,
caught a significant lowering of an eye-
lid, dropped the boot, and went and
bent over Shelton, listening. And Shel-
ton, instead of giving a message, asked
one question. Spider’s light-blue eyes
looked steadily into Shelton’s for a sec-
ond before he answered, and the lurk-
ing little devil in them had changed to
the gleam of steel.

  “Gone!” he whispered, and went back
and took off the other boot.

  There were two in that cabin who
slept little that night, and I think per-
haps Spooky was inclined to lie awake
38

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

and wonder over the mvstery of Spook
Hills.

CHAPTER VIII.

  Vida Williams, hard of eye and lips,
hot from hard riding, and looking ready
to fight the whole Sunbeam outfit, rode
up to the cabin and pulled her right
foot out of the stirrup, ready to dis-
mount. But when she saw Spider and
Shelton coming toward her from the
stable—they having seen her ride by—
she stayed in the saddle and waited
glumly till they came up.

  “Where’s Goliath ?” she demanded
shortly, with never a greeting.

  “In the cabin, I guess. Good morn-
ing, Miss Vida. Will you meet—well,
Spider is all the name I know that be-
longs to him. This is Miss Williams,
Spider.”

  Miss Williams gave Spider a glance
and a nod far from cordial. “I want
to see Goliath—and I want to see him
quick,” she said. “I wish you’d call
him out.”

  Spider went at once to the cabin and
opened the door. “There’s a lady wants
to see you, Burney,” he called within,
and turned back. Shelton was asking
Vida what was the matter, and wouldn’t
she get off her horse and rest a while.
And Vida was giving him short an-
swers that told him nothing except that
her mood was villainous and her time
limited.

  Burney, bending his shoulders for-
ward to save his head a bump, appeared
in the doorway, stared at Vida for a
minute with his little, deep-set, twin-
kling eyes, and came up to her. He
was so big that Vida’s horse was afraid
of him, and when he saw that he
stopped, and came forward more slowly.
When he stood finally within ten feet
of her their eyes were nearly on a
level.

  “You wanted to see me?” he asked
her in his high, falsetto voice.

  “I wanted to ask you what’s your

object in killing off our sheep the way
you’re doing,” Vida stated harshly, not
one whit abashed by the size of him.
“You may have poppy buffaloed, and
Uncle Jake, but you can’t scare me.
And I’ve come over to tell you, Mr.
Goliath, that if you kill another sheep
of ours I’m going to watch my chance
and plant a bullet where it will do the
most good. You ain’t easy to miss, you
know!”

  “I ain't killed any sheep of yours,”
Burney denied, reddening perceptibly
under her angry gaze. “I didn’t know
there’d been any sheep killed. When
was it?”

  “Last night and night before last, and
you needn’t try to make xue believe
you don’t know! Who else could grab
up a sheep and wring its neck and
break its ribs just by squeezing? Night
before last it was Uncle Jake’s band,
and last night it wjas ours—and last
night you killed twenty before I got
out where I could take a shot at you.
In the dark I missed-”

  “It wasn’t me,” Burney told her
again. “I’ve never been near your camp
except the other day—in the morning.
I told your father to keep away from
Piute Hills, Miss Williams. If you’re
sensible you’ll get your father to move
his sheep back the other way. I
can’t-”

  “We ain’t going to move, and you
can’t make us move!” Vida’s voice
sharpened almost to shrewishness.
“Poppy might get scared out—but I
won’t let him move. That’s open range
over there, and we’re going to have our
share. You needn’t think you can hog
all the grass in the country, and you
needn't think you can come sneaking
into our band at night and kill sheep
till you’re tired, and not get some of
your own medicine. I—oh, I wish I
could take you and wrring your neck
just like you done to the sheep!” Tears
of rage were in her voice. “Just be-
cause you’re big as all outdoors, you
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

39

think you can run us out, but you can’t
—you’ve got another think coming. If

you was twice as big-”

  Burney took a step nearer. The
crimson had left his face, so that he
looked actually pale. “Miss Williams,
I never killed your sheep. I don’t want
to have any trouble with your father
unless he drives me to it. I ain’t a
quarrelsome man Avhen I’m left alone.
But I can’t afford to buy your folks
out again—I done that once, and lost
money on the deal. I lost a lot of
money. And I can’t afford to lose no
more. Miss Williams, I’m in debt as
it is. I’ve got to make my cattle puli
me out, or else I’m liable to go under.
And it ain’t fair for your father to
bring in sheep on me. I need the range
for my own stock. I—don’t want to
act mean,about it, Miss Williams, but
—you better talk your father into mov-
ing back-”

  “Sure, I will—not!” Burney’s apolo-
getic manner might astonish the boys,
but it failed altogether to impress Vida.
“We’re in just as bad. a fix as you are
—and there’s three of us to think of,
and only one of you. We’re in debt
ourselves, and we’ve got to make the
sheep pull us out. And we need the
range. You know just as well as I
do that the feed's poor back toward
Pillar Butte. We ain’t going to back
off for you or anybody else. And wre
ain’t going to set down and suck our
thumbs while you kill off our sheep
just to be mean. I said before, and
I’ll say it again—and I want you to
remember it, all of you : If you kill
another single, solitary sheep I’ll take
a shot at you—in daylight, when I can
see where to shoot.” She swung her
horse away from the giant. “So if you
think you're going to make anything
off us that way, go to it. I’m taking
a hand in this killing game myself.
But I ain’t like you; I ain’t going to
sneak up on you after dark; I’ll play
my hand on top of the table. You kill

our sheep, and I’ll kill you—and take
chances on the jury.”

  She looked at Shelton, and then at
Spider, turned her face away, and then
faced them grimly. “You both hear—
I mean it,” she said defiantly to them.
“Maybe it ain’t ladylike, but I can’t help
that; I’ve got to be human first. And
if somebody in our outfit has got to
wrade in and fight, I’d rather it would
be me than poppy or Uncle Jake—I’ll
stand more show in court if it comes
to that.”

 “Making capital out of your
sex?” Shelton reproved mildly. “You
wouldn’t do that, Miss Vida!”

  “Oh—wouldn’t I?” Vida curled her
lip at him in a way to crimple his van-
ity. “Why not? Women never do
get a square deal anyway. You men
don’t show any squeamishness about
making capital of our sex, do you ?
You take every advantage of us that
you can get. So when we know where
to hit your weak points, I believe in
aiming for them. And if it came to
working a bunch of mutts in the jury
box in order to get a square deal, you
can bet your hat I’d work them to a
fare-you-well. Men are the limit, any-
way.” She laughed at him in a way to
redden his whole face. “Look at you,
for instance. You’d like to flirt a little
and make me think you were It, just
because you’re lonesome and Pm the
only girl in the country. You wouldn’t
give a whoop for my feelings, just so
you were amused. Isn’t that straight?
And is it fair? Isn’t that making cap-
ital out of my sex? And Mr. Burney
here—because he’s big and strong and
can lord it over common men—he thinks
I don’t count. Just because I’m a girl
he passes me up as if I didn’t have
any interest in them sheep over there.
Oh, you all—every darned one of you
—think I’m a white chip in the game
—less than a white chip. I’m a girl
—so all I can do is talk! Well—you
40

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

I

go ahead the way you’ve started out,
and see!”

  She sent them a cold, gray glance all
round, antagonistic, with the bitter an-
tagonism of the consciously weak; gave
her head a little, defiant toss, and struck
her horse down the rump with her
quirt. So she rode away from the Sun-
beam, and the three turned and watched
her in dead silence.

  “She’d shoot, all right—believe me!”
Spider commented when she was no
more than a bobbing black object
against the sunlit sage.

  “I never killed their sheep,” Burney
muttered complainingly. “But if they

keep crowding up on my range-”

He turned sullenly, and went back into
the cabin and left the two standing
there in that passive attitude which is
the natural reaction after a high-ten-
sioned incident.

  “Well, come on, Shep. Let’s go out
after Dutch.” Spider turned away to-
ward the stables. “Looks like things
are beginning to tighten.”

  “Shall we take candles?” Shelton
fell into pace beside him, and found
that, the pace required long strides and
swift.

  “Sure, we’ll take candles. Might as
well make a clean sweep, Shep—if you
ain’t scared to go back.”

  “I’d go, whether I’m scared or not,”
Shelton declared firmly. “But I’m not
—as far as I can feel any symptoms—
oh, shucks!” he added impatiently.
“What’s the use of hedging? What do
you think of Vida’s stand? Pretty
nervy for a girl to face Burney that

way, don’t you think? And she-”

  “Yeah—skate a little closer, Shep.
What about them sheep ?”

  Shelton, however, did not care to
skate over that particular bit of ice.
He said he didn’t know, and changed
the subject. Whereat Spider grinned to
himself and then became much occupied
with his own thoughts.

  “Well, right over behind that cut-off
butte is the canon where the cave is.”
Shelton drew7 up on the east side of
a pinnacle and pointed. “We can get

down into the big canon-”

  “Yeah—I know- that big canon. I’ve
been in it. That’s where I was trailing
a lion when—something commenced to
foller me.” Spider cupped his palms
around a match blaze. “Might have
been a link,” he conceded when his cig-
arette was lighted and he had blown
out the match. “These hills is full of
animals a man never sees. I’ve been
thinking maybe it was a link you heard
in the cave or a lion. Didn’t you hap-
pen to notice any round tracks—like a
great big cat? Tracks about that big,
say?” With his bent fingers he in-
closed a circle larger than a cup, just
by way of encouragement.

  “No. But I did see a bear’s track.
And I saw Burney’s tracks, too,” he

added doggedly. “I hate to-”

  “I don’t know why Burney wouldn’t
have as much license to go into a cave
as you had,” Spider cut in dryly..

  “Well, I suppose he has got. But
he don’t want any one to come over
here—and then comes himself. And
then—there are those sheep Vida claims
were killed.”

  “And that’s why,” said Spider calmly,
“I’m going to ride over that way and
take a look. No telling which way
Dutch went, seeing he didn’t come back
to the ranch—and that’s mighty funny,
too. We’re liable to find him over that
way. Darn it,” Spider w;ent on in a
tone of complete bafflement, “there ain’t
one solitary fact that lines up with
any other fact. That’s what gets me.
You saw bear tracks in that cave—
and you heard something scream, you
claim; and only a mountain lion or a
link would make the kinda noise you
say you heard. Vida says Burney killed
their sheep—and Burney ain’t that
kinda man as I know him; and I’ve
worked for him over two years now.
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

41

Burney says he never went near their
camp except one morning—and he was
gone last night somewhere. I got up
about one o’clock and his horse and
saddle was missing, and I went down
again at three and they was there. And
he was gone when I went out just be-
fore we went to bed. And I can’t
figure out any errand that would take
him out all night. And I never knowed
Burney to lie. Gosh! He’s so ungodly
big he don’t have to lie. His say-so
comes pretty near going as she lays.

  “And to pile the agony up still higher,
there’s Dutch. There ain’t no reason
why, if he was scairt off from where
you left him, he wouldn’t come straight
on home—and he never come. Oh,
thunder!” said Spider as a brief way
of summing up his perplexities. “Come
on, Shep. We’ll go take a look at them
dead sheep for a starter; I know about
where old Williams would be camped.
And after that we’ll take a look at the
cave.”

  To, look at the dead sheep was easy.
The Williams camp had moved since
daylight, but when they saw the white-
topped wagon moving in leisurely
fashion up nearer the hills, and farther
away the moving patch of gray which
was the sheep, they swung in on the
trail and followed it back to where
Spider knew was a spring.

  There they found the dead sheep,
lately skinned for their pelts, and left
to fatten the coyotes. Spider forced
his horse close to the fly-blackened car-
casses, and sat there looking down with
frowning brows. Every sheep had its
neck twisted to dislocation, and nearly
every sheep had been squeezed flat—
squashed, Vida had called it. He raised
his head, and studied the low ridges and
correspondingly shallow' gullies of that
vicinity. He scowled down again at
the skinned carcasses. He looked across
at Shep, who was hovering agitatedly
in the immediate background because
of his horse’s distaste for dead sheep,

and he hunched his shoulders and rode
away.

  “Well, what was it—a bear?” Shel-
ton quizzed him after an expectant
silence.

  “Ask the sheep,” suggested Spider,
and added: “They can tell you as
much about it as I can.”

  “But what do you think?” Shelton,
remember, was of the persistent type
of individual.

  “I’m thinkin’ damns, right now,
mostly,” said Spider.

  Shelton did not cover himself with
honor that day. To begin with, he
could not find the canon that ended
in the crude amphitheater where was
the cave. He led Spider into two blind
pockets in the hills, and in each in-
stance he discovered only, after a pro-
longed search, that it was not the right
canon. He persisted in riding with too
loose a rein in spite of Spider’s repeated
warnings and profane instructions, and
the horse shied unexpectedly and vio-
lently and threw Shelton into a patch
of brush, and bolted while Shelton
thrashed around in there trying to get
out. Spider chased the horse a quarter
of a mile over some nasty rocks and
washouts before he caught him and led
him back—and you can judge what his
temper was like after that.

  Being unable to find the canon that
held the cave, Shelton could not find
the gulch in which he had seen the
old squaw. He had scraped the skin
off one forearm in falling, and had hurt
his knee so that he found walking pain-
ful, and he was not enthusiastic over
riding, either. The sun blazed down
upon them more pitilessly than it had
done before that spring—there were
plenty of reasons for the sulky silence
that held the two at last.

  And then, just when they were pick-
ing their way gingerly across a steep
sidehill to where a bare ridge gave
promise of a precarious trail into the
canon they must cross if they would
42

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

reach the Sunbeam without riding an
extra ten miles, Spiders sharp eyes
caught a glimpse of something moving
along the opposite side of the canon.
He pulled up, and stared steadily, shad-
ing his eyes with his hand like the
pictures of Indian chiefs gazing out to
the setting sun.

  When Shelton, looking also and see-
ing far less than did Spider, asked what
it was, Spider told him that Shelton
could search him, and went on in the
same moody silence.

  Shelton waited a minute longer.

  “It looked to me like a bear,” he
volunteered when he overtook Spider.
“Or else maybe it was a cow. Did you
see it go behind those rocks ?”

  Spider grunted, and let Shelton in-
terpret the sound to please himself. It
was not until they descended into the
canon bottom that Spider was surprised
into speech. They came full upon
Dutch, feeding dispiritedly upon the
scanty grass there. Dutch had neither
saddle nor bridle, or anything upon him
save the marks of hard riding and a
twisted rope that hobbled his front feet
so that he must hop if he would move
forward.

  Spider got off his horse and went up
and examined closely the hobble. “Well,

I’ll be-” he began, and, leaving the

sentence unfinished, squatted on his
heels that he might pick the knots loose
and free poor Dutch.

  “Did somebody try to steal him ?”
Shelton was looking on, round-eyed,
from a respectful distance. “Why, that
isn’t rope—what is it?”

  Spider stood up with the thing in
his hands. “Don’t you know what that
is?” he demanded, more humanly than
he had spoken to Shelton for three
hours. “That there is a strip cut from
a fresh sheep pelt, with the wool hacked
off with a knife.”

  Shelton had a gleam of understand-
ing. “He couldn’t get far with his feet
tied together,” he said. “Don’t you

suppose, if we looked all around here,
we might find some tracks?”

  “I expect we might.”

  With that encouragement Shelton
dismounted awkwardly because of his
knee, and went limping back and forth
where the soil gave promise of receiv-
ing and holding tracks. It was Spider
who discovered some trace, and he puz-
zled over the tracks—there were three,
close beside a crumbling washout where
the bank was sandy—much longer than
Shelton, who limped up, thought was
necessary.

  “Oh, say!” he jubilated. “That’s the
bear whose track I saw the other day.

If we could just follow it up-”

  Spider turned and looked at him sar-
castically. “You sure are an observa-
tive cuss,” he commented dryly. “Take
another look at them three tracks. How
high do you figure a bear would have
to be to step as long as that?” He
placed one foot beside the first track
and stepped out with the other toward
the next track. Spider was not a small
man by any means, yet his longest stride
fell short of the second bear track.

  Shelton watched him, and grasped his
meaning. “Then—what the deuce do
you think it is if it isn’t a bear?” he
wanted to know when Spider stood off
looking again at the tracks.

  Spider looked up at him, and hesi-
tated. “Just between you and me and
the gatepost, Shep, I’ll tell yuh what
it is. It’s a man trying to make out
like lie’s a bear. Wearing bear fixin’s
on his feet, I take it,” he explained
•further, “to hide his own tracks—and
making a dern poor stagger at it, if
you ask me !”

  Shelton looked long at Spider, and
then down at the tracks. He followed
Spider’s example. He placed his foot
alongside the first track, and measured
the stride with the other. Shelton, you
know, was six feet two, and at that he
had to step as far as he could reach
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

43

in order to place his foot alongside that
second track. He looked up quickly,

  “Well, there’s only one-”

  Spider stopped him with a gesture
and a look. “Some things is better
off inside your head/’ he told Shelton
bluntly. “We can’t help what we think,
but we needn’t go around shooting off
our faces. Call it a bear track and let
it go at that. ’ I ain’t going to build
up nothing on a few marks in the sand,
and you ain’t.” He glanced moodily
toward Dutch. “We’ve found what we
was hunting. Let’s be drifting toward
home.”

  He stopped first and scraped the edge
of his boot sole carefully over the tracks
until they were quite obliterated. Then
he took his rope and tied an end around
the neck of the browrn horse Shelton
had been riding. “I guess you might as
well ride Dutch back,” he observed.
“You’re a heap safer on him.” And he
changed the saddle quickly, as if he were
in haste to be gone.

  Shelton was studying the mystery
that had enveloped him in the last week
while they rode a mile or so. Then it
had to come out—some of it—in speech.

  “What I can’t see,” he said suddenly,
“is what object he’d have. Aside from
scaring off Williams and his sheep, it
looks—well, childish to go around the

country-”

  “I don’t know,” quelled Spider, “as
you’re expected to see any object in
it. I don’t know as any one is.”

  That did not settle the other, how-
ever. "Well, it doesn’t account for my

being followed-”

  “If you was followed.”

  “Nor that screaming and running in

the cave-”

  “If you didn’t just imagine it.”

  “Oh, say!” Shelton protested. “What

do you think I-”

  “Aw,” cried Spider impatiently,
“can’t you get some kinda gait on that
old skate? And if you don’t-keep your

face shut,” he added unkindly, “you're
liable to get sunstruck on your insides.”

  As you may guess, there was little
conversation between them after that.
Spider seemed to be revolving some in-
tricate puzzle in his mind, and Shelton,
I think, was sulking because of Spider’s
bluntness of speech.

  They came slowly down the hill and
up to the high pole corral beside the
stable. And when they dismounted Bur-
ney himself came out of the corral,
carrying his saddle in one hand.

  “I’ve got to go to Pocatello,” he told
them querulously. “I may not be back
for three or four days. You kinda keep

things moving, Spider-” Then he

seemed to notice Dutch for the first
time. “Oh, you found him,” he said,
with feeble interest. “Where was he
at?”

  “Over in the Spook Hills,” said
Spider distinctly, looking up into Bur-
ney’s little twinkling eyes. “In a gulch,
hobbled with a strip of sheep hide. We
couldn’t find the saddle and bridle.”

  Burney looked down at him sharply
before he turned away toward his own
horse. “Some of them sheep-herders
caught him up, most likely,” he said
carelessly. “Might as well let the sad-
dle go; didn't amount to much—and
we don’t want to have any trouble with
’em if we can help it. Don’t want any
trouble with anybody,” he muttered,
while he saddled hastily. “The girl
thinks I killed their sheep.” He
mounted, and without farewell or fur-
ther orders he rode away, while Spider
stared after him meditatively.

CHAPTER IX.

  Burney had not yet returned from
Pocatello—indeed, he had been gone
not much longer than twenty-four hours
when Vida Williams came riding again
to the Sunbeam; riding a heaving-
flanked, sweat-roughened pony, and
looking harder of lip and eye than be-
44

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

fore. Spooky had just called to the
boys to “Come and get it”—meaning
supper—and he stood now in the cabin
doorway with his hands on his hips,
waiting for them to appear. Then came
Vida, galloping straight down the trail
from the hills and never deigning to
pull up or turn out when she overtook
Shelton and Spider and Jim. The boys
ducked out of her way and came on
in the cloud of dust kicked up by her
pony's flying heels.

  Vida swung down from her horse,
and walked purposefully toward Spooky
in the doorway. Her sunburned braid
of hair was roughened in the wind;
her denim riding skirt was stained with
her pony’s sweat; her face was pale
under the freckles and tan, and her eyes
—well, her eyes held the light of battle.
A six-shooter swung at one slim hip,
and as she neared the cabin she jerked
the gun from its scabbard and held it
hanging at her side. Without any more
definite reason than that one action,
the boys broke into a trot and so came
presently up to her.

  “Where’s Burney?” she asked, more
quietly than one would expect from the
look of hei^though it was the quiet
that spells danger.

  “Burney’s in Pocatello,” Shelton vol-
unteered before Spooky had more than
opened his mouth. “He went yester-
day—early in the afternoon.”

  “You lie!” Vida turned and flung
the words at him as a driver flicks his
lash. Her breath was coming quickly
and unevenly; she was holding herself
to calmness, and it was not easy, as
they could see. “Where is he? You
might as well produce him,” she said,
eying them one after the other with
that cold antagonism which she could
make one feel with a glance.

  She met blank surprise in every pair
of eyes into which she looked, and she
bit her lip and pushed the gun .back
into its scabbard.

  “Well, anyway, he isn’t in Pocatello,”

she asserted defiantly, “because he was
over on the east ridge of Piute Hills
about three hours ago. He—he killed
Uncle Jake!”

 “No! You don’t-”

  “He did I And I’ll kill him on sight
—so help me! He—boys, that man is
a fiend! I—don’t blame you boys—I
don’t believe you had anything to do

with it, or know-”

  Spider took a step nearer. “You're
dead right, Miss Williams,” he told
her with that quiet earnestness which
was Spider’s way sometimes. “If you’d
tell us—we don’t know a thing about
it. We—Burney left for Pocatello yes-
terday.”

  “Well, it was a blind, then, because
this afternoon—I guess it wras early—
and Uncle Jake was herding a band of
ewes and lambs on that long slope from
the big hill, and he was killed”—her
eyes widened with the horror of it—
“just like the sheep have been killed.”
She caught her breath, and went on as
if she were anxious to tell the thing
and be done with it. “He was just
grabbed—from behind, I guess—and—
his neck was twisted—just like the
sheep!”

  Spider leaned and gripped her by the
arm. “Girl, are- you sure of that?”
And his tone was stern.

  “It’s the truth! And Uncle Jake’s
pretty strong himself, and—he didn’t
have a ghost of a show. I—I saw him.
And his head was twisted ’way around
—like that.” She turned her head far
to one side, and Spider shivered and
let go her arm.

  The four of them stared at her in-
credulously. The thing was too mon-
strous for them to grasp all in a minute.

  “Killed!” said Shelton, just above
his breath. “Are you sure? Maybe
he wasn’t dead.”

  Vida turned and eyed him scornfully,
and seemed to think the remark too
puerile for reply.

  “Wasn’t there any sign of a scuffle?”
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

45

asked Spooky. -“Didn’t anybody see
it?”

  “He was out alone, with just the
one dog,” Vida explained, turning to-
ward him. “Poppy and I rode over to
see him—because some more of our
sheep was killed last night, and wre
wanted to see if Uncle Jake had been
bothered and what he thought we better
do about it. Poppy wanted to swear
out a warrant. And—we found him—
like that. He—he wasn’t cold yet.”

  “No, there wasn’t any sign of any-
thing. He just laid there like he’d been
grabbed up and then throwed down
again. It was on a little rocky ridge.
I suppose he was setting on the ridge
where he could see the sheep, and Bur-
ney just crawled up on him from be-
hind. He could easy enough; it’s all
little ridges and washouts there where
the water has gullied out the sidehill.
And Burney-”

  “What makes you keep on saying
Burney?” Spooky asked her somewhat
aggressively. “You want to be kinda
careful about saying——”

  “Who else but Burney could ’a’ done
that?” she countered hotly. “Could you
grab a man the size of Uncle Jake and
twist his neck clear around so you broke
it? And him not able to put up a fight
even? It ain’t easv to do, I should
think.”

  “No,” Spider agreed, “it ain’t easy
to do. At the same time-”

  “And who else would wrant to?” she
demanded. “Uncle Jake never had any
trouble with anybody around here bxit
Burney. And he’s been trying his best
to drive us off ever since we came in
with our sheep. And that ain’t all.”
She stopped and bit her lips again, and
fingered the sagging gun belt. Her
blind rage was cooling with speech and
the unspoken sympathy of these four,
and she seemed almost reluctant to go
on. She was growing more normal—-
more like the Vida Williams whom

Shelton had met out on the high
stretches of the Piute foothills.

  “That ain’t all. I ain’t the killing
kind—but I’d ’a’ killed Burney when
I rode up if I’d seen him. It would
take a lot to make me do that, too. I
—I was putting up a bluff the other
day,” she owned, with a faint flush of
embarrassment. “I was mad, a-course;
and if I’d been a man I’d ’a’ tried to
lick him, I reckon. But this is differ-
ent. I know he killed Uncle Jake. I
didn’t see him, but I seen his tracks.
Down in the gully, right behind where
Uncle Jake was. It’s plain as print—
and there ain’t a man in the country
that’s got feet the size of his. Is
there ?”

  There was no need of her emphatic
question. They all knew there was not.

  “I guess we better ride over,” sug-
gested Spider, after a minute. “If Bur-
ney didn’t go to Pocatello we can easy
find it out; a man like him ain’t going
to be overlooked. And if he done what

you say he done-” Spider stopped

short, and when he continued it was
from a new angle of thought. “I’ve
knowed him a long while,” he said,
“and I’ve never knowed a thing against
him. At the same time you never do
know all that’s in a man.” He turned
toward Spooky' challengingly. “I ain’t
going to back any low-down play like
chokin’ a man to death just because he
owns a bunch-a sheep,” he stated flatly,
“whether it’s Burney or my own
brother.”

  “Same here, Pete,” Jim shifted his
cud to say—diffidently, because of the
girl.

  “Well, come on and eat, seeing’s it’s
ready,” urged Spooky, “and then we’ll
hit the high places to make up. There
ain’t nothing in startin’ out empty. If
they’s tracks,” he said to the girl, “we’ll
foiler ’em up. You better come in and
have something to eat.”

  “I—couldn’t,” she told him, and
looked into the cabin and shuddered.
46

THE cPOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

But she sat upon a box near the door
and drank a cup of hot coffee which
Shelton brought her. “I just can’t go
in,” she apologized to him and Spider,
who had lingered outside. “It’s like the
den of some beast to me. I—I just
keep seeing Uncle Jake—and I can just
see Burney creeping up the ridge be-
hind him.”

  “You want to cut that out,” said
Spider. “You'll get nerves for fair if
you don’t keep your mind off it. I
guess I’ll take my coffee outside, too.”

  Which he did, somewhat to the dis-
gust of Shelton, who felt that Vida
was in his especial charge, in spite of
her pitiless analysis of his motives; per-
haps because of it—for he had cer-
tainly thought a great deal about Vida
since then.

  The sun was low when they rode
away from the Sunbeam. Close-grouped
and silent they climbed the hill and gal-
loped straight away through the sage
and lava rocks toward where Spook
Hills hunched their black shoulders
against the sky. Grim of lip, somber-
eyed they hurried out to look upon
the telltale footprints which branded
their boss a murderer of the foulest
type.

  Spooky and Jim, not having seen the
things which had planted in Spider’s
mind the seeds of distrust, were in-
clined to be incredulous still. They
were going to see for themselves be-
fore they would believe. As to Shel-
ton, he glanced often at Spider in the
hope of meeting his look of under-
standing, and he was plainly puzzled
at Spider’s coldly noncommittal glance.

  They rode with the girl between
them, but they did not talk to her very
much; she did not seem to want them
to talk. Her eyes were frequently
blurred with tears, and her lips were
trembling. For she had lived a lonely
life, with but few persons who .were
more to her than strangers, and al-
though Uncle Jake had been an utterly

commonplace individual, for whom she
felt no definite affection, he was her
uncle, and he had helped to fill her life
—and she had lately looked upon him
dead. So, now that the first shock of
horror had passed and she had sensed
the sympathy of these men who were
logically her enemies, but essentially her
friends, she was feeling the sorrow of
a personal loss.

  “You mustn’t mind if poppy talks
mean,” she said once, when they were
nearing the hills. “He’s awful worked
up over this. He blames the whole Sun-
beam outfit. He said he’d shoot the
first one of you he got sight of—but
he won’t. Poppy—just talks like that.”

  Unconsciously she had revealed
where lay the heaviest weight of re-
sponsibility for the family welfare.
Her own slim shoulders drooped under
their burden. Her tone betrayed the
fact that she was stronger than her
father, who “just talked like that.” She
would have fought, and fought hard,
in defense of their property. Her poppy
talked.

  Spider, sensing it all, turned and
looked at her pityingly. In the dusk
his hand went out and clasped briefly
her arm.

  “Don’t you worry,” he said, so low
that the others could not hear. “I’ll see
you through with this—if nobody else
will.”

  Vida turned her face toward him,
and she did not pull her arm away.
“I know you will,” she told him simply.
“I—don’t feel so alone as I did a few
hours ago.”

  Spider’s fingers slid down her arm
and clasped her hand close, and let it
go. In this wise did he take the oath
of fealty, and none but Vida knew any-
thing about it, not even Shelton, who
was inclined to be watchful of Spider
during the last couple of hours.

  It was dark long before they reached
the gruesome slope where Jake Wil-
liams lay as he had been found. A
THE S<POOK HILLS MYSTERY

47

camp fire blazed up into the dark, and
beside it the figure of a man flared into
distinct outlines and faded into vague
shadows. As they rode closer they saw
him lift his head and listen, looking
their way. He had a rifle, and he
pointed it toward them with a menac-
ing gesture. The firelight must have
blinded him, however; he stood up and
craned, then ducked suddenly back into
the shadows beyond the light of the
flames. A spurt of fire and the sharp
crack of his rifle showed how he had
mentally placed the newcomers, but the
bullet sang its song of flight high over
their heads.

  "Quit that shooting! I’ve just

brought the boys-” Vida kicked

her horse and plunged ahead, where the
firelight touched her and quite envel-
oped her in its golden glow. “Put down
that gun and come in outa the dark!”
she commanded impatiently. “There’s
nothing to be scared of. Has Pete got
back yet?”

  “No.” Her father came slowly for-
ward, his bushy beard quite concealing
any emotion his face might otherwise
have revealed. “Who are these men?”
he challenged.

  “They’re some boys from the Sun-
beam. They came over to do what they
can. They want to look around, and
try and pick up the tracks, but it’s
pretty dark for that, unless we can
make torches do.”

  “I don't want no Sunbeamers prowl-
in’ around my camp. I won’t have it,
neither.” But he stood there passive
while they dismounted. "The Sunbeam
has done about all the damage it needs
to do. I ain’t going to stand fer no
more monkey business now, I can tell
yuh!”

  Vida had dismounted, and she turned
her back upon him as if he were not
speaking. “Over here—a couple of you
bring torches and you can see for your-
selves,” she was saying to the boys
while her father was still speaking.

“And you can see the tracks, too. I
don’t want you to take my word for a
thing. I told poppy not to move him—
we just covered him up is all. We sent
Pete out after the sheriff, you know—•
and the coroner. So be careful about
your own tracks till we get a light.
You can see from one side, I think—
just keep back so things don’t get
mixed all up.”

  She was taking the lead quite natu-
rally-—one suspected that she had been
in the habit of asserting her superior
intelligence in every emergency—but her
voice was harsh with the repression
she had put upon herself. Spider picked
a blazing sage branch from the fire and
moved up alongside her.

  “You needn’t come,” he said. “You
can stay back by the fire.”

  “No, I’m going to see the thing
through,” she told him. “I’ve got to.
I stand for our side; and you—you nat-
urally stand for—the other.”

  Spider knew that she had meant to
say Burney, and could not bring her-
self to mentioning his name.

  She stood back a little when he
stooped and pulled off the dirty square
of canvas that covered the dead man.
She did not retreat, but still she stood
with her face averted a little and her
eyes drooping so that they saw only
the rusty, run-down-at-the-heel boots
of her Uncle Jake, with the deep, hard
creases which time and weather give
to cheap footwear. In a minute she
looked up at the faces of the four, bent
forward while they stared in absolute
silence. The flicker of the torch flames
upon their faces gave that weird Rem-
brandt effect which stirs vague savage
instincts in one’s blood. Their brows
were frowning unconsciously, their
breath sucked in at the horror they
looked upon.

  Spider bent closer, put out a reluc-
tant hand, and felt the crushed bones
in the neck with his finger tips. He
lifted an arm and felt along the ribs.
48

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Then he stood up, drew in his breath
sharply, and backed away. It was
Spooky, looking true to his nickname,
who replaced the grimy canvas.

  “Whereabouts are the tracks?” Spi-
der asked the girl, who gave a great
sigh of sheer nervous reaction and
turned from the still, covered heap.

  “Down here. I’ll show you.” She
took his arm and led him around the
great, flat outcropping of lava rock upon
which her uncle must have been sitting
when surprised from behind. “Let me
take the torch. We want to keep back
ourselves. He came up on these rocks,
I guess. There ain’t any mark till you
get down in the bottom of the gully.”

  She led Spider down the rocky bank,
the other three following. At the bot-
tom she stopped and passed the smol-
dering brand slpwly above the sand, hes-
itated while she looked. back up the
bank to get the line fixed in her mind,
and went forward again.

  Spider caught her hand, and pulled
her back protectively.

  “Let me look!” He took the torch,
whirled it around his head to fan the
blaze, and bent forward, searching.

  He found it, and stopped; the plain
imprint of a boot—long, wide, pressed
deep into the soft soil with the weight
of the man who trod there—Burney’s
boot without a shadow of doubt to
cloud Spider’s certainty. And the toe
was pointed up the bank, toward where
the dead man lay crumpled upon one
side with the bones of his neck crushed
and his head twisted horribly upon his
shoulder. A long stride down the gully
—a long stride for Spider, that is
—was another track to match the first.

  Spider waited until the others had
come up, bent down, and looked upon
the tracks. Then, holding Vida by the
hand, he picked his way slowly down
the gully. Other tracks he found;
tracks leading away from the place—
leading toward the gloomy scars of the
mountain a mile or so away.

  Down the gully across the wider
depression, and part way up the farther
hill they went. There the burning
brands died to charred embers, wink-
ing sullen, red eyes at them. They
stopped, and gave much time to the
making of other torches, while Vida sat
down on the steep slope and waited,
a huddled little figure under the stars;
a lonely little figure who gave no re-
sponse when Shelton tried to lighten
the quest with talk.

  She sat with her elbows upon her
knees and her chin in her cupped palms,
and stared at the Great Dipper tilted
brim up toward the North Star. Be-
hind her a week-old moon slid out from
behind a cloud bank where it had been
hiding and 'stood a moment upon the
highest peak of the mountain before
it dropped down into the shadow world
beyond. In the somber camp across
the ridge a sheep dog barked shrilly.

  Vida lifted her head, thinking the
boys had lighted their torches unknown
to her. She turned, looked up the long
slope silvered briefly by the moon, gave
a little start, and sprang suddenly to
her feet.

  “Spider, look! Oh, there he is—I
saw him on the hill, looking down at
us!”

  Spider dropped the match he had
been nursing between his palms, looked
the way she was pointing a shaking
finger, and leaped forward, running up
the hill. He, too, had seen just for an
instant a huge, dark figure outlined
against the crescent moon.

  At his first move it disappeared, but
he ran on, his six-shooter in its scab-
bard under his hand. Vida ran after
him, panting a little toward the last.
Behind them came Spooky and Jim and
Shelton, who had been slower to start,
and, not having seen the figure, were
more hazy as to their reasons for run-
ning at all.

  At the last Spider and Vida climbed
side by side more slowly, too breathless
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

49

to do more than gasp a word now and
then. And when they finally reached
the top, and stood looking down into
the deep, jagged canon beyond, where
the moon could not send a jingle faint
ray, but only made the shadows blacker
in contrast to the lightened hilltop, they
knew that there was nothing more to
be done. For Burney, running down-
hill with those immense strides of which
he was capable, while they panted la-
boriously up the other side, at that min-
ute could easily be half a mile from
there. And a half mile in such a place
was just as good as a hundred, so far
as their chance of overtaking him was
concerned.

CHAPTER X.

  They went back to camp, looking fre-
quently behind them; fearfully, too, if
the truth were known. They offered
to relieve Williams from his mournful
vigil, and were repulsed with such a
tone of finality that they could not well
insist. So Spider and Shelton convoyed
the girl to her camp wagon and left
her there, while Spooky and Jim went
back to the Sunbeam.

  Spider did not feel like leaving her
altogether alone, he told Shelton when
they had ridden well away from the
wagon. A man who wTould kill as Jake
Williams had been killed, he asserted,
might do any horrific thing. And the
girl had threatened Burney, and had
probably won his enmity even though
he had given no sign of it in their
presence. For that matter, neither had
he given signs of any murderous in-
tent toward the Williams men.

  “I’m going to stick around till morn-
ing, anyway,” said Spider. “And if
he does come back it’ll just about be
a case of shoot first and ask him what
he wants afterward. I believe the man’s
crazy myself.”

  “You believe he did it, then?” Shel-
ton questioned in an awed tone. ‘‘It
C4A

doesn’t seem possible. Burney always
acted-”

  “Maybe it ain’t possible,” Spider re-
torted glumly. “But there’s the dead
man—you seen him yourself, and you
seen how he was killed. And you seen
the tracks leading up the hill behind
him.”

  “Say, those tracks—they won’t be
there to-morrow,” Shelton said impul-
sively. “Spooky scraped them all out
with his foot as he went past, like
you scraped out the tracks over there
where we found old Dutch.”

  “Hunh!” said Spider. “But all the
same, I could swear I seen Burney up
on top of the hill looking down at us.”

  “But if he went to Pocatello, how
could he get back so quickly?” Shel-
ton eased his long legs down in a sandy
spot where they had stopped in plain
sight of the white-topped wagon and
yet far enough away to relieve the girl
from any sense of being watched.

  “If he went to Pocatello,” Spider re-
peated meaningly. “I kinda believe he
did go. But if he did he sure didn’t
stay long. You seen his tracks, didn’t
you? And a man can’t leave his tracks
around where he ain’t been, can he?”
He snuggled down behind a rock, and
made himself a cigarette where the glow
of it could not be seen at the wagon.
“Everything points to Burney,” he went
oh musingly after he had smoked for
a time in silence. “I believe it wras him

done it. At the same time-” He

settled his hat more firmly upon his
head. “At the same, time I’ve got a
hunch he didn’t. There’s something in
this deal that don’t look right to me.
Unless you lied or was crazy, there’s
things that Burney don’t seem to fit
into.”

  “I know it.” Shelton conceded gloom-
ily. “He doesn’t fit into any of it, as
I see it; anything except those tracks.
And it has occurred to me,” he added,
moving closer to the other, “that you or
I or anybody could put on a pair of
50

THE <PO{PULAcR MAGAZINE

Burney’s- boots and make big tracks,
Spider. It would be a clever way of
hiding our own tracks, wouldn’t it?
And if these Williams men had an en-
emy, it would be a pretty smooth way
of shifting suspicion-”

  “It would if he could take as long
steps as Burney,” Spider cut in dryly.
"You couldn’t step in them tracks, Shep
—and you’re taller than the average
man.”

  “A fellow could step that Jar,
by-”

  A scream—a shrill, woman’s scream
—brought them both to their feet, their
hearts thumping wildly. They ran,
leaping long through the sage and rocks.
Shelton stumbled over a root and went
headlong, and Spider went on. With-
out knowing why he did so he shouted
—and in the faint starlight a great dark
form left the wagon and went tearing
off along the ridge. Over where the
sheep lay huddled the dogs barked and
barked, with growlings rumbling be-
tween the sharp staccato of their
clamor.

  Spider reached the wagon out of
breath and weak with terror for the
girl. “Vida!” he gasped when he could
lay hand on the wheel. “Vida—for
God sake, girl!”

  From over his head she answered
him, pushing open the narrow door in
the canvas wagontop. “Oh, I—oh, Spi-
der ! He—came!” She crouched in
the doorway, her hand reaching out so
that she could touch Spider’s shoulder
for comfort. “How did you happen
to be here?” she asked breathlessly,
after a minute.

  Spider pulled himself together and
climbed up beside her. “We never
left,” he said. “We was standing
guard. I was afraid maybe—■— What
did he do?”

  Vida shivered. “I was trying to get
to sleep, and I couldn’t. The whole
thing just—haunts me. And then I
heard something outside, and I listened

—and I was so scared I didn’t seem
able to move, not even to reach for
my gun. And then this door was
pushed open, and—I screamed. But he
couldn’t get through it like anybody else
could. He wds too—big. He blocked
the whole doorway. And then you hol-
lered. And he backed out and I heard
him running. “Oh,” she shuddered,
“it*s—horrible! He—might have killed

me like he-”

  “He’s crazy,” Spider muttered.
“Burney wouldn’t hurt anybody in his
right mind.”

  “That don’t help any,” she retorted
sharply. “Oh, he’s—horrible!”

  She broken down then completely.
She sat crouching in the wagon, just
inside the narrow doorway, and sobbed
hysterically, her arms folded upon the
doorsill. Outside, Spider tried to calm
her with a diffident pat now and then
on her heaving shoulders and with
muttered imprecations and sympathy
strangely intermingled.

  It was too dark to get out after the
marauder. In that faint light which
the stars gave it was too dark to see
anything clearly. From where he stood
beside the wagon door, the ridge from
which he had run was a vague blotch
against the horizon. Shelton he did
not see or hear anywhere. At first that
did not mean anything to him; he had
forgotten Shelton in his fear for the
girl and in the reaction from his fright.
When he did remember, he expected
momentarily to see him appear out of
the dark. When he did not come, and
Vida’s sobs had lessened to quiet weep-
ing, Spider called to him. He waited,
called again, and whistled.

  He turned to the girl and laid his
hand on her arm. “Say, Shep was back
there with me,” he told her uneasily.
“We both started running when we
heard you holler, and he ain’t showed
up yet. I guess I better go back and
see what’s wrong. And,” he added
more uneasily, “I guess you better go
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

51

along with me. I don't like to leave
you here.”

  Vida seemed at first not to hear him,
but soon she got up and went back
into the vague interior of the wagon.
In a minute she returned with her hat
and a man’s coat—her father's prob-
ably—which she was buttoning when
she came to the door. In one hand she
held her six-shooter. She let Spider
help her down, and she closed the door
carefully. She was crying still, in a
subdued, tired way that went straight
to the big, soft heart of Spider. He
took her by the arm and led her slowly
back toward the ridge.

  “Yuh don’t want to feel so about it/’
he said bashfully. “A man’s got to go
when his time’s called. And as for you
—why, I reckon we’ll take mighty good
care you don’t get hurt. Anyway, we’ll
round Burney up to-morrow. He can’t
git away. He’s so ungodly big he can't
beat it outa the country and hide any-
wheres in town, no more than an ele-
phant could hide in a cabbage patch.
And if he stays in these hills we’ll git
him.”

  “I know it/’ she assented apologet-
ically. “I ain’t a coward, either. I
could kill him myself if I had a chance.
I—I guess it was just nerves. I don’t
cry very often. If I cried every time
I was unhappy,” she said impatiently,
“I wouldn’t have time for anything else.
But—I did get an awful scare. I—I
thought I was alone, except for the
herder over there with his sheep, and
I knew he wouldn’t hear anything.
They’re bedded down out there on the
flat, where nothing can’t sneak up on
’em so easy after this. So I—I-”

  “I know. I’d oughta told you we
was going to hang around close. But
I was afraid maybe you wouldn’t like
it. I wasn’t so awful much acquainted,
and I didn’t know-”

  At that they came upon Shelton, ly-
ing just as he had fallen, face down
in the sage. With lighted matches

Spider saw what had happened. He
had struck his head on a rock, and he
was stunned; how badly they had no
means of knowing.

  Between them they carried him to the
wagon and got him inside. By the light
of a lantern they bathed and bandaged
the purple lump and laid him out com-
fortably on Vida’s bed. After that they
sat and talked, and waited for the sun,

CHAPTER XI.

  Shelton came to. himself in a little
while, went through the common stages
of mental confusion, and groped his
way back to clear thinking. By sun-
rise he was master of his muscles to
the extent that he insisted upon crawl-
ing out of the wagon and helping Spi-
der look for tracks. But he owned
finally to a roaring headache, and even
admitted that he felt “groggy.” He
was therefore persuaded to stay at the
wagon while Vida and Spider went
forth upon the man trail; vengefully,
determined not to be fooled by any
cunning stratagem; ready to kill, even,
if they were brought face to face with
Burney. They were armed—Spider
with an old shotgun which Vida lent
him and his own forty-five; and Vida
with her revolver and, the little twenty-
two that seemed ridiculously inadequate
in a fight with a giant like Burney. Arid
they were armed also with the fine
courage that had been born of sturdy
pioneer stock and nurtured by the life
each one had lived.

  Tracks they found; the great, tell-
tale footprints of a giant’s boots mark-
ing the length of a giant’s stride.
Spider’s eyes clouded anew when he dis-
covered them in the sandy soil, for he
had liked Burney well—and Burney
was his boss. He had eaten at the
same table with Burney, had slept under
the same tent, had used tobacco from
the same sack with that democratic
freedom which is the true essence of
52

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the Western type. He had watched
over Burney’s cattle; with Burney’s
money he had paid for the clothes he
wore. He was proud of Burney’s im-
mensity of frame, of his tremendous
strength, of his fairness, and the quiet
masterfulness of his manner. Big in
every way he had believed Burney to
be. Too big, certainly, for petty crime
or foul murder; so big that he did not
need to defend himself or his rights
with the weapons of ordinary men.
Burney, in the two or three years that
Spider had known him, never had
owned or carried a gun. He never
hunted animals, for pleasure or profit—
and for men he did not need one. That
was why he killed with his hands—if
he killed at all.

  He went forward grimly enough upon
the trail, did Spider, but he went with
a great bitterness in his Jieart. He
would kill Burney if he came close
enough, but he would sorrow always
over the memory of Burney’s fall.

  The trail wound here and there
through the sage, and there were timeis
when they lost it altogether, but the
general trend of the tracks was toward
the hills—rather, toward the highest,
roughest peak of the hills—so that
Spider, heading for the logical route
into the heart of its deep-scarred canons,
picked up the trail twice after several
minutes of traveling by guess over
rocky ground.

  Vida kept beside him or close be-
hind. She seemed tireless as he, yet
her face was drawn and colorless from
worry and lack of sleep and food; for
the breakfast that she cooked hastily
for the two men she left untouched her-
self, except for a few sips of black
coffee. Spider tried to save her
strength for her, since she seemed to
have no care for herself. But she
would not have it so. If he sat down
to rest after a sharp climb, Vida went
on ahead—which brought Spider some
fearful moments and made him hurry

after her. Once he remonstrated with
her for hurrying too fast; her answer
then was characteristic.

  “When I hear a rattler,” she said, “I
never quit till I find him and kill him.
I’m scared of snakes. And I’m scared
of that great big beast of a Burney—■
and I won’t take a long breath till I
catch him. While he’s free and I don't
know where he is, I’m—I just expect
every minute he’ll sneak up and grab
me.”

  “Not while I can stand on my two
feet,” Spider interjected, repressing a
shiver of horror at the thought. “Only,
I don’t want you going on ahead. And
you’ve got to save yourself, too. We’re
a long ways from camp a-ready. I
wish we’d brought the horses.”

  n‘You don’t either,” she contradicted
flatly. “You knew he’d take to the
hills where we couldn’t ride. Being
afoot, he’d be sure to pick the rough-
est going he could find. And—it looks
like we’re up against it right now.”

  This? because they came to a stand
before a bare cliff which shut off the
small box canon which they had en-
tered at its mouth, led on by two of
the tracks they were following. These
they had found in the loose sand of a
dry channel leading up the canon. The
canon walls had been high, overhang-
ing ledges of rock, unbroken save where
slides had ripped off great sections here
and there and left the spaces unclimba-
ble because of the banks of shale. The
hills were full of such canons, and some-
times they were passable at the head
and gave access either to a higher pla-
teau or to other canons leading on into
the hills. Here, however, the head was
cut straight across with a cliff.

  “Maybe Burney could get up there,”
Spider said dubiously, eying the nar-
row ledge two feet above his highest
reach. “But I can’t, and you can’t.
Unless there’s some other way outa
here we’re done for the present.”

  Vida searched the cliff from wall to
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

53

wall. She stood back and stared up
at the ledge, and puzzled over some
means of getting up. She gave up after
a little, and consented to go back—
at least as far as the canon’s mouth.
Perhaps by following the top of the
canon to its head they might pick up
the trail beyond, they decided.

  They went back, climbed laboriously
up the bluff which became the right
wall of the canon, and went on. The
way was rough—so rough that Spider
began to feel more and more uneasy on
account of Vida. But until they reached
the point where they could look down
the cliff that had halted them in the
canon below she had been deaf to his
arguments. Then she saw how fruit-
less the search was. Like the black
canon they had reached the night be-
fore, they faced the fact that Burney
might be an impassable mile or two
away—absolutely safe from their most
eager pursuit—or he might be hiding
almost within the reach of his long
arm from them.

  Certainly He was safe, so far as their
presence in the hills might be termed
a menace. They rested a while—Spider
taking care that they were not exposed
to any sudden onslaught—and then they
went dispiritedly down to where the
land rolled gently out to the arid plains
where her father’s sheep had foraged
among the sage for the grass which
the winter snows and spring rains had
coaxed into growing there.

  When they could look down over the
slopes to where the dead man lay still
under his canvas covering, Spider’s
sharp eyes saw movement there, the
moving' about of various black objects
he knew to - be men and horses. It
might be fellows whom Spooky and
Jim had brought or sent. It might as
easily be the coroner whom Vida said
one of their herders had gone after.
Whichever it was, they turned that way
ancb hurried down a long, sloping ridge
that would bring them to the camp.

  Well, they came to the gruesome spot,
and they recognized Spooky and Jim
among the group. Spider, after a min-
ute of fast walking, recognized others
also: Bell, the sheriff, and also the cor-
oner, whose name was Walters. And
there were men whom he had prob-
ably brought with, him to make up a
jury. Spider knew most of them, hav-
ing lived in that country for more than
two years.

  But there was one, at sight of whom
Vida gave a suppressed scream and
gripped Spider by the arm: Burney
—huge, quiescent, towering above the
others with the patient inaction of a
great Newfoundland dog in the midst
of a pack of terriers. He was not
handcuffed nor under any apparent re-
straint, and at that Spider wondered.

  Vida hung back, for the first time
afraid to face the situation. But Spi-
der reassured her with a sentence or
two, and she went reluctantly up to the
group and sidled close to her father.

  Spider went straight to the sheriff,
a broad-shouldered, red-faced man with
a bull neck, who stood a little to one
side filling an age-blackened pipe. TJie
sheriff glanced up at him from under
bis black hat brim, nodded a greeting,
and looked sidelong toward the giant.
Spider looked also.

  '“Where did you git Burney?” he
asked in an undertone. And then: “I
should think you’d wrant to chain him
up instead of leaving him loose.”

  The sheriff made two attempts to
Jight a match on his lifted leg, got it
going at last, and cuddled the flame
in his pipe bowL “I didn’t git him,”
he said when he was through. “Burney
got me. The fellow Williams sent in
caught the night train to Pocatello—
I was down there on business. He was
hunting around for me, and Burney
happened to hear about it. So Burney
come and told me about it. We got
the p’tic’lars from the man, and Bur-
ney, he come on up with us. Seems
54

THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

Williams accuses Burney—but you’ve
gotta show me” He jerked his head
backward toward the coroner. “It’s
up to him,” he said. “He’ll likely be
able to place the time of the murder,
but if it was yesterday Burney’s got a
gilt-edged alibi. He was in Pocatello

all day-”

  “Sure?” Spider plucked Bell by the
arm, and drew him farther away.
“Last night,” he stated deliberately,
“Burney came to the wagon where Miss
Williams was and tried to git in. She
saw him at the door and screamed, and
I heard her and run up. Burney beat

it when he heard me running-”

  Bell had been shaking his beefy head
throughout the speech. Now he began
to tap Spider impressively on the chest
with his forefinger. “Burney was with
me last night in Pocatello,” he said.
“We caught the early train to Corona
together. It wasn’t him.”

  “But we saw his tracks,” Spider in-
sisted bewilderedly. “We tracked him
up into the hills. And earlier in the
evening I seen him myself for a min-
ute-”

  “Oh, piffle!” exclaimed the sheriff im-
patiently. “Man, I seen him from nine
o’clock till now.” He put his pipe back
into his mouth, sucked hard on it for
a few breaths, and then grinned wryly.
“They say you’ve got a spook out here
in the hills,” he said. “Maybe that’s
what yuh seen. You sure didn’t see
Burney. They’s a dozen men—yes, a
hundred 1—that’ll swear to that. Bur-
ney ain’t a man that’s easy mistook.”
“No, you’re right. He ain’t,” Spider
agreed, and went away and sat down
on a rock and rested his elbows on his
spread knees and stared hard at the
ground. He wanted to think the thing
out, and he was too bewildered to think.
As he had told Shelton before, not one
single, solitary fact seemed to fit in with
any other fact. “The things you know
for a fact are plumb impossible,” he
muttered to himself while he made him-

  self a smoke. He glanced up at the
stark, frowning hills above them. “I
guess it must be spooks, all right,” he
added. And that was as far toward a
solution as Spider could go.

CHAPTER XII.

  Vida sidled around Burney at a dis-
tance of two rods, and so came up
to Spider, She was shaking with nerv-
ousness, and she was white and full
of wrath.

  “What are those men thinking of?”
she demanded resentfully. “Why don’t
they fix Burney so he can’t git away?
Poppy says he ain’t even under arrest.”
Spider lifted his head. “I know he
ain’t. The thing’s all balled up and
there don’t nobody know where they’re
at. Burney come up from Pocatello
this morning with the sheriff. He was
there yesterday and las’ night. The
sheriff says Burney hunted him up and
come along with him.”

  “But howT could he? He was trying
to git in the wagon last night. I seen
him—and I’d swear to that on a stack
of Bibles ten feet high. How could
he be in Pocatello when he was here?”
“Search me,” said Spider glumly.
“What are they fooling around about,
doing nothing?” Vida sat down beside
him and watched the group as though
they were all her enemies.

  “Gitting ready for the inquest, I
guess. That’s the cor’ner monkeying
around the body now. And all them
other fellows are the jury. You and
me and your dad and the herder’ll have
to testify, I reckon. Maybe they’ll want
Shep, too—but I guess they can git
along without him; there’s Spooky and
Jim—they’ll make out enough.”

  “I wish to goodness they’d get busy,”
said Vida peevishly. “I’ll break loose
and scream if somebody don’t do some-
thing pretty quick. Say, even yet I can’t
realize it. It’s just like a nightmare.
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY
\

I can't make myself believe it’s Uncle
Jake under that tarp-”

  ‘‘You don’t have to. Just slide
through this deal as easy as you can
—if you want my advice. It’s pretty
tough at that. I can’t believe it, either.
I can’t believe Burney would stand
there like that with his hands in his
pockets if he—done it.”

  “Nobody else could do it,” Vida
pointed out insistently. “And it was
done, all right enough.”	f

  The coroner raised himself from
where he had been kneeling, beckoned
to the sheriff, and conferred with him
briefly. Informal though it was, the
inquest that followed had an atmosphere
of grim dignity that served to comfort
Vida and reassure her as nothing else
had done. The law had taken charge
of the matter. She drew a long breath
and lifted her shoulders as if the weight
of responsibility had been a tangible
burden. The sheriff and the coroner
and all those other men—they would
deal with Burney as he Reserved. She
no longer felt that hot desire to shoot
him down into a heap of inert flesh
like her uncle. Though he stood free,
a little apart from the others, with his
pipe in his mouth and his great hands
in his pockets, he was still in the grip
of the law. The sheriff would not let
him get away. He would shoot him
first.

  And then, as the inquest proceeded
and her father testified, and Pete and
Spooky and Spider and Jim, Vida be-
gan to feel a vague discomfort. The
jury went solemnly down into the lit-
tle gully to look at the tracks Burney
had left, and returned a nonplused
group of men. There were tracks
enough, but there were no tracks that
could possibly have been made by Bur-
ney’s feet. Vida could- not understand
that. And then the sheriff was sworn,
just like any common man, and de-
clared that Burney had been in Poca-
tello when the murder was committed.

Vida could not understand that, either.
Her father told of the sheep that had
been killed and of Burney's visit on the
morning when he had ordered them off
the range. But that did not offset the
sheriff’s amazing statement nor the mys-
tery' of the tracks that had disappeared.

  There was a minute or two of whis-
pered consultation and a question which
the foreman asked the coroner concern-
ing the manner of death.

  “I find,” replied the coroner, “that
the deceased undoubtedly came to his
death by having his neck broken by(
twisting. Four ribs were broken also,
evidently by crushing. There are no
bullet wounds—the only other marks
of violence on the body being some
scratches on the scalp behind the ear.
These, I judge, were made by finger
nails, in gripping the head to twist it.”

  Vida shivered. And then came the
most amazing thing of all in her
opinion. The jury whispered, and gave
their verdict. And the verdict was that
her Uncle Jake had met death at the
hands of some person unknown to them
—with Aleck Burney standing there
within twenty feet of them, his great,
murderous hands hidden ui his pockets!

  She sprang to her feet to denounce
them all as cowards and fools and liars.
But when she stood up and had gone

as far as “Oh, you-” things went

black, and the whole scene was blotted
out of existence as far as she was con-
cerned.

  When she came to herself again she
was on her bed in the sheep wagon,
with a wet towel wadded on her fore-
head and trickling water down her neck.
Her father was scorching the bacon out-
side, and the coroner was talking to
him about free wool.

  Vida lay there trying to piece things
together and trying also to muster
enough energy' to call to poppy that
the bacon was burning. But neither
seemed worth any effort, so presently
she went to sleep.
56

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

               '*sv

  When she awoke it was night, and a
cool wind was stirring the sage and
flapping a loose bit of canvas in the
doorway. She did not know where her
father was, but she supposed he was
asleep under the wagon where he made
up his bed always when they were to-
gether. She wondered if they had
buried Uncle Jake—-or would they have
a funeral to-morrow? Not much of a
funeral, with no coffin and no preacher
or anything. How could Burney be
in Pocatello when he was here in the
hills ? How could he make tracks where
he hadn’t been?

  She went to sleep again, and dreamed
that she was tracking Burney and that
the tracks came and went in the sand
without any human aid or explanation.
Then she dreamed that she was in a
blind canon with no way out except
through the mouth where she had en-
tered. She had gone in there looking
for Burney. But her dream shifted, as
dreams have a fashion of doing: Burney
was looking for her, and she was hiding
in there. And she saw him creeping up
the canon, a gigantic figure in the deep
shadows of the high walls. And sud-
denly there was no place to hide. And
Burney was coming closer and closer,
peering this way and that with his little,
deep-set, twinkling eyes. He had not
yet discovered her where she cowered
against the bare wall of the canon, but
he would see her presently. He was
so close that she could hear his foot-
steps crunching-—

  The wagon tilted six inches, upheaved
from below, and woke Vida. She found
herself sitting up on the hard bunk, and
her heart was not beating at all; then
it gave a heavy flop at the base of her
neck. She screamed automatically,
without any conscious volition; shrilly,
without any articulateness.

  The wagon heaved again so that she
clung to the boarded edge of the bunk.
Like a rabbit scared out of its hiding,
she darted suddenly away from the bed

and down the lurching length of the
wagon box to the narrow doorway,
jerked the door open, and looked out.
She knew then what it was she feared.
And she knew that she was afraid for
her father, whose bed was always made
up under the wagon and who slept heav-
ily, as tired, slow-thinking men do sleep
when their lives are spent in the open.
The wagon settled down suddenly on
its four wheels. There was a scurry-
ing rush of some large object—but it
was behind the wagon, where Vida
could not see because of the canvas
top. She did not know where her gun
had been put.

  “Poppy!” she called in a perfect
frenzy of terror. ‘‘Poppy! Where are
you, poppy? Oh, poppy!”

  From behind fhe wagon—out in the
whispering sage, a hoarse scream an-
swered her. Human—and yet not hu-
man—mocking, maniacal, horrible. The
most awful sound that Vida had ever
heard in her life; a squall, a cry—a
shriek she could not find a name for.
Her memory flew back to the tales of
ghosts and demons that an old Scotch
woman had told her years ago. War-
lock—that was it! A warlock, such
as Maggie MacDonald had told about,
that haunted the heath behind the vil-
lage where strange deaths occurred pe-
riodically in the dark of the moon.
When men and women were found
strangled—and none knew how or why.

  Vida crouched down in the wagon
box, back in the shadow where the
moon—a little later in its dip behind the
high peak to-night—could not betray
her to the devil that roamed without.
She had laughed at those old tales of the
warlock—except when she shivered
over the actual telling. But now, to-
night, the thing seemed real—a tangible
menace. She felt its uncanny presence
bounding away over the sage; a horrible
thing; blue, with horns and a long tail;
taking what shape it would; leaving
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

57

what trail it would for men to puzzle
their wits over.

  She hid her face in her circling arms
and shivered. She saw now why it was
that Burney had seemed to be in two
places at once; why it was that Shelton
and Spider and Spooky had felt some
eerie thing following them. They might
have been killed! No one was safe
from a warlock. No one.

  She could not have spent more than
a minute crouching there in the grip of
superstitious fear, but it seemed to her
that she must have cowered in that cor-
ner, against the grub box, at least an
hour. She heard a stir beneath the
wagon, a sound between a grunt and a
groan.

  "Poppy!” she cried again, and lifted
her head. “What was it, poppy? Are
you hurt?” The sound of her own
voice steadied her wonderfully. She
went back, and, in the dim light of the
moon shining faintly on the canvas,
groped with her fingers along a rough
shelf over the bed where she thought
her father might have laid her revolver.
Her hand struck against the cool barrel
of it. She caught it up eagerly and
went hurrying back to the door that was
open and swung slowly back and forth
in the breeze like the pendulum of a
clock almost run down for lack of wind-
ing. She climbed down over the front
of the wagon box—if you are familiar
with sheep wagons, you know that they
are not very convenient as to getting in
and out—and crept between the front
wheels, where her father always put the
head of his bed.

  It was dark there, and the moon had
set a black shadow of the wagon top
down upon the eastern side. Vida
groped with one hand—the other held
her revolver. “Poppy! Why don’t you
answer me ? Where are you ?” she
called sharply.

  The vague outline of his squat figure
detached itself from the shadow of the
wagon, and he stood plainly revealed in

the moonlight. “ ’F I could git a sight
of ’im, I’d shoot ’em down like I would
a ki-oty,” he snarled. “Where be yuh.
Vida? Tore m’ shirt half off’n me,
tryin’ to git his hands on m’ throat! All
saved me was the bigness of him. He
got hung up between the wagon wheels,
and he didn’t know jest how I was
layin’. ’F I’d ’a’ had m’ bed out’n the
open he’d ’a’ killed me, sure. Man like
that’d oughta be hung up by the heels
—over a slow fire! Killin’s too good f’r
’im. D’you hear’m holler, Vida? Tried
to sound like a mount’n lion, so’s to fool
me—but it didn’t work worth a cent.
He can’t fool me! I seen him when he
raised up ’n’ turned tail ’n’ run. I seen
’im plain as day.”

  “And was it—Burney, poppy?” Vida
had crawled back from under the
wagon, and the two stood together just
within the shadow, staring off into the
moonlit, whispering sage which the
breeze moved so that it seemed alive.

  “A-course it was Burney! He can’t
fool me! He got out in the moonlight
f’r a minute, and I seen him, plainer ’n'
what I see you. A-course it was Bur-
ney! He’s a cute one—purtendin’t’ be
in Pocatello, ’n’ at home, ’n’ every-
wheres but where he is. But he can’t
fool me. He ain’t cute enough. He
crawled out ’n’ stood up in the moon-
light. ’F I'd ’a’ had m’ gun in m’ hands,
then I’d ’a’ fixed him! Tried t’ murder
me in m’ sleep! He woulda, too, ’f he
hadn’t ’a’ been so all-fired big he
couldn’t git under the wagon.”

  Away off on the flat, where the sheep
were bedded down in the care of a
herder, a dog barked hysterically, in the
sharp staccato of alarm; yelped once,
and was still. A few mother sheep
blatted, and a man yelled some shrill
command; yelled just once, and did not
yell again. Vida shuddered and clung
to her father.

  “I’ll bet he went over there, among
the sheep,” she whispered terrifiedly.
Then she took a fresh grip on her cour-
58

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

age and her gun, and started to run to-
ward the disturbance. She had forgot-
ten her conviction that a warlock was
abroad working his will upon defense-
less humans.

  “Coine on, poppy!” she called back
at the man, who still hesitated and
grumbled threats in the shadow of the
wagon. “Come on and help me get
him! Big ashe is, a bullet’ll stop him—
come on!”

  “You c’rn. on back here!” cried her
father, with futile authority in his voice,
and stayed where he was. “C’m on
back! You can’t do nothin’ in the dark
that-a-way.”

  “He might be killing Wait Smith!”
Vida flung the sentence back at him
and ran the faster. But her father
stayed by the wagon and shouted com-
mands and imprecations after her as
she ran.

  She topped the last low ridge that
marked the edge of the sage-covered
flat where the sheep had been held for
safety, and stood still for a minute,
panting heavily and trying to see what
was taking place out there where the
band was huddled. The moon silvered
softly the plain. She could see as far
as Pillar Butte, even—a vague, dark
blur against the star-sprinkled purple
which was the sky. Then, quite sud-
denly, the moonlight darkened so that
she could not see ten rods. She turned
to see why, and a streak of vivid yellow
gashed the night through like a flaming
sword.

  A thunderstorm, common enough in
that country, was sweeping up from
the southwest. Already it had swal-
lowed the moon so deeply that Vida,
staring upward, could not even see
where it had gone. And while she stared
with her face turned upward, she heard
a cry down there below her on the plain,
a man’s cry for help. It was not so very
far away, either. She swung instantly
and faced that way, and wished for the

lightning that would cut away the dark-
ness.

  “This way! Come this way!” she
called, as loudly as she could, and with
her thumb pulled back the hammer of
her gun. It was Walt Smith, the tow-
headed Mormon herder. He was run-
ning—she could hear him rustling the
sage bushes that came in his way.

 And then the lightning came—a
bright opening in the clouds like a black
velvet curtain drawn aside suddenly to
give a glimpse of the brilliance behind.
The whole plain was lighted more
clearly than by the moon. And Vida,
standing there with the lightning be-
hind her, saw Walt Smith running to-
ward her like a scurrying rabbit toward
its burrow. Saw behind him the huge
figure of a man who came on with giant
strides, leaping clean over what bushes
came in his way.

  The darkness dropped and made the
night blacker after the glare, so that she
could see nothing. The heavy roll of
thunder beat down whatever cry might
have come from the quarry. But the
lightning came again—and Walt was
close—so close that she could see he had
no hat on, and that his tow hair was
bushy with the wind he faced. And that
giant who came behind—he was close,
too; quite close. In a minute he would
overtake Walt.

  Involuntarily Vida raised her hand
and fired straight at his middle. The
big man swerved sharply, and she fired
again, and yet again. She saw him
whirl and start back—and then it was
black dark again. Walt Smith came
puffing up the slope, and Vida waited
for him. A little contemptuous she
was—a little impatient because men ran
from Burney instead of shooting as she
had done. Walt had a gun—why didn’t
he use it instead of running like a scared
rabbit? Burney would not have come
after him if Walt had used his gun
rather than his legs. She was begin-
ning to understand that Burney was
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

59

afraid of a gun. A gun was the only
thing more powerful, more dangerous,
than he was. He could not fight and
overcome a bullet; he could not catch
it on its singing flight and twist the
neck of it and kill it. Burney was afraid
of a gun. And Vida, once she felt that
it was so, lost all her fear of him.

  So her lips curled in the darkness
while Walt came panting up to where
she stood, and told breathlessly how
Burney had got among the sheep, and
how a dog had run out, and Burney had
killed the dog. How he had shouted
for the other dog, that was off chasing
a coyote from the far side of the band,
and how Burney had then come at him
like a charging elephant.

' “And you didn’t have sense enough
to shoot,” she finished for him coldly.
“You and poppy make me tired! I’ll
bet you dropped your gun when you
started to run.”

  “No, I never!” Walt hastened to
deny. “I kep’ it—but I never had no
chancet to use it. He—-he was cornin’
right at me!’’

CHAPTER XIII.

  Vida made her way in the face of the
freshening wind to where her father
stood guard over the empty sheep wagon
and waited impatiently her return. Be-
hind her tagged Walt Smith, puffing and
pasty-white from the scare he had
gotten.

  “Poppy, either you or Walt will have
to go and stay with the sheep,” she an-
nounced firmly, when she came near
and the lightning split the darkness and
revealed him to her. “Burney killed
one of the dogs—but you needn’t be
scared, either one of you. I put him on
the run, shooting at him. He won’t
bother again to-night—he never has,
after he has been shot at.”

  “He oughta be. killed!” snarled her
father ineffectively. “A man that’ll
murder-”

  “You can suit yourself which one
goes back to the sheep. It’s going to
storm pretty quick—and storm hard,
too. I’ve got to git me something to
eat, and rest up. I’m about done up, as
it is.” She started to climb up into the
wagon, but stopped in the doorway and
turned toward the two. “Where’s the
sheriff at?” she asked. “And what’s he
going to do about Burney?”

  “I ain’t runnin’ the sheriff,” her fa-
ther retorted, with the petulance of the
weak-souled. “How sh’d I know where
he’s at? Went back to town with the
cor’ner, I guess, after we buried Jake,
He couldn’t do nothing about Burney—■
not after the cor’ner’s jury let him off.
Sheriff can’t run a man in without a
warrant,” he explained, in the tone of
weary tolerance for a woman’s igno-
rance which some men love to assume.
“He didn’t have no warrant, Yuh got
to git something on Burney ’fore he c’n
be ’rested.”

  “Yes, and he’d run loose a good long
while before you ever done anything
about it—but talk!” she accused bit-
terly. “ ’N it was your own brother,
too. And your sheep. Walt Smith,
you git back there and look after ’em!
What you gitting paid for? You needn’t
be scared-a Burney. All you gotta do
is shoot if he shows up, and he’ll run.
You seen how quick he headed the other
way when I shot? He won’t show up,
though. He’s halfways home by this
time.”

  She waited until she saw Walt turn
reluctantly and go off toward the sheep.
She upbraided her father again for his
weak passivity that spent precious min-
utes in useless clamor, and told him to
keep watch while she slept. In the
morning, she declared, she meant to get
out after Burney herself, seeing no one
else had the nerve to do it.

  When she had made her feelings and
her intentions perfectly clear to him—
and thereby claimed and clarified her
own mind—she ate hungrily of cold,
60	THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

fried bacon and some very good bread
which she herself had baked, and fin-
ished with a dish of stewed, dried ap-
ples and a cup of cold tea.

  After that she lay down upon her
hard bed, with her six-shooter cuddled
under her pillow and her fingers touch-
ing the cool butt of it, and listened to
the grumbling mutter of the storm and
watched the searing lightning flash in-
termittent glares of light upon her
bowed, canvas roof.

  She fell asleep so. For she was
young and healthy and sturdy of spirit,
and she had seen Burney, the giant,'turn
and run from her and her gun—and she
Had lost her fear of him.

  The rain came suddenly, and pelted
the sageland with great globes of cold
water hurled earthward. Sheets of it,
like a gray wall, with the gashing sword-
thrusts of the lightning and the splitting
crash of thunder—and still she slept.
All her life she had known those ter-
rific thunderstorms of the plains coun-
try, and the shelter of that twelve-ounce
canvas over her head spelled security
to her nerves.

  Her father pottered peevishly about,
piling harness and saddles under the
wagon and lifting his blankets up under
the canvas top. lie muttered queru-
lously to himself at the vileness of fate
and the passionate fury of the storm,
while he spread his bed upon the floor
between the stove and the hinged table,
and, with a grunt, laid himself down at
last for his belated rest. And Vida slept
quietly, heavily, utterly worn out and
gathering strength for what was to
come.

  In the morning came Shelton and Spi-
der to see how she had fared' and to
learn whether they had seen or heard
anything of the murderer of her uncle.
That, at least, was their professed er-
rand; probably they merely made that
an excuse for riding over.

  Spider had been made a deputy be-
fore the sheriff left, so that he might

feel behind him the authority of the
law in ease an emergency rose. The
sheriff, he explained to Vida apologeti-
cally, would have stayed and hunted the
hills over—if he had known who, or
what, he was to search for.

  “He’s plumb up ag’inst a mystery,”
Spider asserted, “and lie ain’t got the
time to turn out and play detective.
Shep and me’s going to try our hands
at that. And if we get anything that
looks like a clew, we’re to let him know.
You see, since Burney’s proved he never

done it-”

  ‘‘That’ll take a' lot more proof than
he's furnished yet,” Vida cut in stub-
bornly. “He tried to kill poppy last
night, but he got hung up trying to get
under the wagon. He tore poppy's shirt,
and then he run. And he went down
to the band and killed a dog, and tried

to kill Walt Smith. But-”

  “How do you know?” Spider moved
closer, and his eyes were sharpened
while he stared into her face. “How
do you know it was Burney?”

  “Because I seen him, and poppy seen
him. I seen him chasing Walt, and I
took a couple of shots at him. He
turned and run then, like a scared rab-
bit.”

  “You’re sure it w;as Burney?” Spi-
der still stared hard at her.

  “Of course I’m sure! Do you think
he's easy to mistake? He wasn’t more'n
fifty yards away when the lightning lit
up everything, and I shot at him. He
was as plain as you are this minute.”
“What time was that? It started in

to lightning about half past ten-”

  “And it was the first bright flash that
showed him up. It was moonlight till
then, and then the storm rolled up in
front of the moon. Poppy seen him by
moonlight—”

  Spider turned and looked inquiringly
at Shelton. “'You know what time Bur-
ney came home,” lie said.

  “Then he was gone last night?” Vida
stood up. quivering for the hunt. Till
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

61

then she may have had a subconscious
doubt of Burney’s guilt in spite of the
evidence of her eyes.

  “He was gone,” stated Shelton mysti-
fiedly,' “but he came back just after the
storm started. Spider and I were going
to follow and see where he went. But
we didn’t miss him till just before the
storm came up, because he’d left a can-
dle burning after we’d all gone to bed.
Spider got up and looked, and the light
was out. And we went down and found
out that his horse was gone—and that
was just when it begun to thunder and
lightning. And we were going to sad-
dle up and come over here, anyway,
when it started to rain like all get-cut.
We were waiting for it to let up a little,
when Burney came back. We saw him
ride down the hill—it was lightning
something fierce by that time—and we
beat it back to the bunk house before
he came up. We didn’t want him to
know we were watching him, you see.”
Shelton had still a purple-and-green
lump on his forehead, but he was other-
wise his old, cheerful self.

  “You don’t know how long he’d been
gone ?” Vida was plainly puzzled. This
might prove another alibi.

  “Not more than an hour or two. Be-
cause I made an excuse to go to the
cabin just about nine o’clock, and Bur-
ney was in bed then, reading a novel by
candlelight. He’d acted pretty gloomy
—didn’t he, Spider?—after we all got
home. Didn’t eat any supper, but sat
and smoked and looked at his toes as if
he were thinking pretty hard about
something. So when I saw him read-
ing in bed, Spider and I kind of made
up our minds that he had settled down
for the night. So we went to bed. We
meant to put in the day looking around,
whether Burney liked it or not. And
then Spider saw the light go out, and
got up to make sure—and Burney was
gone. So-”

  “How about the other fellows?”
Vida was putting bacon sandwiches in

a flour sack with the evident intention
of spending the day in the hills.

  “Oh, they claim that Burney don’t
know a thing about the—killing.
They’re off riding the other way to-
day.” Spider took it upon himself to
explain. “I’m supposed to be, too. I
just pulled out with Shep and never
said a word to anybody. I’m liable to
git my time—but that’ll be all right.
There’s other jobs. I might herd sheep
for a change,” he said, with a twinkle in
his eyes.

  “Well, if you’re going into the hills,
I’m going with you,” Vida announced
decisively. “I ain’t afraid of Burney
any more, and”—she gritted her teeth
over the thought—“I’d just like to have
a hand in rounding him up. I ain’t
afraid of him. I’ve found out that a
gun is bigger than he is—and he knows
it. And I can shoot just as well as
either of you. :SoT’m going.”

  “It’ll be pretty hot,” Spider objected
weakly. “And it’s rough going, too—■
where we’re going.”

  “It won’t be any hotter in the hills
than it will be in this wagon,” Vida ar-
gued. “And I was raised on rough
going.”

  “Well, we'd like to have you with us',
all right”—Spider flushed over the ad-
mission, which to him sounded ex-
tremely significant—“but we ain’t going
after Burney exactly. We don’t know
what we’re going after. That spook,
maybe. Put it any way you like, Miss
Williams, it’s a cinch Burney never
killed your uncle. He couldn’t, when
he was in Pocatello all that day.”

  “The sheriff lied, maybe.” Vida had
a streak of stubbornness that was slow
to yield.

  “No, he never. And there was the
coroner, too. He seen Burney in Poca-
tello, and talked with him, and they was
together. Him and the sheriff was both
down there from Shoshone, and your
herder went there after ’em, ’stead of
waiting at" Corona till they come up.
62

THE cPOcPULflcR MAGAZINE

H^ll tell you himself he seen Burney
in Pocatello. No, we got to look for
some one else that’s hiding out in these
hills.”

  “There’s last night, too,” Shelton
pointed out to her. “How do you sup-
pose Burney could ride twelve or fif-
teen miles in less than an hour?” This
was secondhand wisdom which he had
picked up from Spider’s deductions on
the way over.

  “How could there be another man
the size of Burney in the country and
nobody know it?” Vida came back at
him. “Tracks and everything prove—
and, besides, didn’t I tell you I seen
him ?”

  “At night/’ said Spider patiently.
“Always at night. Why, I could strap
a pair of stilts onto my legs and fix to
look like Burney—at night. Lord!” he
ejaculated. “I believe I’ve fell onto the
answer to the whole blame thing!”

  Vida looked at him with her lips
parted. Inwardly she was seeing how
plausible that solution was, after all.
She herself had gone striding over this
very country on crude, homemade stilts,
just for fun, when she was a child.
Still-

  “How would stilts make a man so—
strong in his hands?” she questioned,
with a catch in her voice over the horror
her words called up.

  “There’s tricks to help a man seem a
whole lot stronger’n what he is,” Spi-
der told her, with something approach-
ing cheerfulness. “There’s somebody
prowling around these hills trying to
git something onto Burney,” he de-
clared boldly. “Why, it’d be a cinch,
the way he’s worked it—only h^ can’t
be in two places at once, and he can’t
watch Burney and do his dirty work all
at the same time. So Burney slips alibis
over on him now and then, and that
kinda spoils his play. Come on, folks!
—we’ll see what we can figure out on
this trail. Anyway. I’ll bet money I’ve
got the answer right here—that it’s just

a common-sized man we want to look
for that hates Burney and wTants to get
him in bad.”

  “But who’d want to?” Vida persisted
in her doubts. “It would take a man
half crazy with hate to think up a
scheme like killing sheep and—folks—
that way, and making big tracks around

over the country-” She brought the

package of sandwiches and gave it to
Spider. “That would take the worst
kind of an enemy to do that.”

  “Well, it don’t take much to start
some men loping along the hate trail,”
Spider asserted confidently.. “Lots of
men hate Burney. He’s so ungodly big
he’s got a cinch in everything but a gun
fight, and he’s kinda queer in his ways,
all right. He don’t mix with folks, and
he don’t try to make friends with no-
body. Sb he ain’t got so awful many.
Well, I’ll go git 3rour pony and we’ll
drift—if you’re bound to come with us.”
“Poppy’s going to be out with the
sheep all day. And that’s where I draw
the line—at sheep-herding. I’ll feel lots
safer with you boys.”

  That, of course, settled any lingering
reluctance to take her with them. She
mounted the pinto pony which Spider
saddled and led up to her, and they rode
toward the hills. There was no en-
couragement to look for tracks, after
that heavy, pelting rain; they loped
along in silence for the most part until
they reached the first real climb and
were compelled to go slowly.

  Vida was studying the mystery from
the new angle which Spider had taken
with his theory. For that matter, so
was Shelton and Spider himself. Spi-
der pulled a foot free of the stirrup,
slid over in the saddle so that he1 was
resting mostly on one thigh for relaxa-
tion, and sifted tobacco into a ciga-
rette paper.

  “Yes, sir, that accounts for pretty
nearly everything,” he said, apropos of
their thoughts. “If we can locate that
cave that Shep went prognosticating
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTE<RY

      \

63

around in, I’ll bet you money we’ll nab
the gentleman that’s been doing all the
mischief. Chances are that’s where he
hangs out. And between you and me,
I’ve got a notion I could name the man.
I won’t, because I ain’t dead sure, and
it’s a nasty proposition, tacking a crime
like that on a fellow till you’re dead
certain he done it. But there’s one fel-
low, and only one, that might frame
up a deal like this and put it through.
He’s strong as a bull, pretty middling
big, and he hates Burney worse’n a
schoolma’am hates a worm down her
back. He’s on the dodge for a killing
he done in Hailey a year ago last win-
ter. It was Burney’s evidence that put
the diamond hitch on him—and he broke
jail and ain’t been seen since. He left
word he’d git Burney and git him
right.1’

  “Would he be afraid of a gun?”
Vida put the question qu^ seriously.

  The twinkling devil showed in Spi-
der’s eyes when he looked at her,

  “My experience is that ’most any man
is afraid of a gun when he ain’t behind
it,” he informed her dryly. “Every-
body knows that Burney never packs
a gun, so he couldn’t very well produce
one and go on acting the part of Bur-
ney—sabe? And he wouldn’t be crazy
about being shot, either. It would be
up to him to drift, unless he wranted to
give the whole deal away.”

  “Is he in this country?” Shelton
studied the hills before them with that
frank curiosity which was almost
childish.

  “If he’s the man, he sure must be in
this country. I don’t hardly think he’s
in South America. Ask another one,
Shep.”

  Shelton flushed, glanced quickly at
Vida, and refrained from asking an-
other question.

  They worked their way up the more
open slopes until they were in the heart
of Spook Hills. All about them the
steeps rose sbeer above canons whose

roughness was hidden beneath the deep
green of pines, mottled along the middle
with the lighter foliage of cottonwoods
that told where flowed the tiny streams
which never reached the desert beyond.

  “It’s a great place to hide out in,”
Spider observed once when they stopped
on a high, bare ridge and gazed out over
the jumble. “And it’s an almighty poor
place to find anybody in. It’s just a
case of ridin’ by guess and by gosh,
and taking a chance on runnin’ acrost
anything.”

  “What about the cave? Aren’t you
going to hunt around there?” Vida
asked him somewhat diffidently. She
might bully Shelton and assert her
wider experience and laugh at his ig-
norance, and she might—and did—or-
der her father about like a hired man;
but with Spider she was all woman, who
recognized man as the leader. Save
when she argued over the guilt of Bur-
ney, her deference to Spider’s mascu-
linity was perfectly noticeable.

  “We are if we can find it. Shep,
he went and lost it out of his pocket
after he got through playin’ with it, and
he ain’t found it again.” Spider was
finding it easy to joke over the matter
now, since he had a theory that left
Burney clear of guilt.

  “I’ll bet I could find it,” Vida de-
clared, quite suddenly. “What kind of
a place was-it, Shep—on the outside?
Did it open out onto a rocky knoll, like
that over there ?” She pointed with her
quirt.

  “No, it didn’t. It was under a ledge
011 the side of a canon. It was down
east of that ridge where I left you that
day—and it went straight back like a
long tunnel, and then there were
branches, after one went in quite a long
way.”

  Vida studied the hills frowningly.
“Lots of caves are like that,” she re-
torted, her eyes smiling across at Spi-
der in a way that Shelton did not find
pleasurable to himself. “I could show
64

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

you a dQzen long tunnels that open
under ledges in canons. The hills are
full of them. Wasn’t there anything
else to remember it by?’'

  Shelton twisted his lips ruefully.
“Several things: I lost old Dutch there,
and had to walk home, for one. And I

met that old Indian squaw that- By

Jove!” He turned to Spider eagerly.
“If we could find her-again, she might
know whether there’s anybody else liv-
ing here in the hills, don't you think?”
“I thought you said she was crazy.”
Spider’s enthusiasm seemed to conserve
itself for his own ideas. “And blind,”

 “Well—yes, she was. But still-”

  “If she’s blind, she couldn’t see him,
and if she’s crazy, we couldn’t depend
on anything she said. So what’s the
use? If you know any caves that might
do for a hang out, Vida, let's take a look
at ’em. I’ve got candles.”

  “I know lots of them. Not on this
side, though.” Vida examined the near-
est bluffs critically. “We’ll have to get
across this ridge first. It's just like
these hills was piled up hot, and before
they got cold they crumpled all down
on one side and left lumps and hollows
all through them. Over on the other
side is where ’most all the caves are.”
That meant a wide detour, because
they were already up so high in the hills
that the canons were not to be crossed
except afoot. Shelton wanted to keep
straight on, but the other two did not
pay much attention to his opinions or
his wishes. After all, he was a tender-
foot, and they two were Western to the
bone; and, say what you wTill, there is
a certain clannishness among rangefolk,
a perfectly natural drawing together of
congenial spirits, even wheft there is no
sex attraction to emphasize the partial-
ity. Shelton felt it and became moody,
and rode by himself quite pointedly,
which did not displease Vida, so far as
one could tell by her manner, and which
visibly elated Spider, who wanted her
to himself, anyway.

  Thus they reached again the lower
country some distance apart, and, in
crossing a series of low ridges, became
separated. Shelton did not mind that
in the least; in fact, he had assisted the
accident by loitering behind a ridge
and in letting Dutch climb at a slant that
would eventually land him in the home
trail. Shelton was sulking as much as
it was in his nature to sulk. He had
been overlooked in the conversation; he
had seen Vida smile at Spider as she
had never smiled at himself, and he had
been laughed at when he offered sug-
gestions which he considered perfectly
good. He had begun to suspect that the
quest of the murderer was, after all, sec-
ondary in importance to their pleasure
in riding through the hills together. A
lot they cared about finding clews, so
long as they could ride side by side and
make eyes at each other, he criticized
sharply. He was out to solve the grue-
some mystery of these hills, and he
could do it a lot easier without those
two along making objections to every-
thing he wanted to do. He saw a spooky-
looking gorge, all jutting ledges and
deep crevices along the sides, off to his
right. He turned deliberately into it
in spite of the fact that it led straight
away from where he had last seen Spi-
der and Vida.

CHAPTER XIV.

  It is not wise for a party to become
separated in the wilderness. Shelton,
born to the easy ways of policed streets
and cars which may be counted upon
to land all wanderers at home in due
time, did not know of that unwritten
law ofr±he wild which commands a man
to keep in touch with his companions.
He went calmly about his own business,
and felt no compunctions whatever over
the separation.

  Spider and Vida, however, knew well
the law of the wild, and did their best
to obey it. They waited on top of the
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

65

ridge, and talked of many things. After
a while they rode back where they could
scan the long, bare slope they had just
climbed; for Shep was green, and there
was no telling what might have hap-
pened. They did not see anything of
him, for the simple reason that he had
crossed the ridge lower down while they
stood talking, hidden from him by a
straggling growth of alders. They went
back to the highest point and waited
there, and watched all the slopes. Spi-
der yelled, with his' cupped hands for a
megaphone, to the four quarters of the
earth until he was purple.

  They retraced their steps to where
they had last seen Shep, and from there
they tried to track him. They did track
him halfway up the ridge, and then lost
all trace of him in a patch of thick,
short grass all matted with last year’s
growth. They called him names, re-
lieving their minds a little. They told
each other, over and over, how blame-
less they had been, and how they had
taken it for granted he would have
sense enough to follow them and not
go wandering off by himself. They
went back upon the pinnacle and waited
again, and watched the hills and canons
spread all about them as an eagle must
watch from his aerie. They repeatedly
declared that they ought to go on and
leave him—it would serve him right and
“learn" him a lesson. But they lingered
still, held by that law of the wild that
stragglers must be accounted for before
a party may continue its journey. Per-
haps the law itself might not have held
them, had there not been a very real
menace to wanderers in those hills.
Somewhere this wilderness held con-
cealed a man who would murder, fiend-
ishly and wantonly. They could not go
on and leave Shep unaccounted for. He
had started out with them, and he "had
given them no hint that he intended to
leave them. And yet he had disap-
peared completely and without warning.

  “Aw,” said Spider at last, when the
<5A

sun hung high and hot over their heads,
“there’s no sense in waiting here any
longer. He’d ’a’ showed up long ago
if he was coming. We’ve done our
share, and then some. We’ve waited
here, and hunted and watched two good,
long hours—and I’ve hollered my head
oif. If that other fellow’s anywhere
within ten mile of us, he knows just
where we’re located by this time. Let’s
get on over the other side-a the moun-
tain and take a look at them caves.”

  “But I don’t see where Shep could
’a' went to!” Vida complained nerv-
ously. “I guess my nerves are all up-
set lately; I know it don’t take much to
worry the life outa me.”

  “Let’s go back to camp.” Spider had
suggested it four or five times, hut he
tried it again in the hope that Vida, like
all other Women, would change her
mind. “This ain't no business for a
girl, anyway—tracking down a mur-
derer. We’ll go back, and I’ll get
Spooky and Jim, and we’ll make a still
hunt all through here. I never meant
to-”

  “Oh, I know all that. But I consider
I’m just as good as Spooky or Jim,
either one. I can shoot—and that’s
what will count if w'e meet him. I don’t
scare easy—honest, I don’t. You
mustn’t feel as if you’ve got me on your
hands, to take care of. I can take care
of myself. I—killed a mountain lion
once.”

  “I don't know of anybody I’d rather
have along,” said Spider, softening his
voice unconsciously. “You’ve sure got
most-a the men skinned for nerve. I
never seen a woman as nervy as you
are.” He paused, and leaned a trifle
closer. “ 'F there’s anything I hate, it’s
a coward,” he added guilefully. “All I
meant was that I ain’t as brave for you
as you are for yourself. I d’no’ what
I'd do if anything was to happen to
you.”

  Vida was not schooled to coquetry.
She blushed and looked away from him,
66

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

across the uneven crests of the hills.
She had no pert answer ready; she was
acutely conscious of his hand behind her
on the high cantle, just as if he had his
arm around her, She felt. And she was
conscious of her own awkwardness.

  “Why, there’s Shep, away over there!
Ain’t it?” She pointed a slim brown
finger. “It’s a white horse, anyway—
I bet he’s headed for home.”

  Spider frowned and took away his
hand. Even at two or three miles’ dis-
tance Shep could be a confounded nui-
sance, it would seem, and interrupt just
w'hen he shouldn’t. “It’s him, all right,”
he conceded briefly. “Now you’ll quit
worrying about him, maybe. What shall
we do ? Go back, or take a look around
them caves?”

  “I won’t go back.” Vida started her
pony forward, wondering why she
should feel such a sudden depression.
“It’s awful hot. Let’s hunt for a spring,
and eat our lunch, first thing. We’ll
have to go pretty near as far as Shep
went to get where there’s any caves that
I know anything about.”

  She rode part way down the ridge in
silence. “I just can’t make myself be-
lieve it wasn’t Burney,” she broke out
abruptly. “A man with stilts on could
make tracks—I can see how that would

be easy enough, but-”

  “But what?” Spider looked at her
unsmilingly. He had thought her con-
vinced. She had been convinced, so
far as he could see; it was like a woman
to fly back on an argument and have to
go through the whole deal again!
“What makes it hard to believe?”

  Vida turned in the saddle so that she
faced him. Her eyes held a worried
look; she did want to please Spider, but
she was so uncompromisingly honest
that she could not pretend to believe
just because he wanted her to do so.

  “I hate this talking and talking, and
never getting anywhere,” she protested
impatiently. “But I just can’t believe
it wasn’t Burney. He was big—not

just tall, but biff. He was so big he
couldn’t crawl under the wagon like a
common man would, to get poppy. He
waked me up, tilting the wagon up on
one side, trying to crawl under between
the wheels. Our brake sticks out quite
a ways, but any common man coulda
got under easy enough- It was Bur-
ney. I know it was. When I seen him
chasing Walt Smith, he was big—big
every way. We ain’t after any com-
mon-sized man, and I know it. And he
don’t live in any cave, either. He lives
right at the Sunbeam Ranch. It’s all
foolishness, hunting through all the
caves. If he was there, we couldn’t
git him. He’d see us coming with our
lights.”

  “Why didn’t you say you felt that
way about' it?” Spider’s voice was
hard and even.

  “A person feels things without know-
ing it, sometimes. I knew all the time
I didn’t feel right about it, but-”

  “If you don’t want to hunt the caves,
what’s the use of going on?” To prove
that it was of no use whatever, Spider
pulled his horse to a stand. “I’ll take
you back to camp, and then I’ll have a
free hand to look where I want to look.
Come on—I’ll want a little time before
dark.”

  “Oh, you needn’t get mad,” Vida told
him quickly, her own eyes burning the
anger light. “I’ll go through the caves,
if that’s what you want. But-”

  “I don’t want you to. I told you
all along I didn’t. It ain’t safe for a
girl.” Then, just because he was a bit
angry, he spoiled his last chance of
sending her back. “If it was Burney,
you’d be dead safe,” he said. “It’s be-
cause it ain’t him, and I know it ain’t.”

  “Seems to me it’s poor policy to
know so much about who it is and who
it ain’t!” snapped Vida, and sent her
pony on down the hill. She did not
mean anything by that, except that his
positiveness irritated her at that mo-
ment.
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

67

  But Spider, inflamed by his anger and
made abnormally sensitive by his grow-
ing love for the girl, fancied that she
was hinting at a guilty knowledge of
the crime. He turned white around
the lips and nostrils, and fell back a
couple of rods in the rear. Save for
the fact that she really was not safe in
those hills alone, he would have left her,
just as Shelton had left her a few
days ago. He compromised by keeping
her in sight, and in remaining so far
behind that she must stop and wait for
him openly before there could be any
further speech between them.

  Vida looked back once or twice very
cautiously, and saw that Spider had no
intention of overtaking her. She flamed
hot with anger which she tried to be-
lieve was directed toward Spider rather
than herself. She had been pretty
mean, but so had Spider. If he really
believed she wasn’t safe alone, why did
he lag along behind like that ? Well,
all right, if he wanted to keep his dis-
tance—she'd see that it was easy to do!

  So she urged her pony down that
hill at a shuffling trot, and when he was
at the bottom she put him into a lope.
She felt hateful, and she meant to act
just as hateful as she felt. No Sun-
beamer need think he could whistle her
to his heels! He wanted to hunt
through the caves ? Very, well, she
would lead him to all the caves she
knew, and he could hunt through them
to his heart’s content. Much good it
would do him, with the murderer hang-
ing out at the Sunbeam Ranch all the
while!

  Vida was a girl, and she was given
to moods. Though she was accustomed
to hard living and to worrying over
material things—even to tragedy in a
small way—she had been stirred deeply
by the outrages upon her family. She
could have killed, had the opportunity
risen when she was in the killing mood.
She had run the gamut of emotions in
the past forty-eight hours, from fear

and horror and hate to shy, daw'ning
love and the sense of security which
love brings to women. But nerves are
tricky things at best. ^Because she be-
came quite absorbed in the tormenting
of one called Spider—she did not even
know his real name—and she pushed
into the background of her mind the
real object of their quest. To lead
Spider through the hills, to dodge into
this cave and that cave ahead of him—
always to keep ahead of him—that be-
came a matter of importance. To make
him think that he had lost sight of her
permanently, and to watch from some
hiding place in the rocks while he
hunted for her—that raised her spirits
immensely.

  As to Burney—she thought of him
sometimes, in the wildest places, and
sent uneasy, seeking glances around her.
But then she had her gun safe in its
holster at her hip, and the belt sagged
with loaded cartridges; and Burney was
afraid of a gun. So she put the un-
welcome thought of him from her, and
went on teasing Spider. Nerves are
tricky things, and they take strange
whims. But Fate is trickier, and her
whims are stranger.

  Fate, for instance, sent Shelton C.
Sherman straight down a canon tip
which Burney was riding slowly, pur-
posefully, saving his big horse deliber-
ately, that he might get from him much
in the way of endurance if the need
came later. Shelton stopped, a good
deal surprised at the meeting. Burney
stopped—perhaps surprised also, though
that wras hard to determine just by look-
ing at him. It was as if Burney, being
given the normal amount of human
emotions, had to spread them out thin
to fill his great self, so that they reached
the surface of his face so diluted as to
be scarcely discernible. His little eyes
twinkled sharply at the young man who
was supposed to be somewhere else—
but since they always did twinkle
68

THE cPO<PUL/lcR MAGAZINE

sharply, there was no especial meaning
to be read into their expression.

  There was one thing queer about Bur-
ney: he did not ask many questions,
and yet he had the knack of squeezing
one dry of information. He certainly
squeezed Shelton dry, in the ten min-
utes they stood there talking. Where
he had been told, truthfully and because
Burney’s eyes impelled the telling. What
had happened at the Williams camp, and
what Vida thought of it, and her fa-
ther; where he and Spider and Vida
had started for that morning, and why;
Spider's theory of the man who wore
stilts and a pair of big boots fastened
on somehow to look like Burney’s
tracks; everything, in fact, that Shelton
C. Sherman knew about the whole affair
he told, just because Burney sat there
on his big horse and looked down at him
fixedly, with an expectant look in his
little eyes, as if they were always say-
ing, “Well, is that all?”

  Shelton was not prudent, of course.
He should have kept some things to
himself—but he did not; not one .single
thing that he knew or that had been said
in his presence.

  “Whereabouts was they headed for
when you left ’em?” Burney, having
gotten the whole story, seemed to desire
that certain points should be made ex-
ceptionally clear.

  “For some caves that Vida knows.
They wanted to find the one I was in
when I saw the—tracks. The tracks
of your boots,” he explained, in obe-
dience to Burney’s sharp glance, “and
the big bear tracks. They think maybe
they’ll find some clew around there. I
tried to find the cave again, to show
Spider, and I couldn’t.” Did Burney
look relieved at that? “We looked all
over, and we couldn’t find it, or the
squaw I saw, that said-”

  “Said what?”

  “Said she knew* your—father. She
said-”

  “Did they go straight up from Wil-
liams’ camp?”

  “Straight as they could. I left them
climbing that long ridge.”

  Burney glanced up at the sun. “You
better go on home,” he said, in his high,
querulous voice. “You can work on
the corral, so we can throw in some
stock I want the boys to bring in to the
ranch. I’m going to see Williams. I’ll
be back in a couple of hours. You can
have dinner ready when I git there.”
He gave Shelton another sharp glance,
seemed to hesitate, and rode past with-
out having made up his mind.

  So they separated, the one going
down the canon toward the more open
country and the other going up into the
heart of the roughest part.

  Shelton looked back, when he had
ridden a few yards; he caught Burney
looking back also, and there was some-
thing furtive in his posture. Shelton
faced confusedly to the front again, and
rode on, but his mind was busy with the
man behind him. If Burney were going
to the Williams camp, what was he
doing riding up this canon ? That
would make the way longer as well as
rougher, without giving any advantage
that Shelton could determine. If he
were not going to the Williams camp,
why should he explain that he was going
there ? Burney was not in the habit of
volunteering information except when
it was necessary to do so; it was not
necessary to account to Shelton for
his riding in the hills.

  A qualm of uneasiness struck Shel-
ton. Why had Burney been so par-
ticular about wanting to know just
where Vida and Spider were going?

  What was that to Burney? Shelton
rode a few rods farther, thinking hard.
He began to wish that he had not told
Burney quite so much. What if Bur-
ney-

  A dryness came into Shelton’s throat.
He turned impulsively, and rode back
up the canon as quietly as he could, and
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

69

before him as he rode was a vision
of the scattered carcasses of dead sheep
killed mysteriously, and the twisted
corpse of a man lying cold under the
stars; and of Vida and Spider, riding
together over the ridge, talking together,
careless of what danger they might meet
in the hills. He shivered, though the
day was hot.

CHAPTER XV.

  Vida stopped halfway up a forbid-
dingly barren gulch and looked inquir-
ingly behind her. She had been riding
rather slowly since she turned into this
small canon, and it seemed to her that
Spider should have overtaken her ten
minutes ago. She was certain that he
had seen her turn off from the larger
canon they had been following with a
good two hundred yards between them.
For an hour she had pla)^ed hide and
seek with him, and in the playing had
insensibly recovered her usual calm self-
reliance. The horror of the past two
days was there still, but Vida felt herself
perfectly able to cope with it and any
emergency that might arise from it.

  She wanted to tell Spider that, after
all, it might not be Burney who had
done the murder. It had occurred to
her that a man with stilts strapped on
his legs would find it awkward to crawl
under a wagon in the dark—and any
strong man, heaving up with his bent
back, could tilt their camp wagon. She
realized now that the imagination is
prone to play tricks upon a person
whose nerves are strained to the snap-
ping point. Believing the marauder to
be Burney, she would of course imag-
ine that it was Burney whom she saw;
given the height, the rest would be quite
natural.

  She would tell Spider that, and make
up with him and behave herself. But
she would not ride back to meet him
—that would be too abject a surrender.
He might say that she went back after

him because she was scared, or because
her conscience hurt her, and neither
would be true, because her conscience
was perfectly clear of guilt. She had
not run away from him really; he had
simply lagged behind. She forgot that
she had all but accused him of being
an accomplice of Burney in the murder
of her Uncle Jake. Her conscience was
clear, and she certainly was not scared.

  Vida looked behind her, and shivered.
She had stopped there to wait for
Spider, and she had been looking back
expectantly, thinking that she would see
him ride around the bend. But now she
felt as though something horrible was
presently going to come around that
very point—something menacing. She
kicked her pony in the flanks, and rode
an hurriedly, looking this way and that
for a way out of the gulch. She felt
the blood oozing from her veins, hiding
in her heart, and pounding there heav-
ily. Where zvas Spiderf Why didn’t
he come ?

  She kept looking over her shoulder,
her eyes wide with terror. Vida had
never before felt that undefinable fear,
though she had ridden alone in these
hills at various times since she was a
child. She had been scared when she
shot the mountain lion, but it had been
a perfectly normal, healthy fear lest her
bullets should fail to do their work.

  She shook herself mentally, and tried
to reason with her unreasonable dread
of something she neither heard nor saw,
but only felt. But all the while she
kept thinking of the something that had
followed Shelton and Spider and the
others—the something they could not
name but had felt behind them in the
dark. She had riot thought much about
it before; indeed, save those few min-
utes of terror in the wagon when she
visioned a warlock, she had believed
the story to be some obscure joke and
so had paid no attention. But—but
this wras early afternoon!

  Had she not been afraid to do so,
70

THE cP0cPULA<R MAGAZINE

she would have turned then and ridden
back to find Spider. She would have
borne any repulse and reproach, and
would have been glad just because he
was there with her, close enough to
scold her and tell her—politely, of
course—what a fool she had been to
leave him. But she was afraid. Noth-
ing could induce her to turn and ride
back down the gulch. She struck her
pony sharply with the quirt and went
on, clattering over the rocks in a way
to rouse the echoes and let them clamor
her whereabouts to any one within a
quarter of a mile.

  Soon she stopped, because she saw
how the gulch was drawing together
ahead of her. Unless it widened, just
around the next point, she would be
caught in a pocket. If she could get
up the bluff, she reasoned swiftly, the
might follow back along the edge until
she saw Spider, and then call down to
him and have him join her up there.
She gazed longingly up at the frown-
ing rock ledges above her. Up there,
she believed, she would be safe. Even
the scattered fringes of service berry
bushes and buckbrush looked comfort-
ing, as if they could protect her from
something that was creeping up on her
from behind. But there was no place
along the canon wall where her pony
could climb, and Vida caught herself
sobbing hysterically as she rode along
seeking a way out.

  Then her terror mastered her com-
pletely. She pulled up and slid off
the horse in a panic, and ran to the
shadowed side of the gulch and began
to climb. When she had reached a ledge
that stood out flat-surfaced from the
steeper front of the ravine wall, she
stopped and stood panting while she
watched with straining eyes the rough
trail she had ridden over but a few
moments ago. Something was coming
stealthily, swiftly, surely upon her trail.
She knew it, though she could see noth-
ing but the black, barren rocks and the

stunted bushes and the wavering heat
lines where the sunlight struck full
upon the opposite wall.

  And then a huge, black head peered
cautiously around a sharp projection
of rock; paused motionless for a long
minute and moved forward, pushed by
the broad shoulders of a figure grown
horribly familiar. Even at that dis-
tance Vida fancied that she could see
the little twinkling eyes that searched
the canon. He was coming on, with
swift, stealthy strides that carried him
forward with amazing speed; a noise-
less, swinging trot that was half a lope
and that would, in the long run, out-
strip a horse. A few steps so, and
he stopped and crouched behind a bowl-
der so that she could see only the slope
of his shoulders.

  With a sob suppressed in her throat
Vida ducked into a crevice, and began
to climb. It was like her dream, ex-
cept that in her dream the canon wall
was smooth and perpendicular, and
now, in reality, it was broken and not
too steep, if she chose her way very
carefully. For the rest, it was horribly
true—with Burney stealing swiftly
along, looking here and there for her.
In the crevice she was hidden from
him, but she dared not stay there. He
would come upon her pony and know
that she had taken to the canonside.
He would even know which side, be-
cause the opposite wall overhung the
gulch in a thin shelf that had no hiding
place beneath. He would not puzzle
one minute over her whereabouts—he
would know. And he would climb up
after her. And with his long arms
and his long legs and his enormous
strength to lift him up the bluff, he
would climb ten feet while she was toil-
ing five.

  She climbed,, and cursed the denim
riding skirt that caught on sharp points
and impeded her progress. She tried
to keep her wits and to climb intelli-
gently, and she kept an angle that
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTEPY

71

would take her farther down the canon.
If she reached the top she would be
nearer Spider and safety—for she felt
that writh Spider she would be safe.
There was np reason in that, of course,
for Burney, if he chose, could kill her
and Spider together with his hands.
That was the horror—the great, strong
hands of Burney, and his powerful,
long arms. Even while she climbed
she kept glancing over her shoulder,
terrifiedly expectant of his huge hands
reaching out even then to clutch her.

  A rock whidi she had seized that
she might pull herself across a treach-
erous space of loose earth gave way
beneath her fingers and went clattering
down the bluff, bouncing off ledges and
gathering speed and din as it went.
Breathless she watched it. She could
not see Burney, but she knew that he
was down there and that his little twin-
kling eyes were seeking, seeking. She
knew that he would hear the rock, and
would know that she had loosened it
in her flight from him.

  She shut her eyes, sigk with fancy-
ing what would happen then. Strangely
it would seem to her in calmer mo-
ments, she never once thought of using
her gun, though it swung heavy on her
hip and even hindered her movements
when she pressed close against a ledge.
That is why I say that nerves are tricky
things. In her nightmare she had not
thought of her gun, and now when re-
ality was more horrible than any dream
she did not think of it. It was as
though she had never heard of such a
weapon. Flight, primitive, wild flight
—that seemed to her the only possible
means of escaping those monstrous,
clutching hands.

  Spider—where was Spider? Why
didn't he come? Her pony, left alone
down there, snorted suddenly. She
heard the rattle of rocks as he whirled
and fled back down the canon. She
opened her eyes and looked, for the
sound was almost directly beneath her.

  Down below her the pinto came gal-
loping, amazingly sure-footed among
the scattered rocks that strew’ed the bot-
tom. Behind him, running with great
leaps that ate up the space between
them, came Burney. Bareheaded, evil-
faced, intent on the chase. The pony
ran into a jumble of rocks, stumbled,
picked himself up, and swerved to find
an easier passage. Burney leaped di-
rectly in his path. His long arms shot
out like the tentacles of some predatory
insect. He caught the pony in a close
embrace around the neck. He gripped
it, leaning, straining his great body
against the pinto’s shoulder. Vida hid
her face against the rock. Her knees
sagged under her with the ghastliness
of the thing.

  Her own danger galvanized her pres-
ently to action. She did not look be-
low again—she did not dare. She
looked up instead, and took heart when
she saw how high she had climbed.
Another five minutes and she would be
at the top, unless the bluff merely re-
ceded and went on up, as sometimes
they did. Instinctively she nerved her-
self for that disappointment—she who
had learned well the ways of the hills—
and climbed desperately, doggedly,
breathlessly. She would get to the top
—she would! And she would run and
run and run till she found Spider; that
was the end and the aim of all her
efforts, all her hopes: to find Spider and
be safe with him.

  She had gone thirty feet perhaps
when she heard the half shout, half
scream that told her she'had been seen.
She did not look back—she only climbed
the faster. There was something mani-
acal in the sound; she sensed it even
in her fright, and she knew that Bur-
ney was crazy—that it was an insane
giant who was hunting her down. She
knew then that had Burney faced her
sane she would not have feared him
—not so much. She would have felt
72

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

that by sheer will power she could dom-
inate over even his bigness. But a
crazy man could not be dominated by
anything save superior force. She
climbed and climbed, and never stopped
for breath. And she heard him knock-
ing rocks loose, down there below, as
he lunged up the canon wall after her.

  With a dry sob of thankfulness she
topped a low, mossy ledge, and stood
upon comparatively level ground;
rough enough to prevent swift flight,
but after that terrible climb looking
smooth and safe. She stood still for
a moment, straining her eyes to see
down the canon. A narrow tongue of
a ridge this was, and she could look
down upon either side. The one up
which she had ridden lay empty of so
much as a rabbit. But when she looked
down into the other she gave a cry of
relief.

  "Oh, Spider! Spider, hurry!” Far
down the canon he was; she could dis-
tinguish nothing save the outline of his
form and the color of his horse. But
she waved her hand and shouted, and
started running toward him.

  From the bluffside below her came a
laugh, and the sound was so close that
she glanced that way in fresh terror.
She saw the bare head of the giant,
show briefly over the top of the last
ledge, and with a scream she ran on
down the ridge, stumbling, tripping over
rocks, yet somehow keeping her feet
and making little, moaning sounds in
her throat.

  She did not look again for Spider;
she thought that he was too far away
—that he could never reach her in time.
Perhaps he did not even see her; or,
if he did see her, perhaps he did not
care—was glad, even, to see her pun-
ished for leaving him. The ridge
sloped sharply downward toward the
point where the canons had forked.
Even as she ran she remembered that
she had noticed the bare slope of this
dividing ridge, and had even thought

of riding up it to get a clear view of
the surrounding country. Why hadn’t
Spider ridden up here instead of keep-
ing to the canon?

  She did not look again behind her.
She knew too well what she would see.
She knew that if she saw Burney on
the level, coming after her with those
terrible, long strides and those horrible,
twinkling little eyes fixed greedily upon
her—she knew that if she saw him like
that the sight would paralyze her and
place her in his power. So she ran and
she did not look back.

CHAPTER XVI.

  When a man has spent nearly all his
life in the midst of great, open spaces,
certain of his faculties attain a high
state of development—unless he is one
of those incompetents who never does
grow up to the requirements of his
vocation. Spider was not an incompe-
tent ; he had learned to see a great deal
in a short space of time, and to rise
instinctively to an emergency. Though
he had lost Vida in the canon it was
because he had not suspected her of
deliberately trying to evade him and
so had kept to the logical course, which
was up the main ravine. He had not
been greatly concerned over her imme-
diate welfare—he had too great a con-
fidence in her ability to take care of
herself, and he believed himself to be
within shouting distance of her; in-
deed, he had been until she turned up
the side gulch and so widened the dis-
tance between them.

  But even if he did not worry very
much about her he kept his eyes open
and let no living thing move unseen
within his range of vision. He saw
Vida the instant she came out upon
the crest of the ridge, and he saw that
she was running from something. In-
stinctively he knew what that some-
thing was, and he dug the spurs into
his horse and charged the bluff as if
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTB<RY

73

he were leading an army against some
puny breastwork. The slope was steep
there, and the half sterile soil was baked
hard between the grass tufts. His horse
went lunging up to where he was
stopped by the broken rim of lava rock
which tops two-thirds of the desert
bluffs and makes hill traveling so labo-
rious.

  Spider jumped off and scrambled up
the rocks much as Vida had done upon
the other side of the ridge, but with
better progress. Once, when he was
feeling for a handhold above him where
the ledge was almost straight above his
head, he heard a shout on the level
above. It sounded like Burney’s high-
pitched voice raised in a command to
some one. It seemed odd that Burney
should be up there with Vida. He had
believed that Burney was riding off the
other way, toward the river.

  He clutched a splinter of rock, pulled
himself up half his length, and looked
over the ledge upon baked soil that
still sloped steeply up to the crest. He
drew himself up by sheer muscular
strength over the smooth, black rim
and ran up the bluff on his toes until
another ledge blocked the way and he
must climb again, foot by foot, clinging
with his hands and his feet to the face
of the rock. Had there been time he
might have found a crevice and gone
up more easily, but there was not time;
at least, it was not for him to take for
granted anything save the girl’s dire
need of him.

  He was still a few feet from the rim
of the ledge when he heard her scream
somewhere above him. And close upon
the sound of that came the hoarse bel-
lowing cry that once before he had
heard and had never been able wholly
to forget. His breath caught in his
throat, but he went on, climbing now
like a madman to reach the girl in time.

  It seemed to him hours that he spent
on that ledge, toiling upward with
Vida’s scream and that other horrible

cry ringing still in his ears. It seemed
to him that he made no headway at
all, but climbed and climbed in one spot.
Yet he presently found himself some-
how on the top, running up the bare
crest of the ridge toward a titanic strug-
gle of some sort; what he could not
at first determine. He did not see Vida
anywhere, and when he realized that
she was not a part of the struggle he
drew his breath sharply and slowed a
little, conscious of his exhaustion.

  Then, just when he was steadying a
little from that nightmare of fear for
the girl, he saw her lying on the stunted
grass, all crumpled in a heap where
she had fallen. Close beside her they
were straining and struggling—two
giants of men whose breath came in
great gasps while they fought.

  Panting, dazed to blank uncompre-
hension, Spider drew near and watched
the amazing spectacle. There was Bur-
ney fighting doggedly, silently—fighting
for his life. And there was another
huge human, and yet not all human,
fighting with little, harsh snarls of sheer
animal rage and the lust for killing—
fighting not for his own life, but for
the lives of these others. He was
dressed in Burney’s old clothes—Spider
remembered the gray-striped trousers
which Burney had worn a year or so
ago; tattered now, torn short off at the
hairy knees of the giant. He was like
Burney in size and general outline of
face and figure, and yet his face was
the face of an animal, with its pro-
truding jaw and receding forehead and
broad, flat nostrils. His eyes were little
and twinkling and set deep under his
bushy brows. His arms were hairy,
his legs were hairy, his feet, which were
bare, were huge, misshapen things with
queer-looking toes.

  While he stared, Spider began to un-
derstand many things that had been
muffled in mystery. Here was the an-
swer to the puzzle: the thing that had
followed them through the desert in
74

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the dark; the maker of the “be^r”
tracks which had so excited Shelton;
the killer of sheep and dogs—and of
Jake Williams; the monstrous shape
that had tried to get in the wagon that
night, and could not because the door
was too small—a wave of physical
nausea swept over Spider at the thought
of this great savage trying to get at
Vida. It passed, and a spasm of terror
seized him as he realized suddenly that
she was lying there almost within reach
of the Thing, in deadly danger still
except for Burney’s straining strength.

  Spider darted forward, lifted Vida
in his arms, and ran with her to a hud-
dle of great bowlders with bushes
growing between. In the shade of a
buckbush he laid her down, and stood
at bay between her and the Thing, his
gun in his hand ready to shoot .at the
first menacing movement.

  It came sooner than even his strained
nerves expected. For, though Burney’s
strength was prodigious, the strength of
this other was something monstrous.
Burney was being beaten back step by
step, inch by inch; he was being borne
down. Great sweat drops stood on his*
face. His teeth were clenched in a
frozen snarl of supreme physical effort.
His knees were bending slowly, slowly
—his back was yielding. The huge,
hairy hands of the Thing were reach-
ing, reaching—the great talonlike fin-
gers were spread and tensed for the
death clutch. The snarl broke sud-
denly into a scream to freeze one’s
blood; the scream which Spider had
heard behind him in the dark—the
scream that had terrified Shelton in the
cave. And on the echoes of that scream
came a groan, wrenched from Burney
in agony:

  Spider sprang forward, leveling his
big forty-five and pulling the trigger
as instinctively as he would have shut
his eyes in the face of a blow. . The
Thing recoiled, swayed on his great,
hairy limbs, and sank to his knees;

swayed there and toppled over, strug-
gled uncertainly to rise, and then lay
still.

  Burney removed the gripping hands
—relaxed now and harmless—and stag-
gered to his feet, wiping the sweat from
his forehead with a trembling palm as
he stared stupidly down. He looked
up, when the Thing had ceased to move,
and took a tottering step toward Spider.

  “ ’S the girl all right?” he mumbled
dazedly, his high-pitched voice trem-
bling a little. “I seen ’em—and I run

my horse—and got here just-” He

looked down at the dead giant, and
his face clouded.

  “Come over here and sit down,”
Spider suggested shakily. “ You’re
about a-ll in.” He turned back and
knelt beside Vida, and fel^ her small,
brown hands and laid his fingers gently
against her tanned cheek. She lay as
she had lain the day before, lightly
breathing, deeply unconscious. He be-
gan to chafe her hand, changed his
purpose, and put it softly down at her
side. She had recovered from the
other fainting fit with no permanent
ill effect. Better let her remain uncon-
scious for a while—until they could get
her away from here, he thought. His
eyes, tender and full of pity, dwelt for
a minute longer on her face. Then he
rose and found himself a level place
on the rock and sat down, looking curi-
ously from Burney to that other giant.

  “You must ’a’ knowed all the time
about him,” he said abruptly, jerking his
head toward the trampled battle scene.
“He’s got on your pants.”

  Burney lifted his chin from his heav-
ing chest, and stared somberly at the
dead. “Sure, I knowed about him,” he
admitted dismally. “I never knowed
he was dangerous, though—till he com-
menced killin’ sheep. Even then I didn’t
think he’d—tackle a human being. He’s
—always been harmless. Just—simple-
minded and wantin’ to live around in
caves like an animal. He never hurt
THE S<POOK HILLS MYSTERY

75

nobody—before. It must ’a’ just growed
on him, kinda, from killin’ them—
sheep.” He heaved a great sigh, took
his handkerchief from his pocket, wiped
his face, and then shook it out and
went over and spread it over the dead
face that was still snarling, and came
back and sat down heavily.

  “I wisht we could keep this thing
quiet,” he said gloomily, after a silence.
“A-course he wasn’t responsible fer
what he done, and he wasn’t hardly

human, but he-” His face flushed

darkly. “I s’pose you’d call him a half
brother of mine,” he said with a certain
sullen defiance of the fact. “My dad
was a squaw man up in Montana. That
was when I was just a kid. Him and
his squaw got mixed up with a grizzly
—and my old man was hurt so he died.
The kid that was born afterward was
—him.” He nodded toward the inert
heap. “He wasn’t right from the very
first. Soon as he could walk he had
the ways of an animal more’n a human.
Yuh see his feet—a good deal like a
bear’s. Old Mary—that’s the squaw—
she just about worshiped him. And
when he growed up and took to the
hills, she went with him and lived the
way he lived and took care of him.”

  Spider glanced toward the dead, shud-
dered, and looked away. It is no light
thing to take the life of a human—-
even a half human such as that Thing
was. He looked at Burney strangely,
and wondered what were his thoughts,
whether he felt any stirring impulse of
regret or sorrow or resentment toward
the killer of his kin. Burney glanced
up and met Spider’s eyes, and answered
the unspoken questions.

  “Maybe I hadn’t ought to be, but
I’m glad he’s gone,” he said soberly.
“He’s always hung over my head like
a—a disgrace. A Thing like that
oughtn’t to be left alive. I always felt
that way about it ever since he was
born. He couldn’t talk—not words you
could understand. . The squaw, she

could understand what he wanted.
There was something about him always
give me the shivers. But I took as
good care of ’em both as I could. I
used to send money up to a feller in
the Bitter Root that knew where they
hung out and used to pack grub and
clothes out to ’em. He”—Burney
nodded toward the corpse—“never
showed up in daytime, so nobody
knowed about him except this man that
used to be my old man’s pardner.

  “He died a couple-a years ago, and
Mary she struck out with—him—and
come on down here. Traveled nights,
she said, and there didn’t nobody see
him. Mary never wanted him seen. It
made her sore to have folks know he
was—different. She used to hide him
like a deer hides her fawn when any-
body come around. So thfey located
here in these hills, and I packed grub
to ’em myself nights.” Burney sighed
heavily, as though the burden had taxed
all his strength and patience.

  “Us fellows would ’a’ stood right by
yuh if you’d told us about it,” Spider
said with grave sympathy. “We could
a’ helped, instead of yawping around
about a spook. We’d ’a’ kept our faces
shut if wre’d had any idee-”

  “I know yuh would. But it wasn’t a
thing a feller would want to tell unless
he was obliged to. I never thought he’d
harm any one. I dunno what made him
start in killin’ sheep fer Williams—he
must ’a’ got a notion they was enemies.
I tried to git Williams to move back,
away from here. I s’pose I’d oughta
told him why—but I didn’t, and so I’m
responsible fer a man’s death.” He
humped forward, brooding over the
tragedy.

  “I tried to git Mary to pull out,”
he went on as though he was pleading
the case with his conscience sitting in
judgment. “I told her he was gittin’
to act queer—when he commenced fol-
lerin’ you boys—and wasn’t safe. I told
her the sheriff’d take ’im and shut him
76

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

tip if he took to botherin’ anybody. But
she wouldn’t budge, and she wouldn’t
do a thing. Well,” he added justly,
“there wasn’t much she could dp. She
couldn’t keep him from running around
nights, and she couldn't foller him and
keep him outa mischief. I guess she
done all she could do.

  “I was in Pocatello to see a doctor
and try and find out what could be
done fer him—I’d heard about opera-
tions on the brain that’d change a per-
son, and I didn’t know but what some-
thing could be done with1 him to make
him quieter and keep him from wantin’
to kill. I got uneasy when he com-
menced killin’ sheep. Well, I didn’t
go soon enough. I’d oughta had him
tended to when I first growed up and
seen what he was like. But he seemed
so harmless—and it would ’a’ been hell
to cage him up—and I hated to have
folks know about him. It's bad
enough,” he said doggedly, “to be so
big you’re pointed at on the streets like
you was a side show broke loose; and
to feel you’re different, and to have
folks think you’re a whole lot more
different than what you are. They don’t
consider that I’m just a man—just like
everybody else—and just being bigger
don’t make any difference in my feel-
ings. If folks knowed I was related
to a Thing like that—they’d think I was
some kinda beast myself. I tried to do
what was right by him, but I wanted
some kinda fair show myself.”

  “Well, you’ve sure got it coming, if
anybody has,” said Spider, after a
thoughtful silence. “You’ll git it from
me. If we could do something with
the body,” he ventured tentatively with-
out looking at Burney at all, “I don’t
see why anybody’d need to know there’d
ever been such a—person.”

  Burney lifted his bent head, and
looked at Spider almost eagerly. Then
his face dulled again. “There’s the
girl,” he said.

  “Well—her, maybe. But you can

bank on that little girl, Burney. She’s
the real goods. You needn’t be afraid
of her. If we can just manage to—to
bury him on the quiet.”

  “His cave’s just down below,” Bur-
ney said. “One of ’em, anyway. We
could put him in there. That kid
started out to foller me back; I met
him down in the foothills. I guess I
throwed him off the trail, but I ain’t
sure. We better hurry if we’re going
to do anything; if you think we can,
and it would be right. There’s that
murder-”

  “Well, there won’t be no more. And
it won’t be the only killin’ that never
was accounted for. We’ll tell the girl
about it, so she won’t worry no more
or be scared. And what the rest of the
country don’t know about it won’t hurt
’em any.” He stood up, patently eager
to do his part. “How’ll we git him
down?” he asked, not because he did
not know, but with an impulse toward
speech that would make the thing less
horrible.

  “I can carry him. You look after
the girl. You better stay here and
kinda keep a lookout for the kid. And
if Mary—the squaw—shows up, don’t
try to tell her anything about it. I’ll
’tend to her. She ain’t right in her
mind, and she packs a knife. She
might——•” He did not feel that it
was necessary to finish that sentence.

  Spider stood sober-eyed, and watched
Burney gather into his huge arms that
monstrous shape of a man, and go stag-
gering to the edge of the rock huddle.
He watched him part the bushes in a
certain place with one hand, pause a
minute there to make sure of his foot-
ing, and go down slowly, surely, like
a man feeling his way down a crude
stairway, bearing the limp Thing with
the frozen snarl on its beastlike face.

  Then Spider turned and knelt beside
Vida, and began to chafe her little, sun-
browned hands pityingly, tenderly, and
to Watch her face for the first quiver
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

77

of an eyelash that would tell how close,
she was to returning consciousness.

CHAPTER XVII.

  “And so yuh see,” Spider’s voice
droned in soft monologue, “it wasn’t
anything anybody could help. Burney,
he done all anybody could do; he’d ’a’
prevented it if he could. Burney’s a
fine man, Vida. He’s big—big-hearted
as well as big-bodied. I wisht you’d
try and like him. He ain’t to blame
for what that idiot thing done. He
feels pretty bad about it. lie feels shut
off from folks, kinda—as if he didn’t
have no friends or anything. I

wish-”

  “My foot hurts something awful,”
Vida interrupted, groaning a little. She
moved her head restlessly in the crook
of Spider’s arm. “I- stepped in a hole
when I was running and gave it an
awful twist. He—it was coining right
after me when I fell. I—I remember
I heard a horse, too—and Burney hol-
lering. But I was too scared to look
back or think that maybe there was
two of ’em. I’m—glad It’s dead! I’m
glad and thankful. Ain’t you?”

  "I’m—thankful,” said Spider, and
pressed his lips tight together. The
cold-steel look was in his eyes, and
something else. He pressed the girl
closer, and bent his head and kissed her
with a grave tenderness.

  “You mustn’t feel bad about it,” she
told him, comprehending a little of what
was in his mind. “You saved my life.”
“No, I never,” Spider disclaimed
quickly. “Burney done that. You’ve
got him to thank for that.”

  “But you said he would ’a’ killed
Burney. You said you shot because

he was going to kill-”

  “I know—let’s not talk about it. You
owe Burney a whole lot. I want you to
remember that, and I want you to be
good to him and not treat him any

different just because he’s big. Where’s
your horse?”

  “Oh!” Vida shivered in his arms.
“It—killed my pony. Just the way it

—did-”

  “Never mind.” Spider was pitifully
anxious to dodge discussion of the sub-
ject. “We’ll say it fell, or something,
and broke its neck. And that’s how
you got hurt—sabe? Your horse fell
with you. Whereabouts was it? We
better go back down that way, I guess,
in case Shep comes prowlin’ around.
You want to be careful what you tell
Shep. He’s a good kid, but mouthy.
He’d let the whole thing out to the
first feller he talked with.”

  “Anyway, he’d write it home to his
folks,” supplemented Vida, with a pain-
twisted smile. “He won’t get anything
from me.”

  Spider eased her shoulders gently
back against a rock, and stood up, scan-
ning the high-piled ridges and the deep-
gashed canons anxiously. It would be
just as well if they got off that ridge
before Shep or some other prowler
came within sight of them, he was
thinking. With that end in view he
went around the cluster of bowlders to
where the big brown horse of Burney’s
browsed apathetically upon the tender
twigs of a stunted currant bush. He
came back to Vida, leading the horse
by the bridle.

  “I oughta take Burney’s horse down
off the ridge to where mine is,” he
explained in a worried tone. “Shop’s
such an inquisitive kinda cuss he’d want
to know' what we was doing up here—r
and you crippled so you can’t stand.
You see, don’t you? It won’t do atall
for Shep to spot us up here. I won’t
be gone but a few minutes—you ain’t
afraid, are yuh?”

  Vida was, but she lacked the courage
to admit it; instead she dissembled in
the most feminine manner and deceived
Spider to the extent that his eyes bright-
ened with pride in her.
78

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “You’ve got them all skinned for.
nerve,” he told her in a whisper, and'
kissed again the lips that tempted him.
“If Burney comes back before I do,
you tell him I’ll bring both our horses
around the point and up the gulch where
you—got hurt.” He grinned mirth-
lessly over the stratagem. “He can
help you down the bluff—say, you ain’t
afraid of him, are you, little girl?”

  “No,” lied Vida faintly, “I ain’t
afraid.”

  “You hadn’t oughta be. Burney’s a
prince. I’d like to carry yuh down my-
self, but you better not wait. We got
to think of Burney, and if we’re going
to keep this thing quiet we can’t take
any chances—see ? So I’ll meet you
around there just as quick as I can, and
if you ain’t there/5 he hurried on, be-
cause of her anxious eyes, “I’ll come
back up here after you prontoHe
held her close, hating to let her go even
for a few minutes after the terrors
of the past hour. “You like me, don’t
you?” he whispered close to her cheek.

   Vida held him tight, and it wras not
 altogether love that strengthened her
 clasp. She was afraid; horribly afraid.
 But she was more afraid that Spider
 would suspect her fear and love her
 less because of it. . She forced herself
 to laugh a little, and she reached up a
 brown hand and straightened his hat
 and pinched his ear, and then pushed
 him from her.

   “I wish my foot didn’t hurt so—I'd
go with you,” she said. “Hurry up,
won’t you? I ain’t afraid of Burney,
but—I ain’t in love with—-him.” An
artful emphasis she put upon the last
word—an emphasis that would make
Spider grudge every minute that sepa-
rated them. So did Vida prove herself
wholly feminine in spite of her environ-
ment and the things she must do be-
cause of it. “Go on,” she commanded
' tenderly, “and don’t be a big silly. But
—hurry back, kid, if you don’t want

me to change my mind about—-liking
you.”

  He went then because he wanted to
help Burney with his trouble. A good
deal dazed yet was Spider, what with
this miracle of a girl’s love that had
come to him quite suddenly and the
amazing solution of the mystery that
had gr§wn so sinister. He looked back
frequently while he w7as yet on the
ridge, just to assure himself that Vida
was real, and to see her brown hand
waving him a message, but he could not
make that other gruesome happening
seem real—not yet.

  As for Vida, she watched Spider with
sinking courage. She was afraid, up
there on the hilltop alone; horribly
afraid. Her foot pained her dread-
fully, and she was thirsty. Her head
throbbed heavily, and she was lucky
to get off so lightly. Surely there are
not many women who could have borne
what she had suffered and borne it
so calmly.

  Most of all she dreaded Burney’s
return. It was foolish, but one’s nerv-
ous system does not adjust itself auto-
matically to changed conditions, and
she had been so certain that it was
Burney 'who pursued her up the
bluff—

  She heard a rock kicked loose some-
where behind her, and she turned sick
with fresh terror. She heard him com-
ing heavily toward where she lay, his
great feet crunching the gravelly soil
like the tread of a horse. She shut
her eyes—and then, when she felt that
he was standing close beside her, she
opened them wide and stared up at
him. There he was, towering miles
above her—so her overwrought nerves
told her—and his little, twinkling eyes
were fixed anxiously upon her face.
He had something in his hands, and
while she stared at him she saw his
face redden with embarrassment. It
had been pale.

  “I brought up some water from a
THE SPOOK HILLS MYSTERY

79

spring down there,” he said in his high,
querulous voice. “I thought maybe
you’d like a drink.”

 “Oh, thanks!” Vida sat up and
reached for the leaky old tomato can
he carried. She had never dreamed of
thanking Burney for anything, but the
words came rather easily, after all.

  “Where’s Spider?” he asked, stand-
ing aloof while she drank thirstily.

  Vida took a last deep swallow, and
set down the can. Burney could not
have reassured her so much in an hour
of friendly protestations as he had done
with that one little thoughtful act. Her
eyes lost their fear and antagonism, and
became almost friendly.

  “He took your horse down the hill.
He’s going to get his and bring them
around up the gulch where—mine is,”
she explained. “He said—he said we
were to meet him down there. He’s
afraid Shep might come, and he’d won-
der about our being away up here.”

  “Well, it’s a good idee. We’ll go
on down, then.” Burney still stood fif-
teen feet away from her, and he spoke
with a timid hesitation oddly at vari-
ance with his hugeness. Still, they say
an elephant is afraid of a mouse.

  Vida eyed him queerly. “I—stepped
in a hole and gave my foot a twist,”
she informed him with an amused quirk
of the lips. “I—can’t walk.” Then
she watched him. No, she was no
longer afraid of him; she was a woman,
you see, and he had betrayed the fact
that he was afraid of her. It makes
a difference.

 “Oh, that’s too bad-” Burney

shifted his weight to the other foot,
for all the world like a bashful boy
before company.

  Vida watched him covertly. “Spider
offered to carry me down, but he had

to take the horses-she observed

demurely.

  “Oh, did he?” Burney looked ready
to perspire. His little twinkling eyes

wandered to the peaks high over her
head.

  “He said—maybe you wouldn’t mind
—helping me—a little.” Vida reached
down and felt her injured foot, and
screwed her face into a grimace at the
pain of her lightest touch.

 “Oh, I—I’ll be glad to—help-”

From collar to hatband Burney was
purple with confusion.

  “I’m afraid you’ll have to—carry
me.” Vida blushed a little herself, but
her lips still had the amused quirk.
“If it won’t be—too much trouble,” she
added.

  “Oh, no trouble—don’t mention it!”
Burney grew pale. “I—I hope we can
—be friends,” he stammered, advancing
slowly. “I-”

  “Never mind hashing things all over,”
she interrupted him hastily. “I want
to forget things. Be—careful not to
joggle my foot-

  Not much of a reconciliation so far
as words went, but Burney’s breath be-
came uneven with emotion. Did you
ever see a man take a butterfly from
his net carefully, so as not to brushy
the bloom from its wings? Just so
gently did Burney lift her into his arms
and carry her down the bluff. And
all the while he did not speak. He
could think of nothing to say that would
not sound irreverent.

  Vida spoke but once when he had
carried her with safe gentleness down
the steepest ledge. “It must be an awful
comfort to be so strong,” she said. “I
wish I was as big as you are.”

  Burney did not answer her, but his
eyes lightened gratefully.

  Since this story began with Shelton
C. Sherman, I suppose it ought to end
with him. And since our editor man
thinks that you have heard almost
enough about these people of the des-
ert, I may not tell you just what hap-
pened after that trip down the bluff,
or what Shelton did and thought and
80

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

wanted , to do and couldn’t. But I’m
going to let you do something rude, just
for revenge upon the editor man who
refuses to let a story go on and on
and never stop: I am going to let you
read over the shoulder of Shelton C.
Sherman while he writes to “the folks.”

  He is in the bunk house, writing at
one end of the table while Spooky plays
solitaire upon the other end. The lamp
stands between them, and the chimney
is foggy for want of washing, so that
the light is none too good and Shelton
is hunched over with his nose so close
to the end of his fountain pen that
you will have to lean close also. Pike
—we didn’t get very much acquainted
with old Pike, did we?—Pike is gum-
ming a wad of tobacco while he reads
a half-column article in the Boise paper,
telling what has not been done toward
apprehending the murderer of the sheep-
man in the Piute Hills country. Never
mind that—we’ll just read what Shelton
C. Sherman has to say.

  Shsh-sh-h—wait now till he takes his
fist off the upper half of the page.
Well, since he shows no disposition to
move his hand—perhaps fearing that
Spooky may be rude enough to cast a
curious eye over what has been written,
and is able to read upside-down writing
—we'll begin with that line just below
his thumb:

  -marry Spider, so I’m ail out of girls at

present. She wasn’t my kind, anyway, so I
don’t care much. There hasn’t been anything
more happened, since I wrote last. We had a
big bunch of excitement, and then it all fiz-
zled out, like the time the lown fireworks all
went off in a bunch—remember? Excite-
ment a-plenty while it lasted, only it didn’t
last. Well, that’s the way out here. Every-
thing’s at a dead level. I don’t even hunt
rattlesnakes with the girl any more—seeing
she got crippled and couldn’t, and then got
stuck on Spider and wouldn’t. We haven't
caught the fellow that killed her uncle, either.
Nobody seems trying to catch him. I’ve rid-

den Spook Hills till I’m sick of the sight
of them, and I can’t find so much as a bear
track any more. I found a cave or two, but
there was nothing in them I ut rat nests.

  Burney found that old squaw, that I told
you folks about seeing, wandering around in
the hills, and he brought her in to the ranch.
I wish you girls could see her. I’ve taken
her picture, and will send you one as soon as
I get the roll developed, but I’d give anything
if you could hear her mumbling around the
ranch. She walks with a crooked stick, and
she goes hobbling around, looking for some-
thing—nobody knows what. Sometimes she
gets wandering ofl in the desert, and then
Burney hunts her up and brings her back.
He’s good to her—makes me think there’s
something in that story Jim tells, about Bur-
ney’s father being a squaw man. There can’t
be any other reason for Burney taking
charge of the old hag. She’s almost blind,
and plumb nutty. Burney never says any-
thing about it, and, of course, nobody would
have the nerve to ask him—not little me, any-
how.

  Tell sis I haven’t given up hope of getting
that bearskin rug yet. It’ll be a whopper, if I
can find the one that made the tracks I saw.
Spider did think it wasn’t a bear but a man
disguising his tracks. But he admits now
that it was a bear, most likely. He says,
though, that bears have a habit of changing
their range every once in a while, and that
this one may be a hundred mi’.es from here
by this time. I hope not. I’ve got my heart
set ou his hide for a rug-

  “For the Lordy sake, Shep, what you
writin’? A novel?” asked Spooky just
then, sweeping the cards together with
his palm and speaking in a tone of deep
disgust. It always makes Spooky cross
to have the game run consistently
against him when he is playing “Mex.”
The clerical industry of Shelton C.
Sherman has always roused within him
a futile irritation. “Honest to gollies,
I should think the hind side of a pic-
ture postcard would hold all that hap-
pens in this derned desert, but some
folks can write all day and never say
nothing. What yuh tellin’ 'em ? Did
yuh put in how Spider went and cut
yuh out with the girl?”

Read “The Peacemaker" by A. M. Chisholm in the next Issue,
The Great Cardinal Seal

     **	’ By Robert Welles Ritchie

Author of “The SandlotterEtc.

   A brand from the fire which the inscrutable Japanese brother kindled
in Korea at the close of the war with Russia. The hitherto unwritten story
of the search for the great cardinal seal of Korea, relic of three hundred
kings, which played a mighty, and might have played a mightier part in
the history of the ancient kingdom.

CHAPTER I.

  CONCERNING A GRAY, STRAY CURL.

SOME old duffer of long ago, who
prided himself on his neat and
trenchant wisdom, witnessed a lit-
tle domestic near-tragedy on his
hearthstone one day, and straightway
coined a very hefty saw, which has
passed down through the ages as a bril-
liant truth. “A burned dog is afraid of
the fire,” this ancient party said, and
since then folks have blindly accepted
this aphorism as one of life’s simple ver-
ities ; it has place along with “Spare
the rod” and “As the twig is bent” in
the World’s Institute of Pious Frauds.

  At this late date I rise to object.

  It depends upon the dog.

  And in some measure upon the fire.

  There is a dog of my acquaintance
named Happy, who sacrificed one eye
and a leg to an automobile; let a gaso-
line wagon approach him on the side
of his good eye, and he will give that
machine the finest exhibition of three-
legged and one-eyed defiance any dog
could put up. It was the same way with
Bethell and myself. We got badly
burned by the fire the Japanese brother
kindled in Korea at the close of the
^6A

war with Russia; yet we went right
back to it and risked a second singe.

  We were such gay dogs, you see.
And it was such a fascinating fire. In
short, wre proved the maker of that Ben
Franklin model proverb a paretic.

  Of course, tipping over the wisdom
of the ages is a foolish business. No-
body but fools, and youthful fools at
that, ever tries it. As I sit in my ten-
by-twelve apartment-house library and
wonder whether the lady in the apart-
ment below is going to put “Too Much
Mustard" or “The Rosary” on her
canned-music machine next, I am con-
vinced of the fact that when good old
Bethell and I went to the shadows of
that mournful Land of the Morning
Calm to have our second little fling at
the fire we were neither of us a good
insurance risk. A pawnbroker prints
on the back of his ticket disclaimer of
responsibility for “acts of God, fire,
flood, and the public enemy.” No ticket
would be big enough to contaiu the
jokers an insurance broker would insist
upon in case the party of the first part
planned to go to Korea and attempt to
put a spoke in the wheel of Japanese
diplomacy there.

  How we tried to kidnap the Emperor
82

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

Bugs and how “the Girl,” Bethell, and
I miserably failed when we had the old
simpleton well outside the walls of
Seoul on the road to freedom: that was
our first flirting with fire, and I pub-
lished the chronicle of it about a year
ago, as some may remember. Bethell,
the slashing, bull-headed editor of the
Korea Daily News the Japanese caught
red-handed, and they contrived to have
him sentenced by his own British con-
sul to a year’s imprisonment in Shang-
hai. He served his term, came pluckily
back to Seoul, revived his paper, and
was ready for another go at the mas-
ters of the tottering empire. I piloted
the girl to Shanghai on the yacht we
had waiting down the Han River to
convey his majesty to a Russian asylum,
and there I left her, never expecting to
see her again. Her mission, inspired by
a very clever Russian politician, had
come to naught; she was broken-
hearted.

  As for myself, I followed a fool-
hardy impulse to return to Seoul and
face the music; I went and found no
music—not even a lisping fife note.
Either the Japanese governors had not
full proof of m,y complicity in the daring
coup or, what was far more likely, they
knew everything and were willing to
bide their time until they could accom-
plish my removal from this ball of dust
quietly and practically with no pain—
just a dagger stroke in the dark. I
lived, therefore, in all the pleasurable
excitement of a wild thing surrounded
by pitfalls and spring guns, and on
nights when I went out alone I wore a
very light and strong shirt of steel mesh
under my evening dress. You might
call it a Chinese Ypsilanti, very cooling
to the nerves.

  In the summer of 1907, two years
after our abortive attempt to smuggle
old Bugs out of the country, Marquis
Ito sat supreme over the dust heap of
Seoul as resident general. Ten thou-
sand bayonets spiked down the coun-

try for Japan. All sovereignty save the
shadow of the old emperor on the
throne was sw'ept away, and he, poor
duffer, was a prisoner in his own palace.
He didn’t dare sneeze without license
from Hagiwara, his keeper.

  His imbecile son, the crown prince,
squatted among his favorites in the
women’s quarter of the palace and
played go days on end; he didn’t have
the intellectual equipment of a turnip.
The Korean ministry, a craven lot who
licked the hand that fed them, gave the
semblance of authority to whatever
measures the resident proposed. The
imperial Korean army, barracked in
Seoul, performed dreary evolutions with
rifles whose ammunition did not fit and
artillery with the breech blocks missing.
A farce, the whole sordid business, at
which the Japanese usurpers smiled in-
dulgently. When they were ready they
would ring down the curtain and stage
a new play—made in Japan.

  Aye, it was a shadow land, wherein
the shadows clotted, drew closer in
strangling grip, netted themselves like
serpents of poisonous mist over, crum-
bling pagoda tower and tottering throne
of three hundred kings.

  A day in June I rode from Chemulpo,
the port, to the capital. When the train
drew into the station at South Gate only
one white person beside myself, a
woman, stepped from the carriage. Be-
cause she was a white woman and ap-
peared to be traveling alone—an un-
usual circumstance, particularly in the
disturbed condition of the country—my
attention was attracted to her, and I
suppose it was some vague sense of
service that kept me lagging on the plat-
form to see how she was going to fare
with the hurly-burly of porters and
rickisha men. I soon saw she was not
faring well. What with the shawl rolls,
the umbrella straps, accordion baskets,
and what-not of impedimenta that mark
the English traveler and the clamorous
bids of Jap and native porters who sur-
THE GREAT CARDINAL SEAL

       i

83

rounded her, snatching at each bit of
luggage she could not actually tuck un-
der her arms, the stranger appeared
quite at her wit’s end. I hurried across
the platform, gave two of the nearest
coolies a whack with my stick, and of-
fered my services as interpreter and
cicerone.

  She turned her head and her eyes,
as they met mine, suddenly opened wide
in surprise. The lady actually jumped,
so startled was she. At the time I set
her start down to the twittering of
harassed nerves; perhaps she did not
expect to encounter one of her color
there in that welter of Orientalism. She
was such a queer old bird, anyway.
Gray-headed; no, her hair was a
streaky gray—rusty like the collar mark
on a white horse; pinched face regu-
larly plastered writh kalsomine bleach
so that when she attempted a smile it
cracked; wide mouth with lips frankly

rouged; and eyes- Well, the eyes

didn’t fit the rest of that picturesque
ruin. They were violet and sparkling
and strangely youthful against the
painted mask of cheek and hair. One
would have said the old girl had *
dropped her youth overnight through
some tragic decay of her charms, but
the ghost of what had been still sat in
her eyes. The last withered stalk of
wild aster in November with two purple
stars of blossoms looking bravely into
the face of winter; that was she. And
she was dressed to the part, with flouncy
skirt, a rather mannish traveling coat
built like the fatigue jacket of a grena-
dier, and Scotch bonnet of some rough-
ish material which sported a great auk’s
wing feather. I have seen pictures of
English “militants” who greatly re-
sembled her. A genteel English maiden
on the reticent side of forty, I set her
down; one of those self-reliant members
of the Restless Sisterhood who, failing
to bag a man in youth, devote their
spinsterhood to shooting big game in
Uganda, or measuring the heads of

Solomon Islanders, or carrying the light
of feminism to the oppressed females
of Nepal. The type is commoner in
the Far East than in our own country.

  “Ah, thank you; thank you, kind
friend!” she piped, in that peculiarly
shrill voice the fogs of England breed.
“This is quite too strange—arrd—ah—
confusing ;a welcome to Seoul. The
coolies, you know, they tear a body to
little bits unless some one intervenes.”

  She laid the tips of her fingers on
the back of the hand I had extended to
relieve her of her bundles. I would
have said the lingering touch was a bit
bold had she not been so adequately
protected against misunderstanding by
her crackleware style of beauty. As
it was, I was constrained to a quick look
into her eyes, and I thought I caught
just the fleeting of an impish spirit of
mirth there.

  “You live in this city, I take it,” the
rare old dodo hastily put in. “You can
therefore direct me to the best hotel. I
neglected to inquire about the hostel-
ries before I left Shanghai.”

  “There’s no choice, madam,” I an-
swered promptly. “One goes to Looie’s
Astor House, or sleeps on a futong at
a Jap hotel, which isn’t comfortable. I
am on my way to Looie’s, and if I can
be of any service-”

  “Very good; very good!” She ac-
cepted my offer as a matter of course,
and I summoned three rickishas.

  The stranger’s multiform luggage was
piled to the canopy top of one, I handed
her into another, gave direction to the
leading coolie, and off we started, skirt-
ing the great wall of the city. I was
mildly amused at the adventure; specu-
lated on what the men at the club would
say when the news that I had piloted
such a rare bird of passage to Looie’s
nest should come to them. Of course,
it would not be three hours before word
of the strange lady’s arrival would be
all over town, so searching and so busy
is the wireless of gossip in Seoul.
84

THE <POcPULAcR MAGAZINE

  What could this elderly female per-
son be doing alone in such a backwater
of the tides as the Korean capital?
Surely she was not a new missionary,
else she would have gone directly to the
Mission Compound on the hill. Nor a
tourist; tourists come to Seoul only
rarely, and then in batches of ten or a
dozen piloted by a Japanese Cook’s man.
A plain, unattached freak, then. Un-
doubtedly. But—and I admit most of
the ride to the Astor House was de-
voted to a consideration of the subject
—those eyes; those youthful, strangely
misplaced eyes in the kalsomined face
of faded freshness! They did not go
with the part. And somewhere—yes,
somewhere, some time-—I had encoun-
tered eyes like those—deep and untrou-
bled amethyst intaglios possessed of a
power to glow with a light all their
own like a jewel cut with a “buff top.”

  But that crazy Scotch bonnet with its
spike feather, the rakish fatigue jacket,
and the ftouncy skirt! Ah, perish the
hazy vision of amethystine eyes in some
forgotten face.

  Looie, the excitable Gaul, who pre-
sided over the blighted destiny of the
Astor House, gave me a reproachful
look, heavy with meaning, when I es-
corted my discovery into the office and
up to the register. She told him in
blunt English that she wanted his best
rate by the we.ek; she didn’t know how
long she would remain in Seoul, but
the length of her sojourn would greatly
depend upon the comforts he gave her
and the price he charged.

  “And, mind you, my good man, I
have traveled a great deal, and I jolly
well know when I am not receiving
proper worth for my money,” she
shrilled, as she put her fist to the
register.

  Looie made his most voluble guaran-
tees, and the lady was led to her room
by one of the pussy-footed native
chambermen. Looie was no less alert

than I in pouncing upon the register
to see what she had written there.

  “Theodosia Tooling, Dorsetmount,
England.”

  The scrawl, bold and masculine, of a
part with that furry Scotch bonnet and
fatigue jacket, told us nothing. Not
even a “miss” preceded the signature
to give it the softness of sex. Looie
groaned when he read it.

  “Ah zees man-oomans! Better I
should an elephant receive in my hotel.
Magnificent troobles now attend!”

  For perhaps a half hour we sat in the
deserted office listening to the banging
and bumping of Theodosia unlimbering
her luggage. She called for hot water.
She called again to protest against the
cake of geological soap on her wash-
stand. She summoned Looie to her
room to inquire if the site of his
hotel was altogether sanitary—which it
wasn't; nothing being sanitary in Seoul.
I found unholy delight in goading the
Frenchman’s volcanic anger to the ex-
ploding point. After the third response
to Theodosia’s summons Looie called
upon the twelve little Buddhas of
Mokpu to witness that he, Louis THom-
medieu Levanner, would on the mor-
row expel this sottish Englander into
the ditch. But the crowning comedy
bit came when Miss Tooling was de-
scending the stairs to enter the dining
room. The Japanese intelligence of-
ficer, who in those days was one of the
busiest adjuncts to the resident gen-
eral’s secret police, intercepted the lady
at the foot of the stairs, notebook in
hand and pencil poised. Through the
open door of the office we could catch
the whole conversation that ensued.

  “Ex-coos, kind madam—your name,
plees?”

  A very audible snort—a snort of high
dudgeon.

  “Ex-coos, kind madam; it is—neces-
sity.”

  “And why, my good man, should I
tell you my name?” icily replied Theo-
THE GPERT CA'R'DINAL SEAL

85

dosia. “Furthermore, do not address
me as ‘madam.’ It is impertinent.”
There was a sound of a sucking in of
breath—the idiotic Japanese mark of
politeness. The intelligence officer be-
gan all over again with his “Ex-coos,
dear madam.”

  “Well, my name is Theodosia Tool-
ing. I am a native of Dorsetmount,
Somersetshire, and my maternal grand-
mother’s name was-”

  “If so ,kind, plees to spell—slowly.”
The purring Japanese was unper-
turbed.

  “A very uncommon name, I grant
you!” Falling barometer and signs of
storm. “T-o-o-l-i-n-g, and the family
coat of arms is a griffin rampant with
a-”

  “And, kind madam, you have—come
from where?” Looie and I had our
arms about each other by this time; his
tears splashed on my bald spot.

  “Do you wish my whole itinerary?”
Theodosia snapped, “or shall I confine
myself to the Eastern Hemisphere?”
“From—where, kind madam?” Oh,
the sublime patience of the East!

  “You may put down Luang-Phara-
barig, Kyoukmyong, Bahawulpore. And
in Tonkin—but I’ll wait for you to
get this all very carefully down.” There
was a pause; then the unruffled little
intelligence officer began again:

  “Your bus-i-ness, plees?”

  “Landlord! Oh, landlord!” Impera-
tiveness lay in that rasping shout. The
Lady Theodosia had evidently reached
the end of her patience. Looie wiped
the tears from his eyes and bounded
into the hall.

  “Landlord, rid me of this impertinent
man !” Ah, the fine British scorn on
the rasp edge of her voice! I could see
Looie’s hands go up in expostulation;
his shoulders lift to his ears.

  “Mais non, madame! Eet ees ze law
of zees con-try to make zose. inquiries.
I am responsible for you to make an-
swer.”

  “Mumpf! Then tell this wretched
person my business is to lecture on the-
osophy—to spread the light of pure
reason in a dark world.” She said this
with a startling emphasis of finality.

  I confess her statement caught me
between wind and water. I had ex-
pected militant suffragism, Swedish
massage, or even an encyclopedia can-
vass ; but theosophy—in dead-and-
buried Korea! Looie evidently was
even more flabbergasted than I. I doubt
if he had ever heard the word before;
certainly he didn’t know its meaning.
He thrust his head into the door, and
made a frantic appeal for aid with eyes
and twisted mouth. In my security of
the office I smiled blandly back at him,
and waved my confidence in his ability
to rise to the situation.

  Just then I heard the front door bang,
and Bethell’s roaring voice:

  “What’s this; what’s this ? Uh? Oh,
at your service, madam. Name’s Beth-
el!—Bethell, of the Daily News. Just
out of jail and proud of it; but want
to warn you of my character. What’s
the row? Oh, I see. Little Question
Mark here. Jolly little beggar when
you get acquainted with him—so intel-
ligent and persevering. Knows what I
had for tiffin to-day; ask him and see.”
Miss Theodosia and Looie clamored
together, explaining to Bethell the in-
ternational difficulty that had arisen.
When finally he had grasped their
meaning he turned to the Jap and be-
gan a wonderful translation. I, under-
standing the vernacular, was convulsed
with mirth. Here is what he told little
Question Mark:

  “Mirror-of-life understanding before
and after august-putting-away to do.
Heaven-and-hell’s honorable side un-
pleasantness to put-in-the-head. Eng-
land’s honorable side knowledge every-
where teaching wishto-put-in-the-head
honorable devil and honorable god go-
making to do.”

  If that is not a stlccinct Japanese defi-
86

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

nition of theosophy teaching the lan-
guage is at fault; not Bethel!.

  The intelligence officer, half the
pages of his notebook covered with
ideographs, made his exit, the Lady
Theodosia trundled truculently into the
dining room, and sniffed loudly from
time to time during the course of her
meal. As for Bethell, he joined me at
the bar with a quizzical pucker about
his eyes.

  “I say, Billy, noble old ruin, isn’t
she ? Honor to Albion, she is; quite so.
But did you see her eyes?” The little
editor’s flushed face was all alight with
boyish interest. "Ripping; that’s what!
Girl’s eyes in an old woman’s face. ‘A
stone bearing blossoms/ as the Japs
say.”

  I did not confide in Bethell my fool-
ish superstition concerning the power
of Theodosia’s eyes to awaken half-
formed memories; he would have
laughed. But when we took our seats
in the dining room some distance away
from the table the English vixen oc-
cupied I noticed Bethell chose the seat
which gave him a view of her face, and
during the course of our discussion of
her and her outlandish mission to Seoul
he kept muttering, “Those eyes—deuced
strange.” Once he used the word
"haunting.” I chaffed him unmerci-
fully, begging him to give me an opinion
on the Scotch bonnet and the lady’s
peachblow complexion; but Bethell’s
unconscious affirmation of the strangely
reminiscent effect of Theodosia Tool-
ing’s eyes upon my own mind cloaked
the gawkish figure at the near-by table
with undoubted fascination.

  The much-traveled theosophist did
not invite closer acquaintance. Though
we three were the only ones in the din-
ing room, and she was the single woman
guest in the establishment, she pre-
served a frigid aloofness when a bend-
ing to companionship, even without the
rigid formalities of introduction, cer-
tainly wTould not have been forward of

her under the circumstances. As soon
as she had finished her meal she called
for a lamp and retired to the mystery
of echoing hallways upstairs. Bethell
and I, hard ridden by the lonesomeness
of Seoul at night—a jungle of shadows
unrelieved by a single light—went list-
lessly about our billiards on Looie’s
rickety table in the bar. We were alone
in the room, and, after nine o’clock, the
only persons stirring about the hotel.
In the dark outside prowled the night
watchman; the clinking of the little
metal rings on his staff was like the
shivering of crisp icicles. The night
was hot, and the three windows in the
bar were opened to the assorted odors
of the city.

  Perhaps it was eleven o’clock and
we were still knocking the balls about
the baize. Suddenly—"Bethell!” came
a sharp whisper at my very elbow. I
whirled in time to see a scrambling
shape of white launch itself through
the window; then there was darkness.
Bethell had blown out the lamps. An
instant of pregnant silence* there in
the dark. Bethell’s hoarse whisper
broke it:

 "You—Yong?”

  “Yes, Bethell; I’ve come.”

 "Hands here—join hands—Yong,
Billy!” I felt Bethell’s hand fumbling
for mine along the edge of the table.

  "Now—quiet!” he whispered, and he
led me and that other—that ghost shape
out of the night—around the billiard
table, through the door, and into the
hall. I heard the first tread of the
stairs creak under Bethell’s foot; then
I was mounting; a padding foot kept
pace and pace with mine. We crept
down the long corridor on the bedroom
floor and turned into a room I knew, by
the distinguishing odor of rank tobacco,
to be Bethell’s. A match scratched and
flickered and a very tiny wick in a
night lamp by the bed caught the flame.
Bethell closed and locked the door,
then took his metal match safe from
THE GREAT CARDINAL SEAL

87

his pocket, and delicately adjusted it
to even balance on the upper face of the
doorknob—an old trick of his; “putting
the combination lock on eavesdroppers/’
he called it. The lightest touch on
the outside knob would cause the match
safe to drop.

  Do I catch a smile here? Do I hear
some reader say, “Comic-opera stuff!
Enter the villain, to shivery music?”
Very well; 1 smile with you—and at
you now. In my snug five rooms and
bath, with dumb-waiter, janitor, and
canned-music perquisities, perhaps I get
your viewpoint. But back in those days
when Bethell and I fooled with matches
over the powder pit of Korea, reck-
lessly throwing ourselves into the
Koreans' cause because of Anglo-Saxon
sympathy for the under dog, we had to
play opera bouffe occasionally. Death
was as handy as whisky and soda—and
as bad.

  In the feeble light of the night lamp
I could take a survey of Bethell’s mys-
terious visitor. Even I, who knew him
well, did not instantly recognize Yong
Chi-sun—Baron Yong, he was called.
In the dirty white rags of a coolie—a
coolie of the night-soil class—the young
fellow’s identity was almost completely
hidden. Barelegged and with the ideo-
graph denoting his degraded trade on
the back of his linen shirt, his top-
knot rising from his head without the
covering of hat or band, this tall, rangy
young fellow would hardly pass as the
scion of a house ancient as the stones
of Kyeng-pok Palace.

  Baron Yong Chi-sun, eldest son of
a former prime minister under the Re-
gent Tai-Wun, held his bachelor’s de-
gree from one of the largest univer-
sities in the American Southern States,
had lived in Paris and Petersburg, was,
in short, a cosmopolite. Also he was
one of the few real Korean patriots. In
the black days of the Japanese occupa-
tion Baron Yong had first thrown his
enthusiasm with II Chin Hoi, a pa-

triotic society whose purpose was to fire
Korean resentment against the swift en-
croachment of the little men from the
neighbor islands. But when, through
the liberal use of Japanese gold, II
Chin Hoi suddenly shifted its mask
and came out as strong supporters of
the invaders, Baron Yong went ’ to
America in disgust. -

  He had but recently returned, via
Europe and the Trans-Siberian. In ten
days since his arrival in Seoul the baron
had made several ineffectual attempts
to see Bethell and myself alone, but the
vigilant espionage the Japanese kept
upon the fighting British editor as well
as himself had frustrated his plans. We
only knew, Bethell and I, that Baron
Yong had something of greatest im-
portance to tell us; that much we got
through the “wireless” of servants'
quarters.

  For all his rags, Baron Yong was
every inch the patrician as he stood,
smiling, his hands outstretched to grasp
ours. None of the doltish impassivity
of the typical Korean yangban in his
features. The high forehead of the
man bespoke intellect, and even though
his face was cast in the oval mold dis-
tinguishing the high born in die penin-
sula, the breadth between nis fine, sharp
eyes and the firm lines of nostril and
mouth negatived the effeminacy of the
type countenance. If there were more
like Baron Yong in dour Cho-sen, his-
tory would be wrritten differently to-day.

  “Dear friends,” he said, his eyes
kindling with a great enthusiasm, “I
bring you good news for Korea. A
wav out lies open to us if we can only
take it.”

  Bethell had his fingers to his lips in-
stantly, warning against the other’s
lifted voice. We drew together about
the little lamp, and there in a shadow-
splashed circle we stood while the baron
poured out his tale in scarce suppressed
whisper.

  “One way out—yes, one way out,”
88

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

he repeated. “And that's at the Court
of the World—the Hague. The con-
ference meets there in September, and
Korea must be represented. Korea
must make there her open plea to all
the world for justice—and her national
life.”

  “What’s that—what’s there !” Bethell
broke in impetuously. “The Japs per-
mit delegates from Korea to the Hague
conference? Never fear!”

  “Listen,” the young man impatiently
silenced the editor. “You know the let-
ter I carried from his majesty—car-
ried out of Korea and half across the
world in the lining of my shoe. That
letter was delivered to the proper per-
son in Petersburg, and”—-Yong named
a man so high in the secret councils
of Czar Nicholas and such a present
force in blind European diplomacy that
I must give him a pseudonym; say, the
Prince Asterisky—“and Prince Aster-
isky gave .me assurance that if Korea
had authorized delegates at the confer-
ence the czar’s agents would stand be-
hind them to the point of making an
issue of Japan’s conduct in this land.
Then the truth—the whole bitter truth
of our slow murder as an independent
nation—will come out. Japan will stand
revealed, the strangling cord in her
hands!”

  I wish I could reproduce here the
feel of that minute there in the sickly
lamplight—that fine Korean patriot,
fired with the lure of his country’s last
hope; those two white intriguers, Eng-
lishman and American, thrilling to it
as if their own country’s destinies lay
in the hollows of their hands. There
in the dark night of Korea’s existence
—under the shadow of a grandeur that
was greatest when Columbus sang a
Te Deum on San Salvador, these three
mites heard a promise of help from the
other side of the world. To their ex-
alted vision appeared the figure of a
czar bending his ear to catch the last
gasping cry for help from a nation in

the hands of the strangler. Oh, such
minutes are glorious in the dreary mo-
notony of life’s little villainies!

  “I do not know what Russia’s game
is,” continued the baron. “I do not seek
to go behind the promise. I only know
that I have the sworn word of a man
who never gives his word carelessly.”

  “True,” I put in, “but how can we
get his majesty’s proper authorization
for delegates to the Hague; how get
them out of the country under the eye
of Ito?”

  “Unless their credentials, or what-
you-call-its, bear the emperor’s signa-
ture, or his seal,” Bethell supplemented,
“the delegates might as well be armed
with pawn tickets so far as admission
to the conference goes.”

  “There’s thie big trouble,” Yong an-
swered. “It’s, kept me awake nights all
the way across Siberia. His majesty is
a prisoner in his palace under the sleep-
less eyes of Hagiwara; he is not even
allowed to see the crown prince alone.
Yet we must get to him, tell him of the
hope that lies for us at the Hague, have
him put his seal to credentials for two
men, and then-”

  “Then our troubles just begin.”
Bethell was quick to take the baron’s
speech from his mouth. “Once we have
his majesty’s great cardinal seal on
these credentials, how get the men they
authorized out of Korea? You’re
watched like a mouse, Yong; the few
others like you who would be good men
for the Hague are watched, too. If
you've got to sneak here in a coolie’s
rig how much harder to make Chemulpo
or Fusan for a steamer.”

  Silence fell on us then. The magni-
tude of the job we were ready to put
our hands to appalled us for a minute.
How could three men, all of them
watched, make through the hedge of es-
pionage the invaders had built around
the person of old Bugs—to call maj-
esty irreverently out of name; how
combat the guile of the craftiest ser-
THE G<REAT CARDINAL SEAL

89

pent in the whole Japanese nest, Hagi-
wara, the ubiquitous eyes and ears of
Ito?

  “Do you think the emperor still has
his seal?” Bethell popped the question
with his characteristic explosiveness.
“You know he’s never set the cardinal
seal to the Treaty of Protectorate, and
there’s a rumor he slipped the precious
bit of crystal out of the palace and to
some monastery back in the mountains
for safe-keeping, so he couldn’t be
forced to use it on a Jap-made docu-
ment.”

 “There’s another-” Baron Yong

checked himself as if shot. Bethell and
I felt the same congealing shock that
had stopped his lips.

  The metal match safe had dropped
from the doorknob. It struck the floor
with a sharp knock.

  Bethell acted first. He whipped a
short-barreled automatic from his coat
pocket, swept the night lamp up in his
left hand, and was at the door in a
bound. An instant he stood there, his
ear against the panel. Then he quickly
set the lamp down on the near-by edge
of the washstand, and, holding his
weapon at the hip, threw the lock, and
swung back the door with a single
movement.

  Blackness there; naught else.

  Yong and I crowded to the doorway,
and as Bethell lifted the lamp above his
head we peered up and down the hall-
way as far as the feeble radiance car-
ried. Not a sound; nor a shadow. Yet
the match safe had fallen.

  I think we looked into each other’s
eyes with a half-incredulous, half-
shamed air. Then we stepped back into
the room, and Bethell started to close
the door.

  “Hello!”

  Yong suddenly stooped, and picked
up something that lay next the door-
sill, so close to our feet that we had al-
most trodden on it. He held his find
to the light, his face all drawn into little

puckers of surprise, Bethell and I
brought our heads together over the
Korean’s hand.

  What it held was a six-inch curl of
woman’s hair. It was a rusty gray, and
at one end was the hairpin that had
skewered it to its wearer’s head.

CHAPTER II.

THEODOSIA RAMPANT; EXIT.

  How long we three stood there like
dolts gazing at that grizzled wisp of
hair I do not know. Bethell’s eyes met
mine, and a question shot between them.
She—Theodosia Tooling; that frumpy
owlet from Dorsetmount—she eaves-
dropping, and on the night of her ar-
rival? Incredible! Yet this same Theo-
dosia Tooling was the only creature un-
der Looie’s roof that night who wore
long hair—and gray hair. We couldn’t
go behind that. The evidence seemed
incontestable.	>si

  '‘We’ll look into this thing in the
morning,” Bethell grunted, as he closed
and locked the door. “There’ll be no
more listening at keyholes to-night;
that’s certain.”

  Of course, Yong could not share the
suspicion that curl of false hair had
fired in us. Nor did we reveal our
mutual conjecture. Somehow it would
have been absurd for two men wise in
the ways of the land to accuse a freaky
waif just in from the beyond of the
China coast of playing the national in-
door game so soon after her coming. I
confess, though, that when we drew our
heads together once more to plot and
plan ways for accomplishing the great
adventure Yong had outlined, that
absurd twist of hair seemed to assume
personality, and to take its place as a
fourth party to our cabal. It lay under
the night lamp where Bethell had
thrown it, and, try as I would, I could
not keep my eyes from its drab and
snaky convolutions. Everything inan-
imate is perverse in the dreary lexicon
90

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

of Korean demonology; a false curl
dropped outside a door guarding trea-
sonable conference was not an omen
of joy.

  We talked until the first streak of
dawn light on the rugged face of Puk-
han warned Yong that he would have to
flit through the wasting dark to regain
his home undetected. We saw him fling
himself over the rear wall of the hotel
compound, one with the slinking cats
in stealth; then' T went back with Beth-
ell to his room to smoke and drive at
the abattis of our problem until the
sun came. We found no gap in the
bristling hedge about the sacred person
of old Bugs; at every angle of attack
we saw eyes—the eager, watchful eyes
of the Japanese. Eyes at the doors of
the royal prisoner’s palace; eyes in the
coiled shape of the dragon on the screen
in his audience chamber; eyes frescoed
on the shoji of his bedchamber. Of all
persons in the peninsula His Majesty
Bugs was the most jsolated—one hap-
less individual under the patient scru-
tiny of threescore slant eyes. Our
single hope for a successful start on the
harebrained venture lay in the farewell
promise of Yong.

  “Unless he has been corrupted like
the others,” he said, “there is one man
still close to his majesty’s person who
may serve to carry our message through
the Japanese lines. Old Tai-Song, the
keeper of the wardrobe, has been con-
sidered harmless enough to stay in the
emperor’s household. I think I can get
word to him and gold enough to tempt
him. You will hear from me soon.”

  So, perforce, the matter rested with
us. We had but to wait in patience
while Yong burrowed into the secret
places of the palace under the suspended
Samurai sword.

  There was a matter of immediate in-
terest, however—the telltale lock of
hair, Bethell handled this in his -char-
acteristic, bull-charging way, while I,
a volunteer Greek chorus, stood ready

to carry through the action by strenu-
ous recitative if need be. The stage
was the lonely dining room of the hotel;
time, about eight-thirty a. m.

  Very red-eyed and soggy with tobacco
smoke and no sleep, Bethell and I took
our seats before the Lady Theodosia
made her entrance. We dawdled over
the marmalade and coffee until, with a
mannish tread and a defiant flapping of
her rakish auk’s wing, the little sister
of the occult flounced to her table and
took her seat with her back to us. She
did not favor us with so much as a
glance. Scorn spoke from the bony
angles of her elbows, from the nest of
watch-spring curls—veritable mates of
the curl—which bounced and waggled
at their moorings in the nape of her
neck. When he had finished with his
breakfast Bethell noisily pushed back
his chair, rose, and strode toward Theo-
dosia’s table. As he neared it he drew
from his coat pocket the coiled and
hairpin-skewered evidence of a maiden
lady’s indiscretion.

  He came to a stop by Theodosia’s el-
bow, and with a blunt little bow laid
the curl on the tablecloth by the butter
dish.

  “Miss Tooling,” he began, in his
usual throaty roar, “I believe you
dropped this—ah—article of the toilet
outside the door of my room at eleven
o’clock last night. I found it there just
half a minute after you dropped it.”

  I could see the lady’s freshly kalso-
mined cheek, the smile that wrinkled it,
as she turned her eyes to Bethell’s.
With something like a simper she an-
swered him:

  “This is—very considerate of you,
Mr,—Bethell, I think the name is. I
haven’t many of these—er—appendages,
and I imagine it would be hard to re-
place one lost in Korea.”

  Sublime innocence or sublime impu-
dence? I choked as I saw Bethell’s
jaw drop; he was so pathetically help-
less before the unexpected retort. Theo-
THE G'REAT CARDINAL SEAL

91

dosia calmly picked up the betraying
curl, and tucked it with its kin in her
coiffure. The chunky little editor glow-
ered at the twist of hair as it took its
place in the fair Tooling superstruc-
ture, then he shook his shoulders like a
challenging mastiff, and returned to the
charge:

  “I said, Miss Tooling, that I picked
up this—ah—lock near eleven o’clock
last night. Some gentlemen were in my
room at the time. We were having a
private conversation. Yet I found this
just outside my door—just below the
keyhole, in fact. Might that not be
rather embarrassing to you ?”

  This was drawing it too strong. I
was on the point of rising to pull Beth-
ell away when Theodosia answered—ah,
so sweetly.

  “It would have been embarrassing,
indeed, Mr. Bethell,” she purred, “if
you had found the—ah—lock just inside
your door.”

  Bethell whirled and fled out of the
dining room. Theodosia applied mar-
malade to a bit of toast with the least
concerned air in the world.

  “Guilty, by the Lord Harry!” my
vanquished friend stormed when I
joined him in the office. “I tell you,
Billy, that woman can afford to be
watched! She’s playing some deep
game; that's what she’s doing. Tut,
tut, there; maskee that laugh, or I’ll
proper well give you what-for!”

  Events of the next few days proved,
that watching Theodosia could well be
counted one of the pleasurably excit-
ing pastimes of Seoul-—at least, of the
foreign contingent in the capital. Not
since the invasion of Hideyoshi had
such a restless spirit coursed through
the rotting-worm tracks of the old city.
Theodosia was a veritable will-o’-the-
wisp in Scotch bonnet and fatigue
jacket One minute she would be set-
tled in the living room of the British
resident, boring the unhappy wife of
that official through and through with

theosophical shafts; the next she would
be launching her esoteric doctrines in
a machine-gun fire at the head of the
third assistant secretary to Marquis Ito
in the big residency building. Her
voice was th&t of the pelican in the wil-
derness ; it failed not from morn to
dewy eve. There was not a lady of the
legations who did not hear its high-
pitched, rasping objurgations to follow
the light; not a starred and belted baron
who did not barricade himself in his
office against the descent of this ravag-
ing Hun of pantheism. First she was
a joke; then a nuisance; then a terror.
When men came to the club for the
five-o’clock high ball they ducked into
the protecting portals with a hunted,
furtive air, and the common hail to
them from the chairs was, “Have you
met Theodosia?”

  But particularly did the Tooling
avenger haunt little Hagiwara, the boss
of the palace, and in this fact all for-
eign Seoul found great joy; Hagiwara
was not a popular person. His office
the determined British proselyter made
her favorite roost. She shouted down
all of the understrappers who would
bar her way to the Hagiwara spider
web, patiently sat under her green um-
brella on the steps of the office until
Hagiwara must either make a dash for
freedom or starve, waylaid him on his
missions to Marquis Ito’s house, pur-
sued him by rickisha, bombarded him
with accusing letters. It was a new and
bitter experience for the suave little
chief of the spy squadron. The hunter
was hunted. Whatever professional
suspicion Hagiwara may have enter-
tained as to Theodosia’s mission to
Seoul—and he was suspicious on prin-
ciple of every new white face in the
city—must have been dissipated by
growing conviction that Theodosia
Tooling was innocent of every form of
humkn frailty except insanity. It is
reasonable to suppose that Hagiwara
believed her to be some strange and ter-
92

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

rible species of British female never be-
fore seen in the Far East.

  Doubtless it was just this conviction
that led to the surprising thing. Theo-
dosia had audience with His Majesty
Bugs!

  I will always believe Hagiwara hit
upon this idea, as the most refined of all
the little cruelties he and his crew de-
vised to keep the mind of the hapless
prisoner in a constant state of terror.
Turn Theodosia loose on the emperor,
and she would do what fear of poison
and the knife had failed to accomplish;
there would be nothing remaining to
arrange but the formal obsequies.

 Whatever Hagiwara’s motive, the
fact remained that Theodosia Tooling,
of Dorsetmount, did what no foreigner
in Seoul, man or woman, had done in
nearly two years: saw and talked with
the Emperor of Korea in his palace.
And alone, so gossip buzzed through
the city, save for the necessary pres-
ence of an interpreter, a Korean. All
who marveled at her triumph felt, too,
that a distinctly Japanese trick had been
played on the old boy; there was a fine
sense of derision in thus sacrificing his
pitiful dignity to. the assaults of such a
harridan as Theodosia.

  Her audience occurred just a week to
the day from the time of her arrival.
That night Bethell sent one of his print-
ers to my house with an imperative
message that I join him at Looie’s im-
mediately. I was at my dinner when
the coolie arrived; in half an hour I was
trundling through the black streets in
my rickisha. A misty rain made the
night Stygian. I could hardly see the
bobbing head of my puller, so dense was
the darkness. Only occasionally did a
cranny of light shining through the
shutter crack of some house give proof
that I was in the heart of a city of
thousands, and not a desert in Mon-
golia. Not . half a dozen pedestrians
passed me—pale ghosts, swinging tiny
star lanterns of white-oiled paper in

their hands. On such a night one shares
with the natives the certain belief that
the tiger ghosts are abroad. “The rain
dragon can snatch a loose topknot,”
they have it.

  At the Astor House I found Bethell
in a high state -of excitement. He
dragged me into a corner of the shabby
bar before I had shaken the wet from
my coat.

  “The word from Yong/’ he hoarsely
whispered. “We’re to meet him at
eleven in the lotus pavilion of the old
palace. He sent just that message,
nothing else, by old Hi-dong, his house
slave. ‘All depends on to-nightthat’s
the way he put it. Something big—big,
Billy. *Yong must have got a message
through to the emperor. The big
scheme is moving!”

  For two restless hours Bethell and I
speculated upon what the tryst in the
old palace grounds would bring forth
as we knocked the billiard balls about
the table. Then, a little after ten
o’clock, I left the hotel, bound by a
roundabout way for the appointed meet-
ing place. Bethell was to follow, and
we were to meet at the breach in the
wall on the Puk-han side of the ancient
palace inclosure, and then proceed to-
gether through the wildwood tangle to
the lotus pavilion.

  The rendezvous Baron Yong had ap-
pointed was in the midst of the
strangest jungleT in the world—the old
Kyeng-pok Palace compound. Set in
the heart of dead Seoul are these fifty
acres of ghost walk, the hovels of the
people pressing against its walls on
three sides, and on the fourth the savage
granite of Puk-han Cliff. Behind its
barred gates decay and desolation are
locked—palace halls, pavilions, a royal
library of blue-glazed brick, a throne
hall whose steps are worn hollow by
the feet of thousands of courtiers, deer
parks, archery courts, flimsy summer-
houses, and toy bridges over fish potjds.
All—all in the ruin of neglect. The
THE GREAT CARDINAL SEAL

93

lotus flowers in scum; cats prowl
through the chambers of royal se-
raglios ; pigeons weave straws above the
ebony throne chair for their nests. Ca-
pricious majesty in the person of the
last emperor forsook Kyeng-pok when
Queen Min was hacked to death and
burned in the deer park and built him
a new palace in the far corner of the
ancient inclosure—the palace which was
to become his prison house in the black
days of the Japanese occupation.

  I went on foot from the hotel, tak-
ing the full time of an hour to skirt
the walls of Kyeng-pok to the breach.
No ghostlier sally have I made in all
my life. In the wet blackness of the
night the guarding stone lions at the
palace South Gate loomed large as mas-
todons, every uptwisted gable was a
witches’ toboggan, each square tower set
on the wall’s crest the stronghold of
fantastic archers of a dead day. I
found the breach, unchallenged, and
there crouched behind a pile of the
fallen masonry to await Bethell’s com-
ing. He splashed through the mud to
join me, and together we groped our
way through the tangle of ruins to the
lotus pavilion. This was merely an
unwalled summerhouse built on a plat-
form over a fish pond. A fancifully
gabled roof hung over it on carved pil-
lars ; a gingerbread railing of teak rose
from the floor. Oh, a dismal, ghost-
ridden place!

  Together we waited for, perhaps, half
nn hour, listening to the patter of rain
on the lotus pads and the r-r-r-rick—
r-r-r-rick of some ghoulish insect in the
rotting beams over our heads. Then the
snapping of a twig near at hand, the
noise of a foot on stone. Bethell
whistled very low. A voice out of the
dark called “Bethell?”

  Another minute and the muffled white
figure of Baron Yong stepped out on
the little causeway leading to our re-
treat. Another blurred shape followed.

 They drew nearer. Baron Yong

stepped aside, as they gained the plat-
form, with a little gesture of deference,
to permit the one accompanying him to
pass and greet us first. Curiously we
moved forward; so dark it was we al-
most had to rub noses with the stranger
to identify him.

 "Theodosia Too—Tooling! Good
Lord!”

/

  Bethell stumbled back-against me as
the exclamation leaped from his lips.

  “No, Bethell—no, Billy.” The voice
in the dark was low and infinitely sweet.
“Theodosia Tooling no longer to you,
dear friends. Just the girl—the girl
whom you helped to kidnap the em-
peror two years ago, and who failed—
with you.”

CHAPTER III.

IN THE DRAGON’S NEST.

  One who has spent twelve years west
of the one hundred and eightieth paral-
lel is supposed to be inured to shock. I
discovered that instant there in the rain-
drenched pavilion that I was not yet
surprise proof. Even when I felt the
girl’s hand in a heartening clasp and
could see dimly under the peak of the
Tooling Scotch bonnet the eyes of her
with whom I had once traveled the
treacherous path of high adventure, I
could not believe that the late Theodosia
and the girl of stirring memory were
the same.

  With one voice Bethell and I began
to put eager questions.

  “Hs-sh V she cautioned, and put her
fingers quickly upon our lips. “Another
time. We have something mc^re impor-
tant than explanations on hand. Come!”

  “But look-a-here, girl,” Bethell per-
sisted, a grieved quality in his tone.
“Why, Theodosia Tooling? Why did
you come back to Seoul and fool us
—your friends, willing to help? And
that gray curl outside my door! Why,
you spied on us; you were eavesdrop-
94

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

ping; I knew it! On us, the only people
in Korea who-”

  “Listen, Bethell; listen, Billy.” She
put her arms about our shoulders in
the way of a comrade, and drew our
heads to hers. “I was sent here by—■
by the same big man whom Baron
Yong saw in Petersburg to do what the
baron and yo,u planned to do that night
in your room at the hotel. Yong did
not know he—that big man in Peters-
burg—was sending me. I was told only
to find him here in Seoul, and act with
him. I had to come as Theodosia”—-
here she laughed a little at her own Mr.
Hyde incarnation, I imagine—“because
that was the best way. I did listen at
your door, Bethell—very clumsily, too,
J admit—and discovered you were al-
ready playing my game. So—what to
do ? Play it with you! And I have!
Now, come.”

  “What’s up?’’ I asked Yong, who had
stood a little apart from us during our
colloquy.

  “We go to meet his majesty,” the
Korean replied simply.

  Picture the strange .procession
through the midnight dark of deserted
Kyeng-pok—scuttering phantoms in the
pleasure places of long-dead kings. The
girl walked with her hand in mine for
guidance. . We did not speak, but from
her strong, confident fingers there
passed to mine the bold, full pulse of
her soul—the soul of indomitable youth,
daring all in the lead of romance.
Mercifully the dark hid the physical
mask of Theodosia Tooling. Instead
of the kalsomined cheek, the penciled
brows, the pitiful lines of waning bloom
refurbrished that made the apostle of
theosophy a dreary object in the eye of
intolerant youth, I could see in the clear
vision of remembrance the radiant
beauty ot firm, round throat and cheek
crowned by masses of hair the color of
bronzed autumn oaks. What a .sacri-
fice of her jealous feminine values the
girl had made in becoming Theodosia

Tooling of the rusted locks! And what
an artist of make-up she had proved
herself! v

  Baron Yong leading, we threaded the
wastes of deer park and courtyard until
we had come stealthily to the low wall
which bounded the small inclosure of
the new palace. Yong brought us to
an angle in the masonry where the wall
swerved to avoid a big rock, and there
we huddled together, waiting—for
what ?

  “He will come, though it is danger-
ous,” the girl whispered. “Little Hagi-
wara helped me arrange the meeting
when he admitted me to audience,
though he doesn’t know it.”

  The rain swept our faces, and a mis-
shapen pine branch above our heads
swayed back and forth in the fitful wind
like the arm of some unlaid ghost. We
were cramped, wet, horribly uncomfort-
able. Minutes dragged.

  A stone, tossed from above, fell at
our feet with a little startling sound. A
voice called softly: “Yong—Yong!”
We were on our feet in an instant.
There over the low top of the wall al-
most flush with our faces the night had
breeched two mummy shapes of white,
swathed and formless.

  “Your majesty!”

  Yong’s low exclamation in the ver-
nacular suddenly brought us to a reali-
zation of the proprieties, uncommon as
was the occasion. Bethell and I swept
off our hats, the girl bowed profoundly;
’Vong prostrated himself.

  “Hurry—hurry! Say what you have
to say before the Japanese discover his
majesty’s absence.” The command
came from the emperor’s bodyguard,
who was the faithful Tai-Song, the
loyal member of the household whom
Yong had “reached.”

  We all drew near the wall. Baron
Yong and Bethell began speaking hur-
riedly to the emperor in the court lan-
guage. From the little I understood I
knew they were putting before him in
THE G<REAT CA<R<DINAL SEAL

95

the most glowing terms the hazard of
the Hague delegates. Occasionally his
majesty interrupted with an eager treble
piping. The old fellow grew so agitated
his stuffed and padded body swayed
perkily this way and that.

  “What does he say, Bethell?” the girl
inquired eagerly. Her restlessness un-
der the handicap of the alien speech
would not let her keep silence.

  “He’s for it,’1 the editor flung over
his shoulder, then renewed his earnest
conversation in the Korean tongue. For
another minute the buzzing over the
wall was uninterrupted. Once his maj-
esty uttered a sharp exclamation in a
querulous, childish outburst, and Beth-
ell growled an abrupt oath. Then Yong
took up the burden of the argument
pleadingly. Speech between the three
flew so fast I could not follow it; I only
knew that some serious objection had
been raised by old Bugs, to which he
seemed to cleave with a mulish stub-
bornness.

   “An none !’*

  The hail, in the Japanese, popped like
a cracker in the dark beyond the wall.
Then a flash of light, dim in the back-
ground of trees behind the emperor.

  “A-a-a-ai!’’ the royal prisoner
moaned, and his head dropped below the
wall like Mr. Punch’s at the arrival
of the hangman.

  “Quick—quick !” Bethell whirled
about and grasped one of the girl’s
hands. I took the other. Yong, in the
lead, gripped Bethell’s wrist, and we
ran blunderingly away from the wall
into the bramble tangle of the old pal-
ace grounds. There was a sudden spray
of light behind us as a lantern was lifted
over the wall. We heard a gruff call
to halt, in the Japanese tongue. A
whistle trilled, and somewhere off in the
dark another answered. All the nerves
of Hagiwara’s spy guard wrere thrum-
ming to the alarm.

  As I look back at it now, that race
of ours away from the trysting place

was something like bad boys’ escape
from an orchard and a farmer with his
gun. Yes—maybe. But, also, I reflect
upon the dreary wildwood of Kyeng-
pok : how easily it would have concealed
for all time the result of a chance shot
in the dark.

  We ran I do not know how far, and
finally came to a stop under the eaves
of some crumbling building because
breath lacked. There was no sound of
pursuit; doubtless none was attempted,
the Japanese jailers being content with
catching the emperor at a forbidden as-
signation.

  It was here, as we huddled together
out of the drip of the rain, Bethell and
Yong reviewed their conversation with
the royal prisoner and told the girl and
me of the stumblingblock the old loon
had put in the path of our scheme. His
majesty welcomed with the joy of a
seasoned intriguer the project of send-
ing delegates to the Hague conference,
and on the spot commissioned Baron
Yong to be one of them and choose his
fellow delegate. But at signing his name
to their credentials old Bugs balked—■
flatly refused.

  “His majesty rightly says,” Yong ex-
plained, “that no document of state
bears his signature. It must be stamped
with the great cardinal seal, which was
the seal of Kija, first ruler over
Cho-sen.”

  “Rot!” Bethell broke in impetuously.
“The old boy’s afraid to put his hand
to the credentials, for if the Japs
grabbed them he’d be condemned by his
own signature. If the cardinal seal
alone is on ’em he can swear it was put
there without his authorization. What’s
more, he hasn’t got the seal. Says he
smuggled it out of the palace and up
to the U-cham Monastery, on Diamond
Mountain, so the Japs couldn’t force
him to use it. There you are—-no seal
no credentials; no Hague business!
Seal hidden away somewhere by a lot
96	THE POPULAR MAGJfZINB

of rooty old monks who wouldn’t give
it up if Buddha himself demanded it.”

  “Then there is but one thing to do.”
The girl bore down Bethell’s grumbling
by her calm assurance. “We will go
and get that seal.”

  “And this will open the way,” Yong
supplemented. “His majesty gave it to
®ie just as the Japanese called. His
personal luck charm!”

  From hand to hand passed the curi-
ously wrought bit of jade Yong pro-
duced. We could not see it; could only
feel the complicated involutions of that
Chinese ideograph which in Korean
fetichism represents the all-in-all of fa-
voring fortune. Old Bugs had, indeed,
made a sacrifice in giving up the luck
stone; next to the soul tablet of his fa-
ther it was his most precious warder
of harm.

  We planned, then, the trip to the
U-cham Monastery, away back in the
shadow land of the mountains two days
by chair from the railroad. We planned
at that strange hour and place because
we were together, and there was no
forecasting when at another time we
might gather unsuspected. Though
Yong and I urged against the girl’s
making the journey, she would not be
put off; she said she could not remain in
Seoul while the big adventure was
moving forward elsewhere. Bethell, it
was agreed, should not attempt to leave
the capital; he was too well known out-
side the central zone of Japanese ac-
tivity to escape detection once his ab-
sence from the city was noted by Hagi-
wara’s men. It was problematical, even,
if Yong and I could leave the walls in
canopied chairs and await the girl’s
coming at a certain point on the railroad
without being spied upon. It was a
desperate sally we were to attempt, and
the chances of success were ten to one
against us; we knew that. But we had
the emperor’s luck stone to confound
the thousand devils of Japanese inter-
ference and the smiling god, youth, un-

calculating servitor of romance, was
nudging our elbows.

  So, under the dripping eaves of
Kyeng-pok we perfected the details of
our raid on the great cardinal seal, and
after a handgrip all around we parted
to pick our way severally—except that
I piloted the girl—out of the labyrinth
of moldering grandeur to the safety of
familiar roofs. So finished a night that
even now flashes in memory like the
blinding wThite beam of a searchlight in
the dark.

  “The mother of all the dragons
suckles her young in Keum-kang San,”
says a Korean legend. And a dragon’s
nest it is, this spinous cluster of peaks
called by the foreigner Diamond Moun-
tain. Fantastic as the painted moun-
tains on a Chinese screen, all needle
spires, black gorges, and mist-shrouded
pines, the Keum-kang San shelters a
community of men no less bizarre than
the monstrosities of nature surrounding
them—the Buddhist monks and acolytes
of U-cham Sa, largest of the few re-
maining monasteries in Korea. They
are the decadent remnant of what was
once the national faith—the flotsam
marking the high tide of Buddhism in
northeastern Asia,

  Here in the aisles of the mountains
great bells, forged when the Crusaders
were before Jerusalem, still send out
their booming calls to prayer thrice in
the day’s round; the sun’s rays drop
through a slit in the mountain wall to
illumine the placid face of a Buddha sit-
ting in bas-relief against the age-gray
mother rock; strange carven toadstools
stand over the graves of abbots who
died no man remembers when. Only
the shadow of the Great Teacher lin-
gers at U-cham; the votaries mingle
exorcisms of demons with their mum-
bled Sanskrit prayers. Buddha is far,
far away, but the ferocious spirits of
mountain crag and blasted pine very
near.
THE GREAT CA<R<DIN'AL SEAL

97

  Seoul lay three days behind us, and
we three—the girl, Yong, and myself—
found ourselves in the heavy fist of
Keum-kang San at the third setting of
the sun. She in a rough mountain
chair, hoisted on the shoulders of sturdy
coolies, Yong and I following on foot,
we traveled in a land raw and crude as
on the world’s first day. The trail led
through the black gap of a gorge, back
and forth over a thundering torrent
bridged by tottering planks.

  As the light gradually failed the bleak
sides of the canon closed in on us like
a dungeon’s steel walls; against the
orange blue of the sky stunted pines on
the gorge rim opposed affrighted hands
to the approach of night; the narrow
vault hummed wTith the steady diapason
of tumbling water. It was a time and
place of terror, vague, unsettled.

  We walked in the precincts of the
gods of primordial things. Yong, the
bachelor of letters, the cosmopolite,
strode silently by my shoulder, his face
grave and fixed under an effort of will.
Once I caught the look in his eyes and
matched it with the fear that widened
the eyes of the nearest chair coolie.
Through all the veneer of travel and
study the Korean nature of the man was
pushing into the ascendency.

  It was dusk when we emerged upon a
little plateau. Over the softer voice of
the torrent came to us the throb-throb-
throb of a great bell somewhere ahead
in the graying valley. The heavy bell
note was answered by others; the gath-
ering dark pulsed with the beat of wood
on metal. Yet not a light ahead, not a
sign of human habitation. The wilder-
ness had suddenly become vocal. We
passed through an ancient burial place.
About us strange tumuli lifted them-
selves in the shadows; rock lanterns and
mushroom growths leaned drunkenly
this way and that. Still the booming
of the bells. Spirit bells, ringing the
requiem of the ancient dead!

  Suddenly we came upon U-cham Sa

C7A

—a sprawling blot of temple, pagoda,
and bell tower against the lighter dark.
Little lights pricked out here and there.
The glowing of great hidden lanterns
cut the porch pillars of a shrine out of
the night. We heard the intoning of
many voices. The chair coolies began
to croon a labor song and quickened
their step. We were out of the grip
of goblins at last and on sanctified
ground.

  Our coming tQ the great monastery
made a considerable stir. When the
evening chanting was finished:—a serv-
ice we bided in the shadows of the
largest temple—fully a hundred shave-
polls gathered about us, chattering ex-
citedly, and we were conducted into the
presence of the Chong-sop, or abbot.
He was a man of benevolent counte-
nance, paunchy and good-humored. He
received us in a bare, vaulted room of
stone and hewn wood, at one end of
which sat on a dais a dingy Buddha,
gazing with placid lacquered eyes upon
two smoky dishes of burning oil at his
knees.

  The open door through which we
passed instantly became crowded with
jostling priests and novitiates, fighting
for opportunity to feast their eyes on
the strange sight of a foreign woman.
The presence of the -curious ones,
which seemed to disturb the abbot not
at all, made it impossible for Yong to
state our mission. He had to invent,
on the moment, some specious fabrica-
tion about our being travelers who had
undertaken the difficulties of the road
for a view of the wonders of U-cham.
Though we sat with the reverend abbot
for many hours, balanced on the un-
comfortable narrow benches, and Yong
talked with him interminably, the vigil
at the door did not abate.

 “You must remember,” Yong an-
swered the girl, when she interjected an
impatient protest against delay, “you
are in the one place in the universe
98

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

where the word 'hurry' does not exist.
Time moves like a tortoise here.”

  The evening was wasted—uncomfort-
ably wasted. In the end the abbot’s
tardy sense of hospitality overcame his
garrulity, and we were shown our
sleeping quarters—narrow cells with a
pallet of rushes in each; clean, how-
ever. At the door of her stone box the
girl paused to give me good night.

  “Billy,” she said, and there was a lit-
tle quaver of nerves and fatigue in her
voice, “I—somehow feel as if—as if

- Oh, I’d rather be fighting Hagi-

wara in Seoul than trying to bore into
the—the blind something here! This
is not our world. I—Fm afraid we'll
—fail.”

  I took those words to my rushes with
me. It was strange, nerve-straining,
thus to hear from one who faced every
hazard without flinching such a con-
fession of doubt.

  With the sun came new hope. After
a strictly Buddhistic breakfast of
strained honey and pine nuts, supple-
mented by tinned biscuits which the girl
in a moment of saving inspiration had
added to her traveling bag, we met the
abbot. This time, through Yong’s
clever contrivance, alone.

  Never again, I hope, will I have to
sit in such a place of horrors as that the
abbot chose for this morning s audience.
It was the Temple of the Ten Judges,
the magistrates who hold the woolsack
under the dominion of the Lord of
Buddhistic Hell and pass judgment
upon the human chaff whirled down to
them on the wind of death. The
interior of the temple, smoke-blackened
by the candles of thousands of votaries
and hung with sable gonfalons of silk,
like drooping bats’ wings, wTas dim and
shadow-haunted. The only spots of
light were those cast by the flickering
tapers and the dull-red eyes of the cen-
sers ranged on the shrines of the ten
wooden idols.

  It was when one stood before a shrine

and caught by the flutter of light the
outlines of the mural paintings behind it
that the chills w’ere spine breaking. For
there, in heavy reds, oranges, and blues,
were depicted the ingenious tortures of
damned souls in torment—ferocity
passing belief. As the flames of the
candles waxed and waned the mouths
of the victims opened and shut in
spasms, the eyes of devils gloated, fires
in the pictured purgatory leaped and
died. Over the whole interior—musty
judges, swaying black banners, hell fires
■—brooded a sullen spirit of malevo-
lence.

  It was the abbot’s favorite roost.

  In Yong’s eyes, as we took our places
cross-legged on the mats, I saw the same
strained look of mastered terror I had
observed in the gorge the evening be-
fore. Somehow the man’s structure of
foreign culture seemed to be crumbling,
bit by bit; I do not know what told me
this, unless it was the look in his eyes
and a certain loosening of the corners
of his mouth. Reliance and self-confi-
dence appeared to be sloughing away
from our friend here in this dim moun-
tain fastness of the unseen.

  The girl beside me, her fascinated
gaze wandering from one pregnant cor-
ner of shadows to another, I bent all
my attention at trying to master the
sense of what passed between Baron
Yong and the Chong-sop. After a
lengthy introduction, in which the Seoul
patriot tried to give the priest an idea
of the swift political changes going on
in the capital, he came down to the
object of our mission. The reverend
master of the monastery listened with
close attention, his face bare of the least
flicker of emotion, until Yong brought
out a silk handkerchief from beneath
his linen outer coat, untwisted it, and
displayed the emperor’s luck stone—the
carved ideograph of moss-green jade.
Then up went the eyebrows of his rev-
erence ; he sucked in his breath with a
whistling sound.
THE GREAT CARDINAL SEAL

99

  “A command to you from the Heaven
born,” Yong said. “He sends his stone
of fortune to bring back to the palace
the great cardinal seal of his ancestors/’

  The monk sat in silence for a minute,
then scrambled to his sandaled feet, and
shuffled away into the gloom. We heard
the hinge of a door creak, a boarcl crack,
and then we were alone. None spoke.
The spell of the grim place was on
us all.

  Back padded the abbot, in his hands
a bundle wrapped about by purple silk.
He eased himself to the mats with a
little groan, and then as he fumbled at
the knots of silk he began mumbling
some jargon of ritual. All of us leaned
forward expectantly. The fat hands
were an interminable time untying the
silk. When the wrapping fell a small
silver niello-work casket was revealed.
Twice the monk started to open the
casket’s top and twice his hand hovered
uncertainly over the catch. His intoned
prayer became of stronger timbre. His
little eyes rolled excitedly. At last he
turned the hasp ,and threw back the
cover.

  A square ray of limpid light leaped
from the silk-upholstered interior. It
came from a carved block of clearest
crystal quartz—an oblong tablet with a
ramping Chinese lion-dog surmounting
it as a handle. Through the clear
depths of the crystal block the red-
crusted involutions of ideographs on
its stamping face could be seen.

  The great cardinal seal; royalty’s
stamp of authority since Korea was
born a nation from the mists of
legend!

CHAPTER IV.

A FOX JUGGLES WITH DESTINY.

  Not until I came to reflect upon it in
the light of subsequent events did I
find full explanation of Yong’s curious
conduct the minute of the great seal’s
uncovering. For an instant he sat in
petrified awe, as did all of us for that

 matter, so compelling was the pure
 beauty of the ancient relic; then he sud-
 denly bent forward on his knees as if
 to prostrate himself. He checked him-
 self midway of the sweeping gesture,
 ' his face flushed and his eyes dropped
 as if in shame at the impulse of rever-
 ence. Of course, I thought at the time,
 a patriotic Korean would feel a sense
 of veneration at sight of this instru-
 ment of hoary royalty, just as an Eng-
 lishman looking through the cage at
 the crown jewels in the Tower of Lon-
 don might thrill before the scepter of
 Edward the Confessor; but Yong’s in-
 voluntary act was different. Again the
 native in him flashed to the surface—■
 the blind, unreasoning fetishism of the
 Korean.

   It was the girl who broke the awk-
 ward silence:

   “Well, now that we have it we had
 better start at once for Seoul.”

   Yong stammered something in the
 Korean which I could not catch. In-
 stantly the abbot with a quick, protec-
 tive gesture slammed shut the lid of the
 casket and gathered it under his arm.
 His face was scowling. He muttered
 some reply to Yong.

   “The abbot says,” Yong interpreted,
 “that, of course, we cannot move the
 great seal from U-cham until the proper
 prayers have been said and the signs
 have been consulted to determine a
 propitious day for its departure.”
 “What folly!” The girl broke in
 scornfully. “A bit of carved quartz!”
 Here his reverence interrupted with
 a veritable torrent of words, out of
 which I picked, “bad luck,” “improper,”
 “impious.” Yong listened respectfully.

   “You may not understand/’ he ex-
 plained, when the abbot had finished,
 “that this ‘bit of carved quartz,’ as you
 call it, is a holy relic in the eyes of
 the monks here. In it lie the spirits of
 all the old kings ^whose hands were set
 to it from the dim past to the present.
 I—I—maybe I do not make myself
100

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

clear. When his majesty secretly sent
this seal up here it was placed before
the shrine of his majesty’s ancestors—
became a part of that shrine. It can-
not be moved until the monks have a
sign from the spirits of the dead kings,
permitting its removal. Even in the
face of a living emperor’s demands it
cannot be moved until then.”

  “How long will it take them to get
this message from the beyond?’’ I
asked, striving to mask my impatience.

  “There must be a period of fasting, I
presume,” the baron answered. “And
then they will begin to look for favor-
able signs in the rocks—the trees—

everywhere. Of course-”

  “Baron Yong,” the girl sternly took
him up, “do you believe in all this
mumbo-jumbo business ?”

  A deprecatory smile quickly passed
over the patrician features; his hands
fluttered to his lips.

  “Oh, no; of course not! You must
remember I do not believe in anything”
—this with a conscious air of cynicism.
“But, of course—I told you time means
nothing to these people—the customs of
the country, you know—must be obeyed
—1 suppose.”

  He finished very lamely with a nerv-
ous little laugh.

  “But have you explained the neces-
sity of quick action?” I asked. “The
Hague conference convenes in Septem-
ber ; this is July; we are on the oppo-
site side of the world, and even with the
seal in our possession much remains to
be done before you start with your cre-
dentials. Come, man; you forget the
destiny of a whole people hangs on our
success!”

  Again Yong loosed a volley of argu-
ment at the Chong-sop. He sat like an
aged tortoise, his brown, shaven head
thrust a little way out from his shoul-
ders, his eyes narrowed to mere slits in
the wrinkled, flabby face. The apotheo-
sis of the unruffled, unhurrying East!
When Yong finished, the old boy merely

shook his head and smiled, then scram-
bled to his feet, and, the sacred casket
under his arm, pattered away into the
gloom. He did not return. We waited
there in that hall of horrors for long
minutes, none speaking. Yong sat with
hands folded across his knees, his face
placid. There was something of the
Buddha in his pose. The bells began to
boom then—a dozen—a score. They
roared and moaned and tinkled in every
register; the mountains threw back their
voices in a jumbled echo. Somewhere
out 111 the sunlight beyond the stern
judges of hell and the fires of torment,
rose a dreary unison chant of men’s
voices:

      “Namu—Namu, Amida Butsu.

      Na Mu Ami Tabu.”

   “Oh, I must get out of this!”

  The girl jumped to her feet with the
strangled cry, and ran for the temple
porch. I followed. Yong still sat,
hands folded on his knees, amid the
ghastly crew of the Inferno.

  We walked together, she and I, out
into the drenching sunlight under the
giant cedars. Past the huddle of tem-
ples and cell houses, past the tottering
headstones in the burial ground, on and
on into the primitive wilderness we
went until the voices of the bells were
softened to silvery music and the chant
was a drone. Ahead of us and on either
hand the crags leaped up to smash holes
through the solid blue vault of the sky,
pink and gray spires of splintered gran-
ite. The pines lay thick on the slopes
like heavy rugs. Foaming, leaping,
twisting snakily among the bowlders,
roared the stream; liquid jade.

  We were two alone in the desert gar-
den of the mountains. And the girl was
. gloriously a part of the wild beauty of
the place. No longer the pinched and
kalsomined cheeks of the harridan
Theodosia, the dowdy curls, the frump-
ery grenadier’s packet. Instead the
bloom of youth on rounded cheek and
throat, lips untouched by art, brow un-
THE G<REAT CA<R<DINAL SEAL

101

harrowed by lines. The bronze-gold
hair I knew to lie beneath the stain of
gray was, indeed, unrestored; but even
the gray masses, parted simply over the
brows, accented the youth and fresh-
ness of the face beneath. Her eyes—
those sparkling eyes which had wrought
such strange reminiscences in me the
day I met Theodosia at the South
Gate station—were now clouded with
anxiety.

  “Ah, Billy,” she said, as we found a
seat in a circlet of nodding wild flowers,
“I’m afraid we are fighting an unmov-
able obstacle—battering our heads
against the eternal do-nothingness of
the East. As well try to move that
bowlder with a toothpick.”

  “If they’d only give us a handle
against them,” I complained. “Oppose
us in the way white men do. But, no;
‘what is, is.’ ”

  “And Yong,” she added. “Yong, the
bachelor of letters—Yong, the world
citizen familiar with the boulevards and
the cafes chantants—our sturdy patriot;
Billy, he’s going back! He’s slipping—
slipping into the Korean again! Did
you catch his attitude there where we
left him? Buddha—Buddha of the ten
thousand years’ contemplation. Billy,
we’re alone—alone here in the garret
of the world with nobody around but
unpleasant ghosts who—si-sing horrid
chants.”

  She faltered, and the droop of her
shoulders was eloquent. I tried to
rally her spirits. Yong, I reassured her,
was all right; he would find a way to
cajole the abbot into giving up the seal
without all the palaver with the spooks.
It was natural he should feel the spell
of U-cham differently than we did;
mysticism and the fear of the unseen
were born in his blood. All he needed
was a little prodding; I would wield the
goad.

  “Why do I do these things, my
friend?” She turned her eyes to mine;
they were filled with seriousness. “Why

do I, a woman with all a woman’s in-
stincts for—*-for domesticity—a home—
soft comforts—why do I come to a land
the world’s forgot to play the part of
interloper? Why did I come here two
years ago and lead you, Billy, and Beth-
ell to risk your lives helping to get a
stuffy old monarch from Seoul to
Shanghai? One night I am stumbling
in the ruins of Kyeng-pok here in
Korea; the next I may be trying to
make a Japanese secretary of legation
in Berlin fall in love with me over a
dinner table so I may steal his secrets.
The Japanese have a fairy tale about
a fox woman, who changes her form
to do mischief in the dark. I am a fox
woman—nothing less.”

  “Girl, it’s because you are you; that’s
all.” Maybe she did not realize that I
had her hands in mine, and, as I knew
full well, all my clumsy tongue refused
to utter was said by my eyes. Maybe
she did not realize; I dared to think
maybe she wished it so.

  “It is youth—the youth that dares
the world to keep romance hidden from
it, to deny adventure. Youth is crea-
tion’s masterpiece; but it passes, and
then-”

  Ah, well, I am not going to put on a ■
page for every eye to read all that we
said there in that little glade of wild
flowers. Enough to say that the half
promise the girl made that day, that if

ever she really could be Mrs.- Well,

she didn’t keep it.

  I will leave blank the three exasperat-
ing days of inaction that followed and
hurry on to the events of the surpris-
ing fourth. Yong, who showed strange
variableness of character, blowing hot
and cold in alternate moods, I roweled
unmercifully. For hours at a time he
and I walked the mountain paths, I con-
juring him by all the dumb mouths of
Korea’s helpless millions to cut the knot
of tomfoolery binding the seal and take
it away at once. We could not stay on
at U-cham indefinitely awaiting the fa-
102

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

vorable sign of the spirits. Even added
day of our absence from Seoul meant
that the Japanese spies must inevitably
trace us to the mountains and guess
our purpose. I tried to- shame the man
with his superstitious compliance with
the abbot’s dictum; asked him if he
feared the pursuit of vengeful ghosts if
he should lay violent hands on a piece
of carved rock crystal. At times Yong
would flare into anger at my charge
that he had become the slave of Korean
shamanism; the next minute he would
be dodging and ducking with silly ex-
cuses against disturbing the custom of
the- land.

  On the third night of our inaction
Yong drew me aside after we had left
our very aesthetic evening meal in the
refectory. He showed signs of great
agitation.

 “To-morrow—at dawn—we go away
from here!” he said. “While the monks
are at the five-o’clock prayer service
we will slip out. The girl’s chair will
be waiting at the graveyard.”

  “That means we take the seal with
us,” I sternly answered.

  “Yes—yes! I know where it lies in
the casket on the shrine of the dead
kings. I will get it some time to-night.”

  “But the abbot,” I objected. “He’ll
be furious. We can’t go faster than
the chair coolies. In case of pursuit

  “Beyond the graveyard they cannot
pursue/’ Yong whispered. “It is a law
of the monastery. Only the begging
U-cham, and they only at certain
times.”

  Yong was very white and shaky, but
I was convinced he had come to the
sticking point. We said no more about
the morrow’s flight.

  That night after the evening prayer
we went to visit the abbot in his cell.
While the girl and I sat on our feet
and blinked like chessy cats Yong car-
ried on the conversation for us by
proxy. His reverence exuded urbanity.

He told us no less than thirty monks
had begun the propitiatory fast in an-
ticipation of asking the spirits of the
dead kings for a favorable sign; within
a month, at the most, he thought every-
thing would be right and the seal could
go to Seoul. In the meantime the hos-
pitality of U-cham was freely ours.

  I slept little that night, and before dawn
I had slipped out of my narrow cell and
roused the girl, who occupied a some-
what more pretentious apartment in the
government guest house. We waited in
the deserted halls of the guest house
until the jangle of the bells summoned
all of the inhabitants of U-cham to the
great Hall of the Four Sages for prayer.
Then we stole furtively through the half
light of the morning down past the ter-
rible Temple of the Ten Judges, and
to the green mounds of the burial place.
The chair coolies were there waiting.
Also Yong.

  I really felt sorry for the man when
I first saw his ashen face. His lips
were blue, his eyes roved; the whole
aspect of him was one of abysmal ter-
ror. I asked him if he had the seal.
His lips would not move to answer, but
he held up his silk handkerchief. A
square object was knotted in it. I of-
fered to take it from him, but he shook
his head and clutched the precious seal
closer to his breast. I suppose he felt
the responsibility for it should rest
solely with him since he had stolen it
from the shrine of the kings.

  The girl hopped into her chair, her
eyes alight with happiness. I gave the
order, and the coolies started forward
on a dogtrot. In our ears was the
never-ending “namu—namu” and the
clashing of the bells. U-cham dropped
back into the mists of morning.

  Yong and I started together at a
swift pace, following the bare feet of
the coolies over the narrow, tortuous
trail. He said not a word, but his lips
moved constantly as if repeating some
exorcism of the devil’s. The hand that
THE G<REAT CA<R<DINAL SEAL

103

gripped the ends of the knotted hand-
kerchief, wherein reposed the seal, was
pressed against his heart; the knuckles
were whitened under the flexure. The
trail led down past the Pools of the
Three Dragons, three boiling caldrons
of white water into which the stream
drops with the fall of a mortar shell.
According to U-cham legend, it was
here the fifty-three Buddhists from
India who introduced their religion into
Korea met and overcame three dragons
who lived in deep dens, and, vanquish-
ing them, caused water to flow into their
holes to drown them forever. The
drowning potentialities of the pools, at
least, are patent, whatever the truth
about the unwise dragons. They fairly
smoke.

  The girl’s chair had drawn abreast
of the first pool; Yong and I walked
beside it. Just as the trail turned to
skirt the edge of the second there was
a flash of red against the rocks ahead
as a fox ran from the bushes almost
under our feet. He gave a sharp bark
of surprise, and disappeared. -

  An unearthly yell at my elbow!

  I turned to see Yong staggering back
as if a bullet had bored his breast. His
eyes started from his head. His opened
mouth was-cavernous. The fingers of
his free hand clawed the air. A ter-
rible mask of abject horror!

  An instant he stood frozen thus.
Then he shrieked aloud. The hand that
gripped the silk-wrapped seal suddenly
lifted above his head; flew outward.

  A -square bulk of purple silk soared
in the air, caught the sun for a quarter
second, then dropped squarely in the
midst of the white froth on the dragon’s
pool.

  The great cardinal seal, relic of three
hundred kings, disappeared from the
sight of man for all time.

  Almost before the foam swallowed
the precious crystal Yong had whirled
in his tracks and was racing back over

the trail to U-cham—and the world of
living ghosts. Baron Yong, once the
cosmospolite and scholar, but always the
Korean, was fleeing the outraged spirits
of kings that spoke through the mouth
of a fox.

  “Ai—ai—ai-yah-h-h-h-h!” We heard
his retreating cry diminish, sink to a
whisper, cease.

  What remains to.be written?

  Ah, little! The world cares naught
for explanations about defeat. It is
only the successful who bulk big in the
world’s eyes. W'hat the history of
Korea might have been—what the
shadow land might be to-day if the
great cardinal seal had not plunged into
the throat of the dragon at Keum-kang
San I do not venture to guess. Perhaps
—perhaps the hazard that youth seized
would have repaid something for the
good of a stricken nation.

  As for youth’s votaries in this little
comedy of the ultimate East, the girl
did not even return to Seoul; she kissed
me as the train was pulling out of Kai-
song for the Yalu boundary and the
great beyond. Now she ventures no
more on the rainbow trail; I know be-
cause I have a little snapshot picture
of her villa garden near London, and
her tw'o fine boys stand with her in the
rose arbor. Bethell? Well, he slashed
and cut at inevitable destiny until Death
put a hand on his pen and he lies some-
where under black cedars where the
walls of Seoul climb the heights of Puk-
han. Baron Yong is not of the world,
either, for his head is tonsured, and at
dawn, when all the bells of U-cham fling
their clangorous voices against the
mountains, he stands before the shrine
of three hundred kings and chants:
“Namu—Namu, Amida Butsu.”

  Myself? Why, bless your soul, I
have five rooms and bath right on the
main perambulator track of Brooklyn.
High Art and the Low Brows

                       Bv Henry Carr

j.l

A short story you are going to talk about. The limelight Is on a prize
j; fighter, but in the lesser light Is a hlgh-brow critic who will capture as
much of your attention, a man whose muscle had never been tested but
| whose criticism weakened the pugilist as no strong-armed opponent had
ever done.

IT was dinner time at the training
camp where Bunch Dorgan was
getting ready to defend the feath-
erweight championship of the
world from the assaults of a tow-
headed Swede from St. Paul.

  It was not the coming battle for the
championship that weighed on the
champion’s mind, however. He was
watching Moose Seigel, his trainer.
Moose was engaged in shoveling green
peas into his mouth with a steel knife.
He was attacking the difficult feat with
such earnest concentration that his
breath came hard. His face was low-
ered to a strategic position about a
foot above his plate and the execution
was appalling.

  “Moose,” said the champion at last,
“I'll have to hand it to you ; you're some
sword swallower.”

  Moose looked up with an embarrassed
grin and said, “Yeh.” Moose’s grin
was in itself a remarkable product. At
one time he had tried to be a boxer,
and there was a gap in the bow of the
boat where his front teeth should have
been.

  “Moose,” said the champion medita-
tively, “I’m going to send you out to
my ranch for a while.”

  “After the fight?” said Moose.

  “No—before the fight—right now—
this afternoon.”

  Moose dropped the knife with a clat-
ter to his plate. “What's the matter
wit’ you ; are you crazy ?” he demanded.

  “Oh, kinda crazy,” said the champion
cheerfully.

  “Ain’t there goin’ to be no fight?”
asked Moose, in alarm.

  “Sure there’ll be a fight!”

  “Then who's goin’ to train you fer
it? Say, what’s the matter with you?”
Moose had half risen from his chair
in his anxiety.

  “Keep your shirt on!” said the cham-
pion coolly. “There ain’t nothing the
matter wit* me. My brother Artie’s
coming down from college to stay wit’
me while I’m training for this fight,
and if he saw you swallering the table
knives he'd faint.”

  Bunch turned with a sort of fierce-
ness on the table lined with trainers,
rubbers, and preliminary boys. “I
want to tell you right here and now
that no rough stuff goes when Artie
gets here. Do you get me? If any of
youse guys pulls off any rough stuff
around here I’ll punch a hole through
you. The first guy that tries to pull
any off-color stories takes up his traps
and walks—see? I ain’t very strong
HIGH ART J1N<D THE LOW <B<ROWS

105

for them myself, but Artie’s a high-
brow, and nothing like that goes wit’
him.”

  “Does Artie wear a wrist watch?”
asked Moose sourly.

  “No; he don’t wear no wrist watch
and he don’t wear no coon diamonds,
either.”

  Moose hastily pulled down a hairy
paw adorned with a suspiciously lack-
luster jewel, and they left the table.

  That afternoon Moose departed for
the ranch. About an hour after, Artie
arrived. Artie was a pale, timid boy.
whose gentle, blue eyes looked out
through thick spectaclcs. He had come
down from college to work out with
the champion because he was breaking
down from overstudy, and thought the
exercise might be mediciue for him.

  It hurt Bunch to see Artie’s thin
shoulders and his hollow, flat chest
when they stripped that afternoon.

  “Don’t be afraid; hit me hard; go
on, hit me,” said Bunch, when they put
on the gloves in the afternoon.

  “I’m hitting you as hard as I can,”
gasped Artie, flinging another butterfly
antenna at his brother’s tin ear.

  Bunch confided his troubles to one
of the sporting reporters. “I got to
have some guy that will give me a real
work-out; Artie couldn’t get a two
weeks’ old baby into a sweat; but the
sight of old Moose or any of these
roughneck sparring partners -would kill
Artie dead. He’s a highbrow.”

  “I know just the fellow for you,”
said the sporting reporter. “Wait and
I’ll telephone for him.”

  “Who is he ?” asked the champion
suspiciously.

  “Jimmy Krantz.”

  “Who’s Timmy Krantz? Who did he
fight?” .

  “Don’t you know Jimmy Krantz?
He’s a big swell. His old man is a
millionaire. But Jimmy’s a nut on box-
ing. He’s sore because he can’t be
a fighter. Didn’t you read in the pa-

pers how he and that British army
officer had a ten-round go at one of the
country clubs last summer. Jimmy
knocked him cold. You must know
him; he says he knows you.”

  “I never pay no attention to them
amateurs, but bring him if he can stand
the gaff,” said Bunch.

  The next morning, Bunch Dorgan’s
new training partner arrived in a
twelve-thousand-dollar racing car.

  Tames Warren Hereford Krantz was
a young man bearing up under the bur-
den of a secret sorrow. He felt that
Destiny had dealt him a ruthless blow
in planting him in the Krantz family as
the only son and heir, with a lot of
steamships and banana plantations to
bother about, when it might just as well
have let him be champion of the world.

  James had a punch in either hand, and
the beginning of a cauliflower ear. He
had been expelled from three aristo-
cratic boys' schools for fighting, and the
faculty of his university had lately in-
timated that the dignity of the institu-
tion had not been increased by having
Jimmy appear, stripped to the waist and
flapping a wet towel, as the second of
Ad Wolgast.

  It was a tradition of the Krantz
family that the eldest son of each gen-
eration should add to the famous
Krantz art collection. The prospects
seemed bright that Jimmy would add to
that distinguished galaxy the auto-
graphed photograph of every prize
fighter in the ring. Jimmy also owned
a wonderful collection of sweaters that
had adorned the persons of famous
fighters at crucial periods of their
careers.

  Bunch welcomed him at once as a
kindred spirit, and, as Jimmy turned
out to be a classmate of Artie’s at col-
lege, the addition to the camp seemed
to be a happy one. Both Jimmy and
Bunch stood a little in awe of Artie.

  One day as they were trotting along
a country road, muffled up in sweaters,
106

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Bunch opened his heart to the scion of
the Krantz family.

  “Jimmy,” he said, “did you ever hear
of a newspaper guy named Cabot?”

  Jimmy gave a grunt that might have
meant anything, and trotted manfully
on.

  “He writes fer the Evening Star”
continued the champion. “Artie’s a nut
about that paper. He reads it all the
time, and I guess he says his prayers
to this guy Cabot. I tried to read it,
but it’s too highbrow for me. Darnest
paper I ever seen. Why, it don’t have
no sporting department! I can’t under-
stand half the words this Cabot guy
writes.”

  James Warren Hereford Krantz ran
on in silence—a silence that was the
silence of shame. He owned the Star.

  Several times after that he noticed
the champion making a painful effort to
read the Star; but he always tossed it
away in disgust. It was a new bond
of sympathy between them. The Star
was a great source of mortification to
Jimmy. It had been presented to him
with the idea that it would “steady”
him. The Star would steady nearly
anything. The Star was the kind of
paper delivered at the doors of the re-
spectable rich. _ Its policy was a set-
tled horror of split infinitives, and it
spoke severely of the restlessness of the
working classes.

  The dramatic editor of the Star was
William Ellington Cabot, who, Artie
said, was the dean of American let-
ters.

  “What does that dean stuff mean ?”
asked Bunch of Jimmy Krantz.

  “I guess it means that he is a kind
of champion among the highbrows,”
replied Jimmy, in a strained voice. He
was anxious to conceal the shameful
fact that he owned a newspaper with-
out a sporting department.

  “Well, he must be a bear, all right,”
said the champion respectfully, “Artie
says he is.”

  In the midst of their training, Bunch
was asked to appear at a benefit for
the survivors of a shipwreck or a fire
or something. They left Artie at the
camp, and Bunch went a couple of
rounds with Jimmy Krantz. It would
have hurt Bunch’s pride a good deal
had he realized that the millionaire
sparring partner was the real attrac-
tion. They were sandwiched in between
a scene from a Shakespearian revival
and Miss Billie Burke. To Bunch it
was a nuisance and a bore.

  When they got home, Artie met them
at the door of the camp. His face was
white and set. “I—I guess I’ll go back
to college,” he faltered. They saw that
his suit case was packed and standing
beside him.

  “What’s the matter?” asked Bunch,
in alarm. Artie silently held out a copy
of the Star.

  Bunch took the paper and sat down
fearfully on the edge of the porch.
Jimmy, always a tactful boy, went on
into the house, leaving the two brothers
alone. When he came out, Bunch
looked as white and shaky as Artie.

  Bunch looked up as Jimmy came out
and said, in a low, shamed voice: “You
telephone that Swede that there ain’t
going to be no fight. I’ll pay him the
forfeit money. I’m going out on the
ranch.” The lips of the champion be-
gan to quiver, for, after all, he was
only a boy. He held out the paper to
Jimmy. “Looka here,” he said. “Look
at what that fellow Cabot wrote about
me. What’d I ever do to him ? And,
say, what’s an abysmal brute? That’s
what he calls me." And Bunch began
to cry.

II.

 A very angry young man with a
freckled nose sat across the table from
the managing editor of the Star. James
Warren Hereford Krantz, owner of the
journal, had called for the purpose of
discharging the dramatic critic.
HIGH A<RT AN<D THE LOW <B<ROWS

107

  In view of the importance of the oc-
casion, he wore the red sweater that
adorned the person of Battling Nelson
when he fought Joe Gans at Goldfield.
It took him some time to decide be*
tween that and the sweater worn by
Ritchie when he won the championship
from Ad Wolgast. He finally decided
that the Nelson garment would be more
terrible.

  Jimmy could hardly keep back the
tears of rage and mortification as he
drove his motor car down to the Star
office, which a friendly police officer
had helped him to locate.

  “Do you realize,” said the managing
editor slowly, “that William Ellington
Cabot has been, for twenty-five years,
one of the foremost Shakesperian
scholars in America?”

  “I don’t care if he has been the prime
minister of the Theater Trust for twen-
ty-five centuries!” screamed Jimmy ex-
citedly. “He called my friend, Bunch
Dorgan, an abysmal brute. It’s broken
him all up, and he’s canceled the
match.”

  The managing editor bit his lips.
“Who is Bunch Dorgan?”

  In his excitement Jimmy had half
risen from his chair. He sank back
speechless with horror. “Gosh!” he
said, when the power of speech re-
turned to him. “Do you mean to say
you don’t know who Bunch Dorgan is ?
You’re a whale of an editor! Dorgan
is the featherweight champion of the
world.”

  "Ah!” said the managing editor
vaguely.

  “Gee, wouldn’t it scald you ?” snorted
Jimmy. “All he did was to appear at
an actors’ benefit, and this was what he
got handed to him—an abysmal brute—-
in my own paper—just when I was get-
ting in good with the champion. It
queered me, all right. When he found
out I owned the Star he wouldn’t speak
to me.”

  After Jimmy’s departure, the manag-

ing editor sat for a long time at his
desk, dreading what he had to do. At
last he slowly climbed the narrow,
creaking stairs that led to Cabot’s little
den—one flight about the elevator. He
paused for an instant at the threshold.
Cabot was at work at his desk anni-
hilating a musical show that was defil-
ing the traditions of the drama—and
incidentally earning half a million dol-
lars a year. As he wrote, he grunted
to himself.

  It struck the managing editor for the
first time that Cabot had grown to be an
old man. The walls of the den were'
covered with photographs, and it came
to the managing editor that they all be-
longed to a past generation. Directly
over Cabot’s desk was a picture of Mr.
William Winter, the critic, and grouped
around it were pictures of Joe Jefferson
and Ristori and Rachel. There were
no signed photographs of those to
whom the press agents referred as the
“reigning favorites.”

  The managing editor sat down and
hunted helplessly for a way to break
the news to the old man. “Do you re-
member that actors’ benefit?” he began
desperately.

  "I remember that the afternoon’s en-
tertainment concluded with a slugging
match by a prize fighter,” said the old
critic sarcastically.

  "Did you—that is, did you person-
ally attend the performance?” asked the
managing editor.

  “Certainly not,” returned Cabot
promptly. “I have certain ideals of the
drama which I believe I have kept un-
defiled for twenty-five years. I do not
intend to descend to dances by bare-
legged women and-”

  “Abysmal brutes,” murmured the
managing editor. In the end, his cour-
age failed, and he went away to send
the old critic his dismissal by letter.

  The incident of his discharge did not,
at first, impress Cabot as having any
very serious consequences to himself.
108

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

He left his little den for the last time
with a grim smile. He regarded his
retirement as a fitting punishment for
the demoralized Star. He intended
firmly to decline when the Star be-
sought him to return; he hadn’t the
shadow of a doubt that this humilia-
tion must come to the paper.

  He awoke the next morning with an
indescribable feeling of desolation. For
thirty years he had risen at eight,
breakfasted at eight-thirty, and sat
down at his desk at ten. He made his
simple toilet for the day with the vague,
crippled feeling that a man must have
who resumes his life after losing a
limb. He breakfasted at the same place,
but it was as though he were starting
on a journey whose destination he did
not know.

  Before he left the breakfast table,
Cabot drew up a list of all the papers
he could remember and began crossing
off those which were clearly impossible
to a man of his standing. He ruth-
lessly drew his blighting* pencil, first of
all, through the name of the Star. One
paper he canceled on the ground that it
printed too many illustrations. An-
other he doomed on the ground that it
disagreed with his verdict on the last
appearance of Henry Irving, and so on
—the pitiful braggadocio of a worn-out
old man.

  That task being completed to his sat-
isfaction, Mr. Cabot sauntered out upon
the streets and was presently lost in
his thoughts. Mechanically he opened
the door of his little den in the Star
office. He stood horrified in the door-
way, for a brisk young man, in his
shirt sleeves, w^s superintending the
work of two porters who were moving
out his furniture.

  “Here!” cried Mr. Cabot. Then he
suddenly remembered, and withdrew,
stumbling out of the room, hot with
mortification that he should have for-
gotten.

  Mr. Cabot waited a week at his hotel
for the editors to call upon him. But
no editors came.

  This was a crushing disappointment.
Mr. Cabot took the blow as another
evidence of the demoralization of the
times. During the weeks of humiliation
that followed, Cabot went from office
to office murdering his pride. The ed-
itors all seemed to him to be half-
fledged boys. Some of them were po-
litely regretful. Some of them were
scantily respectful. None of them
seemed to have an opening for a
Shakespearian purist, who spent most
of his time roasting the heavy adver-
tisers.

  “Possibly if you went farther West
-” suggested the last editor vaguely.

  Cabot laughed bitterly. “Why don’t
you tell me the truth—that you don’t
want me ?”

  During the ne^ct five or six months
the old man gradually dropped from his
clubs. He dropped fromvhis cafe to the
coffeehouses. He began studying the
"want” advertisements in the theatrical
papers. He even wrote a note to the
managing editor of the Star, intimat-
ing that he might be induced to resume
his old place on the paper. But the
Star had a new dramatic critic—a
young man who wrote stinging para-
graphs about the reigning favorites;
sometimes committed slang, and was
frankly bored by Shakespeare.

  Finally a new evening paper started,
and Cabot secured a place by virtue of
the name he had once had in New York.
When a new paper starts in a large city,
the securing of a position means noth-
ing. Men are “hired” and “fired” al-
most in the*same breath. A stream of
ambitious youth marches boldly in at
one door and creeps dejectedly out at
the other. A new paper tries them all.
The editorial room of a new paper is a
smelter where all the ore offered is
tried out.

  It happened that this paper had a
HIGH A<RT AND THE LOW <B<ROWS

109

particular and special reason for at-
tempting to appeal to conservative peo-
ple, and it impressed the managing ed-
itor that the name of Cabot would make
a good feature for the opening splash.

  Cabot’s first critique written in the
new office was a terrific experience for
him. He had a desk out in the edi-
torial room where reporters, artists, and
editors were all jumbled together. The
place seemed to be a madhouse. Boys
were rushing around his desk with
their hands full of copy, and proof.
Bells were jangling on the editors’
desks, while over his head came the
steady clattering roar of the linotype
machines. It made his head whirl. He
couldn’t think; he could hardly see.
Every few minutes a young person in
shirt sleeves bustled up to the desk and
ordered him to hurry.

  When at length Cabot had dribbled
on to the end of it, the young man
snatched up the copy from the_ desk,
glanced down a few paragraphs, and
said “Oh, hell !” in a voice tinctured
with disgust and dismay.

  Presently the managing editor sent
for Mr. Cabot and explained that the
proprietor of the theater Mr. Cabot was
writing about was to be one of the heav-
iest advertisers.

  “And you,” said the managing editor,
“have simply panned the life out of the
show. You might as well understand
right here and now that all this guff
about Shakespeare must be canned.
We are not trying to elevate the stage.
We want some stuff that will make peo-
ple sit up. We want something that
will make them say 'Gee whiz!' when
they open the paper. You understand ?
Girls ! Girls! That’s what the public
wants. Everybody is sick of this high-
brow stuff.”

  After this experience, Cabot did not
try any more newspapers. Some one
persuaded him to start a weekly maga-
zine which should uphold the traditions
of art and the stage.

  The magazine-upheld the traditions
of the stage for two months during
which time it devoured the last cent of
Cabot’s savings. Then it expired, and
the traditions of the stage had to stag-
ger on alone.

III.

  Cabot came at last to a bench in the
park. With just half a dollar left in
his pocket, his footsteps turned instinc-
tively down the trail of the derelicts.
He wandered about, looking with dis-
gust at the sleeping bums, until, at last,
he found an empty bench.

  Directly across the street was a big,
lighted pavilion, with a squadron of au-
tomobiles standing in front. As Cabot
timidly sought out the bench, a burst
of tumultuous applause surged out from
the pavilion.

  It was a prize fight, and the feather-
weight champion of the world had gone
down for the count. He was on his
hands and knees on the canvas, a dull,
puzzled look on his young, blood-
stained face. One of his seconds had
crawled around the edge of the ring
and was throwing water over him with
a sponge, entreating him to get up and
fight.

  “Bunch,” he cried. “Get up. He’s
counting you out.”

  The referee, holding back an eager
fighter with one hand, began to toll off
the seconds.

  “One—two—three—four—five — six
-—seven—eight—nine-”

  The champion sighed, and tried diz-
zily to get to his feet.

  “Ten—-yoirre out!” cried the referee.
A frenzied yell announced a new feath-
erweight champion of the world.

  Cabot watched for a long time in the
darkness while the crowds left the fight
pavilion. The automobiles sputtered
and chuttered and dashed away with a
crisscross of searchlights. The street
in front of the pavilion was being
cleared by the police.
110

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  A furious cheer burst'from those who
lingered as a boy in a sweater hurried
down the front steps and across the
sidewalk to his automobile attended by
a dozen men. It was the new cham-
pion of the world. As his automobile
whirled away, the crowd gave a last
cheer.

  The cheer was answered by a sob at
Cabot’s side. He turned in surprise to
see a tow-headed boy, about twenty
years old, with a peanut cap on the
back of his head. He had buried his
face in his hands, and Cabot could see
that his hands were wound with heavy
tape. The boy’s sobs hurt Cabot. He
wondered if he, too, were a derelict.
It was hard to be a derelict so young.
Perhaps he was hungry. That last half
dollar burned in Cabot’s pocket.

  “Excuse me,” he said. “Are you
hungry ?”

  The boy straightened up and wiped
his eyes with his bandaged hands.

  “I ain’t hungry,” he said. “But I am
everything else. You can mark me
‘Present’ for everything else except
hungry.”

  Cabot was offended and hurt. He
withdrew to his end of the bench and
watched the janitors putting out the
lights in the pavilion.

  “Did you see the little argument to-
night?” asked the boy moodily. Cabot
pretended not to hear, but the boy went
on: “It was that poke in the stomach
that did it. I knew I had got mine
when he handed me that hook in the
refrigerator.”

  Cabot sat for a full minute regarding
the boy with a kind of horror. At
length he asked in a strained voice:
“Are you a prize fighter?” Cabot’s im-
pressions of prize fighters were based
upon illustrations in the old editions of
Dickens—human brutes with little pig
eyes.

  “Are you a prize fighter?”

  Bunch Dorgan grinned a rueful grin.
“Just about now,” he said, “that cheap

skate is sitting around some hotel tell-
ing the sporting reporters that I ain’t.”

  After all, Bunch Dorgan was only a
broken-hearted boy of twenty. So he
sat on a park bench in the dark and told
his troubles to the Shakespearian pur-
ist who raged when Frohman put Shy-
lock into the wrong kind of shoes.

  “I wouldn’t care so much for m’-
self,” sobbed Bunch' Dorgan. “It’s
Artie, my brother. He ain’t any rough-
neck, like me,” he added warningly;
“Artie is a highbrow.”

  Bunch gulped down a sob, and went
on: “You know we’re from Frisco.
I went to school, same as Artie. Noth-
ing doing. Old Kid Caesar had the
number hung on me before I had Gaul
divided into three parts. When the
earthquake came it burned my old man’s
store, and he up and died. . My old
man was like Artie—classy, but he
didn’t have no punch. After he died
I went to work out in the Union Iron
Works, where they built them battle-
ships. -

  “One night a circus come to town
and a lot of us boys went down. The
ringmaster come out and began holler-
ing a lot of bunk about the Demon of
the Deadly Fists who would give any-
body one hundred dollars to stand be-
fore him for one round. On the level,
mister, I don't know what I done it for,
but when he said that about the one
hundred dollars I slid down into the
ring and said I would take a chance.

“The ringmaster he yells, ‘Beware,
boy, the sting of death is in every blow!’

  “Just then there was a disturbance in
the bleachers. My brother Artie had
fainted. They put the gloves on me
and somebody rung a bell. The Demon
of the Deadly Fists came jumping
across the ring at me like a bull buf-
falo. I just remember wondering what
would become of Artie if he killed me;
then I soaked him.”

  Bunch gave a little snicker through
his tears.
HIGH ART AN<D THE LOW <BROWS

 “Did you—did he-” asked the

critic anxiously.

  “The next thing I knew,” said Bunch,
“the Demon of the Deadly Fists was
sprawled out on the mat, kicking like a
dying chicken. It took five minutes to
bring him to. Artie was nearly as bad
off.”

  “And then-” suggested Cabot.

  “Then I became a fighter,” said
Bunch simply. “Artie couldn’t never
get used to it. When our mother died,
I sent Artie to college. Gee, that was
all Artie was good for! He is one of
them pale kids that would sit down in
front of one of King Solomon’s ban-
quets and starve to death because he
didn’t have a clean fork. I thought
maybe when he got to college the rah-
rah boys and the football lads would
rub some of it off him. Nothing doing.
Artie come to a clinch wit’ a Greek dic-
tionary the first day and never let go.

  “One time I went up to college to
see him. Artie was a game little sport
and took me around just like I be-
longed, but he slips to me please not to
say anything about prize fighting.
Of course, I took a tumble, and beat it.
Too much class for me.

  “I never could get Artie to come
within a mile of a training camp until
last year, when I was matched wit’ a
Swede from St. Paul. I got him to
come up and work out wit’ me for his
health. It made me think of back in
Frisco when the priest came to make
a parish call. I made old Moose Sei-
gel, my trainer, run for his life. Moose
is a good old guy, but he ain’t got no
front teeth, and he calls his wife his
‘rag.’ I told all the guys at the camp
I would beat them to death if they
pulled off any rough stuff wit’ Artie
around.

  “Everything was going great when I
got a roast in a paper that pretty nearly
killed Artie. There used to be a guy
named William Ellington Cabot who
wrote theayter news for one of the pa-

pers. . Artie was nuts over that guy.
I guess he thought he invented the dic-
tionary. He used to sit around read-
ing this Cabot’s dope all day long.

  “Well, you can imagine Artie when
this guy Cabot comes out in the paper
and calls me an abysmal brute. I don’t
know what an abysmal brute is, but it
was a knock-out for Artie. He just
turns white, and drops the paper. He
wouldn’t even stay for dinner. He just
beats it back for college.”

 The boy bowed his head in his
hands. “On the level, mister, it broke
me all up. When I asked Artie to come
to my training camp when I was train-
ing for this fight, he wouldn’t do it.
He made some excuse. You know how
it is, mister, when you’re training.
Things get on your nerves. Believe me,
I was all in before I stepped into the
ring to-night. That cheap skate over
at the hotel thinks he hung the num-
ber on me. It was old Kid Shake-
speare W. Cabot that handed me mine,
and cost me the championship.”

  The old critic got shakily to his feet.
His face was white and his voice was
trembling. “My boy,” he said, “I am
William Ellington Cabot.”

  The old man was tremulously search-
ing his pockets. “I regret,” he faltered,
“that my means of atonement are so
limited. I have only this half dollar
left. I beg that you will take it. It
will save you at least temporarily from
hunger. It will-” Cabot’s voice be-
came an inaudible mutter.

  Bunch Dorgan had eight thousand
dollars in greenbacks in his pocket—-
his end of the purse. But with the in-
tuitive tact that sometimes character-
izes men of his class, he silently took
the half dollar and put it in his pocket.

IV.

  A month later the newspaper an-
nounced that Bunch Dorgan had been
rematched with the new champion of
112

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

 the world. But Bunch seemed to have
 disappeared from his old haunts.
 Jimmy Krantz hunted him for a week
 and had about given up the search in
 despair when he happened to meet
 Bunch on the street. His arms were
 loaded with squashy-looking bundles,
 one of which was leaking blackberry
 pie.

   Jimmy screamed with laughter.
 “Bunch Dorgan’s been to a delicacy
 store!” he yelled.

   The dethroned champion shifted his
 bundles and stared at the young man
 sarcastically. “Say, that’s what I call
 a real joke. ‘Bunch Dorgan’s been to
 a delicacy store.’ Gee, but that’s funny!

 _J3onest, you ought to get that copy-
 righted. But, take it from me, son,
 don’t go round the corner, because
 you’ll see a whole bunch of people com-
 ing out of a delicacy store, and it’ll be
 so funny it will kill.”

   The scion of the Krantz family in-
 stantly sobered his countenance. “Ex-
 cuse me,” fee said, “but I’ve been look-
 ing for you.”

   “Why didn’t you inquire at the deli-
 cacy store?” suggested Bunch cut-
 tingly.

   Jimmy flushed and hesitatingly laid
 his plans before the great man. He
 wanted to star the ex-champion in a
 drama.

   “You’re sure to win back the cham-
 pionship,” he said, “and we will have
 it all rehearsed and ready to shoot out
 on the road.”

   “Who’s the sucker that’s going to put
 up the money? You can be sure I
 ain’t,” said Bunch suspiciously.

   Jimmy reddened. “I—I was going to
 put up the money,” he said meekly.

   “What for?”

   “I—I thought I would like to be a
 manager,” faltered the millionaire.

   “You’re j^good kid,” said the ex-
 champion, relenting a little. “What am
 I going to play—Hamlet?”

  “I'll hire some guy to write a play
for you,” said Jimmy joyously.

  Bunch stopped so suddenly that the
pie fell with a squnch and bled red over
the sidewalk. “I know the guy that
can do it,” he cried, whereupon he told
Jimmy all about his meeting with Cabot
on the bench in the park.

  “I’ll tell you, Jimmy,” he said. “The
old guy was all in. He had just half
a dollar left, and when I gets through
telling him the sad story of my life
the old boy shoves me the half, and tells
me perhaps it will keep me from get-
ting hungry. Can you beat that—me
with eight thousand bucks in my pocket!
L was afraid I’d hurt the old man’s
feelings, so I took the half, and we
staked ourselves to the rottenest meal
I ever ate in my life.

  “I wanted to take him to a hotel, but
I couldn’t figure how to do it without
getting on his pride, so I had to sit up
all night wit’ him in the park. Wouldn’t
it jar you? ^

  “The next day I put it up to him that
we should both go out to look for work
and split whatever purse we got. I
came back that night and let on to him
I had earned two dollars. Stalling along
that way, I managed to get the old man
to resume the eating habit. Jimmy, be-
lieve me, he was so hungry he was
weak.

  ‘Tve been having an awful time.
Jimmy, honest I ain’t had a square meal
for a month. I didn’t go too strong on
finding odd jobs, and the old boy and I
have been living on tenement-house
diet. I’ve ate so many Saratoga chips
I crackle inside. Looka here!”

  Bunch spread out his bundles on the
curb. “What do you know about this ?
Hash, ten cents; potato salad, five
cents; succotash, five cents; pickles,
five cents.”

  “Why didn’t you sneak out and pun-
ish a beefsteak on the side?” suggested
Jimmy.

  “I thought of that,” said Bunch wist-
HIGH A<RT AN<D THE LOW <B<ROWS

113

fully, “but it didn’t seem on the square
;o the old boy.”

  “I’ll take him back on the Star ” said
Jimmy easily.

  “He’d die before he would go back
to your rotten old sheet!” snorted Bunch
indignantly, “after the way you
treated him. You don’t know how to
appreciate real class on your paper.”

  “But,” pleaded Jimmy, “he couldn’t
write a play. It would queer every-
thing.”

  “All right,” said Bunch decisively,
beginning to pick up his bundles.

  “Wait,” interposed the millionaire, in
alarm. “I’ll tell you what I’ll do: Tell
him to go ahead and write the play.
We’ll give it a try-out on the ham route.
If it makes a hit, I’ll pay him a thou-
sand dollars for it.”

  “You’ll pay him a good fat royalty
for it!” said Bunch firmly.

  “All right, then; I’ll pay him a roy-
alty.”

  The next few weeks were filled with
excitement for Bunch and Cabot.
Bunch watched the construction of the
play with awe—but vague dissatisfac-
tion.

  “It’s great,” he said politely. “But
hadn’t you ought to put in something
to make them holler? Course I’m a
dub at this game, but I should think
you would have me say something
about my poor old gray-haired mother.
Gimme a speech to say about how I’d
rather starve in rags than sell my
honor.”

  Cabot smiled pityingly, and patted
Bunch on the shoulder. “You’re a
kind-hearted lad,” he said.

  “Meaning back to the timber line for
mine,” said Bunch, smiling ruefully.
“All right, Air. Cabot; you’ll have to
excuse me for cutting in wit’ my rough
stuff.”

  When it came the duel scene, Bunch
doggedly rebelled. “Ain’t there going
to be no fighting?” he cried, in dismay.

  “Certainly,” retorted the playwright
tartly. “Don’t you see the duel?”

  “I know, but what do w;e fight with ?”
  “You fight with rapiers.”

  “What’s rapiers?”

  “The rapier,” began Cabot senten-
tiously—“the rapier was the sword of
court—the sword of romance—the

sword of honor—the rapier-”

  “Aw, nix fer the stickers!” cried
Bunch, in alarm. “I ain’t no bull-
fighter.”

  After a long argument, Cabot surren-
dered. “I am disappointed in you,” he
said, “I had hoped you wTould appre-
ciate the dramatic unities-”

  “The gang that’s going to pay good
money to see me in this play don’t want
no dramatic unions,” said Bunch. “They
want to see me fight.”

  Cabot merely bowed. But after that
he spoke of the play with contempt.
He read no more of the manuscript
aloud to Bunch. His ideals had re-
ceived another solar plexus.

  In due time Bunch delivered the fin-
ished product to Jimmy Krantz. He
tried to bluff it through with an air of
confidence. “It’s great dope!” he said
briskly. “Lots of class. You had an
awful nerye to fire the old man. Why,
he’s a reg’lar Shakespeare.”

  Jimmy Krantz, on any subject except
prize fighting, was a level-headed young
man. He read a few pages of the
’script and looked up wildly. “What
kind of bunk is this you are trying to
shoot at me?”

  “It’s not bunk, it’s a play,” replied
Bunch stiffly.

  ■“Gee, I should say it is a play!” said
Jimmy sardonically. “Listen to this.”
And Jimmy read aloud a few resound-
ing sentences that sounded like Shake-
speare doing his best.

  “Do I have to say that?” inquired
Bunch suspiciously.

  “You sure do!”

  Bunch stiffened his shoulders. “Well,
if it’s in the play it must .be all right,”
114

the Popular magazine

he said. “The old guy knows all about
plays.”

  “For the love of Mike, what do you
know about this?” snorted Jimmy, read-
ing on in the manuscript. “The stage
directions say that the duke is to wear
blue tights and a ruff and a court
sword.”

 “Who’s the duke?” asked Bunch
weakly.

  “You are,” said Jimmy, with a grin.

  Bunch wiped the cold perspiration
from his forehead. “Well, have you
got any kick against me wearing blue
tights ?”

  Jimmy snickered. “Certainly not,”
he said. “You’ll be a cute chorus girl,
Agnes.”

  In the end, they conspired against
the duel scene. Jimmy invented a
somewhat startling scene wherein the
noble duke threw aside his sword and
fought the villain with eight-ounce
gloves.

V.

  It was arranged that the play should
be tried out at Cyclone—a village on
the dog route—without any reporters
around.

  While they were engaging the actors,
Jimmy Krantz had a number of fits of
abstracted meditation. Something was
on his mind. He objected to every ac-
tor mentioned for the part of the vil-
lain who was to fight Bunch in the play.
One was “rotten,” the next , was a
“ham,” and the rest were “dubs.”

  “Say, w'hat’s the matter wit’ you?”
demanded Bunch.

  “Well,” confessed Jimmy, “I was
just thinking I would like to play that
part myself—just at the try-out, you
know.”

  “Jimmy,” said Bunch, with awful
candor, “I think I’ll let you do it. I’d
like to knock your block off. You make
me just about that tired.”

  It was difficult, in the circumstances,
to say which of the three waited for the

debut of “The Duke’s Revenge” most
eagerly.

  Cabot was at last to see on the stage
a play made by his own pen.

  No one knew of the manuscripts that
lay rejected and yellow and dust-cov-
ered in his trunk—unrealized dreams.
To Jimmy, it meant a chance to box in
public with a real champion, stripped
to the waist and with the plaudits of
the crowd in his ears. Jimmy was
secretly of the opinion that a new star
of pugilism would be discovered that
night. To Cyclone, it meant a lot of
things—mainly financial.

  The fatal night came at last. They
rented the town hall, and the manager
thereof secured an audience by indus-
triously scattering passes all over town.
The place was packed with the hottest
sports on the commuter route. By
common consent the middle of the front
row was yielded to the local champion
who worked daytimes in the livery
stable.' There were two spirited fights
in the hall before the curtain went up,
and Mike, the janitor, was wittily
cheered when he came out to trim up
the kerosene lamps. Music was fur-
nished by the silver cornet band, led by
the clerk of the drug store.

  The launching of “The Duke’s Re-
venge” was not auspicious. Bunch
couldn't get on the blue tights and re-
belled at the rapier. “Say, if I’m a dog,
tie a tin can on me,” he growled, “but
nix fer this thing. It gets down be-
tween my legs.”

  As they didn’t want Cabot to see how
they had changed the play, they easily
persuaded him to stay out in the lobby
where the nervous strain would not be
so great. The old man walked up and
down the foyer, biting his nails, listen-
ing to the impatient whistles in the hall.
“I’m better out here,” he said. “I can
tell by the applause whether it suc-
ceeds or not; and if they should call

for the author, I can be ready ------”

The rest died in the old man’s throat.
HIGH A<RT /JN<D THE LOW ftcROWS

115

  Bunch suddenly dropped his sword.
“Listen, Jimmy,’’ he said, “if they ap-
plaud, you’ve' got to accept the old
man’s play.”

  “Go on,” objected Jimmy, in dis-
may. “These rubes would yell for a
moving picture of a man eating his
supper.”

  “Aw, well—all right, then,” he re-
luctantly agreed, as Bunch began tear-
ing off his sword belt.

  As it turned out, Jimmy was en-
tirely too optimistic about the ap-
plause.

  Out in the lobby, Cabot heard the
overture die away, with the bass drum
and tuba finishing in a dead heat. He
knew the curtain had gone up. Then
a hush—portentous and dismal.

  Inside the theater, things were going
very badly. Bunch got his sword tan- *
gled between his legs and fell down.
At this, a snicker broke out. He for-
got his part, and stood staring in fas-
cinated horror at Jimmy, who was try-
ing to prompt him. Somebody in the
audience meowed like a cat.

  “Gee, but this is a dandy play 1”
whispered Jimmy savagely, as they
came close together in one of the
scenes.

  “You’d queer any play!” retorted
Bunch.

  “Well, you’re not so many—stum-
bling over your sword.” snarled Jimmy.

  “You wait till that fight scene; you'll
get yours,” said Bunch.

  The play was hopelessly floundering.
All over the house people were begin-
ning to get up and go out. Boys in
the gallery began to give catcalls and to
mimic the lines. “By my faith. Sir
Anthony, this is a punk play,” came in
a shrill falsetto voice from the orches-
tra chairs.

  Bunch suddenly stopped where he
stood and whispered hoarsely to Jim-
my: “Remember, if they applaud you
gotta accept the play.”

  “A swell chance!” sneered Jimmy.

  Bunch turned to the wings and called
to the property man: “Gimme them
gloves!”

  “But what are we going to fight
about? I have to insult you first, and
then we fight,” protested Jimmy.

  “Hurry up and insult me, then,” said
Bunch shortly.

  If the audience had been listening at
all they would have been amazed at the
dramatic somersault taken by Mr. Ca-
bot’^ classic one-act drama. Without
any warning or any reason, the duke
and the villain took off their rapiers,
laced on boxing gloves, and began to
fight.

  The audience suddenly sat up and
began to take notice, for it didn’t look
like a stage boxing match. Bunch’s face
was drawn up into a menacing scowl.
He showed his teeth like a wolf. The
audience recognized, by instinct, the
fighting face of the former champion
of the world. Jimmy recognized it, too,
somewhat with dismay.

  “What’s the matter?” he muttered,
as Bunch lowered his head and tore in
—a vicious little fighting animal. But
Bunch’s only reply was a hard right
swing.

  Jimmy ducked and backed away. He
knew that he either had to jump over
the footlights or make the fight of his
life. After all, this was the chance he
had been looking for. Jimmy was a
game boy, and real fighting blood
surged through his blue veins. He low-
ered his head and made a swipe at the
champion.

  Out in the foyer, Cabot, enduring
tortures, had to clutch the wall to keep
from falling when a mighty cheer and
a roar of applause flooded out to him.
He tried to imagine which lines had
swept them off their feet. But before
he could make up his mind, a fresh and
louder gust roared out to him.

“Where ate they now?” he cried to
the doorkeeper. But the doorkeeper
had rushed headlong back into the
THE' ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

house, and Cabot was bumped back out
of the way by a rush of the departing
audience trying to get back into the
house.

  Could Cabot have forced his way
into the theater, he would have seen a
very sick little millionaire taking the
count, with Bunch standing grimly over
him, waiting for him to get up. “Got
enough?” whispered Bunch. But Jim-
my’s only reply was to get dizzily to his
feet and make a blind, headlong, sav-
age rush at Bunch.

  He could only see dimly the half-
naked body of the boy in front of him;
but Jimmy was game.

  “Give him the scissors blow!” yelled
some one in the crowd. The audience
answered the voice with a roar: “Give
him the scissors blow!”

  A hard glitter came into Bunch Dor-
gan’s eyes. His head lowered a lit-
tle. His arms hung poised like the
bodies of two snakes about to strike.
As he walked forward to meet Jimmy’s
rush, he rocked with a curious shuffle.
It was the walk of a jungle animal
ready to dodge in any direction.

  Centuries had been swept aside.
Jimmy Krantz was rushing upon the
naked strength and brute skill of a
paleolithic cave man. Bunch had sud-
denly taken up the inheritance of his an-
cestors who swung from trees and
killed their enemies with their bare
hands.

  His little, half-shut eyes ran over the
boy’s body, coldly and critically like a
connoisseur. With a stabbing, vicious
motion, the heel of his left fist dug down
into the bare white body, a little be-
low the armpit and about an inch for-
ward. Bunch had planted his famous
scissors blow. A look of bewildered
pain—a dull, puzzled look came into
Jimmy’s eyes.

  Out in the foyer, Cabot’s senses
reeled before the cyclone of applause.
The place began whirling about. The
old man had fainted. While the box-

  office clerks were dashing about throw-
ing water in his face, the stage hands
were waving smelling salts beneath the
nostrils of a dreadfully ill little mil-
lionaire. Jimmy had taken the count.

  As his eyelids fluttered and the color
came back to his face, Bunch bent over
him and said sociably: “Well, they ap-
plauded, Jimmy; you got to take the old
man’s play.”

VI.

  Two weeks later Bunch Dorgan won
back the featherweight championship of
the world. After the fight he sat with
a hack writer at a table in the back of
a big cafe.

  “I want you to write me a play where
somebody makes a crack about my poor
old gray-haired mother and I punch his
noodle. I don’t want nothing to say—
unless you might have me say, ‘I’d
rather starve in rags than sell my
honor,’ or something like that, y’under-
stand; but no long speeches about the
soul of St. Anthony. And say, the
name of this piece has got to be ‘The
Duke’s Revenge.’ ”

  “What’s a duke got to do with it?”
asked the bewildered writer.

  “Never mind; if I'm payin’ fer this
piece I can call it ‘The Duke’s Revenge’
if I want to, can’t I ?”

  “Sure; you can call it ‘The Mud
Turtle’s Romance’ if you want to, but
you don’t need to get sore about it.”

  “My young friend,” said Cabot one
day to Artie, “it is a mistake to sup-
pose that the masses do not appreciate
the drama constructed along classical
lines. I may mention—ahem—as a case
in point my own trifle—‘The Duke’s
Revenge’ now on the road.

  “Quite a curious instance, I may say.
Though I have been drawing a royalty
—I may say a handsome royalty—this
long time, I have never seen my own
play acted. Your brother says he could
not act if I were in the audience.”
The Age Limit

                                                                                              *

By Frank L, Packard
Author of “ Owsley and the 1601," ilRat River Special,M Etc.

    Despite our talk of peace we love a fighter, the man who sets himself
a task and to achieve it is ready to grapple with death itself. Packard has
told us of some of the heroes of the Hill Division, hard-tongued, hard-fisted,
hard-faced, rough, without much polish perhaps as some rank polish, hue
with hearts thac are right, and big as a woman’s. Fighters all, doing a
hero’s work as any soldier fighting for his flag on the battlefields of
Europe. This is a story of one of the gallant fellows who had passed the
age limit—and the telling is as though men stood erect, bareheaded, at
“salute” to the passing of the Old Guard.

AS its scarred and battle-torn col-
ors are the glory of a regiment,
brave testimony of hard-fought
fields where men were men, so
to the Hill Division is its tradition. And
there are names there, too, on the honor
roll—not famous, not world-wide, not
on every tongue, but,names that in rail-
roading will never die. The years have
gone since men fought and conquered
the sullen, gray-walled Rockies and
shackled them with steel and iron, and
laid their lives on the altar of one of
the mightiest engineering triumphs the
world has ever known; but the years
have dimmed no memory, have only
brought achievement into clearer focus,
and honor to its .fullness where honor
is due. They tell the stories of those
days yet, as they always will tell them
—at night in the roundhouse over the
soft pur of steam, with the yellow
flicker of the oil lamps on the group
clustered around the pilot of a 1600-
class mountain greyhound—and the tell-
ing is as though men stood erect, bare-
headed, at “salute” to the passing of
the Old Guard.

  Heroes? They never called them-
selves that—never thought of them-
selves in that way, those old fellows
who have left their stories. Their uni-
form was a suit of overalls, their “dec-
orations” the grime that came with the
day’s work—just railroad men, hard-
tongued, hard-fisted, hard-faced, rough,
without much polish, perhaps, as some
rank polish, with hearts that were right
and big as a woman’s—that was all.

  MacCafFery was one of these; and
this is old Dan MacCaffery’s story, in
the days when “Royal” Carleton sat
in the swivel chair in the superintend-
ent’s office, when Regan, stumpy, fat,
big-hearted Tommy Regan, was mas-
ter mechanic, when Harvey was divi-
sion engineer, when Riley was trans-
mitter, and Donkin was chief dis-
patcher. Pretty good railroaders, that
little crowd; there will never be better.
Some of them have gone up, ’way up
to the heads of systems, and some of
them have gone into Division for the
last time on orders from the Great
Trainmaster.

  MacCaffery? Dan was an engineer,
118

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

one of the old-timers, blue-eyed, thin
—but you’d never get old Dan that
way ; he wouldn’t look natural! You’ve
got to put him in the cab of the 304,
leaning out of the window, ’way out,
thin as a bent toothpick, and pounding
down the gorge and around into the
straight, making for the Big Cloud
yards, with a string of buff-colored
coaches jouncing after him, and him-
self bouncing up and down in his seat
like an animated piece of rubber. No-
body ever saw old Dan inside the cab;
that is, all in. He always had his head
out of the window. Said he could see
better, though the wind used to send
the water trickling down from the old
blue eyes, and generally there were
two little white streaks on his cheeks
where no grime or coal dust ever got a
chance at a strangle hold on the skin
crevices. For the rest, what you could
see sticking out of the cab over the
whirling rod as he came down the
straight was just a black, greasy,
peaked cap, surmounting a scanty
fringe of gray hair, and a wizened
face, with a round little knob in the
center of it for a nose.

  But that isn’t altogether old Dan
MacCaffery, either. There was Mrs.
MacCaffery. Everybody liked Dan,
with his smile, and the cheery way he
had of puckering up his lips sympa-
thetically and pushing back his cap
and scratching near his ear where the
hair was, as he listened maybe to a
hard-luck story; everybody liked Dan—
but they swore by Mrs. MacCaffery.
Leaving out the railroaders who wor-
shiped her anyway, even the worst
characters in Big Cloud, and there wrere
some pretty bad ones in those early
days, hangers-on and touts for the
gambling hells and dives, used to speak
of the little old lady in the lace cap
with a sort of veneration.

  There was something patrician about
Mrs. MacCaffery. Not the cold, stand-
offish effect that’s only make-believe,

but the real thing. The Lord knows,
she had to work hard enough, but you
never saw her rinsing the washtub suds
from her hands and coming to the door
with her sleeves rolled up. The last
thing you’d ever think there was in the
house was a washtub. Little lace cap
over smoothly parted gray hair, little
black dress with a little white frill
around the throat, and just a glad look
on her face whether she’d ever seen
you before or not—that was Mrs. Mac-
Caffery.

  As far back as any one could re-
member she had always looked like
that, always a little old lady—never a
young woman, although she and Dan
had come there years before, even be-
fore the operating department had grot
the steel shaken down into anything that
might with justice be called a perma-
nent right of way. Perhaps it was the
gray hair—Mrs. MacCaffery’s hair had
been gray then, when it ought to have
been the glossy, luxuriant brown that
the old-fashioned daguerreotype, hang-
ing in the shanty’s combination dining
and sitting room, proclaimed that it once
was.

  Big Cloud, of course, didn’t call her
patrician, because they didn’t talk that
way out there. They said there was
“some class” to Mrs. MacCaffery. Not
that they ranked her any finer than Dan,
for the last one of them ranked Dan
as one of God’s own noblemen, and
there’s nothing finer than that, only they
figured, at least the women did, that
back in the Old Country she’d been
brought up to things that Dan MacCaf-
fery hadn’t.

  Maybe that accounted for their send-
ing young Daii East, and pinching them-
selves pretty near down to bed rock to
give the boy an education and a start.
Not that Mrs. MacCaffery had any no-
tions that railroading and overalls and
dirt was plebeian and beneath her—far
from it. She was proud of old Dan,
proud of his work, proud of his rec-
THE AGE LIMIT

119

ord; she’d talk about Dan’s engine to
you by the hour, just as though it were
alive, just as Dan would, and she would
have hung chintz curtains on the cab
windows and put flowerpots on the
running boards if they had let her. -It
wasn’t that Mrs. MacCaffery wasn’t
that kind. Only there wTere limitations
to a cab, and she didn’t want the boy
—he was the only one they had—to
start out with limitations of any kind
that would put a slow order on his
reaching the goal her mother’s heart
dreamed of. What goal ? Who knows ?
■Mothers always dream of their boy’s
future in that gentle, loving, all-con-
quering, up-in-the-clouds kind of a way,
don’t they ? She wanted young Dan to
do something, make a name for himself
some day.

  And young Dan did. He handed a
jolt to the theory of heredity that
should, if it didn’t, have sent the dis-
ciples of that creed to the mat for the
full count. When he got through his
education, he got into a bank and backed
the brain development the old couple
had scrimped to the bone to give him
against the market—with ten thousand
dollars of the bank’s money. Old Dan
and Mrs. MacCaffery got him off—Mrs.
MacCaffery with her sweet old face,
and Dan with his grim old honesty.
The bank didn’t prosecute. The boy
was drowned in a ferryboat accident
the year after. And old Dan had been
paying up ever since.

  He was always paying up. Ten thou-
sand dollars, even in a whole lot of
year’y installments, didn’t leave much
to come and go on from his monthly
pay check. He talked some of dropping
the benefit orders he belonged to, and
he belonged to most of them, but Mrs.
MacCaffery talked him out of that on
account of the insurance, she said, but
really because she knew that Dan and
his lodge rooms and his regalias and
his worshipful titles were just part and
parcel of each other, and that he either

was or was just going to be Supreme
High Chief Illustrious Something-or-
other of every order in town. Besides,
after all, it didn’t cost much compared
with the other, just meant pinching a
tiny bit harder. And so they pinched.

  Old Dan and Mrs. MacCaffery didn’t
talk about their troubles. You’d never
get the blues on their account, no mat-
ter how intimate you got with them.
But everybody knew the story, of
course, for everybody knows a thing
like that; and everybody knew that dol-
lars were scarce up at the MacCafferys’
shanty for, though they didn’t know
how much old Dan sent East each year,
they knew it had to be a pretty big slice
of what was coming to him to make
much impression on that ten thousand
dollars at the other end—and they won-
dered, naturally enough, how the Mac-
Cafferys got along at all. But the Mac-
Cafferys got along somehow, outwardly
without a sign of the hurt that was
deeper than a mere matter of dollars
and cents.

  Dan was handling the cab end of one
of the local passenger runs when things
broke loose in the East—a flurry in
Wall Street. But Wall Street wras a
long, long way from the Rockies, and,
though the papers were full of it, there
didn’t seem to be anything intimate
enough in a battle of brokers and mag-
nates, bitter, prolonged, and to the death
though it might be, to stir up any ex-
citement or enthusiasm on the Hill Di-
vision. But when the smoke cleared
away down East, the Hill Division and
Big Cloud forgot their bridge troubles
and their washouts and their slides long
enough to stick their tongues in their
cheeks and look askance at each other;
and Carleton, the superintendent, in his
swivel chair, pulled on the amber
mouthpiece of his brier and looked at
Tommy Regan, the master mechanic,
who, in turn, pulled on his scraggly
brown mustache and reached for his hip
120

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

pocket and his plug. The. system was
under new control.

 “Who’s H. Herrington Campbell
when he’s at home?” spluttered Regan.

  “Our new general manager, Tommy,”
Carleton told him for the second time.

  Regan grunted. ‘T ain’t blind! I’ve
read that much. Who is he—h’m?
Know him ?”

  Carleton took the pipe from his
mouth—a little seriously. “It’s the P.
M. & K. crowd, Tommy. Makes quite
an amalgamation, doesn’t it ? Direct
Eastern tidewater connection—what?
They’re a younger lot, pretty progres-
sive, too, and sharp as they make them.”
"I don’t care a tinker’s hoot who
owns the stock,” observed Regan, bit-
ing deeply at his blackstrap. “It’s the
bucko with the overgrown name in the
center that interests me—who’s he? Do
you know him ?”

  “Yes,” said Carleton slowly. “I
know him.” He got up suddenly and
walked over to the window, looked out
into the yards for a moment, then
turned to face the master mechanic. “I
know him, and I know most of the
ethers; and I’ll say, between you and
me, Tommy, that I’m blamed sorry
they’ve got their fingers on the old road.
They’re a cold, money-grabbing crew,
and Campbell’s about as human as a
snow man, only not so warm-blooded.
I fancy you’ll see some changes out
here.”

  “I turned down an offer from the
Penn last week,” said the fat little mas-
ter mechanic reminiscently. “Mabbe I

ought-”

  Carleton laughed—he could afford to.
There was hardly a road in the country
that hadn’t majde covetous offers for the
services of the gray-eyed master of the
Hill Division, who was the idol of his
men down to the last car tink.

 “No; I guess not, Tommy. Our
heads are safe enough, I think. When
I go, you go; and as the P. M. & K.
have been after me before, I guess

they’ll let me alone now I’m on their
pay roll.”

  “What kind of changes, then?” in-
quired Regan gruffly.

  “I don’t know,” said Carleton. “I
don’t know, Tommy—new crowd, new
ways. We’ll see.”

  And, in time, Regan saw. Perhaps
Regan himself, together with Riley, the
trainmaster, were unwittingly the means
of bringing it about a little sooner than
it might otherwise have come. Per-
haps not. Ultimately it would have been
all the same. Sentiment and H. Her-
rington Campbell were not on speaking
terms. However, one way or the other,
in results, it makes little difference.

  It was natural enough that about the
first official act of the new board was a
trip to look over the new property it
had acquired; and if there was any re-
sentment on the Hill Division at the
change in ownership, there was no sign
of it in Big Cloud when the word went
out of what was coming. On the con-
trary, everybody sort of figured to make
a kind of holiday affair of it, for the
special was to lay off there until after-
noon to giVe the big fellows a chance
to see the shops. Anyway, it was more
or less mutually understood that they
were to be given the best the Hill Divi-
sion had to offer.

  Regan kept his pet flyer, the 565, in
the roundhouse, and tinkered over her
for two days, and sent for Dan Mac-
Caffery. There’d been a good deal of
speculation among the engine crews as
to who would get the run, and the men
were hot for the honor.

  Regan squinted at old Dan, and
squinted at the 565 on the pit beside
him.

  “How d’you think she looks, Dan?”
he inquired casually.

  The old engineer ran his eyes wist-
fully over the big racer, groomed to the
minute, like the thoroughbred it was.

  “She’ll do you proud, Regan,” he
said simply.
THE AGE LIMIT

121

  And then Regan’s fat little hand came
down with a bang on the other’s over-
alled shoulder. That was Regan’s way.

  “And you, too, Dan,” he grinned. “I
got you slated for the run.”

  “Me?” said MacCaffery, his wizened
face lighting up.

 “You—sure!” Regan's grin ex-
panded. “It’s coming to you, ain’t it?
You’re the senior engineer on the divi-
sion, ain’t you? Well, then, what’s the
matter with you? Riley’s doing the
same for Pete Chartrand. He’s putting
Pete in the aisles. What?”

  Old Dan looked at Regan, then at the
565, and back at Regan again.

  “Say,” he said, a little huskily, “the
missus’ll be pleased when I tell her.
We was talking it over last night, and
hoping—just hoping, mind you—that

mabbe-”

  “Go tell her, then,” said the little mas-
ter mechanic, who didn’t need any w^ord
picture to make him see Mrs. M’acCaf-
fery’s face when she heard the news.
And he gave the engineer a friendly
push doorward.

  Not a very big thing, to pull the latch
of the Directors’ Special? Nothing to
make a fuss over? Well, no, perhaps
not; not unless you were a railroad man.
It meant quite a bit to Dan MacCaffery,
though, and quite a bit to Mrs, Mac-
Caffery, because it was an honor com-
ing to Dan; and it meant something to
Regan, too. Call it a little thing, but
little things count a whole lot some-
times.

  There had been a sort of little pro-
gram mapped out. Regan, as naturally
fell to his lot, being master mechanic,
was to do the honors of the shops, and
Carleton was to make the run up
through the Rockies and over the divi-
sion with the new directors; but at the
last momenta telegram sent the super-
intendent flying East to a brother’s sick
bed, and the whole kit and caboodle of
the honors, to his inward consternation
and dismay, fell to Regan.

  Regan, how7ever, did the best he
could. He fished out the black Sunday
suit he wore on the rare occasions when
he had time to knowT one day of the
week from the other, wriggled into a
boiled shirt and a stiff collar that was
yellow for want of daylight, and, nerv-
ous as a galvanic battery, was down on
the platform an hour before the train
was due. Also, by the time the train
rolled in, Regan’s handkerchief Avas
wringing wet from the sweat he mopped
off his forehead. But five minutes after
that the earnest little master mechanic,
as he afterward confided to Carleton,
“wouldn’t have given a whoop for two
trainloads of ’em, let alone the measly
lot you could crowTd into one private
car.” Somehow, Regan had got it into
his head that he was going on his mettle
before a crowd of up-to-the-minute,
way-up railroaders. But when he found
there wasn’t a practical railroad man
among them, bar H. Herrington Camp-
bell, to whom he promptly and whole-
heartedly took a dislike, Regan experi-
enced a sort of pitying contempt, which,
if it passed over the nabobs’ heads with-
out doing them any harm, had at least
the effect of putting the fat little mas-
ter mechanic almost superciliously at his
ease.

  Inspect the shops? Not at all. They
were out for a joy ride across the con-
tinent and the fun there was in it.

 “How long we got here? Three
hours? Wow!” boomed a big fellow,
stretching his arms lazily as he gazed
about him.

  “Let’s paint the town, boys,” wheezed
an asthmatic, bowlegged little man of
fifty, who sported an enormous gold
watch chain. “Come on and look the
natives over!”

  Regan, who had been a little hazy
on the etiquette of chewing in select
company, reached openly for his plug,
and kind of squinted over it noncommit-
tingly as he bit in at H. Herrington
Campbell, who stood beside him. Carle-
122

THE <POcPULJlcR MAGAZINE

ton had sized the new general manager
up pretty well—cold as a snow man—
and he looked it. A spare-built man,
with sharp, quick, black eyes, a face
like a hawk, and lips so thin you
wouldn’t know he had any if one cor-
ner of his mouth hadn’t been pried kind
of open, so to speak, with the stub of
a cigar.

  “Go ahead and amuse yourselves,
boys.” H. Herrington Campbell talked
out of the corner of his mouth where
the cigar was. “We pull out at twelve-
thirty sharp.” Then to Regan curtly:
“We’ll look the equipment and shops
over, Mr. Regan.”

  “Yes—sure,” agreed Regan, without
much enthusiasm, and led the way
across the tracks toward the round-
house as a starting point for the inspec-
tion tour.

  The whole blamed thing was different
from the way Regan had figured it out
in his mind beforehand; but Regan set
out to make himself agreeable, and H.
Herrington Campbell listened. H. Her-
rington Campbell was the greatest lis-
tener Regan had ever met, and Regan
froze—and then Regan thawed out
again, but not on account of H. Her-
rington Campbell. Regan might have
an unresponsive audience, but then Re-
gan didn’t require an audience at all
to warm him up when it came to his
roundhouse, and his big mountain
racers, and the shops he lay awake at
night planning and thinking about. Here
and there, H. Herrington Campbell shot
out a question, crisp, incisive, unex-
pected, and lapsed into silence again—
that was all.

  They inspected everything, every-
thing there was to inspect; but when
they got through Regan had about as
good an idea of what impression it had
made on H. Herrington Campbell as
he had when he started out, which is
to say none at all. The new general
manager just listened. Regan did the
talking.

  Not that H. Herrington Campbell
sized up as a misfit, not by any means,
far from it! Regan didn’t make that
mistake for a minute. He didn’t need
to be told that the other knew railroad-
ing from the ground up; he could feel
it. But he didn’t need to be told either
that the other was more a high-geared
efficiency machine than he was a man;
he could feel that, too.

  One word of praise Regan wanted,
not for himself, but for the things he
loved and worked over and gave his
soul to. And the one word, where a
thousand were due, Regan did not get.
The new general manager had the emo-
tional instincts of a wooden Indian. Re-
gan, toward the end of the morning, got
to talking a little less himself—that is,
aloud; inwardly he grew more eloquent
than ever, cholerically so.

  It was train time when they had fin-
ished, and the 565, with old Dan Mac-
Caffery half out of the cab window
as usual, had just backed down and
coupled onto the special, as Regan and
the new general manager came along the
platform from the upper freight sheds.
And Regan, for all his inward spleen,
couldn’t help it, as they reached the big,
powerful racer, spick and span from the
guard plates up.

  “I dunno where you’ll beat that, East
or West," said Regan proudly, with a
wave of his hand at the 565. “Wish we
had more of that type out here. We
could use ’em. What do you think of
her, Mr. Campbell—h’m?”

  H. Herrington Campbell didn’t ap-
pear to take any notice of the master-
piece of machine design to speak of.
His eyes traveled over the engine, and
fixed on Dan MacCaffery in the cab
window. Dan had an old, but spotless,
suit of overalls on, spotless because
Mrs. MacCaffery, who was even then
modestly sharing her husband’s honors
from the back of the crowd by the tick-
et-office window, had made them spot-
less with a good many hours’ work,
THE AGE LIMIT

123

for grease sticks hard even in a wash-
tub, the da)' before; and on old Dan’s
wizened face was a genial smile that
would have got an instant response
from anybody—except H. Herrington
Campbell. H. Herrington Campbell
didn’t smile, neither did he answer Re-
gan’s question.

  “How old are you?’’ said he bluntly
to Dan MacCaffrey.

  “Me ?” said old Dan, taken aback for
a moment. Then he laughed: “Blest
if I know, sir; it’s so long since I’ve kept
track of birthdays. Sixty-one, I guess
—no, sixty-two.”

  H. Herrington Campbell didn’t ap-
pear to hear the old engineer’s Answer
any more than he had appeared to take
any notice of the 565. He had barely
paused in his walk, and he was pulling
out his watch now and looking at it as
he continued along—only to glance up
again as Pete Chartrand, the senior
conductor, gray-haired, gray-bearded,
but clapper as you please in his blite
uniform and brass buttons, hurried by
toward the cab with the green tissue
copy of the engineer’s orders in his
hand.

  Regan opened his mouth to say some-
thing—and, instead, snapped his jaws
shut like a steel trap. The last little
bit of enthusiasm had oozed out of the
usually good-natured little master me-
chanic. Two days’ tinkering with the
565, the division all keyed up to a smile,
everybody trying to do his best to
please, a dozen little intimate plans and
Arrangements talked over and worked
out, were all now a matter of earnest
and savage regret to Regan.

  “By Christmas!” growled Regan to
himself, as he elbowed his way through
the crowd on the platform—for the
town, to the last squaw with a papoose
strapped on her back, had turned out
to see the Directors’ Special off-—“by
Christmas, if ’twere not for Carleton’s
sake. I’d tell him, the Tittle tin god that
he thinks he is, what I think of him!

And mabbe,” added Regan viciously,
as. he swung onto the observation be-
hind H. Herrington Campbell, “and
mabbe I will yet!”

  But Regan’s cup, brimming as he held
it to be, was not yet full. It was a
pretty swell train, the Directors’ Spe-
cial, that the crowd sent off with a burst
of cheering that lasted until the mark-
ers were lost to view around a bulte;
a pretty swell train, about the swdiest
that had ever decorated the train sheet
of the Hill Division. Two sleepers, a
diner and observation, mostly mahog-
any, and the baggage car a good enough
imitation to fit into the color scheme
without outraging even the most ?es-
thetic taste, and the 565 on the front
end, gold-leafed and shining like a mir-
ror from polished steel and brass.

  As far as looks went, there wasn’t a
thing the matter with it, not a thing;
it would have pulled a grin of pride out
of a Polack section hand—which is pull-
ing some. And there wasn’t anything
the matter with the send-off, either, that
was propitious enough to satisfy any-
body; but, for all that, barring the first
hour or so out of Big Cloud, trouble
and the Directors’ Special that after-
noon were as near akin as twin brothers.

  Nothing went right; everything went
wrong—except the 565, that ran as
smooth as a full-jeweled watch, when
old Dan, for the mix-up behind him,
could run her at all. The coupling on
the diner broke. That started it. When
they got that fixed, something else hap-
pened ; and then the forward truck of
the baggage car developed a virulent
attack of hot box.

  The special had the track swept for
her clean to the Western foothills, and
rights through. But she didn’t need
them. Her progress was a crawl. The
directors, in spite of their dollar-ante
and the roof of the observation car for
the limit, began to lose interest in their
game. 1

  “What is this new toy we’ve bought ?”
124

THE <PO{PULA‘R. MAGAZINE

inquired one of them plaintively. “A
funeral procession?”

  Even H. Herrington Campbell began
to show emotion. He shifted his cigar
stub at intervals from one corner of
his mouth to the other. Regan was hot
—both ways—inside and out; hotter a
whole lot than the hot box he took his
coat oft to, and helped old Pete Char-
trand and the train crew slosh buckets
of water over every time the Directors'
Special stopped, which was frequently.

  It wasn’t old Pete’s fault. It wasn’t
anybody's fault. It was just blamed
hard luck, and it lasted through the
whole blamed afternoon. And by the
time they pulled into Elk River, where
Regan had wired for another car, and
had transferred the baggage, the Direc-
tors’ Special, as far as temper went, was
as touchy as a man with a bad case of
gout. As they coupled on the new car,
Regan spoke to old Dan in the cab—-
spoke from his heart.

  “We're two hours late, Dan—h’m?
For the love of Mike, let her out and
do something. That bunch back there’s
getting so polite to me you’d think the
words would melt in their mouths—-
what?”

  Old Dan puckered his face into a re-
assuring smile under the peak of his
greasy cap.

  “I guess we’re all right now we’ve got
rid of that car,” he said. “You leave
it to me. You leave it to me, Regan.”
Pete Chartrand, savage as though the
whole matter were a personal and di-
rect affront, reached up with a new tis-
sue to the cab window.

  “Two hours and ten minutes late!"
he snapped out. “Nice, ain't it! Di-
rectors’ Special, all the swells, we’re
doing ourselves proud ! Oh, thunder!”
“Keep your shirt on, Pete,” said Re-
gan, somewhat consistently. “Losing
your hair over it won’t do an}r good.
You’re not to blame, are you? Well,
then, forget it!”

  Two hours and ten minutes late! Bad

enough; but, in itself, nothing disas-
trous. It wasn't the first time in rail-
roading that schedules had gone aglim-
mering. Only there was more to it than
that. There were not a few other trains,
fast freights, passengers, locals, and
work trains, whose movements and the
movements of the Directors’ Special
were intimately connected, one with the
other. Two hours and ten minutes was
sufficient, a whole lot more than suffi-
cient, to play havoc with a dispatcher’s
carefully planned meeting points over a
hundred miles of right of way, and all
afternoon Donkin had been chewing his
lips oyer his train sheet back in the dis-
patcher’s office at Big Cloud, until the
Directors’ Special, officially Special 117,
had become a nightmare to him. Or-
ders, counter orders, cancellations, new
orders had followed each other all after-
noon. And now a new batch went out,
as the rehabilitated special went out of
Elk River, and Donkin, with a sigh of
relief at the prospect of clear sailing
ahead, pushed the hair out of his eyes
and relaxed a little as he began to give
back the “completes.”

  It wasn’t Donkin’s fault; there was
never so much as a hint that it wras.
The day man at Mitre Peak—forgot.
That’s all—but it’s a hard word, the
hardest there is in railroading. There
was a lot of traffic moving that after-
noon, and with sections, regulars, and
extras all trying to dodge Special 117,
they were crowding each other pretty
hard—and the day man at Mitre Peak
forgot.

  It was edging dusk as old Pete Char-
trand, from the Elk River platform,
lifted a finger to old Dan MacCaffery
in the cab, and old Dan, with a sort of
grim smile at the knowledge that the
honor of the Hill Division, what there
was left of it as far as Special 117 was
concerned, was up to him, opened out
the 565 to take the “rights” they’d given
him afresh for all there was in it.

  From Elk River to Mitre Peak,
THE AGE LIMIT

125

where the right of way crosses the Di-
vide, it is a fairly stiff climb. From
Mitre Peak to Glacier, at the canon bed,
it is an equally emphatic drop; and the
track in its gyrations around the base
of the towering, jutting peaks, where it
clings as a fly clings to a wall, is an
endless succession of short tangents and
shorter curves. The Rockies had been
subjected, but they had never been
tamed—nor ever will be. Silent, brood-
ing always, there seems a sullen pa-
tience about them, as though they were
waiting warily—to strike. There are
stretches, many of them, where no more
than a hundred yards will blot utterly
one train from the sight of another;
where the thundering reverberations of
the one, flung echoing back and forth
from peak to peak, drown utterly the
sounds of the other. And west of
Mitre Peak it is like this—and the oper-
ator at Mitre Peak forgot the holding
order for Extra Freight No. 69.

   It came quick, quick as the winking
 of an eye, sudden as the crack of doom.
 Extra Freight No. 69 was running
 west, too, in the same direction as the
 Directors’ Special; only Extra No.

 . &g was a heavy train and she was creep-
 ing down the grade like a snail, while
 the Directors’ Special, with the spur and
 prod of her own delinquency and mis-
 behavior, was hitting up the fastest clip
 that old Dan, who knew every inch of
 the road with his eyes shut, dared to
 give within the limits of safety on that
 particular piece of track.

   It came quick. Ten yards clear on
the right of way, then a gray wall of
rock, a short, right-angled dive of the
track around it—and, as the pilot of
the 565 nosed the curve, old Dan’s heart
for an instant stopped its beat. Three
red lights focvised themselves before his
eyes, the tail lights on the caboose of
Extra No. 69. There was a yell
from little Billy Dawes, his fireman.

  “Dan—Dan, we’re into her!” Dawes
yelled. “We’re into, her!”

  Cool old veteran, one of the best that
ever pulled a throttle in any cab, there
was a queer smile on old Dan MacCaf-
fery’s lips. He needed no telling that
disaster he could not avert, could only
in a measure mitigate, perhaps, was
upon them; but even as he checked,
checked hard, and checked again, the
thought of others was uppermost in his
mind—the train crew of the freight,
some of them, anyway, in the caboose.
Dawes was beside him now, almost at
his elbow, nervy and full of grit as the
engineer he’d shoveled for for five years
and thought more of than he did of any
other man on earth—and for the frac-
tion of a second old Dan MacCaffery
looked into the other’s eyes.

  “Give the boys in the caboose a
chance for their lives, Billy, in case
they ain’t seen or heard us,” he shouted
in his fireman’s ear. “Hold that whistle
lever down.”

  Twenty yards, fifteen, between them
—the 565 in the reverse bucking like a
maddened broncho, old Dan working
with all the craft he knew at his levers
—ten yards—and two men, scurrying
like rats from a sinking ship, leaped
from the tail of the caboose to the right
of way.

  “Jump!” The word came like a half
sob from old Dan. There was nothing
more that any man could do. And he
followed his fireman through the gang-
way.

  It made a mess—a nasty mess. From
the standpoint of traffic, as nasty a mess
as the Hill Division had ever faced.
The rear of the freight went to match-
wood, the 565, the baggage, and two
Pullmans turned turtle, derailing the
remaining cars behind; but, by a mir-
acle, it seemed, there wasn’t any one
seriously hurt.

  Scared? Yes—pretty badly. The di-
rectors, a shaken, white-lipped crowd,
poured out of the observation car to the
track side. There was no cigar in H.
Herrington Campbell’s mouth.
126

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  It was dark by then, but the wreck-
age caught fire and flung a yellow glow
far across the canon, and in a shadowy
way lighted up the immediate surround-
ings. Train crews and engine crews
of both trains hurried here and there,
torches and lanterns began to splutter
and wink, hoarse shouts began to echo
back and forth, adding their quota to
a weird medley of escaping steam and
crackling flame.

  Regan, from a hasty consultation with
old Dan MacCafFery and old Pete Char-
trand, that sent the two men on the
jump to carry out his orders, turned—
to face H. Herrington Campbell.

 “Nobody hurt, sir—thank God!”
puffed the fat little master mechanic,
in honest relief.

  H. Herrington Campbell’s eyes were
on the retreating forms of the engi-
neer and conductor.

  “Oh, indeed!” he said coldly. “And
the whole affair is hardly worth men-
tioning, I take it—quite a common oc-
currence. You’ve got some pretty old
men handling your trains out here,
haven’t you ?”

  Regan’s face went hard.

  “They’re pretty good men,” he said
shortly. “And there’s no blame com-
ing to them for this, Mr. Campbell, if
that’s what you mean.”

  H. Herrington Campbell’s fingers
went tentatively to his vest pocket for
a cigar, extracted the broken remains of
one—the relic of his own collision with
the back of a car seat where the smash
had hurled him—and threw it away
with an icy smile.

  “Blame ?” expostulated H. Herring-
ton Campbell ironically. “I don’t want
to blame any one; I’m looking for some
one to congratulate—011 the worst run
division and the most pitiful exempli-
fication of near-railroading I’ve had any
experience with in twenty years—Mr.
Regan.”

  For a full minute Regan did not
speak. He couldn’t. And then the

words came away with a roar from the
bluff little master mechanic.

  “By glory!” he exploded. “We don’t
take that kind of talk out here even
from general managers. Wre don’t have
to! That’s straight enough, ain’t it?
Well, I’ll give you some more of it,
now I’ve started. I don’t like you. I
don’t like that pained look on your
face. I’ve been filling up on you all
morning, and you don’t digest well. We
don’t stand for anything as raw as that
from any man on earth. And you
needn’t hunt around for any greased
words, as far as I’m concerned, to do
your firing with. You can have my res-
ignation as master mechanic of the
worst run division you’ve seen in twenty
years right now, if you want it—h’m?”

  H. Herrington Campbell was gal-
lantly preoccupied.

  “How long are we stalled here for—
the rest of the night?” he inquired ir-
relevantly.

  Regan stared at him a moment—still
apoplectic.

  “I’ve ordered them to run the for-
ward end of the freight to Glacier, and
take you down,” he said, choking a lit-
tle, “There’s a couple of flats left whole
that you can pile yourselves and your
baggage onto, and down at Glacier
they’ll make up a new train for you.”

  “Oh, very good,” said H. Herrington
Campbell curtly.

  And ten minutes later the Directors’
Special, metamorphosed into a string of
box cars with two flats trailing on the
rear, on which the newly elected board
of the Transcontinental sat, some on
their baggage, and some with their legs
hanging over the sides, pulled away
from the wreck and headed down the
grade for Glacier. Funny, the transi-
tion from the luxurious leather uphol-
stery of the observation to an angry,
chattering mob of magnates, clinging to
each others’ necks over the jouncing,
on the flooring of an old flat? Well,
perhaps—it depended on how you look
THE AGE LIMIT

127

at it. Regan looked at it—and Regan
grinned for the savagery that was in
him.

  “But I guess,” said Regan to himself,
as he watched them go, “I guess mabbe
I'll be looking for that job on the Penn,
after all—h’m?”

  Evei'ybody talked about the Directors’
Special run—naturally. And, naturally,
everybody wrondered what was going
to come from it. It was an open secret
that Regan had handed one to the gen-
eral manager without candy coating on
the pill, and the Hill Division sort of
looked to see the master mechanic’s
head fall and Regan go. But Regan did
not go; and, for that matter, nothing
else happened—for a while.

  Carleton came back and got the rights
of it from Regan—and said nothing to
Regan about his reply to H. Herrington
Campbell’s letter, in which he had stated
that if they were looking for a new mas-
ter mechanic there would be a division
superintendency vacant at the same
time. The day man at Mitre Peak quit
railroading—without waiting for an in-
vestigation. Old Dan MacCaffery and
Billy Dawes went back to their regular
run with the 304. And the division gen-
erally settled down again to its daily
routine—and from the perspective of
distance, if the truth be told, got to
grinning reminiscently at the run the
big bugs had had for their money.

  Only the grin came too soon.

  A week or so passed, pay day came
and went. And the day after that a
general order from the East hit the Hill
Division like a landslide.

  Carleton slit the innocent-looking of-
ficial manilla open with his paper knife,
chucked the envelope in the wastebas-
ket, read the communication, read it
again with gathering brows—and sent
for Regan. He handed the form to the
master mechanic without a word, as the
latter entered the office.

  Regan read it—read it again, as his
chief had—and two hectic spots grew

bright on his cheeks. It was brief, curt,
cold—for the good of the service, safety
and operating efficiency, it stated. In
a word, on and after the first of the
month the services of employees over
the age of sixty years would no longer
be required. Those were early days in
railroading; not a word about pensions,
not a word about half pay; just sixty
years and—out!

  The paper crackled in Regan’s
clenched fist; Carleton was beating a
tattoo on his teeth with the mouthpiece
of his pipe. There wasn’t another
sound in the office for a moment. Then
Regan spoke—and his voice broke a
little.

  “It’s a damned shame!” he said,
through his teeth. “It’s that skunk
Campbell.”

  “How many men does it affect ?”
asked Carleton, looking through the
window.

  “I don’t know,” said the little master
mechanic bitterly; “but I know one that
it’ll hit harder than all the rest put to-
gether—and that’s old Dan MacCaf-
fery.”

  There was hurt in the super’s gray
eyes, as he looked at the big-hearted lit-
tle master mechanic’s working face.

  “I was thinking of old Dan myself,”
he said, in his low, quiet way.

  “He hasn’t a cent!” stormed Regan.
“Not a cent—not a thing on earth to
fall back on. Think of it! Him and
that little old missus of his, God bless
her sw^eet old face, that have been
scrimping all these years to pay back
what that blasted kid robbed out of the
bank. It ain’t right, Carleton. Sixty
years! There ain’t a better man ever
pulled a latch in a cab, there ain’t a bet-
ter one pulling one anywhere to-day
than old Dan MacCaffery. And—and
I kind of feel as though I were to blame
for this, in a way.”

  “To blame?” repeated Carleton.

  “I put him on that run, and Riley
put old Pete Chartrand on. It kind of
128

THE (PO<PULAcR MAGAZINE

stuck them under Campbell’s nose. The
two of them together, the two oldest
men—and the blamedest luck that ever
happened on a run!”

  Carleton shook his head. “I don’t
think it would have made any differ-
ence in the long run, Tommy. I told
you there’d be changes as soon as the
new board sat in the saddle.”

  Regan tugged viciously at his scraggly
brown mustache.

  “Mabbe,” he growled fiercely; “but
Campbell’s seen old Dan now, or I’d
put one pver on the pup—I would that!
There ain’t any birth register that I
ever heard of out here in the mountains,
and if Dan said he was fifty I’d take
his word for it.”

  “Dan wouldn’t say that,” said Carle-
ton quietly, “not even to hold his job."

  “No, of course he wouldn’t!” splut-
tered the fat little master mechanic, bel-
ligerently inconsistent. “Who said he
would? And, anyway, it wouldn’t do
any good. Campbell asked him his age,
and Dan told him. And-—and—oh,
what’s the use? I know it, I know I’m
only talking, Carleton.”

  Neither of them said anything for a
minute; then Regan, pacing up and
down the room, spoke again:

  “It’s a clean sweep, eh? Train crews,
engine crews, everything—there ain’t
any other job for him. Over sixty is
out everywhere. A white man; one of
the whitest”—Regan sort of said it to
himself—“old Dan MacCaffery. Who’s
to tell him ?”

  Carleton drew a match, with a long,
crackling noise, under the arm of his
chair.

  “Me?” said Regan, and his voice
broke again. He stopped before the
desk, and, leaning over, stretched out
his arm impulsively across it. “I’d
rather have that arm cut off than tell
him, Carleton,” he said huskily. “I
don’t know what he’ll say, I don’t know
what he’ll do, but I know it will break
his heart, and break Mrs. MacCaffery’s

heart—Carleton.” He took another turn
the length of the room and back again.
“But I guess it had better be me,” said
the little master mechanic, more to him-
self than to Carleton. “I guess it had.
I’d hate to think of his getting it so’s
it would hurt any more than it had to.”
And so Tommy Regan told old Dan
MacCaffery that afternoon, the day
after pay day.

  Regan didn't mean to exactly, not
then. He was kind of putting it off, as
it were, until next day, and fretting him-
self sick over it. But that afternoon
old Dan, on his way down to the round-
house—Dan took out the regular pas-
senger local that left Big Cloud at six-
fifty-five every evening, and an hour
ahead of running time with the 304 was
as much a habit with Dan as breathing
was—hunted Regan up in the latter’s
office, just before the six-o’clock whis-
tle blew. For an instant Regan thought
the engineer had somehow or other al-
ready heard the news, but a glance at
Dan’s face dispelled that idea as quickly
as it had come. Dan was always smil-
ing, but there was a smile on the wiz-
ened, puckered, honest old face now that
seemed to bubble out all over it.

  “Regan,” said old Dan, bursting with
happy excitement, “I just had to drop
in and tell you on the way over to the
roundhouse, and the missus, she says,
‘You tell Mr. Regan, Dan; he’ll be
right down glad.’ ”

  Regan got up out of his chair. There
seemed a sense of disaster coming some-
how that set him to breathing heavily.

  “Sure, Dan—sure,” he said weakly.
“What is it?”

  “Well,” said Dan, “you know that—
that trouble the boy got into back—

back-”

  “Yes, I know,” said Regan hastily.
“Well,” said Dan, “it’s taken a long
time, a good many years, but yester-
day, you know, was pay day; and to-
day, Regan, we, the missus and me,
Regan, sent the last of that money East,
THE AGE LIMIT

129

interest and all, the last cent of it,
cleaned it all up. Say, Regan, I feel
like I was walking on air, and you’d
ought to have seen the missus sitting
up there in the cottage and smiling
through the tears. ‘Oh, Dan F she says,
and then she gets up and puts her two
hands on my shoulders, and I felt
blamed near like crying myself. ‘We
can start in now, Dan, to save up for
old age/ she says, smiling. Say, Re-
gan, ain’t it—ain’t it fine? We’re going
to start in now and save up for old
age.”

  Regan didn’t say a word. It came
■with a rush, choking him up in his
throat, and something misty in front of
his eyes so he couldn’t see—and he
turned his back, searching for his hat
on the peg behind his desk. He jammed
his hat on his head, and jerked it low
down over his forehead.

  “Ain’t you—glad?" said old Dan, a
sort-of puzzled hurt in his ey es.

  “I’ll walk over a bit of the way to the
roundhouse with you, Dan,” said Re-
gan gruffly. “Come on.”

  They stepped out of the shops, and
across a spur, old Dan, still puzzled,
striding along beside the master me-
chanic.

  “What’s the matter, Regan?” he
asked reproachfully. “I thought you’d
be-”

  And then Regan stopped, and his
hand fell in a tight grip on the other’s
shoulder.

  “I got to tell you, Dan,” he blurted
out. “But I don’t need to tell you
what I think of it. It’s a damned
shame! The new crowd that’s running
this road don't want anybody helping
’em to do it after the first of the month
that’s over sixty years of age. You’re
—you’re out.”

  Old Dan didn’t seem to get it for a
minute; then a whiteness crept around
his lips; and his eyes, from Regan,
seemed to circuit in a queer, wistful
way about the yqrds and fix finally on

C9A

the roundhouse in front of him; and
then he lifted his peaked cap, in the way
he had of doing, and scratched near his
ear, where the hair was. He hit Regan
pretty hard with what he said.

  “Regan,” he said, “there’s two w-eeks
yet to the end of the month. Don’t tell
her, Regan, and don’t you let the boys
tell her—there’s two weeks she don’t
need to worry. I’d like to have her
have them two weeks.”

  Regan nodded. There weren’t any
words that would come, and he couldn’t
have spoken them if there had.

  “Yes,” said old Dan, whispering to
himself, “I’d kind of like to have her
have them two weeks.”

  Regan cleared his throat, pulled at his
mustache, swore under his breath, and
cleared his throat again.

  “What’ll you do, Dan—afterward ?”
Old Dan straightened up, looked at
Regan, and smiled. “I dunno,” he said,
shaking his head and smiling. “I dunno ;
but it’ll be all right. We’ll get along
somehow.” His eyes shifted to the
roundhouse again. “I guess I’d better
be getting over to the 304/’ he said, and
turned abruptly away.

  Regan watched him go, watched the
overalled figure with a slight shoulder
stoop cross the turntable, watched until
the other disappeared inside the round-
house doors; and then he turned and
walked slowly across the tracks and up-
town toward his boarding house. “Don’t
tell her”—the words kept reiterating
themselves insistently—r“don’t let the
boys tell her.”

  “I guess they won’t,” said Regan,
muttering fiercely to himself. “I guess
they won’t.”

  Nor did they. The division and Big
Cloud kept the secret for those two
weeks—and they kept it for long after
that. The little old lady 111 the lace cap
never knew—they ranked her high,
those pioneering womenkind of hers in
that little mountain town., those rough-
130

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

and-ready toilers who had been her
husband’s mates—she never knew.

  But everybody else knew, and they
watched old Dan, as the days went by,
watched him, somehow, with a tight
feeling in their throats, and kept aloof a
little—because they didn’t know what
to say—kept aloof a little awkwardly, as
it were. Not that there seemed much
of any difference in the old engineer;
it was more a something that they
sensed. Old Dan came down to the
roundhouse in the late afternoon an
hour before train time, just as he al-
ways did, puttered and* oiled around,
and coddled the 304 for an hour, just
as he always did, just as though he was
always going to do it, took his train out,
came back on the early-morning run,
backed the 304 into the roundhouse, and
trudged up Main Street to where it
began to straggle into the buttes, to
where his cottage and the little old lady
were—just as he always did. And the
little old lady, with the debt paid, went
about the town for those two weeks
happier looking, younger looking than
Big Cloud had even seen her before.
That was all.

  But Regan, worrying, pulling at his
mustache, put it up to little Billy Dawes,
old Dan’s fireman, one day in the round-
house near the end of the two w'eeks.

  “How’s Dan take it in the cab, Billy ?”
he asked.

  The little fireman rolled the hunk of
greasy waste in his hands, and swabbed
at his fingers with it for a moment be-
fore he answered; then he sent a stream
of blackstrap juice viciously into the
pit, and with a savage jerk hurled the
hunk of was'te after it and swore
fiercely.

  Regan blinked—and waited.

  “Just the same as ever he was,” said
Billy Dawes huskily, after a silence.
“Just the same—when he thinks you’re
not looking. I’ve seen him sometimes
when he didn’t know I was looking.”

  Regan said “H’m!” reached for his

plug, as was usual with him in times
of stress, bit into it deeply, sputtered
something hurriedly about new piston
rings for the left-hand head, and, mut-
tering to himself, left the roundhouse.

  And that night old Dan MacCaffery
took out the 304 and the local passenger
for the run wrest and the run back east
-—just as he always did. And the next
night, and for two nights after that
he did the same.

  Came then the night of the thirty-
first.

  It w^as the fall of the year, and the
dusk fell early; and by a little after
six, with the oil lamps lighted, that at
best only filtered spasmodic yellow
streaks of gloom about the roundhouse,
the engines back on the pits wrere be-
ginning to loom up through the murk
in big, grotesque, shadowy shapes as
Regan, crossing the turntable, paused
for a moment hesitantly. Why he was
there he didn’t know. He hadn’t meant
to be there. He was just a little early
for his nightly game of pedro with
Carleton over in the super’s office. It
wasn’t much more than half past six.
So he had had some time to put in—
that must be about the size of it. He
hadn't meant to come. There wasn’t
any use in it, none at all, nothing he
could do; better, in fact, if he stayed
away. Only he had left the boarding
house early, and he was down there
now, standing on the turntable, and it
was old Dan’s last run.

  “I guess,” mumbled Regan, “I’ll go
back over the station. Carleton’ll be
along in a few minutes. I guess I will,
h’m?”—only Regan didn’t. He started
on again slowly over the turntable, and
entered the roundhouse.

  There wasn’t anybody in sight
around the pit on which the 304
stood, nobody puttering over the links
and motion gear, poking here and
there solicitously with a long-spouted
oil can, as he had half, more than half,
expected to find old Dan doing; but
THE AGE LIMIT

131

he heard some one moving about in
the cab, and caught the flare of a torch.
Regan walked down the length of the
engine, and peered into the cab. It was
Billy Dawes.

 “Where’s Dan, Billy? Ain’t he
about ?” inquired Regan.

  The fireman came out into the gang-
way.

  “Yes,” he answered; “he’s down there
back of the tender by the fitter’s
benches. He’s looking for some wash-
ers he said he wanted for a loose stud
nut. I’ll get him for you.”

  “No; never mind,” said Regan. “I’ll
find him.”

  It was pretty dark at the rear of
the roundhouse in the narrow space
between the engine tenders on the vari-
ous pits and the row of workbenches
that flanked the wall, and for a mo-
ment, as Regan reached the end of the
304’s tender, he could not see any one.
And then he stopped short as he made
out old Dan’s form down on the floor
by the end bench as though he were
groping for something underneath it.

  For a minute, two perhaps, Regan
stood there motionless, watching old
Dan MacCaffery. Then he drew back,
tiptoed softly away, went out through
the engine doors, and, as he crossed
the tracks to the station platform,
brushed his hand hurriedly across his
eyes.

  Regan didn’t play much of a game
of pedro that night. His heart wasn't
in it. Carleton had barely dealt the
first hand when Regan heard the 304
backing down and coupling onto the
local, and he got tip from his chair
and walked to the window7, and stood
there watching until the local pulled
out.

  Carleton didn’t say anything—just
dealt the cards over again, and began
once more as Regan resumed his seat.

  An hour passed. Regan, fidgety and
nervous, played in a desultory fashion ;
Carleton, disturbed, patiently correct-

ing the master mechanic’s mistakes.
The game was a farce.

  “What’s the matter, Tommy?” asked
Carleton gravely as Regan made a mis-
deal twice in succession.

  “Nothing,” said Regan shortly. “Go
on, play; it’s your bid.”

  Carleton shook his head.

  “You’re taking it too much to heart,
Tommy,” he said. “It won’t do you
any good—either of you—-you or Dan.
He’ll pull out of it somehow. You’ll
see.”

  There was a queer look on Regan’s
face as he stared for an instant at
Carleton across the table, and he opened
his lips as though to say something—■
and closed them again in a hard line
instead.

  Carleton bid.

  “It’s yours,” said Regan.

  Carleton led. And then Regan, with
a sweep of his hand, shot his cards into
the center of the table.

  “It’s no good,” he said gruffly, get-
ting up. “I can’t play the blamed game
to-night. I——” He stopped sud-
denly and turned his head as a chair
scraped sharply in the dispatcher’s
room next door.

  A step sounded in the hall, the
super's door was flung open, and
Spence, on the night trick, put in his
head.

  One glance at the dispatcher and
Carleton was on his feet.

  “What’s the matter, Spence?” he
asked, quick and hard.

  Regan hadn’t moved, but Regan
spoke now, answering the question that
was addressed to the dispatcher, and
answering it in a strangely assertive,
absolute, irrefutable way.

  “The local,” he said. “Number forty-
seven. Dan MacCaflfery’s dead.”

  Both men stared at him in amaze-
ment, and Spence mechanically nodded
his head.

  “Yes,” said Spence, still staring at
Regan, “there was some sort of en~
132

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

gine trouble just west of Big. Eddy in
the Beaver Canon. I’ve cleared the
line and ordered the wrecker out, but
I haven’t got the rights of it yet, only
that somehow MacCaffery got his en-
gine stopped just in time to keep the
train from going over the bridge em-
bankment—and went out doing it.
There’s no one else hurt. Dawes, the
fireman, and Conductor Neale walked
back to Big Eddy. I've got them 011
the wire now. Come into the other
room.”

   Regan stepped to the door, and, with
Carleton behind him, followed Spence
into the dispatchers’ room. There
Carleton, tight-lipped, leaned against the
-table; Regan, his face like stone, took
his place at Spence’s elbow as the dis-
patcher dropped into his chair.

  There wasn’t a sound in the room
for a moment save the clicking of the
sender in a quick tattoo under Spence’s
fingers. Then Spence picked up a pen-
cil and began scribbling the message
011 a pad as the sounder spoke. Billy
Dawes was dictating his story to the
Big Eddy operator.

   “It was just west of Big Eddy, just
before you get to the curve at the
approach to the Beaver bridge,’’ came
Dawes’ story, ‘‘and we wrere hitting up
a fast clip, but no more than usual,
when we got a jolt in the cab that
spilled me into the tender and knocked
Dan off his seat. It all come so quick
there wasn’t'time to think, but I knew
•we’d shed a driver on Dan’s side, and
the rod was cutting the side of the cab
like a knife through cheese. I heard
Dan shout something about the train
going over the embankment and mto
the river if we ever hit the Beaver
curve, and then he jumped for the
throttle and the air. There wasn’t a
chance in a million for him, but it was
the only chance for every last one of
the rest of us. He made it somehow,
I don’t know how; it’s all a blur to
me. He checked her, and then the

rod caught him, and-” The sounder

broke, almost with a human sob in it,
it seemed, and then went on again:
‘‘We stopped just as the three hundred
and four turned turtle. None of the
coaches left the rails. That’s all.”
Regan spoke through dry lips.

  “Ask him what Dan was like in the
cab to-night,” he said hoarsely.

  Spence looked up and around at the
master mechanic as though he had not
heard aright.

  “Ask him what I say,” repeated
Regan shortly. “What was Dan like
in the cab to-night?”

  Spence bent over his key again.
There was a pause before the answer
came.

  “He sa3's he hadn’t seen Dan so
cheerful for months,” said Spence pres-
ently.

  Regan nodded curiously, as though
it were the answer he expected—and
then he nodded at Carleton, and the^
two went back to the super’s room. J
Regan closed the door behind him.
Carleton dropped into his chair, his
gray eyes hard and full of pain.

  “I don’t understand, Tommy,” he
said heavily. “It’s almost as though
you knew it was going to happen.”
Regan came across the floor, and
stood in front of the desk.

  “I did,” he -said in a low way. “I
think I was almost certain of it.”
Carleton pulled himself forward with
a jerk in his chair.

  "Do you know7 what you are saying,
Tommy?” he asked sharply.

  'Til tell you,” Regan said, in the
same low way. “I went over to the
roundhouse to-night before Dan took
the three hundred and four out. I
didn’t see Dan anywhere about, and I
asked Dawes where he was. Dawes
said he had gone back to the fitters’
benches to look for some washers. I
walked on past the tender and I found
him there down 011 the floor on his
knees by one of the benches; but he
THE AGE LIMIT

133

wasn’t looking for any washers. He
was praying.”

  With a sharp exclamation Carleton
pushed back his chair, and, standing,
leaned over the desk toward Regan.

  Regan swallowed a lump in his throat
—and shook his head.

  “He didn’t see me,” he said brokenly;
“he didn’t know I was there. He was
praying aloud. I heard what he said.
It’s been ringing in my head all night,
word for word, while I was trying to
play with those”—he jerked his hand
toward the scattered cards on the desk
between them. “I can hear him saying
it now. It’s the queerest prayer I ever
heard, and I guess he prayed the way
he lived.”

  “Yes?” prompted Carleton softly as
Regan paused.

  Regan turned his head away as his
eyes filled suddenly—and his voice was
choked.

  “What he said was this, just as
though he was talking to you or me:
‘You knofy how it is. I wouldn’t take
that way myself unless You fixed it up
for me, because it wouldn’t be right

unless You did it. But I hope You’ll
think that’s the best way out of it. You
see, there ain't nothing left as it is,
but if we fixed it that way there’d be
the fraternal insurance to take care of
the missus, and she wouldn’t never
know. And then my work is all done,
and—and I’d like to quit while I was
still on the pay roll—I’d like to finish
that way, and to-night’s the last
chance.5 ”

  Regan’s lips were quivering as he
stopped.

  There was silence for a moment, then
Carleton looked up from the blotter on
his desk.

  “Tommy,” he said in his big, quiet
way, as his hand touched Regan’s
sleeve, “tell me why you didn’t stop
him from going out to-night?”

  Regan didn’t answer at once. He
went over to the window and stared
out at the twinkling switch lights in
the yards below—he was still staring
out of the window as he spoke.

  “He didn’t put it up to me,” said
Regan. “He put it up to God.”

MAKING IT A LITTLE TOO STRONG

JUST outside a small town in the South the colored Baptists were conducting
a tremendous revival meeting. Great sermons were being preached, religious
fervor was at its height, and souls were being saved every day.

    In order to keep up the good work, the leading Baptist minister in charge
invited the leading colored Methodist minister to cooperate with him in the serv-
ices. The invitation was accepted.

    When the time came for the Baptist to offer prayer for the evening, the
Methodist, in order to show his enthusiasm and cooperation, punctuated the
various sentences and pleas by shouting out:

   “Amen! Amen!”

    This happened more than half a dozen times, and the congregation was
stirred to an unusual degree by the repeated “Amen ! Amen V’

    At last the Baptist, reaching the peroration of his prayer, said in a loud,
exultant tone:

    “An’ please grant dat each one of dese sinnahs will come forward and be
immersed.”

    This ended the enthusiasm of the Methodist, who shocked everybody by
shouting at the top of his voice:

   “Naw, suh! Naw, suh!”
The Conflict

A TALE OF THE WAR OF THE NATIONS]

By Colonel Max Desprez

SYNOPSIS OF PART I

    As Robert Cameron, diplomatic representative of the United States to Luxembourg, awakes from his
midsummer afternoon siesta, he is astonished and delighted to find his friend, Fairfax Morgan, a young
American physician and tennis enthusiast, at his chateau gates. Morgan is in love with the diplomat’s
niece, Charlotte, who even at that very moment is receiving marked attention from Count Von HolJman,
a German army officer of high rank. Cameron introduces the two men who are destined to become deadly
rivals. An informal party is held on the lawn at which Von Hollman brews “May wine” and indulges in a
sinister toast—“To the 'Day’!” Furthermore, he predicts that Morgan will see no tennis tournament at
Nice that summer. Hardly has he spoken when the rumble of distant cannon is heard and German uhlans
are seen patroling the peaceful streets of Luxembourg. Germany is preparing for war with France! A
telegram causes Von Hollman to leave the Cameron chateau hastily. Forgetting for a moment these
ominous signs, Morgan accuses Charlotte of being in love with the German officer, but she soon convinces
him of his folly in entertaining such thoughts. Excitment follows apace. That night a French aviator
swoops down upon the Cameron grounds, huge Zeppelins in chase. Etienne Martin, the pursued bird man,
begs for petrol that he may reach his country and warn it of its danger. Healy, Morgan’s rough but true-
hearted chaffeur, gives the needed gasolene to Martin, while Morgan, in his anxiety to help the airman,
intercepts a charging uhlan, throwing the horseman to earth and into unconsciousness. Thus Martin gets
the precious fuel, and flys into the night sky, the Zeppelins still after him. Von Hollman then appears at
the chateau, furious at the abetted escape of the French aviator, and puts Morgan and Healy under arrest.
The indications are that they will be court-martialed for interfering with a German soldier in discharge
of his duty.	-y

(A Novel in Four Parts—Part It.)

CHAPTER VI.

THE POWER OF THE MACHINE.

PEEDING along the Boulevard
Adalbert, Morgan and his chauf-
feur, as prisoners, got their first
glimpse of history in the making
—the occupation of neutral territory
by the advance guard of an army of
invasion, bent upon striking at a foe
beyond.

  Reposing in the fancied security of
a treaty guaranteed by major powers
of Europe, inviolate for many years,
the residents of the duchy had never
dreamed of such an astounding pro-
ceeding—not to say such an unprece-
dented one. The swift entrance of the
uhlans had given no opportunity for
an alarm; and even had one been possi-

ble, what could this Pomeranian spaniel
principality of less than one thousand
square miles have done to check the
advance of the gigantic mastiff of Ger-
many, bent on camping in its diminu-
tive kennel for the night?

 Or what resistance would have
availed on the part of a quarter of a
million peaceful, devout inhabitants,
against the overpowering horde of ex-
pertly trained Germans, every man of
whom between eighteen and forty-five
had only to take down his uniform and
weapons if commanded so to do?

  Although the night was now well
advanced, nevertheless the atmosphere
of disturbance on the one hand and mil-
itary precision on the other were every-
where perceptible. As the auto con-
taining Colonel Otto von Hollman and

Tliis story began in the issue of the POPULAR published October 23rd.
THE CONFLICT	135

his prisoners whirled past the Central
Station and tram terminus, afterburn-
ing into the Avenue de la Garde, the
troops were already in command of the
place, and, farther along, little knots
of station employees and mechanics
were descried being convoyed toward
the Plateau du Rham. Morgan shud-
dered. The prison was on the plateau.

  To his surprise, however, their own
machine kept straight on across the
main viaduct spanning the Petrusse,
instead of turning toward the prison. It
thundered across the river, the sentries
saluting the machine with a respect that
was obvious. The deference—not to
say reverence—on several faces struck
Morgan as rather singular under such
circumstances, and he watched Von
Hollman narrowly. The count’s face,
however, was inscrutable.

  As they entered the main part of the
city of Luxembourg, turning around
the Cathedral Notre Dame, passing the
ducal palace, and the Place d’Armes
where .pnly a few hours before the in-
habitants had gathered to enjoy a con-
cert by the municipal band, other signs
of the invasion were plainly discerni-
ble. Gray-clad sentries in spiked hel-
mets were at almost every corner.
Rapid-fire guns, still canvas covered,
were in position to command the streets
of the city from all directions, fronting
the Avenue de la Arsenal and the Eich
Road.

  They halted under the frowning
walls of the Palace of Justice, and
bard by the entrance to the Hotel de
Ville, whose concourse was bristling
with staff officers. Evidently this was
to be the brigade headquarters for the
night. Morgan and Healy descended
at a curt command.

  The military efficiency, the steadi-
ness, and purpose of the German occu-
pation drove the iron of despair
deeper into the souls of both men as
they ascended the steps. ' They felt
themselves caught in the maw of a vast

and complicated machine. Protest or
resistance seemed useless.

  It was war, war as a business, as the
Germans wage it, and not the feverish
fantasy of a troubled dream.

  The two were left in a small room.
A sentry, with fixed bayonet, guarded,
the window, another stood at the door.
Presently a lieutenant came with two
more men. They were searched, and
the process was courteous but thorough
and efficient. Morgan, whose knowl-
edge of German was limited, neverthe-
less comprehended the mutter of the
officer as he left—-something to the ef-
fect that he was an English spy, send-
ing information to that country by way
of America.

  “Say !” demanded Healy, as the door
again closed upon them. “What does
that bird think he’s saying—hey?”
Morgan shook his head soberly. “I’m
afraid that we made a mistake in try-
ing to help that aviator.”

  “This is like the third degree,” said
Healy. “But the couht has got nothing
on us. He didn’t see us hand out the
gasoline. He has no evidence.”

  “He seems to think he has,” replied
Morgan. A deep, melodious chorus of
“Deutschland, Deutschland iiber Al-
les’’ floated through the open window.
Another detachment of infantry was
marching past—then another and yet
another, the last lustily singing “Die
Wacht am Rhein.”

  “A bunch of singing societies,” com-
mented Healy, with a levity that w^s
not at all in keeping with Morgan’s
mood. “Cheer up, doc! On the dead
level, we have a chanst to beat this
charge, whatever it is! I’ll get woid

out to me district leader, and then-”

  Morgan looked at him seriously. The
somberness of his expression caused
Healy’s mouth to droop and the smile
to leave his eyes. But Morgan was not
thinking so much of himself as of
Healy. Had he warned Healy of the
risk which they were both running,
136

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

when giving aid and comfort to an ac-
knowledged French spy, Healy might
have most wisely decided to allow
Etienne Martin to shift for himself—at
least he would have had a freedom of
choice in the matter, instead of allow-
ing his habitual blind devotion to his
employer to place him in this decidedly
unpleasant position. Morgan resolved,
whatever else occurred, to shoulder the
blame. Healy could not be punished, in
that event. The chauffeur’s education
had never included lectures on the rights
of belligerents; abstruse discourses on
articles of war; the difference between
noncombatants and spies, nor any of
the other thousand-and-one technical
rules by which civilized nations have
agreed that their wholesale murders
shall be conducted.

  The physician’s reverie went back to
the beginning—to the very hour when
he had rolled up in his auto, and re-
ceived Mr. Cameron’s handclasp of
welcome, to Count Otto von Hollman’s
subtle arrogance toward him; to the
toast which the German had drunk with
the ominous words: “To the day!”

  That toast held an unpleasant sig-
nificance. It was the terse expression
of the deep-seated racial ambition and
hope—a pledge to the hour when Ger-
many should spring into the sunlight,
the ruler of the world. Surely the
count, for all his sneers at the imprac-
tical, was a dreamer and visionary him-
self. And surely, too, his dream was
a glorious one.

  For years it had been drunk—not by
the'rank and file of German population
—but by the hereditary descendants
of the house of Hohenzollern and the
military caste which had kept all Eu-
rope in a state of apprehension since
the Franco-German war.

  “To the day!”

  Why had Count Otto von Hollman
—a well-bred man—selected such a
florid toast at an innocuous lawn party,
in neutral territory, and within the

privileged residence of the minister of
a foreign power?

  He was thinking of the peculiar ex-
pression of the count’s eyes as Von
Hollman gazed steadily at him over
the brimming goblet of his fourth drink
of the “May wine/’ when Healy’s voice
broke in upon his attempted analysis
of conditions—as if in answer to his
unspoken question.

  “Say, doc!”

  “What is it, Healy?”

  “The count is a nut!”

  “What makes you think that?”
“On the dead level, doc, I knew it
the minute I seen him. If our machine
hadn’t been a self-starter, I'd have hit
him with the crank'handle. He isn’t
a dope fiend and he isn’t crazy, yet—but
he’s on his way there. Did you ever
see eyes like his before?”

  In spite of his desperate plight, Mor-
gan laughed. Then he leaned forward.

  “Not too loud, Healy. We are pris-
oners, remember.”

  Healy lowered his voice to & husky
whisper as he continued:

  “I don’t say he’s crazy just because
he locked us up here.” Healy pushed
one of the little iron chairs with which
the room was furnished in Morgan’s
direction and took another for himself.
"It was his duty to do that. Nobody
could help seem’ that Private Strass-
man had been hurt and that young
Frenchy must have had some help in
getting away. But that May wine went
to his head a little too quick. He’s
dreamed a lot about that ‘Day’ he talks
about, and he’s a nut as sure as you
live. A man gets a big idea like that in
his head and then by and by the idea
gets him. The count ought to cut out
the May wine and the ‘Hochs’ and them
fancy uniforms and go and live on a
farm on a milk diet.”

  Another might have treated Healy’s
ideas as an alienist with scant considera-
tion, but Morgan regarded him gravely.
A fixed and dominating idea has always
THE CONFLICT

13 7

been a dangerous thing, and certainly
Hollman was fixed and dominated by
the idea of Germany’s future as the
greatest of the world powers. And the
circumstances that surrounded them
now were not such as to calm the mind
of a man with the faintest instinct for
military glory and display. Even the
steady pulse of Morgan beat a trifle
faster at the steady, maddening roll of
drums that they heard outside, and the
shattering blare of bugles. And if
Hollman were a little affected it was
not a consoling thing to remember that
in the near future he was likely to be
the most valuable friend and companion
that Charlotte could find. There was
enough to worry about, however, in
their own immediate case without bor-
rowing trouble in regard to the future.

  Morgan was tired, and, stretching
himself, glanced around the room to see
what provisions had been made for
their comfort. A small iron cot was set
011 each side of the room. There were
several iron tables decorated with
steins and big china pipes. Also the
room contained the most complete and
variegated assortment of spittoons that
it had ever been Morgan’s good for-
tune to behold. Outside of an iron
washstand and several small iron chairs
this was all.

  Morgan was still smiling a little at
this Prussian military idea of a fur-
nished bedroom, when the hands of the
two sentinels sprang to salute, and Von
Hollman entered the room. In the uni-
form of the Death Hussars, he was an
even more notable sight than in civilian
clothes. His eye passed over Healy as
though he did not see him. He nodded
to Morgan, but his face was grave.

  “I am sorry,” he said, “that this has
happened. I am unusually busy to-
night, but I have ordered that this room
where you are to be held for the pres-
ent be made as comfortable as possi-
ble.”

  “Oh, that’s all right,” said Morgan,

“I don’t mind this. But how long
must I stay here?”

  “You are to be tried,” said Hollman,
“by court-martial for an assault on
Trooper Strassman, and for assistance
given to a French aviator. I would, if
I could, secure your liberty to-night.
Mr. Cameron and Miss Cameron have
both urged it upon me, but it is a mat-
ter entirely out of my power.”

  “I assaulted no one,” said Morgan.
“Strassman, if he is able to talk, will
appear against you in the morning. It
will be for the court to decide, then.”
“And I am liable to an imprison-
ment?”

  “Imprisonment!” Hollman’s eye-
brows went up at a sharp angle. “Per-
haps so; but military necessity is some-
times sterner than that.”

  Morgan was a man who had always
imagined himself quite above the impu-
tation of physical cowardice. He had
lived a life adventurous far beyond the
ordinary, and, although he had known
times when he had been anxious and
even worried, it was at this moment
that for the first time in his life he
tasted the sickening and terrible sensa-
tion of absolute fear. He stood up-
right, but felt as if he were sinking.

  The dark figure of the count seemed
that of an executioner.

  The light from the gas jets gleamed
on the bayonets of the two sentries.
The early-morning sun might send such
a glitter from the bayonets of a firing
squad. The room with its paneled
walls and hanging candelabra swayed
before him, then steadied again. Mor-
gan heard his own voice speaking. It
sounded as if it were a long way off.

  “You need not say any more,” the
far-off voice—his own—was saying. “I
understand. But I want to go on rec-
ord now as saying that Mr. Cameron
had no knowledge of the affair what-
ever, and that my chauffeur, Healy, had
nothing to do with any accident to any
German soldier.”
138

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Hollman was watching him nar-
rowly.

  “You are a brave man, Mr. Morgan,”
he said. “I am sorry we have not
known each other longer. I will with-
draw these sentries and have your
chauffeur removed to another room. I
hope that you will have a comfortable
night. Perhaps you will shake hands
with me.”

  Any feeling of resentment or jeal-
ousy that might have been in Morgan's
breast was now overcome in the stunned
bewilderment of his present situation.
He felt his hand crushed in Hollman’s,
He saw Healy disappear with a soldier
on either side of him. The door
slammed shut, and he heard bolts shot
on the other side. He was left alone
in a garishly lit, silk-paneled room fur-
nished with iron tables and chairs and
iron beds.

  In Luxembourg of yesterday, the
Luxembourg which now seemed an
old-world place, this might have been
a concert room or a ballroom. But now
the gilt chairs were gone and iron chairs
filled their place. There were soldiers
cots where lounges had been.

  French grace and luxury and Prus-
sian iron! How long could such a con-
test last? What chance had France
against this new race of conquerors!
As if in answer to his thoughts, a- new
sound of fifes and snare drums arose
from the street. Going to one of the
tall windows, he looked down at the
moonlit square. At intervals of fifteen
feet or so were the gleaming bayonets
and spiked helmets of sentries. Across
the middle of the square passed an-
other fresh regiment of infantry, the
men marching steadily and with in-
credible speed beneath their heavy ac-
couterments. The shrill fifes and rat-
tling drums sounded farther and far-
ther away in the distance, but still re-
mained the steady tramp of feet.

  Germany armed and all powerful was'
sweeping through Luxembourg, south

and west. A great machine of flesh and
blood and steel and iron. Armored
motor trucks, guns dragged by traction
engines capable of doing the work of
sixty horses, lumbering vans, even trav-
eling kitchens, swept past under the
moon. This was the machine in which
he had been caught. He had tried to
snatch one life out of its path, and he
himself might pay the penalty. The
gentle outward bearing of Hollman
gave him no comfort. He knew that
if ever a man had become the living im-
personation of the Prussian system it
was Hollman. Something of the fanatic,
something of the lust of arbitrary
power was in the German’s face.. Mor-
gan felt no doubt that the count with
whom undoubtedly she was in love
would pursue Charlotte as relentlessly
as he worked for Germany. Such a
man, he thought, was not safe to trust
with an American girl.

  He turned back into the room, put
out the gas,' which flared and splut-
tered in the night wind, threw off his
coat and shoes, and flung himself on
the bed. He was tired, and he soon
slept. No dreams broke his repose.
Indeed, when he woke and saw the
morning light ^ streaming into the
strangely furnished room, it was as if
he were coming back to a horrible
dream world that he had escaped from
for a few hours.

CHAPTER VII.

COURT-MARTIAL !

  At eight o’clock that morning a
breakfast of bread and coffee was set
before Morgan. At ten a lieutenant—
none other than young Franz, who
had been detained in his search of the
Cameron house while Martin had es-
caped—appeared at the door. His or-
dinarily good-natured face was down-
cast and dejected, and he shook his head
gravely as Morgan rose to meet him.

  “This is a bad business,” he said. “I
THE CONFLICT

139

have been reprimanded, and lost a
chance for honorable mention, but you
—you are to be tried by court-martial
before Major von Graf.”

  ‘‘Is Von Graf the officer who hit my
chauffeur in the face?” Morgan had
no very pleasant recollection of the
man.

  “He is. I tell you you have little
chance. I have a file of men outside
to take you to the trial, but I give you
a minute now—for I believe that I am
speaking to a man who is soon to die.
Ach! I like not this war. To give
one's own life is well—but the other
things that a man must do!”

  Franz dropped his glance on the floor
and turned away from Morgan. His
own sorrow and horror were evident
enough, but there was something of
courtesy and consideration in the
averted gaze. He wanted Morgan to
have a moment to himself unobserved.
It was all that Franz could give him.

  The brilliant morning sunshine
streamed in across the trampled car-
pet. From somewhere near by came
the trilling of a canary. A thousand
birds were singing in the wooded slopes
of the Ardennes. That same sunlight
was sifting through the lime trees in
the peaceful chateau of Cameron. It
seemed impossible that this was to be
Morgan’s last sight of the sun, that this
was his last morning in the world.

  “What about Healy?” he said, at
length.

  “He will be arraigned with you/’
“Are his chances any better than
mine?”

  “No.”

  “It’s a damned outrage!” said Mor-
gan. “War had not been declared.
That boy knows nothing about the laws
of neutrality. Suppose he did give a
little gas to a Frenchman. He was only
helping out a man in a hole and obeying
one of the ordinary instincts of hu-
manity. You can bet something that
Mr. Cameron has wired the secretary

of state about this, and that it will cost
Germany something.”

  Franz advanced toward him and laid
a hand on his shoulder. “You are a
brave man,” he said, “You are hon-
est. You have but a few hours to live,
and I can speak freely to you. If any
other man than Count Otto von Holl-
man—any other man of the same rank
in the army of the Fatherland—were
in command of the forces here, I would
say that the worst that could have hap-
pened for you and the servant would
have been imprisonment in Spandau for
the period of the war. But Hollman!”
He threw out his hands in a gesture of
hopelessness.

  “Hollman is a friend of Mr. Cam-
eron’s.'’

  ‘ I'riend! What is friendship to him
when his wishes are opposed! Holl-
man is a gentleman of the highest
blood, he is an officer of the greatest
attainments and skill, but when his
wishes are opposed—he is a madman.
There are things I coukl tell you about
him.”

  “Why should he concern himself so
much in this affair?”

  “In England, perhaps in America, it
is not considered the part of a gen-
tleman to discuss ladies, but you are
about to die, and the time is one for
honesty. Von Hollman is in love with
the prinzessin, the niece of Mr. Cam-
eron. Every one in Luxembourg knows
it, and every one who knows Von Holl-
man knows that if she does not love
him she would be better out of the
country and back in the United States.
You are his rival, and now it is his
duty to the Fatherland to remove you
from his path.”

   “He isn’t running the court-martial.”
“Von Graf is, though, and Von Graf,
although he is my immediate superior,
is a brute. There are men such as he
in every army, and it is men like Von
Graf who give an army a bad name.”

  T don’t see how Von Hollman can
140

THE tPOVUL/ltR MAGAZINE

dare put me out of the way. He is
responsible to the government in Ber-
lin. They want the friendship of the
United States.”

  “Yon Hollman will dare anything—-
and there are secrets about the govern-
ment. Von Hollman is a bigger man
than his rank or name would indicate.
I don’t know what—but there is a mys-
tery about him.”

  ‘T am confident,” said Morgan, “that
if we could hold off this court-martial
till this afternoon, it would never come
off.”

  Franz shook his head. “You are
wrong,” he said.

 “Hasn’t Mr. Cameron cabled to
Washington and wired to Berlin?”
Franz nodded.

  “Those cables will be answered.”
Again Franz shook his head. “There
will be no answer to the cables or the
telegrams. Mr. Cameron wrote them,
and gave them to the telegraph official.
That is all. How do you know that
they have ever been sent ?”

  lie laid his hand on Morgan’s arm
just as the little ormolu clock on the
mantel struck the quarter hour.

  “Come,” he said, “I have given you
more time than I had intended.”

  Outside the door was a squad of four
infantrymen in grayish-green caps and
service uniforms, and with fixed bayo-
nets. With the consciousness that two
of these bayonets were very close to his
~back, Morgan was marched down a
flagged corridor, down a flight of stairs,
and into a great assembly room. There
were chairs for many people in the
room, but it was deserted save for sen-
tries at the doors and a sinister-looking
group of officers in brilliant uniforms
seated about a table on a raised plat-
form.

  Healy was there, very pale and quiet,
between two soldiers, and Morgan could
see, seated in the background, a big
giant of a man in the uniform of the
uhlans with a bandage about his head.

He had expected to see Mr. Cameron
there, but there were none but German
soldiers. Morgan moved to the place
he was directed, and looked down upon
the heavy face and pale, dull eyes of
Von Graf in a sort of daze. This speed
and expedition, the absence of Is. 1 r.
Cameron meant only one thing—that
what Lieutenant Franz had said was
true, and that he and Healy were being
railroaded to their death to please a
madman who happened to be in love
with Charlotte.

  He and Healy were left standing
while the proceedings went forward.
They moved with a businesslike brisk-
ness that left both the Americans too
bewildered to protest. One officer was
busy taking down a stenographic record
of the examination while the others
made occasional notes. Von Graf left
his position as presiding officer to tes-
tify himself. He spoke in German.
He pointed out Healy and Morgan, and
it was evident that he was identifying
them. There was no doubt about the
official correctness of the proceedings,
in spite of the dispatch with which they
were conducted.

  Morgan and Healy were represented
by counsel, a slim young officer of hus-
sars, with light hair and a sharp nose,
while a staff officer with a red beard
was the prosecuting official. When Von
Graf had finished his testimony he was
submitted to a little cross-examination,
and after contemptuously answering a
few questions took his seat with the
five other officers who composed the
court.

  Franz followed him, standing very
straight and giving his testimony with
soldierlike directness and simplicity.
Two privates of the Eleventh Uhlans,
dressed in their uniforms with yellow
facings, followed him. They testified
in regard to the pursuit of the aviator.
Then Private Strassman was called.

  He was an immense, .rawboned man,
with sleepy, good-natured eyes. After
THE CONFLICT

141

answering the usual questions as to his
name and rank, he was called upon to
face the prisoners. He turned his
bandaged head in their direction, and
Healy and Morgan looked into his eyes.
This was the man whose word was to
send them to their doom. With a sink-
ing heart, Morgan looked at him, and
then—something happened' that seemed
so bizarre, so unreal as to make Mor-
gan feel again that he was living
through some grotesque and horrible
dream.

  Private Strassman, the man who had
been riding after the aviator with lance
upraised, who had been left lying sense-
less on the turf after Morgan’s inter-
vention, winked at Morgan!

  The rest of Strassman’s face re-
mained impassive and stolid, but the
left eyelid dropped and raised itself
again. It was not an accident. There
was no mistaking it. It was a genuine
American wink, quite friendly, and with
a sort of alertness about it quite out
of keeping with Strassman’s general
appearance. His head was turned di-
rectly toward Morgan when it happened
and away from the commanding offi-
cers, so that Morgan and Healy alone
could see it.

  Von Graf addressed him in German.

  “Can you identify the prisoners as
the men who interfered with you last
night?” he said.

  “Nein” said Strassman calmly, “Ich
kann nicht!”

  Strassman made the announcement as
one stating the most trite and common-
place fact, but if he had thrown a
hand grenade at the group of officers
at the table he could not have created
more of a disturbance. Von Graf rose
to his feet with an explosive exclama-
tion. They all leaned forward, red-
bearded counsel, slim, sharp-nosed
counsel, and judges all seemed to
spring toward Strassman, who stood
stiff and straight, as stolid as if his
face and head were really wooden, as

Von Graf was shouting forth in Ger-
man. The presiding officer waved the
counsel away and examined and cross-
examined Strassman both in German
and English. Strassman was absolutely
unshaken. He had never seen either
Healy or Morgan before. Yes, he un-
derstood the nature of an oath, and
was telling the truth. Yes, he remem-
bered, the men who ha-d attacked him.
They were not at all like the prisoners.
What were they like? They were men
with whiskers, who looked like Rus-
sians.

  As the examination proceeded, it be-
came evident that Von Graf alone of
those present was disappointed and
enraged. The other members of the
court-martial were doing their duty, but
it was evidently a decidedly unpleasant
duty, and they were distinctly relieved.
They showed it in several ways. One
leaned back and began to hum the “Pil-
grim's Chorus,” from Tannhauser, in a
booming voice. The red-bearded prose-
cutor produced a cigar from some place
in his uniform and lit it. Strassman
stuck stoutly to his story, and at the
end of half an hour Von Graf sank
back in his chair, tired and angry.

  “Were he in my regiment,” he said,
£‘I would know what to do with him!”

  Healy was called next, but it was evi-
dent by this time that Von Graf was
to be disappointed. Although he was
the presiding officer, it was the five
judges who voted as to the guilt or in-
nocence of the prisoners, and it was
clear that they were all relieved to find
that they were guilty of nothing very
serious. Healy had evidently been
called next as the less intelligent of the
two, but he made a good impression.

  He admitted having sold petrol to a
French aviator, but he denied that he
had intentionally done anything wrong.

  “If I had known there was a war
coming 011 I'd have kept out of it,” he
said earnestly. “I’ve got nothing
against Goimany. My mother was
142

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Goiman and my father Irish, and I al-
ways liked nudel soup better than Irish
stew. We’re not spies, and we didn’t
hurt nobody. We’re Americans, and
Mr. Morgan’s the whitest man you ever
saw—his business is to mend broken
heads, not to break them—he’s a doc-
tor.”

  “We may need him,” said the red-
bearded prosecutor, who had a better
command of English than the others.
He turned and addressed the group of
officers who constituted the court.

  “It is evident that the wrong men
have been detained,” he said. “Mr.
Morgan is an American doctor of good
character, and the other man is his
chauffeur. It is plain that they are
not the men who attacked Private
Strassman. As prosecuting officer, I
recommend that the prisoners be dis-
missed on their parole without further
examination.”

  Von Graf rose to his feet, his voice
shaking with anger as he spoke.

  “Major Schmidt,” he said, “you are
a traitor!”

  “Major von Graf,” said Schmidt,
stroking his red beard, “there will be
an opportunity for you to apologize for
that when my friend calls on you. In
the meantime what says the court?”
“Count von Hollman ordered this in-
vestigation,” said Von Graf. “He thinks
this man guilty. Is your authority
greater than his?”

  “I am neither a tool of Von Holl-
man’s nor afraid of him,” said Schmidt.
“I do what I think my duty.”

  He turned to the five judges. “A
vote f ’ he said.

  “Nicht schuldig!” boomed out the
man who had been singing Tannhauser.
“Nicht schuldig!'* came from each in
turn.

  “You shall pay for this, Schmidt,”
said Von Graf, in a low tone.

  “When you please,” said Schmidt.
He bore one scar on his forehead, and
he was evidently looking forward to a

duel with Von Graf as carelessly as if
it were a breakfast party.

  Still in a sort of daze, Healy and
Morgan found themselves taking an
oath not to fight against Germany, nor
to aid, succor, nor assist in any way the
foes of the Fatherland.

  Still half stunned and bewildered,
Morgan found himself a free man, out
in the sunlight once more, with Healy
beside him and Major Schmidt’s arm
passed through his in friendly fashion.

  He felt weak, and staggered. The
peril through which he had passed, the
unexpected nature of his rescue, the
whole bewildering succession of events,
actually seemed to weaken him phys-
ically, and it was all he could do for a
moment to keep his feet and answer
the friendly question of Schmidt, who
had lived in New York at one time and
wanted to hear from the old town once
more.

CHAPTER VIII.

CHARLOTTE PULLS TIIE STRINGS.

  An hour later, Morgan and Healy,
back once more'at the Cameron house,
learned the meaning of Strassman’s
wink and his failure to identify them.
Charlotte was responsible for his
strange behavior. ^Vhen he was brought
to the house, unconscious from his fall,
the gallant Lieutenant Franz had been
charmed to allow the prinzessin, whom
Von Hollman admired so much, to
dress the wound of his uhlan. Over his
gallant protestations, Strassman had
been carried to Charlotte’s room. Char-
lotte had, as her uncle sometimes re-
marked, quite a way with her, and Von
Hollman was not the only man in Lux-
embourg who admired her.

  When Private Strassman, of the
Eleventh Uhlans, came to after his
tumble, he thought for a moment that
he had died and was already in heaven.
He was in a dainty white room, on
Charlotte’s own bed, and the sight of
THE CONFLICT

143

a large Bible on a table at his elbow
lent strength to his religious illusion,
for Strassman, in his simple way, asso-
ciated Bibles with heaven, and thought
that they were the only books allowed
there. In still further proof of the
belief that he was in heaven, there was
an undeniable lady angel bending over
him watching him solicitously, with the
most beautiful blue eyes. It was quite
ten minutes before he realized that he
was in the same old world, and that this
beautiful room, the like of which he
had never imagined, was one of the
apartments of the chateau. At the end
of that ten minutes he had formed a de-
cidedly favorable opinion of Charlotte.

  His head was far too sound and hard
to be fractured by a tumble on the turf,
and it was only the shock of his metal
helmet being driven against some sen-
sitive nerve that had knocked him out
for the time being. His greatest wish,
the thing that would have made this
paradise, quite “paradise enow” for
him, was a long, cool drink of beer, but
Charlotte gave him tea instead, and told
him it was better for him. She talked
to him in German, expressing her sym-
pathy, and then found out that he could
talk English and that he had once
worked as a waiter in a cafe in Cincin-
nati. Charlotte knew something about
Cincinnati herself and by the time that
Strassman realized that he was still on
earth they were quite good friends.
While Mr. Cameron was making the
wires hot sending out dispatches to
Washington and Berlin, Charlotte, like
Betty, was pulling the strings.

  Of course, she sympathized with
Strassman; and Strassman himself, as
soon as he began to realize what had
happened to him, bore no rancor.

  “I saw the young man reach for der
bridle,” he said, “unt then the horse
reared, unt I fell.”

  "Pm quite sure he didn’t mean to
hurt you,” said' Charlotte, “and now
they’ve gone and arrested him.”

  “So !’ said Strassman sympathetically.
“It iss too bad indeed. Unt the air-
man, did he get away ?”

  “He got up in the air, all right,” said
Charlotte. “But I’m almost certain
they’ve shot him or caught him or what-
ever they wanted to do,” she added con-
solingly. “But Mr. Morgan is arrested
—and what will happen to him?”

  “He will be tried by court-martial,”
said Strassman cheerfully.

  “Oh, dear!” said Charlotte. “And
what will happen then?”

  “I will appear against him,” went on
Strassman methodically. “I will be
called as a witness, unt I will be con-
fronted with der brisoner, unt asked to
identify him.”

  “Terrible!” said Charlotte, clasping
her hands. “And what will happen
then ?'”

  “I will be confronted with der bris-
oner,” went on Strassman, quite enjoy-
ing the interest he was arousing in the
breast of this charming young woman,
“I will then identify him, unt he''will
be found guilty of inderfering with a
German soldier in pursuit of his duty
in time of war.”

  “And then?”

  “He will be led out by der firing,
squad unt shot. It is der law of war.”
“Shot!” said Charlotte. “He mustn’t
be shot; he can’t be shot! He’s the
nicest man I know, and the kindest.
Why, Mr. Strassman, I’m especially
fond of him, and I’m sure he wouldn’t
have hurt you for the world if he had
known you were performing your duty.
Perhaps he didn’t think you ought to
ride your horse across the grass. You
must be a wonderful horseman to have
ridden over that hedge. It’s really too
bad that you fell off just when you were
doing so nicely.”

  “It was nothing,” said Strassman
patronizingly. “A tumble now and then
is nothing.”

  “And you are not going to let Mr.
Morgan get shot for a little thing like
144

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

that! He’s one of the best doctors in
America, and I am sure he could fix
up your head much better than I have.”

  “It is the rule of war. The law of
war.”

  Strassman was an unemotional man,
but when he saw two bright tears actu-
ally forming in Charlotte’s eyes, his
own honest heart was wrung.

  “Ach, fraulein!” he said. “I am
sorry.”

  “And you are going to do it! You
are going to murder him!”

  “Ach, no; it is not murder. It is
martial law. But what can I do ?”

  “Supposing,” said Charlotte, wiping
away her tears with a small handker-
chief and looking very businesslike—
“supposing you were to say you didn’t
know him! Supposing you said you
had never seen him in all your life.
They would have to let him off,
wouldn’t they?”	» .

  “Yes,” said Strassman doubtfully.

  “You have a wife and family?” said
Charlotte.

  “I have a mother, in Hanover.”

  “Is she wealthy?”

  “Wealthy? Ach, no! She is very
poor.”

  “I know that Mr. Morgan, if he were
free, would be very anxious to do some-
thing for you—just to recompense you
for your injury, you know. He didn’t
mean to hurt you. It was just his
clumsiness. And he’d like very much
to give you, say^three hundred dollars
■—that is, if he were free.”

  “So!” said Strassman cautiously, but
with interest. He felt as if he were
being drawn into some kind of a trap,
but somehow he liked the trap, and it
was very hard to deny Charlotte any-
thing when she was bent on having her
own way. Like most unselfish people,
she was generally busy trying to get fa-
vors for other people.

  “Surely you are not the kind of a
man to wish to see Mr. Morgan shot!”
she went on.

  “Ach, no! I am not that kind of a
man.”

  “Then you won’t do it, will you?”

  Strassman found it quite impossible
to look into those beautiful and pleading
eyes. He felt that he might readily be
made to cry himself over the fate of
Morgan. He looked down at the coun-
terpane.

  “But what can I do?” he said.

  “Do what is right,” said Charlotte.
“Get up and say that you never saw
him in all your life, and stick to it.
They can’t hurt you for that, can they ?”

  “No.”

  “You’ll not only be saving his life,
but you’ll just be telling the plain, hon-
est truth,” went on Charlotte, with an
innocent and eager sophistry. “It was
too dark to see him there. You couldn’t
possiblv. have seen who he was—now,
could fou ?”

  “Maybe not,” said Strassman doubt-
fully.

  “Then you’ll tell the truth. You’ll
say you don’t know Doctor Morgan and
never saw him. And you’ll save his
life! And you’ll get the three hundred
dollars to send to your mother in Han-
over ! And you’ll be a hero ! And I—
I’ll never, never forget your kindness.”
Charlotte clasped her hands ecstatically
and gazed into Strassman’s eyes.
Strassman wiggled uneasily, and one
large foot appeared from under the
counterpane. He withdrew it in great
emba rrassment.

  “Ach, fraulein!” he begged. “Let me
think it over for a moment. It is an
important matter—my duty as a sol-
dier.”

  Charlotte rose. “Yes,” she said
soothingly. “I mustn’t bother you now,
with your poor head aching so. I don’t
know whether you remember it or not
■—perhaps you were just a little deliri-
ous from your terrible fall—but you
said something about beer when you
regained consciousness. In fact, it al-
THE CONFLICT

145

most sounded as if you actually wanted
to drink beer.”

  “Yes” said Strassman honestly, “I
was not out of my head.”

  “Suppose I send you up some beer,
two or three bottles ?”

  “Three,” said Strassman.

  “Four,” said Charlotte enthusiasti-
cally, “or five—nice, and ice cold, al-
though it’s bad for you. But you are
such a strong man!”

  “Yes,” said Strassman modestly. “I
am a strong man.”

  “Well, if I send it up will you drink
it?”

  “Yes.” Strassman was quite positive
about this.

  “And think over what I’ve said?”
  “Yes, gnadige fraulein.”

  Charlotte departed, and the beer,
after a short interval, arrived.

  Strassman had hoped that it would be
light beer, and it was. He had hoped
that it would be cold, and it was. He
had hoped that there would be five bot-
tles, and there were—also a big stein to
pour it into. After the servant had de-
parted, he sat on the edge of the bed
in his shirt and uhlan’s trousers, and
drank the first bottle. The day had
been a long and hot one. He had rid-
den far and hard in his heavy accouter-
ment. The dust of the road was still
in his throat. The tea he had drunk
had not washed it out; it had only
sprinkled it, so Strassman thought. He
drank the first bottle rather hurriedly
as a preparation to considering the
problem before him. The second bot-
tle passed into the beyond a little less
rapidly, and by the time he was drain-
ing the third he was thinking. At the
same time he was beginning to feel de-
liciously comfortable, too comfortable
to think anything unpleasant and dis-
agreeable. It was delightful to have
his heavy boots off and these soft slip-
pers on, and it was a nice room. He
was whistling gayly at the end of the
fourth bottle, and halfway through the
^iqA

fifth he had quite made up his mind.
Von Graf might rage, but he was a
German soldier, and would do his duty,
and the fraulein was a lovely lady, and
his mother certainly needed the three
hundred dollars. Morgan was saved.

  Charlotte gasped with horror as she
saw the tray brought down so soon
with the five empty bottles—but still it
was a good omen, and Strassman, as he
had explained, was so strong a man
that beer didn’t do him any harm.

  Upstairs, Strassman having discov-
ered his large china pipe on a table
ready to his hand, had filled it with
“leichter Canaster” and was puffing
beatifically.

  How much of it was beer, how much
tobacco, how much native imagination
and literary genius is not to be dis-
covered, but the moment when the first
cloud of smoke left Strassman’s lips
was the moment when the two fat Rus-
sians with whiskers took form out of
the void and became dangerous enemies
of the Fatherland.

CHAPTER IX.

THE SPIDER'S WEB.

  Strassman got his three hundred dol-
lars. By the time it reached him he
was firmly convinced that it was noth-
ing in the nature of a bribe, but simply
reparation for the injuries he had en-
dured. Also, under the influence of
sundry other bottles of beer and a chat
with Charlotte, he firmly believed that
it was really those creatures of his
fancy, two whiskered and villainous
Russians, who had upset him from his
steed. To his companions smoking
their pipes in the Luxembourg barracks
he narrated the thrilling tale of his en-
counter with the Russians, and with
each repetition it grew, and Strassman
believed it the more. Why Doctor Mor-
gan, after taking the trouble to stitch
up his head most skillfully, should send
his mother three hundred dollars as a
146

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

recompense for injuries inflicted by two
Russians was a question that did not
at all trouble him. Strassman was a
German, but not of the scholarly sort,
and logical sequences never kept him
awake at night.

  The red-bearded Major Schmidt,
who had been Morgan’s prosecutor in
the military trial, in which Strassman
had so distinguished himself, was a
guest at the chateau for dinner the fol-
lowing evening. He arrived early, but
still earlier In the day Count von Holl-
man himself had driven up in a motor
to inquire as to the comfort of the
Camerons, and ostensibly also to offer
his congratulations to Fairfax Morgan
on his escape.

  Remembering all that Lieutenant
Franz had told him in that hour when
he believed himself about to die, remem-
bering also his own feelings and fore-
bodings in regard to the count, it was
still hard for Morgan to believe that
Von Hollman was anything other than
the polished and civilized gentleman he
appeared.

  “It is a pleasure indeed to see you
free again, Mr. Morgan,” he said. “I
was sorry that I could not be present
at the court-martial. I did all I could
for you in the selection of the officers to
form the court.”

 Remembering Von Graf and what
Franz had said of him, Morgan was not
able to make his gratitude particularly
apparent or enthusiastic, but Von Holl-
man seemed entirely at ease and un-
ruffled.

  “The German army is a machine,”
he went on. “Its military value, indeed
its very existence, requires that it move
and act like a machine, and it must
sometimes grind up ruthlessly the hu-
man particles that fall into it. Although
I am at the present moment in com-
mand of the movement to occupy Lux-
embourg, I am just as much a part of
the machine as Strassman, for instance.
It is not for me, as your English poet

puts it, to ‘reason why.’ I am just a
private in the ranks. Long ago, when
the plans for the occupation of Luxem-
bourg, in case of an emergency, were
made by the board of strategy, every
possible contingency was foreseen, and
the definite instructions for the com-
manding officer in charge were drafted.
It is my duty to obey these orders to the
last detail. I have done my share now.
The military occupation of Luxem-
bourg is now complete, carried out
according to the provisions of the
schedule. Now it is for us to wait until
some further movement of the greater
machine, the German army, is com-
municated to this part here and sets it
in motion again.”

  “This occupation of Luxembourg is
undoubtedly a great military feat,” said
Mr. Cameron acidly. “May I inquire
what the next triumph will be?”

  Von Hollman smiled tolerantly, and
laid his hand on Cameron’s arm. “My
friend,” he said, “you know as well as
I do that if I knew the answer to that
I could not tell you. But surely your
ears are good enough to have heard
some unusual sound in the air.”

  “I should say they were!” said Cam-
eron. ‘T left New York to get rid of
the confounded steam riveters—I have
a nervous system, although Charlotte
and Fairfax don’t seem to know
what it means. I thought that Lux-
embourg wTas a quiet place, if such
could be found in this world to-day ; but
last night and this morning were worse
than New York ever thought of being.
That confounded vibration never lets
up for a minute.”

  The sound which continually filled
the air was not unlike the muffled and
distant vibration of a thousand distant
hard-rock drills. It was low—more of
a steady jarring and shaking of the
air than a sound—harsh and distinctly
unpleasant.

  “Some ingenious German ought to
THE CONFLICT

147

put a muffler on your war machine,”
said Morgan.

  “Yes,” said Charlotte. “If you can
invent a noiseless army, Mr. Cameron
will think more of you than of the man
who invented wireless telegraphy.”

  Whatever effect the irreverent com-
ments of the three Americans may have
had on Von Hollman, none was evident
but good-humored amusement.

  He laughed softly, and lit a ciga-
rette.

  “You Americans!” he said. “Chil-
dren among the nations, and wonderful,
gifted children, to whom everything is
possible, to whom nothing is serious,
and all of life—peace and war and love
■—is a great joke. If I were to fall in
love with an American girl,” he tilted
back his head and looked at Charlotte
through lowered lids, “I would be more
afraid of her sense of humor than of
anything else. To be ridiculous is the
most fatal thing to a lover’s chances,
and it seems to me that it is the gift of
the American girl to make all men feel
ridiculous.”

  “It’s a good thing, too,” said Char-
lotte. “If you people—you men—all
knew how ridiculous all this military
business really was, you’d be ashamed
to wear a uniform. You might as well
make a serious business of tennis or
croquet.”

  Von Hollman sat up straight, and his
eyes snapped. He was like a man who,
sparring lightly, suddenly receives a
blow that really hurts but at the same
time is resolved to conceal his hurt, to
keep control of himself and of his
temple.

  “Prinzessin,” he said, “my work is
over for the present. Perhaps you
would find it still more amusing to ride
out with me in my motor car and see
some of the parts of this ridiculous war
machine of ours—and how well they
work.”

  Charlotte bit her lips, and hesitated.

“I don’t care for war machines,” she
said.

  “Perhaps the prinzessin is afraid,”
suggested Von Hollman. “A little
afraid as well as amused.”

  Charlotte jumped to her feet. “I’m
ready,” she said.

  “It is too bad.” Hollman turned to
Mr. Cameron as he rose. “It is too bad
that I have a seat for but one other be-
side myself and the driver in the car.
But I am most anxious to have one
American girl see that we Germans, al-
though a race of soldiers, are not a race
of barbarians—that although a stern
struggle for actual existence forces us
to hold a way through Luxembourg for
our troops to march, we do it peace-
fully and kindly, and with as little in-
convenience to the people here as pos-
sible.”

  The harsh, monotonous vibration of
the air grew louder and harsher. The
distant, muffled riveting hammers and
compressed-air drills were pounding to
a faster tempo.

  “The guns of the army before Liege,”
Said Von Hollman. “They are clearing
the way so that our right flank may be
guarded. When that sound ceases, their
work will be done, and we will be able
to move southward.”

  Von Hollman and Charlotte passed
out into the hall. The count had left
hanging there a long gray military cape
and his hussar’s busby. It was an al-
most oppressively warm afternoon, and
he left them hanging there, putting on a
cavalry fatigue cap which his chauffeur
handed to him, while Charlotte took
nothing but a linen duster and an auto-
mobile veil.

  It was not without some misgivings
that Cameron and Morgan, standing
side by side on the porch, watched them
roll off down the driveway and disap-
pear under the lime trees of the boule-
vard, Charlotte’s veil fluttering gayly
in the hot breeze. In fact, as they both
told themselves, if it had been any other
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

girl in the world but Charlotte they
wouldn’t have let her go. She had al-
ways been accustomed to having her
own way—not as a spoiled child who is
indulged—but as a practical, womanly
sort of little girl with a thought for oth-
ers and a sense of responsibility. One
whose way was generally a wise one.

  “I wish we were all out of here,” said
Morgan, at length.

  Mr. Cameron pulled a black cigar
from his pocket and lit it.

  ‘T can’t leave here,” he said.

  “But I could take Charlotte back to
New York with me. As the count said
yesterday, there won’t be any tennis
tournaments in France this year.”

  ‘‘We are in the midst of a general
European war,” said Cameron. “Lux-
embourg will likely be a safe place.
All the fighting will be farther south—
in France. But when I think of Char-
lotte—I don’t like Von Hollman.”

  “Nor I,” said Morgan. “Let Char-
lotte go with me. I have passports, so
has she.”

  “But the railroads!’’ said Cameron.
“The German government owns all the
roads in Luxembourg, and they’ll take
all those in Belgium—and for a long
time yet they won’t be used for any-
thing but the transportation of the
kaiser’s troops.”

  “I’ve got one of the best motor cars
in Europe to-day, and she’s in the best
of condition. New tires—and extra
ones—and provisions and gas for an
extended tour,” said Morgan. “You
know that it’s a hobby with me. And
whatever in the world you may say
about Healy, he's a good mechanic, and
one of the safest, fastest drivers I know.
And you know that I can drive a bit my-
self. I know the roads between here
and Paris. I was planning to go that
way myself.”

  “I wonder how long Paris will be
safe,” said Mr. Cameron. “And I won-
der why I don’t get any answers to my
cables to Washington and the wires to

Brussels and Berlin. I spent a lot of
money on tolls yesterday, but not a
word have I heard—not a word.”

  “There you are!” Morgan pointed.
“There’s the answer, now.”

  An elderly man in a tight blue uni-
form decorated with numerous brass
buttons was riding a bicycle up the
drive. He dismounted at the foot of
the steps, carefully adjusted the wheel
so it would stand upright, and came up
to them holding two packages. He was
not the telegraph messenger who had
brought the dispatch to Count von Holl-
man the day before. That man had
been a native Luxembourgian, who
spoke French. This messenger was a
German.

  “Herr Cameron?” he said.

  “Ja,” said Mr. Cameron.

  He presented-the two packages. “Das
geld!” he said, as he extended one.
“Dcr brief telegraphische” he said, as
he thrust the other package into Mr.
Cameron’s hands. Mr. Cameron studied
the packages. They bore numerous
official seals, and were addressed to
Herr Robert Cameron in businesslike-
looking German script.

  The messenger now presented a book
and a pencil and indicated that he
wished Mr. Cameron’s signature. Hav-
ing secured this, he replaced book and
pencil in his cap, clicked his heels to-
gether, saluted stiffly, mounted his ma-
chine in a painstaking, methodical way,
and rode slowly off down the drive. He
was a quaint figure, this sedentary mid-
dle-aged German, in his tight-fitting uni-
form. There was stiff seriousness and
sense of responsibility in every thrust
of his short legs as he pedaled off.

  “Another cog in the war machine,”
said Morgan, but the diplomatic repre-
sentative to Luxembourg did not answer
him. Mr. Cameron’s face was rapidly
growing red and redder. His eyes were
flashing angrily. The black cigar was
cocked upward at a ferocious angle.
THE CONFLICT

149

  “Look at this!” he said, in a choking
voice, slapping the contents of one pack-
age with a sheaf of American money
which he had taken from the other.
“Look at this final outrage!”

  Mr. Cameron held in his left hand a
bunch of telegraph and cable dispatches
all in his own handwriting, and some of
considerable length. They were ad-
dressed to the secretary of state at
Washington, the United States embassy
at Brussels, and the United States em-
bassy at Berlin. They were all pro-
tests, more or less indignant, against the
arrest of Morgan and Healy.

  In the other hand, together with a
sizable wad of crisp American money,
was a message in English to the effect
that owing to military necessities the
German governor of Luxembourg had
taken charge of the telegraph and cable
offices, and that press of business had
made it impossible to transmit the mes-
sages of Mr. Cameron. The money he
had paid for tolls was respectfully re-
turned to him.

  “This means,” said Cameron, in a
voice shaking with indignation, “that if
Charlotte hadn’t thought to get on the
right side of that trooper, you would
h^ve been shot, Fairfax. This isn’t the
work of the German government.
They have too much sense. It is Von
Hollman’s orders. And he is crazy. If
I don’t get reparation for this my name
isn’t Cameron, and there isn’t any de-
partment of state in Washington! I
don’t want their rotten money,” he
shook the sheaf of bills under Morgan’s
nose, “but I’m going to get my mes-
sages through or kill somebody! Mili-
tary necessity! A cog in a machine!
An infernal smooth-spoken cutthroat
lunatic! That’s what Von Hollman
is!”

  It was at this moment that the red-
bearded Major Schmidt, who had been
invited to dinner, strolled up the drive-
way, his arm in a sling.

CHAPTER X.

TO BREAK THE WEB.

  Angry or not, disturbed or not, Mr.
Cameron was at all times a gentleman,
and when he gazed into the smiling
•brown eyes of Major Schmidt, who was
a gentleman himself, a good deal 'of the
disturbance left him. From the church
of St. Nicolas of Luxembourg, clear
and sweet above the jarring, faint dis-
cord of far-off German cannon came
the chimes, which play every two hours
in the ancient city the refrain of its
national anthem, the words of which
are: “We want to remain just as we
are.”

  There was something soothing about
the mellow cadence. There was some-
thing genial and mellow about the red-
bearded Schmidt who spoke as good
American English as is to be heard in
St. Louis or Cincinnati.

  “You are hurt,” said Morgan, indi-
cating his bandaged wrist, “and I am
afraid I got you into that fight.”

  “I had an old account to settle with
Von Graf.” Schmidt shook hands with
his left hand. “This scratch will be
better in a day—and Von Graf has a
bandage round his head. He will not
call me traitor again. But my old friend,
Herr Cameron, whom I have not seen
since I was a young lieutenant, and was
appointed to take care of him at the
military maneuvers—he seems dis-
turbed.”

  “I am disturbed,” said Cameron.
“Look here, Major Schmidt! We are
old friends, and you have some sense.
I’ve known you since you were working"
in the experimental department of the
Westinghouse concern in America.
What do you think of this ?”

  Major Schmidt whistled softly as he
looked at the telegrams in Mr. Came-
ron’s handwriting and the official
stamps across them. He shot a keen
glance at young Morgan and stroked
his red beard reflectively.
150

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “This is terrible/’ he said, at length.
“When Count Otto von Hollman holds
the reins he drives hard. And Von
Graf, the brute! is Von Hollman’s man
■—and Von Hollman is attracted by your
niece, Mr. Cameron?”

  .“I suppose so,” said Mr. Cameron
rather sulkily. He didn’t like to have
people talk about Charlotte, and every
time her name was coupled with Von
Hollman’s now, had a perceptible ef-
fect on his temper.

  “You think it not likely,” said
Schmidt, “that your niece, the Prinzes-
sin Charlotte, would think of marrying
Von Hollman? You must pardon me,”
he went on, raising his unwounded
hand in a deprecating gesture. “I may
seem brutally frank and inquisitive.”
“That’s all right.” said Morgan.
“Charlotte doesn’t want to marry Von
Hollman, or any one with a title,” said
Mr. Cameron. “She’s out riding with
him now in his motor car, and I wish
she were back.”

  “We are old friends, Mr. Cameron,”
said Schmidt, “and I remember your
niece when she was the most wonderful
little girl, with blue eyes and golden
hair, and I was a sentimental young
.German with red hair and not^a friend
in America but you—and the beautiful
little Charlotte.”

  “I remember your poetry.” Cameron
forgot the unsent telegrams, and
chuckled, “and the way. you used to
keep us awake at night playing the
flute.”

  “Ach, yes,” said Schmidt, lighting a
cigar. “ ‘The days of our youth were
the days of our glory.’ But the prinz-
essin. It is no longer safe that she re-
main in Luxembourg.”

  “What does it all mean?” said Cam-
eron, jumping to his feet and pulling at
his white mustache. “Who is Count
von Hollman, anyway ? Is there no ap-
peal over his head? What kind of a
government have you, anyway?” He
strode up and down the floor.

  “A very good government,'’ said
Schmidt, “but an aristocratic govern-
ment—and there is some rumor that
Count von Hollman’s birth is higher
than his name or rank would indicate.
At any rate, although he is a man of
the highest ability, he behaves some-
times as if he were a prince of the
blood rather than the colonel of a hus-
sar regiment.”

  “And you—are you as much afraid
of him as the rest? Are you attached
to his command ?”

  "Ach, no!” Schmidt took a long
pull at his cigar and stroked his red
beard. “I am not attached to his com-
mand. I am in the Zeppelin service—I
know something of the gas and the ma-
chinery and the compressed air—thanks
to the good Westinghouse Company,
where I worked once for living wage
—and to the good Americans. My or-
ders—mobilization orders—were to be
here at Luxembourg August 7th to re-
port to the head of my division. I ar-
rive here ahead of time and learn that
your friend, Mr. Morgan, is to be tried
by court-martial. It is a serious busi~
ness. They are short of officers for
the court, and I volunteer to prosecute.
I may help that way, and Von Graf,
who presides, does not know me as the
friend of Mr. Cameron. But Von Holl-
man, pouf!” Major Schmidt snapped
his fingers. “The kaiser cannot afford
to punish a man who knows the secret
of the Zeppelin gas that will not burn—
to please the whim of Von Hollman. I
am a soldier, but also a scientist, and
they respect the scientist in Germany.”
“Well, what are you driving at,
then?” The eternal drone of the dis-
tant steam drills had grown a little
louder, and the incessant jarring vibra-
tion that seemed to communicate itself
to the whole house was telling on Mr.
Cameron’s nerves. “What is Von Holl-
man going to do? Do you think he
plans to abduct my niece by force?”
Major Schmidt knocked the ashes
THE CONFLICT

151

from his cigar and his red-brown eyes
were very serious. “If the rumors I
have heard are correct/’ he said, “Von
Hollman comes of a most remarkable
race—but a race whose men have
scrupled at nothing, in the past, in car-
rying out their personal wishes and de-
sires. And where women have been
concerned, this has been especially so.”
He turned to Morgan suddenly. “You
have a motor car?” he said.

  ‘‘Sixty-horse power,” said Morgan.

  “And passports? And identification
cards ?”

  “I can give him all he needs,” said
Cameron.

  “Then,” said Schmidt earnestly, “I
would advise you to take Miss Cameron
out of Luxembourg at once.”

  “I can get into Longwy, in France, by
midnight,” said Morgan.

 “Longwy!” Major Schmidt shook
his head. “You little realize what
changes will take place. In a week,
Longwy will be a German garrison. In
three weeks there will be uhlans scout-
ing between the forts of Paris. Ger-
many is up hr arms. She is irresistible
in the might of her armies.” His eye
kindled and his voice grew louder and
fuller. “There is but one obstacle Ger-
many cannot pass as yet, and that is the
sea. Have you a road map ?”

  Morgan brought a road map, and,
going out on the lawn, they spread it
on the very table at which they had sat
drinking May wine the afternoon be-
fore. The same sunlight filtered
through the lindens and checkered the
velvet grass with shifting patterns of
green and gold. They breathed the
same rose-scented air, and the Boule-
vard Adalbert was as still and deserted
as ever, for troops had ceased to pass
that way. The only difference was the
insistent nervous jar of the siege guris
wrecking Liege, borne to them a hun-
dred miles on the northern breeze. And
yet the afternoon of yesterday and all
its talk and happenings seemed as far

off as if it had been a thousand years
ago.

  Morgan spread his road map on the
table, using a cigar box as a paper
weight against the restless winds, and
Schmidt traced out roads on it with
a stubby forefinger.

  “I have traveled these roads but lit-
tle,” he said, “but I know them well,
and the whole countryside, having
looked down on it often from the car
of a Zeppelin. It is an easy run to
Arlon.”

  “Yes,” said Morgan, “but what’s the
matter with running north to Spa and
then east to Brussels ?”

  Major Schmidt laughed down in his
throat. “My young friend,” he said,
“you do not realize how fast the Ger-
man army marches. Spa is in the hands
of a Prussian corps, and wherever you
meet the Prussian you may know that
Von Hollman can throw a loop about
you by telegraph.”

  “How can he stop him if he has pass-
ports ?” said Cameron.

  “A thousand ways. Do you suppose
the hand that had the noose at his
throat only this morning, the hand that'
sent you back your messages unsent,
will fail to strike again—and strike
harder this time ? It was to remove the
chances of Mr. Morgan’s taking Char-
lotte from Luxembourg that Von Graf,
the butcher and the brute, was made
judge advocate of the court-martial.
There are other Von Grafs in the Ger-
man army. Other cogs and wheels in
the machine.”

  “Why not go to Ostend?” suggested
Morgan.

 “There may not be time. To a
stranger, to any one at liberty to com-
municate with the outside world, I could
not talk of the plans of the German
army—but once Liege falls, there will
be a southward movement. The real
invasion of France is here in the east.
Our western screen of troops will take
Liege and Namur—perhaps they will
152

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

hold Louvain and Brussels—but Ant-
werp shall be safe—for a time—unless I
should happen to visit it in the air above
some night. We will not delay to take
Antwerp—there is not time. Just-,
enough of Belgium to protect our right
flank and lines of communication, and
then on—on into France, to Paris!”

  He seemed a little ashamed of his
burst of enthusiasm, for he fell silent
suddenly and began measuring distances
on the map with a folding metric rule
which he drew from the pocket of his
coat.

  “You wonder at me for talking so,
you Americans,” he continued, in a
lower tone, “but Germany is fighting for
life—for more than life—for a place in
the sun, to have colonies and thrive and
grow like other great peoples. The
Slav, with his millions to the north and
east, the Slav and the French in the
south and west, the English fleets upon
the sea ! Germany’s to be smothered !
All the patient industry of her peoples,
all her science, music, art, and letters
will avail her nothing unless we strike
—and strike now. To respect treaties
is well, but a drowning man may clutch
at the property of another to save him-
self, and we mean no harm in Belgium
—nor yet in Luxembourg. All we want
is a passage for our armies—our sol-
diers who carry the future Germany
with them in their onward march.”

  He looked up suddenly, and the old
humorous expression came back to his
red-brown eyes.

  “Mr. Cameron used to laugh at me
when I was a young man,” he said,
“and he is laughing at me now. Mr.
Morgan, your nearest seaport is Ant-
werp, and you must strike for Ant-
werp and drive fast and ha*d. If Liege
holds out long enough, you are safe—
but south of Namur and north of
France, where the eastern army will en-
ter, must be your course. Drive west
as far as Alost, anyway—well, west of
Brussels before you strike north for

Antwerp. And from Antwerp you have
the sea, ‘the diamond pathway of the
sun and moon,’ to-take you safe back to
America.”

  “Just the same wild talker as ever,
Julius,” said Cameron, going back to
the name he had used when Schmidt
was a boy. “But I will say that your
heart is in the right place, and that you
have some sense. Charlotte shall go
with Fairfax, and his confounded
chauffeur will have to act as chaperon.
Schmidt, I don’t suppose you ever drink
cocktails any more ?”

  “Never,” said Schmidt, “except when
I see you, Mr. Cameron.”

  “You see me now,” said Cameron,
striking the bell.

  Just sipping his cocktail, Schmidt
turned to Morgan, who was still por-
ing over the road map.

  “I noticed Colonel von Hollman’s
busby and cape in the hall,” he said.

  “Yes,” said Morgan, not looking up.
“He left them there. What about it?”
“Hide them,” said Schmidt.

  “What for?” Cameron and Morgan
both asked the question.

  “There’s only one busby like that in
Luxembourg,” said Schmidt, “and Von.
Hollman is the only man with a right to
wear it. He has honorable rank in the
Death Hussars among other distinc-
tions. If Miss Charlotte wore that and
the cape, and it were dark, a too-offi-
cious sentry might not ask questions,
for he would think it Von Hollman
himself in the auto.”

  “As dangerous as that—and with
passports?” said Cameron.

  Major Schmidt nodded.

  “Won’t Von Hollman ask for his
things?” said Morgan.

  “Tell him his orderly was here to
report to him, and carried them back
to headquarters,” said Schmidt; “and
hurry. There’s an auto coming up the
drive now, and Miss Cameron and Colo-
nel von Hollman are in it.”

  As the count and Charlotte ascended
THE CONFLICT

153

the front steps, Healy was rapidly re-
moving himself, from the house in the
direction of the garage in the rear. Un-
der his arm were a gray cape and the
black headdress of a colonel of the Hus-
sars of Death.

  As Charlotte stepped into the recep-
tion hall it was evident at once that
something unusual had happened. Her
eyes were very bright, her cheeks very
pink—almost red, in fact, and her hair,
a most unusual thing with Charlotte,
was in slight disarray.

  “Count von Hollman,” she was saying
in a high, scarcely natural voice, “I must
thank you for a most remarkable after-
noon. It was quite a lesson—almost a
surprise—I might say.”

  Von Hollman bowed.

  “I am glad to be of service to the
prinzessin,” he said. He bowed also to
the others. Then something cold, re-
pressed—almost stern in all three faces
—made him straighten up suddenly.
He acknowledged Major Schmidt’s sa-
lute with a sharp movement of the
hand, then turned toward the hat rack.
“My cloak?” he said.

  “Your orderly called,” said Mr. Cam-
eron, “and said that he would take it
back with him.”

 “Ah!” said Von Hollman. “Good
evening, gentlemen. Prinzessin, auf
wiedersehen!”

  There were three masculine “good
nights,” but no word from Charlotte.
She stood, silent, pushing her wavy hair
back into place, watching the dark fig-
ure mount to the motor car, and the car
itself turn and vanish down the drive.
She turned to face Major Schmidt,
holding out both hands, which he
clasped eagerly.

  “The same old Julius,” she said. “I’d
know you anywhere.”

  “And the same fairy princess,” said
the sentimental Julius, beaming over his
red beard.

  Charlotte released herself from him
and turned to her uncle.

  “Julius is a friend,” she said, “and so
is Fairfax, so I can speak plainly. I’m
going to get out of Germany just as
soon as I can. It isn’t big enough to
hold me and that man,” she pointed out
the door in the direction Von Hollman
had taken, “at the same time.”

  “What did he do?” said Cameron.

  “Don’t ask me what he did—or what
he said,” said Charlotte. Her eyes were
blazing and her cheeks were crimson.
“And don’t you ask me, Fairfax, or
you, Julius Schmidt. I never spent
such an hour. I won’t think about it
or talk about it! But I think he’s crazy.
And he seems to run this whole place—
and I’m going to get out of here and
back to Boston—and the whole Ger-
man army can’t stop me !” Charlotte’s
voice, which had been steadily going up,
broke into an hysterical little sound,
half laugh and half sob.

  “My dear prinzessen,” said Major
Schmidt.

  “Healy !” shouted Morgan. “Roll out
the gas wagon. We’ll soon be on our
way.”

CHAPTER XI.

“THE OPEN ROAD—AND THE BRIGHT
FACE OF DANGER.”

  In the scented dusk the motor car,
purring softly, swung about the portals
of the Chateau des Herthereux and
started west on the wide road. For the
moment the distant cannonade, the far-
off growl of the War Lord, had stilled
its jarring rumble. Once again the
beautiful chimes of the church of St.
Nicolas were ringing out the music of
“Feirwon,” that Luxembourg patois an-
them of Lentz, the refrain of which
says: “We want to remain just as we
are.”

  The white road was not as smooth
and fair to see as it had been twenty-
four hours before. One coil of the
great war serpent, the green-and-gray
serpent with steel scales, the modern
THE cPOVULAtR MAGAZINE

monster of steel and machinery, of men
and horses, had been dragged along it,
and even in the dusk the tracks were
plain to see. The car slithered in and
out of new, deep-worn ruts. Morgan,
in the rear seat of the car, leaning out
and looking down, could see the tracks
of the monster—the impression left by
huge, flat, sectional tires—rectangular
blotches stamped in the white road
metal, like the terrifying footprints of
some prehistoric beast.

  But no dinosaurus could vomit invis-
ible annihiliation for miles as this or-
ganism could, over a mountaintop or a
city—to- blot out hundreds at a breath
or blast into nothing the cunning war-
rens of concrete and steel contrived
against its onslaught.

  Now the rear seat of the machine was
piled with a different baggage from that
which it had carried the day before. In-
stead of golf clubs and tennis rackets,
Morgan had a pair of Lugar automatic
pistols. There was an automobile camp
kit, a traveling trunk for Charlotte, and
in his pockets Morgan carried a sheaf
of passports and letters of identifica~
tion and introduction from Mr. Cam-
eron to various officers he knew in the
French and German armies. Besides
this, he had money—not letters of
credit—but cash, both French and Ger-
man.

  Charlotte sat in the front seat
wrapped in the gray military cape, and
wearing the black busby with the white
skull and crossbones of the Hussars of
Death. Surely she was as strange a
soldier as had ever worn this sinister
insignia. One of the princesses of the
royal house of Prussia is nominally a
colonel in this famous regiment, and
has been often photographed in the
headdress and jacket of an officer.
Charlotte was nothing at all like her in
figure, which the military cape covered,
but in face there was just the faintest
resemblance to the Hohenzollern prin-

cess in the photographs, wearing the
Death’s Head busby.

  By advice of Major Schmidt, the
lights of the motor car were not lit. It
was a black car, with no brasswork, and
as they felt their way along the road in
the first hours of darkness before the
moon arose, the car seemed like a
deeper shadow in a place where all was
shadow.

  Morgan had not overstated the facts
when he said that Healy was driving
one of the best motor cars in Europe.
Its engine was a special one which Mor-
gan had secured from a friend in
P'rance. It had the four speeds for-
ward, it was practically silent, and it
was driven by a man who knew it and
loved it like a brother. Healy soon
found out where the ruts and worn
spots were in the road, and avoided
them.

  They moved along at a moderate pace,
steadily climbing the slow slope north-
ward and eastward. Luxembourg,
with its ancient towers, its quiet, in-
dustrious, peace-loving population, lay
behind them, caught tight in the grip
of that inexorable military machine
from which they were now trying to
escape. The chimes of St. Nicolas
might ring out at every second hour
their ancient refrain: “We want to re-
main just as we are,” but Luxembourg
was no longer to remain as it was. She
was caught in a coil of the serpent.
Bugles were blowing in her peaceful
market place, her quiet streets were
the bivouac of armed hosts.

  There were times when both Char-
lotte and Fairfax Morgan might have
thought war a glorious thing, and there
were times when Healy, now pale-faced
and silent, gripping tensely the wheel of
the car, had derided the apostles of
peace. But in this hour, as their car.
climbed the long hill westward, as they
listened to the distant reverberation and
waited for the moon to arise, they were
all oppressed, not by the sense of per-
THE CONFLICT

155

sonal danger, for all in their respective
ways were brave and unselfish enough,
but by the horror, the folly, the pathos
of war. The thousands dead, the peace-
fully happy fields plowed up by charg-
ing squadrons, the innocent children left
fatherless, the weeping and desolate
women, the ravaged beauty, the ruined
honor—all this and more of tragedy
spoke in that sullen rumble to the iiorth.

  It was almost moonrise, and they
were far beyond Luxembourg city when
Healy, whose steady gaze had never
for a second been removed from the
road ahead, brought his machine to a
standstill and pointed. Across the road
was a dark shadow two feet from the
ground—a rope to stop the passage of
a car. Such a trap as a country con-
stable might set, eager for the fines of
city speeders.

  As they came to a standstill a figure
emerged from the shadow at the side.
He was a noncommissioned officer, and
wore the spiked helmet of a Prussian
line regiment. He did not see the black
car, but paced back and forth, his hands
clasped behihd him—for he carried no
rifle—across the road. He was sing-
ing:

“Kennst du das Land, wo die Citroncn bliih’n,
Im dunkeln Laub die Gold-Orangen

     gliih’n-»

  He stopped his song suddenly as
Healy threw more gas into the motor
and started it humming. He saw them,
and came toward them. Now was the
test of the value of the Death Hussar’s
headdress. It was too dark to distin-
guish man from woman, to see a face,
but perhaps he might recognize the
white insignia on the black background,
and perhaps it might not be necessary
to show those passports which they all
felt would be of little value anywhere
in Count von Hollman’s jurisdiction.

  The Prussian came nearer, and Healy
suddenly threw on the lights, illuminat-
ing his face and figure. He was a well-
set-up fellow, with a blond beard. He
was blinded for a moment by the bright
lights, then his eye was caught by the
dark, erect figure of Charlotte in the
shadow behind them. It was instan-
taneously evident that he took her at
once for Count Otto von Hollman. His
heels came together, his figure straight-
ened up, his hand came to his forehead
in the old familiar way. He wheeled
about and gave an order. Other hel-
meted figures appeared, the rope was
dropped, and Healy threw in the clutch.
They shot across it, picking up speed as
they went.

  They had passed the last vidette of
Hollman’s troops. The moon was ris-
ing behind them, and the road stretched
clear before. Each of the three felt'
that they had passed the first great dan-
ger. Healy slumped down in his seat
as he held the wheel. Charlotte heaved
a tremulous sigh, and leaned back to-
ward Morgan. And Morgan himself
relaxed his tense grip on his Lugar pis-
tol, and caught one of her hands in-
stead.

  They were climbing the slopes of the
leafy Ardennes. Sometimes a rabbit ran
across their path. Sometimes a fox
barked in the black forest. The cool
chill of evening came with the rising
moon. Had it not been for that steady
nimble to the northward, it might have
been a country road in peaceful
America.

  If they could have pierced the dark-
ness before them! But the forests
muffled the stealthy march of thou-
sands, and no sound of drum or trum-
pet on that night, no rocket nor scout-
ing aeroplane marked the German ad-
vance.

TO BE CONTINUED.

    The third installment of this war novel will appear in the next number of the
POPULAR, on sale November 23rd.
DOVES OF PEACE AND WAR EAGLES

INCREDIBLE as it may strike the casual observer, there have been almost as
many wars as years in the past half century. More than thirty nations have
been at war since the shocking conflict of 1870 between France and Germany,
some of the countries having opened hostilities twice in that comparatively
brief period. Here are a dozen of the most important combatants on the list:
Austria, Brazil, China, France, Germany, Great Britain, Japan, Russia, Spain,
Italy, Turkey, and the United States. Altogether quite a quorum of world
powers.

    In 1899, to the shot-and-shell accompaniment of our Philippine insurrection
and the Boer and British conflict in Africa, the first peace conference met at
The Hague to assure the world of international felicity. Twenty-six nations were
represented, and the dawning twentieth century was heralded as the long-looked-
for era of brotherly love and universal comity. Mars must have smiled satirically
at this powwow of peace, for hardly had the cooings of the Hague dove ceased
when the Boxer uprising plunged the foremost nations into a melee of wholesale
slaughter. All through the Boxer troubles the Boer war went on, and continued
long after the fracas in China. Germany, too, jumped into the African arena with
a slogan of “No quarter!” to her dusky neighbors. Terror and rage had no sooner
subsided in South Africa when the Russians and Japanese were at each other’s
throats, and such carnage followed as had never been recorded in modern his-
tory. Two instances abundantly prove this: On the plains of Mukden, 600/000
combatants clashed and fought for fourteen days, and the list of casualties was
the largest of any single encounter knowTn, totaling 150,000 killed, womided, and
missing; the investment and reduction of Port Arthur involved four and a half
months of desperate fighting, the casualties being estimated at 100,000 in round
figures.

    Came a lull in 1907. Undaunted and idealistic, The Hague held its second
Peace Conference, at which forty-four nations were represented. With eyes
seemingly blind to the bloodshed of the first seven years of their chosen century
of arbitration, the pacificators declared that war was extinct. An article before
us in a newspaper of the time puts their conviction succinctly in a paragraph:

    The movement for the abolition of war among civilized nations is no longer a UtojJfan
dream of statesmen and philosophers, but has bccome a popular agitation which, literally
CAUGHT IN THE NET

15 7

encircles the globe. Arbitration, disarmament, and a permanent international congress are
being urged by public meetings in America, most of the countries of Europe, and even
distant Japan. The movement is not confined to one class. College professors, economists,
labor leaders, editors, and socialists join in the demand that war shall cease, that interna-
tional law shall take the place of violence and bloodshed.

    There is little need to refresh our minds that the Balkans, Greece, Turkey,
and Italy soon enough dispelled this millennium dream, and that the present gigan-
tic struggle of 1914 is a skull-and-crossbones label to their sweet prescription for
peace on earth.

    Truly the dove of peace has been brooding upon eagles’ eggs!

   And for the so-called humanization of war, which has been on every lip,
we fear there is no such anomaly under heaven. War has always meant, and
can only mean, cruelty, ruin, and death. If the soldiers of Queen Victoria were
guilty of barbaric acts during the Indian Mutiny, the French and Germans were
equally heartless in Boxer uprising and African butchery, and similar acts must
be considered as the concomitant of war anywhere.

   Let us borrow for a moment a German classic, entitled “On War,” to fur-
ther convince ourselves. A man named Clausewitz wrote the work, which is
rated by military critics as highly as “Faust” is by literary savants. The author,
born in 1780, learned from Napoleon; and Von Moltke, Oyama, and other great
army heads have used his book as their lexicon. We append a few of Clause-
witz’s tenets which are being followed by the fighting leaders at war to-day (the
italics are our own) :

    To conquer and destroy the enemy’s armed forces is the leading principles of war.

    The compulsory submission of the enemy to our will is the ultimate object.

    Violence—that is to say, physical force—is the means.

    Violence arms itself with the inventions of science in order to contend against violence.

    War is an act of violence which in its application knows no bounds.

    Let us not hear of generals who conquer without bloodshed.

    Self-imposed restrictions, almost imperceptible and hardly worth mentioning, termed
usages of international law, accompany violence without essentially impairing its effect.

    Philanthropists may imagine that there is some clever method of overcoming and dis-
arming an adversary without causing great bloodshed, and that such is the proper tendency
of the art of war. However plausible this may appear, it is an error which must be
extirpated; for in such dangerous things as war the errors which spring from benevolence
are just the worst.

    We must employ all the resources which we can make available with the utmost energy.

    He who uses force unsparingly, without reference to the quantity of bloodshed, is sure to
obtain the advantage if his adversary does not do likewise.

   The greatest war of all times is now waging on these principles. We can
only pray that at the Third Peace Conference, scheduled for 1917? the dove
may at last prevail against the eagles—that at least the work of Clausewitz and
what it stands for may be relegated to the relics of barbaric days.

INDEX NUMBERS

                                                                                                             /

NOW and then one sees reference in the daily papers to an “index number”
in connection with securities, or wages, or commodities, or something else.
But what an index number is and what it is good for are mysteries to
most persons.

    Briefly, an index number is a means of showing the fluctuations in the aver-
age price of a group of related things. The basis on which the average is com-
puted is usually the range of prices during the ten years between 1890 and 1900.
158

" THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

In that decade, economists assert, conditions were almost ideally normal. The
average wages in a group of trades, the average of business failures, the average
prices of a certain number of commodities, or whatever is to be the subject of
the index number, is ascertained, and the result is designated as 100. Subse-
quent averages are compared with this normal average and the percentage of
difference is added to or subtracted from the 100 which is the base. The result
is the index number.

    For example, take the cost of living this year and last compared with the
normal period between 1890 and 1900. It began in 1913, with 138 as the index
number—-which was 38% higher than the normal average of the wholesale
prices of a group of 25 commodities selected and arranged to represent a theo-
retical family’s food budget. It climbed to 144 in April, plunged to 136 in
June, then rocked up and down between 142 and 144, ending with the latter
figure in.December. This year’s cost-of-living index number was 140 in May, 146
in July, 4% lower at the opening of August, and is now shooting upward again.
On the average it will be several per cent higher than last year, and probably will
be 50% or more above normal by December.

    The rise and fall of the index number is oftenest shown by a chart. If the
fluctuations are severe the lines look' like a profile of the jagged peaks of the
Ancles. If they are moderate they curve up and down like rolling country.

    The index number is the economist’s horoscope. It is more of a guide, show-
ing the general tendency, than a prophet predicting what the end will be.

AS SAFE AS A BATTLEFIELD

DO you want a job at from fifteen to twenty-five dollars a day, no experience
necessary? Apply to a powder plant. Those are the wages they pay
in the glazing room as the price of courage. No man need be out of
work if he cares to take the risk. There is always a vacancy. The whole
staff changes 011 an average of once every six months. Occasionally the
inevitable happens. Oftener the men just quit, because they can’t stand the con-
stant strain.

    The glazing room is the danger center of the powder mill. There is nothing
more hazardous than that. Steam and friction there polish the granules of
powder. A suggestively perilous combination. The glaze on the powder puts the
finishing touch to its highly explosive powers. The better the glaze, the stronger
the powder—and the greater the danger.

    No one ever goes into a powder plant from curiosity, unless he is childishly
inquisitive. Visitors are not welcome. But the few that do appear, after hav-
ing obtained their passports from those high in authority, are thoroughly searched
before they enter. Every piece of metal—suspender buckles, garter clasps,
money: everything—must'be left outside. Once inside, every move’is watched
by the attendant. At the first gesture indicating fear or carelessness, the visitor
is hurried away. There is no ceremony about it, either.

    A visitor in a powder plant, to conceal his nervousness, drew a toothpick
from his pocket. Instantly two of the men nearest him threw* him to the
floor and took it from him. They thought it a match, and were taking no
chances.

    The men who make high explosives may get used to their occupations,
but they live in constant dread. They say that every powder plant blows up
CAUGHT IN THB NET

159

some day. They are very superstitious. A woman in the plant is the worst
of bad luck. Therefore no woman ever is permitted to enter. If one got a
look in, the men would quit in a body and never come back.

PHILIP

A DEPOSITOR in one. of the greatest banks of America went to the presi-
dent’s office one day and told to him a little story he delighted in telling.

“Good!” said the president. “Now will you write out what you
       have said to me?”

     The depositor did.

    Here is what he wrote:

     “Whenever I enter or leave the bank I am sure to receive a courteous greet*
ing and smile from Philip. Philip is the gentleman of color who officiates upon
the main floor, answers questions, and directs strangers to their proper anchorage.

    “He wears, in addition to his smile, a smart uniform of blue, with white
gloves; and West Point itself, even upon a field day, does not boast of a more
soldierlike personage.

    “Any bank can take and safeguard your money, and even pay it out to you
again on demand. Any bank can, upon the presentation of proper collateral, make
you a loan, and there are many other conveniences and courtesies which can be
extended; but there is only one bank, to my knowledge, that possesses a Philip,

    “Philip has that rare quality of not knowing or appearing to know what
manner of man or woman you are. To Philip every person entering or leaving
this—I came near saying his—bank is a potentate and deserving of all the courtesy
and attention supposedly due a potentate.

    “It makes no difference to him whether my clothes are ready-made and old
or the latest creation of a master, whether I am about to deposit millions or seek
a small loan—I am a visitor and a customer, and am, therefore, entitled to instant
recognition and courtesy, or, if I require it, attention and help.

     “In a bank, capital and surplus are necessary; officers with brains and business
acumen are necessary; conveniences and assistance are a part of the service you
expect; clerks and tellers must naturally be in attendance. But besides and beyond
all these there is something more to be desired, and Philip supplies it. Cold winds
may blow or summer’s sun beat down, rains may descend and floods come, but
the cheerful smile and inherent good nature of Philip are undisturbed. Like the
brook, they go on forever.

    “Most of us are very human, and we may, at times, be scant with our cour-
tesy, yet kindliness on the part of others we never fail to observe and appreciate.

    “The little things of life are important. A particle of grit may not wreck
the machinery of a great establishment, but it disturbs smoothness, and makes
the cylinders knock. A lubricant is a fine thing to have handy when the gears
grind. Philip helps supply the grease. He makes things run easier; he saves
horse power; he helps us to the best of his ability to conserve our energy.

    “What the world needs is more kindness; what the individual needs is more
patience; and what banks need is a Philip, for he is more than a faithful watch-
man, more than an efficient servant—he is an institution.”

    The president had that tribute printed on parchment. Tens of thousands
of copies have been struck off; and Philip—a gentleman whose skin is black—
will be known America over because he is a gentleman.
Fire in the Heading

By Julius G. Furthmann

   What happened at the hour of the morning shot at S. B. Canon in
British Columbia where the Grand Trunk Pacific was breaking a hard=rock
grade toward Prince Rupert. A story of giant powder and unparalleled
bravery.

KENNY sighed, and said women
were hard. The remark broke
a sort of gloomy silence, and
his friend, whom men called
“Bonfire’' because of a flaming poll of
short red hair, threw back his head and
laughed at the early sun.

  “Oh, I don’t know!” said he, and
laughed again.

  Kenny turned his head. He was a
dark-faced young man, with straggly
black hair, eyes packed away under
black brows, a long black upper lip, and
a great, clean-shaven jaw that looked
sullen as death.

  “What are you laughing at?” he de-
manded.

  “Nothing,” said Bonfire. “Why?”

  “I just wanted to know,” said Kenny.

  They sat on the bunk-house steps,
looking out over the dusty little con-
struction town. There it sprawled in
the white morning sun, a slattern sham-
ble of frame shacks and wooden build-
ings, flung up the hill, you might say,
to follow the road.

  About reared the black cake of the
mountain, ledge upon ledge, tier upon
tier, silent, nebulous in the clear, un-
tempered light.

  Breakfast was just over, and a noisy
crowd held the bunk-house porch. They
stood in sixes and sevens; tall, bar-
baric-looking men, deep of chest, with

shoulders like broad ledges of rock,
careless of speech and gay at heart.

  “Let’s go,” Kenny said suddenly.

  “Where?” asked Bonfire, looking sly.
For he was a big red animal, and the
sun was warm.

  Kenny stood up.

  “Let’s go down to the grade/' said
he.

  “What’s the hurry?” protested Bon-
fire. “It’s early yet. Wait till the night
shift pulls the morning shot. There’s
something I want to ask you about, any-
way.”

  “Come on, then,” said Kenny; and
started off.

  Bonfire looked after him for a mo-
ment.

  “Oh, sugar!” he said mildly; and got
up and followed.

  On the way down, their speech con-
tinued simple and infrequent. Kenny
produced a small sack of tobacco and
a little red book, and they began roll-
ing cigarettes.

  “I should let ’em alone/’ he said,
lighting his.

  “What?” asked Bonfire, puffing.

  Kenny took a deep inhale.

  “Women,” said he.

  There was a moment of silence, which
Bonfire broke.

  “Well,” said he, “I wish you’d begin
with Sandy McCann.”
FIRE IN THE HEJ3<DING

161

  “Huh?” said Kenny.

  And the two men stopped in full
stride. Sandy McCann was the grand-
daughter of old Robin McCann, who
tended the commissary at S. B. Canon
for the railroad contractors.

  “You heard me,” Bonfire said evenly;
“I want you to let her alone.”

  Kenny scratched his head.

  “That’s what worries me,” said he;
“I can’t.”

  Bonfire stuck out his lip.

  “You better!” he said belligerently.

  “Why, I’ve got ten pounds on you,
easy,” argued Kenny.

  Bonfire grinned and showed his
strong white teeth.

  “You’ll need it,” said he.

  Thus they faced one another, adding
irony to menace, two big, young men,
chock-full of speed and heat. They
stood almost in front of the commis-
sary, which overlooked the lower bend
of the road.

  “There she goes,” Kenny said, in a
minute. He was looking by, over Bon-
fire’s shoulder, down the road.

  It ended at the grade—a long, level,
white concourse of crushed stone that
wheeled in a slow, sweet curve toward
a quarrylike cut in the flank of the
mountain, where, as Kenny spoke, a
stupendous pillar of earth and rock of
a sudden rose in the air.

  Boom!

  The great hills shook; and in a near-
by shack a pane of glass fell, with a
tinkling crash, which accentuated rather
than disturbed the momentary silence.

  Boom-m!

  “Two,” said Kenny.

  There was no wind; only this low,
sullen road, and the sound of a dog
howling somewhere.

 Then-

  “Three,” counted Bonfire.

  The fourth fell to Kenny.

  People could now be seen on the
low porches and stoops along the road;
men coming out singly and in small
<nA

groups, with a few women, and fewer
children, all to stand and look at the
mountain. There was no excitement;
it was merely the hour of the morning
shot at S. B. Canon, in British Colum-
bia, where the Grand Trunk Pacific was
breaking a hard-rock grade toward
Prince Rupert.

  Shot succeeded shot, tearing the
earth; a measured crash on crash, as
of a battery of big guns. Meanwhile
the two big rock men continued their
friendly account; Kenny had the ninth,
and marked the deeper note of the shot.

  “Black powder,” he said; and the
red-headed man nodded.

  “It’s good stuff in the middle holes.”
  “Burns too slow.”

  “Prime it with giant.”

  “That’s better; but I like fine, white
muck. Black powder gives you noth-
ing but great chunks. A good, clean
shot of giant, well set down, is the boy
to smash the rock!”

  “Well,” said Bonfire, “this one fin-
ishes it.”

  Boom-m-m!

  The earth reeled slightly, and out on
the grade there reared a chaotic chim-
ney of rock and dust, towering against
the mountain for a moment, then cas-
cading with a pattering roar; a great
aura of dust and smoke rising slowly,
as on unseen wings, through the golden
silence that comes straight from the
heart of the early sun.

  For a moment the two men stood
quiet, looking out on the grade; far
below, thin lines of black specks were
picking their way back through the wild
street of broken rock, toward the un-
finished railroad cut. They were the
men of the night shift, returning to the
scene of the shot, to see what they
should see.

  Bonfire moved restlessly.

  “Well,” said he, “that gives us just
about a half an hour.”

  “It won’t take that long,” said
Kenny.
162

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “What d’you mean ?” demanded the
red-headed man.

  ‘‘Nothing," said Kenny, without
turning his head.

  Bonfire regarded him sullenly.

  “Well ?” said he.

  Kenny turned, lifting his lids.

  “In a hurry, now, aren’t you?’'

  “No; but the whistle blows at seven.”

  “Well,” said Kenny, looking around,
“I guess this place is as good as any/’

  Bonfire nodded, and, without further
ceremony, the two men began to pull off =
their corduroy jackets. In a minute,
they stood facing each other, stripped to
the waist; they looked beautifully
young and strong, and the light, which
had now the peculiar, almost supernat-
ural softness and limpidity of light fall-
ing in the early morn of the mountains,
came full upon them, and caressed their
stark, lithe nakedness.

 Kenny looked solemn. “Want to
shake hands ?” he asked.

  Bonfire grinned. “Might as weli,”
said he, advancing; “just to show
there’s no hard feelings.”

  This they did; then both men sprang
apart.

  “Ready?” muttered Kenny, his head
down.

  “Come on!” said Bonfire, and the two
men rushed together.

 Smack! Smack! Kennv had Bon-
fire in the mouth, and the red-headed
man didn’t like it. He tasted his own
salt blood, and saw red. For an in-
stant their figures whirled in a blur;
then they stood free, giving smash for
smash.

  A shout arose up the road. The pro-
cession of the day shift had begun, and
the leaders hurried down. Knots of
men followed on the run. And an old
man came out on the steps of the com-
missary.

  He stood on the low stoop for a mo-
ment, grinning at the sun; a little, lean
man, with wThite, wild locks sticking out
around his crown, like an aureole that

had been drawn through a bramble-
bush. Which will do for Robin Mc-
Cann, commissary clerk for Grant
Brothers, the railroad contractors.

  The crowd gathered quickly, making
a ring. They stood seven and eight
deep, picking their men.

  “Go in, Kenny!”

  “Now, Bonfire!”

  For the fighters clipped about, spar-
ring; they moved after one another
with short, springy steps, chins up, sa-
lient, like the carnivora.

  “Come on, Kenny!” yelled a sup-
porter.

  Kenny turned his face. “No hurry,”
he said, and ducked swiftly.

  For the red-headed man had swung
on the instant; Kenny side-stepped, and
caught him in full dash. Driving left
and right to the body, he followed up
Avith a rush of his own.

  The crowd veiled for him, and Robin
McCann Avent back into the commis-
sary. He went behind the counter,
and opened his ledger, turning to the
K’s.

  “Blackie Kenny.’’ So ran the head-
ing of the page, and the storekeeper
totaled the account. Then he turned
back, coming to the C’s.

  “Cobleigh,” said McCann, “Ross
Cobleigh. Here it is, a long, reckless
list for a short-stake man.”

  He made two slips, one for each bel-
ligerent. Might as well have them both
ready, though only one would be
needed, that of the defeated man, who,
if he was able, would stop only long
enough in camp to call for his time,
give away his bed, and go. This is a
custom among rock men, a good cus-
tom, too, that lends immediate and hon-
orable extinction to the fiercest quarrel,
whether it be for a job or a woman or
because a man just naturally can’t get
along. Somebody must go, that is all.

  McCann was checking over the two
slips when his granddaughter, Sandy,
came out from the rear of the store,
Fm& IN THE HEAVING

163

where she kept house. She was about'
twenty, slim and supple as larch, with
a bright color, and the round neck and
plump .throat of a dove. She had
abundant yellow hair, long lashes some-
what darker, and a habit, when she
spoke, of dropping her lids and smil-
ing.

  “Grandfather,” said she, and looked
at life with the mild blue stare of a
merry young nun.

  The old man lifted his head.

  “Eh?” he said.

  “Who’s fighting?” .

  “Two young fools.”

  A yell bombshelled out in front, and
Sandy ran to the window and looked.
“I knew it,” she said, in a minute.

  If the old man heard, he gave no
sign.

  “How does it go?” he asked pres-
ently.

  “In a hurly-burly of heads and shoul-
ders. You can’t see very much for the
crowd. Ah,” said she, “I saw Kenny’s
face then.”

  “How does he look?”

  “Strong—yet like it hurt him to
breathe.”

  “The man lacks his second wind. Is
Bonfire any better off?”

“The men are yelling for him.”
“He’s the lighter man, that’s why.^
The advantage is always with the
smaller. But don’t you worry about
Kenny,” he added, after a bit.

  The girl tossed her head.

  “I’m not worrying,” she said; “he’s
nothing to me.”

  “He sat on the stoop last night.”
“Yes; but Bonfire was there before
him.”

  “I know; and Kenny stayed last. The
man is like that, lass; he is, for a fact.’’
The girl turned 'her face from the
window. When she spoke, she dropped
her eyes and lowered her voice as peo-
ple do when religion or a dead parent
is the matter.

  “I call him hard,” said she, “as hard

and stubborn, I say, as some of his
own wild rock!”

  The old man leaned forward eagerly.
“You’ve said it, lass—a man draw's
character from his work. Strange,
wild, stubborn stuff, the rock. You can
cut it with steel, and break it with
giant, but you can’t kill it ever. It’s
smashed, yet it lives, they say, ready
to strike back. You’ve said it, lass;
there are men like that. Kenny, for
one.”

  He paused—for the crowd shouted
again, and the girl, watching at the win-
dow, gave a little cry. McCann glanced
across.

  “How is it now?”

  “Kenny is rushing like an angry
bull.”

  “He’s got his second wind, then.
How they yell!”

  “Bonfire has all he can do to save
his head. Ah,” she cried, “he’s down.”

  “I told you. Up black, down red,”
chuckled the old man. The girl was
white as windflowers, but she went on
calmly enough.

  “They’re both down,” she announced,
with a certain satisfaction.

  “Eh?” cried McCann.

  “Kenny fell over his man, carrying
into the crowd. I can’t see either of
them now; wait, they’re both up again.”

  “Good!” said McCann.

  “Bonfire is smiling,” continued the
girl, and something—the excitement or
what?—slowly kissed a stronger color
into her cheeks.

  “Aye,” muttered the old man, “Bon-
fire would smile; he would, for a fact.
So would a wolf, to show his teeth.”

  “It’s a rare, flashing smile,” the girl
said quickly. The old man sighed; it
was an old man’s sigh, and he shook his
head at his skinny knees.

  There was a moment of quiet, which
was smashed out o’ doors. The men
began shouting some one’s name; it be-
came a deep, bellowing roar.

  “Bonfire!” was the shout.
164

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  For up to now the red-headed man.
had given way, ana been clubbed down
by sheer weight. Kenny’s long game
was to give and take, Bonfire’s to hit
and get away; and now, with Kenny
slowing up for breath, he fell in and
out of his old snapshot form. Kenny
had had his inning, for a while there
had been no avoiding this big-bodied
avalanche of bone and muscle, and the
red-headed man had had all he could
do to cover up and run. This he did,
saving his head, until the rushes began
to fall short, grow more unsteady, more
wild, which must be expected if you
don’t get your man; and then, taking
his time, Bonfire began to cut Kenny
to pieces. Thus the tide turned; and
the crowd, seeing it, cheered.

  Kenny still rushed, but Bonfire
moved like a wind-driven shadow, hit-
ting hard and fast at every turn. At this
moment Kenny paused, and then, as if
gathering his last bit of reserve strength,
he made a staggering charge, slugging
out with both fists. Bonfire side-
stepped neatly, parading some pretty
footwork; he ducked under a full right
swing, and, driving left and right to the
ribs, got away. Kenny reeled under the
savage impact, but turned and came
back gamely; he rocked a little as he
came opposite his man, and his arms
drooped, as if he felt his fists to be an
unutterable weight. His face showed
terrible punishment. Every breath he
drew seemed a great actuality. The
man was all in.

  “Finish him!” bellowed the crowd.

  Bonfire smiled. His eyes were calm,
even pensive; but his face was terrible
—livid with the strange, unearthly rus-
set pallor that follows the stormy pag-
eant of red-headed men like a curse of
God. A sudden hush fell on the crowd,
which had drawn back a little, so that
the two men in the middle might have
plenty of room to make an end.

  This much Sandy saw from her win-
dow. The rest she saw from the stoop.

  Bonfire sprang in. Kenny raised his
right arm, with the motion of a tired
child, and Bonfire, playing to the crowd,
threw up both arms in a sort of mock
horror to save his jaw. He got a
laugh, all right, but hard rock is hard
rock, and gallery hazards their own
crime and punishment. For, whatever
happened to Kenny, he shifted to the
right on the instant, and, sinking his
left as he staggered by, drove the blow
home under Bonfire’s upraised guard.

  It was a terrific bunt. Kenny’s fist
traveled only four inches, but his shoul-
der made nine, bringing the whole body
behind the fist, which landed flush over
the heart—a two-hundred-and-ten-
pound jolt. The blow would have
dropped an ordinary man. Bonfire it
doubled into a tortured knot; and, as
he straightened up, Kenny advanced, a
bit unsteady but still competent, to fin-
ish him.

  Something happened then which must
be expected.

  “Kenny!”

  The voice halted the big rock man in
full stride; the crowd parted, and Sandy
burst into the ring, between the two
men.

  “Kenny!” she cried.

  He lifted his head, saw her, and
dropped his arm; he faced her, stream-
ing with, sweat, panting as if the labor-
ing breath would rip open his chest.
There was blood on his forehead, and
a keen, half-cruel look about the tight
lips and impatient eyes.

  “Huh ?” said he, on a great, gasping
breath that was like a sob.

  “Do you want to kill him?” she de-
manded.

  Kenny put up one hand and brushed
some of the blood and sweat from his
forehead.

  “I would,” said he; and Bonfire, pull-
ing himself together, reeled out from
behind the girl.

  “Come on,” he muttered; “I ain’t
done yet.”
FWE IN THE HEADING

165

  Sandy shouldered him off, big as he
was, and fronted Kenny. -“I can’t stand
any more of this,” she said, in a low
voice.

 Kenny drew another tremendous
breath, and nodded toward Bonfire.

  “D’you want him, then?” he asked.

  He looked her full in the eyes, and
Sandy hesitated; the crowd was quiet,
but drawing close—a circle of dark,
hairy faces, real yet unreal for her in
that moment as the malign masks of a
dream.

  Bonfire, a little aside, cleared his
throat in the silence.

  “Well?” said he.

  But the girl looked only at Kenny;
there was no minx in her now, and if
her eyes held his, it was all very frank
and unconscious.

  “I was just wondering,” she said
slowly.

  Kenny gazed down at her, his dark
face of a sudden lighting up writh a
quizzical, tender grin,

  “No hurry,” he said; but Bonfire had
it otherwise framed.

  “Let her settle it now,” he said
harshly. “What d’you say, Sandy?” he
demanded, plucking her arm and swing-
ing" her about, so that she once more
stood between the two men.

  For reply, the girl tore herself free;
she turned, regarding the red-headed
man for a moment. Then she threw
back her head and shook forth a soft*
bubbling laugh that filled the place with
music—and pure scorn.

  “No!” she cried, and so left them.

  Tht crowd opened awkwardly with
a shy truculence; the men didn’t quite
understand it all yet. Sandy mounted
the stoop; at the door she wheeled sud-
denly, her head thrown back, the white
throat showing, her face upturned like
that of a woman who is kissed upon
the lips.

  “I hate you!” she said. quite dis-
tinctly.

  Kenny looked up.

  “Who?” said he.

  “You,” said Sandy, and the door
slammed behind her.

  Bonfire laughed, a pleasant, soundless
laugh, through closed lips.

  “Now will you be good?” he said to
Kenny, who grinned sheepishly.

  “I guess I put my foot in it, all right,”
said he.

  “I was a little hasty myself,” ad-
mitted Bonfire; and they laughed to-
gether—silent, friendly laughter.

  The men joined in, breaking up
around them; there was nothing else
to do. For the whistle would blow in
a minute, and somebody was fetching
up a pail of water.

  “Take it,” said Bonfire.

  “Go on,” said Kenny, and the red-
headed man grabbed the bucket. Then,
when both had drunk their fill, they be-
gan to wash up, without further argu-
ment, in the same pail.

  McCann still sat behind the counter
when Sandy flew back into the store.
“I told you not to go,” he chided her.
Sandy had nothing to say till she got
her breath.

  “When does the minister come up
the river again?” she asked.

 “The minister?” said McCann;
“why, lass ?”

  “I want to tell you something,”
said she.

  McCann considered.

  “Let’s see. Doctor Darlison, the
Presbyterian, comes up every third Sun-
day. This is the second week, and
Saturday. He should be here to-mor-
row, then, on the morning work train.
Why, now?” asked the old man.

  “I shall be wed then,” said Sandy.

  The old man sat up.

  “Ha!” said he; “who is the man?”

  “That’s the trouble,” said Sandy; “I
can’t make up my mind.”

  And then, suddenly, with the chaotic
passion and abandon peculiar to women
and children, the girl put her yellow
THE 'POcPULA‘R MAGAZINE

head down on the counter and began
to cry.

  “Hush, child,” said the old man; “lis-
ten, there goes the whistle !”

  By the time Kenny and Bonfire had
pulled on their jackets and found their
hats, the lower grade was black with
the hurrying procession of the day
shift; even now the advance guard en-
tered the jagged portals of the great
cut, which was to open a way through
the flank of the mountain. They
started down the hill, following the
men. The earth sloped before them in
the sunshine; east and south the sky
was a vast opal. North,‘a long spur
of purple mountains stretched their
rosy flanks; and two big pink clouds
came sailing out solemn and stupendous
over the world.

  “Tell me something,” Bonfire began,
as they reached the grade. “Have you
never been whipped, Blackie?”

  Kenny shook his head.

  “Never,” said he; “but I was close
to it this morning.”

  “Oh, I don’t know,” said Bonfire.
“You threw it away,” said Kenny.
They were nearing the cut; the por-
tal loomed full of shadow, and away
from the mountain, on the left, for-
ever separated from the mother rock,
there rose a huge white spire, lifting a
profile of sheer, beautiful lines. The
cut was almost finished. The way lay
open save for a big bench of white lime-
stone, about twenty feet high and more
than thirty feet deep, which still blocked
the far end of the cut.

 Kenny marked this as they ap-
proached.

  “Leaves a pretty good jag of rock,”
said he.

  “We ought to break it with the day
shot,” said Bonfire.

  Kenny considered him. “Figure on
using any black powder?”

  “I’d like a little,” said Bonfire—“in
the middle holes.”

  The other cast a robust sigh. “Well,”

said he, “to-morrow’s Sunday, and they
were figuring on getting the portals of
that new work around the bend opened
up by the first of the week.”

  “What d’you mean?” demanded Bon-
fire ; for black powder, in its place, was
his hobby.

  Kenny grinned. “Nothing,” said he.

  “Oh, have it your own way!” said
Bonfire. They were the powder men.

  They found the cut in a thunder of
activity. Men swarmed everywhere;
even on the walls, high in the air, cling-
ing to ropes like flies. With picks and
shovels others attacked a young hill of
broken rock heaped before the bench.
This was the product of the morning
blast, and these men were the muckers.
They ranked with the barrow men, who
worked between the bench and the
dump. The drills were mounted on the
bench; and now, as Kenny and Bon-
fire walked through the cut, all sounds,
the sullen roar of the broken rock down
the dump, the shouts and yells of the
men on the walls, the clear skirl of pick
and shovel, were blotted out in the high
note that was the terrific duet of rock
and steel.

  There were four drills; tripods,
driven by compressed air piped up from
the power house below town. They
stood on the flat shelf of the bench,
each machine manned by a drill run-
ner and a helper. The latter knelt be-
fore the drill bar, the runner standing
aft, turning a little crank. The helper
swung a wrench, pointing the drill and
seeing to it that the steel ran free in the
hole; the runner stood back, feeling
things through the crank, while the ma-
chine drove the steel down through the
living rock.

  Over all stood the foreman of the
cut—a squat, barnacle-faced man with
a hard mouth and a chest like a churn.
Fie grinned down at Kenny and Bon-
fire as they ascended the little path that
led up the side of the bench.
FIRE IN THE HEAVING

167

  “When are you going to finish it ?”
he yelled, above the din.

 Kenny bent over him. “I don’t
know,” he shouted; “this evening, I
guess'?”—the inflection falling to Bon-
fire, who nodded back.

  “To-night—after shift,” was what
they read on his moving lips.

  Thus they agreed; but very much
happened yet that day. But all things
in order. Thus they fell out:

  Seven holes of the round were set
dowfi by ten o’clock. These were the
side holes, and, by the time the men
knocked off for dinner, Kenny and Bon-
fire had six of them ready for the pow-
der. For Bonfire, with hard luck and
dry sand, had lost the seventh.

  “She was skittish to go with,” said
Kenny.

  Bonfire had showed some chagrin;
men counted him a master of his craft,
and a lost hole was a lost hole.

  “I tried her when they first took the
steel out,” added Kenny; “and broke a
good tamping rod.”

  “She slid away from me,” sulked the
red-headed man, “just like she had
eyes.”

  “I always use wet sand in them
kind,” suggested Kenny.

  “I like it dry,” said Bonfire—“tamped
down with a little fine gravel.”

  As he pleased! Kenny took another
tack. “I don’t think you sprung her
too strong,” said he.

  “Wrong again,” growled Bonfire;
“that was just it—I used her too hard
and she let me hold the bag. I made
the first pocket with three sticks of
giant. That was all right, but I tried
to shoot the second with nine; and she
wabbled. Seven was enough.”

  “You never can tell,” said Kenny.

  At four o’clock the round was com-
plete. It consisted of fourteen holes,
set down in the rock about twenty feet
deep, loaded with giant and black pow-
der. Kenny had let Bonfire have his
way with the middle holes, which are

the king row of the shot, to cheer him
up. It had; Bonfire was smiling now
like a pleased child:

  “Some shot,” said he.

  And his eye traveled over the orderly
array of empty dynamite cases and
black-powder cases on the bank.

  “Count ’em,” said Kenny.

  “I have,” chuckled Bonfi&e; “two
hundred and four cases of sixty per
cent giant, one hundred and six forty
per cent, and seventy-one cans of black.
Enough powder,” he added, with a
grin, “to knock wrhite out of the moon
at a quarter of a mile!”	*

  It was a big shot; a world of pow-
der, the men said, to get in fourteen
holes. The rock foreman came up.

  “How a>re you fixed?” he asked
Kenny.

  “Look at her,” said Kenny.

  The bench was cleared for action.
Lengths of black fuse lay out on the
surface, like the tentacles of a giant
devil-fish that had been imprisoned in
the rock, showing the position of each
hole. The drills had long since been
dismounted and gotten out of the way.
“We’re all ready to fire,” said Kenny.
“Let her go!” said the foreman.
Kenny lit a cigarette.

“Get your men out of the cut,” he
said; “the shortest fuse is seven feet.”
“That gives us seven minutes,”
nodded the foreman. He eyed Kenny
curiously, his head down.

  For the big powder man had picked
up a spare length bf fuse and was open-
ing one end with his knife. This done,
he touched the cut with his cigarette
light; a thin stream of sparks shot
forth, and Kenny turned around to
Bonfire, who stood a little to one side,
just lighting a similar fuse for himself.

  “Take the side holes,” said Kenny;
“and come across to the middle. I’ll
take the breast holes and finish up with
the lifters.”

  The foreman waited no longer. He
168

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

turned and ran down the path. His
voice was like a trumpet.

  ‘'Fire in the heading!” it rang
through the cut.

  The men took up the cry. Their
voices rose in a kind of chant:

  “Fire in the heading!”

  And like black water the bulk of the
shift rushed out on the grade, carrying
the shout. Up on the hill you could
hear them. The girl Sandy paused on
the road coming down.

  McCann had asked her where she
was going.

*	“Down to the grade,” said Sandy.

  “Have you no shame?” scolded the
old man; “those men are going to make
an end of it to-night.”

  “I know,” said Sandy; “let me pass,
grandfather.”

  The old man peered at her for a mo-
ment ; then he moved out of the door.

  “I promised your mother,” he said
slowly, “never to stand in your way.
But think, lass, what people will say.”
“It’s all one thing to me,” said Sandy.
And so she started down the hill, to
see wfhat the end would be.

  The sun was very near his setting.
Small red clouds floated in the western
quarter of the sky. In the east there
was a warm dusk, the solemn hush of
evening, and a young moon rising over
the great hills.

 And down on the beach the two
powder men were nearly done. Little
wreaths of smoke, taking odd forms in
the soft light, lifted their heads all over
the rock. There was no sound save a
sudden exclamation from one or the
other of the two men when something
went wrong, and occasionally, down in
the cut, the voice of the rock foreman,
raised in some argument with the drill
runners, who were waiting there for
Kenny and Bonfire.

  The latter squatted over one of the
middle holes, and within arm’s length
knelt Kenny, in some difficulty with the
last of the lifters. The fuse, which was

a short one, had slipped back into the
hole.

  With an exclamation he sat back and
looked around for a miner’s spoon.
There one lay, the long shank half
buried in sand, on the other side of the
bench. There was no time to get up
and get it, so Kenny thrust his hand
into the hole and felt for the evasive
fuse. The hole was only a little bigger
around than his wrist, but Kenny got
his hand in somehow, and located the
end of the fuse with the tips of his
fingers. Presently he got a good hold
of it and started to pull his hand out
of the hole.

  At this moment Bonfire stood up,
threw down his improvised fuse, and
stamped it out carefully. There was
enough fire on the rock.

  “Come on!” said he.

  “Wait a minute,” muttered Kenny.

  Bonfire walked over. Kenny’s back
was turned, but the other could see he
was tugging at something.

  “I’m all done,” said Bonfire; “what’s
the matter?”

  Kenny sat back; he breathed in once,
hard.

  “Nothing,” said he; “I got my hand
caught, that’s all.”

  “Quit your kidding,” said Bonfire.

  “I ain’t kidding you,” said Kenny;
“look!”

  Bonfire bent over. One glance was
enough.

  “My crimson oath,” he said slowly,
“that’s a fine place to put your hand!”

  Kenny tugged at it.

  “She tried to get away from me,” he
said fiercely.

  “Eh ?” said Bonfire, bending over.

  “That blooming fuse,” said Kenny, in
reply.

  “I caught my hand like that once,”
said Bonfire, staring, “when I was a
kid. It was in a pitcher, and they had
to break it.”

  Kenny glared down at the rock, and
eased his wrist in the hole.
FI<RE IN THE HEAVING

169

  “It’s the same thing,” said he; “only
this pitcher is big as all outdoors!”

  “Pull on it once,” Bonfire said
thickly ; “here, let me get a hold of you.”

  But Kenny waved him back.

  “If anybody could pull it out,” he
said, “I could; and I can’t make up my
mind to leaving any more skin in this
hole!”

  A voice came up from the cut.

  “Hey,” it said, “are you fellows go-
ing to take all night?”

  Bonfire ran to the head of the path.

  “Come up here a minute,” said he.

  The rock foreman appeared, with
three drill runners at his heels. The
situation spoke for itself; the foreman
shook his head.

  “You’re just as good as dead,” he
said briskly.

  “Huh?” said Kenny.

  “Take a slant at that,” said the other.

  Kenny turned suddenly. Smoke stood
thick on the rock; an ominous curtain
shrouded the bench, hanging waist-high,
like a pall. When Kenny turned again
his dark face had lost a shade, and
about the tight mouth there were two
new lines, that made you think some-
how of medieval knights and sudden
death.

  “Well,” said he, “you lads better be
slinking your hook.”

  The rock foreman coughed.

 “Somebody get me a pick!” he
snapped.

  “I’ll go,” said one of the men eagerly.
Bonfire looked after him with a sneer.

  “Something tells me,” said he, “that
Cockie Wicks won’t come back.”

  “Neither would I,” growled one of
the others; “you know as well as I do
there ain’t a pick to be had now this
side of the powder magazine,” which
was a good quarter of a mile.

 “Every man for himself,” said
Kenny.

  “That’s the old rule,” said the rock
foreman, “but I-”

  “Do me a favor,” Kenny said shortly.

  “Give it a name,” said the other, and
Kenny looked up at Bonfire.

  “Take him with you,” he said.

  Bonfire wet his lips. He had been
looking for something like this; these
three men, who were going to run for
their lives, would waste a lot of time
trying to take him with them,

  “If you let me alone,” said he, “I’ll
go first!”

  Which he did, without another word,
showing the way down the path. Kenny
looked up presently.

  “He might have said good-by,” he
said to the mountain; and somebody
laughed.

  It was Bonfire, standing at the head
of the path—a bit out of breath, but
his own man again. And Kenny said:

  “Oh, it’s you, is it?”

  “I came back,” said Bonfire.

  “Where did you leave the others ?”
Kenny wanted to know.

  “At the bottom of the path. They
came down one by one; I wanted an
even break, that was all. So I came
back,” said Bonfire, “to make you a lit-
tle proposition.”

  “You wouldn’t bargain with a dead
man ?”

 “You’re good for any man—from
where you sit—till you draw your last
breath. You’re the kind that can al-
ways come back; you proved that this
morning, and I ain’t going to take any
more chances. Let me finish, Blackie
Kenny; I’m going to bargain with you
for your life, and it’ll be a good bar-
gain for me whether you say yes or no.
I want you to get out of this camp on
the night work train, and if she ain’t
called for six o’clock, I want you to
walk out!”

  “Somebody’ll have to pull this load
first,” said Kenny.

  “I’ll do it,” said Bonfire.

  Kenny looked at him curiously.
Among rock men, even with a flying
start, this was considered the task of
tasks.
170

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “You must want that girl pretty bad,”
he said.

  “She’s got in my eyes,” Bonfire said
simply, “just like the sun.”

  “Well, then,” argued Kenny, “why
don’t you go away and leave me to the
shot ?”

  Bonfire looked hurt.

  “Why, I wouldn’t let a dog die like
that/^he said; “look here!”

  He strode to the first side hole. He
knew almost to the stick how much
giant powder it contained, but his hand
held no tremor as he inserted the spoon
and coolly dug out the hissing fuse.
“How does she stand?” asked Kenny,
Bonfire dragged out the whole length.
A yellow stick of giant powder followed
it like a plummet. This was the primer,
and contained a fulminate cap ,which
clamped the fuse at one end. Bonfire
stood up, reading the black length as
you would a strip of tape from a ticker.

  “Oh, you’ve got about four minutes,”
he said, snapping the fust below the
spark. “What d’you say?”

  “No,” said Kenny.

  “Yes,” said another voice; and Sandy
McCann stood at the top of the path,
binding her yellow hair in the dusk.
She was very pale, as one after a long
run, and quite calm. Her right sleeve
was ripped to the shoulder and the
whole arm showed, smooth, rounded,
lovely.

  “A drill runner brought the news
down the grade,” she explained; “and
I’ve been standing here a full minute,
getting my breath.”

  “Who tore your dress ?” Bonfire de-
manded suddenly, as if that were all
the trouble.

  “A man,” said the girl; “I met three
of them coming into the cut, but the
other two didn’t stop.”

  Kenny stared at her over his shoul-
der, something gradually washing his
face of color. He jerked his head at
Bonfire.

  “Get her out of this,” he said
hoarsely; “get her out of this, man !'■
Bonfire turned to the girl.

  “You heard what I said,” she told
him; “you can make your bargain
with me.”

  “No!” said Kenny. He shouted it
at them.

  “Hush !” said the girl; “I’ve made up
my mind.”

  Bonfire stood over him.

  “You can’t stop me,” he said.

  “Huh !” said Kenny. ,

  Bonfire sprang back; and the impris-
oned man reached for his leg and
missed. He fell forward, his free hand
stabbing the air; he drew back, tugging
furiously at the rock, until the smoke
and pain choked him down to his
haunches again. He sat there, gazing
wistfully at the red-headed man, who
now knelt over the second side hole.

  The fuse here had been cut a foot
longer than the first, but by now the
spark had burned down to the three-
minute mark. For Bonfire’s knife blade
nicked it at a point just three feet from
the primer. This, you might say, rep-
resented his handicap on the whole
round, which had been timed tt> fire at
one-minute intervals. Each hole, Bon-
fire knew, contained a fuse trimmed one
foot longer than the last. There were
twelve holes to go—no, eleven, count-
ing out the one in which Kenny had
caught his hand; he had his handicap,
and must keep it, or death would be in
good season. Of course, every-second
held the chance of a faulty fuse and a
sight of eternity; but by the same token,
fate and manufacture, as stars in har-
mony, might smother a spark and re-
turn life in a squib.

  Bonfire gained nothing at the third
hole. Here- he sat back, calling Sandy
to bring him the spoon, which he had
left behind. She came quickly and
knelt beside him, watching him work;
and thereafter she followed him from
■hole to hole, fascinated, perhaps, by the
FI<RE IN THE HEAVING

171

speed of his hands and a dawning reali-
zation of the dearness of things.

  There was just enough light to see by
—between the rose of evening and the
glory of the moon; and a fresh young
wind, now and then, to take care of the
smoke.

  Bonfire picked up a minute at the
first breast hole, and lost it at the sec-
ond. The fuse evaded him cunningly,
and the rock seemed determined to hold
it fast. Bonfire cursed the rock, en-
dearing it with the same breath; for
of a sudden the fuse came willingly to
his hands. It was this way with every-
thing ; fuse, fire, powder, rock, and
spoon. He personified them all, array-
ing himself against these things as if
they, not he, were possessed. For luck
he spat on his palms, and rapped the
face of the rock with the spoon to make
them both behave.

  At intervals now he laughed and
sang. It was as one passing the nadir
of a frenzy. He would pull the load, all
right. Of that much he was certain.
Eight holes lay behind him, robbed of
their fire, and the honors were almost
even. The last breast hole told him
that; his knife gashed the spark a good
two feet and a half above the primer.
Bonfire showed the fuse to the girl, call-
ing her “Woman,” and laughed again in
gay excitement. The word thrilled her;
but it was only a flash, and left her a
little puzzled and sad, though she still
sat by and handed the man what he
wanted. She followed him about, as
one walking through a dream; yet if he
dropped his knife she picked it up, and
felt it a duty to keep the spoon ever
under his hand.

  Thus they came to the lifters. There
were three of them, but only two holes
smoked, and Kenny sat with his right
hand in the farthest.

  The fuses were long, and close to the
rock, yet Bonfire gained nothing here.
He had to take his time, and watch

where he moved, because Kenny was fo
close.

  The latter, however, sat watching him
quietly, and made no hostile sign.

  “How are they coming?” he asked.

  Bonfire showed him.

  “There’s only the three middle holes
left,” he said; “and we got something
over two minutes.”

  Kenny nodded.

  “They’re full of black powder,” he
said; “but a man ought to know his own
tamping.” He didn’t look at the girl.

  Bonfire had begun on the first middle
hole, but Sandy still knelt before the
last lifter, where he had left her. She
watched Kenny curiously. His face
drawn, pale, haggard even, like those at
the end of a long vigil. The girl thought
of physical pain, and, no doubt, she
imagined she understood all the misery
he was suffering, and yearned to go to
him and comfort him as only the woman
he loves can comfort a man; but she
didn’t. She only sat there, and looked
at him sullenly. For he wouldn’t look
at her; he sat with his head turned,
looking at Bonfire, his expression that
of a man watching a climax in which
he intends to share.

  His profile was quiet; yet every line
spelled alert daring and great hardi-
hood of soul; and the big jaw was set
like a plowshare.

  The middle holes ran through the
center of the bench. They had been set
down about six feet apart, the last one,
or the one nearest to Kenny, being set
out a little, owing to a fault in the rock.
So Bonfire, reaching here at length, al-
most faced Kenny, who sat a little
aside; near enough, had he wished, to
reach out with his free hand and touch
the other on the shoulder. But Kenny
sat motionless, with eyes that looked at
nothing and seemed to see everything.
He moved once, easing his wrist in the
rock; and the girl, watching him, knew,
in a blinding flash of the intuition God
gave to all women and some men, what
172

THE <PO(PULA(R MAGAZINE

his next move would be. What would
happen she had no idea; she felt a
strange lightness, her thoughts flying
out of her head like feathers out of a
bag. This much is certain—she re-
tained 110 thought of warning Bonfire;
she could only sit and wait, which is
what women are for.

  Bonfire worked deliberately now. It
was the last hole of the round, and no
use taking chances. The fuse, judging
from the one before, should be about
two feet long now, and a reasonable
hazard. He inserted the spoon care-
fully, holding the long shank lightly in
his left hand, the elbow out; in his
right hand he held his knife, ready to
cut the moving spark. His work was
good; there was 110 lost motion, no fal-
ter of hand or eye. He had forgotten
the girl, Kenny, everything. He was
on the edge of his triumph, making his-
tory. Men would talk of this thing for
a long time, sitting around red-hot
stoves, when the bunk house was
drowsy with old songs and rock men
singing.

  His face told Kenny when the spoon
at length clipped the burning fuse. But
there, it had slipped away again. The
red-headed man sat back, and, unmind-
ful of the girl, spoke in a loud voice.

  “There’s plenty of timd,” he added to
Kenny; “but this thing gets on a fel-
low’s nerves.”

  “I should say it does,” said Kenny.

  Bonfire returned to his task. But
now, try as he would, the spoon only
brought up sand. Sweat poured down
his face; he could feel it welling under
his armpits and streaming down his
breast. It soaked him, and his throat
felt dry as a street in the sun. Mean-
while a little pile of white sand grew
beside the hole. Bonfire glanced at it
once, saw a few black grains on the
peak, and slowly went red, which was
his way of turning pale. It meant only
one thing: He was down to the load;
his tamping gone, and only a few inches

of fuse between spark and powder;
black'powder, at that! The hole stopped
smoking all of a sudden, which was an-
other bad sign. Wait, he had it ; no,
yes, that was it!

  It was then, as Bonfire raised the fuse
with a touch light as a feather, that
somebody suddenly took hold of his
elbow.

  “Got it?” said Kenny, over his free
arm.

  “Uh-huh!” said Bonfire. It was all
he could say.

  “Well,” said Kenny, “IVe got you!”

  His voice was steady enough; but his
eyes seemed to catch fire and blaze up.

  “My crimson oath,” said Bonfire;
“leggo !”

  Kenny’s grip tightened gently.

  “Put down that knife,” said he;
“there, if you move again, your old
black powder will be the death of us
all!”

  •Bonfire relaxed. He loved life; there
was nothing else to do. The sun was
setting, and he wanted to see it again;
that was all.

  “Well ?” said he.

  “Turn and turn about,” said Kenny;
“you was making bargains a while back.
Now I’ll have my say.”

  The girl came toward them, creeping
across the rock on her hands and knees,
her face a white blur in the half light.

  “Go on,” said Bonfire, thinking of the
burning fuse and kingdom come.

  “To go back to where we were in the
beginning,” said Kenny; “and let the
girl make up her mind when she gets
good and ready. . . . Make that a
bargain, I say, or we’ll all start for
heaven on the shot.”

  “Fair enough,” Bonfire said, without
hesitation.

  “What d’you mean?” said Kenny.

  “I’ll take my chance,” said the other,
“with Sandy. Now leggo !”

  Kenny leaned back; Bonfire put a lit-
tle purchase on the spoon, and directly
he grabbed something from the hole.
FIRE IN THE HEADING

173

He held it away from his face; a yellow
stick of giant, with a tiny wisp of white
smoke curling from a black stub at one
end. He reached wildly for his knife.

  “Throw it,” said Kenny.

  This Bonfire did, without further
argument. The little stick fiew out into
the cut, suddenly exploding with a
short, whiplike roar.

  In the silence, a few pebbles, loosened
by the vibration, could be heard rattling,
one after the other, down the side of
the mountain.

  '‘Pretty close,” said Kenny.

  Bonfire stood up and brushed his
knees. “I tell you,” said he, “I could
feel it going off in my hands!”

  The girl had arisen a little ways off,
and now stood watching them, a little
uncertain, perhaps, what she should do.
She was in a kind of trouble; so would
you be, if you were young, and a
woman.

  Kenny addressed her for the first
time. “You have beautiful hair,” he
said suddenly.

  Sandy discovered that it was undone,
and a trifle confused she began to braid
it before them, recovering somewhat in
the feel of the long, cool bands. “I've
heard that before,” said she.

  A bit of sun, it was the last, thrust
along the rock and touched her face,
then his; and the other man watched
them, standing in the shadow.

  "It shines like gold,” said Kenny.
She shook out a strand, to catch the
light ; but like that, it had gone.

  “It only reaches to my waist,” said
Sandy.

  Bonfire cleared his throat; come,
things were getting away from him.

  “I wonder,” he said pleasantly, “if
we’ll get to pull shot again to-night yet.”

  Kenny looked around/

  “I don’t see why not,” said he; “if
I had a pick or something I could break
my fist out of this hole myself.”

  Bonfire started for the path.

  “I'll go down and call the men,”
said he.

  He stopped suddenly, and looked
back at the girl, as a man sure of
himself.

  “Come on,” he said.

  She hesitated.

  It was casual enough, all of it; but
worthy of note is the casual, especially
wherein it cross-sections the movement
of instinct, which is the movement of
life.

  Kenny spoke to her.

  “Go on, if you like,” said he.

  Sandy dropped her lids.

  “No,” she said, in a low voice; “let
me stay.”

  That was all; yet, oddly enough,
Kenny showed no surprise, and the man
Bonfire seemed to be learning all its
misery.

  “I knew it,” said Kenny.

  “Well, wouldn’t that kill you?” said
Bonfire.

  He spoke aloud, but neither Kenny
nor the girl appeared to hear him. For
Kenny was looking at Sandy, and Sandy
was looking at the west, which had sud-
denly become splendid, all red and gold,
like a marriage pageant.

  Bonfire turned presently, and started
down into the cut. Sandy must have
turned at once, for Bonfire heard her
say to Kenny:

  “Tell me something!”

 And Kenny:

  “I’d tell you anything!”

  “How did you know?” Sandy asked
him; and Bonfire stopped for Kenny’s
reply.

  “Ha,” said Kenny, “a man with his
neck in a noose learns a whole lot about
women in two minutes!”

  Bonfire started on again.

  “Oh, I don’t know,” he said to the
mountain.
A Motion-Picture Hero

By William Holloway

The motion-picture fan, represented by the office boy, -.and the anti-motion-
picture fanatic, represented by the boss, are brought together by an almost
unbelievable happening that proved the office boy was right and the boss wrong

NOBODY really knows what
would happen should an irre-
sistible force meet an immov-
able body, though the problem
is one that has fascinated the human
mind for centuries. Indeed, in various
secluded retreats throughout the coun-
try thousands of earnest gentlemen in
strait-jackets are devoting their lives
to a solution of this very question.
Which will excuse Jimmy Lannigan’s
interest in the subject.

  Not that Jimmy—office boy of The-
ophilus Dawson, the great philanthro-
pist—had ever heard of irresistible
forces or immovable bodies. But when
a boy is crazy about the “movies/' and
his employer has a grim determination
to wipe the whole motion-picture indus-
try from the face of the earth, there
surely is in evidence a situation not un-
like that which gives the strait-jacketed
gentlemen food for thought.

  The curious part of it all was that
Theophilus Dawson never even sus-
pected that the hateful “movies” had an
adherent in his very office. Tall, gray,
austere, with a rooted distrust of his
fellow man’s ability to choose his pleas-
sures wisely, Theophilus Dawson had
drifted inevitably and naturally into an-
tagonism to the aggressive and energetic
film industry.

  At first he had contented himself with
letters of protest to the more conserva-
tive newspapers, and with an occasional
contribution to the funds of the Anti-

Vice Society. Then came the alarming
discovery that an East Side boy had
stolen a nickel to view a Western
“movie,” and straightway the city, or
that part of it represented by Theoph-
ilus Dawson, was ablaze for reform.

  In the campaign that ensued, The-
ophilus Dawson took a prominent part.
Pie it was who presided at the monster
Anti-Motion-Picture rally in Carnegie
Hall; his money gave financial backing
to the nation-wide attack on the film in-1
dustry; his views, eagerly sought by
avid reporters, were spread broadcast
throughout the landin a word, The-
ophilus Dawson, by one of the whimsies
of fate, came to his own! All of which
combined to make Jimmy Lannigan’s
position ..peculiar.	'

  Jimmy was fifteen, red-haired, frec-
kled, with a glint of humor in his gray
eyes, and a laugh spontaneous enough
to melt the heart of a janitor and in-
duce him to turn on steam. He lived
with his mother in one of those rear
three-room uptown flats where the air
shafts are so narrow that a stay of
merely three minutes at an air-shaft
window will enable a woman to qualify
as an expert in the domestic affairs of
half her neighbors. Which explains
why the air-shaft window flourishes
in spite of building reforms !

  Jimmy’s greatest pleasure, as hereto-
fore intimated, consisted in visiting the
motion-picture shows. Let there be no
mistake about this! Theophilus Daw-
A MOTION-<PICTU<RE HE<RO

!7>

son's office boy, far from sharing his
employer’s hatred of the fascinating
films, actually gloried in them! Other
boys might have their great men: their
’Cobbs, their Speakers, their Brickleys,
their Ted Merediths! But for Jimmy
Lannigan the world of heroes was
bounded by the flickering canvas
whereon the leading men of the photo-
play world went through their won-
drous evolutions.

  He knew them all by heart—Wilbur,
Costello, Fielding, Anderson, Blackwell,
Bushman, Kerrigan, Mitchell; knew
them in Wild West thrillers, in down
East romances, on the prairies, in draw-
ing-rooms, in offices, in banks; saw them
facing dangers with a smile, laughing
at accidents, making a fool of disaster!
And, bending forward in his seat, he
worshiped at their shrine.

  This was in the evening. The morn-
ing brought disillusionment. There was
Theophilus Dawson to be encountered,
his prim, austere face antagonistic to
the very mention of Jimmy’s heroes;
there were messages to be carried—mes-
sages, as he well knew, to other cru-
saders in the “anti-movie” cause; there
was to be faced a whole atmosphere
hostile to the things he loved. Where-
fore it was that Jimmy Lannigan at
times caught himself wondering what
would really happen if Theophilus Daw-
son discovered the traitor in his camp.
The question of an irresistible force
meeting an immovable body never—as
has been said—entered Jimmy’s mind.
The situation to him was very simple:
“Will he fire me? Or will he not?”
And, sad to relate of a man of such
really fine instincts as Theophilus Daw-
son, the office boy’s decision was in fa-
vor of the expeditious mode of depar-
ture known as “getting fired.”

  If one believes the old proverb every
cloud will be observed to have a silver
lining. The beauty of this proverb lies
in its truth. Virginia Dawson was the

silver lining in Jimmy Lannigan’s storm
cloud.

  On second thoughts, silver is too poor
a substance to compare to Virginia
Dawson. If she must be likened to a
metal, let it be the very purest gold.
But, indeed, I have an idea that even
refined gold is hopelessly inadequate
to represent a good woman. So why
not think, as Jimmy did, that she was
the essence of sunshine ? It is true that
Jimmy never put his thought into
words. But it was there, nevertheless,
in the recesses of his brain from the un-
forgettable morning when he first saw
Virginia Dawson, blue-eyed, sunny-
haired, frank and smiling,* enter her
father’s grim office. And to receive a
nod as she passed him! Could there
be greater bliss?

  There was a world of humor in Vir-
ginia Dawson of which her austere fa-
ther never dreamed; there was, more-
over, a ready sympathy and gift of in-
tuition which led her straight to the
heart of the boy’s secret. It happened
one day when the girl—she was in the
early twenties—was sitting in her fa-
ther’s office listening to one of his end-
less harangues against the motion-pic-
ture evil. Jimmy Lannigan chanced to
be standing near by, waiting for a let-
ter, and the restless twitching of his
shoulders as he listened told the observ-
ant girl his secret.

  As they passed into the hall, she
flashed him a glance, laughing, quiz-
zical, sympathetic. “So, Jimmy,” she
smiled, “you like the pictures, do you?”

  It needed only one look at her face
to make Jimmy understand. Some-
thing vaguely indistinct in his mind, a
feeling he could not analyze, told him
that this girl might be trusted with the
secrets of the whole world, and that she
would never betray her trust.

  “You bet I like ’em!” he whispered,
one eye on the office door. “Do you ?”

  She shook her head, and Jimmy’s
heart sank. Was it possible that a girl
176

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

like that—a real “corker,” if ever there
was one—could fail to enjoy the swift,
realistic motion of the filmed faces
across the canvas? That she could fail
to respond to the tantalizing lure of
viewing plot, action, life itself develop
before her very eyes? Then his heart
gave a bound; she was speaking.

  “I have never been to the pictures,”
she said slowly. "So you see I can’t
say whether or not I care for them.
I'd like to go—ever so much. But it
would make father unhappy. So I stay
at home.”

  Jimmy nodded wisely, and a profound
sense of his own superior opportunities
soothed him. “I go every night,” he
declared proudly.

  “Then tell me about them,” said the
girl, giving her chauffeur a signal to
wait.

  Thus admonished, Jimmy told the
story of the “movies” as he knew it;
told of stern-faced, indomitable heroes,
of bewitching, on-the-level heroines, of
scheming villains Avho invariably ended
in .disgrace, of strange cities and peo-
ple, of Western mining camps, of life
upon the borders of the mysterious des-
ert sea. As she listened, the girl found
herself interested in spite of herself—
interested not only in Jimmy’s story, but
in the boy himself—in his sparkling
gray eyes, his tousled red hair, the eager
admiration that seemed to cover him
as a garment.

  “That’s fine, Jimmy!” she said finally,
with a smile. “Another day I must hear
more. Only, if I were you, I shouldn’t
talk about it in the office.”

  As before said, Jimmy Lannigan had
never heard of immovable bodies or ir-
resistible forces, yet at her words there
came into his mind a dim conception of
the world-old problem at which the gen-
tlemen in strait-jackets are toiling.
“Talk about it in the office?” he re-
peated. “Not on your life, Miss Vir-
ginia.”

  This was the beginning of a long se-

ries of talks between Jimmy and his
employer’s daughter, which caused
Jimmy to feel as if he was walking on
air. And the girl herself was curiously
pleased at the boy’s delight. When one
is the very essence of sunshine—the
warm, beneficent sunshine—why not
pass some of it along? Not that the
girl ever thought of herself in terms as
complimentary as these; she merely
happened to be one of those people
whose great delight it is to make life
pleasant for others. Which, after all,
is not a bad sort of disposition to have.

  It was Virginia Dawson’s habit to call
for her father each afternoon promptly
at four, and beguile him with a spin in
her motor. Jimmy Lannigan, watchful
of the hour, was always on hand to open
the door of the high-powered machine,
and to receive a smile of thanks and a
cheery word about the movies before
she passed into the elevator. Which,
considering the atmosphere of her fa-
ther’s office, was manna to the boy’s
hungry soul. And then, quite of a sud-
den—that is to say, with the advent of
Count de Ramillies—Jimmy’s pleasure
came to an abrupt end. For the count,
who had an ardent impetuosity of tem-
perament entirely un-American, gener-
ally contrived to be loitering by the
curbstone each afternoon at four, when
Miss Dawson arrived; which makes it
needless to add that Jimmy was no
longer permitted to open the door of
the machine.

  Jimmy’s attitude toward the new
scheme of things was not enthusiastic.
His admiration for the count was by no
means boundless; indeed he disliked
him as heartily and generously as a boy
always dislikes the man who dares raise
presumptuous eyes to his youthful god-
dess. Nor was this the only reason.
There was another which Jimmy could
not have put into words if he had tried.
Perhaps, the easiest way to phrase it is
to say that the count, in Jimmy’s opin-
ion, quite failed to look the part. Tall,
A MOTION-cplCTUtRB HB<RO

17 7

well dressed, distinguished looking—
the boy granted he was all these. But
there should have been a frank, open
look in his eyes instead of a furtive one.
And he should not have sworn at a
newsboy for making an error in chang-
ing a dime; above all, he should never
have grown impatient while waiting at
street corners for Miss Dawson!

  And it was a fact that he grew impa-
tient, that he walked restlessly to and
fro if she wTere the least bit later than
usual in appearing—all of which Jimmy
considered rather out of place, even
though their wedding had been an-
nounced for the early fall. Jimmy’s
idea of the proper method of proce-
dure in such a case—as exemplified by
his moving-picture heroes—consisted of
calm, dignified waiting until the fair one
arrived, and then, in one or two speech-
less looks of devotion which, he had
nQticed, invariably did the business. The
Count de Ramillies, by not conforming
to the code'of the movies, lost all pres-
tige with Jimmy; except, of course, such
prestige as the boy grudgingly ad-
mitted would be due him as “Miss Vir-
ginia’s” husband.

  It was on a Friday morning, at ten-
thirty-three, to be exact, and on the
morning of Miss Virginia’s wedding
day, to be more exact still, that the
question of the irresistible force and the
immovable body unexpectedly became
a practical one for Jimmy Lannigan.
“Jimmy,” said Theophilus Dawson, on
the fateful morning above mentioned,
“run over to Ziggins & Heiter with
this cut-glass tumbler. Tell them I
sent you. They will know what to do.”

  Jimmy took the glass in hand. “Yes,
sir,” said he promptly.

  The great philanthropist swung about
in his swivel chair. “By the way,
Jimmy,” he said kindly, “you might like
to look at the design. It is really a fine
piece of work, and a boy of your age
ought to be taking an interest in ar-
tistic things.”

< 12A

  “Yes, sir,” said Jimmy, and fell to
examining it.

  Theophilus Dawson watched him be-
nevolently. He belonged to that large
class who are always willing to give
their fellow creatures pleasure pro-
vided it costs nothing. “Never saw any-
thing like that, I suppose, Jimmy?”

  The boy’s face kindled with admira-
tion, as he turned the tumbler in his
hand. “It is very fine,” he said, “but
not so fine as the one they made for
the president lately.”

  Theophilus Dawson grew grave. He
was not quite sure that the president
had a right to receive a piece of cut
glass finer than his own. “Did you see
the one made for the president,
Jimmy ?”

  “Yes, sir,” cried Jimmy Lannigan

eagerly; “'I saw it in the moving-”

He paused sharply while his employer
held up an accusing finger.

  “Speak out, boy!” was the sharp
command. “Moving what?”

  Jimmy Lannigan looked helplessly
about him. The ceiling was whirling
around in a fantasy of pale blue and
white; the Persian rug on the parquet
floor had grown enormously larger than
usual and was stretching out long, slen-
der arms to the surbase, while tables
and chairs seemed to be dancing a
devil’s dance on nothing.

  “Moving what?” repeated his em-
ployer sharply.

  Jimmy Lannigan gasped for breath,
and on the instant the ceiling stopped
its whirling, the Persian rug shrank to
normal size, the tables and chairs ceased
their gyrations, as he turned to face his
employer’s accusing eye. Never in
Jimmy’s experience had he seen the
equal of that fixed, compelling, blue
eye. To the boy’s gaze it loomed al-
most as large as the headlight of an en-
gine. He took one fleeting glance, then
swung back his shoulders, as he had
seen Maurice Costello, Crane Wilbur,
178

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Anderson, and the rest do in times of
danger.

  "I saw it In the moving pictures,
sir.”

   There was a long silence as Theoph-
ilus Dawson gazed at his guilty office
boy. The great man was shocked to the
innermost fiber of his being. And 11
you consider the circumstances, 'you
can’t altogether blame him. There he
was, devoting his life to combating
something which he considered a great
public evil; and here was his office boy

•	openly avowing his addiction to the
hated amusement. And this in spite of
the hundreds of times he had heard the
whole wretched business denounced in
this very office! Manifestly an exam-
ple would have to be made.

   ‘'Jimmy,” said his employer sorrow-
fully, “come here.”

   Regarding the events of the next ten
minutes this chronicle is silent. The-
ophilus Dawson spoke at length; husk-
ily, because he liked the boy, but very
firmly. Then Jimmy Lannigan tucked
his week’s salary into his pocket and
walked out into the clear October sun-
shine. He no longer had a position;
but, on the other hand, he possessed a
very clear idea of the problem which
puzzles the gentlemen in strait-jackets.
He knew exactly what happens when an
irresistible force meets an immovable
body.

   On the curb he paused irresolutely.
He had forgotten that he still had his
office key. Never mind! He would
give it to the stenographer when she
came out. There was a small park
across the street—one of the frag-
mentary bits of green that dot the des-
ert of New York—where he often used
to eat his midday sandwich. Now from
sheer habit he crossed the street and
sat down on one of the benches.

   But to sit on a park bench when one
is a cog in the great workaday machine
of life and to sit there as an idler are
two different things, as Jimmy pres-

  ently found out. The minutes passed
while he sat brooding, his eyes fixed on
the door of the office building through
which he had just passed. It was very
lonely; so lonely that when Mr. Daw-
son’s touring car drew up at the curb
Jimmy watched it with a hungry look.
And when Theophilus Dawson, tall,
slender, aristocratic, had taken his place
and the machine had purred on its way,
the boy felt a distinct sinking sensation,
as though parting with something very
precious—which would have surprised
Theophilus Dawson immensely. Then
the fair-haired stenographer—who with
Jimmy had constituted the philanthro-
pist’s modest office force—appeared
upon the sidewalk.

  Jimmy approached her sorrowfully.
“Finished, Miss Roberts?”

  She gave him a kindly smile. - “Just
finished his speech for to-night,” she ex-
plained. “The wedding speech, I mean.
Why, it was fierce! He changed it
twenty times. And if the guests are
alive when he finishes reading it”—
Miss Roberts raised her neatly gloved
hands in air—“well, all I can say is I’m
sorry.”

  “1 hope it’s a happy wedding,” said
Jimmy moodily. “Somehow I don’t like
those counts.”

  “Neither does your Aunt Eliza,” said
Miss Roberts firmly. “An American
for me, even if he is a dishwasher!”
She nodded her dainty little head,
swung northward on the avenue, and
was lost in the crowrd before Jimmy
had time to remember that he still held
the key of the office in his pocket.

  With a doleful smile that was al-
most a grimace, the boy strolled back
to his bench only to be confronted by
Miss Dawson’s pictured semblance in a
newspaper a passer-by had flung there.
His face lit up with pleasure as he
noted the heading: “Young Couple Get-
ting License Yesterday;” then he spread
the paper open so that the picture of
the Count de Ramillies showed beside
A MOTION-ePlCTU<RE HE<RO

179

that of the bride elect. After which
Jimmy Lannigan whistled softly and
grew pale.

  It is one thing, the initiated will tell
you, to see a man upon the street, and
quite another to view him with the ruth-
less eye of the camera. The difference
in the present case was so great that
Jimmy Lannigan turned momentarily
dizzy. How had he failed to notice it
before, he asked himself savagely,
when he had seen the man dozens of
times?

  He turned on his heel, with a wild
resolution to make his way to the Penn-
sylvania Station and take a Long Island
train to the Dawson home. He had his
week’s salary in his pocket, so that the
sinews of war were already provided
for. He paused a minute. What was
the Dawsons’ station? Jimmy frowned
at the question. It was strange that he
had never heard it. Garden City? Or
Oyster Bay? Well, what difference?
He had a tongue in his mouth, and any
conductor on the Long Island Railroad
would know Theophilus Dawson. And,
shaking his head with decision, he
stepped upon the sidewalk only to be
confronted with a miracle.

  For the Count de Ramillies was
walking down the street, frock-coated,
gardeniaed, debonair. Behind him came
a servant with a suit case, and for the
first time the boy noticed that traffic had
come to a halt, and that other passen-
gers were pouring out of stalled auto-
mobiles intent on making the Pennsyl-
vania Station on foot.

  There is one admirable trait common
to heroes of motion pictures. Given
the most trying problem in the world,
and they never delay in its solution
more than a couple of seconds! I have
often timed them in situations that
would have puzzled the keenest intel-
lect, but never have I observed any of
them hesitate any longer than it takes
the operator to turn the crank of the
machine. Jimmy Lannigan, steeped in

the atmosphere of the movies, hesitated
no longer than one of his own heroes.

  In an instant he was standing before
Count de Ramillies, his brain on fire
with a stupendous thought.

  “Message from Mr. Dawson, sir!”
he said sharply.

  The tall, frock-coated figure paused
impressively. His heavy-lidded, dark
eyes examined the speaker with a scru-
tiny that was startling in its keenness.
“Ah ! The office boy of Monsieur Daw-
son, is it not?”

  “Sure, Mike!” replied Jimmy Lanni-
gan, with reckless disregard for truth.
“The boss left something for you in the
office. Was sending me over to the rail-
road to get you.”

  “A package? A letter?” asked the
Frenchman hurriedly. “What could he
leave for me?”

  “A package,” answered Jimmy un~
blushingly. “It was a surprise he
wanted you to have before you went
down to the country. Said he couldn’t
give it to you down there. Too many
rubbernecks around.”

  “Well, hurry up and get it!” was the
impatient rejoinder. “I can’t wait here
long.”

  Jimmy’s eyes were quite guileless as
he gazed up at the eager, almost wolfish
face above him.

  “That package has gotta be signed
for, mister. That ain’t no bunch of
Christmas presents from the Five-and-
Ten-Cent Store. No, sir. The boss
went down to the bank himself to get it.
Believe me, it’s some package.”

  The count’s dark eyes dilated with
pleasurable emotion, and the hand that
stroked his short, dark mustache ac-
tually trembled. He made a sign to
the man who was carrying his suit case.
“Wait here until I come,” he said curlly.
And to Jimmy he added: “All right.
Hurry up!”

  A minute later they stood before a
door the glass upper half of which bore
180

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the magic letters, “Theophilus Dawson.
Private.”

  Jimmy unlocked the door with the
key he had forgotten to return earlier
in the day, and the two entered the de-
serted office. There were two rooms
opening into each other, both looking
upon the street. In the second of these
wras the mahogany roll-top desk which
belonged to the great philanthropist, and
beside it a small, flat table, also ma-
hogany. The count pushed into the
room, his eyes flashing with impatience.
“I see nothing,” he cried, with a ring
of disappointment; "where did you say
it was?”

  But Jimmy Lannigan had had too
much experience of the movies not to
be dramatic. His right hand slipped
gingerly into the drawer of the flat
table, emerging with a revolver, which
he leveled at the Frenchman’s chest.
"Put up yer hands!” came his cheerful
invitation.

  The Count de Ramillies gazed blankly
at the end of the very businesslike re-
volver, then he shrugged his shoulders.
"Are you crazy?” he askecThoarsely.

  “Put up yer hands!” was the savage
answer. "Now—or I’m going to shoot.”

  For an instant the man hesitated;
then a look at the boy’s set face and
flashing eyes convinced him of the folly
of delay. Slowly, reluctantly, he held
up his hands.

  “You will pay for this!” he cried fu-
riously. "Where is the package?”

  “Isn’t any,” was the tranquil reply.

  The very absurdity of the situation
calmed the victim. "So you brought
me here for a joke, boy?” he said
slowly. "Don’t you understand I am
the Count de Ramillies ? And that I’m
going to marry your employer’s daugh-
ter this evening?”

  "Wrong three times,” affirmed Jimmy
Lannigan. "I lost my job, so I have
no employer. Get that? Then if I
have no boss, how can my boss’ daugh-
ter get married ? Silly question number

two. Then, as to being a count-

Jimmy laughed scornfully. "Say, I saw
yer picture in the paper, and I knowed
ye. Yer no real count. Yer a play-
acting count—the fellow that used to
play the imitation French count in the
Unigraph Films.”

  The face of the Count de Ramillies
had grown a beautifully' livid green.
His eyes darted fire. “You lie, you las-
cal!” he cried sharply. "Canaille!”
Jimmy Lannigan smiled a calmly su-
perior smile. "You can get me, mister,
on that French talk, maybe; but when
it comes to the movies—huh !—you’re
not putting nothing over on your uncle.
Not if he know's it. I seen you dozens
of times in the Unigraph Films; and
say, maybe yer didn’t give me a pain;
ye bum actor!”

  "It’s a lie!” shrieked the actor furi-
ously. “I tell you, it’s a lie!”

  "Oh, no, it isn’t,” said Jimmy, more
calmly still. "I seen yer picture in the
paper, I tell ye, and I know. That put
me hep to ye, quick’s a flash.” He threw
back his shoulders with a gesture that
he had often witnessed in the hero of
the movies. "I’m wise to ye, old boy.
Wise! D’ye see?”

  Manifestly the man did, for he grew
suddenly silent, staring at boy and re-
volver in an odd, impersonal way, as
though he were engaged in the solu-
tion of a difficult problem.

  "You’ve got me,” he said finally; "got
me dead to rights. It was clever of you,
I admit it.” He smiled ingratiatingly.
“But look here! I’ve no quarrel with
you, and you have none with me. Sup-
pose you let me go. Well! I’ll marry
Miss Dawson, won’t I ? And I’ll give
you twenty dollars a week for the rest
of your life. How about that?”

  "Twenty plunks a week!” Jimmy’s
voice was hushed with awe. _ “Gee!
Twenty bucks!” he repeated, his eyes
round with amazement. "That sure is
going some for me!”

  The man in the frock coat made a
A MOTION-PICTURE HE<RO

181

step forward. “Then you’ll take it?”
he asked anxiously.

  “Take it?” exclaimed his captor.
“Not in a million years! But it sure
makes a feller throw a chest!”

  The very gardenia in the adventurer’s
coat seemed to wilt at the rebuff. His
shoulders drooped. “Then what on
earth do you intend to do, boy?” said
he wearily.

  “Keep you here until it’s too late for
the ceremony,” said Jimmy politely.
“After that”—he shook his head sol-
emnly—“we’ll see!”

  So saying, the boy backed toward the
door, locked it with one hand while he
covered his captive with the other; put
the key in his pocket, and motioned to-
ward a chair.

  “Sit down, Frenchy!” he advised
kindly. “You’ll get tired out standing,
and the day is young.”

  If black looks could kill a healthy
office boy, Jimmy Lannigan’s days
would surely have been numbered. But,
as a mere matter of fact, he was quite
oblivious of his captive’s scowling face;
for the telephone bell was' ringing,
shrilly and insistently^ which rather
complicated matters.

  To ignore the call was, of course, the
safest thing to do. Yet suppose—just
suppose—it were Miss Dawson herself ?
She might think her father still in the
office. <And in that case—Jimmy hesi-
tated no longer. The revolver in his
right hand covering his captive, he
caught the receiver in his left. “Hello \"
he called.

  That it was not Miss Dawson Jimmy
knew at once; who it really was he
never found out. For at that precise
instant the hand, which was holding the
revolver, accidentally collided with the
telephone instrument; there was a clat-
ter, and the revolver fell harmlessly be-
hind the roll-top desk, quite out of
reach of both occupants of the room.

  Jimmy’s face was a study as he put
up the receiver and faced his adver-

sary—no longer a cringing coward, but
a man who seemed suddenly to loom
immense in the narrow office. “Now,
you guttersnipe!” he heard a far-off
voice say savagely, and he dimly rea-
lized that the big mass of the man was
hurling itself toward him. “Give me'
the key!”

  For an instant Jimmy’s heart gave an
exultant bound. He had the key! And
until he lost it, Miss Dawson was safe!
With a side step a champion boxer
would have envied, he slipped by his
bulky antagonist and ran to the far end
of the office. With a surprisingly quick
turn, the actor followed; there was an
instant’s dodging; then he had Jimmy
by the arm.

  “That key!” he cried angrily. “That
key!”

  Sometimes the hero of the motion pic-
ture is in dire straits, his hopes blasted,
the villain confronting him in triumph.
On such occasions does he whimper ?
Or yield? Not perceptibly, Jimmy re-
called. In fact, a perfectly hopeless
situation generally acts as a spur upon
the hero’s inventive powers. With this
thought in mind, Jimmy promptly drove
his head into his opponent’s stomach,
while with his right foot he kicked him
squarely on the shins.

  “You rascal!” cried the real rascal,
flinging the boy upon the floor and
clutching him by the throat. “Give me
that key!”

  It may be doubted if any motion-pic-
ture hero was ever in a worse predica-
ment than that of Jimmy Lannigan.
The man’s weight was so great that at
times the boy felt sure his chest must
break; his throat was caught in an iron
grip, that showed him the folly of fur-
ther resistance; and yet, where a wiser
man would give up, the office boy fought
on, raining ineffectual blows upon the
actor’s face, squirming, struggling, kick-
ing, without the smallest thought of
yielding. Once, twice, the man loosened
his grasp to reach for the key, only to
182

THE (P0<PUL/1CR MAGAZINE

find himself attacked with such savage
fury that he speedily realized that be-
fore anything else could be done the
boy must be beaten into submission. In
the next few minutes Jimmy Lannigan
seemed to himself to live several life-
times. He was dimly conscious that an
overpowering force was slowly master-
ing him, yet regardless of terrible pun-
ishment—he fought on. Then, with-
out warning, the door clicked open and
Theophilus Dawson stood upon the
threshold!

  “Count de Ramillies!” he cried aghast.
He took a step forward and his aston-
ished gaze fell upon his discharged of-
fice boy, now a rather gruesome spec-
tacle. “And Jimmy Lannigan!” He
turned to his intended son-in-law. “I
came back because I forgot my wedding
speech, and to find you in this condi-
tion--” He paused abruptly, as

Count de Ramillies scrambled to his
feet.

  The count’s silk hat was gone, the
wreck of it fronting him from the Per-
sian rug. Gone, too, was the gardenia
and with it a section of his coat collar,
while from his split lips a tiny red
stream trickled down his chin. All in
all, he presented a very different appear-
ance from that of the debonair gentle-
man whom Jimmy had stopped upon the
avenue.

  “The boy locked me in,” he said furi-
ously. “And I was trying to get the key
from him.”

  “Yes?” said Theophilus Dawson in-
credulously. He looked at the battered
wreck that had once been Jimmy Lan-
nigan, now scrambling to his feet. “You
shouldn’t have hurt the boy,” he com-
mented gravely.

  Jimmy Lannigan with difficulty
opened one eye. When the motion-pic-
ture hero finishes his fight there is al-
ways a girl to gaze admiringly at him.
This was a part of the program poor
Jimmy missed. “Oh, he didn’t hurt

me!” he cried, through swollen lips.
“I wasn’t going to let him go down to
marry Miss Virginia because he ain’t no
real count. He’s the feller that used
to play the count’s part in the Unigraph
Films. His name is Peter Kistler.” He
laid a hand on Theophilus Dawson’s
arm. “Look at him!” he asked thickly.

  But there wras no need of further
proof. With a face livid with baffled
passion the exposed adventurer was
slipping out of the room. Mr. Dawson
watched him silently, his own face very
grave, until the door banged behind him.

  “You’ve seen him in the—the—mo-
tion pictures?” he stammered.

  “Dozens of times,” was the prompt
answer.

  “H’m!” said Theophilus Dawson.
“And how did you come to find him
here ?”

  He listened to the boy’s explanation
very quietly. “And when he was beat-
ing you—poor boy, I’ll have a doctor
look after you ’—didn’t you want to
give in ?”

  Jimmy Lannigan laughed as heartily
as his battered lips would allow. “Give
in? Quit?” he asked. “Say, did you
ever see a moving-picture show ?”

  “Bless me, no!”

  “The hero in them never quits,” ex-
plained the boy. “Never!”

  “Oh, he doesn’t!” cried the great
enemy of the films thoughtfully. “So
you learned that from the pictures!”
He wralked slowly up and down the of-
fice, his face working strangely. Pres-
ently he paused and laid a friendly hand
on the boy’s arm. “Next week, Jimmy,
after you get looking like a human being
again, you are coming back here,” he
said kindly. “Your salary will be dou-
bled. And some afternoon you are
going-”

  He swallowed hard. “Yes?” asked
the boy breathlessly.

  “You are going to take me to the
moving pictures,” said Theophilus Daw-
son grimly.
Master of the Moose Horn

By Theodore Goodridge Roberts
Author of “In Dog Seal Bay," ''''The Missionary,” Etc.

     Aside from A. M. Chisholm we know of few authors who can tell a
 story of the Northern woods with more charm than Theodore Goodridge
 Roberts. In the ‘‘Master of the Moose Horn” he has a novel that will
 enthrall you. It has the quality of interest that holds the attention at its
 / highest pitch. A tale of loggers and trappers, of red men and white, of
 love and hate, of disaster and triumph.

(In Two Paris—Part One.)

CHAPTER I.

IN WHICH SNOW FALLS ON GRAMERCY
PARK AND ON THE MOOSE HORN
COUNTRY.

SNOW was falling in New York
City, floating and twirling down
silently in large, soft flakes as fiat
as feathers. The high, iron fence
of Gramercy Park was already pointed
and outlined in white. Trees and shrubs
and garden benches were spotlessly
hooded and cloaked. The dauntless
sparrows were gone to roost in the mar-
tin houses. Windows of homes, the
high windows of painters’ studios, and
the wide entrances of clubs glowed
warmly through the falling veils of
the snow. The still air was mild; and
yet it was pleasant to be able to con-
template one of those glowing porticos
with the knowledge of the right to enter
unchallenged.

  Snow was falling in the Tobique
country, in the Northern woods—fall-
ing swiftly, relentlessly, in small, crisp
flakes. The new ice on Moose Horn
Branch was already covered by a white
quilt seven inches thick. The sky was

 black, for all its spinning of white. No
 wind moved. The falling and striking
 of those millions of frost feathers whis-
 pered upon the silence. Now and again
 some incumbered spruce or fir let slip a
 weight of snOw from a bowed limb with
 a sound as light and vague and hollow
 as the drumming of a cock partridge.
 The darkness was like midnight, but the
 evening was young.

   From a square window in a log wall,
 - a smudge of yellow light struck feebly'
 into the twirling veils of the snow.
 Within the cabin, John Hollis lay in his
 bunk, silent, motionless, ashen gray of
 face. The doctor had come up to him
 for a few hours three days before, all
 the way from Plaster Bluff; and for
 three days and nights his daughter had
 nursed him with unfaltering vigilance
 and tenderness. But the fight was fin-
 ished. He was unconscious now, and
 had been so for hours.

    Marjorie, the daughter, crouched on
 the floor in front of the hearth, grief-
 stricken and sick with want of sleep.
 She, too, had given up the fight. A
 long, gasping sigh aroused her from her
 stupor of misery and fatigue. She
 sprang to her feet and darted to the
184

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

bunk. Her father’s eyes were open
now—and blank as the windows of an
empty house. The bitter spirit of the
man ha<J passed.

   Marjorie sank to her knees beside the
bunk and gave herself to tears. She
made no effort toward self-control. She
had battled so long against grief-and
weariness and fear—and now fortitude
and vigilance counted for nothing. Tor-
tured nerves and muscles relaxed be-
neath the weight of her despair. Even
her dauntless spirit fainted now. From
tears she passed unconsciously into a
deep sleep of utter weariness and
misery.

   The fire of dry maple fell to glowing
coals on its bed of gray ashes. The
cheap clock on the chimneypiece ticked
the drifting seconds away, heedless and
unfaltering. The dead man stiffened
beneath his blankets; and still he stared
up at the brown roof of poles with
wide, blank eyes. The snow climbed
against the little panes of the window.
A wood mouse appeared, fan across the
floor, and vanished. The battered lan-
tern on the tabic beneath the window
continued to burn steadily and to throw'
its blunted rays against the spinning
white curtains outside.

  Something soft struck against the
door and fumbled blindly there for a
moment.

  In the wilderness one learns to
waken swiftly from any sleep save that
of death. Marjorie Hollis turned her
face toward the door on the instant of
the lifting of the wooden latch. Ter-
ror took her, pinching her at heart and
throat and striking her face as white as
paper. Who visited this isolated house
of death at this hour of this night of
blinding storm?

  The door opened slowly. A squat,
muffled figure entered, crusted with
snow, and closed the door with a dull
thud.

   “Peter? Is it you?” cried the girl.

  “Yes,” replied the visitor, removing

his fur cap and beating it against his
body and legs until the dry snow flew
in clouds. “Come darn’ long ways—
from Ben Stickney’s place. Mighty bad
night for travelin’. How yer pa feel
to-night ?”

  “He—is dead,” whispered Marjorie,
in a stifled voice.

  Peter Paul crossed the room noise-
lessly and gazed down at the dead man
in the bunk. His own face was as ex-
pressionless as the face of the dead.

  “That right,” he said calmly. “John
Hollis, he don’t trap no more fur on
Moose Horn. Too bad. Too darn’
bad! What you do now, hey ?”

  Marjorie shook her head in answer
and covered her face with her hands.
The elderly Malisefct stooped swiftly
and closed the dead man’s eyes. Then
he patted the girl’s twitching shoulders.

  “Come long ways for you to-night,”
he said. “You come back with me now.
Little Tom Stickney, he mighty sick an’
need medicine darn’ bad.”

  She turned a stricken face up to him;
but beauty and youth shone there like
pale ghosts, in spite of tear stains and
the finger marks of grief and fatigue.

  “Is Tommy ill? What is it?” she
asked.

  “Almighty sick. All choke’ up,” re-
plied the Maliseet.

  “But how can I go—to-night ?”

  “You come with me an’ bring medi-
cine. Yer pa don’t care. He don’t need
you any more; but little Tom Stickney,
he need you darn’ bad !”

  Marjorie packed her very consider-
able collection of medicines in a leather
knapsack, then retired to the inner
room of the shack and dressed for the
ten-mile tramp up the Moose Horn to
Stickney’s cabin. Her brain felt like
feathers, her eyes ,and limbs like lead,
and her heart was numb; but she saw
the way of her duty, and accepted it.
She was far too tired to think.

  Upon returning to the main room,
she found the fire burning, and Peter
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HO^N

185

Paul awaiting her with a pot of steam-
ing tea. She drank thirstily, emptying
the big cup twice. Peter finished the
pot, then asked if John had left any to-
bacco around handy. She pointed to a
battered tin box on the chimneyshelf.
The Maiiseet opened the box and
helped himself to three cakes of to-
bacco. From one he shaved a few
slices and filled his pipe.

  “John don’t need it any more,” he re-
marked. “He don’t mind old Peter to
take it. John wasn’t never stingy with
his tobac, anyhow.”

  They covered the fire with ashes, ex-
tinguished the lantern, and left the
cabin and its dead. They fastened the
door on the outside with chain and
padlock. Snow was still falling. They
bound their snowshoes to their mocca-
sined feet. Then Peter led the way
down the bank and up the river’s level
floor, through a blanketing darkness
that was flecked blindingly with white
close against the eyes.

  Marjorie followed close in the old
Maliseet’s tracks. The dear, familiar
scent of her father’s tobacco drifted
back to her. They walked in silence.
The only sound in the world was the
vast, faint, encompassing whisper of the
multitudinous flakes of snow alighting
upon the wilderness. Gradually the.
young woman’s brain and blood awoke
to the cold stinging of the snow on her
face and the keen air in her lungs.

  They reached Ben Stickney’s cabin
after three and a half hours of steady
tramping. Stickney sprang forward at
the opening of the door and dragged
the girl inside.

 “Thank God!” he exclaimed. “I
knew ye’d come!”

  He brushed the snoW from her with
his bare hands, removed her short
blanket coat, knelt and loosed the snow-
shoes from her feet.

  “Marjorie darn’ tired!” said Peter.
“Me, too. Get some rum. Get some
tea.”

  Marjorie swayed dizzily with fatigue.
Ben Stickney supported her with eager
arms; but she freed herself swiftly and
gently, and swayed into the embrace of
old Peter Paul,

  “That a’ right,” said the Maiiseet.
“Now you fetch some rum darn’
quick!”

  Marjorie swallowed a sip or two of
brandy and recovered herself in a mo-
ment. She threw aside her fur gloves
and cap and went to the sick child, who
lay flushed and moaning in his boxlike
crib. He was in a high fever, and de-.
lirious. His breath wheezed in his ten-
der, laboring chest. His small face was
flushed; his bright lips and little, bal-
sam-stained hands were hot and dry.

  Marjorie asked a few brief questions
of the father, then set to work. She
administered a_ dose of some sort of
quinine preparation, then rubbed throat
and breast with hot camphorated oil.
She set Stickney and Peter to the task
of cutting out and sewing a little jacket
of old, soft blanket. When the jacket
was finished she warmed it at the fire
and placed it on the child. He opened
his eyes and closed them. They were
wonderfully blue and attractive eyes;
but now they were unnaturally bright
on the surface, strangely dull in their
depths.

  Marjorie had worked steadily for an
hour since her arrival. For a few min-
utes she continued to stand beside the
little cot, watching and listening. It
seemed to her that the child’s moans
were less frequent now, and that his
breathing was becoming easier. She
knelt, then sank lower, with her fore-
head against the rough-hewn side of the
cot. The sleep of utter exhaustion
flooded over her like a warm, black
tide.

  Ben Stickney lifted Marjorie ten-
derly and laid her in his own bunk.
Peter turned the coarse pillow beneath
her unconscious head, and spread a
blanket lightly over her. Then both
186

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

men turned again to the boy’s cot. They
stooped over it, listening. Ben’s tanned
face was lined sharply, and his gray
eyes were dull with fear and anxiety.

  “Will he make it?” he whispered.
“Will he pull through? I—I ain’t got
the courage to lose him! I guess. I’d
go clean off my head if he was to die.”
“Guess he make it, a’ right,” replied
Peter. “Marjorie one darn’ good doc-
tor. He get his breath easier now, what
you think? Yes.”

  They sat down on rough stools, still
with their unwinking eyes on the boy’s
cot.

  “How’s John Hollis gettin’ on?”
asked Stickney.

  “Dead,” said Peter. “Die to-night,
little while before me an’ the girl start
for here. He was dead when I git to
the shack—an’ she mighty nigh dead,
too, so darn’ sorry an’ tired.”

  “Lord!” murmured the other softly.
“An’ yet she come right along!”

  Marjorie awoke an hour later, and
again worked over the sick child. The
applications of warm oil in time began
to relieve the laboring chest and the
medicine cooled the fever a little. The
old Maliseet closed his round eyes and
slumbered with his back against the
wall, Ben nodded and slept by snatches
where he sat on a three-legged stool of
his own construction. But Marjorie did
not relinquish her vigil again until five
o’clock in the morning. Then she slept
beside the cot.

  The little boy ceased to moan and
toss. From delirium he drifted into
slumber. The father slept, too,
crouched on the stool with his elbows
on his knees and his face between his
hands. Sleep held them all. Peter
grunted., dreaming of a long journey
through new-fallen snow. The fire
failed and^ fell in the deep nitch of the
chimney. The tallow candle on the
table burned to an end and expired
smokily. The black square of the east-

ern window changed to blue, lightened
from blue to gray, warmed from gray
to red. The sun was over the frozen
edge of the world, striking his first hot
glances through the black stems of the
forest.

  Little Tom Stickney sighed and
opened his eyes. Some of the surface
brightness had gone from them, and
their depths were clear and calm. He
saw Marjorie’s hands on the edge of
his cot, something of her white brow
and the coils of dark, soft hair. For a
little while he continued to gaze at these
things in silent wonder and delight. At
last he raised a hand and touched the
girl’s fingers; they stirred at the touch,
turned slowly, and closed upon the lit-
tle hand. She lifted her face and
opened her eyes.

 “Oh, Tommy, do you know me
now?” she whispered.

  “Always know you,” whispered the
child.

  In New York City, the snow ceased
to fall at midnight. By that time it lay
deep and white over all the thousands
of acres of roofs and hundreds of
miles of hard pavements. An army of
midnight workers arose and commenced
the gigantic task of clearing roofs and
streets.

  Mr. William Morgan Bayford en-
tered Gramercy Park from the west
just as the snow ceased to fall and the
clocks struck twelve. He walked, for
he had been forced to abandon his taxi
half a dozen blocks away. The snow
had set thousands of others afoot that
night. But Bayford did not grumble at
having to walk in the snow. He
scarcely noticed the cold, clinging stuff
through which he waded. His mind
was engaged in contemplation of a far
more serious inconvenience than this.
To call the subject that occupied his
thoughts to the exclusion of cold feet
an inconvenience is to put it mildly. To
tell the truth, he was in a tighter fix,
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

187

a more deplorable situation, than he
had ever before experienced in all the
twenty-seven years of his merry and
amiable life.

  He turned before two big lights in
wrought-iron baskets and stepped down
into the glowing entrance of his fa-
vorite club. To one boy he gave up hat,
overcoat, and stick, while two others
brushed the snow from his legs. He
sighed as he pocketed his coat check and
nodded to a friend who greeted him
from the top of the short flight of
steps. But he did not go up. Instead,
he went down another short flight and
around to the bar. A hot Scotch made
him feel warmer but not happier. He
went upstairs, looking for solitude. It
seemed to him that he had never be-
fore seen the club so full of happy and
prosperous men. Not an actor of them
all, nor a poet, nor a novelist, nor an
artist^ nor a war correspondent, nor
even a patron of any art looked as if he
had ever known care. He found soli-
tude at last in a little, dim-lit reading
room. He sat down at a table in a win-
dow and clasped his head between his
hands. So he sat for a long time, mo-
tionless, trying to think.

  Bayford was disturbed by a light
footfall beside his chair and a light
hand on his shoulder. He dropped his
hands, raised his head sharply, and, for
several seconds, stared stupidly into the
pink-and-white face of Mr. Charles
Wayland.

  “The devil!” exclaimed Wayland.
“Are you ill?”

  Boyford laughed and pulled himself
together.

  “I must have been asleep,” he said.
“I was nodding, anyway.”

  “You look hipped, my son. Have
you been losing sleep lately?”

  “If sleep were all!”

  “You’ve been at it again?”

  “Yes—for the last time.”

  “I’ve heard that before, Bill. You

said it in September, when they took
thirty-six thousand away from you.
Take a fresh hold of yourself, you
idiot! If you knew just ten times as
much about the game as you do you’d
know enough to leave it alone.”

  “I’ve had my last flutter. Lost my
wings entirely, absolutely, this time, and
so have nothing more to flutter with.
In short, I’m cleaned out. Word of
honor.”

  “Cleaned out? Not you, Bill. Wake
up and turn over. A steam' shovel
couldn’t clean you out.”

  “I have a very considerable ward-
robe, some pictures, some books, some
chairs, tables, and curtains.”

  “I’ll take you home, Bill. You’ll
soon wake up.”

  “Come, by all means! I’ll give you
a chance to buy some of your own pic-
tures at your prices of four years ago.”
Bayford lived just across the little
park from the club. Within ten min-
utes of reaching home he had convinced
his friend of the amazing and discon-
certing fact that his last hundred thou-
sand dollars, even his last hundred
cents, had passed from his possession.
Though convinced of the fact, Way-
land could not grasp the idea.

  “In six years,” he murmured. “It
couldn’t be done. I thought you were
made of it.”

  “What am I to do?” asked Bayford.
“Suggest something. I’ll sell all this
stuff, of course; but what then?”

  “I thought you were made of it,”
murmured the painter feebly.

  “You need something to clear your
wits,” said Bayford. “Can you reach
that bell without getting up? Thanks.”
Each consumed a Scotch and soda
and a long cigar without arriving at a
solution of the problem of Bayford’s
future.

  “A fool and his money,” said the
painter. “But a man who rids himself
of two millions in six years without a
188

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

scandal, marriage, or divorce, must
have ability. How did you do it?”

   “1 took it down to the market place,
 in small lumps of fifty or one hundred
 thousand, and tried to increase it. I
 have heard that money begets money;
 but I had no luck as a breeder.”

   A servant entered with a telegram.
Bay ford tore it open and shot a glance
at top and bottom of the message.

  “Saved!” he cried, dropping the
'tinted paper to the floor.and grasping
his friend’s hand. “It is a cable from
London, from my Aunt Jane’s law-
yers. Aunt Jane salted her two mil-
lions away and went to live in England
twenty years ago.”

  "Good! And what has she done
now ?”

   “Died, poor old soul; and I had no
idea she was ill.”

   “And left her whole fortune to you?”
 “Most of it, I should think. It’s a
 long message, and I didn’t read the par-
 ticulars. If she has left me only half
 a million it will be enough—and she
 wouldn't have the face to leave me
 less.”

   Mr. Wayland picked up the tinted pa-
 per and narrowed his keen gaze upon
 it. He scrutinized it in silence for sev-
 eral seconds.

  “What- is the province of New
Brunswick?” he asked.

   “A part of Canada,” replied Bay-
ford.

  “And what is the Moose Horn
Branch?”

   “Never heard of it. What about it?
“That is what she has left you in her
will.”

   “The province of New Brunswick?”
“Not quite. Six thousand acres of
, timberland on the Moose Horn Branch
of the Tobique River.”

   “We’il go fishing, Charlie. And how
 much money ?”	^

   “Not a dollar. Read it for yourself.
 It seems clear to me.”

CHAPTER II.

IN WHICH MARJORIE HOLLIS IS VISITED
BY AN UNPLEASANT STRANGER.

  Ben Stickney farmed in the summer
and trapped fur in the winter. He had
lost his wife three years ago, and im-
mediately after her death he had tried
another way of life for a few months.
He had gone out to Plaster Blufif with
the year-old baby; but with the first
thaw of March he had returned to the
log house on the Moose Horn, with his
son and many tins and bottles of in-
fant’s food on the sled at his heels.
Since then he had devoted himself to
his new-land fields, the trapping, and his
child.

  Marjorie Hollis and old Peter Paul
remained at Stickney’s place for two
days, until Tommy was out of danger.
Then they went downriver. Peter dug
a hole in the snow, dug a grave in the
frozen earth, and buried John Hollis.

  “John sleep good now,” he said, and
went away to his hut on Snowshoe
Brook, leaving the girl alone with her
grief.

  Marjorie did not sleep that night.
She sat beside the hearth through the
crawling, empty hours, and fed the fire.
Her father had been the dearest thing
in life to her during the five long years
that she had lived in the woods. She
had not been blind to his weaknesses;
but he had been her friend, her com-
rade, her protector. She had never
loved her mother; but she had always
loved her whimsical, gentle, ruined fa-
ther. She had chosen between the two,
and had never regretted her choice.
And now he- was dead! Now she was
alone on the Moose Horn, with no
other home in all the world and no
friends except Peter Paul and Ben
Stickney and little Tom. She nursed
her grief that night, holding it close to
her heart, the better to know it. But
she was not afraid. She did not fear
the empty bunk, the shadows beyond
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

189

the play of the firelight, or the finger-
ing of the frost on the roof.

  Peter Paul proved a friend in need.
He went the round of her trap line for
her and helped her skin the few mink
and foxes taken and stretch the pelts.
And he gave her advice. He advised
her to remain in the woods for the
balance of the winter, at least. She had
a snug cabin, traps, provisions enough
to last until spring, and six hundred
dollars in cash which her father had
left her. Peter promised to help her in
her work and to look after her as if
she were his own daughter. She
thought the old man’s advice good. She
felt no desire to go back to the world.

  Marjorie had been out since sunrise
in the empty, frost-stilled forest, and
the east was as gray as ashes and the
west as red as a fallen fire when she
got back to her cabin. She lit the lan-
tern and was frying bacon for her sup-
per when a sound at the door caused
her to straighten her back and turn
sharply. The door opened slowly, with
a thin outcry of frosty hinges. A
bulky, misshapen figure appeared on
the threshold—a tall, stooped shape,
that seemed to sway and totter as it
peered into the room. The girl's heart
leaped and chilled in her side. She
could not move. The swaying thing
tottered forward and fell flat. A big
pack, done up in a waterproof blanket,
rolled over on the iloor.

  The girl’s blood raced warm again.
She had seen such packs before. Her
visitor was human, after all—a lumber-
camp peddler. He was not a large
man. His pack, carried high on his
shoulders, had given him height and
that terrible bulkiness. She turned him
over and looked into a thin, bewhis-
kered, swarthy face. She got brandy
and poured some of it between his gray
lips. He opened his eyes—eyes as
black and cold as new ice on a deep
river.

  “Lost,” he whispered. “Three days.
More brandy.”

  She gave him more brandy, then a
mug of hot tea. She made him a bowl
or oatmeal gruel, which he drank
greedily. He sat up and looked about
him. His glance dwelt curiously on
the long shelf of books against the far-
ther wall and on the silver cigarette
box and candlesticks on the mantle-
piece. He suggested opening his pack
and doing some business; but Marjorie
would not hear of it.

  “Where is the mister?” he asked.

  “He is—out,” said Marjorie.

  The peddler smiled slyly.

  “You live all alone, is it?” he said.
“I guess so, lady.”

  “I live here with my father,” she re-
torted. “And now I think you had bet-
ter be moving along, before he comes
home. Follow the trail five miles up
the river, and Peter Paul will house you
for the night.”

  The peddler chuckled unpleasantly.

  “What your father doin’ out so late?”
he asked.

  Then Marjorie lost her temper. She
sprang to the door and opened it. She
lifted the peddler’s pack and threw it
out. He rushed after his pack, scream-
ing strange oaths; and she slammed the
door and bolted it. She hastily fastened
down the sashes of the little windows
and covered them with blankets.

  He pounded on the door until Mar-
jorie threatened to open it and shoot
him. At that, he ceased his kicking and
thumping. Again she cried to him to
go five miles upriver to Peter Paul’s.
She received no answer. She filled the
magazine of her rifle. Her indigna-
tion continued to simmer for an hour,
and then a chill of apprehension took
possession of her. She began to fear
that rat of a man. She thought of his
sly, black, heartless eyes and the fear
grew. She did not retire to her bunk
until dawn.

  It was late when Marjorie awoke,
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

and the incident of the peddler was the
first thing that flashed into her mind.
She felt angry and uneasy. The wil-
derness which she trusted and loved
had produced a thing at once repulsive
and menacing. She remained in and
near the cabin all day, looking out anx-
iously for Peter Paul. But Peter did
not come.

  The next night passed uneventfully;
but the morning did not bring the old
Maliseet or entirely restore her cour-
age. Toward noon she saw Ben Stick-
ney top the bank and approach across
the clearing. She felt a glow of relief.
Here was a friend, and a man whom
she understood. She was about to tell
him of the visit of the peddler, when
she suddenly thought of his child. She
asked if he had left Peter at home with
Tommy.

  “Nope. Peter ain’t at my place,” he
answered.

  “Then who is? Who is taking care
of Tommy?” she asked.

  The woodsman hesitated for a mo-
ment. He shuffled his feet uneasily and
his glance wandered.

 “He won’t come to no harm,” he
said. “He’s gettin’ along fine an' will
be up an’ out ag’in in a few days. I’ve
come to see how ye’re makin’ it.”

  “Do you mean to say that you have
left the baby alone—alone in that cabin
ten miles from anywhere?” she asked.

  Stickney’s tanned face flushed darkly.

 “Maybe I do; anyhow, I reckon I
know how to look after my own
youngster,” he said.

 “You don’t, or you wouldn’t be
here !” she retorted angrily. “Have you
no imagination, no heart? He may be
crying for you now, and in need of
you—and here you are, ten miles away
from him, three hours away from
him!”

  “He’s all right, I tell ye,” answered
the man sullenly. “But that ain’t what
1 come here for. This livin’ alone in
the woods ain’t a decent life for a girl

like yerself. Ye must be terrible lone-
some. Will ye marry me, Marjorie?’'
Her eyes flamed, and the lines of her
young face hardened.

  “Please don’t worry about my lone-
liness,” she said, her voice low and cut-
ting like a lash. “Think about your
baby. He is lonely. He needs you—
and I don’t. He wants you—and I
don’t. Go home to him.”

  “You ain’t got no call to talk to me
like that!” he cried savagely. Then he
turned and strode away.

  Marjorie stood for a full minute, mo-
tionless, staring unblinkingly into the
fire.

  “The dull fool!” she exclaimed sud-
denly. “He does not deserve to own
the child. And I suppose he thinks that
he loves me—that love for me made
him forget and neglect his duty to the
baby. Love! The dull beast! And
3^et he believes himself to be a man—
like my father!”

  She sank upon her knees, hid her
face in her hands, and sobbed rend-
ingly. What particular emotion, or
what combination of emotions, inspired
her tears, I’m at a loss to say.

  Peter Paul arrived at Marjorie’s
cabin some time about mid-afternoon;
but he looked a changed Peter. His
legs wabbled from ankle to hip, his eye-
lids were red and puffy, and his eyes
were dull.

  “Peter, what is it?” she cried, in dis-
may. “Poor Peter, have you been ill ?”
“That’s a’ right,” said the old Mali-
seet wearily. “Come to see you.
Couldn’t come yestiday. Too much
rum. Lemme lay down.”

  “You have been drinking again,
Peter; and I thought you had grown
too old and wise for that,” she said ac-
cusingly.

  The Maliseet lowered himself to the
floor and leaned his back against the
wall. He sighed heavily.

  “Never too old to be one darn’ fool,”
he said.
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HO<RN

191

  “Where did you get the rum, or
whatever it was?”

  '“Gin. Square-face. Peddler sell ’im
to me. He stop at my place two, three
days. Forgit how long. He sell me
plenty rum an’ two tin watches. No
good. Start ’im off this mornin’ for
Sampson’s camp, on Red Brook.”

  “He was here,” said Marjorie. “He
is a detestable person.”

  Peter nodded heavily. His eyes
closed slowly.

  “And Ben Stickney was here to-
day,” continued the girl.

  Peter’s eyes opened swiftly.

  “What he come for?” he asked.

  “To do me the honor of asking me
to become his wife,” she replied scorn-
fully.

  “That no good for you. You don’t
want to go marry Ben Stickney.”

  “I am beginning to hate and fear the
woods and this cabin and the Moose
Horn—since the peddler and Ben Stick-
ney visited me. Stickney had no right
to come here and speak to me as he
did. He would not have ventured to
do it if father had been here. I think
I shall go away, after all.”

  Peter had nodded again; but at that
his round eyes snapped open, and he
sat bolt upright.

  “Go ’way?” he cried. “Where you
go to? You got no place to go to.”

  “I can go anywhere in the world,”
she replied. “Why not? Why should
I remain on the Moose Horn, now that
it has been spoiled for me by that ped-
dler and Ben Stickney. I have six
hundred dollars and some good pelts,
and I can find work of some sort in a
city.”

 “You stay right here on Moose
Horn,” exclaimed Peter. “You safe
here, with me for to take care of you.
You got one darn’ good friend on this
river, anyhow—me, Peter Paul. You
go to a city, you git that six hundred
dollar thiefed from you in ten min-
utes. John, he never want you to go

work in no city. What you work at,
anyhow?”

  “But I’m afraid of that peddler,” said
the girl. “I know he will try to do me
an injury. And I don’t want to see
Ben Stickney again. I shall start for
Plaster Bluff in a few days, and from
there out into the world.”

  Peter grunted, and fell asleep. The
fumes of his recent potations enthralled
him. He slept on Marjorie’s floor all
night, for she had not the hardness of
heart to waken him and send him away.

  By morning, Peter was steady
enough in the legs but very dull of
spirit. He would not eat any break-
fast, but drank a couple of mugs of tea.
Then he volunteered to go out and at-
tend to Marjorie’s traps. She refused
the offer, kindly but firmly. She told
him that, with the poison of the gin
still in his blood, he was not fit for a
hard day’s work.

  “But if you can spare the time, you
will oblige me greatly by keeping house
for me while I go the round of my
traps,” she said.

  “A’ right,” he answered, in a muffled
and injured voice. “You think you
darn’ sight better trapper nor me. A’
right. Peter Paul stop at home an’
play old squaw, an’ keep the kittle
b’ilin’.”

  Left to himself, Peter nosed about
the cabin, prying into everything with
the innocent curiosity of a child. He
withdrew and opened several books
from the long shelf,; discovered a box
of very dry cigars and promptly lit
one of them; examined all the pelts
on the walls and the floor, and at last
happened upon some loose poles in the
flooring. He lifted the poles, and dis-
covered a black dispatch box. It was
locked, and he had no key; but he shook
it about close to his ear, heard the
crinkle of paper and the clink of heavy
coins, and decided that it contained the
six hundred dollars.

  “Wish the devil would bewitch it
192

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

clean away,” he mumbled. “Then she
wouldn’t go ’way from Moose Horn
to them darn’ cities.”

  He replaced the box in its earthy
bed, replaced the poles above it, and
the caribou skin above the poles. Then
he lay down near the fire and slept.
The poison of the gin was still in his
blood. He slept soundly and did not
awake until Marjorie’s return late in
the afternoon. He felt much better by
that time, helped the girl stretch a
couple of new fox skins, ate a bite of
supper with her, and then departed for
his cabin on Snowshoe Brook.

  Marjorie barred her door and cur-
tained her windows. For an hour she
sat before the fire, planning her deser-
tion of the woods and trying to guess
the future. She felt at once excited
and sad at the prospect of returning to
the great world. She planned the short
journey to Plaster Bluff and counted
her marketable pelts. Mr. Sam Mc-
Nair, the storekeeper at the mill,
would give her a fair price for her
skins. Then she decided to count her
money again, and crossed the room to
get it. She kicked the caribou skin
aside and lifted the loose flooring. The
box was not there!

  For a few seconds, Marjorie stared
at the empty hole in the earth with
blank eyes and a blank mind. She re-
covered quickly. She felt anger rather
than dismay. It was a serious loss, of
course; but no loss of dollars could
daunt her now. It did not spell star-
vation or any other desperate thing; but
it meant that she would not be able to
leave the Moose Horn country before
spring. That was her first thought;
and her second thought was that old
Peter Paul had taken the box. Anger
toward Peter glowed in her like a hot
coal. It was well for him that he had
gone away immediaely after supper.
But not for a moment did she accuse
him of being a thief. No, he was sim-
ply a silly old busybody—and that was

bad enough. He had not taken the
money for himself, and he would surely
return it to her some day; he had sim-
ply taken it so as to keep her on the
Moose Horn.

  Without waiting to replace the poles
of the floor, Marjorie pulled on her
overstockings and moccasins, her
blanket coat and mittens, and set out
for Snowshoe Brook with the intention
hot in her to tell old Peter what she
thought of his methods of persuasion,
and to recover her money immediately.
She would let him know that she was
her own mistress. All fear of the ped-
dler had gone from her. She did not
give him a thought. The excitement
of her anger against poor Peter had
driven every other trouble and doubt
from her mind for the time. The
night was bitterly cold and the stars
were bright. The track between her
cabin and the mouth of Snowshoe
Brook was well beaten, and she made
good time on it. She reached Pe:. ji 's
lowly door and straightway fell to ham-
mering upon it with her mittened fists.

  “Who there? What you want?” in-
quired the voice of the old Maliseet
from the other side of the door.

  “It is I—Marjorie Hollis,” replied
the girl.

  The door was opened on the instant.
She stepped inside quickly, purpose-
fully. Peter closed the door and lit
his smoky lantern. He was quite pre-
sentable, for it was his custom to sleep
in most of his clothes. He lifted the
lantern high and scanned her face with
round, anxious eyes.

  “What the trouble?” he asked.
“House afire?”

  “You can’t fool me, Peter,” she re-
torted sharply, “though I admit that
you are a clever actor. I’ve come to
tell you what I think of you.”

  He sighed and set the lantern on a
bench against the wall.

  “Why don’t you tell me to-day ?
Gimme hell now, I suppose, for gittin’
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

193

drunk. That ain’t good sense. You
have plenty chance this mornin’.”
“Don’t waste your time trying to pull
the wool over my eyes. I am here for
my money—and to tell you that you
have no right to interfere with my plans
■—even if you are my friend. Give me
my money!”

  Peter raised the lantern again and
again scrutinized her flushed face. She
returned him glance for glance; but his
dark eyes did not waver. He set the
lantern down again.

  “You talkin’ ’bout yer six hundred
dollar?” he asked.

 “Yes. What have you done with
it?”

  “I don’t do nothin’ with ’im. You
keep ^im in one black box, hey?”

  “Yes; but if you are so ignorant
about it, how do you know that I keep
it in a bla:k box?”

  “That a’ right. Look ’round cabin
to~day an’ see that box under the floor.
Look at ’im an’ put ’im back. Don’t
take nothin’—nothin’ but one cigar.
Tell you the truth, Marjorie. You
think I rob you ?”

  “I think that you have hidden the
money so that I can’t go away.”

  “I think of that, too; but don’t do
it. Put ’im back. Then go to sleep.
Maybe dig ’im up ag’in in my sleep an’
hide ’im. Dunno.”

  “Are you telling me the truth,
Peter?”

  “Yes. Never tell no lies to you. You
better believe me, or maybe you git me
darn’ mad.”

  “I am sorry, Peter. But if you didn’t
take it, who did? It isn’t there now—
and you were in the cabin all day.”
“Maybe I hide ’im in my sleep.”

  “Are you serious ?”

  “You bet! Peter Paul don’t make
no joke on six hundred dollar.”

  Late as it was, the two returned to
Marjorie’s cabin. They hunted high
and low, indoors and out, for the black
dispatch box; but they didn’t find it.

Cj3A

  “Perhaps some one came in and took
it while you were asleep ?” suggested
the girl.

  “Maybe,” agreed Peter.

  “That peddler! Perhaps he did not
go over to Red Brook at all.”

  “Maybe. We hunt his track to-mor-
row, anyhow.”

CHAPTER III.

IN WHICH BAYFORD UNDERTAKES TO
HIDE HIS DIMINISHED HEAD IN
THE WOODS.

  Mr. William Morgan Bayford re-
mained in New York after the night of
the prodigious fall of snow only long
enough to receive written particulars
from his late aunt’s lawyers and to sell
his furniture, books, and pictures. He
felt thoroughly ashamed of himself.
Shame dominated all other emotions in
his breast after the first bewildering
and unnerving shock of his change of
fortune had passed. Pie swore Charlie
Wayland to secrecy. He called upon a
certain young woman who had engaged
much of his attentions during the past
six months, told her that he was a fool,
and proved it to her satisfaction, and
accepted his dismissal with a very good
grace. He was even thoughtful enough
to express his satisfaction at hearing
that she had never really loved him, for
if she had the situation would really
have been rather painful.

  Bayford’s lawyer, and his friend,
Wayland, sold his furniture, books, and
pictures for him; and while this was
going on he lay doggo in Wayland’s
rooms. In spite of his precautions, the
papers had scented enough of his story
for elaboration into half a page of
their Sunday editions. He was the
man who had gambled away two mil-
lions of dollars in six years, and yet
had never played the game with force
or intelligence enough to create so much
as a momentary ripple on the surface
of the financial river. He 'was the
194	,	THE <POcPULAcR MAGAZINE

gilded youth who had rounded off his
education at seats of learning in Eu-
rope, who had circumnavigated the
globe twice, who had passed as a patron
of the arts and sciences—and who was
unable to earn his own living.

  One possessor of the pen of a ready
writer reversed the actual figures of
his disgrace and stated that he had
squandered six millions of dollars in
two years. Another suggested that he
become an art critic. He read the pa-
pers, and wondered how and when he
had made so many enemies. To his
knowledge, he had never wished or
done any harm to any one in the wide
world. He became a trifle bitter—but
none the less ashamed of himself for
that. So he lay low in Way land’s
rooms, ashamed to enter his clubs,
ashamed to appear on the streets,
ashamed to attend to the selling of his
own treasures in his own house. He
was the fool who could spend money
but who could not earn bread.

  Wayland did very well with the sale;
but by the time Bayford had settled
a score of little accounts about town,
he had only twenty-six hundred dollars
left.

  Bayford started for the north and
the Moose Horn country immediately
after the sale, feeling that twenty-six
hundred dollars would last him longer
in the woods than anywhere else. Also,
he felt some curiosity concerning his
six thousand acres of wilderness.

  At Plaster Bluff he outfitted and ob-
tained guides. His guides were Archie
Douglas, an old woodsman, and Joe
Creamer, a young one. They dragged
the outfit on two toboggans. The first
ten miles of their way led along a
beaten road over which many loads of
provisions had been hauled to a big
lumber camp owned by one Nixon. At
the end of the ten miles this road swung
sharply to the right, and Bayford and
his party had to take to the river.

  Bayford was sound and in fair con-

dition, but he had never done much
snowshoeing. He soon began to feel
a weariness in muscles that had never
before been weary. His snowshoes
felt heavy, then heavier and heavier.
But he set his jaws and continued to
plod onward along the level, white sur-
face of the river. He kept it up for
three hours, then fell without a word
or a groan. The muscles of his legs
were cramped so that he could not rise.
The woodsmen lifted him to one of the
toboggans and dragged him ashore. Joe
Creamer made camp and Archie rubbed
Bayford’s legs with warm bear’s grease.

  “You got sand, mister,” he said.
“You’ll be able to step out as looise as
ashes to-morrow.”

' They breakfasted at dawn and
reached the mouth of the Moose Horn
long before noon. The distance from
the mouth to Bayford’s lower line was
sixteen or seventeen miles by river; but
Archie said that three miles or more
could be cut off by taking to the woods.
So they took to the woods, with the
old man in the lead. A keen wind was
blowing and the dry snow was drift-
ing in clouds; but in the shelter of the
woods they escaped much of the sting-
ing drift. But the “going” was heavier
than on the river, and their progress
was slow. After covering about five
miles, exhaustion halted them in a
place of upright and wind-felled tim-
ber. Some fierce gale of long ago had
uprooted great pines and cast them
crisscross upon the forest floor.

  “This is about the worst mess of
windfall I ever see,” said Archie.
“Reckon I’d best take a cruise around
an’ find a way out.”

  He returned to the others in half an
hour.

  “I found two things,” he said calmly.
"A way out an’ a dead man.”

  “A dead man?” cried Bayford.
  “Dead as Bill Lundy’s sow.”

  “Give ’im' a name,” said Joe Creamer.
  “It ain’t nobody that matters. Abe
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

195

Liveen, the peddler. There ain’t no
marks on him. Got lost, an’ froze to
death, I cal’late. He’d dropped his
pack about two hundered yards from
where he laid. Ain’t nothin’ much gone
from the pack but what he sold to the
boys at the mill—but he had a bunch of
money in his pocket countin’ way up
’round six hundered dollars.”

  “Let’s have a look at the money,” said
Creamer.

  Archie produced it—a wad of green-
backs and some gold tied up in a cor-
ner of a red handkerchief.

  “He’s sure robbed a camp,” said Joe.
“Maybe Nixon’s, or maybe Simpson’s,
over on Red Brook.”

  “Nixon an’ Simpson both pay with
checks,” said Archie. “But I cal’late
he’s robbed some one, sure enough.”
They got their toboggan clear of the
blow-downs, then went to take a look
at the dead peddler.

  “He’s froze all-fired stiff,” remarked
Archie, in grave and contemplative
tones. “I never seen a man froze so
darn’ stiff before.”

  “We must bury the unfortunate fel-
low,” said Bayford, shivering.

  “He ain’t worth it, mister,” returned
Archie. “It would take us a hull day
for to cut out a real grave for him—
an’ dull our axes into the bargain. He
ain’t worth it—nor no other thievin’
peddler. What good would it do him,
anyhow? We’ll jist h’ist him up into
the top of that there young birch, so’s
the foxes won’t git him.”

  That is what they did, and it did not
take them long to accomplish it; and at
the foot of the young birch tree they
placed the bulky pack of worthless
watches, rings, watch chains, pins, and
mouth organs. Then they returned to
their toboggans and continued their
journey. It was some time before Bay-
ford could clear his mind of the pic-
ture of the frozen peddler fastened up
in the tree with the rope from his own
discarded pack.

  After a couple of hours of hard haul-
ing, Archie called a halt.

  “We can’t make Hollis’ place before
sundown, an’ not then, without strainin’
ourselves, so we may’s well camp right
here,” he said.

  They were all asleep by eight o’clock,
with the heat and glow of the log fire
beating into their lean-to shelter.

CHAPTER IV.

IN WHICH MARJORIE RECOVERS HER
MONEY BUT NOT HER PEACE OF
MIND.

  They had not beenN asleep more than
fifteen minutes when Bayford awoke
with a violent start from a dream of
the frozen peddler. He sat up sharply
in his blankets, with the chill of the
dream creeping on his scalp. He saw
a squat human figure standing between
the fire and the front of the tent, not
more than seven feet away from him,
and black as a bear or a peddler against
the yellow glow.

  For a moment his sleep-drugged
brain was unable to distinguish between
sleeping and waking, between the dream
and the reality, and it seemed to him
that the frozen Liveen had actually de-
scended from the tree and followed
stiffly into camp. He did not cry out,
for his tongue had suddenly gone as
dry in his mouth as a slice of fried
bacon; but he clutched Archie Doug-
las’ shoulder with one hand and Joe
Creamer’s with the other. The old
woodsman and the young came up in
their blankets as if he had touched a
spring in each—and, at the same mo-
ment, the squat figure spoke.

  “Good night,” it said. “See yer fire
an’ come along an’ warm out the frost
a little. Almighty cold!”

  The minds of the three men in the
tent must have been haunted by the
same thought, for Joe ducked his head
beneath his blankets and old Archie
cried out, in a rusty and fear-shaken
196

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

voice: “Who are you? An’ what d’
you want now?”

  “That you, Archie Douglas ?” queried
the visitor calmly.

  A sigh of relief escaped Archie’s dry
throat.

  “Sure thing,” he replied. “Is that
you, Peter Paul ?”

  “Me, a’ right. Give you one darn’
good scare, what ? You think the devil
make a visit on you, what ? Guess I
come in. Where you headin’ for?”
“Make yerself to home, Peter. Glad
to see it’s yerself—an’ that’s no lie.
Here’s a blanket. Have some baccy.
This gent from New York, name of
Bayford, owns some land up -here-
abouts on Moose Horn, and figgers
on livin’ in the woods. Me an’ Joe is
bringin’ him in.”

  “This country darn’ good place to
live in,” said Peter, staring very hard
at Bayford.

  “What itch has got hold of you,
Peter, to set you trapsin’ round the
woods this time of night?” asked Ar-
chie. “Lookin’ for, somethin’?”

  “You bet! Lookin’ for one darn’
thievin’ peddler. You see him, what?”
“What d'ye want him for? An’
what’s his name ?”

  “Dunno his name. He come in here
an’ sell me rum, one day, an’ two bum
watches. Stop with me one night an’
one day. Watches stop, too'. Maybe
forget to wind ’em up. Charge one dol-
lar first bottle, five dollar nex’ bottle,
ten dollar nex’ bottle. Git ’im jes’ the
same, only stronger, for seventy cents
down to Plaster Bluff. Then that ped-
dler go ’way. I go to Marjorie Hol-
lis’ place pretty soon an’ she tell me
how she kick that peddler out one night.
Then she ax me to keep house an’ she
go ’tend the traps. Feel darn’ sleepy,
an’ go to sleep. Sleep all day. Go
home after supper. Don’t be home long
when that girl come kickin’ on the door
an’ yellin’ how I better give her back
her six hundered dollar. I dori’t take

no six hundered dollar offen that girl
—but think maybe take ’im in me sleep.
Think maybe that peddler come back
an’ take ’im when I keep house for her.
Some one take ’im in me sleep, any-
how. Hunt all night. Hunt all day.
Hunt three, four day. Go over to
Simpson’s camp, on Red Brook, but he
ain’t bin there. Marjorie quit huntin’
—but not me. You don’t see no ped-
dler, what?”

  “Sure we see him,” returned Archie
Douglas. “See him to-day—dead as
dried apples. Froze to death, he was.
An’ I got the six hundred dollars right
now, inside me shirt.”

  “Good!” exclaimed Peter Paul.
“That darn’ good talk. Guess we best
sleep some now. Ginifne one more
blanket.”

  “Hold on a minute,” said Archie.
“You’ve talked a lot about the girl an’
yerself, but not a word about her paw.
What was John Hollis doin’ all the
time? He wasn’t settin’ ’round at home
smokin’ his cigareets—not if I know
John Hollis.”

  “John’s quit smokin’ cigareets,” re-
plied Peter sleepily. “John’s dead.”
The four made an early start next
morning, with Peter leading the way,
and broke into the little clearing around
Marjorie’s cabin before the sun was a
man’s height above the spruce tops.
They found the girl at home, washing
her few breakfast dishes. Archie and
Joe had seen her before. Archie clasped
her hand heartily, and yet with a subtle
suggestion of tender sympathy.

  “I’m danged sorry to hear as yer
father is gone,” he said.

  Young Joe took her hand awkwardly
and waggled it about for several sec-
onds in silence.

  But William Morgan Bayford had
never set eyes on her before and had
not expected to set eyes on anything
like her in the Moose Horn country.
He pulled his fur cap from his head
with both hands, leaving his hair stand-
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HO<RN

19 7

ing wildly on end, and gazed at her with
unveiled astonishment. • Why had no
one warned him of the fact that this
was a highly civilized and favored quar-
ter of the globe? Why hadn't Peter
Paul given him the tip to shave? He
felt that he looked like a fool in the
shapeless garments which McNair had
sold to him.

  The girl met his eyes, and blushed at
the sight of his astonishment and con-
fusion. She extended her hand, and
smiled.

  “I’m Marjorie Hollis/’ she said.

  “My name is Bayford—William Bay-
ford/’ he stammered, dropping his cap
and several pairs of mittens to the
floor.

  He seized her hand and waggled it
about as awkwardly as young Joe
Creamer had waggled it. He tortured
his brains for some suitable and com-
monplace remark.

  “I didn’t expect to meet you here,”
he said.

  Then he dropped her hand, and re^
covered his cap and mittens.

  “You see her before?” queried Peter,
his bright glance fixed on the flushed
face of the New Yorker.

  “I’ve never had the pleasure of see-
ing Miss Hollis before,” answered Bay-
ford, with a fair show of composure.

  “You act an’ talk darn’ foolish,” said
the Maiiseet.

  Joe Creamer guffawed at that. Old
Archie drew the wad of bills and the
red hankerchief from somewhere deep
down in his breast.

  “Here’s the money that there ped-
dler stole offen you/’ he said.

  Bayford and his party refused Mar-
jorie’s invitation to remain to dinner.
They continued on their course upriver
for about three miles. There Peter
Paul, who had accompanied them,
called a halt.

  “Guess you somewheres on yer own
land now, Bayford,” he said, holding
Bayford’s map wide-spread between his

mittened hands. “Both sides of river,
what?” He raised his glance from the
map and regarded one shore, then the
other. “There one darn’ fine place fer
yer cabin,” he concluded.

  They pulled the toboggans to the edge
of the level stream and up the drifted
bank. They ascended through the slop-
ing grove of spruces and firs to the top
of the knoll which Peter had suggested
as a building site. Archie and Joe were
also of the opinion that it was a good
spot for a shack. It was close to the
river, yet well above its reach in time
of flood. A bubbling spring of sweet
water smoked at the base of the knoll,
in a cup of green moss rimmed with the
ice and snow that could not still nor
cover it.. On the roomy, flat top of the
knoll stood enough timber for a dozen
cabins. So they pitched the tent and
made a fire. They banked the back and
sides of the lean-to high with snow.

  Peter joined them at the midday meal
and at the afternoon’s chopping that
followed. He gave B’ayford instruc-
tion in the art of swinging an ax.
Many a big spruce fell and was de-
nuded of his sweeping branches before
the sun went down behind the west.
Peter took his departure immediately
after supper, with a cordial invitation
to come again.

  Three days passed before Marjorie
saw anything more of Peter Paul or of
Mr. Bayford and his men. She won-
dered what had brought Bayford into
the woods at this time of year. She
had liked his eyes and his voice—and
even his manners, which had improved
after the first few moments of aston-
ishment and confusion. She did not
make any further arrangements toward
her departure from the Moose Horn,
but decided to mark time for a week
or so. She had hidden her money in
a new place; and she had nothing to
fear now from the peddler; and she felt
a strong curiosity concerning the per-
sonality and affairs of William Morgan
198

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Bayford. Remembering her father, she
w#s of the opinion that the young
stranger had not come to the Moose
Horn, in the middle of December, by
accident.

  Peter Paul turned up at Marjorie’s
cabin on the morning of the fourth day
after the arrival of Bayford on the
river.

  “Bin watchin’ Bayford,” he said.
“Learnt ’im to chop. Help him build
his shack. What you think about ’im,
anyhow ?”

  “Do you mean about the young man
who was here a few days ago with Ar-
chie Douglas and Joe Creamer?” she
asked.

  The Maliseet permitted himself a
swift, faint smile.

  “You think him one pretty fine fel-
ler, hey?”

  “He seemed very bashful and awk-
ward ; but I have not thought of him
at all—except to wonder why he came
to the woods at such a time as this. Is
he a naturalist?”

  “He look mighty simple when you
first see ’im, an’ act mighty foolish—
but he ain’t no natural. Good feller,
Bayford. Like ’im darn fine. He come
from New York.”

  “And what is he doing on the Moose
Horn?”

  “Dunno. Nothin’. Own some land
—six thousand acre. Plenty timber on
that land, you bet. He don’t know
aothin’ about timber. You goin’ away
so darn’ quick now?”

  “I have not decided. Now that the
poor peddler is dead I am not afraid
that my cabin will be burned every time
I turn my back on it. Perhaps I’ll not
go out before spring.”

  “That a’ right. You think maybe
Bayford kill somebody?”

  “No. Why should I think that of
him? He does not look like a mur-
derer. What put that idea into your
head, Peter ?”

  “Dunno. Maybe he rob some money

out of a bank; or maybe he git married
an’ run away from his wife, like John
done.”

  Marjorie’s cheeks paled and a shadow
of suffering darkened her eyes; but she
smiled bravely at the old Maliseet.

  “He looked too young to be mar-
ried—too young to have run away from
his wife, at least,” she replied. “And
he looked far too honest and fearless
for a fugitive from justice. Why do
you think such dreadful things of him,
Peter—and, at the same time, say that
you think he is a good fellow? You
must be careful how you talk about
him.”

  “Don’t think nothin’—jes’ wonder-
in’,” said Peter. “Like ’im fine. He
ain’t so darn’ ignorant, like Stickney.
Bring ’im over to see you to-morrow,
maybe. Smart feller. Talk jes’ as good
as John used to, soon’s he git started
good. He ax me all about you; but I
don’t tell ’im much.”

  “Asked you about me ? What did he
ask about me ?”

  “First thing he ax, ‘How the devil
come one darn’ nice girl like that in
these here woods, a-livin’ in a shack?’
I tell ’im you bin livin’ here on Moose
Horn five year with yer pa, an’ yer pa
die little while back, an’ that how you
come to be a-livin’ here now. He study
on that five, ten minute. Then he say,
‘Her pa must hev bin one darn’ superior
kind of man.’ I say, ‘Yes, one fine
man, but one darn’ poor trapper.’ He
ax me what night John die, an’ I tell
’im. Then he say, ‘On that same night
I first see what a darn fool I am; and
on that same night, mighty late, I first
hear the name of Moose Horn.’ ”

  “Did he tell you what kind of a fool
he had so suddenly seen himself to
be ?” asked the girl.

  “He say darn fool.”

  “Please don’t talk about me any more
to Mr. Bayford—about me or my af-
fairs. It isn’t fair to me, Peter.”

  “That a’ right,” said Peter.
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

199

  He went home to his denlike hut. In
the morning he went the round of his
short line of traps. In the afternoon he
called on Bayford.

  “You come ’long with me an’ make
visit on Marjorie,” he said.

  “I didn’t come into the woods for
that sort of thing,” replied Bayford.

  “You run away, what? Maybe you
got a wife back on New York, hey?”

 “A wife! Bless my soul, no. I
wouldn’t be able to support her if I
had.”

  “You ain’t got no money?”

  “That’s about the size of it, Peter.
I had some, but I lost it.”

  Peter Paul went away, grumbling.
He went straight to Marjorie’s cabin
and found the girl at home. Her eyes
were bright when he first opened the
door; but the brightness slipped out of
them when he crossed the threshold
alone. He noticed, and understood.
The girl wore a lace collar that was
new to him, at her round, white throat.
Pity and anger moved hot and cold in
him. He knew that she had wanted
Bayford to come, that she was lonely
for folk of her own kind. And the
darned fool had refused to come!

  “Bayford say he can’t come an’ see
you to-day,” he said. “He mighty busy
workin’ on his cabin.”

CHAPTER V.

IN WHICH BAYFORD FEELS LONELINESS
    LIKE A SLOW FEVER, AND IS OF-
    FERED A TEMPTING PRICE FOR HIS
    LAND.

  As soon as the cabin was completed,
Bayford paid off Archie Douglas and
Joe Creamer and dismissed them. Left
alone, he devoted several days to chink-
ing the cracks in his walls with moss
and to struggling with his chimney,
which smoked prodigiously. Stone by
stone, he rebuilt the chimney from the
hearth to the pitch of the roof; and it
smoked more heartily than before. So

he gave it up, and sat around and
thought regretfully of his past.

  For. the first time in his life he was
breast to breast with loneliness. It put
an edge to his nerves and a restless-
ness in his brains and feet. From the
smoky interior of his new cabin he fled
to the empty forest, urged by some hope
or longing as potent yet as vague as a
summons in a dream; and from the
frozen forest he returned to the cabin
as if the devil trod upon his heels. Peter
Paul had not come near him since the
departure of Archie and Joe; so, after
five days of solitude, he set out to find
the old Maliseet, wondering if he had
offended him in any way.

  Bayford found Peter’s shack without
much difficulty, in spite of tha. fact that
it looked more like a snowdrift than a
human habitation; but the door was
fastened, and no smoke arose from the
squat chimney. He found the prints
of snowshoes leading away from the
door; and, as snow had fallen heavily
only twenty-four hours ago, he knew
that the trail was fairly fresh. So he
followed the trail into the woods.

  Within a few hundred yards of the
drifted shack the trail swung sharply.
Bayford gave no heed to its direction,
but followed it intently and at his best
pace,.,driven along by a sense of utter
loneliness that haunted him like a ghost
or a humiliating memory. He longed
to hear again a voice that was not of
the wind, of the sliding snow, or of the
frost-tortured trees. He longed to
smell again the smoke of tobacco that
was not of his own burning. He trav-
eled fast and far without overtaking
the old Maliseet on the trail. Suddenly
he parted a screen of underbrush and
stepped into a little clearing. He be-
held Marjorie’s cabin within twenty
yards of him, with smoke going up ,
cheerily from the chimney. He hesi-
tated for a moment, then crossed the
clearing and knocked on the cabin door.
It was opened to him by Peter.
200

THE V&PULAtR MAGAZINE

  “That you, Bayford?” said the Maii-
seet. “Darn’ good thing you come!
Marjorie cut her foot las’ night with
the ax.”

  “Is it serious?” asked Bayford, peer-
ing into the dim interior over the top
of Peter’s head, “Isn’t there something
I can do?”

  “Mighty bad cut. Maybe it git poi-
soned, what? You pretty good doc-
tor, what?”

  “No. I don’t know anything about
that sort of thing, worse luck!”

  “Darn’ pity you don’t learn something
aU the time you live. You got long legs,
anyhow. You go out to Plaster Bluff
an’ send in the doctor jes’ as darn’
quick as you know how.”

  “Right you are. I’ll travel for all
I’m worth.”

  “Wait one minute. Come in. You
got to take some grub, an’ extry pair of
snowshoes in case you bust somethin’.
Rig you out in one minute. Step in
an’ shut the door.”

  Bayford crossed the threshold bare-
headed, and closed the door behind him.
The small window and the fire lit the
place dimly. He saw the girl in her
bunk, covered with blankets to her chin.
Her eyes were open, and her white face
was turned to him. Her hair lay
against her cheeks in thick braids. He
approached the bunk diffidently.

  “I am sure there is no need of send-
ing you away out to Plaster Bluff,” she
said. “It is not bleeding now—and
Peter has bandaged it very nicely.”
“You must have a doctor, Miss Hol-
lis, really,” answered Bayford. “I’m
ashamed at not being one myself. But
I can get one. I can be of that much
use, I’m glad to say.”

  “You are very kind. It is a long
trip—a long trip to make for a
stranger.”

  “Pleease don’t mention it; and please
don’t speak like that, for we are neigh-
bors.”

  “You sling these snowshoes on yer
back an’ put this grub in yer pockets,”
said Peter Paul. “Drink this mug of
tea an’ quit talkin’. You got thirty-five
mile to go. Stick to the rivers—don’t
try takin’ no short cuts through the
woods. There ! Now you travel quick
as you darn’ well know how.”

  “Au revoir,” said the young man.

  “Au revoir,” returned the young
woman. “And thank you again—and
again. Don’t get lost.”

  “Put on yer cap an’ git out,” said
Peter.

  Bayford went straight over the crest
of drifts and down the sliding bank to
the surface of the river. Down the cen-
ter of that level way the winds had
brushed a clean track of hard-pressed
snow not more than ten or twelve inches
deep. As Bayford turned into this
wind-swept track he glanced at his
watch and saw that the time lacked two
hours of noon. He had been early
afoot, but he felt fresh and strong. He
broke into a jog trot, leaning well for-
ward.

  In the first hour he trotted more than
he walked, and judged that he had cov-
ered more than five miles. During the
second hour he did not trot quite so
much or walk quite so fast; but he had
caught his second wind by then, and
made as good speed in the third hour
as the second. He rested for a few
minutes, loosed and retied the thongs
of his snowshoes, sipped at a flask of
cold tea laced with brandy, which he
found in his pocket, and ate a little
bread and cold bacon.

  He started forward again at a mod-
erate pace, but as soon as the slight
stiffness had been worked out of his
knees and ankles, he broke into a trot.
When he issued onto the wider floor
of the larger stream he halted and
looked at his watch again. It was two
o’clock. He had done fifteen miles in
four hours, and lunched into the bar-
gain. Feeling that this was good, but
MASTER OF THE MOOSE HORN

201

not quite good enough, he continued his
journey at a somewhat forced pace.

  Twenty miles still to go! Bayford
jogged along steadily, with his eyes half
shut. His thoughts, which had been
roaming afar, now came homing to his
skull. They refused to deal with any-
thing but the task at his feet. The girl
fifteen miles behind and the doctor
twenty miies in front were vague as
characters in a half-forgotten story.

 He counted his steps. Miles are
made up of steps, after all. He trotted
for one hundred steps, then slowed to
a walk for fifty steps, then trotted
again. The idea came into his head
that it would be a fine thing to keep up
his jogging trot for two hundred paces
instead of one. The going was good,
and he did not feel tired—only a trifle
stuffy in the chest and a trifle stiff in
the thighs. So he did it—two hundred
paces, and ten more for good measure;
but when he tried to slow down to a
walk he fell flat on his face. He lay
still for a minute, feeling very tired all
of a sudden, then rolled over, got stiffly
to his feet, and readjusted the thongs
of his snowshoes.

  “I’m making great time,” he mut-
tered. “I’ll keep it up, and set a rec-
ord.”

  He continued his journey with un-
flagging courage, walking, running,
counting his paces and losing the
count, staggering to his knees now and
then, and now and then falling flat.
His falls became more and more fre-
quent, and his recoveries slower, as time
passed and the white miles were wound
up on his snowshoes. That was a pretty
idea of his own—the winding up of
the white* miles on his snowshoees. No
wonder they were growing heavy—
heavier and heavier with the gathering
in of each mile. He emptied the flask.

  Bayford looked up and beheld a big
heap, or “brow,” of new-cut logs on
the nearer bank. He sat down in his
tracks, rubbed the calves of his legs

with both hands, and regarded the logs
drowsily. He knew that the logs were
important, and that he should bring his
mind to bear upon them; but his mind
was in no mood to be disturbed. He
managed to arouse it at last, however.

  “Nixon’s camp,” he said. “Nixon’s
camp, for sure. How far into the camp,
I wonder? Must get into camp and
send a fresh man for the doctor.”

  He staggered to his feet and shaped
his course for the shore. He fell half
a dozen times while getting to the top
of the drifted bank beside the brow of
logs. He topped the drift at last and
came face to face with a man in a red
woolen cap and a green-and-brown
jumper.

  “All in,” he muttered, and pitched
into the well-beaten road with a clatter
of fouled snowshoes.

  He opened his eyes five minutes later
and saw that he was being carried by
the knees and the shoulders toward a
big camp in a big clearing. Though his
legs were numb, his brain was clear and
alert.

  “Hold on !” he yelled.

  The man who had him by the knees
turned a bewiskered, inquiring face
over a bulky shoulder; but neither he
nor the man behind paused in their la-
bored stride.

  “Miss Hollis, on Moose Horn, has
cut her foot,” said Bayford. “Will you
send a man out to Plaster BluflF for the
doctor immediately? I’ll pay him for
the trouble.”

  “Doc Wilkins is in the camp this very
minute,” returned the man who held
him beneath the shoulders. “He come
in last night to set Bruce McDonald’s
busted leg.”

  Nixon himself was in camp. He was
a big lumberman, big industrially as
well as physically. He carried on his
operations against the forests in half a
dozen widely separated localities. As
soon as he heard Bayford’s story, he
ordered one of his men to accompany
202

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

Doctor Wilkins upriver, another to mix
a hot Scotch for Bayford, and yet an-
other to help Bayford into a bunk and
to rub his legs with liniment.

  Bayford slept soundly after the mug-
ful of hot Scotch. He did not wake
until morning, for muscles and nerves
were drugged with fatigue. The big
room was lit by many lanterns when
he opened his eyes, and from the double
tiers of bunks along the walls the men
were issuing sluggishly and clothing
themselves for the day. These were
the choppers, swampers, team tenders,
and yard tenders. The teamsters had
been up and out to feed their horses
more than an hour before, and were
now smoking their pipes by the high
stove near the western end of the room.
The cook and his assistants were busy
at the wide, low stove near the other
end of the shack.

  The long table was already laid for
breakfast—set out with mugs and
plates, platters of hot biscuits, of hot
fried pork, of fish cakes, dishes of fried
potatoes, plates of doughnuts, cans of
butter, tin-topped pitchers of molasses,
slabs of gingerbread, plates of white
bread, huge pots of tea and coffee. Bay-
ford had never seen, had never even
suspected, such a breakfast. He
climbed from his borrowed blankets,
dressed, washed his face and hands in a
tin basin full of hot water supplied by
the cook, and then took his seat at the
table w’ith the others.

 Nixon hunted Bayford up after
breakfast, gave him a long cigar, asked
a few questions about his life on the

Moose Horn, then offered him twelve
thousand dollars for his land on that
river. Bayford smoked slowly and
thought hard. He shook his head.

  “Twenty thousand,” said the lumber-
man.

  Bayford looked through the window
at his elbow and considered the sum of
twenty thousand dollars. It was a con-
siderable sum of money; but what good
would it be to him if he went back to
his old life with it? And he thought of
his six thousand acres of forest—and of
Peter Paul—and of the girl whose need
of a doctor had sent him out yesterday.

  “I’m not selling,” he said.

  On his way home he decided that he
had done a wise thing in resisting the
temptation of Nixon’s offer; but, for
the life of him, he could not understand
how he had managed to resist it. He
was tired of life on the Moose Horn—
tired of sitting in his lonely shack and
pondering over his past foolishnesses.
He reached the Hollis clearing at five in
the evening, and learned from Peter
that the doctor had arrived safely, had
already dressed the cut foot twice, and
was of the opinion that it would heal
quickly and cleanly. He saw a young
woman with a blanket over her head at
the window of the cabin.

  “Who the mischief have you there ?”
he asked.

  “That Dolly Sacobie, daughter to my
daughter,” replied Peter. “She come
over height of land las’ night, to beg
grub off me, so I set her to nursin’ Mar-
jorie.”

TO BE CONCLUDED IN NEXT ISSUE.

We are planning to give you* in the next Issue, a sea story
of unusual merit, that will give you a startling picture of
the Ii2e oi the men who go down to the sea in ships. The
story is called "At the Moon Trail's End,” and is by William
Slavens McNutt. It is a book-length novel, and we will print
it complete In the POPULAR on the stands November 23rd.
The Engineers

By Alan Sullivan

'T'HE ways of the Lord be manifold, He has fashioned divers men

To fret the earth for a little space with labor, laughter, and tears,

To strut in the light till the world forgets and buries them deep—and then
The Lord He stiffened His good right arm and fashioned the Engineers.

Where the naked ribs of the liner curve, and the straining rivets whine,

Where the plunging crosshead spatters the oil in the incandescent's glare,

Where the clanging coal scoop swings in the gloom, and the blistering clinkers
      shine,

Behold him—cool as an iceberg’s foot—the Slave and the Master there.

When you come to the end of the old known land, to the far horizon’s rim,

  To the raw, crude plain where the uplands lift and the mountains clamber
     sheer,

The small, wise men of the ledger halt, and the call goes forth for him
Who laughs at the everlasting hills—the Master, the Engineer.

By lathe and chisel, by hammer and forge he is shaping the things that be,

He has harnessed the stream to his dynamo, he has said to the tides: ‘'Beware!”

He grubs in the echoing womb of the earth, and sits on the floor of the sea,

  And rides athwart of the thunderstorm in the hollow caves of air.

Smooth and silent and very sure, he fingers the locking switch,

Where the yellow copper is glutted with death as it gleams on the marble wall,

And he turns on his heel when the red lamps wink, to balance his power and pitch
Through the gloom of the throbbing canon streets the might of a waterfall.

He weighs the world and the eye of a fly, and he measures the light of a star,
And plays with a key at the end of a wire till the slumbering cities hear,

He whispers low and cradles his words on the curve of a waxen jar
  That the bottom end of the earth may list to the voice of the Engineer.

He has come to grips with eternal truth, and he dallies not with lies,

He has ravished his mind of its small conceits, and he knows not how to shirk;

For the Thing—the ultimate perfect Thing, is glimmering in his eyes,

And a voice, a small, reiterant voice, is whispering: “Will it work ?”

When we come in time to the end of the road, to the step of the Golden Gate
  We shall see a fellow in overalls, and he’ll probably stop and peer

To see how the Gate is built, and then, if we only watch and wait,

We shall notice him oiling the golden hinge—the beggar—the Engineer.
High Seas

By Wells Hastings
Author of <lThe Dancing Doll“The Patriots, ” Etc.

  The dancing master and his assistant unearth a dastardly plot on
  the high seas and provide a few surprises for two very famous
  gentlemen who exerted a powerful influence on American finance

WHEN at last, in the heat of
summer, we closed our New
York Salle de Danse and took
up our classes in the semi-
open pavilion, which Rene had leased
at Newport and christened “En Plein
Air,” we entered upon a quite different
daily routine. In New York we had
treated our patrons as our guests; with
the relaxed formality of summer our
patrons now treated us as theirs. We
began the season with our customary
decorum, but it occurred to some in-
genious spirit to have a morning class
in bathing suits on Bailey’s Beach, and
one cannot very well execute the Lulu
Farde in bare feet and be occasionally
upset with one’s partner by an unex-
pected seventh wave, and retain the stiff
formality which the stricter etiquette
dictates.

  Even in this circumscribed class, peo-
ple began to take on individuality, and,
somewhat to my surprise, I discovered
a few who were likable and fairly ra-
tional. Being, or believing yourself to
be, constantly in the eyes of the world
tends to smooth out superficial pecul-
iarities, but if a man raised nothing but
peacocks and studied them as closely
as the sluggard is advised to observe
the ant he would probably find that, al-
though his flock was largely common-
place, there were here and there nota-
bly sweet or notably villainous indi-
viduals.

  The two very famous gentlemen who
exert such a powerful influence on
American finance, and whom Rene
chose to dub “The Gold Bond Twins,”
we met here for the first time. There
was nothing angelic about Mr. Archer
—as I shall call him—but he was a
spirit of light compared to his power-
ful rival, Mr. Bemis—as I shall call him.
Both of them, as all the world knows,
are somewhat past middle age, and con-
duct their private affairs with a secrecy
as strict as their public life is elegantly
ostentatious. As a barefoot dancer
neither of them was a great success.

  We liked Herbert Archer, but it was
Julius Bemis who made much of us.
In all the brilliant affairs at “Valhalla,”
the spreading and turreted marble “cot-
tage” of Julius Bemis, Rene Shawn and
I were made the focal points of inter-
est, the evening’s stellar attraction. We
were Mr. Bemis’ guests at the Casino,
and, not infrequently, carried out by
his speed launch to a select little dinner
party on his ocean-going yacht the Vi-
king. We smoked his especially im-
ported Havanas, and drank his vintage
wines, and thoroughly detested the
man; the very sight of him jarred
Rene’s sesthetic sensibilities.

  “In the public prints he may be pass-
able enough, Frank,” he said, “in the
black and white of a flattering artist
he may get by, but that great bleached,
moon face of his has sickened me once
HIGH SEAS

205

and for all with the fancy that the
moon itself is made of green cheese. If
vampires walked in real life they
wouldn’t look like beautiful, sharp-
toothed young women, but the spit and
image of Julius Bemis. In a large way,
too, he is a vampire, for he is busy
every moment sucking the lifeblood of
the nation. In the smart-aleck Ameri-
can phrase he might very truly be said
to be the guy who is taking the trans-
ports out of transportation and putting
the end to dividend. And I suppose
if he knew as much about us as he
thinks he does he would be the first one
to call us a menace to society. I should
like to tell him to go hang with his little
dinner.”

  Rene straightened the ends of his new
evening tie and began vigorously brush-
ing his flaming hair back from his fore-
head.

  “I wonder what he is up to, Frank?
We are to be his only guests to-night,
you know.”

  “Give it up,” I answered. “Probably
it is only a little private instruction.
The bigger and grosser a man seems to
be, the .more confident he is nowadays
that he can become a Rene Shawn.”

  “To the devil with you, Frank !” Rene
laughed, flinging his long opera cloak
about his shoulders. “Hurry, man, the
launch must be waiting for us already.”

  Rene had not been mistaken; Julius
Bemis was up to something. For a man
of his presumable intelligence he made
his proposal childishly.

  “Gentlemen,” he said, once the elab-
orate dinner was over and we were com-
fortably settled to our cigars on the
broad after deck, “as you must have di-
vined by now, I have taken an unusual
liking to you.” He blew a great cloud
of smoke into the air. “I do not make
friendships easily, and I think that I
may say that my friendship is—well—
worth something. I have been trained
in a hard school of experience, and have
come to the time of life when I am fond

of occasional relaxation. Most of us
are inclined to take life too seriously,
we can live better and do better work
if we get some fun out of living. It is
an idea which I have been vainly try-
ing to impress upon Herbert Archer,
but you know his stiffness, the man has
not unbent in so long 'that he is in
danger of ossification. He is so bound
up in affairs that his entire horizon has
come to be bounded by Wall Street and
the London market. I have tried to do
missionary work, but nothing I can say
makes any difference to him; so at last I
have decided upon a plan which should
give us all some amusement, and bring
Archer to a view of life for which he is
certain to bless me as long as he lives.
I intend to present him with a vaca-
tion.”

  Bemis waved the hand which held
his cigar in a broad and comprehensive
gesture. There was a moment of si-
lence, as if the great man waited for
his idea to be caught by lesser intelli-
gences. Frankly, I must own that I saw
neither his intention nor how it con-
cerned Rene or myself, but I noticed
that Shawn was stiffening like a high-
bred pointer.

  “Would it be too much to ask,” said
Shawn, “just exactly what you mean by
presenting him with a vacation, and
what part Frank Colvaine and I are to
take in a presentation? I suppose that
we have some part, or you wouldn’t
have brought us here to talk it over.”

  “You are quite right,” said Bemis.
“My plan is in the nature of a jest, and
I find that I need help. You, Monsieur
Shawn, and you, Monsieur Colvaine,
strike me as unusual men in this stodgy
community. The word is peculiar, but
if I may say so, you are sprightly—
that exactly expresses my feeling about
you. You are also resourceful; and in
this I need the assistance of resource-
ful friends.” He bared his teeth in a
hard smile. “This is a joke at which
the whole world will laugh. I am go-
206

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

ing to give Herbert Archer a three days’
cruise on the Viking. He has never
been out of sight of land on a private
yacht. It will broaden his horizon con-
siderably.”

  Shawn tossed his cigar over the rail-
ing and got to his feet. “You mean
that you are going to give him this
cruise alone ? That you are not going
to be aboard yourself?” he asked.

  Bemis nodded and rubbed his great,
moist hands together.

  “It is not a jest I care to have any-
thing to do with,” Shawn snapped, and
took hp his long cloak.

  “Gome, come, young man, why not?
You go off like a spoonful of powder.
You know nothing of my plan, and yet
you say you’ll have nothing to do with
it.”

  “Do you wish me to speak frankly ?"
asked Shawn.

  “Most assuredly.”,

  “Then, Mr. Bemis, to my judgment,
which may be hasty, you are proposing
nothing more nor less than a gigantic
kidnaping scheme, in which Colvaine
and I are to be at once cat’s-paws and
scapegoats. I can only guess at the de-
tails of your proposal, but I can tell
you now, before you have made confi-
dences which you would afterward re-
gret, that you have come to the wrong
people. I cannot imagine what induced
you to think that either of us would be
party to any such lawless undertaking.
We are peaceful, law-abiding folk”—
you should have heard the ring in
Rene’s voice as he said this—“content
to teach what we know of dancing, and
to follow the routine of honest toil from
day to day. Men in your position, Mr.
Bemis, are too prone to feel that you
can move the rest of us like puppets.
Any simple thing we could do in friend-
ship we should be glad to offer our-
selves for, but above all we respect the
law, and its voice is sovereign to all
others.”

  Even the great have their weaknesses.

Rene Shawn’s was his sense of situation
and humor. More than once it has run
him into such great danger that I have
trembled for him, and over and over
again I have remonstrated with him, but
the vice seems to be incurable. When
the thing he is saying happens to strike
him as amusing he will carry it to peril-
ous limits, which are only tempered by
his scornful judgment of the intelligence
of his listener. It seemed to me now
that these fulsome protestations of vir-
tue must topple over by their sheer mag-'
nitude. Bemis had no reason to think
us anything but what we pretended to
be, but knowing what we had been my-
self, Rene’s impudent bombast seemed
like a cynical and jocular confession.

  “Oh, sit down,” said Bemis; “you
misunderstood the spirit of this thing.

I have no doubt of your honesty, and I
am not coming to you because I am
looking for men to put through a shady
operation, but because I thought that
you two could relish a joke that I want
to play on a mutual friend. Let me tell
you all about it. Then you can decide
whether you want to come inside or
not.”

  Bemis’ scheme was briefly this: He
proposed to give a dinner party to Ar-
cher and Shawn and me. Archer was
known to have something of a weak-
ness for vintage wine, and more than
once he had spent the night after a ban-
quet as the guest of a discreet host.
Bemis planned to play upon this foible
of his friend and to keep him on the
yacht overnight. He, himself, then was
to go ashore, and Shawn was to be put
in authority and to give the captain in-
structions to make for open sea. The
key was to be turned in the door of
Archer’s stateroom, the supposition be-
ing that Shawn supposed him ashore,
and when he made so much disturbance
that he could be ignored no longer, he
was to be discovered and apologized to,
but told that the engines had unfortu-
HIGH SEAS

207

nately broken down. We were to be
away three days.

  It made me uneasy, while Bemis
talked, to see the flicker of those red
fires in Shawn’s amber eyes, that I
had come to know portended trouble for
somebody. It was unthinkable that he
should lend himself to any such mad-
ness as this, but that, in the end, was
exactly what he did—he accepted not
only for himself but for me. There
was something in the back of his mind,
but though I questioned him later he re-
fused to enlighten me.

  Three nights later, the Bemis launch
took us out again to the Viking, lying
at anchor in the harbor. Rene, I re-
member, hummed a little French song
under his breath all the way out, while
I sat glumly in the stem sheets, filled,
in spite of my confidence in him, with
the keenest foreboding. If this thing
fell through, we, wouldn’t even have
money enough left to pay a lawyer; for
the bulk of our earnings had been de-
posited under other names abroad, and
what we had earned since Rene had
sent yesterday to our brokers for his
proposed speculation—an act which in
itself would go a long way to help in
our conviction, as it drew a straight line
between the crime we contemplated and
our motive for it.

  We arrived, as had been arranged, a
good half hour before the time set for
dinner. Bemis met us as we came up
the side, and I will say for him that he
showed few evidences of-being nerv-
ous. He still persisted in his pretense
that the crime he had conceived was
nothing but a practical joke of gigantic
proportions, from which its victim
would really derive physical and spir-
itual benefit. He was chuckling as he
took us below to show us what arrange-
ments he had made.

  “This is to be your stateroom, Mon-
sieur Shawn,” he said, “and this one
adjoining it is for Monsieur Colvaine.

You see they are opposite my own.
As Archer is to be guest of honor, I
have given him that. He should find it
comfortable.”

  Bemis pushed open the door as he
spoke and waved us in before him.
“Nothing is lacking, I think,” he added,
as we looked about at its luxurious ap-
pointments. “Nothing, not even the
key, which I have left, as you see, on
the outside of the door, but it has oc-
curred to me to have the electric call
bells disconnected, and we will keep the
crew and stewards away from this part
of the ship as long as possible. It might
be managed for a day, or even two
days, with luck; so, lest Archer suffer
too much—he is too fond of the flesh-
pots, but that is no affair of mine—I
have made this little arrangement.”

  He pushed open a second door, and
we all went through into a beautifully
tiled private bathroom. On a small
table beneath the heavy porthole light
were three bottles of wine in a rack,
a plate of bread-and-butter sandwiches,
and another piled with symmetrically
arranged slices of various cold meats.

  “Even Archer should be able to live
a couple of days on that,” said Bemis.
“I would have had more put up, but
it would have been too clear evidence
that I had planned to have you sail
away with him intentionally. Even this
is a little large, but aside from that it
is only the lunch which it is the stew-
ard’s routine duty to place here every
night, when I might possibly be aboard.
It should easily satisfy a temperate man
for two days. Among the poorer
classes, I have heard, the life of a
whole family is maintained for a period
as long as that on a quantity of food
no greater, and naturally of a much in-
ferior quality,” he concluded piously.

  Once on deck again, Bemis sent his
steward for the captain and the mate.

  “Captain Carlson,” he said, when he
had introduced them to us, “I am lend-
ing the Viking to these two friends of
208

THE £POcPUL/l<R MAGAZINE

mine. They intend, I believe, to take
a three or four days’ cruise out to open
sea. I shall take it as a favor if you
will consider yourselves as much under
Mr. Shawn’s orders for that time as
if he were the owner. I trust that you
and Mr. Andrews will do everything
you can to make things comfortable.
Both of you know that I like my orders
obeyed unquestioningly, and I wish Mr.
Shawn’s orders, or Mr. Colvaine’s for
that matter, to be followed in the same
spirit.” He narrowed his round eyes
in the queer manner, he had when he
wished to particularly impress his hear-
ers. “If they wish to go hunting ice-
bergs or whale, or to make a bonfire
forward of the deck chairs, they are to
be obeyed. For tlje time of the cruise
the Viking is to be theirs absolutely.
Do you understand me?”

  Without a smile or any other-expres-
sion of emotion, Carlson, who was a
short and stocky Norwegian, nodded.
Mr. Andrews, the mate, a tall, stoop-
shouldered Scot, forced a reluctant
smile, and muttered that he knew his
duty.

  “Very well,” answered Bemis. “Your
next orders will be from Mr. Shawn.
I go ashore to-night.”

  “There,” he continued, when cap-
tain and mate had gone back to their
quarters, “you are all arranged for. I
have set my heart upon this, gentle-
men, and I am not going to run a
chance of failure.” He took a little,
folded square of white paper from his
waistcoat pocket, and held it forward
for our inspection in the palm of his
hand. “I don’t think I shall need this,”
he said, “but if Archer proves unusually
hard-headed, I shall start a fit of cough-
ing, which is to be a signal to you to
create some sort of diversion that.will
sufficiently occupy his attention, to give
me an opportunity to drop this harm-
less little powder into his glass. It
can do him no harm, and will only
give him a refreshing sleep; but, if

I know Archer, there will be no need
of using it.”

A boatswain’s ' whistle sounded
shrilly, and Bemis leaped to his feet.
“Here is Archer, now,” he said hur-
riedly. “Everything is clear, is it not?”
“Quite so,” said Shawn.

  Shawn and I stared into each other’s
eyes as Bemis hurried to the side.

  “What do you know about that!”
Shawn whispered. “There is a dime-
novel villain for you. I wouldn’t miss
this for a thousand dollars, Frank.
Figure to yourself the scene as one of
the richest men in America slips an-
other one a pinch of knock-out. You
and I are babes in the wood, Frank,
when we travel in this class.”

  “I hope he knows what he’s doing,”
I whispered uneasily.

  “You can bet he does! Here the old
Judas comes with his dear friend now.”
People that live by their wits must
keep their wits clear. Both Rene and
I love to savor life, but neither of us
is given to the fleshpots. We believe,
with the greatest modern essayist, “that
,a good bush needs no wine.” Yet for
mere appearances’ sake I had to drink
that evening. The dinner started with
cocktails, and every one of its numer-
ous, elaborate courses was attended by
its appropriate wine, and the silent
stewards were constantly busy filling the
emptied glasses. I drank as sparingly
as possible, but long before the dinner
was over I felt my pulses drumming
and gay fires running in my blood.

  Shawn, to all appearances, was
simply raised to the level of his best.
He was cool and witty and graceful,
full of sparkling anecdote, and as adept
as usual at the difficult accomplishment
of g'iving brilliance by a deft word or
so to the commonplace utterances of
others.

  Bemis drank nervously and greedily,
tossing off the precious old wines with
a gulp, holding himself with a sort of
hoggish stolidity, but I saw that his
HIGH SEAS

209

broad white face began to glisten with
sweat as the dinner .advanced.

  Archer, a gentleman born and bred,
as alt the world knows, drank more
than any of us, but with a control and
grace which masked the guzzling and
gluttony.

  Rene and I have a handy code of
which we often make use. It is simple
enough, being merely an adaptation of
the Morse alphabet, a spelling in dots,
spaces, and dashes. The index finger
is a dot, the1 middle finger a dash, the
third finger a space, and, for conveni-
ence, the little finger means that a let-
ter is completed, the thumb that a word
is finished, and closing the hand that
the whole signal hasycome to an end.
The fingers may be moved silently or
drummed in a seemingly careless fash-
ion. Toward the end of dinner I saw
Rene’s right hand carelessly playing
with the tablecloth. He was in the
midst of an elaborate story, but the
message to me was spelled out without
a break :

  “Go to the captain, Frank, and tell
him to have them get up steam.”

  I made some excuse, and left the
table. I was somewhat vague in my
mind as to where the captain of a pri-
vate yacht should be looked for, but
eventually I found him, smoking a
cigar, upon the bridge, and he took my
orders readily enough, practically re-
peating them down the speaking tube
near at hand. The air was delight-
fully cool and fresh after the smoke
and the heavy scents of food and wine;
the stars were out, and the harbor beau-
tiful with the twinkling lights of all
sorts of craft; I lingered a moment to
refresh my lungs and eyes and brain.

  When I got back, Rene was sitting
alone at the littered table, and, sur-
prised as I was, I felt the old thrill
of pride that this man was my friend.
All about him was elegance in disor-
der, the heavy damask cloth was strewn
with broken nutshells, and stained with

C14A

the still-creeping red blotch of an over-
turned glass of wine, smoldering cigar
butts lay in their ashes in the saucers
of empty coffee cups, and crumpled
napkins had been flung to the floor, or
marked the empty places before the
empty chairs. There is nothing much
more sordid than the wreck of a recent
feast, but Rene, sitting there cool and
immaculate, his heavy cigar laid aside
and one of his long Russian cigarettes
between his fingers, looked as if no
disorder or confusion could touch him.

  “Where are they?” I asked.

  For answer, Shawn put a key, which
I recognized as that of Bemis’ private
stateroom, upon the table.

  “You told them to get up steam?”
he asked. “Good! We shall start as
soon as the launch gets back again.”

  “But—how could it all have happened
so quickly?” I asked. “Archer seemed
all right, or right enough, when I left,
and I couldn’t have been gone ten min-
utes.”

  “Ten minutes is a long time, JFrank.”

  Then I saw that his coolness was a
little unnatural, that it covered an un-
usual excitement. To the world in gen-
eral, Rene is inscrutable enough, I im-
agine, but I know him too well to be
often deceived. I knew now what had
happened.

  “The powder?” I asked. “Did he
use the powder?”

  Shawn nodded. “Listen,” he said;
“they are hauling the launch aboard,
and I must give them their sailing
orders.”

  My stateroom was perfect in all its
appointments, my berth was broad and
as easy as the clouds which religious
artists furnish for their angels’ repose,
its sheets were the finest linen and its
blankets the softest fleece; but, for all
that, I slept uneasily that first night,
as we headed east northeast for open
sea.

  Rene had said he was tired, and had
gone to bed as soon as his orders were
210

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

given and we were under way. He was
quite cheerful, and showed no signs of
anxiety, but in spite of my confidence
in him, I found it difficult to view the
affair with the same sanguine indiffer-
ence. He might have a very plausible
story prepared for the pacifying of his
captive, but to my mind it would be
only a little short of impossible to soothe
the righteous anger of a man of Ar-
cher’s undoubted mental attainments
with a lie or an apology. Bemis’ mo-
tive would be instantly apparent to him,
and our own was to be easily inferred.

  Hour by hour, as we left Brenton’s
Reef Lightship behind and the sea grew
heavier, and the Viking began to give
voice to the multitudinous squeakings
and clangors of a steam-driven rolling
ship in heavy weather, I expected to
hear the thud of fists against the stout
door across the passageway and the
roaring voice of the distinguished vic-
tim of our treachery. No sound came;
Bemis’ powder seemed to have done its
work, but it was only toward morning
that I dropped asleep.

  I was up early, but I found Shawn
ahead of me when I came on deck. The
day was a glorious one, with a heavy
breeze astern which was blowing the
waves flat and catching white handfuls
of spray from their crests, and chasing
smoke-white streamers of cloud across
the brilliant blue above us. The wal-
lowing, wrenching roll had disappeared,
and the Viking seemed to trip along at
her eighteen-knot clip with a swing and
sway not altogether unlike the dances
from which we were playing truant.
The cold salt plunge which I had taken
below had much refreshed me. I felt
pleasantly reckless, glad to be at sea
in any cause, good or bad, and grow-
ing keen for breakfast.

  “Frank,” said Rene, with his amber
eyes sparkling, “there are certainly
some advantages in being a millionaire.
My ambition has been growing dull, but
this sqrt of thing gives it a new im-

petus. I don’t yearn for a marble cot-
tage, but you and I must arrange to
have a yacht of our own while we are
still young enough to enjoy it.”

  “I was thinking the same thing,
Rene,” I said, and indeed, with the in-
toxication of air and sun, I believed
that Rene and I could easily come by
such a trifle. My present imagination
was, however, more immediate. “How
about breakfast ?” I asked.

  “I have arranged to have it sent up
here on deck.”

  “In this breeze ?” I protested. “Why,
the coffee will be blown out of our
cups.”

  “For all that, I think we shall try
it.” Rene’s red head was cocked a lit-
tle to one side, and suddenly I realized
that he was listening.

  I listened, too. The wind was sing-
ing through the low rigging, but above
its shrill voice I heard another deeper
one, muffled, to be sure, and coming
from some distance below us, but with
a roaring energy about it that made its
anger unmistakable.

  “Let us take our breakfast here, by
all means,” I assented as cheerfully as
possible in my abrupt dismay. For the
moment I had forgotten Archer, but
now it was only too clear that the ef-
fects of the sleeping powder had worn
off, and that he had found the door of
his stateroom locked on the outside and
realized something of his predicament.
A glance through the heavy glass of
his porthole must have been sufficient
to convince him that we were well out
of sight of land.

  My appetite for breakfast had dis-
appeared, but I managed it somehow.
If I were not fond of danger, if peril
and uncertainty were not meat and
drink to me, I should be more than a
fool to lead the kind of life I do, but,
although this adventure was danger-
ous enough, Heaven knows, its risks
were not of the sort in which I take
pleasure. I like a chance to win my
HIGH SEAS

214

way out by quickness of wit or some
physical strength or agility. Ther$ is
no getting away from a boat at sea,
quick thought or quick action cannot
help much when there is no possibility
of escape; and a great private yacht has
the individuality of a person of im-
portance—in a hundred ways its goings
and its comings are watched and
known.

  Even while we ate, I noticed that the
commotion below was attracting atten-
tion. The well-trained stewards
paused a moment as the3' passed each
other, their usually blank faces touched
for once with curiosity and concern.
Members of the crew drew together in
small groups, whispering and question-
ing, and pausing in the midst of their
questions to listen once more to the
muffled hullabaloo below. I saw the
boatswain go off in the direction of the
captain’s quarters, and presently Mr.-
Andrews, the mate, came and stood
before us.

  “Mr. Shawn,” he commenced uneas-
ily, “I hate to disturb you at your
breakfast, but the men are asking ques-
tions, and—and I wondered if you had
noticed the racket that is going on be-
low. One of the stewards tells me that
it comes from the owner’s stateroom,
that somebody is locked up in there,
who claims-”

  “Mr. Andrews,” Shawn interrupted,
“will you be kind enough to ask Cap-
tain Carlson to step here a moment?
Come back with him please.”

  The mate turned on his heel and hur-
ried away. Probably the captain had
been expecting some such call, for it
was only a moment before he came back
with Mr. Andrews. Both of them evi-
dently were uneasy, and the captain’s
glance at Shawn held more of suspi-
cion than respect.

  “Captain Carlson,” Rene began, “I
have asked you to come here with Mr.
Andrews because I am sure you must
be very much puzzled by all that is go-

ing on at present, and I wish to remind
you that I am under orders, and that
for the time being you are directly un-
der mine. I should like to acquaint
you with what is going on, but I should
be exceeding my instructions if I did
so. You may remember that Mr. Bemis
told you that I was to be unquestion-
ingly obeyed, and that he even went so
far as to give you some hint that my
instructions might be peculiar. That is
all I have to say. I merely wished to
remind you, for your own comfort, of
your owner's explicit commands. Give
the men something to do that will oc-
cupy their attention, and forbid any
one to .go near Mr. Bemis’ stateroom.
You need not fear any trouble. That
is all, I think.”

  “But he is shouting that-” com-
menced the captain.

  Shawn silenced him with a gesture
and got to his feet. “Not another
word,” he said shortly. “You have
your orders.”

  When Rene Shawn drops his air of
graceful refinement and stands his rigid
six feet two, with humor and kindli-
ness gone from his face, and his wavy
shock of red hair fairly bristling with
a kind of spiritual electricity, men do
not stand on the order of their going.
Like one man, Carlson and Andrews
saluted and went forward. The whis-
pering groups on deck broke up, and
’the Viking, as she plowed along, be-
came the scene of much earnest and
rather meaningless activity.

  The clamor died down after a while,
but by luncheon time it was renewed
with what seemed to me redoubled
vigor. The inarticulate shouting and
the thudding of clenched fists was no
longer heard, btit the occasional crash
of some hard object against the panels
of the door below made it ominously
plain that our captive was making a
more intelligent effort at escape. We
had been trying to hold a calm conver-
sation on any subject but the one up-
212

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

permost in our minds, but at last I
could stand it no longer.

  "Listen, Rene,” I said, after a par-
ticularly loud crash, “that sounds as if
he had taken the bed to pieces and was
using one of the bars as a battering-
ram. No door can stand that kind of
thing very long. He will be up here
presently.”

  Rene laughed. “I never saw you in
such a funk,” he said. “Come, you
need diversion. Go to the wireless
house and find out how our little flut-
ter in General Atlantic is getting on.
The market should be closing in a few
minutes.”

  The wireless house on board the
Viking was much like the customers’
room at a prosperous broker’s, except,
of course, that it was on a tiny scale.
To his duties as operator, the Marconi
man added that of broker’s clerk, and
kept a miniature stock board of the
Bemis specialties constantly checked up
with the market, so that the owner
could tell at a glance the exact trend
of his manipulations. Atlantic General,
the Archer specialty, headed the list,
and one agonized look was enough to
tell me that there had been some dread-
ful mistake. Bemis was the head and
forefront of the bear movement against
Atlantic General, and since morning the
stock had risen twenty points. Our
brokers must have sold us out long
ago.

  “Atlantic General—you are sure you
have the figures right; there is no mis-
take?” I asked the operator.

  He shrugged his shoulders. “The
error of a fraction would cost me my
job on this boat, sir.”

  It was hard to tell Rene what I had
discovered. His plans go wrong so sel-
dom that he is apt to take his rare re-
verses with no very good grace. There
was no breaking it gently.

 “Rene-” I began.

  “Out with it, Frank! What’s the
trouble ?”

  “Nothing much. Wre have lost our
money, but there is more where it
came from, I suppose.”

  “What makes you think we’ve lost
it?”

 “Atlantic General has gone up
twenty points.”

  I did not hear Shawn’s answer. It
was drowned in a deafening crash from
below. There was a rush of heavy
feet, and the whole deck seemed to
ring with the hoarse and strident roar
of profanity. I ducked just in time to
avoid a blow from the long steel side-
bar of one of the Viking’s brass beds;
but although the blow missed me I felt
that I had taken leave of my senses,
until I heard the astonishment in Rene’s
voice.

 “Mr. Bemis!” he cried. “You!
What has happened ? How did you get
here?”

  “You rascal,” shouted Bemis. I am
omitting his fluently profane qualifica-
tions. “You—even more brilliantly
qualified—crook. I’ll have you in
State’s prison for this, if I leave enough
of you to put there.”

 “Why, Mr, Bemis,” said Shawn
sweetly, “I cannot understand this at
all. Have you changed your mind
about Mr. Archer? Have you let him
out?”

  “Out, you fool? He was never in
there. I was in there. I, Julius Bemis,
do you hear? And you, sir, are at the
bottom of it.”

  Shawn’s manner,changed. He shoved
aside the odd weapon which Bemis car-
ried and gripped the magnate suddenly
by both shoulders, holding him away
from him and looking down into his
face as he spoke.

  “We will have no more of this. If
the criminal dirty work which you
planned for me has gone wrong you
have only yourself and your strong
wines to blame.” His voice rose.
“When you planned to kidnap Archer’:
HIGH SEAS

213

—he paused and looked over his shoul-
der, both Bemis and I followed his
glance. The captain and the mate were
coming toward us on a run. “When

you planned-” Shawn commenced

again.

  Bemis did not get to his position in
the world without certain unusual men-
tal magnitudes. In spite of his tower-
ing rage and his inner certainty that
he had been victimized, he took in the
situation and its possibilities, and ac-
cepted defeat before the captain
reached us.

  “Very well,” he muttered. “Look
out for yourself for the rest of my
life, young man. Good afternoon, Cap-
tain Carlson. No, nothing is the mat-
ter. Mi*. Shawn and I have been de-
ciding a little bet. He had an idea that
I could be locked up in my own boat,
but I think that I have convinced him
of his error. A fine, brisk day to be
at sea, is it not ?”

  The Viking put back that night for
Newport, bucking the stiff breeze un-
der orders of full speed ahead. It was
not a very genial party, but for my
part I was happy enough to have es-
caped the shadow of arrest. Shawn
came into my stateroom that night to
smoke a cigarette with me.

   I am sorry I couldn't tell you,
Frank,” he apologized, “but I knew you
could act your part better if you didn’t
know, and then this morning it amused
me to see you trying to answer your
apprehensions with your faith in your
worthless friend. It was the only way
I could devise to turn that bhuidering
old highbinder’s scheme into honest
profit. I gave the merest hint to
Archer. Our investments in Atlantic
General were made with his firm, with
instructions to buy—not to sell, as, of
course, you expected, Frank, but to buy
—and to pyramid all day. Archer
seems to be a man of intelligence in
spite of his fondness for the grape. The
only thing that troubled me was that
sleeping powder in Bemis’ pocket. I
got hold of it as soon as I could—and
I flatter myself that even you, Frank,
don’t know when that was. They are
dangerous things to carry. I, myself,
should never have thought of using
one, but having it handy naturally sug-
gested dropping it into the wine which
Bemis had ordered watered for his own
consumption. We have made an en-
emy,. but we have made a strong friend,
too, and Archer only needed one day
to make himself the strongest man in
America. How would you like to buy
a yacht like this one, Frank?”

BAITING THE BITERS

/^NE of New York’s old-time hotel men. who is a bit of a wag as well as a
good business man, advertises his table d’hote with this line: “Eat while
the band plays.”

    A friend commented upon the innovation. ,tI notice,” said he, “that you
have put an orchestra in your dining salon. Did you do it on. the theory that
music aids digestion?”

    “Not at all,” was the reply. “This is how I figured it out: You see, the
orchestra is a wretched one. The music sets the diners’ teeth on edge, and
they bite the toughest steak with the greatest ease.”
My Friend the Eneimy

By Robert J. Pearsall

Author of “Revolt, ” “Picked for ServiceEtc.

This thing of “loving your enemy” is all right to sing about, but it has small place
in the council halls of the nations when war is declared. Here is an instance—one
of the rarest sort—where a soldier makes a friend of the enemy. The results are curious

IT was me,” mused Sergeant Nichols.
“Lord, it zvas me, though I’d be
more satisfied if I could see the
muster roll. ‘Detached’ would be
opposite my name, but for what and.
why I was detached no adjutant ever
discovered. And first I was right, or
last I was right, and the other wrong,
but which was which I’ve never rightly
discovered myself.”

  Hurriedly, to prevent interruption, I
kicked Corporal Gordon on the shin,
refilled Sergeant Kelly’s glass, and pro-
duced cigars. But Nichols refilled his
pipe. While he was getting an even
glow he surveyed us critically. Then
after a long puff he began his narrative.

  It isn’t every one I’d tell this to, for
the most of it does me no credit. But
two of you are marines, and the other
as good, I guess, and all of you’ve been
younger than you are, so you ought to
understand young uns. And that’s
what we were, boys, the lot of us, ex-
cepting the noncoms, and raw recruits
at that.

  We’d made one liberty in Manila
from the deck of the transport, and
spent five days leaning over the rail of
a gunboat, southbound, and that was
all we knew of the islands. And what-
ever we’d imagined of soldiering in
them was knocked cold our first day in
Bantaigas. Maybe it was because we
were recruits that we were sent there,

but if so it’s another proof that all the
wisdom of the world doesn’t abide with
headquarters. One week in the field,
and we’d been fit for anything; but as
it was, Captain Malden had as neat a
chest of human dynamite as ever man
was required to sit on, and he was of-
ficer enough to know it.

  Bantaigas was a lighthouse and cable
station on a spit of sand and rock half-
way down the western coast of Min-
danao. By nature it was an island, but
the Spaniards had connected it with the
mainland by a narrow stone causeway.
It was about five hundred yards long
by two hundred wide, not figuring the
causeway, and from end to end there
wasn’t a tree nor a shrub nor a blade
of grass. There was just us, twenty-
five of us, and we were forbidden to
swim for fear of sharks, and to hike
for fear of natives, and all the drilling
we were able to do on our two-by-twice
parade ground wouldn’t have put a dint
in the energy of a company in the Old
Soldier’s Home.

  I’ll not take time to explain how
things began to shape up, or why. It
was all natural. The only thing that
don’t seem natural to me is the part I
played in it. Me, Sergeant Nichols,
steady old plow horse—but I was a
two-year-old then. And from the first,
as I remember, I led the agitators. I
was kicker in chief, sea lawyer in gen-
eral ; and if ever I’ve heard a rookie ex-
MY FRIEND THE ENEMY

215

press a fool opinion about the service
that I didn’t express and sw€ar by, I
don’t recall it.

  I kicked about everything-, the food,
the restrictions, the drills, the tents—
we were sleeping, of course, in shelter
halves—but mainly I kicked about be-
ing there at all. I got the bug—you see,
it’s natural for me to refer to it dis-
respectfully by now—the idea, we’ll say,
that many a civilian had at that time.
The natives were peaceable; all they
wanted was to be left alone. If they
were treated as friends they’d be
friends; but, of course, if they were
treated as enemies they’d be enemies.
It was all a job, an office holder’s job, a
trick to keep the army in the islands so
as to provide some more swivel-chair
patriots and shoulder-strapped aristo-
crats with easy billets. But why should
we sizzle on that blame flapjack of an
island for their sakes? That was me,
morning till night, and the thing that
made me dangerous was that I believed
every word of it myself.

  And, of course, I had my assistants'.
Between them and me and natural per-
versity and the healthy human energy of
those cooped-up recruits, I can see now
that at the end of a month things were
near the breaking point. It’s hard to
say what would’ve happened, mutiny,
maybe, more likely only a quarrel
among ourselves and a free-for-all fight,
or a general liberty breaking and a
big drunk, for some of us knew the art
of making bino—but, as I hinted before,
Captain Malden was an officer that
knew his trade. One morning at office
hours I found myself in front of his
desk, with him sizing me up and talking
me over to himself much the same as
though I’d been a bale of cotton.

  “What’s the matter with you?” he
asked me, toward the last.

  “I don’t know, sir,” and I was tell-
ing the truth. Standing before him so,
and after his talk, I knew I’d done him
an injustice; and yet, so help me, there

■was -something bubbling up in me that
wouldn’t let me feel repentant nor yet
afraid. That’s youth, I ’guess, that
devil-may-careness, that unmoral rest-
lessness, and it’s a trouble maker; but,
glory me, it has its advantages, too.

  ‘‘You’ve done a lot of mischief, and
you’re liable to do a lot more,” went
on the captain. “You’ve got half the
men believing that they’re not getting
their full rations, that there’s a leak in
the Q. M. Now, I happen to be quar-
termaster as well as commanding of-
ficer here—but we’ll let that go. And
you’ve preached that rot about the Ma-
lanaos until you’ve got them believing
that, too. Why, I even heard you the
morning we planted that alarm on the
causeway—the alarm that may save a
sentry’s life some night, or all of our
lives, for that matter—spieling about
our lack of trust, and swearing that was
the sort of thing that caused all our
trouble. Trust! You’d trust those
monkey-minded, twist-brained savages!
Are you a soldier or a sky pilot?”

  “A soldier, sir,” I said. That rather
hurt me.

  “Well, you’ll have to learn to act like
one. There’s no room in this detach-
ment for an agitator. You know we’ve
no brig here, and that I’m the only of-
ficer in three hundred miles, and no
chance of a court-martial, and you take

advantage- No, I won’t say that;

if I thought that was all there was to
it I’d ship you back to Manila in irons.
But I’m responsible for this command,
and you’ve gone as far as I can allow
you to. Here, take these.”

  They were two perfectly regular or-
ders. One informed me that I was
temporarily detached from the com-
mand, and would proceed at once with
shelter tent and full equipment to a
point on the mainland not over one
hundred yards from the eastern end of
the causeway, and there encamp. My
duties were to keep the detachment in-
formed of all movements of natives in
216

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

the vicinity. I was to report at reveille
and retreat to the sentry on the cause- t
way, but was not to cross his post un-
less in case of an emergency. The
other was a requisition on the quarter-
master sergeant for ten days’ rations.

  I was a recruit, but I’d heard of men
being beached before. I didn’t need the
captain’s explanation.

  “Report to Cornell/’ he finished, “and
if I find he gives you an ounce more or
less than that order calls for, I!ll have
him broke. You’ve kicked at the mess; *
make your own mess. You’ve kicked
at the camp; make your own camp. And
at the end of ten days, if you still like
it, come in and draw more rations.
Whenever you’re ready to soldier, come
in and stay. That’s all.”

  No, it wasn’t murder, as you’ll see.
He wasn’t even putting me in any spe-
cial danger. If I did my duty, kept
my eyes open, remembered that I was
in an enemy’s country, I’d be,safer even
than the sentry on the causeway, for
the natives would know where he was,
and would know, too, that they’d have
to pass him in order to get to the de-
tachment. A single boloman might spy
me out; but the Malanaos were pretty
well disciplined at that time, and made
war, when they did, in a body. Of
course, I didn’t know anything about
these matters at the time, but the cap-
tain did, and I suppose he weighed
them pretty well before taking action.

  Well, I went to my tent and packed,
while the rest of the men stood around
and either cheered or jeered me, ac-
cording to their turn of mind. But
there were more cheers than jeers, and
I left them laughing, not at me, but
with me, which shows I wasn’t an ordi-
nary trouble maker. When I passed
the captain’s tent I saluted it, sarcastic-
like, so that they laughed some more.
No one should think he had me bluffed,
or even worried.

  I whistled my way past the sentry on
the causeway, and I sang through the

operation of tent pitching and camp
making. And it wasn’t pretense; I was
happy. That pent-in, cramped-up feel-
ing was all gone, and I felt as free as
the wind that rustled through the bam-
boos, or the birds that sang in them.
And there was green grass here instead
o£ bare rock, and cool shade instead
of the blazing sun, and by the time I’d
got everything fixed shipshape, I was
just tired enough to lie down and smoke
and enjoy it, and lay out my plans for
the next day. For, of course, I con-
sidered the captain’s instructions about
looking out for natives as so much flub-
dub ; he had to give me something to
do. The hours between reveille and
retreat were my own.

  And I must say, before going on,
that I enjoyed them. It was fine to hear
the bugle sound for drill and to lie in
some cool spot and watch the fellows
rushing from their tents and falling into
line; it was fine to hear taps sound, and
to break out a bit of reading and a sec-
ond candle, just for contrarities’ sake,
knowing that over in the camp the ser-
geant of the guard was passing the hail
of “Light’s out.” And it was finer still
to start out in the morning, with haver-
sack and canteen and rifle, and to tramp
and tramp and tramp, with no captain to
pick my course for me, and no corporal
to measure the length of my stride.

  Still, I guess I was getting lonesome.
I remember the second or third time I
reported to the sentry on the causeway
I hung around for a minute or two,
hoping against hope that he’d forget the
regulations and stop and talk a bit. I
just wanted to hear the sound of his
voice. And I’d catch myself staring,
with a sort of empty feeling, across
the half mile or so of water that sepa-
rated me from the camp oftener than
I liked. Maybe at the end of the ten
days I’d have been glad enough to come
in, but a lot was to happen before then.

  The third day I took stock of my
rations, and found them most amazingly
MY F^RIENV THE ENEMY	217

shrunken. I blamed it on my long
hikes and consequent big appetite, and
I suppose it was partly due to my waste-
ful methods of cooking; but, anyway,
it was calculated to give me a little bet-
ter opinion of the men that ran the camp
mess. But I had no intention of going
hungry as long as there was game; and
the nexlt day, along toward evening, I
was lucky enough to bring down a deer.

  After I’d carried the parts that I
fancied to camp, and hung them up, I
happened to remember some shooting-
gallery instructions, and I pieced to-
-gether my sections of ramrod, and went
after the powder fouling in the bore of
my rifle with a bit of cloth. But I’d
no more than started when I discov-
ered that there was more than the bore
that needed cleaning. The nights had
been damp, and there were little specks
of red rust all over the bright work, and
some had even crept in between the
barrel and the stock.

   Well, I took it apart and cleaned it;
I was soldier enough for that. But the
next thing I did wasn’t at all soldierly,
considering where I was. By the time
the pieces were ready to reassemble, I
was hungry. I left them where they
were, scattered out on my blanket, and
started to build a fire in the stove I’d
improvised out of some rocks and a
piece of tin.

   I didn’t hear anything. I don’t know
what made me look up. But I did, just
as I’d started slicing the venison, and
I found myself staring straight into a
pair of round black eyes, set in a brown
face, peeping out of the shrubbery.
Then, quick as lightning, the eyes and
. the face were gone, and still there
wasn’t even the rustle of a leaf.

  My own eyes went to the pieces of
my rifle, lying there as useless as so
many of these poker chips. I won’t
say I wasn’t scared, but I do claim I
grinned. I’d fixed things so that my
theory as to the innate gentleness and
friendliness of the natives was going to

be tested, and that within a very few
seconds. A sort of creeping sensation
came over my skin, as though every
inch of it was shrinking from the touch
of a bolo; and my ears strained till
they ached for the whir of one through
the air; but I kept on, as steadily as
I could, carving up the meat.

  That lasted about a minute. Then a
peculiar sound began in the bushes some
dozen feet or so to the right of where
I’d seen the face. It was the sound of
a man crawling, and yet there was
something. I straightened up and
faced it, relieved, but puzzled, too, for if
the man was coming to me openly, why
didn’t he walk upright?

  But the next minute the bushes
parted, and I knew. A head, and as
perfect a pair of shoulders as I’ve ever
laid eyes on shoved through, the brown
body followed, and the legs trailed be-
hind, just trailed, without a movement.
He was crippled from his hips down.
He was so strong in the arms and shoul-
ders, though, that he moved, even in
that position, almost as fast as I would
walk, and as easy. That took away
some of the pitifulness of it.

  He wore a breechclout and a flaming
red sash, and a belt with a three-foot
bolo. It was the first I’d seen, but I’d
heard enough about them that I
stared at it, half fascinated, thinking
how easy it would have been for him
to have cut md down with it from the
brush. Then my eyes came back to his
face, and I didn’t feel quite safe yet.
He was smiling; but it wasn’t a healthy
smile ; there was something forced about
it. His eyes were tense and watchful;
and I noticed that his right hand, as
he came forward, was never placed
much in advance of his shoulder; it
was always near the bolo hilt.

  Well, I smiled my broadest, and was
rewarded in a way I didn’t expect. He
hitched himself around, sat up, well out
of my reach, and spoke.

  “Goo’ day,” he said. “Me amigo.”
218

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Now “amigo” didn’t mean anything
to me then. I thought it was his name.
I bade “Amigo” welcome in as flowery
language as I could find, and the way
I used the word seemed to please him.
Then I waved my hand at the food and
the fire. “By and by we eat,” I said.

  But he sort of stiffened at that. “Me
no want eat,” he said. “Me all ’lone,
you all ’lone. Me amigo.”

  You see, he couldn’t have said any-
thing that warmed me to him more,
though he seemed to draw back into
himself the moment he’d said it. But
while he sat there, silent as an owl, I
cooked up a double ration of every-
thing, and a little more. And he ate,
after a great deal of urging. But he
insisted again, several times, that I
understand that that wasn’t what he’d
come for. And after the meal was over,
and I’d pressed upon him a package of
londre cigarettes that, I’d bought in
Manila, but hadn’t got down to smoking
yet, he loosened up, and told me his
story.

  He was a Malanao, a member of a
tribe whose village was some fifty miles
inland. He’d been in Manila, though,
worked for a white man, which was
where .he’d picked up his English. He
liked white men, some white men, he
was careful to qualify. But he’d come
back to his tribe to marry, and a rival
lover had set a trap for him, a bamboo
trap. He showed me how it worked, a
bolo fastened between two bent bam-
boos, a slip cord, how he’d stepped over
the bolo into the cord, how the bolo
had leaped up and caught him behind
at the knees. Hamstrung, he was, for
life. And the children of the village
laughed at him, and the older people
pitied him, and he had gone away to
live alone. Oh, he was some romancer!
He had seen me, and he liked me, but
he didn’t want to see the other white
men, pointing across to Bantaigas.
Some of them would laugh, too.

  I hardly believed that; but it was

plain that if I reported his presence
Captain Malden would investigate it,
and I’d lose Amigo’s confidence. And
I didn’t want to do that. So when re-
treat sounded I went out on the cause-
way, walked down as far as the barrier
of buried wires, waited till the sentry
came up, and reported, “All’s well.”
Then back again, and that night the
“monkey-minded, twist-brained sav-
age,” as Captain Malden had called him,
shared my shelter tent. And never
since that time have I taken stock in
the idea that a man’s instincts warn
him of danger. . . . But I woke in
the morning safe enough.

  Well, there followed four peculiar
days. Amigo, as I still called him, stuck
to me like a brother. We couldn’t
travel far in a day, but we didn’t have
to. He knew his jungle, tracks and
trails and watering places; and he could
move through it like a shadow and take
his pick of what was in it; and before
long, from imitating him, I got to be
almost as skillful. The only trouble was
that his list of food animals was a bit
more inclusive than mine; but after
we’d spent an hour following a certain
kind of cat that will never be domesti-
cated, I took to instructing him in this
regard. And I must say that I found
him flatteringly willing to change his
standards.

  A.nd he was good company, too. Of
course, he hadn’t many words, but he
made those he had useful. He told me
about his people, how they lived, in bam-
boo boxes mounted on stilts or perched
in the crotches of the palm trees that
sprung out of the mud of the river bed;
how they tilled their fields of palay
and rice with sharp sticks and wooden
plows; how they fished and hunted,
with their praos and dragnets and har-
poons and bows and arrows. Oh, it
was a domestic picture he drew. And
this was the bloodthirsty tribe for fear
of which Captain Malden had cooped
his men on Bantaigas ! I wondered how
MY F^RIENV THE ENEMY

219

long the men would stand it after they
found out the truth.

  I believed him. And as the days
passed by I got to like him more and
more. Of course, that was to be ex-
pected. I suppose a man would get
fond of a rattler if he was alone with
it night and day, long enough. And I
suppose the rattler might get fond of
him. Not that that’s a fair comparison,
but-

  At the same time, I couldn't hide the
fact that there were things about him
I didn’t understand. For one, there was
the peculiar gleam that would come to
his eyes sometimes, just when we’d
seem to be friendliest, a gleam that
made me watch his hand that was near-
est his bolo, in spite of myself. And
yet my reason told me that he could
have killed me a dozen times while I
slept. But his face would twitch, and
the muscles of his arms, and even of
his crippled legs. Of course, I’d never
heard then of the juramentado. If I
had, it would have been me to Ban-
taigas, and on the double.

  Many a time I’d seen him staring
over toward Bantaigas, especially when
the men were at drill; he seemed to
be studying them. And I knew every
move I made he watched. Once he
asked me why I reported to the sentry
on the causeway, and, when I’d satis-
fied him as to that, why I always stood
just where I did. I didn’t like his no-
ticing that. “Why you no walk to sen-
try? Why you stand little ways away?
At night. At morning you go close.
Why you no go close at night?”

  I told him it was the rules; but, of
course, that wasn’t- any explanation.
The real reason, that if I took one step
farther I’d set off Captain Malden’s pet
electric contrivance, the alarm that’d
bring every man out of his tent, double
time and under arms—no, I swear I
wasn’t fool enough to tell him that.
And that the beggar’d have sense

enough to figure it out for himself I
never surmised for a moment.

  Then there were other things. He’d
never touch me. Not once during the
four days did his hand touch mine, or
any part of me. And whenever I’d
seem about to touch him, when we were
skinning a deer or doing suchlike work,
he’d draw away as though I w?ere so
much carrion. And there was the big
fact, the thing I’d noticed when I first
laid eyes on him, that his useless legs,
instead of being shriveled and shrunken,
were as tight-skinned and firm-fleshed
as the legs of a Marathon runner. I’d
seen it, I say, but it was with my eyes
only; until the third night I never gave
the matter another thought.

  That night I woke with a feeling of
missing something. I rolled over and
discovered that my tentmate wasn’t in
his place. That puzzled me a bit, and
I was considering what to do, when I
heard something that made me settle
down again, mighty quiet. Some one
was moving in the brush—but it
couldn’t be Amigo, for this man wasn’t
crawling. It was quite a little distance,
and I could hear the footsteps; but the
difference was plain enough.

  I lay there for about a minute.
Frankly, I didn’t like the thought of in-
vestigating. The night was like a black
cat, and if there was anything wrong
it’d be two against one, and I’d learned
enough the last few days of the Ma-
lanao art of bushwhacking to know
what chance I’d have. But it seemed
like I had it to do, and I’d forced my-
self to the flap of the tent, when I heard
Amigo coming back again. Just Amigo ;
there was no mistaking that scraping,
dragging sound. I crawled back into
my blanket, but I got no more sleep that
night.

  The next morning I noticed some-
thing strange about him. He’d look at
me sometimes, and his black eyes
would kind of soften, like a dog’s I had
once; and then he’d force them away
220

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

from me, and his face would go hard,
and that crazy look that had half fright-
ened me the first few days would come
back to it. And there was a sort of
gloating in it now, the look that you see
in a cat's eyes that has a mouse help-
less, and is playing with it. And after
breakfast was over he sat for a little
staring at the brush, and then he an-
nounced, abruptlike, that he was going
to be away for the rest of the day, but
would return at night.

  “This big Malanao church day,” he
said. “All Malanaos go out alone to-
day, stay alone. I like you, you good
friend, but me stay alone.” And I
liked him, and was mighty glad of the
excuse he’d given. It didn’t take much
imagination to see that some such thing
might be the explanation of last night’s
visitor—for, mark you, I still held to~*
the idea that the steps I’d heard had
been the steps of a visitor. A courier,
probably, to remind him of a religious
rite.

  So he left—and I missed him. Gee,
how I missed him! I guess a man just
naturally has to have some one or
something to care for, and the few days
he’d been alone with me counted for as
much as so many months of ordinary
companionship. And I was mighty
glad to see him come crawling back
along toward night, but I wasn’t glad
for the change in him. The softness
had all gone out of him; he was short
and curt with his words; and if a stran-
ger had looked at me as he did now
Mid then, I’d have reached for my gun.
But he couldn’t harm me, he couldn’t,
after all I’d done for him, and so we
slept as usual that night, side by side,
with either at the mercy of the one that
chose to keep awake. And we both
woke in the morning, sound. But the
same half-mad look was on him.

  I hadn’t hunted the day before, and
our meat was about gone, so after we’d
eaten we went out after game. The
same as always before, he creeping

along in advance, I on my toes behind
him, trying to move as noiselessly as
he, and mostly failing. By noon we
had three rabbits, and we started to
work back toward camp.

  All of you’ve been in the islands, and
you know how sudden a bagnio comes.
In the open, if you’re a native or an
old-timer, you have the warning of it,
at first a black spot lying low, with the
clear sky above and all around it, then
a coppery monster of a cloud that seems
to grow and fill the heavens as it rushes
on you. But what sky we might have
seen through the underbrush was cut
off by the palms and.molaves, and the
only notice we had was a sudden dark-
ening and a great moan, like the jungle
knew what was coming on it, and was
afraid. Amigo looked back at me, said
something I didn’t catch, and then the
storm struck us.

  It was a howling rush of wind and
a driving sheet of water, and, though
most of the force of it stayed in the
treetops, it was all I could do to stand
up against it. But I did, and I cleared
my eyes and head in time to catch an-
other backward look from Amigo, a
swing of the hand ahead, and two
words. “Trees fall!” he shouted, and
before I’d fully got the meaning of his
words, they were interpreted for me.
There was a crash behind me; I looked
back, and saw that a calentas, about a
hundred feet high, and studded with
short, thick branches, almost like giant
thorns, had hit the ground with all the
force of the wind behind it. It would
have been taps for any one that had
been caught under it.

  Amigo had mended his pace; he was
straining ahead at what was for me a
fast walk. I followed him, glad enough
that he was there. I wouldn’t have
known which way to turn. I kept a
sharp lookout, however, and skirted
around any tree that seemed danger-
ous; but Amigo, from his position,
MY FRIEND THE ENEMY

221

couldn’t see as well as I. Which prob-
ably accounts for what happened.

  He’d almost reached safety, a clear
space about a hundred yards across that
he’d had in his mind from the start,
and he glanced back to see if I was
following him. He looked over his
right shoulder, and, at the same instant,
about fifty feet to his left, another cal-
entas snapped short off at the bottom,
and flung itself straight at him.

  His ears told him of his danger as
quickly as my eyes. For an instant I
thought a miracle was going to hap-
pen, that his dead legs were coming to
life again. Indeed, he did raise part
way to his knees, but as I started for
him he collapsed again. His arms,
however, were working like pistons, but
not more than half fast enough to
carry him out of the path of the tree.

  Yes, you heard me.say I started for
him. Oh, I don’t claim any credit for
it; it wras just impulse. You know the
way a baby’s helplessness gets to you
—well, his affected me in much the same
way. Before I knew it I had both
arms around him, beneath the shoulder,
and was racing with the falling tree.

  I thought I’d lost the race—that
thought, and a ripping pain at the back
of the head, and an explosion of lights,
and then sudden darkness, is all I can
remember after the tree, or rather the
end of one of the branches, struck me.
But I came to after a bit, and found
myself lying well out in the clearing,
with the rain beating down on my face,
and none the worse, except for a head-
ache. Amigo was bending over me.
He had one of my hands, but as my
eyes opened he dropped it.

  “You hurt?” he asked. “You all
right—amigo ?”

  It was the first time he called me
by that word, and I wondered what he
meant by applying his own name to me,
but I let it pass. I. twisted around a
bit, and then got to my feet.

  “I’m all right,” I said. “And how

about you?” I remembered he’d been
under me when I fell.

  “You save me,” he answered. “Me
thank you. Me no forget.”

  That was about all there was to it;
the Malanao isn’t emotional. And in
another minute, the wind having died
down as suddenly as it had risen, we
were on our way again. But for the
rest of that hike, and even after we’d
reached camp and straightened it up
after the storm and prepared supper
and eaten it, I wasn’t easy in mind. It
was plainer than ever that there was
something wrong with Amigo.

  He wouldn’t look at me. He wouldn’t
really look at anything. He stared off
into the jungle, but I knew he wasn’t
seeing it. Now and then, though, he’d
stir restlessly, as though he were try-
ing to wake himself, or make up his
mind to something, or change his
thoughts. Sometimes, when he did that,
his hand would creep back toward his
bolo, and the old fanatical glare would
begin to show up in his eyes. But it
never reached full growth that night.
Something else, that doglike softness,
seemed to well up and cloud it over and
drown it out. And then his shoulders
would droop, and creases would come
in his brown forehead.

  If he’d been a white man, of course,
I’d have tried to get to the bottom of
his trouble. But you know, it isn’t
merely that one man’s white and the
other brown; and even the shape of the
brain and the make-up of the body seem
to be only the signs of the difference.
The real difference is deeper—and yet
there must be a deal in common, too.
I could see afterward that he tried to
do what I hadn’t the courage to do;
he tried to bridge the gap.

  It was about time for taps. We were
lying in the shelter tent, and I was be-
ginning to doze, when I heard Amigo
stir, and then speak.

  “You my friend,” he said. “Me your
friend. Me think so. Tree hit you,
222

THE ePOcPULA<R MAGAZINE

maybe you die. You no care. You
sleep, maybe me kill you. You no
’fraid. We be very good friends.” It
was a mixture of a statement and a
question; he seemed to be considering
the thing.

  “That’s so,” I said; and yet, to save
me, I couldn’t keep a note of doubt out
of my own voice.

  “You Americano,” he went on, more
slowly, as though he were searching for
ideas as well as words. “Me see in
Manila; Americano know all things.
You tell me. Why you Americano, why
me Malanao; why you white, why me
black ? Why one day we fight, why one
day we be friends? Why one man tell
me kill you, why myself tell me love
you? You tell me.”

  “Lord knows,” was the best reply I
had. “But you’re not going to do any
killing, are you?”

  The answer wasn’t quick in coming.
“No, me no kill you,” he said, at last;
but still there was a sort of uncertainty
in his voice, as though he had another
problem.

  Neither of us spoke again, but I was
doing a heap of thinking. Oh, I know
I should have acted. I should have
acted long before that. But, you see,
I couldn’t give up my theory. Amigo
was a friend; he had to be, for I’d
treated him as such. And I was right
and I was wrong, and the devil and all
knows which I was mainly.

  After a bit I slept—and then I woke,
fighting. Some one had me by both
shoulders, and was dragging me to my
feet. My first thought, as I aimed a
blow at him, was that it couldn’t be
Amigo, for this man was standing up-
right, and shaking me with the strength
of a giant; and then I began to sense
the words that he was pouring into
my ears.

  “Wake up ... no too later . . .
wake up, wake up . . . save Ameri-
canos . . . swimming ’cross! . . .
Me amigo, amigo.” And my right fist,

that had already started up, stopped just
short of his chin.

  “Amigo ! You ! In the name of-”

  “No importe me. Malanaos, they kill
Americanos, they come back, kill you!
They no cross causeway; they know
’bout trap wire; me tell them. Me
what you call spy, no leg hurt, all right.
You no savvy?”

  I savvied, and I agreed with him. No
importe him or me, either. I’d betrayed
my trust, he’d betrayed my friendship,
and neither of us had many minutes to
repair our fault. I was scrambling out
of my tent, with my rifle and ammuni-
tion belt in my hand, as I fired the next
question at him:

 “How many?”

  “Whole tribe, maybe hundreds.”
  “Where are they?”

  “I tell you, in water, swimming. No
’fraid sharks. Sharks get two, maybe
three, rest get ’cross. They swim to
sentry, bolo sentry, no noise, then camp,
then you. That why——■”

  I didn’t hear any more. I was busy
with my rifle. Five times I fired, as
fast as I could work the bolt and pull
the trigger, and as I fired I ran, and as
I ran I yelled. By the time my maga-
zine was empty I wa3 at the jungle end
of the causeway, with Amigo just be-
hind me.

 “Post number one, the guard!”
crackled out ahead of me, and my blood
ran warmer. The Malanos hadn’t got
the sentry yet. Two shots followed, an
interval, and then three more, fired ir-
regularly. And I was charging up the
causeway, bellowing, “Don’t shoot,
Nichols, Nichols,” at the top of my
voice.

  The sentry was the cool hand! As
I tore over the buried wires and set off
the belated alarm in the garrison, I
caught sight of him. He was lying
crossways of the causeway, with his
head sticking over the west bank, study-
ing the water. And whenever he caught
sight of a bobbing black spot in it he
MY FRIENCD THE ENEMY

223

fired, but that wasn’t often, for the
night was black and the water was
black, and the Malanaos, knowing that
they were discovered, were mostly
swimming under water.

  I wondered why he didn’t make for
the garrison, but as I plumped myself
down beside him my knee went into
something warm and wet. But when I
went to feeling for the wound he
twitched away from me.

  “Never mind,” he grunted. “Bolo—
thigh—just a scratch. The next time

you come up, my brown brother-

They’d have got me if you’d been a sec-
ond later with your shots. They were
just coming over the bank—Look out!"

  He’d caught sight of Amigo, but I
gripped his rifle and shoved it down.
“He’s all right,” I said. "Came with
me- There it goes!”

  It was call to arms. I could imagine
the scramble in the tents, the grabbing
in the dark for shoes and rifles and
bayonets and what-not, the lazy ones
who’d have to be pulled out of their
bunks, the excitable ones who’d got
the wrong accouterments, the wise
ones who’d come out half equipped,
sure it was a drill, and not a real
alarm. As it wras they’d have time
to straighten up. But if it hadn’t
been for Amigo’s last-minute repentance
and the Malanaos had found them in
their bunks—well, even now, I'd rather
not think of what would have happened
to them.

  There were no more black spots in
the water. The Malanaos, having passed
us, were leaving it, taking to the cause-
way. We could hear them scrambling
up the bank. Of a sudden, there was a
single yell, then a chorus of them.

  “I wonder,” said the sentry, “are we
out of it, or ain’t we? If we are-”

  My rifle answered him. I’d heard
just the faintest rustling ahead, and by
straining my eyes I could make out
something moving. But at the sound
of my shot the moving something leaped

upright, and four others with it, and
they came down upon us side by side,
in a rush.

  I got one man, the sentry another,
and then I heard a whir and a thud,
and the sentry slumped down on his
face, the bolo that had struck his head
glancing off behind him. I fired point-
blank, and the third native crashed
down almost at my feet. But there
were two left, and one was right upon
me, his bolo arm darting out and up
from his side. I leaped inside his
stroke, and heard the bolo whistle down
behind me as I caught him around the
body.

  Then I knew they had me, and he
knew it, too, for his arms closed on me.
As we whirled I could see the other
Malanao whirling with us, looking for
an opening. I got one glimpse of
Amigo, and my last hope died, for his
hands were empty, his bolo still in its
sheath.

  I tried to use the native’s body as a
shield, but suddenly he twisted and I
knew I was exposed. I threw myself
forward, tripping him, and we fell to
the ground. But he was on the bottom,
I on top, and he held me so, with the
whole length of me open for the stroke
of the other’s bolo.

  I wraited for it, quivering; but it
didn’t come. Instead, I heard the sound
of a surprised snarl, and of a tearing
up of earth, and then heavy, dragging
steps, mixed with a regular torrent of
angry words. I twisted my head around
and saw Amigo, with the other Ma-
lanao struggling like a wild cat in his
arms, standing at the edge of the
causeway. He braced himself, gave a
great heave, and his load shot into the
water. Then he turned, came back to
where I was still wrestling with my
slippery foe, and stood silent, looking
down on us. He’d do no more for me.

  As it happened, though, I didn’t need
his help. Singly, my native was no
224

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

match for me. I could’ve killed him, or
I could've taken him prisoner; but I
did neither. He followed the other into
the water, and I could hear them strik-
ing out for the jungle, and felt, some
way, no temptation to send a shot after
them.

  All this time the air had been filled
with the rattling of rifle fire, and I
hadn’t been too much occupied to feel
the chill of two bullets as they ripped
past close to my head. Now came a
regular storm of them, and I realized
that the whole detachment must be fir-
ing straight down the causeway. I felt
Amigo’s hand on my arm.

  “My people come back,” he said, and
I thought there was a great sadness in
his voice.

  We were in their path, and there was
only one hiding place. The sentry was
beyond any further hurt, as I knew
from the first touch of him; but I
couldn’t leave his body to be tramped.
I dragged it over the edge of the cause-
way, down to the water’s edge, and
Amigo slipped down beside me. The
next minute there was the pattering of
bare feet above us; the Malanaos were
being driven pell-mell.

  Something came plunging down the
bank, almost upon Amigo. It would

have gone into the water; but he caught
and held it, and I saw that it was a
Malanao, and that his body was as limp
and dead as that other body that lay at
my right. And then, above us, shod
feet followed the bare, and the crackling
rifle fire went on toward the jungle.

  It was a long minute before I spoke,
and then my voice didn’t sound like I
wanted it to. “We can go now,” I said.
I felt Amigo’s body stiffen.

  “I’ll tell the captain what you did,”
I went on. ‘‘He’ll be your friend, same
as me. He’ll send you back to' Manila,

get you very good job. I-”

  Amigo had let loose his hold on the
dead body, and it slipped down into the
water. I stopped, and I knew what he
was going to say before he spoke.

  “You go. Me go other way.”

  “But you can’t,” I- cried. ‘‘They’ll
kill you. That man you let go will tell

them-”

  “Maybe so. But they my people. I
know now. Good-by.” With the last
word he followed his dead into the
water.

  And I, lying there with my own dead
beside me, was sorry to see him go, and
yet glad; and whether I was more glad
than sorry or the other way about is a
thing I've never been able to decide.

WHAT THE BOOK SAYS

A/l AJOR J. J. Dickinson is an official of the state department in Washington,
and a Kentucky gentleman of the highest order. Having been born in the
good old days, he is fully alive to the value of any well-bred person having behind
him a long line of distinguished ancestors.

    One day his son Julian was reading a book about inventions.

    “I wonder who invented the typewriter,” observed Julian, turning over the
pages.

    “I’ll tell you who invented the typewriter, suh,” said the major, with great
dignity. "That book won’t tell you. Those infernal books are always wrong.
But the man who invented the typewriter was my uncle and guardian, Colonel
R. T. P. Allen. That’s the inventor of the typewriter. Now look in your darned
old book. What does it say ?”

    “It says Colonel R. T. P. Allen,” Julian informed him.

    “Fine!” approved the major. “Let me have that book. I’ll bet it’s the
best book I ever read.”
d/

IF you have never been to a moving-
* picture show, you might as well go
at once—for go you will sooner or later,
and it's worth while going now and then.
But, unless you want to lose in energy
and ambition, don’t get into the habit of
it. If you feel, however, that you have
too much vitality, that your brain is too
keen and active, that you have too much
enterprise, that you are generally too
stirring and successful and getting ahead
of other people all the time—then by
all means go to the movies every night,
get to be a regular “movie” fan, con-
sider a new production at your favorite
theater more important than the destruc-
tion of a city or the opening of a great
waterway. Do this and you will be giv-
ing other ambitious and deserving peo-
ple a better chance in the life struggle.
You will surely become a humdrum, con-
tented, and, after a while, rather unin-
teresting citizen. There are other kinds
of dope besides the things the druggists
refuse to sell without a prescription,
and the movies in excess is one of the
least harmful and efficacious.

a a

T'HE trouble with the movies is that
' they can’t talk. We know enough
already of the history of the world to
know that language is the thing that
counts. It was the ability to speak a
few gutturals that picked out some
family of apes to be the ancestors of
mankind. Everything facjes and perishes
but the written language. It expresses
ideas which music cannot do, it records
actions in time where sculpture and
painting fail. It gives us everything of
life through the medium of the brain
and the imagination. An idealistic litera-

ture is the sure foundation of mental
and material development. Shakespeare
and Milton set free the minds of men so
that the great discoveries in material
science in the centuries that followed
them became possible. Stories and poems
are the things that arouse the minds and
imaginations of men, that stir the intel-
lect to activity, that create in humans
that divine discontent that makes ad-
vancement and progress possible and in-
evitable. And the poems and the stories
must be of the romantic, idealistic type
or they have none of the divine stimulus
in them. Realism may be a good an-
tiseptic or corrective against idealism
that is false or spoiled, but in itself
realism is barren and can produce noth-
ing. The movies are realism gone mad,
or, which is quite as bad, realism carried
to its logical conclusion. You see every-
thing on the screen, the actual yacht,
which takes fire and burns before your
eyes, the hero as he plunges into gen-
uine water—you can see the splash and
the spray—and swims off. The trouble
with the movies is that all the non-
essentials are there, but the essentials
are not. It is the soul of the hero that
counts, not his appearance as he jumps
into the water, but what he is thinking.
You can see an urchin take a dive at
the foot of any dock, but what your
hero feels and thinks can only be told
in words.

9 9

WE have no doubt at all that the
novel, “At the Moon Trail’s End,”
which appears complete in the next issue
of The Pouplar, would make a splendid
six-reel picture. There’s enough action
in it, enough thrill, enough breathless
and exciting incident. If you want an
A CHAT WITH YOU—Continued.

ideal character for an adventurous story
on the screen, we can think of no one
better or more interesting than Bob Cor-
rigan, tlie central figure in the novel.
We know of 110 actor, however, no mat-
ter howr accomplished, who can make
Bob seem as real and alive to us as
William Slavens MacNutt, the author,
does in the pages of his novel. It is
quite likely that “At the Moon Trail’s
End” will appear soon either as a play
or a picture play, but we confess that
for our part we prefer it as a novel.
If a man reall}- knows how to write, if
he has something big to say and some-
thing interesting to describe, it is ten
times more satisfactory and stirring to
read what he writes than to look at any
pantomimic representation. If a story
interests you and absorbs jour attention,
it is a good story, but if it does a little
something more than that—if it stirs
your blood and wakens a new life and
energy in you. it is a little better than
good. The reading of "At the Moon
Trail’s End” will give you more genuine
thrills than watching any picture ever
w ill, because it lias in it something of
the soul of life which is infinitely more
interesting and precious than its outward
and visible form,

*	a

ANOTHER case in point is the story
called “The Projectile,” written by
Edwin Balmer and also in the next issue
of The Populak. It would be possible
to give some idea of this story in a
photo play, but all the intimacy, all the
finer understanding would be gone. You
would be able to see the dash of the
aeroplane against the Zeppelin, you
might get some idea of the line of gray
battleships stretched in a great crescent
across the gray North Sea, you might
see the hero’s wild plunge as he is
thrown from the soaring plane and
plunges into the deep between tile bat-
tling fleets. But you can get no idea,

save through the medium of the printed
word, of the feelings and emotions of
the American and of the strange per-
sonality of the girl who has assumed
command of the aeroplane and whose
will for a moment or so dominates the
whole scone of battle. No one can read
either of these stories without feeling a
certain wholesome stimulus, without be-
ing a little more alive and awake for the
experience. And of the many great
services that literature does, this is one
of the mos* important.

a a

\A 1 E have given as instances just twro
items from the table of contents
of the next issue of Tin: Populak, but
if we had space we co'ild give a dozen.
Helen van Campen’s great story of
Alaska, “Split the Wind.” is worth a
page advertisement in itself. Leavitt
Ashley Knight’s wonderful story of Ara-
bian adventure, “The Arm of As-
Sanusi,” is so vivid, so powerful in the
impressions it conveys as to leave a last-
ing effect on any one who reads it. The
third installment of “The Conflict” is by
far the best part of the story yet pub-
lished and gives a tremendous and mov-
ing picture of the present war in Europe.
W illiatn H. Hamby’s st'iry, ‘‘When Law-
yers Disagree,” is such an intimate,
quaint, and shrewd presentment of
American life as to be worth a sec-
ond reading, and A. M. Chisholm's story,
"The Peacemaker,” is a picture of the
Canadian Northwest and of the iron men
who are blazing the trail through our
newest wilderness tint 110 American,
i.hether Canadian or otherwise, can af-
ford to miss. There’s another Canadian
story by Theodore Goodridge Roberts,
and a remarkable sto-y of the sea by
Morgan Robertson. Altogether, the next
number of T:if. Popular is a genuine
mental tonic, guaranteed under the pure-
fiction law and warranted to have 110 bad
after effects.
■III/' 1\>PI'1 A P UAilAZlXli AlH'ER'l 1SER

Five Real Christmas Bargains

WE PAY ALL MAIL OR EXPRESS CHARGES

Out4 Catalogue

   Our beaulllully illustrated Catalogue
 is the luryest wearing apparel cata-
 logue issued in New York City. It con-
 tains thousands of illustrations and
 descriptions ol the latest New York
 styles in ladies’ suits, ladies' dresses,
 ladies’ skirts, ladies’ waists, ladies’
 coats, misses’ and children’s wear,
 ladies* lingerie, hosiery, colored petti-
 coats, corsels, sweaters, neckwear, un-
 derwear, shoes, gloves, iniilinery, baby
 clothes, men's and boys’ clothing and
 furnishings, lace curtains, rubber
 goods, hair goods, linens, toys and
 phonographs. Send lor a copy to-day.
 Mailed FKEE on request.

For a Christmas Gift!

A STYLISH CREPE DE CHINE WAIST
IN A PRfcTTY HOLIDAY BOX.

   If you can't decide what to give
 Her for Christmas, here is a solution
 of your difficulty. No woman can
 have too many waists, and a
 dressy, stylish, up-to-date Crepe de
 Chine Blouse like this one will de-
 light the heart of any well-dressed
 woman. It's a bargain at this price.
 9D1‘>9Ct—A Stylish Blouse Waist,
 £ftll££'9 11, ;ii 11 ■ (>1' a I >i1,11111 t i11 (iuality
 A !1-mIk C ’i «■ | M* do t 'him1. Th-‘ front is
 lasleltilly embroidered in Moral vpirivs
 to mail'll color of material. 15Ioiim* is

 Our Special Holiday Service

   If you wish us lo send your pur-
 chase as a present to some other
 person, we will gladly do so, and will
 see that all price marks, etc., are re-
 moved from the article you select.
 We will also enclose your card If de-
 sired. When you buy from us, you
 are assured of Promptf Efficient
 Service* We have engaged a large
 force of extra help tor the holi-
 day business and we will take care
 that our customers are not disap-
 pointed by delays.

 29 R 333
 Scarf
 $4.75

‘JQDOO'J Novelty Animal Shawl Scarf, o! solt.

          warm, lustrous Belgian Corny Fur.
This scurf measures 10 inches in width and is tin-
lsbed in tri|dc tab effect. each side having* three
tabs, uiit* trimmed with silk cord, ornament and
tassel, the center tab with animal head and the
third with tail. Scarf is »i4 inches in length. It is
lined with guaranteed satin and (ran be furnished
in black or dark brown. Please state Q/t HC

color desired when ordering*......................O

           -Large Semi-Barrel Muff, of BHs'inn
 Coney Fur to match Scarf 2011333. This
 niuir has larqre tab edj^ed with plaited satin,
 trimmed with sitk cord ornament and tassel. Tab
 fastens with eord loop and silk braid button. 3Lay
 be umuI as pocket. Mull' is lined with tin*' quality
 srnin and has shirred satin ends and sillt wrist
 c-unl. 11 measures 18x14 niches. Comes in gioss> Jft
 black or a beaut ifn 1 shade of dark brown. tei

29R334

 cut ill a V at the nook whore there nre
 chie pointed rev< is, Jt fa-tens -\-i.^ilji>■
 in front with fhncv buttons, and on
 each side of the closing is a row of
 lieinstiU'liiiii!'. A nothci- attractive feat-
 urc is tin* standing roll Hobes'pierre
 col I nr of (’repo <le ("hi ih\ which is lie Id
 hi place by silk moire ribbon. Tho
 front of waist lias a yoke effect, tunned
 l>,v a cording ol' (‘rope de Chine, and a,
 similar (‘ordiujr .joins the full length
 sleeves to the body of waist. The
 sleeves end in corded turnback cuffs,
 This extremely attractive ldmise wilL
 be sent to yon packed in a very attrac-
 tive holiday bo.N, all ready for Christ-
 mas ltiorniii^, Colors: Iraek, while,
 iui\’y blue or llesh color (an oxoni>ite
 shade of pale pink). Sizes ‘.V2 to !-l bust
 dm asiire. Speci I Holiday Price, All
 Mail or Express Charges
 Paid by Us.................

 29R388

 Scarf

 $4.25

 $2.98

 29R334

 Muff

 $4.50

 ends,

29R389A

 ••ether, lllaek or brown-.

Special Price, for Set of Scarf 29R:W8
and Muff 29113H9 if bought to-	()£

 29R389

 Muff

 $4.25

We Pay All Mall or
Express Charges
to Your Town

Bellas Hess &_(d

WASHINGTON. MORTON A. BARROW STS

NEW YORK CITY. N.Y

We Guarantee to Please
You or Refund Your
Money

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

i

   Two dollars a DAY

  Which will it be ? The difference is only a matter of
training. The man who works with his hands will
always be an order-taker. He will take orders from
the man who knows how to use his brains.

  What’s ahead of you ? Are you going to be an order-giver or
an order-taker ? Are you going to be paid for what your brains
know or for what your muscles can do ?

  The International Correspondence Schools can qualify you to be
an order-giver. They can help you to a better job by giving you
the training that the better job requires. They can help you to
earn more money. They can help you to a more congenial position
and send you to your work in the morning chock full of ambition
and determination.

  Mark the coupon TOD A Y and enlist the /. C. S. on YOUR side.
Let them tell you how you can fit yourself for success in the
kind of work you like most. Let them show you how you can
become a TRAINED man at small expense, through a course
of spare-hour study and without loss of time from your present
occupation.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
or two dollars an HOUR?

  All of your opportunities are still ahead of you. Make
sure that you’ll be ready when they arrive.

  For 24 years the I. C. S. have been aiding men just like you to
rise to positions where salaries are larger and opportunities greater.
Every month more than 400 men of all occupations voluntarily
report better jobs and more
money as a result of I. C. S.

£

l

1

i

i

1 rinteYnati onal-gorrTspondencF schools"!

training.

 Mark the Coupon

  Successful men in every city
and every town trace their suc-
cess to the day they marked
the coupon.

  If you want to earn more
money, mark the coupon op-
posite the occupation that
interests you most and mail it
to-day.

Bo* 868 SCRANTON. PA.

 Explain, without further obligation on my part, how
 I can qualify for the position before which I mark X

    Salesmanship
    Electrical Engineer
    Elec. Lighting Supt.
    Electric Car Running
    Electric Wireman
    Telephone Expert
    Architect

    Building Contractor
    Architectural Draftsman
    Structural Engineer
    Concrete Construction
    Meehan. Engineer
    Mechanical Draftsman
    Refrigeration Engineer
    Civil Engineer
    Surveyor

    Mine Superintendent
    Metal Mining
    Locomotive Fireman & Eng.
    Stationary Engineer
    Textile Manufacturing
    Gas Engines

Civil Service
Railway Mail Clerk
Bookkeeping
Stenography,*: Typewriting
Window Trimming
S'how Card Writing
Lettering- & Sign Fainting
Advertising
Commercial llTnstratlng
Industrial Designing
Commercial Law
Automobile Running
Teacher

English Branches
Good English for Every One
Agriculture
Poultry Farming
Plumbing & Steam Fitting
Sheet Worker

Navigation	Spuuish

Languages	French

Chemist	German

Name-

Present Occupation^
Street and No, _

| City.	-----

 ate*

 . State.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVLRT1SF.R

Get This Gun Book!

    Know the right
    gun to buy

                A ■well-made gun lasts a life-time. It pays to be particular—
                buy the right gun!

Buy a. 2/Janf/si! For 45 years the	has been the thoroughbred in sporting fire-

        arms, We make high-grade repeaters only —up-to-date guns at moderate prices—splendjd repeat-
        ing rifles and shotguns in so many calibres, gauges and styles, you have a wide choice of guns for any
        branch of shooting. They all have the modem solid-top, side-ejecting safety construction ; and the deep,
        clean-cut Ballard rifling is famous for its wonderful accuracy.

        Buy t*i p riglif-	! It takesonly a few days to get thl si 28-pa£e book into which we have put that

        practical information on guns and gunning which you need in buying a gun. Then it’s easy to select ex-
        actly theone best gun for you* Send us 3 stamps postage today—you get the book by return mail.

        _Illustration shows a THarZln lever-action repeater for big game. All popular calibres..

       TTZtZr/ln Repeating Rifles and Shotguns—a gun for every purpose.

yf/cu’/i/i firearms Co.	® Willow Street,	Haven, Conn.

DIARY	January IS, MU.

       "T	to T’nli's liMUoe <1 v#*r on

    tin* Tumi’ikf. la-t JiU'ht. and ^ <:
    jihtycil ar h:i c	n mu. Although he

    pinyri Imt iii'lifT<T»*:ir!y well, tin;

        u ;is ;> pleasant one—aidfd by u
    bi'l I h: ul jillO

Old Overholt Rye

“Stinte for 100 years'’

    It has satisfied and warmed the
hearts of connoisseurs since the
early days of the Nation.

   Made of purest mountain
water and the best of sun-
ripened grain. Aged in the
wood and bottled in bond,

A. OVERHOLT & CO.

Pittsburgh, Pa.

DEAFNESS

 SUCCESSFULLY TREATED

By the Simplest Method Yet Discovered

  Ninety-five per cent of the cases of deafness brought
to our attention are the result of chronic catarrh of the
throat and middle ear. The air passages become closed
by catarrhal deposits, .stopping the action of the vibratory
bones. Until these deposits are removed relief is impos*

sible. The inner ear can-
not be reached by prob-
inyor spruy inir,hencetlie
inability of specialists
to always .quve relief.
Neither can ear drums
cure deafness. That
there is a s u c c e s s f u 1
t rea inu'iit for d e a f n e ss
a and catarrh is demon-
rated every day by the
use of “Actina.” 'I'he
vapor generated in the
‘■‘Actiua’’ passes ihrou^h
the K ustachian Lube s
into the middle ear, re-
moving the catarrhal
obstr uc t ions and loosens
^	up the bones (lianuiier,

       rheDrum; H+ Hammer; anvil and stirrup) in the
A* Anvil; S. Stirrup, S.('. Stmi~ inner ear, making them
circular Canals; C* Cochlea* respond to the vibrations

                              of sound. “Ac'tina” is
also very successful iu relieving ringing noises in the
head. We have known people afflicted wi’ih this distress-
ing trouble for years to be relieved by a few w eel s’ use.
“Actina” has also been very successful in the treatment
of hay fever, asthma, bronchitis, sore throat, weak
lungs, colds, headache and other troubles that are di-
rectly or indirectly due to catarrh. “Aetina” can be
used with perfect safety bv evcrv member of the familv
tor any affliction of the ear, throat or head. A FRKK
'TRIAL of the “Actina” is i-iven in every ense. Send for
our FREK TRIAL offer and valuable FREK HOOK.
Address Actina Appliance Co., Dept. <,«>]■>, 811 Walnut
St., Kansas City, Mo.

36273

$150 ^ }

36034 $45. m

PU;36030 $25.

^'■imiii^y ^1,1^

 36043 ^>(J-„,
 §100. ^■ -4-

20%=I0^

DOWN MONTHLY

DIAMONDS ON CREDIT

 SAVE money on your diamonds, watches and jewelry by
 buying from our new Catalogue de luxe, which explains
 our easy payment system. We are Importers and guarantee
 you every advantage in price and quality. 20% DOWN
 and 10% MONTHLY. Guarantee certificate with each
 diamond. Full credit allowed on exchange. Transactions
 strictly confidential. Write today for Catalogue Number 17.

I W SWF FT Jtr CCi 2 and 4 MAIDEN LANE

1-1. TT , O TV LiL, 1 (X CVJ. NEW YORK CITY

 36184
 SlOO.

36071 $55.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
   The readers of the magazine may write to this department about any problem of dress.
Every question will be promptly answered, provided that a stamped, self-addressed
envelope is enclosed.

thing

^ONTRAST, not harmony, is the
^ spice of dress. It is surprising
how many men fall into the error of
dressing in a single color under the im-
pression that this is smart. It is many
removes from being smart or even
pleasing.

  A brown suit, brown-striped shirt,
brown neckscarf, brown hat, brown
gloves, and brown boots create a mo-
notony of color which is negative and
insipid. Your dress needs “high lights”
to throw it into relief, and these are
supplied by contrasting colors, as brown
with green and
gray with purple.

The o n1y
to consider about a
hat is to get a
shape that becomes
y o u r h e a d and
face. If you do
this, your stock
will go up several
points with your-
self. M any men
wear a hat that
would look capital
on somebody else.

That “it’s the latest
style” seems but a
period after the
matter, regardless
of whether the hat
suits the type.

 All wrong!

Fashion in hats is
a protean affair. It
can assume almost
any shape it
chooses, and it’s

right if it’s becoming. The new silk
hat for 1914-1915 has a tallish crown,
slightly belled, and a very narrow silk,
not felt, ribbon. It is worn well over
the forehead instead of tilted upward.

  It’s a “smart” shape, if it suits your
face. If it doesn't, stick to something
less audacious, for a silk hat is “the fly
in the ointment” of many a man whose
dress is otherwise impeccable.

  Many of the fashionable sack coats

V*\

The Latest Developmei
THE rOPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Xmas

1014

Shirley
President
Suspenders

For Christmas

5°

A pair for every suit makes
a man’s whole year merry—
saves time and temper every
time he dresses. Try it and
see! The 12 beautifully de-
signed boxes add the final
touch to an ever>welcome
gift. Atstores or prepaid,50c.

“Satisfaction or money back”

Be sure “Shirley President” is on buckles
THE €. A. EDiJARTON MFG. €0.

SHIRLEY, MASS.

shirts cut lunger than those of still
shirts, since the limp fabric is very
prone to catch in the coat lining and
creep up the wrist. Then you are for-
ever playing hide and seek with your
cuffs.

  A coat fresh from the tailors should
be worn buttoned a full week; that is,
every button should be fastened. This
lets your coat curve to the hills and the

Picturesque Winter Sport “Rig.”

hollows of the figure, and makes it
wrinkle in the right place. After that,
you will have no trouble with it.

  London has reinstated the frock coat.
It is worn with a double-breasted white
waistcoat and black trousers, silk-
striped in white. The fashionable neck-
scarf is a cross between the “puff'’ and
the flat Ascot or coaching cravat.

  “Spats" are more modish than ever.
They are put on over low-cut, not high-
cut, patent shoes, and should be in a
shade to tally with one’s neckscarf and
gloves.

  A new silk hat for afternoon dress
has a scooped or concave brim and a
very belled crown, instead of the coni-

vlien answering advertisements.
77/77 POPULAR MAGAZINE ADl’ERTISER

Get Rid of
 Gun Fear

These War Times Demand It

    EVF.RY gim-sliy mother and every gun-shy daughter should get rid of gun
    fear. ^specially in tiie^e limes, which make idlers, which in turn muke
    more Imr^hirs and more brute*. For who knows when the”, left alone,
    may hear the brute monster's knock at the Kick. door. Or who can tell
    when the dreaded burglar, knowing them to be alone, may Hash the terror of
    his light and mask and gun in their helpless faces.

    Out into the hack lot wit.i your family and a harmless Savage today.
    When they discover its eas aim cracking ten light ling shots into the hull's
    eye watch their gun fear change into shooting enthusiasm; their gun hate to
    gun affection; their burglar and their brute terror to haughty indifference. In
    other words, watch them get rid of gun fear.

    The Savage shoots two to four more shots than any other automatic; shoots
    only one shot per trigger pull, but shoots as fast as you can crook your finger,
    and is as harmless as a e it around the house, because a toifeh or a look tells
    whether it is loaded or empty.

    (jet a Savage and get your family “gun-broke’'1 in the back lot toda\. Or
    at least send for iree booklet.

  SAVAGE ARMS CO., 9412 SAVAGE AVE., UTICA, N, Y.

 Aims E a s Y
 As Pointing
 Your Fingi-.r

 A Brand

 New Savage Rifle!

 This .22 Tubular Re-
 peater has all the original
 Savage features — ham-
 merle-.s trombone action.

top, side ejection,
circular.

etc. Price $12.00,

THE

SAVAGE AUTOMATIC

DO YOU WANT TO KNOW

TO DEVELOP

ENERGY, ENDURANCE,

HOW

 VITALITY.

NERVE STRENGTH, MUSCULAR
STRENGTH, PERFECT PHYSIQUE?

 ^ My FREE BOOKS, “The ‘WhyV of Exercise” and
 “The First and Last Law of Physical Culture/’ tell you, if
 you are weak or underdeveloped, how to grow strong; if
 strong, how to grow stronger. 1 hey explain how to develop
 the lungs and muscle, the strong heart and vigorous digestion
 —in short, how to improve health and strength internally as
 w* II as externally. Send TO-DAY—NOW—for these
 FREE BOOKS. Enclose 4c. in stamps to cover postage.

PROF. H. W. TITUS

 56-58 Cooper Sq. Dept. 26 New York City

^Q1„CID ______ made $r>3 first week. Many earning big money. Anyone can

learn by my patented Tune-a-Phone, home study method, „ Musical ear and
training unnecessary. Course absolutely practical and scientific -no guesa
work—guaranteed as represented. . Splendid chance in every town to estub-
li.sh permanent business. Send for illustrated book, graduates records, etc.
NILES BRYANT SCHOOL OF PIANO TUNING f>2 Institute Bldg, Battle Creek, Mich,

Daniels. Kan.,

Pay asYouWish '

 We j! send you a jrenmne Lacnmte ior you
 to wear for 10 full day*. If you can tell it
 from a real diamond Send it bark at our CJJvense.
 Costs but	as much, If you decide to keep it

  pay only a few cents a month, \\ i ire tor catalog.

Genuine Lachnite Gems

  keep their dazzling fire forever Set in solid gold.
  Cat by world renowned diamond cut lers. Will stand
  fire and acid tests. All kind» of jewelry at astound-
  ing low prices. Easy payment.-*. WRITE TODAY*

  H. Lachman Co.. 12 N. Michigan Ay.. Chicago Deni n <9

 1914

  fflotlel

New

 Motorcycle

Type

    Remarkable new improvements make the 1914 “Arrow" a
 positive wonder for speed* comfort and easy riding. Latest
 Kajylc easy motorcycle paddle—New Departure conster brake—
 epeeial motorcycle pedal*—motorcycle hsmdhars with long- rub-
 ber jrrips—importer! anti-friction chain—reinforced motorcycle
 frame—beautiful finish. All sizes for boys, men and women.

 Write today for the low direct offer wo
 are makinc on the splendid Arrow bicycle.
 Get our free catalog. A ntnall amount
 down brings you the Arrow—pay for it while you ride—alittle each month.
 M/rrfo TAffaU Do it now, and we wilt send you details? of the remark-
 HI ILC I UildJ able new machine and bed rock oiler.Send today sure*

Arrow Cycle Co. Sff&ffjyWL Chicago, III.

Wonderful Offer

/AA1 OSWJD Si

 ’tcris* •
 CREEMf

 Our Handsome 160 Page Catalog; Over 3300 Illustrations

 contains all the new popular styles in Jewelry. Beautiful Diamonds.'Artistie
 Solid Gold and Platinum Mountings, Also many other exquisite things suitable
 for Gifts for all occasions, as well as personal wear. Select anything desired and let u« send it to you
 on Approval at our expense. If satisfactory, send us One*f'tth of the purchase price as first pay-
 munt. Balance divided in Eight eouai amounts, payable monthlv.

JEST'D	1896	Big Bargains in Watches.

  AMES DERCMAN Dep1. B-1 1 4 37*30 i

Write for Catalog to-day.
den Lane, New York City.

Please mention this maprnziiu' when nnswering advertisements.
I HE t’uJ'L'E.iR MAuA/AXE API 'EM I.^ER

cal crown to which Frenchmen and
Americans have been tolerant.

  Thick watch chains are no longer the
fashion. One wears a thin, fine-linked
gold chain. This should not stretch
taut across between the lower pockets
of the waistcoat, but should arch in the
center.

  Pins are only correct in neckscarfs
like the Ascot, which cannot be held in
place without them. They should not be
worn with lounge suits.

  Since collars were out with open-
spaced, rounded-off fronts, the waist-
coat openings were lowered, neckscarfs
had to be broadened to let them be
pulled up right and tight. An innova-
tion is the “four-in-hand puff.”

  This is made with a longish, narrow
knot and very broad, puffed aprons that
are flipped out from the shirt with a
marked bulge. The effect is midway
between that of a four-in-hand and the
Ascot.

  To get this “carefully careless”
bulge or flip to your scarf, it should be
pinned up underneath. A small gold
safety pin serves admirably and will
not become undone.

  Figured designs—traceries, vine and
leaf patterns, “splash" treatments, and
the like are more fashionable in neek-
scarfs than stripes, which have staled
from excessive use, though they are in
no wise outmoded.

  Evening suits are now seldom worn
in plain patterns, hut rather in bird’s-
eye, basket-weave, diminutive check,
and crisscross designs so loomed that
artificial light throws them into clearer
relief.

  If you dance much, the weight of
your evening suit makes an appreciable
difference between comfort and an in-
voluntary Turkish bath.

  If you dance little or not at all,
heavier fabrics are preferable, because
they keep shape better—sleeves are not
so prone to rumple, trousers don’t “kick
up” behind, and the like.

  In the present season tailoring of a
“smart’’ evening coat all the softness is
put into the lapels and tails which are
made as crushable as a handkerchief.
The chest and body are kept tolerably
firm to drape well and ward off
wrinkles.

Beacnash.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.

Play Billiards at Home

 Under our easy payment plan> the expense is scarcely
 noticeable. You will be surprised to find how easily you
 can own a Burrowes Billiard and Pool Table. No special
 room is needed. The table can be mounted on dining
 or library table or on its own legs or stand and quickly
 set aside when not in use.

*1— DOWN TRIAL

 Prices are from $15 up, on easy terms of $1 or more
 down and a small amount each month. Sizes of Tables
 range Up to 4*^x9 ft. (standard). Balls, cues, etc., free.

BURROWES

Billiard and Pool Tables

are scientifically built.

Many leading experts use them
for home practice.

Send for Illustrated Catalog

It conlains free trial offer, priccs, lerms.
testimonial^ rom owners, order blank»etc.

THE E. T, BURROWES CO.

113 Spring St.	Portland, Me.

BIRTHDAY and CHRISTMAS

RINGS $2

ALL SETTINGS

SET IN SOLID GOLD

GUARANTEED

                 A stone for each month of the year.

                      Makes SpJendid Gift for Mother. Wife, Sister or
                      Sweetheart—aisoin Special Mountings for Men Folks,
                      SPnd $2.00 bill in envelope, give circumference of
                      flnKt*r end im-ntion month person was born. If in
                      April, v-c send Imitation piamond, which can’t be told
                      from genuine, except by exptrig.

                        Kinjf ccmes neatly packed in case. If potsatisfac-
                        tory, return tki« ring and we return your money.
                        St-*nd today, or for more information, ask for Sam-
                        ple Card Sot of Rings and full line Jewelry and Sil-
                        verware. All Gold at manufacturer's prica. Address

                        WESTERN WATCH CO.* Chicago Office, I417 Csnwaj Bldg.

CORNET FREE!

 Vfe guarantee to teach you to play by mail and will give you
 a Beautiful Cornet or any Hand ln>trument absolutely FREE.
 You pav weekly as lessons are taken. Instrument is sent
 with first lesson. Graduates in ever-.- state. Hundreds of
 enthusiastic testimonials. Write to-day for
 our booklet and wonderful tuition offer.

International Cornet School

 44 Federal St., • • Boston, Mass.

Build Bodily Strength

And Mental Vigor
Guaranteed Results in 30 Days

 Write for mv KUFF, H00K 1 PHYSIOLOGICAL
 EXKIU’ISES.” Tells hnw exercising' with my
 sy-tem ten minutes ?i d:iv will improve youi
 health and vitality, internally and externally.
 It tells you how to build a constitution that
 •will defy c-olds and illness, that will trive you
 ninseular power. pure blood, perfect ciigvstion.
 a strong heart and lunpfs. Send 4c. in stamps
 to cover po^ta^c.

The Henry Victor System

 14-16 Fourth Ave.. Pept. ‘24 New York
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Just out! Write for it—mailed free. Won-
derful values in unredeemed pledges. We took them
as security for money we loaned. Now we are sell-
ing1 them at amazing low prices—only a fraction of
their original cost—to get our money
back. Send the coupon today—now.

Yon save
as much as
Vl or more
our expired loans in fine dia-
monds and watches. Our customers’
letters prove it. The pledges on which loans have now
expired consist of high-grade diamond rings, diamond pins,
diamond brooches and other diamond jewelry and watches,
etc. We list them with pictures and full descriptions in our new Bnrgniin
Bulletin. Send for it. Just note these wonderful values from our bargain list.

Evilil'fkrl I A9ne Don’t wait till the bargain
twflll3 yOU want is gone. We have un-
redeemed diamonds now inalisizes, but their number is limited—hardly two

alike. Remember, these offers are made by
one of the oldest and most responsible fi rms
in the United States in this business
Rating over $750,000.00. Over 60 years in
one location. Read these startling offers.

No. 247521. ?—J

feet cut
twin rinj?. Try to match at
$125. Guaranteed cash loan
$55. Unredeemed price

sea. wi II rmnunt in ear-
rincs at same price.

Diamonds - The Ideal Gifts

—Diamonds, the finest and most sought
after of all precious stones — are ideal
pifts for all purposes. Tlicir beauty and
fire never dims. They increase in value
;is the years g-o by. Everybody knows
they can be turned into ready ensh if a
time of need evor comes, Our guaranteed
cash foan plan specifically provides for this.

ft*. 328974. 19-JeweIed adjusted R. W. Raymond
(Elgin) Railroad Watch in serviceable case. Prime

brand new condition. Iry to match at $35.00. $15.65

Free Examination

No. 243876. i1,.—let.

full cut genuine diamond of
fine color and genuine pearls
in magnificent solid ifold
Lavalliere, solid Bold chain.
Try to match at J15 to $20.
Picture 1-3 actual eize. Un-
redeemed price......$7.50

 No. 276859..7 fine quality

 blue-white diamonds re-
 mounted from unredeemed
 jewels in up-to-date Bcarf
 pin. Try to match at $4&.
 Unredeemed price . $21.25

 You need not buy. Examine first. We
 ship any article express prepaid. Keep
 it if satisfied or send it back at our expense.

  No obligations whatsoever.

Write Today

/

 letin.

No. 331419. 8 - A kt.

kt«	-i_n	weight of this very beautiful

No. 32o547. 1 iii kt.Dia2* blue-white perfect cut qual-
nificent blue-white perfectly genuine diamond In 14-'
cut quality diamond. Try to kt. j?cld ring-. Trytomatch
match in this platinumcrown at $50 to $60. Guaranteed
ring1 at $260. Guaranteed cash loan $25. Unredeemed

cash lean $125. Unre- price..............—.331.15

deemed price—........ $150 In Lady's Rinf......$30.00.

 Send the coupon or a postal will do. Simply say “Send your New Bargain y
 Bulletin.” Get first choice of the amazing bargains in Expired Loans. J

aT Address.

Jos.DeRoy&Sons

                                                                 1149 DeRoy Building
                                                                 Smlthfiefd St.Pittsburgh, Pa.

                                            ^ You may send me, without
                    Send now for our	expense or obligation on my

r>	Dart, yonr Free Bar era in

                  _ new Bargain Bui- * Kulletin showing Unredeemed
       We refer by permission to the jT Pledges.

 Farmer’s National Bank, Marine
 National Bank or any Pittsburgh
 newspaper. Over 60 years in the f

same location. Write now. De- # Name......................................................

 lay may mean disappointment.

  JOS. DeROY & SONS Only Opposite Po»tofflc« .♦**

1149 DeRoy Bids. Smlthlleld St. Pittsburgh, Pa. *

                              I
                              I
                              I
                              I
                              I
                              I

 L. BARBER, Pub., R418 30 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago j

 Send me your mime and address rigrlit NOW and I will send
 you Investing for Profit magazine absolutely free for six

 months, it tells how to £-et the utmost earning-s from your
 money—bow to tell g-ood investments — how to pick the
 most prolitable of sound investments. It reveals how
 bankers and capitalists make $1,000 grow to *22,000—in
 faet gives you the vital investing information that should
 enable you to make your money grow proportionately! I
 havL1 decided this month to £ive 500 six month subscriptions
 to Investing for Profit FREE! Every copy is

Worth at Least $1Q

 to every investor—perhaps a fortune. Send your name
 and address now, mention this paper and get a Free intro*
 duotory subscription. Conditions may prevent repeating
 this offer. Better take it now. You’ll be willing1 to pay lOe
 a copy after you have read it six months.

 H. L. BARBER, Pub., R418 30 W. Jackson Blvd., Chicago

400% to 800% Profit in Popcorn—
Crispette and Candy Business

Crowds swarm to buy our Kettle-Popped Popcorn--popped under glass?--
teasoned while potnrinp/—GREAT BIG—CRISP—FLUFrY KERNELS! Corn
pops 26 per cent biraer with the Dellenbar^er machine and 100 per cent bet-
ter product. Our delicious CRISPETTES melt in your mouth. Wonderful new
Automatic Crispette Press is a regular money-mill! Big extra money in candy!

 Complete Course in Candy Making FREE—Easy to Learn

 Write AT ONCE for FREE Catalog, Dew money-making plans, special prices
 and sensational easy payment offer. NOW is the time to start. No experi-
 ence necessary and very little money. Write

A.O. DELLENBARGER CO.,

 2 Bluel St., Joliet, III.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
1'HE POPVLAU MAC.1ZLXE ADVERTISER

Women! Girls!

EARN MONEY

M YFREE BOOK
TELLS HOW

 Hundreds of women who
 wrote for tliis froe book
 are now earning from

$15 to $50 per Week j*

 in a refined profession and

 Cam r>	miwli mnt-n T Vi i t:	:I?TPv

Six. Easy Ways
To Earn Money|

 ! Daniel! rinifb
 8^1

 Facidl
 vldssapc I

 some earn much moro. This
 free book tolls all about
 lieaut y Culture & h<nv I teach
 women in their own homes, by
 mail — to become expert in

Manicuring
Hair Dressing
Marcel Waving
Scalp Treatment
face Massage
Shampooing

 Removal of Superfluous Hair,

 Smoothing out Wrinkles, Re-
 duction of Double Chin of
 Flabbiness, and Skin Beauti-

 fljing arc included in the sub.iccts
 f.u ;ilt \viih in ii( e book Avhich
 uU'.> tells how women arc taujvht
 to make cold creams, massage
 creams, hair tonics, and many
 other toilet preparations which
 can be sold at lar.ire prolits
 through stores and agents.

YOUR OWN BUSINESS

 You ran start „ visitinprprac-
 tice—working by appointment in
 your patrons* homes, or you can
 establish a beauty parlor iti your
 own home. Or learn for your
 own personal benei.it — or earn ,
 for charity.	_ #	I

 Unlimited opportunities for
 women (anva-.ve 1“> to Go) to earn
 Tiionry- Demand for operators
 is ffrowinc every day. Letrions
 of my students quickly establish f
 a lucrat ive pract ice —many start j
 earning money before they have
 praduatenl, Positive guarantee
 given to teach you.

FREE BOOK

 Don’t'Struggle nlonp: in un-
 conii’cnial employment with Ion#
 hours and short pay. Educate
 yourself to do woi k that haa
 little competit ion. Isn’t it better
 to ppond a halt* hour daily and
 qualify yourself to do work that i
 every one else cannot do? Tho j
 field is Uirffe. You will be sur- [
 prised when you see the srreat
 demand for this work in even the
 very small places. Write to-day
 for this free book —a post card
 will do. Address:

ELIZABETH KING,

247 A Station F, New York City.

 NOTE. — Thisis a nrcmd ojiporfztvUy for it'omm who have
 a tittle or nU FjKtre	n‘.7, pr< fifnOte^ refined

 home eijiz>(oijmrut, >b'ee mashalcd/ret book.

Please mention tliis magazine

 impooinglj

 f**

.-A/*/

  _TfrTf2h\
  Arm.

 _

  taking!

  Cosmetics

 V ,

HOW TO KEEP YOUNG

and ATTRACTIVE

A generation of "Fair Women" all over two con-
tinents have proved the wonderful efficacy of

Dr. JAMES P. CAMPBELL’S SAFE ARSENIC COMPLEXION WAFERS

 The Greatest Known Specific for Beautifying the
 Complexion and Developing the Form

 StRtce Beauties, beautiful oif the sta^e, Society
 Ladies, Blu&tiing Brides and Smiling- Dehutnntes,

  whose lovely complexions do not facie with the morn*
  in^ li^ht, know that the secret of their pure and spot-
  less complexion and beauty lines is the magic of these
  blood-1 jnrifyiiiKr. skin-transforming, safe and abso*
  lutely harmless wafers-

      This wurld’f-imo s prescription for the complexion Is
  the most scientific and m rvel us remedv fur all facial
  blemishes, restoring- to Spotless purity anil youthful
  bloom all complexion* marred by pimples, blackheads,
  sallowness, wrinkles, redness or other blemishes on of
  nnd rthe skin, fiO<-ents an 1 fl 00 per box by mail
  in plain cover, on receipt of prii e. from

RICHARD FINK. CO., Dept. 50, 415 Broadway, New York

Every druggist can get Dr, Campbell’# Arwtiio Waf< rsforyou
from hi a icholesnle dealer.

New Invention

BKA.\D XEIV S Kill -IIEATI\G 1HO.Y

                      Saves it^ ro^t every month. Saves miles of
                      walkinu-. Eeoimmiral. safe, convenient. l’s'-d
                      anywhere. Clothes ironed better in half the
                      time. N«> waiting, stoppimr to ehamre irons.
                      Right size, right shape, right weight- Neat,
                      durable. >'o tanks, tiuinys. host* nor vires
                      fdanditi£ nut at sides or baelc to bother. (,'heip
                      fuel—1 cent ordinary ironing. Price h>\v.
                      Sent any where. Not sold in Stores,

                    A ir^JTTC! Make Mono?’ finiek, sure,
                    i & easy. A11 vear business.
                    Sells itself. Exp*-*rii'nce unnecessary.
                    iLvery home a prospect. Alt can afford
                    * it. Kven two or three hhI«*s a day
                    iriv«H $27 to $40 woek profit.

Easy sell six to a dozen a day.

                           Send _no_ money._ Write today for
                           description, Beilin# plan how to

                get free Sample,	i

O. llrown Mfg. Co., 4190 Brown Bldg-,, Cincinnati, O.

                                               LOOK LIKE
                                               01AM0N3S

 Stand acid and fire diamond test. So
 hard they easily scratch a tile and Will
 cut glass. Brilliancy guaranteed 25 years.
 Mounted in 14k solid gold diamond mountings.
 See them before paying. Will send you any style
 ring, pin or stud for examination—all charges pre-
 paid. No money in advance. Money refunded if not satisfactory.
 Write today for free catalog.

WHITE VALLEY GEM CO., 708 Wulsin Bldgr., Indianapolis

W rinkles

                   Thousands bavp successfully used tl)is for-
                   mula to remove t mces of aye,
                   illness or worry; 1 oz, of pure

    Powdered
    SAXOLITE

              dissolved in % pt. witch hazol; use as a
           face wash. The effect is almost magical.

 Deepest wrinkles, crow’s feet, as well as finest lines,
 completely and quickly vanish. Face becomes firm, smoo ll,
 fresh, and you look years younger. No harm to tender' st
 skin. Get genuine Saxolite (powdered) fit anv drug- sto e.

Don’t Wear A Truss

Stuart’s PLAPAO-PADS

                                    are different from the truss, being
                                    medicine applicators made Self-
                                    Adhesive to prevent slipping, and
                                    the resultant chafing: and shifting
                                    of the pad out of place and against
                                    the bone; they nave, therefore,
                                    proven to be an important adjunct
                                    in retaining rupture that cannot
                                    be held by a truss.

No Straps, Buckles or Springs

                                   attached. Soft as velvet — easy to
                                   apply— inexpensive. Awarded
                                   Gold Medal, Romes Grand Prix,
                                   Paris* Old and young have at-
                                   tested under oath that the Plapao-
                                   Pads cured their rupture — some

— ----------- No delay from work. Process of

recovery is natural, so more apt to be permanent. We “show you**
by sending Trial of Plapao absolutely FREE. Write for it today.

PLAPAO CORPORATION. Block 1376 St. Louis, Mo.

when answering advertisements.

                          nrmr-uao
                          mimmtrBM*

                      utiTwnmn

             ll/iMcr/Dnir
 .	_ AOTWOMBWj

        ta, rirAJMorar-

l\|Sv

 iLApao-cerate

 of them most aggravated cases.
TUP. POPULAR MAGAZIXP ADI’PRTISPR

Diamonds

on Credit

            Christmas
   r Presents—Wonderful^
   Bargains. Send for Free Catalog

     This speciaJ selection of Diamond-set jew-
  elry shows the most popular of the season’s
  new mountings. Gorgeously beautiful Dia-
  monds* of fiery brilliancy* set in solid gold or
  platinum. Prices are cut almost to cost. Any
  selection sent on approval, delivery charges pre-
  paid. If satisfied, send one-fifth of the price as
  first payment, balance divided into eight equal
  amounts, payable monthly. If not just what

   you wish, return at our expense. Send for Our Hind-
   tomt 116-Page Illustrated Catalog telling all about
   ur easy credit plan. Over 2*000 suggestions for
   Christmas presents or for personal wear. .All the
   new styles in jewelry—rinffs, studs, scarf pins, ear
   screws, brooches, bracelets, watches, chains,
   wridt watches, silverware, etc. Easy credit
   terms Send for FREE Catalog TODAY.

Watches

on Credit

I0FTIS

 fcl BR0S&C0. ;«Ts^

THE RELIABLE ORIGINAL DIAMOND
AND WATCH CREDIT HOUSE

 O0pf. C845	108 N. &

CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

St«m«1fOilt: Pittsburgh, St. Louis, Omaha

OWN A BUSINESS

        WE WILC HELP YOU.

             “I made $88.1 6 first three day*,” writes Mr. Reed, of
             Ohio. Mr. W(«.(hv;inl niin- $170 a month. Mr. M. L.
             Smith turned out S:i<it in two weeks. K>'V Crawford
             made $7.00 first day. Sit wliat ot hers have done.

       LET US START YOU

                  ti->ld. Silver. Niekel and metal plating. Prof.
                  (.ray's new eleeiro nin.chhie plates on watches.

                     .jewelry, 1 a b leware and melal Roods. 1‘rof. (iray’s
                     New Itoyal Immersion Process latent method.

                               (ieuds eome <»iit instantly with fine
                               ln-iliiaiit. beautiful thiek plate, 2-uru’-
                               anuvd :i t<> 10 yi>. No polishing or
                               Krindinp-. Kvery family, hole!
                               and reslaurant want fomis
                               plat (Hi.

PLATERS HAVE ALL
THEY CAN DO.

                                      People brin^r it. You can hire
  boys 1d do the plal ini:' we
  <!<►. Mrii anil wnm-'ii -•aiti>-r work foi' small per cent. Work is fine
  no way to do Jt better. No experience required, we teach you.
  Recipes, Formulas,Trade Secrets Free, outfits ready for work when
  1-ecei veil. Materia I* cost- abmit ten ecu Is to do SI. 00 wort li of plan Mu'.

  i >ur in*w plan, 1 e^t j nion ia l-;. ei reu l:w~ and SAMPLE FREE. J >■ >ti t
  wait. Send us your Address anywav.

       GRAY & CO., PLATING WORKS.

 482 Gray Building,	Cincinnati, Ohio.

A t ; II r l THAT'IS SURE TO PLRASE

l-’ullv v'ciivaiiteeiL Af<i<lr riffht in <rrtl<\ rufirt. Lasts a. lifetime*.

The "VULCAN” INK PENCIL

HitdiJv |ir»1 i.sht*tI rulmrr and '-ab-fy l--k	Absolutely non-leakirt.le.

Keil ISIiick	I...... »i’ Miort

J. X, I LLIilril A < <>.,	Thame* street. New York

                  You like to go

      HUNTING
      FISHING
      CAMPING

                               Then surelv von will en.jov the
                               NATIONAL SPORTSMAN Maga-
                               zine, with its ItiO richly illus-
                               trated pa^es, full to overflowing-
                               with interesting stories and val-
                               uable information about funs,
                               flshinu' tackle. cauip-oiUfits—the
                               best places to iro for iish and
                               £*ame. and a thousand and one
                               valuable “How to" hints for
                               Sportsmen. The N A T 1 < > X A L
                               SPORTSMAN* is just like a biy
                               campfire in the woods where
                               thousands of R-ood fellows gather
                               once a month and spin stirring:
                               yarns about their ex
                               periences w i t h rod,
                               tlojr.riile and <run. All
                               this for 15c a copy or
                               £1.00 for a whole year
                               with watch fob.

Special Offer

                                      Mail us 25c in stamps
                                      or coin fora ft month’s
                                      trial subscription to the
                                      NATIONAL SI’OHTS-
                                      MAN and we will send
                                      you one of our hand-
                                      some Ormtila Gold
                                      Watch Fobs as here
                                      shown with seal frrain
                                      leather strap and &-old
                                      plated buckle.

                                Can you beat this?
                            Watch Fob. worth • . •

                                        3 Copies National Sportsman 4*if
                                        TOT A I; VAIilE !).*«

                             All yours for 25c
 NATIONAL SPORTSMAN, 54 Federal Street, Boston, Mass.

Drunkenness
And Drug Using
Can Be Cured

fi^Keeley

  'Treatment

    Our treatment has
stood the test of thirty-five
years and cured half a million.
Does not nauseate. Only medi
cal experts allowed to give the
remedies in our own institutions,

Successful

for

35

Years

          FOR INFORMATION
          WRITE TO FOLLOW-
          ING KEELEY INSTITUTES:

  Pittsburg, Pa., 4246 Fifth Ave.
  Philadelphia, Pa„ 812.N. Broad St.
  San Francisco, Cal., Douglas Bldg.
  Los Angeles, Cal., Marsh-Strong Bldg.
  Oklahoma City, Okla., 918 N. Stiles St.
  Birmingham, Ala. Portland, Maine

    Hot Springs, Ark.
    Atlanta, Ga.
    Dwight. III.

    Marion, Ind.
    Plainfield, Ind.

    Crab Orchard, Ky.

    Salt Lake City, Utah
    Guatemala City, Guat.

 London, England

 Greensboro, N. C.
 Columbus, Ohio
 Columbia, S. C.
 Dallas, Texes
 Seattle. Wash.
 Waukesha, Wis.
 Winnipeg, Man.
 Puebla, Mexico

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements.
Soft and Clear

Bn tne Use of
Qiticura Soap

It appeals to dainty, dis-
criminating women and sat-
isfies the most fastidious.
Assisted occasionally by
Cuticura Ointment it keeps
the skin clear and healthy,
and prevents unwholesome
conditions.

* SAMPLES FREE *

Cuticura, Soup and Cuticura, Ointment, art* soltl
throughout the world. Send post-card to nearest
depot for free sample of each with 82-page book;
Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London, Eng.; R.
Towns & Co., Sydney, N.W.W.; Lennon, Ltd.. Cape
Town: Muller, Maclean <fc Co., Calcutta and Bom-
bay; Potter Drug and Chem. Corp., Boston* U.S.A.

“DON’T SHOUT”

i hear you. I can hear now as wA\
m as anybody. 'How?* With

ft the lUORLEY PHONE. IVe

a pair in my ears now, but they
are invisible. 1 would not know I
had (hem in, myself, only that I hear
all right.

‘The Morley Phone (or the

DEAF

is to the ears what gtasses
are to the eyes. Invisible,
comfortable, weightless and
harmless. Anyone can adjust
it.” Over one hundred thousand sold. Write lor booklet and testimonials.

THE MORLEY CO.,

Dept. 758* Perry Bldg.,	Philadelphia,

Don’t Wear a Truss!

  Brooks’ Appliance, the
modern scientific invention,
the wonderful, new discov-
ery that cures rupture will
be sent on trial. No obnox-
ious springs or pads. Has
automatic Air Cushions.
Binds and draws the broken
parts together as you would
a broken limb. No salves.
No lies. Durable, cheap.
Pat. Sept. 10, *01. Sent on
trial to prove it. Catalogue and measure blanks
mailed free. Send name and address today.
C. E. BROOKS, 1759 A Brooks Bldg., Marshall, Mich.

C. E. BROOKS, the Discoverer

Please mention this magazine wlien answering advertisements.
Give P. A.
the Real
Joy Gift

  YE S S I R — that is,
  yessum ! — you can
  run that man of yours —
  husband, brother, son or
  sweetheart — into ever-
  lasting debt of the deepest
  gratitude this Christmas
  by giving him one of these
  handsome crystal - glass
  humidors full to the brim
  with P. A.

   It isn’t the cost that will make him come back on your birthday
   with silk stockings or a bracelet watch. It’s the thoughtfulness
   with which you chose good old

Prince Albert

the national joy smoke

  —a real smoke with real fragrance and real flavor. The one
  tobacco made by the wonderful patented process that takes out
  the bite and lets a man smoke his fill without broiling his tongue.
  Get the Christmassy pound package of P. A. early while the
  stores have plenty. Everywhere stores selling tobacco are pre-
  pared with P. A. in the glass humidors; also in pound and half-
  pound tin humidors; also with the famous tidy red tin, 10c; and
  the toppy red bag, 5c.

R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO CO., Winston-Salem, N. C.
Burlington
Watch Co.

19th St. and Marsht.ll Bird. .

Dept, 1149	Chicago, III.

Plcafe send me (without ohlig.-iilon
•nil prepaid) your free book on watches
with explanation of your cash or $23o a
month offer on the Bur lingtou Watch.

If a me___

4<dtirui;. ,

 Jewel S

       Burlington

                        The Master Timepiece Now Sold Direct for Only

Write today for our great offer on the master timepiece—adjusted to the second—

adjusted to positions — adjusted to to isochronism — now sent direct to you without a penny d>nrn. If
you decide to keep it, pay only the rock-bottom direct price (the same price that even the wholesale
jeweler must pay) either for cash or at the rate of $2.50 a month. Send coupon today.

Send the Coupon for New Watch Book

Lea the inside facts about watch prices, and the many superior points of the Burlington over double-
price* products, lust put your name and address on the coupon* letter or postcard and get the Watch Book Free.

Burlington Watch Co.

19lh Street and Marshall
Boulevard—Dept* 1149

Chicago, 111.

Write for Special

 Send us the coupon below—or a postcard for the great, sweeping direct offer
 on the genuine Burlington. 11'« want V"» to see anil examine the Burlington.
 Find out for yourself what a magnificent timepiece It is — and at a price
 which must surprise you. Write today for the book that shows you handsome
 ' Illustrations in full color of the newest watch cases that you have to choose
 fiom. The latest triumphs of master goldsmiths are yours on this special offer.

Offer!

 New Ideas in

Watch Cases

 Block and Ribbon Mono*
 grams. Diamond bet. Lodge,
 French Art, Dragon, Etc.