  Hombres

A Tale of the Early West by

Hugh Pendexter

Courtney Ryley Coopers

Latest Novel
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
  I’ve been making big: men cut of little ones for over
(fifteen years. I’ve made pretty near as many strong
men ;ts Heinz has made pickles. My system never fails.
That’s why I guarantee my works to do the trick.
That’s why they gave me the name of ‘ The Muscle
Builder.”

  T have the surest bet that you ever heard of. Eugen
SandoW himself said that my system is the shortest
and surest that America ever had to offer.

  Follow me closely now and I’ll tell you a few things
I’m going to do for you.

Here’s What I Guarantee
fo Do For You

advertising section

WOULDN'T it be great if we could buy
muscles by the bag — take them home
and paste them on our shoulders? Then
our rich friends with money to buy them sure
would be socking us all over the lots.

  But they don’t come that easy, fellows. If
you want muscle you have to work for it.
That’s the reason why the lazy fellow never
can hope to be strong. So if you’re lazy and
don't want to work—you had better quit right
here. This talk was never meant for you.

I Want Live Ones

  In just 30 days I’n/i going to increase your arm one
full inch. Yes, and :^ld t\yo inches to your chest in the
tame length of time. But Unit’s nothing Vve only
started; get this—I’m going to put knob’s of mrscles on
your shoulders like baseballs. I’m going to deepen your
chest so that you will double your lung capacity.
Each breath you take will Hood every crevice of your
pulmonary cavity with oxygen. This will load your
blood with red corpuscles, shooting life and vitality
throughout your entire system. I'm going to give yoii
arms and legs like pillars. I’m going to work on
every inner muscle as well, toning up your liver,
your heart, etc. You’ll have a snap to your step and
a flash to your eye. You’ll feel the real pep shooting
lip and down your old backbone.

  You’ll stretch out your big brawny arms and crave
for a chance to crush everything before you. You'll
just bubble over with vim. and animation.

  Sounds pretty good, what? You can bet your old
ukulele it’s good. It’s wonderful. And don’t forget,
fellow—I'm not just promising all this—I guarantee it.
Well, let’s get busy. I want some action—So do you.

EARLE LIEDERMAN, The Muscle Builder

Author of “Muscle Building,” *'Science of Wrestling,* ' and
“JiuJitsu,” 4 Secrets of Strength,” "Here's
Health,” “Endurance,” Etc.

Muscles

apiece/

      For tty New
G&JPaqe J5ooK.

  Do you get that? It’s free. I don’t ask a cent. It’s yours with my
compliments. Take it and read it. It’s the peppiest piece of litera-
ture you ever flashed your glimmers on. And 48 full-page photos
of myself and some of my numerous prize-winning pupils. This is
the finest collection of strong men ever assembled into one book—
look them over—doctors, lawyers, merchants, mechanics and every
Line of trade you can think of. L swear you’ll never let this hook
get out of your mitts again. And just think—you’re getting it for
nothing. Don’t hesitate—no strings attached to it. Grab it.

  Take your pen or pencil and fill out the coupon, or even your
name and address on a postal will do—do it now before you turn
this page.

Earle Liederman

Dept. 1103, 305 Broadway, New York City L — — — — — — — — — — — — — — j

EARLE LIEDERMAN

Dept. 1103, 305 Broadway, New York City

 Dear Sir:—Please send me, absolutely free without any
obligation on my part whatsoever, a copy of your latest
book, “Muscular Development.” (Please write or print
plainly.)

Name............................................Age.

                                                                                      Street.

 I

City.................................State.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable iliat you mention thin magazine.
VOLUME 210 CONTENTS FOR MARCH 15, 1930 NUMBER                                     6   
SERIALS                                                                               
   Caged (Four Parts. Part I) ....                                                724 
 A drain a of Nczc York's East Side       
Looters’ Luck (Two Parts. Part II)                                                783 
A South Seas foray                                                                    
  The Radio Gun-Runners (Six Parts.               Part iv) . . Ralph Milne Farley 814 
Into the weird world inside our Barth     
  John Solomon s Biggest Game (Six            Parts. Part v) . . H. Bedford-Jones 838 
With the fate of all Europe the stake                                                 
COMPLETE STORIES                                                                      
Sperm (Short story).....                                                          743 
Luck and mystery on a whaler                                                          
Bad Hombres (Novelette)                                                           752 
Holding up a Texas cattle drive                                                       
Beans for Backbone (short story)                                                  804 
Sitting Bull and the Mounties                                                         
Canny (Short Story)......                                Lawrence William Pedrose 830 
A versatile foe of the road-builders                                                  
Expiation (Short Story).....                                                      856 
Six-gun banking                                                                       
                                OTHER FEATURES                                        
Cover Design.......                                                                   
The Perfume Capital.....              .......E. F. Giffin                         782 
Singing Bottles.......                                                            803 
       The Men Who Make The Argosy---                -Courtney Ryley Cooper . . . 861 
Argonotes........                                                                 862 
                                                                                  864 
This magazine is on sale every Wednesday throughout the United States and Canada      
 THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, New York

                MESSAGERIES HACHETTE	PARIS: HA.CHETTE & CIE.,

             3, La Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill, London, E.C.4	111 Rue Reaumur

  WILLIAM T. DEWART, President	C. T. DIXON, Vice President

            Published weekly and copyright. 1930, by The Frank A. Munsey Company. Single copies, 10 cents; by the yeax,
            $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba; $7.00 to Canada and Foreign Countries. Remit-
            tances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless
            registered. Entered as second-class matter November 28, 1896, at the post-office at New York, under the Act
            of March 3, 1879. The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted
            without the publishers’ permission. Title registered in U. S. Patent Office. Copyrighted in Great Britain.

  Manuscripts submitted to this Magazine should be accompanied by sufficient tost age for their return if found
  unavailable, The publisher can accept no responsibility for retur?i of unsolicited manuscripts.
ADVERTISING SECTION

We Will Pay $$00.00Cash
For the Most Suitable
Name For This Beautiful
Six-Room House

GIVEN!

               ANY NAME
               MAY WINS

Offer open to

everybody. Nothing
to buy or sell. No
Obligation.

WHOEVER SENDS THE MOST SUITABLE NAME WILL
WIN $500.00—NOTHING ELSE TO DO!

This is a new Colonial Bungalow—cozy,
convenient—yet a roomy house. It is meet-
ing with such popularity that we are desir-
ous of obtaining a suitable name for it for
use in connection with our building pro-
gram, and will pay $500.00 cash for the
most suitable name suggested. There are
no strings tied to this offer. Sending us a
name for this house does not obligate you
in any way. Nothing to buy or sell. We
merely want a suitable name and are willing
to pay $500 in cash for the best one sent in.

ANY NAME MAY WIN

Surely you can think of an appropriate
name for such a beautiful home. Do not
use more than two words. Any word or
words may be used or any combination of

words, such as Ridgelawn, Shadynook, Hearthome, or
names like Sunshine Inn, Journey’s End, etc. No
matter how simple your suggestion is, you cannot
afford to neglect sending it in at once. Any name
may win. Possibly you may have the most suitable
name right on the end of your tongue this minute.
If you have, send it in at once, and $500 in cash is
yours.

$100.00 Extra Cor Promptness

We want the name for this house quickly,
and are going to pay the winner an extra
$100.00 cash just for promptness—or a
total of $600.00 in all. See coupon below.
Send your suggestion today!

FOLLOW THESE RULES

This offer is open to everyone, excepting members of
this firm, its employees and relatives. Each partici-
pant may send only one name. Sending two or more
names will cause all names submitted by that person
to be thrown out. Contest closes June 28, 1930. Should
two or more persons submit an equally suitable name
for this house, the full amount of the prize offered
will be paid to each one so tying. To win the $100.00
CASH PROMPTNESS PRIZE, the winning name
must be mailed within three (3) days after this an-
nouncement is read. This $100.00 CASH PROMPT-
NESS PRIZE will be added to the $500.00 prize and
paid to each one submitting the winning name, pro-
vided suggestion is mailed within three (3) days after
this announcement is read. See coupon—act quick!

FRFF ^ ^ appreciation of your suggesting a
*	• name for this house real quickly, we will

send you FREE and POSTPAID, the floor plans and
blue print of this beautiful house. Understand, this
does not obligate you in any way. Fill out and mail
the coupon, or a cony of !t, TODAY—QUTCKt
ANY NAME MAY WIN.

.................■■■■_.

" HOME BUILDERS* SOCIETY
11 2833 Liaeoln Way, Batavia, Illinois

_ Enclosed with this coupon on separate sheet is my
^ suggestion for a name.

■	Date this offer was read............................

■

m Date my suggestion is mailed......................

■	My Name .........................................

B Address .......................................

■	Town .........................................

. State .........................................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
(Tassified Advert is inof ^

The Purpose of this Department is to put Classified Advertising Rata 1 J	J

the reader in touch immediately with the In The Munaay Comblna*	I

the reader in touch immediately with the
newest needfuls for the home, office, farm,
or person; to offer, or seek, an unusual
business opportunity, or to suggest a service
that may be performed satisfactorily through
correspondence. It will pay a housewife or
business man equally well to read these
advertisements carefully.

       Munaay
     tlon Comprising :

All-Story (Combined with
Munsey) - - - -
Argosy -
Detective Fiction Weekly -
Minimum apace four lines.

Combination line rate

$3.00

leM 2 per cent cub
discount.

April 12th Classified Forms Close March 15th.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 WE START YOU WITHOUT A DOLLAR. 150% PROFIT.

SOAPS, EXTRACTS, PEBFUMES. TOILET GOODS. EXPE-
RIENCE UNNECESSARY. FREE SAMPLE CASE. AUTO
FURNISHED. CARNATION CO.. 140. ST. LOUIS. MO.

 $12.00 DAILY POSSIBLE SELLING NEW TABLECLOTH.

WASHES LIKE OILCLOTH. NO LAUNDERING. FREE
SAMPLES. JONES, 802T NORTH CLARK. CHICAGO.

 BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY OWNER BUYS

GOLD INITIALS for his auto. You charge $1.50, make $1.35.
Ten orders daily easy. Write for particulars and free samples.
AMERICAN MONOGRAM CO.. Dept. 54, East Orange. N. J.

 UNUSUAL OPPORTUNITY—$100 WEEKLY SELLING
BETTER QUALITY, ALL-WOOL, union-made-to-measure suits
and topcoats at $23.50 and $31.50. Build big repeat business.
Liberal bonus for producers. Large swatch samples FREE.
W. Z. GIBSON, INC.. 500 Throop, Dept. Q-409. Chicago.

 DO YOU WANT AGENTS AND SALESMEN TO SELL
YOUR MERCHANDISE? Men and women who are educated

In personal salesmanship and know the house-to-house, office
and store canvassing proposition. These advertisers are getting
them year in and year ’out, and there are thousands more for
you among the readers of the Munsey Magazines. Our Classified
Service Bureau will gladly show you how to use this section
most profitably and at the least cost. Write to-day to the

CLASSIFIED MANAGER. MUNSEY COMBINATION.

280 Broadway, New York.

MICHIGAN FARM LANDS FOR SALE

 MONEY MADE IN MICHIGAN POTATOES. $10 DOWN

NOW AND EASY TERMS BUYS LAND NEAR MARKETS,
LAKES. STREAMS. WRITE TODAY. SWIGART A CO.,
M-601, 32 NO. STATE ST. BLDG., CHICAGO.

TOBACCO

 SWEAR OFF TOBACCO. NO MATTER HOW LONG YOU
HAVE BEEN A VICTIM. NO MATTER HOW STRONG YOUR
CRAVING. NO MATTER IN WHAT FORM YOU USE TO-
BACCO. THERE IS HELP FOR YOU. Just send postcard or
letter for our Free Book. It explains everything. NEWELL
PHARMACAL CO.. Dept. 845* Clayton Station. St. Louis, Mo.

HELP WANTED—MALE

 FIREMEN, BRAKEMEN. BAGGAGEMEN (WHITE OB
COLORED), SLEEPING CAR, TRAIN PORTERS (COL-
ORED), $150—$250 MONTHLY. EXPERIENCE UNNECES-
SARY. 830 RAILWAY BUREAU, EAST ST. LOUIS. ILL.

HELP AND INSTRUCTION

 WORK FOR “UNCLE SAM.” $105.00 to $280.00 month.
Steady jobs. Men—women, 18 to 50. Paid vacations. Sample
coaching and list positions FREE. Write immediately.
FRANKLIN INSTITUTE. Dept. G-l, Rochester, N. Y.

MISCELLANEOUS

HAVE YOU A CAMERA?

          Write for free sample of our big magazine
          showing how to make better pictures and
          earn money. AMERICAN PHOTOGRAPHY'.
          120 Camera House, Boston 17, Mass.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

  PATENTS. BOOKLET FREE. Highest references, Best re-
sults. Promptness assured. Send drawing or model for exami-
nation and advice. WATSON E. COLEMAN. Registered Patent
Lawyer, 724 Ninth Street, Washington, D. C.

  PATENTS—Write for free guide book. "How To Obtain A
Patent” and Record of Invention Blank. Send model or
sketch and description of inventions for Free Opinion whether
it comes within Patent Office Rules. Easy Payments.
VICTOR J. EVANS & CO., 762 Ninth, Washington, D. C.

 INVENTORS—WRITE FOR OUR GUIDE BOOK. "How to
Get Your Patent,” and evidence of invention blank. Send model
or sketch for Inspection and Instructions Free. Terms reasonable.
RANDOLPH & CO., Dept. 412, Washington, D. C.

PATENTS AND INVENTIONS

INVENTORS: WE HAVE BEEN IN BUSINESS 30 YEARS.

IF YOUR INVENTION OR PATENT HAS MERIT. SEND
DETAILS OR MODEL, OR WRITE ADAM FISHER MFG.
CO., 249 ENRIGHT, ST. LOUIS, MO.

Win Nash and $500 or $1,645 Cash

Seven Brand New 6-Cylinder Cars Given

   For advertising purposes I am going to give absolutely free a brand new six-cylinder "Special Six” Nash four-door Sedan, an
Oldsmobile two-door Sedan, a De Soto two-door Sedan, a Pontiac two-door Sedan, an Essex two-door Sedan, a Whippet two-door
Sedan, and a Chevrolet two-door Sedan, all six-cylinder latest model Sedans; also 4 splendid new c9nsole type radios, a Victor Ortho-
phonic Victrola and other valuable prizes. Any person living in the United States outside of Chicago may enter an answer to this

puzzle except employees of the
W. D. Boyce Company or members
of their families, or winners of
automobiles or first prizes in any
of our previous offers, or members
of their families.

   In the picture there are 7 cars
in a bad traffic jam. None of
them can move forward, for each
car is blocked by the one in front
of it. One of these cars will have
to be backed out. Which one? The
traffic policeman seems to be stump-
ed. Can you straighten up this
tangle for him? Only one car may
be moved backward, and if you
pick out the right one, you will see
that it is not necessary to back up
any of the others. Send the num-
ber of the car which when backed
out will relieve this traffic tie-up, and
if your answer is correct you will be
qualified for this opportunity.

                fA|> PpOVtlllttlfiSS we are not only giving the Sedans, radios and so forth in our big prize list
^W tVA f IVUI|PI>Uv*9 amounting to over $6,800.00, but are also giving an additional $500.00 in
cash for promptness to the winner of first prize if he or she has been prompt. Thus, the first prize winner will receive the Nash
Sedan and $500.00 in cash, or $1,845.00. Find the car which when backed out will relieve this traffic tangle and send the number
of it in a letter or on a post card, or you can mark the car on the picture and send it to me. Be sure to write or print your
name and address plainly. All who answer correctly can share In the prizes or cash. Duplicate prizes paid in case of ties.
ANSWEB TODAY. Free Prize judge. Dept. 547, 510 N. Dearborn St., Chicago, III.

Solve

 This

Traffic

Puzzle

In answering any advertisement this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION

To those who think
  Learning Music is hard-

PERHAPS you think that tak-
ing music lessons is like tak-
ing a dose of medicine. It isn’t
any longer!

 As far as you’re concerned,
the old days of long practice
hours with their horrid scales,
hard-work exercises, and ex-
pensive personal teachers’ fees
are over and done with.

 You have no excuses—no
alibis whatsoever for not mak-
ing your start toward musical
good times now!

  For, through a method that re-
moves the boredom and extravagance
from musical lessons, you can now
learn to play your favorite instru-
ment entirely at home—^without a pri-
vate teacher—in half th'e usual time—
at a fraction of the usual cost.

  Just imagine...a method that has
made the reading and playing of music
so downright simple that you don’t
have to know one note
from another to begin.

  Do you wonder that
this remarkable way of
learning music has al-
ready been vouched for
by over a half-million
people in all parts of
the world ?

 Easy As Can Be

  The lessons come to
you by mail from the
famous U. S. School of
Music, They consist of
complete printed in-
structions, diagrams,
and all the music you
need. You study with
a smile. One week you
are learning a dreamy
waltz—the next you are

mastering a stirring march.

As the lessons continue
they prove easier and easi-
er. For instead of just scales you are
always learning to play by actual
notes the classic favorites and the
latest syncopation that formerly you
only listened to.

 And you’re never in hot water.
First, you are told how a thing is
done. Then a picture	you how,

then you do it yourself and hear it.
No private teacher could make it
clearer or easier.

  Soon when your friends say “please
play something,” you can surprise
and entertain them with pleasing mel-
odies on your favorite instrument.
You’ll find yourself in the spotlight—
popular everywhere. Life at last will
have its silver lining and lonely hours
will vanish as you play the “blues”
away.

 New Friends. Better Times

  If you’re tired doing the heavy look-
ing-on at parties—if always listening
to others play has almost spoiled the
pleasure of music for you—if you’ve
been envious because they could en-
tertain their friends
and family—if learning
music has always been
one of those never-to-
come-true dreams, let
the time-proven and
tested homestudy meth-
od of the U. S. School
of Music come to your
rescue.

  Don’t be afraid to be-
gin your lessons at
once. Over half a mil-
lion people learned to
play this modern way
—and found it easy as
A-B-'C. Forget that
old-fashioned idea that
you need special “tal-
ent.” Just read the list
of instruments in the
panel, decide which one
you want to play, and

Pick Your Instrument

Plano	Violin

Orgran	Clarinet

Ukulele Flute
Cornet	Saxophone

Trombone Harp
I’iccolo Mandolin
Guitar	’Cello

Hawaiian Steel Guitar
Slgrlit Slngjnsr
Piano Accordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Voice und Speech Culture
Harmony and
Composition
Drums and Traps
A utomatlc
Finger Control
Banjo (Plectrum,
5-String: or Tenor)

Address

City..................State.

the U. S. School of Music will do
the rest. And bear in mind no matter
which instrument you choose, the cost
in each case will average the same-
just a few cents a day. No matter
whether you are a. mere beginner or
already a good performer, you will be
interested in learning about this new
and wonderful method.

Send for Our Free Book and
Demonstration Lesson

 Our wonderful illustrated Free Book
and our Free Demonstration Lesson
explain all about this remarkable
method. They prove just how anyone
can learn to play his favorite instru-
ment by note in almost no time and
for just a fraction of what old slow
methods cost. The booklet will also
tell you all about the amazing new
Automatic Finger Control.

 Read the list of instruments to the
left, decide which you want to play,
and the U. S. School of Music will do
the rest. Act NOW. Clip and mail
this coupon today, and the fascinat-
ing Free Book nnd Free Demonstra-
tion Lesson will be sent to you at
once. No obligation. Instruments sup-
plied when needed, cash or credit.
U. S. School of Music, 1033 Bruns-
wick Bldg., New York City.

U. S. School of Music,

1033 Brunswick Dldg., New York City

  Please send me your free boolc. “Music
Lessons in Your Own Home,” with intro-
duction by Dr. Frank Crane. Free Demon-
stration Lesson and particulars of your easy
payment plan. I am interested in the fol-
lowing course:	Have sou

...........................in st r. ?.........

Name...............................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
advertising section

Play the Hawaiian Guitar
like the Hawaiians/ ?'

 Only 4 Motions used in playing this fascinatirig instru
 ment. Our native Hawaiian instructors teach'you to
 master them quickly. Pictures show how. Every,;
 thing explained clearly.

 Play In Half Hour

 After you get the four
 easy motions you play
 harmonious chords with
 very little practice. No
 previous musical knowl-
 edge needed. y '

  GIVEN _

Easy Lessons

   Even if you don’t know
   one note from another,
   the 62 printed lessons
   and clear pictures make
   it easy to learn quickly.
   Pay as you play.

 when you enroll •
 a sweet toned

HAWAIIAN

WRITE AT ONCE for af tractive.offer
and easy terms. You have everything
to gain. A postcard will do. ACT!

GUITAR, Carrying

Playing

ase and
_ Outfit—
Value $18 to $20

_ No extras-everything included

 TENOR /and other courses. The same thorough instruction on Tenor Banjo*
 BANJO 1 Violin, Tiple. Tenor Guitar. Ukulele. Banjo Ukulele. Well*
 w *	known instructors. Write for full information.

FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MU8lC,lnc.

 9th Floor, Woolworth Bldg. Dept. 235	New York, N. Y.

  Approved as a Correspondence School Under the Laws of the Stale of A'ew York
                  —Member National Home Stvdy Council_____

|J A C C Jftmitified/

I 1V/J Li NO OPERATION*

♦•30 DAY HOME TRIAL”

  Dr. Josephs’ Nose Corrector can
  make your nose beautiful by mould-
  ing flesh and cartilage to desired
  shape. Worn night or day in absolute
  comfort. Amazing and lasting re-
  sults in shortest time. FREE
  BOOKLET tells how. Write today.

DR. JOSEPHS, Inc.

  Dept. C-27	Irvington, N. J.

AGENTS $6 A DAY

easily made taking orders for Non-
Alcoholic Food Flavors. Every variety.

Put up in collapsible tubes. Always
fresh. Three times the strength of bot-
tled flavors. Not sold in stores. Fast
sellers. Big- profits. Steady repeat orders.

 Men and Women

 who devote full time are making $6
 to $9 a day. Big money made in
 spare time. Largest concern of its
 kind in the world. Nearly two million
 dollars profit earned by our Repre-
 sentatives last year taking orders for
 ZANOL Pure Food Products, Toilet
 Preparations. Soaps, Cleansers, Polishes and
 Household Supplies. Get your share of this big
 money. New Ford Tudor Sedan ottered as bonus, in addition to
 big cash profits. Write today.

 AMERICAN PRODUCTS CO., 5589 Monmouth Ave., Cincinnati, Ohio

Home-Study

 Business Training

 Your opportunity will never be bigger than your
 preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
 early success. Free 64-Page Books Tell How. Write
 NOW for book you want, or mail coupon with your
 name, present position and address in margin today.

  □	Higher Accountancy	□ Business Corres.

 □	Mod. Salesmanship	Q Credit and Collection

 □	Traffic Management Correspondence

 □	Rail. Station Mgm’t	□ Modern Foremanshlp

  □	Law: Degree of LL.B.	□ Personnel Mgm’t

 □	Commercial Law	□ Expert Bookkeeping
 (□Industrial Mgm’t	DC. P. A. Coaching

  G Banking and Finance □ Business English

 □	Telegraphy	□ Commercial Spanisft

 □	Business Mgm’t	□ Effective Speaking
 nRailway Accounting □ Stenotypy— Stenog’y

□ Paper Salesman's Training

  LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 358-R, Chicago

He Gives You

A New Skin

YOU

WANT A

BIGGER INCOME

SELL SHIRTS

 Earn big money from the start. Let Quaker help you. Won-
 derful sample Outfit gets orders. Finest Men’s Shirts, Tics,
 Underwear, Hosiery. Unbeatable values. Unique sales
 features. Ironclad guarantee. FREE Shirts, Tics, Cash
 Bonuses. Write for Free Out6t NOW!	Dept.X-3.

QUAKER SHIRT CORP., 1107 Broadway, N.Y.

Smooth, Clear and Beautiful

On Any Part of Your Face, Neck,
Arms, Hands, Body

READ FREE OFFER

WHAT would you say if you awoke some morning-
looked in your mirror and saw a new, youthlike, clear
Bkin on your face, and the ugly blemishes all gone?

  You would jump with joy—just like thousands of people
have done who have learned how to perform this simple
treatment themselves—the same that foreign beauty doc-
tors have charged enormous prices for.

  —and, what was considered impossible before—the ban-
ishing of pimples, blackheads, freckles, large pores, tan,
oily skin, wrinkles and other defects—can now be done
by any person at home, in 3 days’ time, harmlessly and
economically.

  It is all explained in a new treatise called

"BEAUTIFUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS,”

which is being mailed absolutely free to readers of this
magazine by the author. So. worry no more over your
humiliating skin and complexion, or signs of approaching
age. Simply send your name and address to Wm. Witol.
Dept. 1G3-S, No. 1700 Broadway, New York, N. Y., and
you will receive it by return mail, without charge. If
pleased, tell your friends about it.

In answering any advertisement on thi$ page it is desirable that you mention this magazine,
ADVERTISING SECTION

fill Ml Ibl
i fciilll

f’fi- A

'• >11 jv/5»»

m flt^n

_ J nr ,

         ft'jl
         0.1

' Lf i I

  I r hrrr! 1

■ . < -h.-f
>!**

      w||

... . ' • ..."- • ,n.ig-	(■!*

 , vV'.-t - r —■ _ .

Go to High School at Home

lYou can secure a high school education right at
home by studying the splendid new courses re-
cently prepared by the International Correspon-
dence Schools.

  These courses are equivalent to the courses
given in resident high schools. They have been
specially arranged for men and women who
wish to meet college entrance examinations, to
qualify for a business position, or to make up
the education they missed when forced to leave
school too soon.

  The College Preparatory Course, the High
School Commercial Course and the High
School English Course include English, algebra,
ancient, medieval, modern and U. S. History,
physiology, literature, geography, Latin, book-
keeping, drawing, geometry, shorthand, physics,
chemistry, salesmanship, advertising, civics,
trigonometry, economics, corporation finance,
money and banking, business and trade eco-
nomics and other subjects. A diploma is given
at graduation.

  The lessons are easy to understand and you
will make rapid progress because you will be
in a class by yourself and you will study under
the guidance of instructors who are sincerely
interested in helping you to get ahead and
achieve the bigger things in life.

  Just mark and mail the coupon and we will
gladly send you interesting free booklets

describing the High School Courses of the
International Correspondence Schools or any
other subject in which you are interested.

     INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

“The Universal University”

Box 2132-E, Scranton. Penna.

   Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your book-
 let, “Who Wins and Why," and full particulars about the subject
 before which I have marked X in the list below:

      □	College Preparatory Course

      O High School Commercial Course

      □	High School English Course

      O High School Vocational Course

      □	High School Agricultural Course

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

□	Business Management

□	Industrial Management

H Personnel Management
Traffic Management
O Accounting and C. P. A.
Coaching

  Cost Accounting
  Bookkeeping
  Secretarial Work
  Spanish □ French

       TECHNICAL AND
 Electrical Engineering
 Electric Lighting
 Mcchanical Engineer
 Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 Railroad Positions
 Gas Engine Operating
 Civil Engineer □ Mining
 Surveying and Mapping
 Steam Engineering
 Plumbing and Heating

     □	Salesmanship

     □	Advertising

□	Business Correspondence

□	Show Card and Sign Lettering

□	Stenography and Typing

□	English □ Civil Service

     □	Railway Mail Clerk

     H Common School Subjects

      □	Iligh School Subjects

□	Illustrating □ Cartooning

INDUSTRIAL COURSES

      Architect

      Architects' Blueprints
      Contractor anti Builder
      Architectural Draftsman
      Concrete Builder
      Structural Engineer
      Chemistry □ Pharmacy
      Automobile Work
      Airplane Engines
      Agriculture □ Navigation
      Mathematics □ Radio

Name.

Street Address.

City................................................................State.

Occupation..............................................................................................

 Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
 tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION

Solved

 ...at Last!!'

 What to do with

Old Razor Blades!

 DON’T throw them away! For old razor blades are
 worth real money—now that KRISS-KROSS reju-
 venates them an amazing way—and gives them the kind
 of edge you have only dreamed about until now. And
 not only that, it can take a new blade right out of a
 fresh package and increase its sharpness almost 100%!

    KRISS-KROSS makes blades last astonishingly, too.
 Ten weeks of slick shaves from a single blade is only a
 low average—while any number of (,ases are on record
 where one blade has lasted for 365 keen, cool shaves a

MAKES
*66

IN ONE
DAY

 year!

   SPECIAL OFFER NOW

   KRISS - KROSS fits all
 blades except Durham—and
 to make it easy to test it,
 we are announcing a special
 limited offer. Right now we
 are including FREE a new
 kind of razor never sold in
 stores. Adjusts three ways
 and is absolutely unlike
 anything seen before. Find
 out about it today. No ob-
 ligation. Clip coupon below
 for offer. Mail it, now!

     KRISS-KROSS CORP., Dept. C-424,1418 Pendleton Ave., St. Louis, Mo.

 | Kriss-Kross Corp., Dept. C-424 1416 Pendleton Ave., St. Louis, Mo. |

 I Without obligation please send me your special offer i
 on KRISS-KROSS and 3-way razor which is being |
 included free.

| Name.............................................. |

I Address............................................ I

Town.............................State............ '

 | ( ) Check here if interested in becoming representative |

 Find out how^to make $100 in a
 week and more just showing
 KRISS-KROSS to men in your
 locality. Full or spare time.
 H. King- earned $66 in one day.
 We show you how. It's easy.
 Check bottom of coupon for de-
 tails and generous proposition.
 Mail it now.

font Chest Expands

$

ONLY

^00

     Here’s an unheard of opportu-
     nity for everyone to develop
     big muscles and obtain great
     strength by using our heavy-ten-
     sioned exerciser. Approx. 100 lbs.
     resistance. Complete instructions with
     each exerciser. Also mado in cable form
     in 4 convenient sizes, as illustrated below.
     Adjustable to 400 lbs.

  5 cables for $2, 10 cables for $4, 15 cables for $6, and 20 cables
 for $8. Write today—every exerciser fully guaranteed.

Simply pay the postman plus	SEND NO MONEY!

a few cents postage upon
delivery. In writing- specify
how many cables you desire.

Money back in live days if
dissatisfied.

PROGRESSIVE EXERCISER COMPANY

  Dept. 2103, Langdon
Building, Duane Street and
Broadway, New York City

CCOUNTING

the profession that pays

   Accountants command big income.
   Thousands needed. About 9,000
   Certified Public Accountants in
   U. S. Many earn $5,000 to $20,000.
   We train you thoroughly at home
   in your Bpare time for C. P. A. ex-
   aminations or executive account-
   ing positions. Previous bookkeep-
   ing knowledge unnecessary — we
   prepare you from ground up. Our
   training is supervised by Wm. B.
   Castenholz, A. M., C. P. A., assisted
   by staff of C. P. A.’s. Low cost —
   easy terms. Write now for valu-
   able 64-page book free.

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

Dept.3/>S-H	Chicago, III.

 A RAILWAY

.TRAFFIC INSPECTOR

Earn Up to $250

NO HUNTING FOR
A POSITION

Per Month,
Expenses Paid.

                            Bis- demand for trained Traffic inspectors. Pleasant,
                            permanent, outdoor work with regular hours. Promo-
                            tion rapid—unlimited opportunities. Travel or remain
                            near home. We’ll train you for this uncrowded profes-
                            sion in a few weeks’ spare time home instruction and
                            upon completion, assist you to a position paying $120
                            to $150 per month, plus expenses, or refund your tui
                            tion. Rapid salary advances to .$175, $200, $250, with
                            experience. Learn how your future can be made a
                            certainty. Send for our free booklet now—it explains
                            fully. Act quickly—men are needed now.

STANDARD BUSINESS TRAINING INSTITUTE. Div. SO, Buffalo, N. Y.

Who Wants an Auto FREE?

STUDEBARER-BUICK-NASH I Your choicel

OR $2000.00 CASH

  Thousands of dollars in new autos and grand prizes will positively be given
free to advertise and make new friends for my firm. Choice of StucLebaker or
Buick or Nash new 4-door sedan delivered free, or $2000.00 cash. A too Olds-
mobile, Pontiac, Chevrolet, Fords, diamonds, other fine prizes and cash will be
given free. No problems to do. No fine writing required. No Words to
make. No figures to add. Bank guarantees all prizes.

Pick Your Lucky Star!

All the stars In the circle are exactly alike except one.
others and it maj ’ '

different star and	_ _ ______

prompt answer can start you on the way to win the great $2000.00 free prize.

MARK

TOUR

STAR

> the circle are exactly alike except one. That star la different to bO the
ay be a lucky star for you. Can you pick it out? If you can, mark the
id send the circle to me at once along with your name and address. A

BE PROMPT—WIN $650.00 EXTRA

Someone like you who will write me at once can get $650.00 cash just for being prompt,
o you may thank your lucky stars if you send your answer right off. No risk. Nothin
to buy. Nothing hard to do. Over $7000.00 in valuable prize* will b«

so you ma;

to buy. Nothing hard to do. Over $7000.00 in valuable prizes will be given free of eoetl
Send today and I will show you just how you can get your free choice of these splendid
new sedans or $2000.00 cash, without cost or obligation of anv kind. All win planl A
reward for everybody! SEND NO MONEY. Answer AT ONCE.

Address GEO. WILSON, DEPT. 94. AUGUSTA, MAINE

MAIL
THE
CIRCLE

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
INSTAWTiy

 Amazing growth of Radio
is opening nundreds of fine
jobs every year $So"nd$%

Get one of the many fine jobs for yourself that are
opening every year in broadcasting stations, Radio
factories, with dealers, jobbers, on board ship,

which give a you world-wide travel, a good salary and ex-
penses paid, commercial land stations and other branches
of Radio. Why stick to a no-future Job when Radio pays
Its well-trained men $50, $00, $75 and even as high as
$200 a week.

Many N. R. I. Men make $10 to $25 a week
extra almost at once

My book, “Rich Rewards In Radio,” points out the
money-making opportunities in Radio and explains how I
show my men to begin making good money in their
spare time, right in their neighborhood almost at once.
G. W. Page, 107 Raleigh Apts., Nashville, Tenn., made
$935 in his spare time while taking my course. I’ll show
you how to make good money, too.

I Will Train you at home in your Spare Time

Keep your job. I have trained hundreds of men and young
men at home in their spare time—have doubled and tripled
their salaries. High School or college education is not
necessary. My Money-Back Agreement protects you fully.

Get my New 64-page book Free

It points out where the good jobs are, what they pay, how
to get one. A copy of my Money-Back Agreement cornea
with It. My unlimited Employment Service to Graduates,
Eight Outfits of Radio Parts for a home experimental
Radio laboratory and many other features are explained In
it. It is free to anyone who wants to make more money.

J. E. SMITH, President

NATIONAL RADIO INSTITUTE

Dept. OCK	Washington, D. C.

 Gip and mail this coupon at once

  i. E. Smith, Pre$.,

  National Radio Institute, Dept. OCK,

 Washington, D. C.

 Dear Mr. Smith: Without obligating me. send your book.
 “Rich Rewards in Radio.”

Name...................................................

Address............................................

City................................ State...............

In ansioering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.	1-A.

ADVERTISING SECTION

Men Past 4-0

MAKE THIS
AMAZING TEST

  Medical science claims that 65% of all men
past middle age are victims of prostate trouble,
either in a mild or severe form. Loss of health,
sciatica, bladder weakness, nervousness, aches
in back, legs and feet, frequent urination and
chronic constipation are a few of the more
common symptoms oftimes mistaken as attri-
butes of old age. A new drugless gland stimu-
lant, perfected by a well-known American sci-
entist, now offers victims of this devitalizing
ailment a wholly advanced method that has
shown startling results in many of the 50,000
cases where it has been used. Test it on our
Gilt Edge Agreement, that UNLESS YOU
FEEL TEN YEARS YOUNGER IN ONE
WEEK, YOU PAY NOTHING. This bonafide
guaranty accompanies each treatment. Send
today for the intensely interesting booklet,
** Why Many Men Are Old At Forty,” written
by the scientist who discovered this method.
It contains information that every man should
know and explains in a pleasantly frank man-
ner all about this common ailment which
oftimes makes a man old before his time. It
is absolutely FREE. Send for it today.
Simply address: The Electro Thermal Com-
pany, 3027 Morris Ave., Steubenville, Ohio.
Western Address: Suite 30-D, 303 Van Nuys
Bldg., Los Angeles, Calif.

Mant salesmen
makingBigProfitaeaeh
i week selling Bostonian ,

J nationally known bigrh-gTade.
broadcloth shirts. 3 for 96.95

Selling Qulfd fltlE

         _ POSTAGE PAID. $1.80 cash com-
         mission for you. $9.00 value. Quick
         ■ales. Write today for free sample outfit

BOSTONIAN MFG. CO.. Dept. C-225.89 Bickford St., Boston, Mass

The Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine Published

ARGOSY (Published Weekly)

On sale at all news-stands

DE POPULAR AT ONCEl 5

. --s/w	minute guaranteed Ukelele

                                     Course with this full size
                  Koawood finish Hawaiian Ukelele.
                  Its rich melodious tone sure to amaze
                  and delight. Regular price cut one-half.

            Send NO Money—Pay$2.95 and postage on ar-
rival. Guaranteed Course and Pick included. Also "GOOD LUCK”
Oriental ring if you order TODAY—Money back if not delighted.

Send postal to BRADLEY, BLDG. H-249, NEWTON, MASS.

DEAFNESS IS MISERY

Multitudes of persons -~:*L J*r—•'— '----:-~

and Head Noises enjoy conversation,
go to Theatre and Church because they
Use Leonard Invisible Ear Drums which
I i?1 fj resemble Tiny Megaphones fitting
1^ j ,n the Ear entirely out of sight
CL, ¥ No wires, batteries or head piece.

V J They arc inexpensive. Write for
booklet and sworn statement of
the inventor who was himself deaf.

K 0. LEONARD, Inc., Suite 907, 70 5th Ave., New Ye*
ADVERTISING SECTION

Own Hour Own

Bi£ noncr-Mak’
Business

A NEW BUSINESS IN YOUR TOWN

A delightful, dignified and fascinating business. ^

Make and sell Crispettes. Delicious confection. Young
and old like them. Come again and again for more. Easy
to make. I supply everything. Raw material plentiful and
cheap. Profits big. No town too small* Start now.

QUICK SUCCESS POSSIBLE towns, villages!

 crowded streets;surging throngs at parks, carnivals,fairs,etc.; open
 a little retail store;or, begin at home; wholesale to stores, grocers,
 bakers, druggists, parks, baseball games, picnics, wayside stands.

EXCEPTIONAL (.£&•) PROFITS months reported by

California man. New Jersey $4,000 profits in less than 2 months.
Revel of Michigan wrote: “Made $25 on my first day". A. Leib of
Montreal wrote: “My sales averaged $400 per week".

WE START YOU IN BUSINESS machines, secret formulas!

 end raw material. Little capital starts you. No experience needed.

WRITE FOR “BOOK OF FACTS”

           —If s free, contains success
           letters from others—shows
           their places of business,
           tells how to start.

EAKIN5 CO.,

  3 1 1 High St., Springfield, Ohio

wail at once, your Book of Facts

 ui tin ■: i v iVfrwlf

 AVERAGING

mom

 PROFIT FOR 3 .
 SUM HER. MONTHS

  Report July 241979

 E R NABOR

 MASSACHUSETTS

Name.

Address.

ton LINE

SELL FROM A
MILLION DOLLAR STOCK

LES FREE

Dept, 99-H

Shirts, Neckwear and Underwear. /

No Substitutions. 4 Hour Shipping: /
Service. Highest Commissions.^ /
Bonuses. Profit Sharing. /// ^^
Biggest Company.

Mail Coupon.

CARLTON MILLS
79 FIFTH AVE. d

NEW Y0RK./1^V

Gray Hair?

                                         No need to fuss
              with messy prep-
              arations. Araaz-
              _	i n g discovery—

REVA—imparts a youthful color to your hair so naturally none
can detect! No samples of hair needed. One bottle lor all
cases. REVA is clean, colorless liquid. Does not rub off or
stain. Easily applied to hair, in privacy of home. Tens of
thousands have used successfully.

                           Satisfactory results guaranteed.
Send today for full details and
our FREE Book on care of the hair. No obligation.

REVA CORP., 4242 Lincoln Ave., Dept. 1 63, Chicago, III.

FREE BOOK

SONG WRITERS/

SUBSTANTIAL ADVANCE ROYALTIES
are paid on work found acceptable for publica-
tion. Anyone wishing to write either the words or
music for songs may submit work for free ex-
amination and advice. Past experience unnecessary.
New demand created by ’'Talking Pictures"
fully described in our free book. Write for it
Today. NEWCOMER ASSOCIATES
726 Earle Building, New York

NO JOKE TO BE DEAF

       —EVERY DEAF PERSON KNOWS THAT

              I make myself hear, after being deaf for 25 years, witD
              these Artificial Ear Drums. I wear
              them day and night. They stop

 head noises and ringing ears. They
 are perfectly comfortable. No ono
 sees them. Write me and I will tell
 you a true story .how I got deaf and
 bow I make you hear. Address Medicated Ear Drum
 GEO. P. WAY, Artificial Car Drum Co. (Inc.*
 39 Hoffman BIdff.	Detroit, Mich.

RAILROAD MAN’S

MAGAZINE

A publication of the best
fiction and fact, not only for
the railroad man and his
family, but for everybody !

25c

MARCH ISSUE IS
NOW ON SALE AT ALL
NEWS-STANDS

25c

Exclusive In Its Field!

In answering any advertisement an this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
ADVERTISING SECTION

Win $3,500=

    Prizes ffom $1800.00 to $4245.00 each have been won through our unique advertising plan. In our
 last, an old man of 69, out of work, won over $5000.00. A boy, only 15, won $900.00. In next 3 or 4
 months thousands of dollars will be awarded to fortunate persons who solve our puzzles and win our prizes.

FIND THE TWIN FLYERS

   Watch out! These twelve pictures of a famous woman flyer all look alike—BUT—two, and only
two, are exactly alike. Find these twin flyers 1 Some pictures are different In the collar, helmet,
goggles, or tie. Remember, only two of the twelve are exactly alike. Find them, and send the numbers of
the twin flyers on a post card or letter today. If correct, your answer will qualify you for this ODDortunity.

$7160.00 IN PRIZES GIVEN THIS TIME

    Over 25 prizes, and duplicate prizes in case of ties. It's up to the winner whether he or she

 chooses $2875.00 in cash or a new Waco airplane, a big automobile, ora new home. A gorgeous prize
 listl ANYONE WHO ANSWERS1THISUPUZZLE CORRECTLY MAY RECEIVE PRIZES OR CASH.

$625.00 ADDITIONAL FOR PROMPTNESS

Be> prompt! It pays. Find the real twin flyers, and I will send Certificate which will be eood

                              a?d wln flrst prlze- Imagine, a first prize of $3500.00!

NO MORE PUZZLES TO SOLVE. Any man. woman, boy, or girl in the U. S. A.—anyone at all, except residents of
Chicago, Illinois, and former major prize winners, 25 of the people who take up this offer are going to win these wonder-

thePSayera"0nSe°ndthnommo^ but tTpromVt.	SNYDER. Dept. 372. 64 W.IIHnolsSt.. Chicago. III.

TJIaAe SfeajdyTFhmei/

Showing Samples Men’s Shirts

Ties, Underwear brings you big cash
commissions. One Year Guarantee.
No substitutions. Free silk initials.
More exclusive Rosecliff features es-
tablish leadership. Write for your
FREE Outfit NOW!

ROSECLIFF SKIRT CORP.

Dept. L-3
1237 Broadway, N. V.

tO UR
OWN
SHIRTS
an d
TIES

Have You a Story for the Talkies?

     One of our clients received $1,500 for talkie rights to
     a single story. Story plots and fiction book manuscripts
     developed, revised, copyrighted, marketed. Accepted,
     any form except unproduced plays. Send your stories
     promptly or write for further particulars without obli-
     gation.

DANIEL O’MALLEY CO., 1776 Broadway, Dept.A-7, New York, N. Y.

 NEW DISCOVERY

Ends Battery Troubles

All users of batteries (new or old) will be
greatly benefited. This device—Thomas
Syphone Corrosion Eliminator Guarantees double
life of battery. Perfect contact. Easier starting.
No dead cells. No worn cables. No corrosion.
Attached in a few seconds. Lasts a life time.
Requires no extra space.

Price $ 1 f post paid.	Agents wanted.

 Write Dept. M. THOMAS BROADWAY SALES CO., INC.

217 West 123rd St.	New York City

NAWHFRF FI ^F can be found such infinite variety
numiLl\L LLuL as in Argo8Vt stories of all

dimensions—serials, novelettes, shorts—and of
varied types —adventure, business, war, Western,
romance, sport, different, domestic.

“PERFUME OF LOVE

TUTAGIC, mysterious exotic fragrance —
iV1 fascinates, entices, thrills! Rare.
PARFUM D’AMOUR. (Perfume of Love.)
Exotic beauty surrounds you — enticing,
seductive. Attracts everyone with its de-
lightful fragrance.

SEND NO MONEY

 $5 bottle sent, all charges prepaid. Pay post-
 man introductory Sale Price, only $1.87 and
 postage on arrival. Send postal today.

BRADLEY H-248 Newton, Mass.

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS

MAIL CARRIERS—POSTOFFICE CLERKS
GENERAL CLERKS-CUSTOMS INSPECTORS

$1700 to $3400 a Year for Life

No “lay-offs” because of strikes, poor business, etc.—sure pay-
rapid advancement. Many other U. S. Government Jobs. City and
country residents stand same chance. Common sense education usually sufficient.

STEADY WORK

Out coupon and mail it before turning the page.

MEN—BOYS
18 to 45

Use Coupon Before You Lose It

   FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. G-281, Rochester, N. Y.

Rush to me, free of charge, (1) A full description of the po-
sition checked below; (2) 32-page book, with list of positions
obtainable; (3) Tell me how to get the position checked.

...Railway Postal Clerk ($1900 to $2700)... General Clerk ($1260 to $2100)
...Postoffice Clerk ($1700 to $2300) ...Customs Inspector ($2100 up)
...mi Mail Carrier ($1180 to $2100) ...Rural Mail Carrier ($2100 to$3300)

Name

Address

[SELL ROSECLIFF SHIRTS!

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention this magazine.
Volume 210	SATURDAY, MARCH 15, 1930	Number 6

Joe played for Sue Dayton alone, in that
circus broadcast

  Caged

Joe Barry was a captive of the city he had tried to conquer; nor could he

             guess the amazing turn his captivity was to take

       By COURTNEY RYLEY COOPER

CHAPTER I.

A PRISONER OF THE SLUMS.

THERE seemed to be a new, sullen
note about the roar of the L
trains that Joe Barry never be-
fore had heard. The cobblestones be-
neath that ancient, bellowing structure
appeared slimier as he crouched behind
a scaly iron pillar to let a truck rumble

past. With a double glance, up and
down the tunnel-gray recesses, he ran
across the street car tracks to the pro-
tection of another pillar, huddled
there, glanced swiftly again and leaped
for the curbing. Joe Barry, a country
lad at heart, hated New York.

  There were reasons, of course. One
of them made itself apparent in his
clothing, much lighter in color and

724
CAGED.

725.

weight at the elbows and knees than in
the rest of its texture. His suit was
that peculiarly colorless gray so often
selected by those who purchase with
the idea of durability paramount. His
hat, also gray except for the dark
marks of perspiration, had been out of
shape long enough to assume a block
of its own. His shoes were unshined,
just as his suit long had been un-
pressed.

  There was, however, a different
bagginess about it from that of the
clothing of other Third Avenue habit-
ues. Theirs were out of shape merely
from lack of the iron. Joe Barry’s
clothing possessed deep creases and
manifold wrinkles; such imprints as
could only result from having dried on
the body after a thorough soaking.

  In the young man’s lapel buttonhole
was the limp, discolored remains of a
field flower. Crossing East Seven-
teenth Street before the traffic, he no-
ticed the withered bloom and with a
quick gesture, threw it away.

  The movement was impulsive. The
one which followed was equally so;
Joe Barry turned his head for an in-
stant and looked back to where the
dead flower lay in the path of truck
and taxi. It was only a glance, like
some one saying good-by too awk-
wardly to show emotion. Then the
young fellow hurried on again, dark
eyes centered upon an objective half-
way down the block.

A MISSHAPEN, three-story
frame building stood there, its
ill-painted clapboard front con-
ferring a queer sort of comparative
dignity to the dingy red-brick tene-
ments which squeezed it from each
side.

  This old place had no placards in the
windows. A second-hand store on the

street level only added to its air of dis-
habille ; a warped door at one side an-
nounced faintly the word: “ Lodg-
ings/’

  Into this doorway Joe Barry turned,
and moved swiftly up the creaking
stairway, halting, however, at the first
landing. A dim figure had shown it-
self, groping about the dusky hallway.

  “ Where’ve you been?” the lodger
complained. “ A hell of a note this is
—six o’clock and no beds made—”

  Joe Barry’s features took on a deep-
er tone of harassed grimness. “ Oh,
dry up!” he said in a tired voice.

  Then he went to the third floor and
unlocked the door leading to his mock-
ery of a room—a frayed piece of dirty
Chinese matting on the wide-cracked
floor; a bed, such as it was; a wash-
stand and its accouterments bearing
the black check-marks of age. There
was a chair, also, half hidden by a
scant burden of clothing; and a bu-
reau from which the veneering had
ballooned in large patches. Once in
the room, Joe Barry slumped to the
bed, his features flaccid except for one
particular, his eyes.

  Dark, deep, wistfully alert, they
stared beyond the tawdry things about
him, as if looking upon vistas of glori-
ous contentment. But after a time the
look vanished. The eyes hardened, as
if with protective intent. His hands,
peculiarly fine-fingered for the breadth
of them, went upward to an awkward
smoothing of his dark hair.

  Youth had departed in a sudden, ma-
turing process which made even twen-
ty-five an inadequate estimate of his
age. Finally he rose.

  “ They’ll all be squawking pretty
soon,” he mumbled. “ I’d better snap
into it.”

  He went down the steps then, after
locking his room—mainly a gesture,
726

ARGOSY.

since it contained so little. Soon, to
the complaints of the early arrivals, he
was at his work—the cleaning up of
the box-like rooms, a dab at sweeping,
the making of cot-like beds.

  This job was a side line which meant
free lodging for looking after the
twelve rooms whidT the rickety build-
ing contained. He was, in fact, a sort
of agent, chambermaid, and scrub-man
for a shiftless owner who never
troubled himself to appear unless Joe
should be late with his weekly collec-
tions. Then, a greasy, unkempt man
would hobble over from his miserly
quarters on East Fourteenth Street,
cursing the unreliability of the present
generation.

  More roomers came home, stumbling
up the worn steps, and instantly began
their complaints. Joe Barry turned his
head.

  “ Give a guy time!” he snapped.

  “ Time ?” asked a protesting voice.
“ How much time do you want ? These
rooms ought to be made up by noon;
you ain't even touched mine yet.”

  Another lodger joined the quarrel.

  “ You weren't here last night.”

 “ Oh, yeah?” asked Joe Barry
surlily.

  “ Oh, yeah! What a joint this is! A
lousy miser for a landlord and an ac-
cordion player for a chambermaid!”

  Then every one laughed, while Joe
Barry stood and scowled, one hand
beating slowly into the palm of the
other. At last his shoulders slumped
and he went silently back to his work,
a silence which continued, in spite of
complaining and of taunts, until his
last job was done.

WITH a sudden new air of hurry,
he went to his room, shaved
with cold water, changed to the
less shabby suit which hung over the

chair, and drew from beneath the bed
an oblong case of battered black. A
moment later he wras on the street,
bound for his work of the night.

  He walked; nickels were precious.
Long ago, he had convinced himself
that a wralk from Third Avenue and
Sixteenth Street to below Washington
Square was good for a fellow. Some-
times he strolled, looking in windows.
To-night, however, he all but ran; his
arm ached from its burden and he was
out of breath when at last he reached
Louie Bertolini's Italian Restaurant,
on the fringe of Greenwich Village.

  A loose-featured waiter, slumped on
his hips, hands limply clasped behind
his back, rolled his eyes toward the
stairs. Joe Barry knew him as Full-
House. Sometimes they called him
Kendall.

  “ Upstairs for you,” he said. Then
in reply to a swift question, “ Louie?
He ain’t come in yet.” At that he
grinned. “ You'll know when he gets
here.”

  Joe nodded acknowledgment to the
information and started toward a stair-
way leading from the main dining
room. The place could be matched a
thousand times in New York: made-
over rooms from an old residence;
small, square tables with imitation
flowers in cheap vases on limp, damp
linen; a telephone booth in the hallway.
Joe Barry knew it so well that the
slightest deviation wras arresting; he
halted at the stairway.

  “When did he get the radio?” he
asked.

  “ Las' night, when you never
showed up,” said Full-House, and on
his flat feet, moved away. But Joe
Barry remained at the bottom of the

               m/

stairs, looking with something of fright
at the unobtrusive brown cabinet and
its connection wire, leading to a light
1

CAGED.

                     *

727

socket. The instrument was quietly
prophetic.

  A few persons were upstairs, and
waiters moved - abstractedly about.
Louie Bertolini’s restaurant was a
straight joint; there was no incentive
of liquor to promote the service de-
rived from heavy tips. Joe Barry made
his way hastily to an old storeroom at
the rear and opened the black box. An
accordion, of the cheapest professional
kind, lay within. He brought it forth
and bent to receive its strap. Then he
went forth to his job of the night,
“ playing the tables.”

  It was only ordinary music, accom-
plished without interest and received
in the same manner. No one looked up,
no one applauded; Joe Barry, with his
tired features and the grim lines at the
corners of his lips, was merely a part
of the place, to be accepted along with
the damp linen and imitation flowers as
a penalty for the cheapness of the fare.

  He played softly. Sometimes he
played so softly that the tones could
not be heard above the conversation
and clatter of dishes. At such mo-
ments he seemed to forget his sur-
roundings and a wistful light would
come to his eyes.

  Often, too, during these abstracted
periods, such waiters as were idle
would saunter closer and listen with
idly cocked heads to a sort of music
different from Joe's usual offerings. It
was only temporary; there was a noise
from downstairs which needed drown-
ing, the insistent voice of the radio.
After a time, however, it ceased, and
Full-House shuffled up the stairs.

  “ Come on down,” he commanded,
“ the radio’s gone blooey.”

  Joe Barry obeyed wordlessly. The
lower restaurant was crowded now.
Louis had arrived and was talking
noisily in his cubbyhole of an office.

  After a long time the customers
thinned. There was only a party of
four stringy-haired women from
Greenwich Village at the round center
table, and a quietly dressed man who
dropped in n©w and then. Joe noticed
that he sat, as usual, at a little table in
the right-hand corner of the room
where his back would be to the wall
and his eyes toward the door.

  Joe Barry had thought nothing of
that; the table was there; many persons
sat at it. The entertainer’s only inter-
est, in fact, had been primarily that
this man seemed different from the
usual clientele. It had deepened, how-
ever, one night when, on departing,
the man had given him a dollar. But
he had not been back since, until to-
night.

  The entertainer looked in his direc-
tion and, smiling, started toward him
—the advances that a friendless dog
or a friendless human instinctively
makes toward any one who even pre-
tends a kindness.

JUST then the radio responded to the
tinkering of Full-House; and as if
on signal, Louie Bertolini, shiny-
haired, dumpy, his short arms swing-
ing out from his wide girth, his short
legs striding rapidly, came from his
office.

  “ So you came back, huh?” he asked
choppily. “ After you get over your
drunk, you come back to Louie!”

  Barry’s lips tightened.

  ‘'You know I don’t drink,” he said.

    I know what they tell Full-House
at the rooming place. I know you
weren't here. I know you did not send
me some word, you did not say: * I am
sorry, I am sick, get another boy, kiss
my foot!’ Where did you go?”

  Joe Barry swung his accordion to a
chair.
728

ARGOSY.

  “ Up by Newburgh. You wouldn’t
understand/’

  “You should want I wouldn’t un-
derstand ! Why you should go by
Newburgh?”

  Joe fumbled at the accordion strap.
“ Well, it’s spring, if you’ve got to
know.”

  “ And what of it? I should believe
that! Where did you stay?”

  Joe Barry tightened his lips.

  “ You wouldn’t understand that
either. I slept in a haystack.”

  Louie Bertolini opened wide his
mouth, and made clawing motions at
his slick hair.

  “Am I a fool?” he asked. “You
slept in a haystack? You were out
here in New York with a cheecken,
and you come back and tell me funny
stories.”

  The young man scowled.

  “ I’ve told you the truth!” he
snapped. “ I know where I was. I
can take you to a man who saw me,
a farmer. I tried to stay all night at
his place. He’ll remember me. I guess
I could find the farm,” came after a
pause. “ It was somewhere below Orrs
Mills; there was a truck turned over
on a side road about a mile above it. I
could go by that.”

  “Ha, ha!” said Louie Bertolini. It
wasn’t a laugh—it was merely the two
ejectives uttered without expression.
“ I should go clear up to Newburgh
to find out if you asked somebody to

stay all night____I should get along

without crazy people!” he added after
an instant. Then he pattered away.
“ Go wherever you pliss after to-night;
I’ve got a radio.” Then over his shoul-
der : “ Come back Saturday and get

your pay.”

  There was no answer to make.
There was nothing to do. The four
stringy-haired women were leaving

their table; the man in the corner had
asked for his check. Joe looked in his
direction and forced a broken smile.

  “ I guess that’s that,” he said. The
man smiled in return, then raised his
brows sharply. Joe obeyed the sum-
mons, as the diner surveyed the room
quickly, with a seemingly casual glance
of his dark blue eyes.

  “ Broke?”

   “ Yes, sir; flat.”

  “ It’s tough.” He chewed at his
lower lip. Then he leaned closer.
“Tell you what you do. Be at Chris-
topher Street and Seventh Avenue in
an hour. Just stand on the corner. I’ll
pick you up in a car. We’ll take a little
ride together. It might be something
that you can’t afford to pass up.”

   “ Yes, sir.”

CHAPTER II.

A STRANGE ESCAPE.

IT was some time after the machine
had picked him up before Joe Barry
could pull himself out of his daze.
He had not expected a limousine and
a chauffeur.

  He hadn't noticed the car when it
had pulled swiftly up to him where he
waited, other than that it was big and
rich and gleaming. Neither did he now
notice that the rear curtain was pulled
and that his benefactor sat well back
in his side of the seat, so that no lights
fell upon him from the street. For a
time, there was silence. Then:

  “Well, since we’ve got to get ac-
quainted sooner or later, I’m an attor-
ney. Tohn B. Martin, 60 Wall Street.”
“Yes, sir.”

  There was silence for a time. It was
nearly midnight now; traffic was light.
The car eased swiftly along Fifth Ave-
nue, across Fifty-Ninth Street and into
CAGED.

729

the Park. Martin straightened, and
leaned forward.

  “ Well, boy,” he said, “ been in New
York long?”

  “ Yes, sir, three years. Anyway, it
seems a long time.”

  “ I guess that depends on how things
break. Where’d you come from?”
“Missouri. Waverly; it’s an old
town 011 the River. My folks lived
about four miles from there/’

  “ Still live there?”

  “ No, sir. They're dead.”

  “ Got lots of relatives around there?
Most country people have.”

  Joe Barry shook his head.

  “No, sir. We just sort of drifted.
My dad was a farm tenant.”

“ And so, in a jam like you’re in now
—broke and out of a job—there’s no-
body you can really turn to. That it?”
“Yes, sir.” Then suddenly: “I’ve
kind of lost heart, here in New York.”
“Got you whipped? Well, it’s done
a lot of them that way.” At last:
“Why did you come here, anyway?”
“ I thought I’d set it on fire,” Toe
Barry said bitterly. The other man
laughed.

  “ Didn’t anybody tell you it was fire-
proof ?”

  “ Everybody told me I could get rich
here.” Interest had loosed the gates of
a taciturnity developed through the
long knowledge that nobody cared and
nobody wanted to know. “ I used to
play the accordion for dances around
Waverly and everybody thought I was
great. Finally it got so they didn’t want
the regular orchestra at all, just me.
Then I sort of fixed up the dance hall,
for special things, you know. I’d have
a Halloween party with pumpkins and
all that, and one for Christmas and
New Year’s and Valentine’s.

  “ I kept saving and everything, and
finally I got a forty-eight base accor-

dion ; that’s a professional one. It’s got
a piano keyboard. But the real big
ones, the kind they use on the stage,
like Phil Baker, they use the hundred
and twenty base—that’s the little keys
you work with your left hand. I can
play that kind too.”

  “ So they thought you were pretty
good around Waverly,” said the other
man, shifting the subject from lengthy
enthusiasm. “ Then they kidded you
into coming to New York; and when
you got here, Broadway told you to go
get a 4 rep.’ Is that it?”

  “ Yes, sir.”

  “ I guess I know the rest; it’s old
stuff. Now you’re out of a job. No-
body cares what happens to you. You
don’t care much yourself, do you?”

  “ No, sir.”

  “ Then how would you like to get
ten thousand dollars for a few years’
work?”

JOE BARRY’S lips parted, but he
said nothing. Even if he could have
thought of something to say, there
would not have been the power to utter
it. Martin leaned closer.

  “ Ten grand, as they say on Broad-
way. All you’ve got to do is keep quiet
and leave New York for a while.”
“Where to?”

  The man shrugged his shoulders.
“ Oh, up the river a piece, as you’d say
in Missouri.”

  Toe Barry laughed. “That’s what
got me into trouble just now—going
up the river a piece.”

  “ Maybe it made you a lot of dough.
How about that viewpoint ? Had a
good time, did you?”

  “ I sure did,” Joe chuckled. “ Every
spring, I just think I’ll go crazy here
in town. So yesterday morning, I woke
up early and I just didn’t even stop to
consider, I took all the money I had
730

ARGOSY.

and went out and caught a bus and got
off somewhere up around Newburgh.
I got away off on a side road, and
found a crick there, and fooled around
it until nearly dark. All of a sudden, a
rain came up. Gee, I got soaked. It
was kind of fun,” he added. “ Still,
it got me to thinking about what I'd
done.”

  “ The wide open spaces didn't look
so good, eh?”

  “ Oh, it would have been all right,
except that it kept on raining. Well, I
got under a tree and waited a long time
until it stopped. Then I started out and
got off 011 another side road. It must
have been after midnight before I came
back to the main highway. I guess
there had been an accident. There were
some red lights out and something
that looked like a truck turned over.”

  “ Anybody around to tell what hap-
pened?”

  “ I don't know. I thought afterward
that maybe I should have gone up
there, in case any one was hurt—still,
they'd put out red lights, so people
must have been there. I just kept on
until I saw a light in a farmhouse and
went up and asked if I could stay all
night. The old fellow must not have
liked my looks. He ran me away. So
I sneaked over in a field and burrowed
into a haystack.”

  “Come into town this morning?”
asked Martin. The machine had
started upon a second circle of Central
Park.

  “ No, this afternoon. I must have
been dog-tired; I slept until after one
o’clock. Finally when I did come out,
some fellows were in a field in a
wagon. They yelled and started after
me. I heard one of them shouting to
the other about getting a gun, and call-
ing the sheriff, so you bet I ran!” Joe
Barry laughed. “ I guess farmers in

the East here are a lot different about
people getting into their fields from
what they are back home.”

  “ Yes, I suppose so.” Martin lit a
cigarette, holding his hands care-
fully about the lighter. “ Outran
’em, though?”

  “ Yes, sir. Easy. They didn’t see
me again after I ducked into a little
grove. I caught the bus about four
miles down the road.” Joe Barry
shifted suddenly. “ But here I’ve been
going on—”

  “ Quite all right. It was very inter-
esting.” Then, at quick variance, Mar-
tin asked: “ I gather you haven't a
sweetie here in New York?”

  “ No, sir.”

  “ No girl you're crazy about, or one
who is crazy about you?”

  The young man laughed.

  “ No such luck, Mr. Martin. Why?”
“ Just thought I’d ask.” His voice
became more crisp. “ Now about my
end of this affair. As I told you, I'm
an attorney. Now and then I am called
upon to represent persons who get into
trouble. I have a case now. A young
fellow I knew tried to beat the Jones
Law—transporting liquor, you know.”
“ I don't fool around liquor much
myself.”

  “ So I gathered. That makes it all
the better; a clean record, you know.”

  “ Yes, sir?” said Joe hazily.

MARTIN went on:

“ Naturally, my client doesn’t
care to suffer the penalties. It’s
largely a matter of circumstantial
evidence. So we come to the point.
How would you like to step into his
shoes?”

  There was a moment of waiting.

  “ I don’t think I understand.” *

  “ Well, I don't know how to make
it any plainer. You give up your free-
CAGED.

731

dom for a while—the Jones Law in it-
self, you know, isn't so bad. Courts
have the right to use their discretion
on first offenders; it’s only the hard-
boiled ones who get the maximum, five
years, with time off for good behavior.
My client can't afford to take the
‘ rap,' as they call it. You can. I’m
offering you ten thousand dollars to
do it.”

  “ But I’d go to prison!” The youth’s
voice carried a tremor; Martin met it
with matter-of-factness.

  “All right,” he answered. “We’ll
suppose that you go to prison. The
only things prisons accomplish are to
rob a man of his social position and
his freedom to make a living, and give
him a sense of shame. Think that over.
iYou haven’t any social position. Your
freedom doesn’t make any difference,
because you’re a prisoner anyway.
Aren’t you a prisoner?” he asked
sharply. “ Are you getting any sense
of freedom out of this life you’re liv-
ing?”

  “No, sir; it’s just a bed and three
meals a day.”

                                 •r

  “ Then you’re caged, in a way.
There wouldn’t be any shame, because
a person must have something on his
conscience before he can feel sorry
for an act. You’re innocent. That
leaves one more point, the matter of
income. Suppose you had to do two
years. You’d have a roof over your
head, three meals a day, comparatively
kind treatment as long as you obeyed
the rules, care in case of illness, the
chance to play in the orchestra and be
a trusty ; and besides that, you’d have
the knowledge that you were doing a
job for which you were being paid
nearly fourteen dollars a day, Sundays
and holidays included.”

  Joe Barry felt suddenly dizzy.

  “ But how would I know—?”

  “ That you were to be treated
squarely?” The man drew a hand
from his pocket. “ Lean forward and
count that—there’s enough light from
the dash.”

  The dizziness increased. Joe Barry’s
fingers fumbled with the bills; his lips
moved with audible undertones.

  “ Nine hundred and forty, nine-
sixty, nine-eighty, a thousand.”

A FELLOW could do a lot with
ten times that much money,”
the voice beside him was say-
ing. “ What’s a few years anyway?
You’re only about twenty-five.”

  “ But I wouldn’t know what to do or
say. I’d have to give myself up and
say I’d done things that they could
prove I didn’t.”

  “ Don’t let that worry you. All you
have to do is to refuse to answer any
and all questions. That’s no difficult
job. Well,” he asked quickly, “ do you
want to keep that money?”

  Joe Barry rubbed a hand across his
eyes.

  “ I don’t know. I’d get everything
balled up. Oh, it isn’t that I care about
the—the other!” he broke forth sud-
denly. “ I’d as lief be dead as the way
I’ve been going!”

  “ There you are. I’m handing you a
chance to trade a few years for a good
time all the rest of your life. Think it
over.”

  “ But— ”

  “ Kid,” the man leaned closer, “ that
word ‘ but ’ has licked more men than
all the penitentiaries in the wrorld. Can
it. Look here,” he said. “ I’ll give you
to-night to think it over. Keep the
money. Come to Louie’s to-mor-
row at noon if you’re going to be
a welcher. If not, get yourself on a
morning train and hop out of town for
another day’s good time. Just look the
732

ARGOSY

country over and see if it isn't worth
trading a few years for.”

  “ Gee, I’d like to.” Barry leaned for-
ward, still fingering the bills. They
were his if he wanted them. “ But
they’d raise the devil over at the
house.”

  “The lodgers, you mean? I’ll
handle that. Got a pass-key, haven’t
you ? Give it to me; I’ll have the chauf-
feur drop by and fix up the place. For-
get that part of it. You’ll get your in-
structions when you come back from
the country to-morrow night. Doji’t
worry about that.”

  “ But when should I be back?”
Martin’s vague form moved jerkily;
■—a shrugging of the shoulders.

  “ Suit yourself,” he said. “ Be back
at your room some time around mid-
night. I’ll probably be waiting for you.
If I’m not there right on the dot, you’ll
hear from me within a few minutes.”

AN hour later Joe Barry stood
^ trembling in his gaslit room.

     One sweating hand was clasped
about the heavy roll of bills in
his trousers pocket. What were
a few years to a young fel-
low? A person had to get a start
in life somehow—and that would be
better than half starving—half starv-
ing and being caged up here in the city,
in a room like this!

  A late L train roared past, shaking
the old building. A truck clattered and
back-fired on the cobblestoned street
below. Joe Barry spread the certifi-
cates out before him, one beside the
other, until they covered the entire
center of his bed. There would be nine
times this many more, put to his credit
wherever he should say.

  Ten thousand dollars would buy a
little business, maybe a music store,
and a home in some small town. Start

him up in life where he could amount to
something.

  After a long time, he counted the
bills again. Then, with a feeling of
great riches, he extracted a hundred
dollars and stuffed it into a pocket.
Following this, he carefully slit the
soggy mattress at a seam, tucked the
rest of his fortune deep within the
damp interior, sewed up the hole with
a needle and thread from his bachelor’s
kit—and tried to sleep.

CHAPTER III.

brief holiday.

MONEY had done its work by
morning. Symbol though it
might be of impending lack of
freedom, it now held the lure of some-
thing exactly the opposite.

  Just above the stratum of the “flop
house” lies a plane of New York life
in which anything out of the routine
seldom happens. Joe Barry had led
this sort of humdrum existence. He
knew of the city’s happenings only
through the newspapers, and then with
insufficient background to grasp them
truly.

  His ideas of penal institutions were
still based upon these things as he knew
them: the small jail in Waverly where
the incarcerations of the town drunk
were more a subject for laughter than
anything else; the county institutions
he had seen here and there.

  These were places to be avoided, it
is true, yet not imbued with the formid-
able aspects which a knowledge of a
true prison can give one. Dannemora,
Sing Sing—these were merely names,
without giving anything to aid in their
visualization.

  Such thoughts, however, were not in
Joe Barry’s mind in detail. He only
CAGED.

733

knew that he was going to lose his
identity- for a few years in some sort
of an institution, and that he was
to be paid ten thousand dollars for it.

  Toe had never before seen more than
a hundred and fifty dollars at one time
—that was when he had saved for
three years to buy his accordion. Now
he could call one thousand dollars his
own, and there were nine thousand
dollars more to come. He was rich!

  It was with this feeling of wealth,
bathing his brain with anaesthetic un-
guents, that he took an early train out
of the city. A day out of town, to do
as he pleased, with no thought of any-
thing except that he was wealthy and
free!

  That was strange, he thought. Here
he was, a fellow who had made a con-
tract to go to prison, and because of
that he was free! Free from the
querulous demands of that dirty lodg-
ing house on Third Avenue, from the
invectives of Louie, the uncomplimen-
tary remarks of Full-House, and the
apathy of diners, gobbling spaghetti.

  Best of all he was free from fear,
that gnawing sense of the ominous
which every country boy Has in New
York—fear of traffic, fear of the noise,
fear of the friendlessness and coldness,
fear of actual hunger when a job has
departed and days elapse before a fel-
low can stumble into another one.

  Those contented souls who love to
talk of New York as just a collection
of little country towns have never
come from an inland village, seeking
its counterpart in a land of cement and
steel and taxicabs.

BY noon, Joe Barry was eighty
miles from New York in a Penn-
sylvania factory town. That is, in
the physical sense. Mentally, he had
crossed the continent—an entire

sphere, in fact, to a new and utterly
different life.

  He went to the barber shop and for
once did all the things he often had
longed to do, from the bath onward to
the last item upon the list of tonics and
massages. Then had come a clothing
store where Joe had bought recklessly;
through his ideas of wealth were suffi-
ciently warped to hold his purchases
far within his resources.

  At last everything else purchased, a
different Joe Barry, newly if not
stylishly dressed, alert, pleased with
himself, the hard lines gone from the
corners of his lips, paused in the fitting
of a new hat.

  “I thought I heard band music,” he
said to the clerk.

  The salesman looked at his watch,
then went to the door, leaning far out.

  “ The parade,” he said on returning.
“ Late as usual. Ever see a circus
parade on time?”

  Joe Barry heard only two words.

  “Circus parade!” he said and
grinned. “ Gee! A big circus?”

  “ Not so big. Dayton Brothers.
Pretty good—at least, it was last year.”

  Joe Barry saw the fag end of the
parade—small shows which exhibit in
small towns have a privilege denied
larger attractions these days. Cities
and traffic killed the “grand, glittering
pageant” several years ago. But this
was not a city, and this was not a big
show.

  After Joe had eaten his luncheon he
went out to the circus grounds. Free,
a pocketful of money, new clothes,
shoes that hurt a little, and a circus!

  Three hours later he was still on the
show grounds, merely wandering
around. He had seen the big show,
and the side show twice. Now it was
simply a matter of making a lingering
farewell.
734

ARGOSY.

  This day seemed to have made him
wholly naive, as though the adultera-
tion of the city had been utterly erased;
he stopped to talk to canvasmen and
roughnecks.

  He peered into the wagons and won-
dered at the mystery of a circus, com*
ing out of the night to transform a
vacant lot into a wonderland, then dis-
appearing into the shadows, leaving
only the bare circle-marks of the rings
and a litter of empty peanut sacks to
prove its actuality.

  He gawked at the portable electric
light plant, chortling busily in a red
wagon; he listened to the post-matinee
ballyhoo on the kid show platform, and
to the gruff roarings of the animals in
the menagerie tent.

   At last he paused before a small tent,
set apart from the dressing tent proper,
looking down with sudden longing
upon a glittering thing which rested
upon a chair there.

  “Gee!” he said at last. “It’s an
Iorio!”

  After a time, he glanced about, like
a boy about to go under a fence to an
apple orchard. Then he leaned for-
ward and touched it.

  “ Gee!” he said again in an awe-
struck whisper.

  It was the first time he had ever
seen one outside of a music store show-
window. There were mother of pearl
base-keys. The sides were of silver-
stone celluloid, reflecting in the late
afternoon sun with bursts of kaleido-
scopic colors. The bellowTs were of
milk-white kid.

  Again Joe Barry glanced about him,
then impulsively picked up the instru-
ment to run his fingers over the piano
keyboard and to tap the tiny mother-
of-pearl proturberations which denoted
that it was indeed a “ hundred and
twenty base.”

  Temptation was strong. At last he
yielded.

HE used the bellows softly, surrep-
titiously, as if he were actually
stealing the melody. A truly
professional instrument like this had
figured in many a dream of J©e
Barry’s; the music of true steel-reeds,
the soft action of delicately Balanced
piano keys, the instant response to
pressure.

  Unconsciously his fingers played
more swiftly upon the keys and the
pull of the bellows grew stranger. The
circus faded. He was nowhere in par-
ticular, just standing somewhere in
space, fingering the sort of instrument
he had longed for all his life, and giv-
ing to it the soul that had been caged
by disappointment, by lack of interest,
by disillusionment and hardships—

   “ That's pretty,” a voice said.

  The music ceased. Joe Barry felt
the blood streaming into his face; he
gulped and hastily replaced the accor-
dion upon the chair.

  “ I didn’t mean to play it,” he said
boyishly. Dazedly he realized that the
girl who faced him, now in street cloth-
ing, had been a person of silk and tulle
when he last had seen her, swinging
gracefully about the center ring of the
circus upon a dapple gray horse. Then
haltingly:

   “ It’s yours, I guess?”

  “ It’s in my act,” she said.

  A pause followed, awkward yet
natural, the mutual dispersing of all
else while two young persons took
stock of each other.

  The girl was young, only a year or
so more than twenty. She was vibrant
and alert; with something more in the
blue depths of her eyes than mere
beauty. Her lips were the kind that
laughed easily, yet which could settle
CAGED.

735

as quickly into firmness. Joe looked at
her hands unconsciously; some one had
told him that a circus girl’s hands were
hard and coarse. But these were fair,
with tapering fingers.

  Then the sun came gliding about the
end of the little tent and crept into her
hair, weaving a thousand meshes of
gold there. She straightened, the clean-
limbed vivacity of her rounding into
evidence even under the handicap of
clothing.

  Joe liked her shoulders. They would
have a delicious swing about them if
she should be walking with a fellow
along a sleepy, hedge-lined road. Sud-
denly the girl said:

  “ Why don't you play some more?”

  Joe Barry stammered.

  “ I don’t know many things,” he
fenced, and belied himself by reaching
eagerly for the gleaming instrument on
the chair. “ A fellow doesn't get a
chance to meet up with an Iorio every
day.”

  “ A what?” asked the girl.

  “ This kind of professional accor-
dion. You know they’re different from
most kinds. Know much-about accor-
dions?”

   “ I’m afraid not,” the girl confessed,
and came closer. “ You see, Uncle
Dan—Mr. Dayton, you know—”

  “Oh, he’s your uncle?” asked Joe
Barry, somewhat awed.

  “ Yes. I’m Sue Dayton/’ She smiled
at the puzzled look in his eyes. “ You’re
thinking of Mile. La Fleur—that’s just
my sawdust name. My father and
Uncle Dan were partners, until dad
died. Uncle Dan really reared me in
the ring; dad always looked after the
business end of the show.”

  “ I see.” As a matter of fact. Joe
Barry had paid little attention. Now
with quick fingerings, he drew a soft
melody from the responsive instrument

in his grasp. Then again: “ Gee, I
oughtn’t to be fooling around with
this; it’s too valuable.”

“I WISH Blackie Jordan thought
J so,” said the girl. “ This is the
second time he’s just left it out
here by my tent without telling me.
Good thing Uncle Dan didn’t notice

  “ He’s the fellow who plays for
you?” queried Joe.

  “ You saw the act, did you?”

  “ Yes.” Joe was awkwardly silent.
The girl smiled.

  “ Go ahead—you didn’t like it?”

  “ Oh, I liked you.”

  “But you didn’t like the act?
Well,” the girlishness of her had faded
into a youthful maturity, “ I know it
isn’t what it should be. You see, in
the beginning, the idea was fine. Uncle
Dan and I were looking for a dif-
ferent way to put on an equestrian act.
There was a young Italian in the show
then who could play the accordion. So
between everybody, we decided on
dressing Lombardi in a Pierrot cos-
tume, with me as a Pierrette, and shut-
ting off the rest of the show to have
him sing and play in the center of the
ring while I rested between turns. We
could do that all right; the tent is small
enough for a voice to reach all parts
of it.”

  Strangeness had vanished between
the two now; youth has a habit of be-
ing able to wipe out extraneous matters
when a common bond has been found.

  “ We’d planned it a lot different
from the way Blackie does it. But
Lombardi was hurt just a week before
we opened, and I don’t suppose he’ll
ever be able to troupe again. We’d al-
ready spent all this money for the best
accordion Uncle Dan could buy, so we
thought we’d salvage what we could.
736

ARGOSY.

Of course Blackie only plays a little,
and he hates it, so he doesn’t help
much.”

  “ You know, I thought that! I kind
of felt he hurt things,” Joe confessed.
“ You were so—so pretty and graceful,
riding around there, and so, oh, you
know, sort of fresh and sweet-looking
and everything—■”

  “ Be careful!” Sue Dayton laughed,
and grasping a guy rope, put her head
against her upraised arm.

  “ Well—you know, I was just tell-
ing you what I was thinking. If there
were somebody in there who just loved
to play, then, instead of just the circus
shutting down, maybe there could be
some of those flower-ropes, I don’t
know what you call them, let down
from above, with those girls that are
in the grand entree—is that what you
call it?—moving around slowly, weav-
ing them in and out. Of course, it was
kind of silly; I’ve never seen anything
in a circus like that.”

  “ Silly?” The girl touched his arm.
“Just because it’s never been done?”
Suddenly she whirled, and called:
“ Uncle Dan!”

  A red-faced man with gray hair and
a bulbous nose halted abruptly in his
swift course from the padroom en-
trance of the big top. A riding crop
banged angrily against his shiny ris-
ing boots. He glared, lips pursed, then
jamming his free hand into a pocket of
his tight-fitting riding breeches, he
jerked forth a flaming handkerchief
with which he wiped at his forehead.

  “ Where’s Blackie?” he demanded
brusquely. , “ They’re just about set up
over there.”

“ I guess he’s gone as usual,” Sue
said at last. “ I found the accordion
on the chair outside my dressing tent.”
“ Every time I want that fellow, he’s
somewhere else!”

  “ You told him we were going to
broadcast, didn’t you?”

  “ Told him? I made a speech about
it.” Again he looked toward Joe Bar-
ry as if trying to understand his pres-
ence. “You with the broadcasting
outfit?”

  Sue Dayton laughed.

  “ No,” she explained. “ Mr.—he
and I just happened to meet here, Uncle
Dan. He’s got the most wonderful
idea for my act.”

  ‘‘Theatrical business?”

  “ No, sir,” said Joe hesitantly.

  HE just happened to see the act
and we got to talking about it,”
said Sue again. “ Really, it
would be beautiful—”

  Again the riding crop banged against
bootleather.

  “ What time have I got to be talk-
ing about acts now?” asked Dan Day-
ton in a tone of exasperation. “ Talk
about it after awhile. I’ve got that
broadcast on my mind. Never saw it
to fail with one of these private sta-
tions. I bought their hour for three
o’clock. Here they are now, delayed
till five o’clock, with half the people
off the lot. Well, come on, Sue, we’ll
have to frame up some kind of a pro-
gram—anything to get by with.” Then
he whirled and started away, only to
halt. “ Play that thing-a-ma-jig?” he
asked of Toe Barry.

  “ A little.”

  ‘‘Just listen!” the girl chided. “He
plays it beautifully!”

  “ Looking for a job?” Uncle Dan
Dayton's choler had given way to in-
terested showmanship.

  Joe Barry stammered.

  “ Well, I don’t know. Yes—I guess
I'd sure like one.”

  “ Sing any?”

   “ A little.”

                     1 A
738

ARGOSY.

at the microphone, laughing and talk-
ing to an invisible audience: some
clowns, still in make-up, standing in the
background; Cat-House Green, the me-
nagerie superintendent, fussing about
as he made ready to extract roars and
growls from a cage of lions and tigers
which had been hauled close to the
point of broadcast; Uncle Dan making
announcements.

  These things had passed almost un-
noticed, yet they would live forever
with Joe Barry. Then, too, there had
been his own act when fright of the
microphone had been forgotten in a
greater sensation. Joe had not played
for the radio audience. He had played
for Sue Dayton, smiling at him from
the sidelines, and making the motions
of applause.

  After the broadcasting had finished,
he had still lingered, even though there
had drummed through his brain the
galling insistence that he must hurry
away, back to the city and to a man
who was awaiting him for a verdict.

  It had been strange happiness, this
mixture of fear and agony and joy,
this constant conflict of watchfulness
and naivete, of friendly conversa-
tion and inner guardedness.

  There had been so many things to
see and do; dinner in the cook-house,
wandering around the lot during the
cool of evening, and after that, the
performance and a seat in the first row
where he could watch Sue as she came
into the ring and dream of how won-
derful it would be if he could only take
the place of that lackadaisical Blackie
who played as though he hated it.

  Ambition had truly come to Joe
for the first time in his life, for the
simple reason that for the first time he
had found himself in the atmosphere
for which he was fitted.

  The circus!

  To grow with it, to learn it and
understand it, to build with it and for
it, and make her know that he was the
kind of a fellow who could broaden out
and accomplish things . . .

BUT finally the act was over and
Joe Barry found himself outside
the circus tent, stumbling along
in the moonlight because she had told
him to meet her—and talk over his
salary and contract. And the old fear
was on him anew, that there could be
no contract because there was a pre-
vious one, by which he must cease to
exisj^as a human entity.

  At last he saw her, awaiting him at
the padroom entrance, dressed for the
street. Now they were walking, and
he had taken her arm, as if to guide her
over the roughness of the lot; the
warmth of her flesh had crept through
to the palm of his hand and was thril-
ling onward to his heart.

  “ As if I hadn’t walked around the
lot all my life,” she said. But she did
not draw away.

  Onward they went, past the place
where her little tent had been; already
it was dismantled and being shoved
into the canvas wagon, while property
men were running with her trunks to
another tableau, that they also might
be packed.

  The horse tents were gone, too, and
the cook-house; vague, bulking forms,
the elephants were leaving the lot, and
the sidewalls were being dropped from
the menagerie as the last of the animal
dens was hauled forth to start upon its
journey to the loading runs. The cir-
cus was dismantling in a dozen places,
even while it offered its wares to the
night audience.

  For the first time, Joe really under-
stood its magic, the speed and system
by which it worked.
I

CAGED.	739

  Here went a stake-puller, method-
ically yanking out the heavy spines
of wood which had been so painstak-
ingly driven into the ground that
morning. Over at the side show, set
off to one side now by the descent of
the Midway concessions, the lights still
gleamed and the triangle clattered as
the ballyhoo man strove for just one
more audience before disintegration
must begin there also.

  In the darkness, six- and eight-horse
teams stood quietly, patient shadows
awaiting their loads, their drivers
drowsing upon their backs. Menagerie
boys passed, whistling against the dark-
ness, with the led stock: Shetlands,
goats, llamas, and the one camel. Back
at the big top the band flared into a
blatant chord and began rapidly with
new music.

  “ Uncle Dan’s railroading the show,”
she said. “ We’ve got a long run to-
night.”

  “ I thought you always railroaded,’’
said Joe,

  “ Circus slang for hurry,” said Sue
Dayton. “ Making it move a little
faster so we can be loaded and out of
town for a long trip. We’ve always
got to be thinking about to-morrow.”

  She paused then, and by her action,
turned Joe about to follow her gaze.
They had progressed almost the
breadth of the lot now; the circus
was in the far away, a squatty, bright-
spotted tent, shaded at the eaves by the
shadows of the spectators.

  The flags had been lowered from the
mastheads. The menagerie tent had
disappeared even in this short space of
time; there was no trace of it, save the
stark poles, standing black in the bril-
liant moonlight, and the shadows of
men, doubled over the ground as they
went about the unlacing of the “round
top ” and middle pieces.

  But the big top was there; the moon
rode high above it, giving a mellow ap-
pearance to its splotches of light, and
to the canvas itself a pearly brilliance.

  IT’S the only time we ever look
back. That's the wonderful thing
about the circus,” she philos-
ophized. “ Yesterday’s dead. To-day’s
just to-day—it'll be yesterday too as
soon as the performance is over. But
to-morrow will be a new day, with a
different town and a new lot and new
faces and a new chance for a big house
and a good performance. Isn’t it won-
derful—to live always in to-morrow?”
Joe Barry cleared his throat. He
jerked at his shoulders as if to free
them from a sudden weight.

  “ To-morrow may not be so good for
me,” he said huskily. It was an uncon-
scious admission. The girl paused.

  “ But why?’’ she laughed. “ That’s
not very complimentary to us.”

  “ Oh, I didn’t mean it that wray.”
Companionship, confidence, the feeling
of a friendly person had all but broken
the barriers of secrecy. “ I want to
come here more than anything else in
the world,” he burst forth. “ If I can.”
“ But maybe you can get out of this
other job. I hope you can,” Sue went
on. “ Do you know you just seem
to be showfolks. That’s the highest
compliment we know—to call outsiders
showfolks. But you really seem to be
meant for the circus. We can tell
pretty easily whether a person genuine-
ly loves it or not.”

  “ Yes—I guess so.”

  “ And don’t let Uncle Dan make you
nervous. That’s all exterior; he’s
really as gentle as a kitten.”

  “ He doesn’t mean anything,” said
Joe dully.

  “ And really, he’s terribly excited
over your idea.”

t
I

CAGED.	739

  Here went a stake-puller, method-
ically yanking out the heavy spines
of wood which had been so painstak-
ingly driven into the ground that
morning. Over at the side show, set
off to one side now by the descent of
the Midway concessions, the lights still
gleamed and the triangle clattered as
the ballyhoo man strove for just one
more audience before disintegration
must begin there also.

  In the darkness, six- and eight-horse
teams stood quietly, patient shadows
awaiting their loads, their drivers
drowsing upon their backs. Menagerie
boys passed, whistling against the dark-
ness, with the led stock: Shetlands,
goats, llamas, and the one camel. Back
at the big top the band flared into a
blatant chord and began rapidly with
new music.

  “ Uncle Dan’s railroading the show,”
she said. “We’ve got a long run to-
night.”

  “ I thought you always railroaded,”
said Joe.

  “ Circus slang for hurry,” said Sue
Dayton. “ Making it move a little
faster so we can be loaded and out of
town for a long trip. We’ve always
got to be thinking about to-morrow.”

  She paused then, and by her action,
turned Joe about to follow her gaze.
They had progressed almost the
breadth of the lot now; the circus
was in the far away, a squatty, bright-
spotted tent, shaded at the eaves by the
shadows of the spectators.

  The flags had been lowered from the
mastheads. The menagerie tent had
disappeared even in this short space of
time: there was no trace of it, save the
stark poles, standing black in the bril-
liant moonlight, and the shadows of
men, doubled over the ground as they
went about the unlacing of the “round
top ” and middle pieces.

  But the big top was there; the moon
rode high above it, giving a mellow ap-
pearance to its splotches of light, and
to the canvas itself a pearly brilliance.

  IT’S the only time we ever look
back. That's the wonderful thing
about the circus,’’ she philos-
ophized. “ Yesterday’s dead. To-day’s
just to-day—it’ll be yesterday too as
soon as the performance is over. But
to-morrow will be a new day, with a
different town and a new lot and new
faces and a new chance for a big house
and a good performance. Isn’t it won-
derful—to live always in to-morrow?”
Joe Barry cleared his throat. He
jerked at his shoulders as if to free
them from a sudden weight.

  “ To-morrow may not be so good for
me,” he said huskily. It was an uncon-
scious admission. The girl paused.

  14 But why?” she laughed. “ That’s
not very complimentary to us.”

  “ Oh, I didn’t mean it that way.”
Companionship, confidence, the feeling
of a friendly person had all but broken
the barriers of secrecy. “ I want to
come here more than anything else in
the world,” he burst forth. “ If I can.”
“ But maybe you can get out of this
other job. I hope you can,” Sue went
on. “ Do you know you just seem
to be showfolks. That’s the highest
compliment we know—to call outsiders
showfolks. But you really seem to be
meant for the circus. We can tell
pretty easily whether a person genuine-
ly loves it or not.”

  “ Yes—I guess so.”

  “ And don’t let Uncle Dan make yoit
nervous. That’s all exterior; he’s
really as gentle as a kitten.”

  “ He doesn’t mean anything,” said
Joe dully.

  “ And really, he’s terribly excited
over your idea.”

/
740

ARGOSY.

  “ Was he ?” Joe Barry bucked up mo-
mentarily. “ I've got a new one/' he
added hastily. “ It came to me while I
was watching your act. The old stage
manager out in Waverly used to call it
a snow-box. Anyway, you could have
one of those hung away up above you.
and it would sift out pieces of paper that
would look like apple blossoms falling
and then you could have colored flood-
lights to throw on it—you know, when
the playing and singing is going on.”

  “ Oh, that would be just beautiful.”
Sue Dayton clapped her hands. “ I’ll
take it up with Uncle Dan. We’ll have
it all fixed up bv the time you come
back.”

OE BARRY rubbed a palm across
his eyes.

  “ What if I shouldn’t’ come
back?” he asked boyishly. “ Would
you feel mad about it?”

  “ Of course not. We realize how
those things are. We’d like to have
you, though, if you can arrange it.”
They were merely strolling now. “ Cir-
cus people have to be a lot different
from most persons in business. The
time element forces us to use snap
judgment. But,” she laughed, “ we’re
pretty good judges of human nature.
We don’t make many mistakes.”

  “ You—you think I'm all right,
then?” he asked haltingly.

  “ Why, of course. Why not?”

  Joe Barry stumbled.

  “ Oh, I’m in trouble, Miss Dayton,”
he blurted. Reserve for the moment
had vanished. “ A man is trying to get
me into a mess. I promised I’d do
something for him—he was paying me
for it. I was broke; I’d got fired
from my job. And he came along and
offered me a lot of money and I wasn’t
thinking wrhat I was doing. Now may-
be he’ll make me go through with it,

and I don’t want to. I don’t want to
do anything that isn’t right, Miss Day-
ton.”

  She laughed; there was surprise in it.

  “ Any one could tell that.” Then
soberly: “ I knew you were worried
about something.”

  “ I’m awful worried,” said Joe.
“ And I can’t tell you what it is—ex-
cept that it isn’t anything I've done.”

  “ Everything will come out all
right/’ She put a snap into her voice.
“ You’ve got to make it come out all
right/'

  “ That’s it!” he said. Hurriedly he
reached for his cheap watch. “ Gee,
I’ve got to hurry. The last train back
leaves at ten o’clock. I can’t afford to
miss it, Miss—Sue. I’ve got to catch
it, because he said he’d get my an-
swer to-night and I’m going to tell him
I won’t take his job. I oughtn’t ever
to have thought about it in the begin-
ning.”

  “ People don’t stop to think much
when they’re broke—Joe,” she said.

  “ I didn’t. But I ought t’ve. But
I’ll see him to-night. And I’ll tell him
I don’t want his old job. Gee, Miss—
Sue, I’d rather be here than any place
in the world.”

  “ I’d like to have you here,” she an-
swered, and there was something more
than politeness in her tone.

  Joe held his watch to the moonlight.

  “ Gee! I’ve got to hurry.” He held
forth a hand. “ Goo’night—Sue,” he
said.

  “ Good night, Joe,” she answered,
and took his proffered hand. “ Good
luck. We’ll be watching for you.”

HE said something in answer,
husky and unintelligible. Then
stumbling over the ruts, he hur-
ried onward across the lot. But at the
edge he turned for an instant and
CAGED.

741

looked back, to the faint form of a
girl moving in the opposite direction
toward the circus train. Then she, too,
turned, and he could see that she raised
her hand.

  After a moment, Joe Barry caught
hastily at his throat, rubbing it as he
walked.

  Down at the station, the train
screamed in, and a tight-lipped young
man climbed aboard, carrying his
bundle of discarded clothing wrhich he
had checked there before going to the
circus lot. He had almost forgotten it.
There was only one thing on Joe Bar-
ry's mind now: that man named
Martin!

  There couldn't be any argument
about this thing. Joe would simply
have to tell him what had happened,
honestly, frankly, and demand that he
be let out of his bargain.

  He’d make his offer of repayment
for the money he had spent—nearly
seventy-five dollars as he remembered
it. Perhaps he could pawn his accordi-
on for part of it He could send the
rest from the circus; Sue Dayton had
promised him thirty-five a week at the
start and more if he lived up to expec-
tations.

  He'd tell Martin all that, and he’d
try to convince him. But if the at-
torney tried to hold him to his bar-
gain, there was a remedy. An inspira-
tion had told Joe he could go to the
police.

  It had not occurred to him until the
necessity of escape arose that he might
be taking part in something approach-
ing the criminal. He had looked upon
the law only as a voracious thing de-
manding a penalty, not as a bulwark of
society that exacts a price which a par-
ticular person should pay and no one
else.

  But it had to be done quickly—Joe

knew that. The element of time struck
Joe Barry with sudden forcefulness.
Down at police headquarters, they
might think it queer even now, that he
hadn’t reported this before.

  Then came a new fear; what if it
had gone too far already? He erased
that. Nothing had really been arranged
yet; he didn’t even know the name of
the man whose place he was supposed
to take, or exactly what he had done.
Martin had said he would take that
matter up after Joe had really made his
decision.

  “Well, I’ve made it!” Joe Barry
mumbled.

  The train seemed to drag after that.
At the station he took a taxi, for the
first time in his life. At last he was
standing before the smear-faced old
wooden building that was his home.
Joe Barry, strangely weak in his knees,
opened the old door and started up the
creaking stairway.

  “Well, where you been this time?’'
It was a querulous, angry voice from
the first landing. “ No beds made, no
sweeping—”

  Joe Barry snapped a rejoinder and
went on. So Martin's chauffeur had
not been there! It gave him sudden
hope. What if this were not so seri-
ous after all? Some perverted form
of humor on the part of an idle person
just to see what a desperate young man
would do under such circumstances—
what if that were it?

WHEN he reached the door of his
room, he pawed deep into his
pocket for his personal key,
sent it into the lock. The door yielded,
a faint V of light went into the room
from the gas jet in the hall.

  Joe Barry halted, his lower jaw loose
in surprise. On the floor before him
lay something metallic, something
742

ARGOSY.

which had been pushed tinder the door.
Then he sat on the bed and laughed.

  It had been a joke! It had been a
joke, that’s all—just somebody playing
a joke on him! They’d sneaked up
here during the day and returned that
pass-key he had given Martin, by slip-
ping it under the door.

  But just as suddenly, he sobered.
Nobody would give a fellow a thousand
dollars for a joke! He fingered the
remainder of the money which he had
saved from his two accounts. He
looked at the pass-key; suddenly he
went to the gas jet and struck a match,
illuminating the room. He searched
the floor for a note. There was noth-
ing. He jerked out his cheap watch,
suddenly ticking with clock-like res-
onance.

  “ I won't give him any leeway.” Joe
had almost slumped to the bed again,
the pass-key still in his right hand.
Again he studied it. Why had they
just come up here and slipped the thing
under the door?

  A minute passed; Joe confirmed it by
looking at his watch. Then he began
to count—one, two, three, four, five—
he wrondered how much a person would
have to count before it all made a min-
ute.

  He fumbled his watch; it slipped
from his sweating hand and he caught
it with the other, clicking the pass-key

against it. He remembered how the
old photographer back in Waverly used
to count for time exposures, one thou-
sand and one, one thousand and two,
one thousand and three—

  He started and listened. He settled
again. Only some roomer; several of
them, stopping at the second landing,
and the high-pitched, complaining
voice of a lodger reiterating the fact
above the mumbling questions of others
that no beds had been made up, no
rooms swept out.

  Then the stairs creaked. As if men
were moving quietly upward. Or may-
be it was just a lodger going down to
the street—

  Suddenly Joe jerked to his feet, as if
jolted by electricity. Some one was
outside his room. The staccato, hol-
low pounding came again. Joe Barry
moved forward. He swung wide the
door.

  Four men stood there, well-dressed
men, staring quietly at him. One
flipped his coat back, and the edge of
a shield gleamed in the gas-light.

  “You’re Joe Barry,” he said. The
words w^ere more like a statement
than a question.

  Joe could not answer. Two of the
men dodged swiftly behind him.

  “ Fan him for a rod,” came a coldly
monotonous voice. “ Better not take

any chances.

        •r

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.
Sperm

“ Bad luck, ” croaked Old Dan—but not
a man on that whaler guessed what mad,
mysterious quirk of Fate was to be
visited on that greedy crew

By R. W. ALEXANDER

<t

Hell brewin’/' he muttered, for all the world like some villainous old parrot

OLD DAN whittled at the stick
of tobacco. He was gray-
bearded and dirty, muffled to
the ears in thick woolen garments.

  “ Mates, there’s bad luck aboard.”

  Garth, the hunter, looked up from
the harpoon he was sharpening.
" How?”

  Old Dan gestured with one gnarled
hand. “ Wimmin an’ things,” he said
vaguely.

  “What things?” Garth was in-
sistent.

  “ Wimmin an things,” Old Dan
said again. “ Sailin’ Friday, an' such
like.”

  “ There’s only one woman aboard,”
Carroll said.

  Old Dan nodded.

  “ One’s enough.” He looked at the
faces about him, dim in the shadows
of the fo’c’s’le. “ Ain’t that so?”

  A rumble of assent came from them.
“ Who ever heard of a woman on a
whaler?” said Old Dan querulously.
“ ’Tain’t right.”

  “ She’s only a girl,” said Carroll.

  Old Dan turned rheumy eyes on
him. “You’re young. You don’t know
nothin’. You—”

  Garth struck in. “ Where’s the bad
luck, Dan?”

  Old Dan became surly.

  “ You wait an’ see. There never yet
was a red-headed woman as wasn’t un-
lucky.” He stuffed tobacco into his
pipe, leaned over to the lamp. “ Back
in the sixties, I reckon it was—”
744

ARGOSY.

  Carroll went on deck. The stars
were shining, and the sky was bright.
The rigging creaked in the steady rush
of wind. The man at the wheel sang
softly:

  “ Rolling down, rolling down, rolling-
      down to Rio—”

  Carroll leaned against the rails,
watched the sliding sea. The waves
were big and black, topped with a dim
white

  “ We’re rolling down to Rio.”

  A paring of moon came up, yellow
as orange, touching the sea with gold.
With brooding eyes Carroll watched
its slow climb among the stars.

  Red-headed girls were unlucky ?
Carroll smiled at the yellow sickle.
Her hair was more gold than red, he
thought.

GARTH, the hunter, stood beside
, him.

       “ That darned old fool is out
to make trouble/’

  Carroll stirred to look at him. “ Old
Dan?”

  “ Yes. He has the men talking.”

  Carroll was silent. He could not
agree that Old Dan was likely to make
trouble.

  “ You see,” Garth said, settling him-
self against the rails, “ Dan's old. He
can’t realize that things have changed
since he was young/’

  Carroll watched the moon. Old Dan
interested him little.

  “ When Dan w^as about your age,”
Garth went on, “ he sailed with Bully
Hayes—who was one of the biggest
ruffians in the Pacific. Dan can’t
realize those days are past. Ever seen
him drunk ?”

  " No,” Carroll said.

  “ He sings songs that’d make yout
hair curl. He was pretty tough when
he was young, I guess. Now he thinks
the skipper’s girl means bad luck
aboard, and he’s all for us having him
land her somewhere. But the old man
wouldn’t agree to that.”

  “Why the hell should he?” said
Carroll hotly. “ Dan’s a cursed old
fool!”

  Garth glanced at him.

  “ Guess you’d prefer her to stay,
eh? Well, I don’t blame you. She’s
as pretty a girl as ever I’ve seen.”

  “ I have nothing to do with her,”
Carroll shrugged.

  “ That’s not your fault.” Then
Garth, seeing Carroll’s frown, changed
the subject. “ About time the luck
turned, isn’t it?”

  Carroll nodded. In the past six
weeks the brig had sighted one distant
whale, which had vanished almost im-
mediately.

  “ Maybe we’re too far south,” Car-
roll said.

  “ Maybe.” Garth sniffed the air.
“ Wind somewhere, I guess.” He
glanced up at the clear sky. “ Queer
. . . Don’t be surprised if it’s blowing
before sunup.”

CARROLL was aloft when the sun
rose, taking in sail before a
strengthening wind. The north
w^as dark with cloud, the sea leaden.
He saw white horses marching down
upon the brig in serried ranks stretched
from horizon to horizon. The black
cloud spread until it blotted out the
sun. Lightning flickered palely on its
edges.

  The girl was down there, watching.
Carroll saw the tossing red of her hair
as she fronted the wind, the white oval
of her face glanced at the men working
feverishly above. Was she afraid?
SPERM.

745

He doubted it. There was in her atti-
tude something of defiance, as if she
dared the storm to do its worst. Car-
roll smiled as he went down.

  She was watching him, he knew, go-
ing forward. She was interested in
him, then? He turned swiftly, looked
back. Along the length of the deck
she laughed at him, then at the dark-
ling sky. That showed him how very
little she feared the sea and the storm.

  Swaying lightly on wide-planted
feet, he watched the gathering black-
ness. The clouds were piled one on
another to a tremendous height, shut-
ting out the sky and the sun. Beneath
them the leaden sea changed to a dull
purple; the broken crests became gray.
Never before had Carroll seen any-
thing like it. As yet the wind came in
gusts, with long spaces of calm be-
tween. The brig rolled uneasily, jerkily,
under bare poles.

  Masters, the skipper, came on deck.
He glanced aloft and at the blackness
to the north. The girl joined him as
Carroll went below.

  (t Hell brewin’,” Old Dan muttered.
“ Hell brewin’.”

  Carroll answered nothing.

  Old Dan leered at him. “ When I
was your age—”

  “ Stow the gab!” said Carroll sourly.
“ Wimmin, wimmin—” grumbled
the old man.

  “ What the hell do you mean?” de-
manded the younger man sharply.

  Old Dan snarled quick obscenity.
Two hours after dawn, wind caught
the brig, heeled her over until her star-
board rails were under water, then
passed suddenly, leaving her rocking
there on the troubled sea.

  “ Hell brewin’,” Old Dan muttered,
for all the world like some villainous
parrot. “ Hell brewin’.”

  The wind came again, with increased

violence. The Oregon staggered, rolled
deep, shook herself, and drove for-
ward with her scuppers a green, roar-
ing tide.

  “ Guess we’re in for something out
of the ordinary,” said Garth, the
hunter.

  “ When I was a lad—” began Old
Dan, and Carroll fled.

  Pie clawed his way on deck, clung
there watching the dark mountains
called into being by the wind. The
last vestige of blue was shut from the
sky; the mass of leaden cloud hung
heavy everywhere. The Oregon pitched
writh a sharp, sickening motion; spray
swept like hail along her deck.

  Aft, Carroll saw the girl. Sight of
her sent a little thrill through him, of
admiration and apprehension at once.
She was in danger and knew it, and
cared not at all'.

  Pie went slowly aft, clinging to the
ropes stretched taut along the rails.
As the brig rolled, water swirled about
his knees, tugged at his feet with care-
less strength. His face was sore from
the sting of the spray, his eyes smart-
ing. The wind roared hollowly about
the naked masts.

  Intent on the troubled water, the
girl had not seen him come. She stood
lithe and slender against the deck-
house, one arm crooked about a dan-
gling rope. Her head was bare, her
red hair streaming water, her cheeks
whipped to pink by the laden wind.
Carroll took her by the elbowT, and she
turned startled eyes to him.

  “ You’d better go below,” he roared.

  “ What?”

  “ You’d better go below.”

  He sawr the flame of anger leap in
her eyes.

  “ What do you mean ?”

  “ It’s dangerous here,” he explained
tritely.
746

ARGOSY.

  “ I know that.”

  Carroll laughed. Of course she had
known it. But her knowledge made
no difference. “ You might be swept
overboard.”

  “ What’s that to you?”

  A wave came seething over the rails,
lifted them, flung them across the deck.
Carroll gripped the girl with one arm,
sought with the other for the lifelines.
He could see nothing, hear nothing
but the roar of water. The girl was
struggling, though not to break his
grip. He felt rope, caught it, twisted
it about his arm. The water receded,
and they breathed deep. The Oregon
righted herself heavily, drunkenly.

  “ You see,” Carroll said.

  She laughed.

  “ Fm wet through. I’d better go
down.”

  Carroll helped her to the companion-
way.

  “ You’re not hurt?” he said in sud-
den concern.

  She smiled at him, was gone. Car-
roll fought his way for’ard.

FOUR days the Oregon drove on
before the storm, until the men
were red-eyed and surly and short
of speech, and even Old Dan’s gar-
rulity was checked. Late the fourth
day the wind dropped, and by night-
fall of the fifth day the sea was calm.
The Oregon floated idly.

  “ Something over there,” Garth said,
pointing in the gathering dusk.

  Carroll saw it, a thin black line on
the horizon, shadow-wreathed.

  “ Looks like land.”

  Garth nodded. “ Wonder where
we are?”

  A long-drawn cry came from aboveS
  “ There she blows'!”

  The skipper was on deck, swearing.

“ Where away, man, where away?’*
The voice of the lookout came again.
“ Two points off the port bow, sir.”
Masters leveled his glass. The night
was fast swathing them in darkness.

  “ There’s land out there, sir,” Car-
roll said.

  Masters snarled at him.

  “ Land be damned! There’s no land
within a thousand miles.”

“ We saw it, sir,” Garth insisted.
But the skipper was gone, muttering.
“ I don’t blame him,” Garth said.
“ Our luck’s right out this run. Seven
weeks out and we haven’t filled a
barrel.”

  The night darkened stealthily.
Shadows closed about the listless ship.
The Oregon floated in blackness, with
not even the sound of waves to tell of
the water everywhere.

  Late in the first dogwatch Carroll
heard a whisper of sound. It was a
whisper, no more, like something
breathing out there in the darkness.
Yet a flat calm held the ship, and her
masts were steady against the sky. He
listened an instant, then called softly
to the man who kept watch with
him.

  “ Hear that, Sam?”

  The man came to him, looming ab-
ruptly from the shadows.

  “ Hear what ?”

  “ Listen,” Carroll said.

  They listened, and the sound came
again, a long-drawn sigh, as if some
half human monster rested out there
on the placid sea.

  “ That’s waves on a beach,” Sam
said.

  “ But the sea’s calm.”

  “ There never yet was a sea so calm
that it didn’t make waves on a beach.
Better call the old man, eh?”

  “ Maybe so,” Carroll said dubiously.
  Masters came swTearing on deck.
SPERM.

747

  “ You’re imagining things, man!” he
stormed in disgust.

  “ It’s waves on a beach, sir,” Sam
said doggedly.

  “ Be quiet a minute, then! Let me
listen.”

  They listened, and the whisper came
softly through the darkness. To Car-
roll it seemed a little louder than be-
fore.

  “ Heave the lead,” Masters ordered.

  The lead splashed overboard.

  “ Fifteen fathom, sir,” Sam reported
presently. “ Shingle bottom.”

  “ Try again.”

  The lead went down again, with a
strange, gulping sound.

  “ On the mark fourteen, sir.”

  Masters grunted.

  “ Call the bo’s’n and have the anchor
down. We’ll see where we are at sun-
up.”

  The boatswain came on deck, sleepy
and blasphemous; the anchor went
down with a splash and a rattle of
chain.

  “What in hell’s that?” Sam said.

  There were sounds of movement in
the darkness about the brig, strange,
heavy sounds, splashes and surging.
But presently they ceased, and silence
fell again.

  “ I’ll be glad when light comes,”
Sam said. “ I don’t like this.”

CARROLL, later, watched the east
pale and flush at the promise of
day. A mist lay on the water,
pearly white. It swirled in little eddies
here and there, although there was no
wind.

  The sun rose and the mist thinned.
Patches of blue water showed in it.

  “ Look there!” Sam said and gripped
Carroll’s arm.

  A dark bulk passed lazily through
one of the clear patches. The lookout

saw it with them, and his voice floated
down.

  “ There she blows!”

  Masters came on deck in trousers
and shirt.

  “ Bose, where the hell— Pipe the
men on deck, you fool!”

  The voice of the lookout came again.
  “ An’ sperm at that!”

  Now that the sun was up, the mist
cleared quickly. The blue patches
spread, and the voice of the lookout
came monotonously.

  “ There she blows . . . There she
blows. ...”

  The mist was gone. A few cables’
lengths away was an island, low, flat,
covered with short scrub.

  “Get the boats away!” Masters
roared. The water was black with
whales.

  Garth caught him by the arm.
“ Listen, sir—”

  “ What the devil! Get to your boat,
damn you!” Masters flung himself
free.

  “ You listen to me,” said the hunter,
pale with rage. “ Look out there!”
He waved a long arm. “ They’re cows!
They’ve mostly calves. Does that tell
you anything?”

  “ It tells me we’re in luck,” Masters
answered savagely.

  Garth caught him again, in a grip
not lightly to be shaken off.

  “ It tells me we’re at the island where
the whales come to have their young.
You’ve heard of it often enough, and
so have I. We’d better leave them
alone.”

  “Go to hell!” Masters said, and
with an effort tore himself free. “ I’ll
take your place myself, if you’re so
squeamish.”

  “ You can take mine as well,” Car-
roll said. “ I’ll have nothing to do
with this.”
748

ARGOSY.

  One boat was down, ready, the men
waiting.

  “ Heave away!” Masters cried. He
climbed into the second boat, and the
men lowered her swiftly. He looked
up at the few left 011 deck.

  “ Dan, follow with the third boat.
Now, men, row!”

THE first boat was already fast to
a whale. Carroll watched the
killing with anger and a sense of
horror. It was the first he had seen,
and it sickened him. The whale had
a calf by its side, and struggled little.
Yet two hours or more had passed be-
fore the final flurry was over, and the
men began to tow the carcass to the
brig. The calf followed.

  The other boats, too, had each made
a kill. Masters was jubilant as he came
aboard. He halted in front of Garth
and Carroll.

  “ See, my hearties, we can get along
without you.”

  Garth nodded.

  “ Maybe so. Anyway, you'll get no
help from us.”

  “ I've a mind to put you in irons!”

  “ Time enough to talk like that when
you get awray from here. I’ve heard
of ships that found this island before,
and nary a one of them got back to
port.”

  Masters went away laughing.

  The girl, Carroll noted, had stayed
below all morning. That was as well,
he thought. What had threatened to
turn his strong stomach must surely
have proved too much for hers.

  All day the men worked, and all
night by the red glare of blazing oil:
arid when dawn came the three denuded
skeletons wTere let drift away. Gulls
descended on them in wrhite clouds,
screaming. Sharks had gathered and
feasted royally. The troubled water

was thick with a scum of oil and blood.
LYet a few hundred yards distant the
mother whales played with their
young.

  That day, and the following night,
the men slept, and dawn saw them in
the boats once more.

  “ It’s murder!” Garth said savagely.
  Carroll nodded in silence.

   4< Those gulls are hell!”

  “ They’re driving me mad,” Carroll
said.

  The first boat was headed back, tow-
ing its kill.

  “ There’ll be bad luck over this,*
Garth said. “ I’m not superstitious; but
I have a hunch—”

  Again Masters halted before them
as he came aboard. “ Still squeamish?”
he said curiously.

  “ Do you think you’ll get to port?”
Garth said.

  Masters shrugged.

  “ Why not?” He nodded toward
the whales dotting the placid water.
“ What’s the full of a ship from that
number ? Nothing.”

   “ It’s not one ship,” said Garth. “ It’s
hundreds. You’d come back again
yourself. The men would leave you,
and sell their knowledge to other skip-
pers. Every whaler in the Pacific
would be here inside a year. Then—”
He spread his hands. “ You know
what would happen then.”

  “ Partly, that’s why I’m going when
these three are barreled,” Masters said.
“ Partly that, and partly because my
daughter is against the idea of this
‘slaughter,’ as she calls it. As for
coming back, I haven’t taken the bear-
ings of the island, and I don’t intend
to. So the men won’t be able to lead
other skippers back, and what you’re
afraid of won’t happen.”

  “ I’m glad,” Garth said. “This
place wasn’t meant to be found.”
SPERM.

749

  “ Maybe you're right,’’ Masters
nodded, and went aft.

ON the day that the Oregon was to
sail, Old Dan showed his hand.

       “ Me an’ the men,” he told
Masters, “has decided to stay.” He
turned to the crowd behind him.
“ Ain’t that so, mates?”

  “That’s so!”

  “ You can decide what you damn’
well like,” Masters said. “ We sail.”

  “ There’s a fortune here,” snarled
Old Dan.

  “It’s staying here. Get for’ard!”

  “ It’s your gal—”

  “ Leave my girl out of this! Get
for’ard, I say!”

  “ Get to hell, I say!” Old Dan
mimicked and pulled a revolver from
his pocket. He fired twice and Masters
crumpled to the deck.

  “You!” Old Dan snarled, turning
the gun on Carroll and Garth. “Not a
whimper now, or you’ll get the same!
From now on I’m skipper aboard this
hooker, an’ don’t you forget it. Make
trouble, an’—” He made an ugly ges-
ture. “ I’m not a man to fool with.”

  Carroll watched the men. They w'ere
with Old Dan; their faces told him
that. Some might have been shocked
by the murder; but it had failed to
alter their stand. They saw riches be-
fore them, and a life or two would not
block their way.

  “What’s it to be now?” Old Dan
said menacingly.

  “ Guess we’ll sit in with you,” said
Garth.

  “ An’ you ?” The muzzle of the gun
turned square on Carroll.

  “ I’ll answer for him,” Garth said
easily.

  “ Right.” Old Dan pocketed the re-
volver. “ Get two boats out, mates,
an’ do a bit more killin’.”

  “ The girl,” Carroll said unsteadily
to Garth. “ You tell her.”

  “ There’s no need.”

  She stood at the head of the com-
panionway. A long moment she stood,
staring, then came forward.

  “ Get her below,” Garth whispered.
Somehow, Carroll got her below.
She seemed dazed, bewildered.

  “ Best stay here,” Carroll said.
“ We’ll bring him to his cabin.”

  With Garth, he carried Masters
below, laid him on his bunk.

  “ Keep quiet and wait,” Garth said
softly. “ Let them think you’ve fallen
for their scheme. We can’t do any-
thing now.”

  “ I’m afraid for the girl,” Carroll
said.

  “ We can keep an eye on her.”

  They stretched a sheet over the dead
captain, then went on deck. The two
boats had made fast to whales.

  “ This can't last,” Garth said.

  They watched the kills, saw the first
boat head back toward the ship. Old
Dan waved it off.

  “ Bring it ashore, mates. It’s handier
to work ashore than aboard.” He
turned to the men on deck. “ Get the
barrels out, an’ we’ll float ’em to the
beach.”

  The barrels were floated ashore in
long strings, rolled a little distance up
the beach. Fires were lighted, and black
smoke climbed slowly into the bright
sky.

  “ Them fires don’t go out,” Old Dan
said, “ until every barrel aboard is
full.”

IN the days that followed, it seemed
to Carroll that Old Dan had spoken
the truth. Always the black smoke
rose heavily from the beach, always
the sea bore a scum of blood and oil.
Gulls screamed unceasingly, and tore
750

ARGOSY.

at the fragments of blubber with bills
dyed red. Through the scum moved
fins of sharks.

  The men were drinking heavily. At
night they held carouse on the brig,
and the deep roar of their voices rang
across the quiet sea. Carroll, then,
leaned against the door of the girl's
cabin, ceaselessly watching. Even there
he caught fragment on fragment of
Old Dan’s obscene ditties, and paled
with rage.

  The girl now frankly showed her
liking for Carroll. He saw her often,
when he brought her food; for now
she never left her cabin.

  “ I have only you to trust,” she said
once. “ Soon or late, these others will
kill me.”

  “Kill you?” Carroll echoed.

  She nodded. “ They would be fools
to let me live. I think they will kill
you, too, and maybe Garth. For their
own safety they must.”

  “ Garth and I,” he said unsteadily,
“ will protect you—always.”

  Fleetingly, she touched his hand.

  “ I know. You're different. J’ve
often wondered about you.”

  “ I don’t understand,” said Carroll.
“ You’re not one of them—you
weren’t born to this.”

  “ No.” He stared at her curiously;
he had not dreamed she knew him so
well. “ My father owns a few vessels,.
and I’m learning to be a sailor before
taking charge of one of them.”

  He had a difficult subject to ap-
proach and found himself at a loss for
words.

  “You’re thinking of my father?”
she said. “ We’ll have to bury him, of
course.”

  " Ashore,” Carroll said.

  “ Ashore?” Her eyes widened. “ The
sharks! I had forgotten them. That’s
horrible! The whole thing is horrible.”

  She began to cry, brokenly, and Car-
roll, helpless as a man always is at such
times, left her.

  They brought the dead captain
ashore that afternoon, and buried him
in a little clearing in the scrub.

  “ Not too far from the beach,” the
girl said. “ So that he can hear the
gulls and the sea.”

  It was two nights later that the
Oregon caught fire. Carroll saw the
smoke against the stars, saw the masts
begin to quiver, stared an instant,
then leaped down the companionway
and knocked at the girl’s door.

  “ Better dress quickly,” he said.

  “ Is anything the matter?”

  " The ship’s afire.”

  Her voice was steady when she
answered him.

  “ I’ll be ready in a moment.”

  Garth they found on deck, grim
lipped, bitter.

  “ The dirty fools!” growled the
hunter. “ This is the end of all their
plans.”

  The boats were alongside. Carroll
lowrered the girl into one, dropped
down himself, followed by Garth. They
pushed off, rowed ashore. Carroll took
the girl in his arms, carried her
through the shallows.

  “ Guess we better go back for some
provisions,” Garth said.

  The alarm had been given and men
were shouting. Old Dan took charge
with a volley of blasphemy.

  ‘"Water an’ grub! Look alive, you
lubbers!”

  “ Try to put her out!” a man yelled.

  “ You might as well try to put out
hell! Wait till the oil begins to go.
Water an’ grub, water an’ grub!”

  A thin red line of flame spurted
across the deck, blazed a foot high,
sank to a dull glow.

  “ Hurry!” Old Dan roared.
SPERM.

751

  A muffled explosion shook the after
hold. Old Dan leaped to the side.

  “ There she goes! It’s every man
for himself now.” He dropped into
one of the boats. “ Come on, blast
you! I’m waitin’ half a minute, that’s
all.”

  The boats were full, the brig de-
serted.

  “ Push off, push off! She’ll go any
minute now.”

  A second explosion came, and a
scarlet tongue leaped from the deck,
turning the sea to blood, throwing the
shadow of the masts, huge, distorted,
on the great cloud of smoke above.

  “ There goes a good ship,” said
Old Dan regretfully.

  The flame was leaping, leaping, leap-
ing. They felt the hot kiss of it on
their faces, and rowed for the beach.
Sea and sky and beach were red as
blood; the mother whales moved
slowly off.

THE girl had vanished. Carroll
knew where she would be found,
and found her there, in the clear-
ing where her father lay. He watched
beside her until the stars paled and
gray dawn came. Even then he did
not waken her, but waited patiently
until she stirred, sighed and sat up.
She came to her feet, stared at the sea.
The Oregon was gone. Charred tim-
bers floated on the water; that was all.

  “ I’m glad,” she said simply.

  “ We’ll have to get away,” Garth
said to Carroll that day. “ The fools
are drinking themselves mad.”

  Carroll nodded.

  Garth came to him that night as the
fires died down.

  “ Don’t wake the girl,” he whis-
pered. “ Old Dan’s set a man to watch
the boats.”

  “ I’ll account for him,” Carroll said.
“ No. This is my job. Come on.”
They went softly through the scrub,
reached the beach, saw the dark figure
of the watcher as he leaned against a
boat. For the first time Carroll knew
that Garth held a harpoon.

  “ It’s the only *way,” Garth whis-
pered, bringing back his arm. A mo-
ment he poised the shaft, then threw.
The watcher fell.

  “ Go back for the girl,” said Garth.
Garth had a boat in the water when
Carroll returned with the girl. Carroll
lifted her in.

- “ Quiet!” Garth breathed, and they
pushed off. Putting out the oars, they
rowed gently.

  “ They’ll follow,” Carroll said.

  Garth smiled in the darkness. Back
on the beach a flame was born, leaped
high.

  “ What’s that?”

  “ The boats,” said Garth grimly. “ I
set a fire going in their lockers when
you were away.”

“ What? Then—they’re marooned!”
“ Yes,” Garth said. “ I meant
that ... I set the brig going, too.
Those murderers will kill each other
in a week.”

  The girl shivered. Carroll slipped
an arm about her.

  “ Better sleep,” he said gently.

  Later a little wind blew up, and they
hoisted the sail. When morning came
the island was out of sight.

  After two weeks they were picked
up by a whaler.

  “ Where in hell have you come
from?” said the skipper.

  “ The Oregon,” said Garth. “ She
caught fire.”

  “ You’re the only survivors?”

  Garth looked at Carroll, at the girl,
and nodded.

THE END.
Bad Hombres

After the Civil War, carpet-baggers and thugs infested southern Missouri and
ran things—but they ran into trouble when they tried to block
the Texas cattle drive of Missouri-born Wash Calm

By HUGH PENDEXTER

Author of **Speeding Up Hi* Reputation“ The Vengeance of Otitis," etc.

“ Vve got three shots left,”
Texas warned

 Novelette—Complete

CHAPTER I.

A wanderer returns.

MANY thousands of cattle filled
the country along the western
boundaries of Jasper and New-
ton Counties, Missouri. The tow^n of
Baxter Springs, in the southeast cor-
ner of Kansas, close to the Missouri
and Indian Territory lines, was prac-
tically blockaded, with many more
thousands of longhorns being hurried
to the congested area before the frost
should kill the grass.

Out of more than a quarter of a mil-

lion cattle only an insignificant part
were destined to reach a profitable
market. A tremendous loss was result-
ing from the Missourians’ refusal to
permit the long drives to penetrate the
state and reach the Missouri Pacific
Railroad.

  No other railway head was nearer
than that of the Kansas Pacific at To-
peka. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe would afford no shipping points for
several years. It is true that the Ray-
Duffield oittfit, starting with a thou-
sand head in May, managed to reach
Towa with a few hundred steers. Re-

752

2 A
BAD HOMBRES.

753

pulsed at Baxter Springs by Missouri
men, this herd was driven around the
settled portion of Kansas, crossed the
Kansas river at St. Mary's, entered
Nebraska and crossed the Missouri to
find a market. As an example of grit
and determination this drive was epic.
As a financial enterprise it was disas-
trous.

  Some herds had been taken east

from Baxter Springs along the Mis-
souri-Arkansas line until they had got-
ten beyond the hostile region and could
make north to a railway point east of
Sedalia. But much of this country was
mountainous and heavily timbered,
and the cattle finished the drive foot-
sore and in poor flesh. There was no
profit from this venture, and to prevent
a repetition of the sorry experiment
men from Benton County, Arkansas,
were gathered at Baxter.

  These, with Missourians from Mur-
physburg, Leadville, Georgia City, and
Gibsonville, completely sealed the bor-
der. Feuds, existing prior to the Civil

   3 A

War, and those engendered
by it, supplied the rough,
reckless element that kept
outlawry alive and the
sheriff busy in the border States.

Until bribed to permit the passage
of a herd these hard citizens cited the
“Spanish” or ” Texas” fever as an
excuse for the embargo. This sickness
was a peculiar disease and could very
well be put forward as a legitimate
reason for “ no thoroughfare.”

  Texas cattle in poor condition were
carriers of the fever, but did not neces-
sarily suffer from it themselves. It was
fatal to northern cattle, however, even
if they grazed over the same ground
that had been occupied by an infected
herd. Texas cattle that had wintered
in the north were not carriers, but were
susceptible to it if brought in contact
with an infected herd. Only those re-
754

ARGOSY.

ceiving it directly from a Texas herd
suffered.

  But these reckless border-men were
not so solicitous about their cattle,
once they had been paid for a right of
way. The border banditti killed many
drovers and stole thousands of cattle.

  What added to the ire of the frantic
owners was the knowledge that beeves
would bring as high as fifty dollars a
head if delivered in good flesh at Se-
dalia, Missouri. They cost from three
to five dollars a head in Texas. And
those golden profits were vanishing
daily at and round Baxter Springs.
Cattle were dying, or being stolen by
entire herds.

A THREE-DIAMOND waddie felt
a strange homesickness as he
sat cross-legged and stared to-
ward the forbidden land. A long-
limbed, long-haired man lazily ad-
vanced and gruffly demanded, “ What’s
gnawin’ you, Texas ? Some one cut
your bridle?”

  “ I was just thinking, Bill.”

  “ This jam of longhorns is ’nough
to make a coyote sick.” With a grunt
Bill dropped beside his friend and cu-
riously peered under the huge hat-
brim. Bill had a long, twisted jaw, and
yellowish eyes. He lazily remarked,
“ Ten years since you threw in with the
Three-Diamond.”

  “ And you were my first and best
friend, Bill.”

  u How you git thataway? If I was
a friend you’d ’a’ told me what was
gnawing you all these years. You’d
face your cards up an’ tell me to take
an eyeful.”

  Texas glanced around at the motley
groups. Close by was a noisy North-
erner, buying cattle he could not move
with a worthless check. An Indian
from the Shawnee Nation was offering

to return stock he had stolen, for two
dollars a head.

  “You’ve been a powerful good
friend to me, Bill,” insisted Texas.

  “ Derned liar! If I was a friend
you’d open up. Stomick a botherin’
you?”

  “ Bill, I feel mighty blue.”

  “ Reckon we all do, with them steers
hogged up with no place to go. So
many behind us we can’t even drive
back to Texas.”

  “ It ain’t cattle. It’s something else,
Bill. ... I was raised across the Mis-
souri line here in Newton County.”
“That’s bad!” hoarsely whispered
Bill, and he glanced warily around.
“ But you an’ me be the only ones that
knows. I won’t spill a word. You had
nerve enough to pull out.”

  “ My folks are buried over there.
The cabin on Hick’s Run is mine.
There’s a smart parcel of land out in
the hills that’s mine. . . . Ever look back
an’ pity yourself when you was a kid?”
Bill shook his head emphatically, and
said, “ I always want to kick that other
Bill. Can’t remember a time when I
wa’n’t plumb loco.”

  Texas, his thoughts still detached,
continued, “ My pap was the best man
God ever stuck into boots. Honest as
sunshine. Liked fun. Made a pal of
me. ... We lived two miles north of
Danby.”

  “Lead mining country! No range,”
and Bill spat in disgust.

  Texas informed him, “ But there’s
several long, thickly grassed valleys
where the herd could go through and
make the Missouri Pacific.”

  “ Yeah, if them hombres would let
us. But that ain’t what makes you sit
like a toad, all scrunched over.”

  “ I was rememberin’ how pap fin-
ished. We went to town—Danby—to
tell Jedge Byenck that pap had found
BAD HOMBRES.

755

a lead mine. That is, pap was goin’ to
tell if he found the jedge sober. I was
to keep my yap shut if the jedge was
on a drunk, or startin' one.”

  “ I’m just t’other way ’round,” ea-
gerly interrupted Bill. “ When they
picked me up, drilled through by a
Lipan Comanche arrer, I wouldn’t tell
my name, or outfit. Just shy in a mean
way. . . . Your pap showed you the
mine an’ you kept shet ?”

  “ Of course. I never was a talker.
It’s in a briery place, where I saw my
first bear. I can see that ragged road
an’ feel the cool dirt under my bare
feet, and hear the early morn in’ bird-
calls.”

  “ You young poetry cuss!” exploded
Bill.

“rXANBY was filled with specu-

  1 J lators, gamblers, outlaws then,
as it must be now. Mighty bad
hombres from all over. They was
thick even afore the war. Well, we
found the jedge sober. He wore the
most glistenin’ boots I ever see. Near-
ly jumped out of his chair when pap
tossed the ore on the table, and let on
how he’d found a lead mine. He
clapped pap on the shoulder an’ cried,
‘ Damme, Thomas Calm, if you ain’t
hit it! This is a big day. I must break
over.’

  “ Then he was fishin’ glasses an’ a
bottle from the table drawer. Pap took
his drink, but put his ore in his pock-
ets, an’ winked at me. The jedge
tossed off two more drinks and asked
about the mine. Pap give me a side-
look and said it was on the home
place.”

  “ Your name must be Calm,” mused
Bill.

  “ Washington Calm. But keep call-
in’ me ‘ Texas.’ I remember that morn-
in’ like yesterday. It was the last time

I was happy. ... You sabe, the jedge
would blab things when drunk. But it
had to be told him jest as he was start-
in’ in. He never toted anything over to
the next drunk. And pap wouldn’t take
any chances. Hundreds of men in town
who’d jump a claim and kill the owrner
in a second.”

  “ Ornery road-brand you give them
caballeros. But finish the drive.”

  “ The jedge went along with us
when we took to the street. Hoss Face
come up an’ dared pap to wrestle.
They wrestled nearly every time they
met—nip an’ tuck atween ’em. Pap
was keen for it, and the jedge said he’d
be ref’ree.

  “We went to an open shed writh a
dirt floor, with a heap of men follerin’.

I	held pap’s coat. He winked at me as
he always did when he reckoned on
bestin’ his man. Then they was at it.
’Round an’ ’round they whirled, crowd
pressin’ closer, yellin’ an’ bettin’. Pap
an’ Hoss Face swung into the circle an’
busted it. I nigh split my throat, a hoot-
in’ for pap to finish the job. Hoss Face
went down on one knee, tryin’ to fetch
pap over his hip. Crowd then spoiled
my chance of seein’ anything. Men
was howlin’, ‘ Tom’s got him bested!’ ”
“ He musta been a humdinger,” in-
terrupted Bill.

  “ Then Jedge Byenck was swear in*
at the crowd, an’ tellin’ ’em, ‘ Stand
back! Give ’em a show! Tom’s down!
Fall back so they can go at it again!’ ”
Texas paused and turned his head as
if watching the poker game being
played near by on a blanket by some
Arkansas men and Northern gamblers.
Bill kept quiet, respecting his silence.

  Speaking rapidly and fiercely to
cover his emotion, Texas went on:

  “ My heart was smashed, like I’d
been kicked by a bucker, when some
one cried, 'Tom’s hurt!’ He was hurt
756

ARGOSY.

to death. He died there on that dirt
floor.”

  Texas jumped to his feet, fiercely
winking back tears, and then hurried
to interview his trail-boss. After a
brief talk he roped out a horse, sad-
dled it, and galloped across the line.
Half a mile inside the State boundary
he was halted by a man, armed with a
double-barrel shotgun.

  “ You’re from Texas, where the
cow-fever comes from,” challenged the
guard.

  “ That fever’s all in your eye.”

  “ You got to go back.”

  “ Bein' Missouri-born, I’m goin’
ahead,” said Texas.

  The guard eyed him speculatively.
His big gun, thrust through the waist-
band of the trousers, carried an argu-
ment. The huge hat, high-heeled boots,
and big spurs, all spoke of Texas.

  “ How do I know you’re a Missouri
man?” asked the guard.

  “ I don’t know, nor care. I’m goin’
through. If you’re curious, ask Jedge
Bvenck.”

  “ Jedge Bvenck? You’re sound if he
speaks for you. But he’s in Danby.”

  “ I was raised two miles above the
town, on Hick’s Run. Give me the
road!”

  “ All right. You sound straight. But
what’s your name?”

  “ Washington Calm.”

 “Dawg-gone! Was any of your
tribe that died in a wrrestlin’ match in
the old days?”

  “ My pap died while wrestlin’.”

TEXAS used the spurs and made
quick time for the rest of the
wav. He found the town filled
with speculators, miners, desperadoes,
the backwash of the Civil War, but he
scarcely was conscious of the colorful
scene as he made for the square and

dismounted on the north side. He
found what he was looking for, the
weather-beaten sign of Jonathan W.
Byenck, attorney-at-law. The sign had
been brave with much gilt paint when,
as a boy, he had set out to find a new
home.

  Leaving his mustang at the hitch-
rail he entered the office, his huge
spurs making a great clatter. For a
moment he did not recognize the judge,
for his hair was white and his face thin
and deeply creased. On the desk before
him was a bottle and an empty glass. A
glance, and the dark eyes of the judge
were quickening with recognition.
With both hands outstretched he
quickly advanced and exclaimed:

  “ Bless my soul! Little Wash Calm
grown up to be a man! What a big
hat! You look like a wild cowboy.”
He shook hands warmly and listened
closely while his visitor gave a brief
history of the lost years.

  The judge nodded sympathetically,
and insisted, “ You must stop at my
house w^hile in town. I’m an old bach
at present, but have a wonderful cook.”
“ I’m just driftin’, Jedge. Shan’t be
in one place much. As pap’s friend I
’lowed to look you up. An’ there are
some papers.”

  “ Right here in my strong box. You
shall take them with you. Better stop
at my house. Your old place has burned
down.”

  “ They couldn’t even spare the old
shack?” mused Texas, his eyes nar-
rowing. “ Well, the soul of the house
died when pap went away. I felt
mighty lonesome stayin’ there alone
after pap was murdered.”

  “What?” exclaimed the judge.
“ Murdered ? What a terrible thing to
say! Why, Washington! There never
was any proof of foul play. Why do
you say that, my boy?”
BAD HOMBRES.

757

  “ I squirmed like a rat between the
legs of the men after some one cried,
* For God’s sake keep the younker
back/ There was no keepin’ me back,
Jedge. Pap was lying flat on his face,
his arms flung wide. He’d been stabbed
in the back 011 his left side, and his
sheath-knife was on the ground two
feet from him. He couldn’t have fallen
on the knife/’

  “ But you never suggested foul play,
Washington! Why have you waited
until now to say it?”

  “ I was young and I was awfully
scared. My heart was plumb busted. I
had to light out. Now I’m older, I
wanted to come back.”

  “ And get your papers. Here they
are, my boy. I’m sure you’d be better
off if you could believe what others
believe—that in some unaccountable
fashion the knife fell to the ground,
that your father fell upon it.”

  “ Pd be a million times happier if I
could think that, Jedge. Say, who
could have wanted to kill him?”

  “No one. He never had an enemy
on earth. What you imagine is im-
possible.”

  Texas stuffed the thin parcel of legal
papers in the bosom of his shirt and
said noncommittally, “We won’t talk
any more about it, Jedge.”

  The judge sighed* and said, “If it
had happened to-day, with so many
rough characters in town, your suspi-
cion wouldn’t be so surprising.”

  “ Rough characters here then,
Jedge.”

  “But I believe we’re worse off to-
day. . . . Step here to the window. See
that fellow dressed like a fashion-
plate? Wearing boots of French calf;
velvet collar on his coat, and a hat that
cost more’n a nigger can earn in a year.
Linen always white as snow, and the
diamond in his shirt front is worth

several thousand dollars. He’s Eb
Whilks. Got his thousand a month as
a pilot on the Missouri till he was run
off the river for killing a sleeping
man. . . . There comes one you ought
to remember, Jo Sling. He rode with
Quantrill, and he fetched his killing
notions back home. . . . And on the
corner, there’s old Hoss Face, who
wrestled with your father that sad
day/’

  “I’d know him anywhere,” and
Texas’s voice was choked with emo-
tion. “ A kindly man. Who’s the old
coot behind him?”

  “ Laughin’ Diggs. Crazy as a loon.
See the ribbons dangling from his but-
tons. Always laughing and grinning,
and talking to himself. But bad men
ain’t anything new to you, I reckon.”

  “ We have our share in Texas. Now
I’ll be ridin’. See you again afore I
pull out.”

ON gaining the street Texas flew,
into a sudden rage at seeing a
group of men around his mus-
tang, laughing as Eb Whilks struck his
hat close to the brute’s nose. Each time
he did it the mustang threw up his
head, but did not attempt to bolt.

  Texas roughly pushed his way
through the group, snatched the hat
from Whilks’s hand and scaled it high
in the air. He shot three bullets
through it before it hit the ground.
Turning to the startled owner, Texas
snapped:

  “ I’ve got three shots left—an’ I’ll
bet on myself quicker ’n I would on five

aces!”

  “ Hit him in the head, Whilks, so
he’ll eat hay like a hoss!” yelled an on-
looker.

  “ What the hell you mean, putting
your dirty paws on my hat?” demand-
ed Whilks.
758

ARGOSY.

  “ I don’t like your hat or you; and I
do like my pony.”

  “You don’t know who I am. I’m

Eb Whilks!”

  “ Yeah. Heard about you at Baxter
Springs. They say you knifed a man
up the river while he was asleep, an’
had to make it a foot-race. Now you
abuse a poor cow-pony.”

  “ I’m unarmed,” gritted Whilks.
“ Put up your gun. We’ll settle this
later—if you don’t skip out.”

  “ Kill the damn’ cow-driver!” yelled
a voice from the open door of the sa-
loon. “ Feed him lead candy!”

  “ He hasn’t quit town yet,” Whilks
grimly tossed over his shoulder.

  “ I’m puttin’ up my gun,” said Tex-
as. “ I know you’re wearin’ one. I
won’t start to draw till yours is in the
open. What say?”

  “ You haven’t left town yet,” re-
peated Whilks with deadly meaning;
but he made no attempt to draw as he
turned and entered the saloon, his bluff
called.

  Texas vaulted into the saddle and
rode up the street, his body half turned
so he might watch the saloon and the
loafers in front of it. He kept a hand
on his gun until the corner blocked his

view.

  He rode slowly, eager to catch each
familiar bit of the landscape. His gaze
quickened as he beheld a tall, gaunt
woman, with a red bandanna hand-
kerchief tied like a turban around hei
head, coming toward him. It seemed
as if he had seen her but yesterday. He
would have sworn she was wearing the
same handkerchief she had worn ten
years back. He used to be half afraid
of her, because of the common belief

she was a witch.

  He reined in, but before he could

speak she was quietly greeting:

  “ I knew I should meet you here, at

this place and time, Washington
Calm.”

  He dismounted and took both her
wrinkled hands, and softly cried,
“ Mam Lize! Natural as life an’ twice
as han’some. Remember how you put
a spell on me so nothing could hurt me,
the night afore I pulled out?”

  Her keen old eyes read him through.
She said, “ You’ve lived clean. You’ll
die clean. Nothing else matters. My
spell has worked.”

  Rather bitterly he complained, “ I
wish some spell could have been put on
poor pap.”

  “ He died clean,” she quietly replied.
“ All must die some time. He went
clean. That’s what really counts. . . .
You’ve come back to see the old place.
The cabin’s been burned.”

  “ Jedge Bvenck told me. I shall miss
the mornin’-glories.”

  “You can build there. Your pap
would like to have you.”

  He shook his head.

She insisted, “ Some time you will.”
“ I’m just a brush-popper, Mam
Lize, a cow hand. Folks know me as
‘Texas.’ I’m goin’ back. It’s all I’m
good for.”

  “ Find a lead mine. Stay here,” she
urged.

  He smiled sadly, and told her, “ I
can go straight to pap’s mine.” Then
his dark eyes glowed brightly, and he
whispered, ” Show me the man who
killed pap—then I’ll stick here an’ work
that mine.”

HE noticed she did not attempt to
dissuade him from believing in
foul play.

  “ You’ll have the house facing just
as the old one did,” she said. “ I have
morning-glories, grown from the seed
of those you knew as a boy. You shall
have some.”
BAD HOMBRES.

759

  He began to remember that Mam
Lize was accounted peculiar to the
point of dementia. The ignorant feared
her; but all young people instinctively
liked her. She abruptly turned into a
woodland path and, over her shoulder,
called back to him, “ Around the next
bend in the road you’ll meet some one
you know; one who pitied you when
you lost your father. She cried much
after you went away.”

  He rode on, deeply touched by her
reference to his leave-taking, but not
at all inclined to consider her words
seriously. He rounded the bend at a
gallop and beheld a young woman
walking toward him. She was bare-
footed, and her dainty head was
crowned with a mass of corn-yellow
hair.

  Instantly he was recalling the
glory of her hair. Throwing himself
from his horse he cried out:

  “You remember me, Ellis Jones?
You remember me?”

  Much startled she halted and
stared at him steadily, then she was
exclaiming, “ Washington Calm!
Grown up to be a man!”

  He was quite demoralized to have
her burst into silent weeping as she
gave him her hands.

  “ Good land, Ellis! Don’t do that!”
he begged.

  “ It’s all so awfully sad,” she pit-
eously told him. “ Many a night I’ve
wondered where you were, and how
the world was using you.”

  His tanned, defiant face softened.
He awkwardly patted her hands, and
confessed, “ I’ve sometimes pitied that
ornery little cuss myself. But let’s talk
about you. . . . Your ma used to make
cookies with caraway seeds in ’em.
She’s livin’?”

  “ Dead. I’m living at the old place
with my aunt.”

  “ I remember her. She sang a heap
at church meetin’s. . . . I’m told our
old place was burned.”

  “ Some one burned it,” she whis-
pered. “ Some one I know,” she added
in the same low tone.

  “How they must have hated us!”
he bitterly exclaimed.

  “ Or feared you. You must be very
careful until you learn who’s your
friends.”

  “ I’m pullin’ out for Baxter Springs
in a day or so.”

  She was visibly disappointed. “ I
was hoping you’d come to stay. To
look for the lead-mine your father
found. He must have found one. He
gave mother a piece of ore that’s rich
in lead.”

  “ Pap told me everything. I can go
to it. I wanted to tell Jedge Byenck
this mornin’, but he’d been drinkin’.
Ellis, I’ve promised the trail-boss I’d
be back. But I’ll try to come here again.
On many lonely nights I’d ’a’ felt a
heap better if I’d knowTn you remem-
bered me.”

  “ I shall always remember you,
Wash. ... Be careful—say nothing to
anybody about the mine. . . . Now let’s
go to the house and I’ll put on my
shoes and stockings and be a lady.
Then we’ll walk to your old place.
You’ll see lots to remember.”

  “ Ellis, I remember too much as it
is. Danby hasn’t changed, nor bettered
much. Seems to be filled with bad-men
and plain skunks. Hard work to rope
out an honest man from the crowd
I’ve seen so far.”

  “ Judge Byenck is surely one,” she
reminded.

  “ One of two honest men here. Old
Hoss Face is t’other. I must see him.
Is there a third honest man?”

  “ Yes. Laughin’ Diggs. But folks
say he’s crazy. Hoss Face is old. He
760

ARGOSY.

drinks too much. Make allowance for
anything he says,” she warned.

CHAPTER II.

THE STRANGE CABIN.

TEXAS slept at the Jones cabin,
and was off for town at an early
hour, after promising to return
by midday. Pie arrived before the gam-
blers were abroad; nor was Judge
Byenck in his office. Leaving his mus-
tang in front of the office, Texas com-
menced his search. He drifted from
resort to resort and found most of
them empty. He returned to the saloon
nearest Byenck’s office and was stand-
ing outside the door when a blowsy-
looking man swaggered to a halt be-
fore him, and asked:

  “ Be you the younker Eb Whilks run
out of town yesterday ?”

  “ No. He didn’t run me any.”

  “If you be you’d better be goin’
faster’n the devil can whip a bear.”
“Who are you?”

  “ Reckon you’ve heard my name.
It’s known from the end of Louisiannv
to the end of Texas. I’m Jo Sling.”

  The name was spoken impressively,
and the owner waited.

  Texas said, “Jo what?”

  “ Jo Sling. Damn your eyes, can’t
you hear?”

  “Not with my eyes. Sling? Queer
name. You must be a stranger in these
parts.”

  “ A stranger? Jo Sling a stranger!”
The man’s rage choked off further
speech for the moment. He went for
a gun and received a kick on the wrist
that sent the weapon spinning.

  “ I don’t believe your name’s Sling
—keep away from that gun!”

  The man was cowed, although the
cowboy had not drawn a weapon.

Walking into the street Texas picked
up the gun and carried it inside the
saloon. He handed it to the bartender,
and directed, “ At ten thirty this morn-
ing you can hand this gun over to a
man who calls himself Jo Sling.”

  “ An’ what if I give it to him now?”
“ I’d feel sorry for both of you. But
Mr. Sling won’t take it now even if you
offer it.”

  The bartender glared, and bawled,
“ Hi, Jo! Come git your gun!”

  Sling came through the doorway,
hesitated, then turned back. Over his
shoulder he told the bartender, “ I’ll
call for it later.”

  As he vanished from the scene
Texas airily remarked, “ Feller like
him shouldn’t be trusted with guns.
I’m lookin’ for Hoss Face. Ain’t seen
him for years.”

  “ He comes in ’bout this time for a
quencher,” sullenly replied the barten-
der. Then, maliciously, “ Be you the
feller Eb Whilks dusted out of town
yesterday ?”

  “ You’re the second hombre to ask
me that. Sling was the first. If you’d
been on deck yesterday you’d ’a’ seen
Mr. Whilks hivin’ up to this bar, an’
not interested in any man in the street.
You can tell him I said I ain’t left tow’n
yet.”

  “ Eb Whilks can take a scut like
you—”

  “ Take me like this?” cut in Texas;
and he darted across the bar and caught *
the man’s nose between two fingers
and tweaked it smartly. “ Don’t pull
away. There! That what you mean?”

THE barkeep rubbed his nose and
wiped the water from his eyes,
and said, “ I got work to do.
Can't stand here chinnin’.”

  “ Well said, my son. Work keeps
men out of trouble.” Texas turned to
BAD HOMBRES.

761

go, but the bartender detained him, sul-
lenly saying:

  “ Here comes old Hoss Face now.”
Desiring to talk privately with the
man, Texas hastened to meet him out-
side the door. In a low voice he said,
“ Hoss Face, I’m Tom Calm’s boy.
Just back from Texas. I want to talk
with you.”

  “Jumpin’ hoppers! Little Wash
Calm, growed up like a giant! An’
totin’ a he-man’s gun! Talk? Reckon
I’ll talk my derned head off. Come in-
side while I appetize.”

  “ Not here. Up along. I'll make
the bar free to you.” He linked arms
with the old man and led the way to a
more secluded saloon, where he bought
a bottle of whisky and set it, and one
glass, on a corner table.

  “ Pour yourself a house-warmer,”
he invited. “ You remember that
wrestlin’—”

  “Don’t!” groaned Hoss Face. “I
still dream about it. God knows Tom
an’ me was prime friends. How could
that thing ’a’ happened, with his own
knife?”

  Texas waited until two more drinks
were gulped down; then he reminded:
“ Some folks say his knife fell out of
his belt, that he fell on it.”

  “ All a derned lie!” spluttered Hoss
Face, forgetting his first expression of
merely suspecting foul play. “ I was
goin’ to ask him to put his knife aside
when we started. But it wa’n’t in the
way of just a friendly scuffle. He
pitched into me afore I could say any-
thing even if I’d wanted to. The crowTd
got too close. We swerved near a post.
Your pap had me ’round the middle an’
was breakin’ me over. He swung me
’round to keep me clear of the post. I
slumped down to bust his hold an’ fetch
him over my hip.”

  He paused and rattled the neck of

the bottle against the glass until he had
poured another stout dram.

  “ You saw something?” whispered
Texas.

  Hoss Face advanced his lips close
to the waddie’s ear and murmured: “ I
see a hand come ’round the post. It
grabbed at your pap’s back. I see it
snatch the knife. Just the hand, mind
you. I see a tiny white line, like a scar,
on the second knuckle of the thumb
where the hide was drawn tight by
grippin’ at the haft. It happened in a
jiffy! I can see it any time, all the
time. Never dared yip a wrord then.
I’d been killed.”

  “ You saw the blow struck?” hoarse-
ly prompted Texas.

  Hoss Face shook his head. “ But I
felt your pap weaken. I swung him
over my hip and he sprawled out on his
face. I never dreamed he was mortal
hurt. If I’d had time to think I’d
’lowed some one grabbed the knife so
he wouldn’t fall on it an’ bruise his-
self.”

  “ That’s all, Hoss Face. My pap
was murdered. But I’ll tell no one
what you’ve said. I’ve a thousand in
gold down in Texas I’ll give to learn
who grabbed that knife.”

  “ An’ I couldn’t tell you for a mil-
lion,” whispered the broken man.
“ I’ve looked for that hair-like white
line on thumb knuckles ever since. I
reckon it don’t show if the hide ain’t
strained by grippin’ something. As you
kindly said, I ain’t told you nothin’. If
I’d bleated a word of this, in as tough
a town as Danby, I’d woke up dead
long ago.”

TEXAS had been convinced from
the beginning that his father was
the victim of an assassin. He
knew the chances of discovering the
murderer, even be he alive, were most
762

ARGOSY.

remote. Few of the spectators of that
fatal match were alive. The Civil War
had intervened to account for some;
old age, disease and violence had
whittled down the remainder.

 What had puzzled him and had
blocked any definite inquiry through
officers of the law was the entire lack
of motive. His father had been one of
the most popular men in the county.
He had kept out of politics and had
participated in no feuds. It remained
a black mystery.

  He allowed Hoss Face twenty min-
tites' start and then made for his mus-
tang. Seeing Judge Byenck In his of-
fice, he entered to give him greeting.

  “ I’m mighty glad to see you,
Wash/’ said the judge. “But I’m
peeved you won't put up at my place/5
“Just been movin' 'round. Got to
be headin' back soon. Met Jo Sling
this mornin'. He's got the notion he
thinks he's tough.”

  “ He's tough, and very dangerous,"
warned the judge.

  “ He might do drivin' the drag, but
never 011 the point. Looks to me like a
man who's sold his saddle.”

  The judge went to the door and
glanced out to make sure there were
110 listening ears. Lowering his voice
he explained, “Jo Sling, standing on
his own feet, doesn’t amount to a
damn. He'll kill in a second if he can
get the advantage; but that doesn't
make him dangerous. It’s the crowd he
herds with.”

  “ Reg'lar outfit of ’em, huh?”

  “ Organization would be the better
word. You hit one and you hit all.
You might kill one, or two, but you
can't kill all.”

  “ Who’s the head killer?”

  “ Ah, my boy, if we knew that there
wouldn’t be any organization. We’d
lynch the leader. As a lawyer, accus-

tomed to undertake the defense of any
man, criminal or honest, I can't try
to purify Danby. It's one of the tough-
est towns in the State. No rascal can
afford to kill me, as sometime he may
need me to defend him. Yet I never
take the street without these pieces of
jewelry in my waistcoat pockets/’
From each of the two lower pockets
he extracted a derringer of murderous
bore. “ Now, Wash, both as a lawyer
knowing criminals, and as your friend,

I	want to give you some good advice.”

  “ That I'd better pull out for Baxter
Springs,” interposed Texas.

  The judge bowed his head. Then
he summed up, “You've won the ill
will of Whilks and Sling. I heard
about your run-in with Sling when I
came down to the office. Wash, I ear-
nestly advise you to ride for it before
the organization can snag you.”

  “ I'm likely to pull out pretty soon.
But what does this gang do to make a
profit?”

  “ I've defended them for stealing
cattle and horses, for jumping lead
claims, and for counterfeiting North-
ern greenbacks. Also for the crime of
manslaughter.”

  “ Texas folks won't take any paper
money. Too many Confederate bills
down there. Mexicans won't take it,
either.”

  “ Nor will our folks here in Danby
touch it. But Northerners prefer it to
gold. That makes the game safer for
the gang. Money has to travel East
before it's found out to be bogus. Our
criminal class goes on the old theory
that dead men can't talk.”

  1	^HANKS, anyway, Jedge. I’ll be
ridin’ pretty soon; an’ Baxter
Springs ain't no piece of
heaven. . . . Queer that pap should be
killed just after finding a mine.”
BAD HOMBRES.

763

  “ He had excellent specimens, Wash-
ington. But I could find nothing on
your land. As your lawyer, and, in a
way of speaking, your guardian, I put
down test pits after some miscreant
fired your cabin. There were traces
aplenty, but no body of ore. Your pap
must have picked up his specimens in
the hills somewhere.”

  He paused and produced a bottle and
two glasses. Texas shook his head.
The judge drank a brimming glass,
neat. Texas wished he might confide
in him, but he was remembering his
father's advice. The judge was apt to
talk unwisely when under the influence
of liquor.

  “ ril be talcin’ a pasear back to the
‘ run ’ an’ then to the Springs. Found
some old neighbors left. Ellis Jones
has grown to be a young lady.”

  “ Remarkably handsome girl,” en-
dorsed the judge, his gaze quickening.
“ Fit to grace any station once she’s
removed from Hick’s Run.”

  “ An’ there’s Mam Lize.”

  “ She’s a damn’ nuisance,” said the
judge, testily. “ She stirs folks up.
Can’t get a nigger to work within a
mile of her.”

  Texas took to the sidewalk, and his
pony, in the road, kept abreast of him.
When at the end of the street, and be-
yond Whilks’s favorite saloon, he
whistled and the pony came to hi-m. He
finished the distance to the Run at a
smashing gallop, and dismounted at the
Jones cabin. Ellis was quick to ap-
pear in the doorway to welcome him.

  “Any one try to bother you?” she
asked in quick concern.

  “ Only Sunday-school folks,” he
lightly replied. “ What say to a ride
out to the place of briers in the Rainy
Hills?”

  “ I’m ready now. Lunch packed.”

  “ I’ll start afoot. You follow on my

  pony. He’s used to a loose rein and
a few pats on the neck.”

  “ You’re thinking wre’ll be fol-
lowed?”

  “ I really don’t; not to-day. Later,
yes. Give me half an hour and then
come hot-foot. ...Judge Byenck
spoke real handsome of you.”

  She blushed and made a little curt-
sy. “ He’ll be going to Congress aft-
er the carpet-baggers clear out. He’ll
find him a handsome wife there.”

  Leaving his mustang, Texas went
alone to the place of briers, where he
had seen his first bear. The spot had
not changed, he thought, except for a
narrow trail that led back into a fold
of the hills. It had not been there in
his bovhood.

  “ Hossmen been out here quite a
bit,” he mused in surprise, as he stared
at the trace.

  Then came Ellis Jones, imitating
bird-calls. He hurried to meet her
and found her quite resplendent in a
flower-besprigged dress and a beflowr-
ered bonnet. It was her best apparel
and but poorly suited for the place of
briers.

  “ Folks been out here, quite a bit.”
he remarked as he helped her from the
saddle.

  The trail puzzled her, too, and her
questing gaze followed its winding
course until it dipped from sight be-
hind a ridge.

  “ It’s the first I knew this was a
short cut to any place,” she remarked.
“ There’s nothing beyond except your
land.”

Leaving the mustang the two fol-
lowed the narrow trail clear of the
bush-growth, and over the ridge. They
found the track continuing into and
across the valley. It seemed to end in
a growth of oaks. Texas, in the lead,
suddenly halted and, pointing to the
764

ARGOSY.

oaks, whispered, “ What in tarnation
does that mean?”

SHE stepped back into cover and
drew him with her. He, too, had
heard it: the sound of a door clos-
ing. Instinctively secretive, both
crouched low and waited. Texas did
not relish concealment on his own land;
but the girl pleadingly touched .a finger
to her lips.

  Texas was quick to diagnose a new
sound, that of a horse walking toward
them. Soon the head and shoulders
of a man showed above the bushes;
the rider was Eb Whilks. He pricked
his mount into a gallop and cantered
up the slope and over the ridge.

  “What next?” whispered the girl.
“ Take a peek at the cabin?”

  “ Why not ? It’s on my land.”

  “ Other men may be there.”

  “ I own this land,” he said harshly,
and his hand dropped on his gun.

  He led the way toward the half con-
cealed structure, and no longer made
any attempt at secrecy. The house,
solidly built of logs, was long enough
for two cabins. The windows were of
glass and were protected, in a measure,
by bars of oak. Staring between the
bars, his big hat shading the glass,
Texas remained silent for nearly a min-
ute. The girl asked him what he was
seeing.

  “ Bunks for eight or ten men.
T’other end is partitioned off. I’m
mighty curious to see what’s in the back
end.”

  “ You’ll go in ?” she asked. There
was shivery expectancy in her voice.

  “ Why not ? It’s my house because
it’s on my land. But I’d rather not
let folks know we’ve been here. May be
more in this than just jumping a man’s
land”

  He passed to the windows of the

  shut-off portion and found them cov-
ered with thick slabs. Spying through
crevices was made impossible by inside
curtains of black cloth.

  “ Now I know I’m going to get in-
side this place,” he whispered. “ You
hide out in the trees. If you see or
hear anything, caw like a crow.”

  <s I’d rather you wouldn’t,” she pro-
tested. “ But—I’d like to go along
with you.”

  He smiled in understanding and mo-
tioned her toward the protective cover.
She hastened to conceal herself while
he experimented with the door. It was
secured by a staple and padlock. He
solved the problem by finding a dis-
carded ramrod and using it as a lever
in withdrawing the staple.

  Once inside, with the door closed be-
hind him, he hastened half the length
of the interior and came to a second
door. This also was secured by staple
and padlock. He again used the ram-
rod and stood on the threshold of a
room that was in shadows.

  An oil-lamp hung from a cross-beam,
but he did not light it. Once his eyes
became used to the semi-darkness he
discovered a small printing press. Be-
side this was a small trap door, which
he proceeded to open. Reaching down
one hand, his fingers encountered pack-
ages of paper, seemingly of equal
width and length. Fishing out one of
these he was amazed to behold what
purported to be greenbacks.

  “ Counterfeiters!” he softly ex-
claimed. “ Workin’ on my land.
Damn’ skunks!”

  He scarcely had finished his little so-
liloquy before a shrewd scheme for
running the cattle through the south-
western part of the state, past these
blockading outlaws and highwaymen,
was forming in his quick mind.

  Further examination revealed all the
BAD HOMBRES.

765

bills were tens, with fifty in each pack-
age. He took ten packages, then re-
placed the trap and left the room.

  Driving the staple back with the butt
of his gun he soon had the door as he
had found it. He repeated the process
at the outside door after dropping his
plunder in an old gunnysack.

THE girl came running to join him,
eagerly asking questions. He
hushed her with lifted hand and
quickly led the way up the ridge, but
not along the trail. He crossed the
ridge some distance east of the trail
and descended to the valley on a long
diagonal.

  He soon found his horse and lifted
the girl into the saddle. He walked
ahead, leading the way farther east,
and came to an open valley that ex-
tended northeast. His eyes glittered as
he imagined it filled with Texas cattle.
Swinging south in a wide curve he
continued his detour until back of the
Jones cabin.

  Slipping to the ground Ellis Jones
fiercely demanded, “ Will you talk
now?”

  “ Just achin’ to, young lady.” He
rapidly recounted what he had done
and found.

  “ They’ll know some one stole
them,” she warned.

  “ But the locks are in place. They
won’t suspect nothin’ until they count
their money. Then they’ll suspect each
other. Mebbe Whilks was up there
alone to git some, sort of private-like.
Every man in the outfit must have a
key to the outside door. They can’t
suspect us.”

  “ But why did you take any of the
miserable stuff? You wouldn’t use it
to cheat folks?”

  “ Now, now—”

  “ I know you wouldn’t, Washing-

ton. You always was an honest little
boy.”

  “ Only to cheat cheaters. I’d use it
for that, mebbe. These outlaws are
skunks. Any game is fair to play on
’em. Fight the devil with fire. I must
git back to Baxter Springs in a rush.”
“ Oh ! I hoped—thought you would
stay on the Run for a while.”

  “ But I’m cornin’ back, Ellis. Some
day I’m cornin’ back for good. I’m go-
in’ to work that mine.”

  “ Why not now?”

  “ They wouldn’t let me. Got to be
some house-cleanin' before honest
folks can do much work.”

  “ You’ll see and talk with Judge
Byenck before you do anything? He's
for law and order.”

  Texas became grave as he explained.
“ I want to tell him things, but I
don’t dast to. Pap warned me when
I was a younker how the jedge would
babble things when on a drunk. I must
play my own game until I need him as
a lawyer. Then he can talk all he
wants to.”

  He went with her to the house and
was glad to find her aunt absent. He
stuffed a portion of the bogus money
into his boots and concealed the re-
mainder about his person. He chuckled
and said, “ If anything bumps me hard
I’ll sorter scatter money all over the
country. Don’t be s’prised if you hear
the rattle of longhorns up this way,
poppin’ like pistols. If we can make
Sedalia, the herd’s all right, an’ then I
may turn lead-miner.”

  “If only Judge Byenck wouldn’t
talk!” she sighed.

  “A man carries too much extry
weight that does that. We use most of
our breath for breathin’, down in
Texas. Now Pm strikin’ due west,
hittin’ the line north of the Springs.”
He paused, then said in a lower tone,
766

ARGOSY.

“ Ellis—It'd help a heap if you could
say you'd wait for me."

“ m wait, Wash/’ she whispered.

CHAPTER III.

A RISKY GAME.

HE rode that afternoon several
miles north of the town, and
through unfrequented ways. He
crossed the Missouri-Kansas line a
mile above his outfit, and attracted no
attention as he galloped south.

  His first Easiness was to secure the
attention of Bill, and this required
much finesse as his fellow brush-popper
was winning at poker. Two minutes
of talk aside caused Bill to forget the
game, and his weathered face reflected
a continuing satisfaction.

“ It’s too tarnal good to be true!”
exclaimed Bill. “ Cuss th’ luck! Why
couldn’t I been along? What next?”
“ I must talk with the boss. None
of the boys must know anything about
it; only you, the boss, an’ me. Sabe?”
" Si, senor. Go it, you young devil!”
The trail-boss was in the depths of
despair. The congestion of cattle ex-
ceeded anything ever experienced in
the history of the cattle trade. He was
curt and inclined to be explosive when
Texas insisted on a private audience.

  “ Keep your young troubles to home.
I've got more’n I can stagger under,”
he growled.

  “ You just got to listen, boss!”

  “ Yaah? Listen to hear how glad
the home folks was to see you. Clear
out! I'd be a dangerous man for even
John Wesley Hardin to trifle with,

just now.”

  “ But you just got to listen. How
do you like the looks of those?” And
he displayed several ten-dollar green-
backs.

  ‘Forty dollars! Damsite more’n
the old man will make out of this drive.
Clear out afore I spile a good gun-bar-
rel over your thick head.”

  “ But Fve got lots of this—”

  “ Yankee money,” sneered the boss,
“ No one in Texas will touch it.”

  “ It’s good as gold with the govern-
ment behind it,” softly insisted Texas.
“ Fve got five thousand in that sort
of money. Boss, Bill an’ me will buy
this Missouri crowd an* git a road
through to Sedalia.”

  “ What train or bank have you two
scuts been triflin' with?” harshly de-
manded the boss.

  “ Wrong guess. When the game
opens, have the boys understand it's
the most tarnal hustlin’ game they was
ever up against. Put me on the right
point, you goin’ ahead with the chuck-
wagon an' the horses—the remuda.
Give us two days an’ we'll be clear of
this mess an’ so far toward Sedalia all
hell can't turn us back.”

  The boss’s eyes began to glow. With
the toe of his boot Texas drew an
imaginary map of the country north
and east of Danby.

  “ I know it, Texas,” impatiently
broke in the boss. “ I was over it afore
they put up the bars. But where'd you
git that money?”

  Texas glanced around to reassure
himself of privacy, and whispered,
“ It's make-believe money. I found
where they was makin' it. Helped
myself. The folks that git it will be
simply takin' in what they themselves
were plannin' to pass on poor, unsus-
pect in’ critters. No one knows I have
it.”

  The boss drew a deep breath. Hope
and a sardonic humor began to sparkle
in his deep-set gray eyes. He said,
“If this game works you can have any-
thing the old man has.”
BAD HOMBRES.

767

  “ Bill an’ me will begin work to-
morrer. Now, best begin fetch in’ the
cattle in closer to the line. Day after
to-morrer, perhaps sooner, oughter see
us on the trail.”

   “ I’ll have the steers ready, fit to win
a foot race, Texas.”

  “ Bill an’ me are goin’ out a ways
an’ dirty up this money. Looks too
new/’

  “ Texas, I'm goin’ to fix it to-mor-
rer so folks will be slow to wipe you
out if they catch you in a jam. I’m
goin’ to use my right to draw on the
old man an’ put a credit of a thousand
dollars in the bank what will be paid
to the man who kills any man who kills
you.”

  It required half a minute for the
full significance of this arrangement
to penetrate Texas's understanding.
Then a slow smile lightened his usually
taciturn face. He softly said, “ Boss,
that is the humdingest plan any hom-
bre ever thought up. There ain't one
in that crooked outfit who wouldn't kill
any other man in it for half that
money; an’ any man who’d want to
kill me would know he was just setting
a price on his own head!”

  “ I'll start for Danby at sunrise to
fix it,” promised the trail boss.

  “ Bill an' me will make a early start
an' git busy in buyin' trail-rights,”
Texas jubilantly assured him.

TEXAS was accompanied by Bill
on his next visit to Danby, the
day after the trail-boss had gone
alone to town. Leaving Bill outside
Judge Byenck’s office, Texas entered
and was warmly greeted. After the
handshaking was finished, the judge
said:

  “ What’s this business about your
boss arranging with the bank to pay
money to the man who kills your mur-

derer? Never heard of such a thing
before.”

  “ Oh, he got fidgety. He reckoned
some one here might be rubbin' me out.
He thinks he needs me in the outfit.
Funny notion of his, yet a pretty good
idea. A thousand dollars is a lot of
money.”

                  •<*

  “ It should thoroughly protect you
even in this rather rough community,
my boy. But it's a cruel shame that
the son of one of our old citizens has
to fear for his life, when he comes back
home.”

  “ Sorter low-down,” agreed Texas.
“ But lots of new folks have blown in
here since I was a kid. You under-
stand, Jedge, that reward money was
the boss’s notion, not mine. I can take
care of myself.”

  “ Not against a bullet from behind,”
moodily corrected the judge. “ But
who could wish any harm to come to
you?”

  “ Eb Whilks would laugh right out
loud if he heard I was dead. So would
Jo Sling. Either one of 'em would pot
me in a second if he dared. I had a
run-in with each of ’em when I was in
town before, an' Whilks as good as
vowed he’d git me.”

  “ Pie’ll think and talk differently
now,” grimly assured the judge.
“ What's doing now? Another hol-
iday while your boss tries to decide
what he'll do with the herd ?”

  “ I've thought of a way out of it,
Jedge.”

  “ Go along! Howr can that be ?”

  “ First, we have twenty-five hundred
prime steers that will be worth nothing
if they ain’t moved soon. Baxter
Springs for miles 'round is grazed out.
T’other herds cornin’ along make it
worse. We can't move west. We can't
drive back into the Injun Nation.”

  “ That’s true,” regretted the judge.
768

ARGOSY.

*u And if you enter the Nation the In-
 dians will steal all your cattle, or tax
 you outrageously. Even-Stephen. But
 what’s your notion of undoing this sad
 business?”

   “ Buy our way through southwest-
 ern Missouri to Sedalia.”

   The judge whistled softly; then
 warned, “ But that would take a heap
 of money.”

   “ We’ll pay five thousand dollars for
 an open trail for our herd/” said Texas.
 " Gold ?”

   “ No, no. Can’t be gold. We’ve
 been that desperate that we’ve sold
 some steers to Northern men. They
 had nothin’ but paper money. The old
 man back on the home-ranch, had con-
 siderable paper money that ain’t wordi
 a hoot down there. He sent that along
 with the outfit. That’s just what we’ve
 got; five thousand dollars in green-
 backs.”

   The judge grimaced, and said, “ Of
 course I know it’s sound as wheat. But
 folks down here, as in Texas, hate
 greenbacks. The war made us all shy
 of paper money. We’re still remember-
 ing our Confederate money.”

   “ You reckon the toughs won’t take
 paper money?” asked Texas, his voice
 uneasy. •

   “ Oh, they'll take it. But they’ll
 want to discount it a lot.”

 “rT""*HEY can call the five thousand
 1^ anything they want to if they’ll
 let us drive our herd through,”
 said Texas sourly. “ But five thousand
 is all we have. United States green-
 backs are worth a hundred cents on the
 dollar if they’re taken to St. Louis. . .
 See here, Jedge—an’ this is my real
 business with you—why can’t you fix
 it for us? You’re a lawyer. You’ve
 defended lots of these hombres. You
 must know ’em. You can handle it.”

  Byenck shook his head and firmly
said, “ Even the devil is entitled to hav-
ing his rights protected in court. I do .
defend these roughs. But I can’t
stamp with my approval this sort of
bribery. If you were buying a right
of way from the state, that would Be
different. You’re filling the pockets of
our worst citizens. They know the
Texas fever can’t hurt anything
through this region, but they use that
as an excuse to extort money. It will
set up a bad precedent.”

  Texas looked greatly disappointed.
Byenck walked to the window and
back; then said, “I’m mighty sorry,
my boy. But I’d be particeps criminis,
a partner in a crime. I’d be encourag-
ing extortion, bribery, blackmail, what-
ever you choose to call it. But I un-
derstand your hard position. I can’t
blame you for making every effort to
save the herd. I sympathize with you.”

  “ Sympathy won’t save our herd,
Jedge. See here: Is there a man 1 can
go to an’ pay the money, an’ have him
arrange it so it will stay fixed?”

  Byenck stared at the ceiling and was
silent for a minute. Then he said,

“ Whilks is your man. If he agrees
to take your money, he’ll pay off his
friends and your herd will go through.”

  “ An’ I’ve shot his nice newr hat full
of holes!” sighed Texas.

  “ He can buy several new hats with
his share of the money,” dryly re-
minded Byenck.

  Texas’s overcast face brightened.

“ I’ll hunt him up pronto. May have
to lay a gun on him till I can explain
things.”

  ” He’s in his favorite saloon. He
may shoot at sight.”

  “ With a thousand goin’ to the man
who nails him?”

  “Dawg-gone! I was forgetting
that, my boy.”

                       S A
BAD HOMBRES.

769

    JNone of Whilks’s crowd will for-
get it. An' there’s not one of ’em who
wouldn’t pop over his own dad in a
second for half that money. All right,
Jedge; an’ thank you.”

TEXAS rejoined Bill and briefly
explained the situation, and add-
ed, “ That’s the way the game
lays, Bill. You go in first an’ stand be-
side him. He’s the slickest dresser at
the bar. Git his attention till I can
drift close. Lay a gun on him if he
tries to act up. Then I’ll gentle him.”
Bill nodded, quite happy over his
part in the maneuver. With straddling
gait he bore down on the saloon near-
est the law'-office and entered! He
heard a voice say something about a
“ damn’ herder,” but for once he was
impervious to insults. He recognized
Whilks with one swreep of his gaze
down the long bar. The man was
standing at the lower end and facing
the open door.

  Bill advanced and walked behind
him. Whilks instantly faced about and
glared at him suspiciously, and
growled:

  “ You got the whole state of Mis-
souri to drink in. What, you crowding
alongside of me for?”

  Whilks felt something pressing
against his thigh. He glanced down
and saw the six-shooter Bill had drawn
under cover of the bar.

  “ You be a little gentleman, stran-
ger,” murmured Bill. “ Got a little
business deal to put up to you. You be-
have till my partner comes to explain.
Make a move an’ I’ll spile your person.
Wait, an’ listen to my friend, an’ you’ll
want to kiss me after it’s all over.”
Beads of sweat dotted Whilks’s fore-
head. Both his arms were resting on
the bar.

  “ A damn’ trap!” he muttered.

   4 A

  “ No trap at all. Just iny visitin’
card. Here comes my friend now. He
comes with a peace-pipe. If we meant
you mortal hurt, it wouldn’t take two
of us. My friend wants you to do
something for him, an’ he’s willin’ to
pay high for it.”

  Whilks glanced toward the door and
beheld Texas swinging in, the big gun
disquietingly in evidence. “ He’ll pay
high for what I’m goin’ to do for
him,” rasped Whilks.

  “ Don’t forgit that thousand blood-
money—an’ the joker I’m holdin’,”
warned Bill.

  Texas came down the line. The
curious patrons turned their heads and
watched his advance on Whilks with
keen interest and expectancy. Then,
one by one, they began drifting awray
from the bar, some to take to the
streets, the more resolute to seat them-
selves at small tables at the back of the
big room.

  Without any preamble, Texas, his
arms resting on the bar, began:

  “ Whilks, we don’t like each other,
but I have some business you can
handle for me. Jedge Byenck said you
was the hombre for me to go to. This
means money .for you—while if I’m
rubbed out it means a thousand dol^
lars cash for the man wTho gets my
killer.”

  “ I’ve heard about that,” mumbled
Whilks. “ But I didn’t believe it.”

  “ It’s true. But let’s git down to my
boss’s business. I’m here talkin’ for
him. His cattle will be a dead loss if
they ain’t driven to market, pronto. If
you’ll fix it for him to drive the herd
through to hit the Missouri Pacific,
somewhere near Sedalia, I’ll hand you
five thousand Hollars. What say?”
Whilks was nonplused. “ What sort
of a gum-game is this?” he managed
to ask.
770

ARGOSY.

  “ It's a five thousand dollar gum-
game. Our herd’s worth nigh to a hun-
dred thousand if we can git ’em to the
railroad, quick. They’re prime stock
an’ should bring forty dollars a head,
easy. Twenty-five hundred odd of
’em, all steers. They’ll drive twice as
fast as a mixed herd an’ give no trouble
on the drag. Now, can you make the
trail safe for ’em? We shall put ’em
through mighty fast.”

WHILKS fanned his steaming
face with his soft hat, and his
eyes grew lurid as he beheld the
bullet holes. But the thousand in the
bank, waiting to be paid over for the
body of the slayer of this offensive
cow-waddie, was a deterrent to action.
Nor was Whilks’s share of the prof-
fered five thousand dollars to be light-
ly ignored. Clapping on his hat he
gruffly said:

  “ You stay here. You say you’ve
talked with Byenck. I want to talk
with him.”

  “ We’ll be here, calmly drinkin’
beer/’ assured Texas. “Just tell your
friends not to take no pot shots at us.”
Whilks’s lips twisted into a vicious
grin, and he answered, “ They know
about that b 1 o o d-m one y, too.
Damnedest notion I ever heard of!”

  He swaggered out to the street and
the two cow hands ordered beer and
drank contentedly. After some fifteen
minutes Whilks returned, walking
smartly. He advanced on the pair and
nodded his head, saying, “ I can pass
the word to-day. Free trail for your
herd. We’ll have men watching to see
no other herd hogs in. When do you
wish to work the riffle? An’ when do
I get the money? I must pay off a
heap of the boys.”

  “We can start ’em day after to-
morrer.” spoke up Bill. “ Our herd’s

nearest the line. We’ll pass north of
this burg an’ make a forced drive the
first day.”

  “ Then be at the line early in the
morning, day after to-morrow. And
the money?”

  “ I’ll have it ready for you before a
steer crosses the line,” promptly prom-
ised Texas.

  They parted, and the two waddies
took to the street and swung into the
saddle, and never once looked behind
them. By this time the whole town
knew of the unique life-insurance
Texas was carrying. When the pair
were on the outskirts of the village,
Laughin’ Diggs halted them by stand-
ing in the road and weaving his tat-
tered hat.

  “ What’s the matter, old pard?” de-
manded Bill.

  “He’s crazy,” whispered Texas;
and then, aloud, “ Good mornin’, Mr.
Diggs.”

  “ Laughin’ Diggs,” corrected the ec-
centric, and he laughed infectiously un-
til he had to wipe the tears from his
eyes. The two travelers guffawed in
sympathy.

  “No one shoots me, along of my
bein’ queer,” said Diggs. “ An’ they
don’t dast shoot you, along of the heap
of money in the bank. But I’ve been
thinkin’.” He was addressing his re-
marks to Texas, and the latter nodded
for him to finish.

  “ I was thinkin’ why some of our
town smarties don’t shoot you an’ then
kill some man that ain’t got any friends
an’ swear he done for you.”

  “ He may be crazy, but he ain’t no-
body’s old fool,” said Bill in a low
voice.

  Texas frowned slightly and told the
eccentric, “ That game won’t work.
Genuine proof that the man killed was
the hombre who wiped me out must
BAD HOMBRES.

771

be made at the bank. Can't be no
guessin’ about it. No takin’ Whilks’s,
or Jo Sling's say-so.”

  “ Folks clown this way can lie them-
selves out of Tophet," continued Diggs.
“ I got a bad place in my head, makes
life seem funny to me. But I ain't
crazy although my head is queer* You
watch your step, young feller.”

CHAPTER IV.

RUNNING THE BLOCKADE.

DURING the remainder of the ride
Texas was silent much of the
time. Bill shrewdly guessed the
tenor of his thoughts and encouraged,
“ It Ml soon be good-by to this chunk
of country. Our boys will see no one
pots you without showin’ hisself.”

  “ I wasn't chewin’ over that entirely,
Bill. But as Diggs says, some outfit
down here could play that game. Name
a man they didn't like as the one who
had done for me. But what's worryitv
me most just now is the chance of
Whilks seein' that our money is the
funny kind.”

  “Not in a full mooil!” Bill firmly
assured. “ It’s been shook up in a dirty
bag an' is crumpled an' creased. It was
too good a lookin’ job at first; but now
it looks just like the greenies them
Northerners play poker for.”

  When they reached their camp they
found the trail-boss had developed a
bad case of nerves. He took Texas
aside and eagerly listened to his re-
port.

  “ Once we git started, we got to go
through with it,” the boss told him.
“ There can’t be any turnin’ back. If
the money don’t set right, we’ve got
to shoot our way through an’ save what
steers we can. I’ve hired eight extry
men from other outfits, whose owners

can’t use ’em. Steers must go through
even if they spot our game.”

  “ Once we’ve covered twenty miles
an’ are well north of Danby we’ll have
the worst of it behind us,” Texas ad-
vised him. “ The whole drive’s about
two hundred miles as I figure it. There
are several long, grassy valleys where
we can slow down an’ make up for the
feed the herd loses at this end. Good
water all the way. Let me ride right
point an’ have Bill pointin’ on the left.
Put all the new hands on the drag.”

  Herd owners and trail bosses had
noticed the unusual activities about the
Three-Diamond outfit’s camp, and
were trying to guess why extra hands
had been hired. The shrewd trail boss
permitted them to believe that the herd
was to travel north along the Kansas-
Missouri line up to Fort Scott. The
next day saw the cattle being driven
toward the Missouri line, with the out-
lying bunches being thrown into one
big mass. The dust and rattling of
horns evidenced some radical action;
and desperate owners vainly besieged
the Three-Diamond foreman to learn if
there was any advantage in which they
might participate.

  Early in the morning of the appoint-
ed day there was a definite movement
toward the line. The trail boss and
Texas came up on the right point.

  Some fifty men, heavily armed,
guarded the Missouri border. When
he got within a quarter mile of these
men Texas galloped ahead, carrying
a gunnysack across his saddle. He
spotted Whilks in the foreground and
rode up to him.

  Texas had no reason to believe the
bogus money had been missed from the
hidden cabin. Whilks’s face was
screwed up in a frown, but that was
his habitual expression. Handing
down the sack, Texas said:
772

ARGOSY.

  “ Here it is ”

  Whipping out a bowie-knife and
slitting the bag, Whilks cried, “ Hold
back those damn cattle until I can
count it.”

  "Count it fast, then. Twenty-five
hundred beeves make a lot of pressure,
an’ we must go through a flukin’, or
they’ll bull an' stampede.”

WHILKS rapidly examined the
money, counting a thousand of
it out in small sums, and call-
ing each henchman by name to ad-
vance and receive his pay.

  “ Looks like it had been all over
hell’s half acre,” he told Texas in a
loud voice, for the din of the approach-
ing herd was rapidly increasing.

  The chuck-wagon came up, the “ old
man ” wearing a gun with several
notches. He yelled, “ Damnation!
Give us the trail, we can’t hold ’em!”

  He passed on before any one could
remonstrate. Whilks lifted his head to
survey nearly two miles of steers trav-
eling smartly. “ Reckon it’s all here,
boys. If it ain’t we’ll collect with in-
terest later.” And the “ guard ” fell
back to give the surging herd the right
of way. The remuda passed on a mad
gallop, seven extra horses for each
herder. And Texas was racing back
to take his position on the right point.

  Over the line swept the head of the
drive. The Missourians reappeared, to
ride along the flanks and prevent
other herds from joining in the drive.

  Rival owners and trail bosses were
cursing and shouting and desperately
endeavoring to make last minute ar-
rangements for a right of way. But
the great din reduced their outcries to
grimaces.

  Spurring up beside Texas the trail
boss cried, “ It worked! Damme,
Texas, if it didn’t work!”

  Drawn of face, Texas nodded and
wondered how long before Whilks and
his followers would discover the truth.
Texas had sketched a rough map of
the route for the boss. The course he
had selected would pass through the
long valley down which he and Ellis
Jones had ridden after the raid on the
counterfeiters’ cabin.

  He considered this patch of the
route the worst danger zone as the
movement of the herd might draw the
lawbreakers to their cabin. Did this
happen, it might follow that the cache
of money would be inspected and found
to be short. But it was the most direct
route, and Texas knewr to shift the
course radically would arouse suspi-
cion.

  Ordinarily the herd would be driven
slowly and allowed to graze through
the early hours, while kept gently mov-
ing in the right direction. This time,
the normal order was reversed and the
cattle were pushed.

  As the herd strung out, the natural
leaders forged to the front; gaunt
steers that never would be content to
loiter with the drags. Since this was
not a mixed herd, the drag-drivers had
less to do, their work consisting mainly
of turning back chronic bolters. Steers
that had formed the habit of bolting
from the herd were shot down to pre-
vent stampedes.

  Through brush and broken country
the long line was maneuvered, and
when it came time for the usual rest
and plenty of water they were urged
on. The men on the point kept the
head a little east of north. One great
advantage in the nature of the country
traveled was the absence of any “ big
swimmin’s.” Considering the country,
all trail records were broken by the
time the weary animals were halted
for grass and water in the long valley.
BAD HOMBRES.

773

  Texas, tired in every muscle and
joint, dully wondered how he could see
Ellis Jones after the drive was com-
pleted. With Whilks ultimately dis-
covering how he had been tricked with
his own bogus greenbacks, Texas was
certain no amount of “ blood ” money
in the world would serve to protect
him. With the drive finished, however,
Texas knew he would return to Hick’s
Run, let the odds against him be ever
so great.

ONLY the trail boss, Texas, and
Bill sensed the drama of the sit-
uation. The rest of the outfit
were carefree, believing real money
had bought the right of way. They
wondered why there should be such
great haste in making Sedalia.

  The long hours of daylight were used
to the full. When the herd entered
the grassy valley, down which Texas
and Ellis Jones had fled after their vis-
it to the counterfeiters’ cabin, there
was no fear of a stampede. The weary
cattle crowded along the run and drank
their fill, grazed a bit, and then lay
down.

  The night-herders rode along their
flanks, singing dolorous songs, while
others sat on their horses above and
below the herd. The continuous croon-
ing of the singers completed what ex-
haustion had commenced, and the herd
slept.

 The “ old woman,” a grizzly,
grouchy, deadly specimen of humanity
despite his misnomer, dished up grub
from his chuck-wagon. He rejoiced
in an abundant supply of firewood. The
caboose or “ coony ”—an apron of
hide stretched under the wagon to hold
what stray bits of wood might be
picked up in plains country—was not
drawn upon. The barrel of water,
resting inside the wagon-bed with the

spigot protruding through the side of
the bed, was emptied and filled with
fresh water from the creek. Under
such conditions the cook was almost
human.

  Cattle will not stampede so long as
they can hear the reassuring voices of
their herders, and the timbered ridges
on each side of the valley discouraged
wandering from the bedding ground.
Two men were stationed a mile down
the valley, one in the rear and one on
each side. These were to guard against
surprise attacks. The men could not
understand why such precautions
should be taken after thfe boss had
bought the right of way.

  Early in the morning the night-herd-
ers came in to snatch a bit of sleep.
The day men went on duty and the
old woman served breakfast and, fol-
lowed by the remuda, pulled out to be
ready for the midday meal.

  Before sunrise the herd was up and
grazing. The guards from the rear
came in and reported all quiet. The
drag drivers took their positions. The
long line was started moving, and the
clattering of hoofs and the rattling and
popping of the longhorns drowned the
sound of early bird-calls and reduced
conversation to gestures.

  Along the top of the inclosing ridges
rode horsemen who were to look for
men coming in haste and on mischief
bent. For the first three miles the herd
moved leisurely, grazing as they ad-
vanced. Then the pace was increased,
although it was more difficult to accel-
erate the herd on this lush grass than
if the trail had been hard-packed earth.
At the end of seven miles the herd went
to water and were allowed to lie down
and rest during the noon-day heat.

  Texas, nervously alert and picturing
many dangers, was for pushing the
herd along, but the boss insisted noth-
774

ARGOSY.

ing would be gained by such ill-advised
haste. Also, he wished the herd to take
advantage of the rich grazing so they
might be in good flesh at the end of the
drive. He estimated the first day’s
drive was thirty miles. He planned to
cover twenty miles on the second day,
and to average fifteen miles for the re-
mainder of the drive.

ONLY a miracle could permit the
repetition of the first twenty-four
hours’ penetration of the coun-
try. Small creeks could be death-traps
did the herd crowd down into them too
precipitately. And it was difficult to
get the head of the herd out of the
water and on the trail again, and to
round up half a mile of the thirsty
creatures fringing the western bank.

  Stubborn leaders had to be roped
and violently urged to mount the far-
ther bank. The men on the flanks
crossed the cattle and then drove them
into what was to be the trail. The
drag-drivers collected all strays and
kept the rear of the line in motion. To
those who had popped cattle out of the
jungles of southwest Texas, this work
was not arduous, but the new hands
who were used to driving in open coun-
try found much to learn.

  Day after day, however, the herd
forged on, the chuck-wagon and the
remuda always on hand when needed;
and always ahead when the straggling
files were in motion.

  Citizens of the State appeared occa-
sionally and complained that their cows
and oxen had been absorbed by the
drive. When there was definite proof
of such assertions, the boss made a
settlement. When there was doubt, the
complainant was generously told to go
in and pick out his property and re-
move it. None of the latter class cared
to venture among the milling cattle.

  Many such complaints were so many
hold-ups, and the trail-crew was hard
to bluff.

  Every now and then a sheriff ap-
peared and ordered the drive to be
turned back; but there was no turning-
back two miles of longhorns. By ca-
jolery, defiance, and a judicious pay-
ment of claims, the herd was kept mov-
ing in the right direction.

  The country people as a whole, how-
ever, realized the herd could not have
crossed the line without the permission
of the Newton County men. The drive
left considerable money among those
who had eggs, butter, bread and milk
to sell. Although there were threats,
much grumbling and occasional shots
fired from a distance, each day saw the
herd nearing its destination.

  At last came the great day, the day
when final arrangements were made
with the railroad to ship the steers
east; the day when the trail-boss
clapped a hand on Texas’s shoulder
and said:

  “Young feller, it worked! Damme
if we didn’t put it through! The Old
Man should make you a handsome
present. It’s made you lots of enemies
in southwest Missouri; so we'll cut
across into Kansas, hit Johnson County
an’ swing wide of Newton County an’
Baxter Springs. This whole outfit is
about as popular just now as so many
trail-inspectors, along the Injun Na-
tions line.”

“ Sorry, boss, but I must go back to
Newton County. Just have to do it.”
“ You damn’ young fool! Want to
git your throat cut ? That money pro-
tection ain’t good any more.”

  “ I’ve just got to go back, boss.”

  “ Then you've got a fight down there
that you're keen to finish—is that it?
Or is it some gal you got to see ?”

  “ I'm collectin’ an old debt.”
BAD HOMBRES.

775

  “ How many of the boys you want
to go with you?”

  “ Not a one. It’s my trouble, if there
is any trouble. But I have one good
friend down there who has a heap of
influence. Jedge Byenck. He’!] back
my game to the limit.”

  “ Yeah, Byenck has a lot of influ-
ence,” agreed the boss. “ He’s goin'
to Congress. Big man. Well, you’re
a young idiot, but I reckon I’d do about
the same when I was your fool age.”

CHAPTER V.

  THE MAN IN THE LINEN DUSTER.

IT was late afternoon when Texas
broke his last camp and finished a
five mile ride to Hick’s Run. Sup-
per smokes were lazily rising from the
several cabins along the stream.

  Ellis Jones was carrying a bucket of
water into the house as he swung off
his horse and whistled shrilly. The girl
turned, her face lighting up wondrous-
ly; but almost instantly it became over-
cast.

  “ You were glad to see me, an’ now
you ain’t,” said Texas as he took the
bucket from her.

  “ I’ll be mortal glad to see you any-
where but here,” she told him. “ I am
horribly afraid.”

  His lips smiled, but his eyes nar-
rowed. “ Some one been lookin' for
me? Have they found out how they
were sold?”

  She glanced up and down the creek
apprehensively and in a low voice told
him, “ Armed men have been here.
They asked no question. Just looked
around. Whilks and Jo Sling were
among them. I feel as if they were
watching us now. Mam Lize says it’s
dangerous for you to come back here.
I was planning to write and send it to

your home ranch by some man at Bax-
ter Springs. Laughin’ Diggs was to go
down and find a man to carry it.”

  “ I’m keen to read that letter,
Ellis. . .Mam Lize believes in signs; I
believe in my gun.”

  “ We mustn't stand out here! Come
inside. Supper will be ready in about
an hour.”

  The girl's aunt received Texas rath-
er coolly. After the aunt had with-
drawn to the kitchen, Texas asked,
“ Why doesn’t she like me?”

  Ellis’s face flushed; yet she smiled
slightly as she explained, “ She thinks
I should go to Washington.”

  “ Wants you to marry the jedge?”
Texas gravely asked, and she nodded.
He morosely continued, “ Mebbe she’s
right. Some difference in marryin’ a
jedge, who can go to Congress, an’
marryin’ a waddie.”

  “ All the difference in the world,
Washington. So marrying a judge is
out of the question. We’ll go over and
call on Mam Lize.”

  As they walked toward Mam Lize’s
cabin a horseman came riding down
the creek. He reined in on beholding
the couple and grinned sardonically,
and swept off his hat and bowed low.

  “ Howdy do, Whilks,” greeted
Texas.

  “ Howdy. Driv^ finished, I take it.
Going back to the ranch ?”

  “ I opine to, after I’ve neighbored
here a trifle.”

  “ No trouble with the drive?”

  “Not more’n ordinary.”

  “ Glad to see you back.” And with
enigmatical smile Whilks bowed to the
girl and pricked his mount into a gal-
lop, swerving to enter the Danby road.

  “ He’s up to something, Ellis,” re-
marked Texas as the rider disappeared
around a bend.

  “ He’s up to something bad,” she
776

ARGOSY.

whispered. “ I do wish you’d go—and
come back when it's safe for you to be
here.”

  His bronzed face hardened. “ It’s
a pretty howdy-do when a native of old
Missouri can be run off a crick he was
born on, by an out-stater, an’ a prime
scallywag at that.”

SHE placed a slim hand on his arm,
and whispered, “If you’ll go now
—we’ll be married and I’ll go with
you.” Her eyes were pleading.

  He caught her hand. “ You’re a
yard wide an’ all wool, Ellis. But I
can’t take you down into the brush
country, where I’d be just another
brush-popper. I own land here. It’s
my home. I own a lead mine, out in
the briery lot...You never can lose
trouble by runnin’ away from it. I
have one friend besides you, Ellis, who
will stand by me. Jedge Byenck. He
has powerful influence in these parts.”
1‘ Yes, he has much influence in Dan-
by; but anything might happen up here.
You’ll be safer in town. Laughin’
Diggs is my friend. He will be yours.”
Texas smiled whimsically and mur-
mured, “ Crazy.”

  “ He’s queer, but he knows more
than folks reckon. Oh, here’s Mam
Lize”

  The eccentric woman was standing
in her doorway, her white hair stream-
ing down her back. At her side, with
arched back, stood a big black cat. She
called out to the young people, “ Glad
to see you two together. A handsome-
looking couple. But you’re foolish to
come back here, Washington. Bad men
are talking about you in Danby. \ ou
played some trick on them.”

  “ Just what trick do you mean, Mam
Lize?”

  “ You should know better than even
an old witch. But come in.”

  After they had entered Mam Lize
demanded, “ Now, Washington Calm,
you tell me why you’re hanging around
these parts.”

  “ Ellis an’ me will be married. I
shall build a house on the old place an’
work my lead mine.”

  Mam Lize nodded and said, “ I re-
member when your father came back
with his samples of lead-ore.” She
dropped a pinch of tea in a cup and
moistened it with water and threw the
contents into the fireplace. The par-
ticles remaining in the cup interested
her vastly. Even Texas was impressed
by her serious eagerness as she studied
the “ signs.” With a little sigh she
put the cup on a shelf and warned:

  “ Danger. Deadly danger. You can
escape it by riding back to Texas.
But—”

  For half a minute the two waited for
her to complete her warning.

  “But what?” prompted Texas.

  “ You’ll never marry a girl from
Hick’s Run if you go away.”

  “Nonsense, Mam Lize!” protested
Ellis.

  “The signs showr it. If he goes to
Texas it’ll be a weary long time before
he comes back.”

  “ I’m stickin’ here,” growled Texas.
“ Never had any other notion.” He
was very skeptical, although he ap-
preciated the old woman’s solicitude
and sincerity. He said, “Jedge By-
enck won’t stand by and see me rubbed
out. Those bad hombres know he can
make a lot of trouble for them.”

  “ Even he can’t fetch you back after
you’re killed,” warned Mam Lize. She
studied the tea-cup again, and her gaze
grew less somber. “ I believe I can help
you, Washington. You two leave me
now and I’ll set to work.”

  As the young couple walked toward
the Jones cabin, Texas suddenly de-
BAD HOMBRES.

777

cided, “ I must ride to the brier patch
where pap made his strike. I’ll be back
in two hours, about sunset/’ The girl
wished to accompany him, but he in-
sisted, “ I must work fast and be back
here before Whilks can return with a
parcel of friends. I shall want a pick-
ax.”

  “ We have one. But if you're not
here by sundown I shall come looking
for you.”

  “ Don’t. I may swing around *to the
east and return a different wav. Stay
here.”

SECURING the pick-ax, he took
the old trail; but this time he halt-
ed short of the brier patch, and
concealed his mustang in the woods
north of it.

  Much brush had grown up since he
was a small boy here with his father,
and he was hard put to it to visualize
the place where he had seen the bear.
In his man’s eyes, the place had
shrunk; but he located the corner
where his father had found the signs,
close to the surface.

  He cleared away some of the bushes
and brambles, then struck pick to earth.
At the depth of a few feet he struck
native lead sulphid. He noticed that
the bluish-gray luster tarnished after
a brief exposure to light and air.

  Another ten minutes satisfied him he
had struck the lode uncovered by his
father. Scattering cut bushes over the
spot, he hastened to his mustang and
rode east for half a mile. He dis-
mounted to dip up water in the wide
brim of his hat. The mustang whin-
nied, and Texas started to scramble up.

  The impact of cold metal on the
back of his neck turned him to a
statue.

  “ Stick up your paws,” commanded
a low voice.

  He promptly obeyed, and a hand
reached around his waist and secured
his gun. He was next told, “ Now
your teeth are pulled, put your hands
behind you. Sling, got him covered?”
“ Off comes top of his head if he
as much as winks,” came the reply.

  Texas did as he was commanded,
and his hands were instantly caught
in a slip noose and tied fast. Then
Whilks was before him, taunting.

  “You reckoned you was a mighty
smart devil-be-damned sort of a cuss,
eh? How do you like that?” And he
buffeted the tanned face viciously.

  Texas breathed deep, and slowly
said, “ I don’t like it. I’ll prove the
same some day.”

  Sling raced from the bushes and
struck Texas with his fist. Texas
kicked him off his feet with one swing
of his long leg. Getting to his feet,
Sling yelled, “ Let me plug him!”
Whilks intervened and ordered,
“ Keep back, you fool! Can’t you re-
member orders? Help lift him on his
pony. Then up the back way to camp.”
They lifted Texas astride his mus-
tang, and one led the way while the
other rode behind with revolver ready.
They crossed a low ridge and turned
west. Texas quickly got his bearings.
They were taking him to the long
cabin, but by a different route from

  *	w

that followed by him and Ellis Jones.
Jo Sling, in the lead, rode at a gallop,
and that pace was maintained. On ar-
riving at the cabin the prisoner was
roughly hustled inside and thrown to
the floor, so that his ankles could be
tied.

TEXAS looked up at the gloating
Whilks, and reminded him, “ A
thousand to the—”

  “ That bluff won’t work,” roared
Whilks. “ Your boss withdrew the
778

ARGOSY.

money when the herd crossed the
line. . . . What's bulging your pock-
ets ?”

  He thrust in a hand and fished out
the specimens. His eyes glowed with
exultation.

  “ You’ve fetched us a lead mine!” he
softly cried. “ That ’11 pay half of what
you owe us for stealing our money an’
paying it back to get that herd through.
Oh, we know all about that business
now/’

  Texas managed a grin with his
swollen lips, and jeered, “ Clear as a
Christian’s eye, now you’ve swallered
the bait. You're cunning devils.”

  “ Lead mine pays half that debt.
Your life pays t’other half. Where’d
you find the stuff?”

  “ I can’t remember a thing while I’m
thrown an’ hog-tied.”

  Whilks laughed shrilly, almost like
a hysterical woman, as he promised,
“ Oh, your mem’ry will freshen after
we start a blaze an’ warm your feet.”
Sling came through the doorway,
announcing, Some one cornin’ lick-
ety-larrup.”

  Whilks whipped out his two guns
and jumped to the door, ordering,
“ Stand by! It may be strangers!”
Texas heard the sound of several
horses outside. Raising his voice, he
cried, “ Inside here! I’m a prisoner!
Look out for guns!”

  Whilks chuckled and put on a tnaslc.
Sling did likewise. Five men, all
masked, filed into the room. Pointing
to the prisoner, Whilks proudly re-
ported, “ We bagged him, Chief. And
he’s found lead—his ore samples are
on the table.”

  Unlike the others, the leader wore
a long linen duster that came to his
heels, and was tightly buttoned from
chin to below the wraist. Outside of
this he wore his belt and two revolvers,

His slouch hat was too big for his head
and rested on his ears. He stepped
briskly to the table, giving no heed
to the prisoner. All heard the queer
sucking noise he made as he drew a
deep breath between his teeth. He
whispered something to Whilks, who
answered, “ He won’t tell.”

  The leader pointed to the fireplace
and nodded to Sling, who at once
started a blaze. Texas glared up at the
leader and called out, “ Listen, you tall
galoot, you can’t burn nothin’ out ©f
me.”

  The leader appeared not to hear this
defiance. He whispered again, and
Whilks explained, “ He was takin’ a
drink from the crick when we jumped
him. Chief, it should be easy to find
where he found this ore.”

  The leader removed a shutter di-
rectly over Texas’s head and held a
specimen to the light. Exposure to the
air already had dulled the luster, but
there was no mistaking; the lump was
rich in lead. The leader inhaled again
with a soft hissing sound and gripped
the specimen more tightly. Texas ex-
claimed aloud, as he saw the thread of
white, the hair-wide scar on the second
joint of the man’s thumb. Over-
whelmed by rage, he cried, “ You
damn’ murderer! You killed my pap!”
The leader whirled and glared down
at his accuser; then he returned to the
fireplace and said something to Whilks.
The latter announced:

  “ Chief believes this man should be
rubbed out. Any reason why he
shouldn’t be?”

  No one objected. Whilks then asked,
"It can be my job, can’t it? I caught
him.”

  The leader nodded.

  Texas would have expected imme-
diate execution if it had not been for
the man busily heating two iron rods.
BAD HOMBRES.

779

He burst into discordant laughter and
defied, “ ’Pache Injuns couldn’t make
me tell.”

THE leader murmured in Whilks’s
ear, who turned and directed Jo
Sling to cross the valley and look
for signs near where the capture was
effected. Sling galloped furiously
awav. The leader sat, with his back to
^ 7
the prisoner. No one spoke during the
period of waiting. Sling was back al-
most as soon as a fleet horse could go
and return.

  The gang’s caution was extreme,
however. When the thudding hoofs
were heard five men with drawn guns
stepped to the door. One softly an-
nounced, “ Sling’s using his hat for a
basket.”

  Sling swaggered in, his evil face tri-
umphant as he extended his ragged hat
to the leader. The latter examined sev-
eral specimens critically, and then pat-
ted Sling on the shoulder. All the
vicious company knew that the pris-
oner no longer possessed a secret.

  Whilks laughed silently, and told
Texas, “ Hot irons couldn’t burn it out
of you, eh? Well, we have it.”

  The Chief stepped to the fireplace
and pulled out the iron rods. Whilks
eagerly advanced, but was waved
back; and the chief tapped a gun.
Whilks went for a weapon, but the
leader caught his wrist and murmured
briefly. Then he passed into the second
room and closed the door. Two men
brought bacon and eggs and measured
coffee into a big pot.

  Like one in a trance Texas watched
these preparations for a supper to be
genially eaten after he was dead. He
had always believed in his destiny, or
luck: and now his faith was crumbling.
The leader was as remorseless as Fate.

  “You know what? I’m skeered of

that old witch,” suddenly complained
Sling. “ She oughter be rubbed out.”
“ Fine,” said Whilks. “ Go ahead
and do it.”

  “ Ya-ah! An’ have a damn’ spell put
on me.”

  Texas spoke up, saying, “ She made
a powerful medicine and told me just
what was to happen. She told me
where I would find lead. She saw death
for all of you if anv harm came to
me.”

  Whilks gave vent to a volley of
oaths and kicked the prisoner in the
side, and snarled, “Just what would
happen to us if you got away to blab?”
“ I’ll kill you for that kick, Whilks.
I’ll git you just as I’ll git the beast who
murdered my pap.”

  “You’re gettin’ to be too much of
a prophet,” mumbled Whilks. He
reached behind him and picked up a
gun on the table. Sling quickly warned,
“ Boss still in the back room. . . . All
that money stolen—but orders is or-
ders.”

  The door of the adjoining room
opened and the leader appeared. He
was carrying seven packages of the
bogus money. He thrust one in his
duster pocket and gave one to each of
the men. Then he held up an open
hand to Whilks, and departed.

  “ Doesn’t want to be close when I
pull trigger—scared somebody ’11 hear
it and cut him off!” grumbled Whilks.
“ Got to wait five minutes.”

  He fished out his watch and noted
the time. “ If there's any lovin’ mes-
sages to a pretty gal, I’ll be glad to
deliver ’em,” he offered sardonically.

  Texas gave up all hope, and he
turned on his side to face his execu-
tioner. His new line of vision included
the door to the back room. At least, he
was glad that the herd had gone
through. His heart ached as he thought
780

ARGOSY.

of Ellis Jones, waiting. She might
never know what had happened.

  Even while his misery was clogging
his brain he blinked his eyes. He knew
it must be imagination, and yet the
door of the back room seemed to be
slowly opening. None of his captors
noticed what he was seeing. Whilks
was leaning against the wall, close by
the side of the big chimney. Sling, with
two pails, was unbarring the door to
go for wrater. The other four men were
watching the prisoner.

TEXAS switched his gaze when he
heard Whilks close his watch.
The five minutes had ended.
Sling, with the door ajar, turned to
watch the execution. Then the miracu-
lous happened. The door of the ad-
joining room was violently flung wide
open, and streaks of fire and a hail of
lead threw the outlaws into dire con-
fusion.

  Sling dived through the doorway.
The four men in a row pitched for-
ward or slid to the floor. Texas swept
his startled gaze back to the chimney.
He was in time to see a section of the
wall closing, to catch the glint of
Whilks’s gun barrel as the man sud-
denly disappeared through a secret
exit.

  Through the smoke came Laughin’
Diggs, but laughing no more. Behind
him were Bill and two other Texans.
It was Bill who set Texas free and
stuffed a dead man’s guns into his
hands. Diggs was frantically striving
to open the secret door by the chim-
ney. Without pausing to wonder why
a crazy man should suddenly develop
into a gunman in quest of criminals,
Texas came to his benumbed feet. Bill
was at his shoulder, yelling, “ Grab a
hoss! Grab a hoss!”

  He threw himself into his own sad-

dle, and with the reins between his
teeth and guiding the mustang with his
knees, he rounded the end of the build-
ing in time to discover two horsemen
mounting the ridge ahead. The leader
was the man in the linen duster, who
must have turned back to see the
meaning and outcome of this unex-
pected gun battle. The other was un-<
doubtedly Whilks, who was quickly
closing up the gap.

  Texas lifted the mustang to a faster
clip, and Bill fell in behind him, a rod
or so back. Off at one side there was
an interchange of shots, but Texas did
not look around till he reached the
slope at the other side of the valley
over which the two fleeing horsemen
had disappeared. When he glanced
back, it was in time to see Jo Sling
pitch headforemost from his horse.
Diggs, blowing smoke from the gun
that had ended Jo Sling’s mortal ca-»
reer, yelled for them to wait, as he
came after them with the two punchers.
But there was no holding Texas and
Bill, with the last of their vicious
quarry just vanished over the crest of
the ridge.

  When Texas topped the slope, two
shadowy figures were plunging into the?
gloom of the bottom lands. He thun-
dered after them, the mustang running
like a rabbit. On gaining the valley he
gazed sharply toward the east, toward
the briars and the mine. But he saw
no signs of the enemy. Bill, distanced,
was clamorously profane in demand-*
ing that Texas wait for him.

  A vain shot from the south revealed
the route taken by the enemy. Texas
scarcely could believe they would take
the regular road to Danby, but they
seemed to be doing just that. Then
he decided they were banking on their
mounts to carry them to town, where
they might lose themselves among the
BAD HOMBRES.

781

four thousand townspeople. Texas
realized that did they gain the town
they could turn a mob of desperate
men against him. He spoke to the mus-
tang, and the wiry animal seemed to
find fresh speed.

  As Texas passed Mam Lize’s cabin,
he caught a fleeting glimpse of her
standing in her doorway, a tallowr-dip
held high above her head, although the
twilight was yet sufficient for one to
make out moving objects at ordinary
pistol range.

  Now on a level he bent low* and dis-
covered that the two men had sepa-
rated. He could see but one horseman.
He thought he detected motion by the
side of the road, and with the adept-
ness of a Comanche he went over the
mustang and fired under his neck at
the vague figure. Without pausing to
investigate he pressed on. It was two
miles to town, and the men ahead
seemed to be closer. The light was
fading, but the waddie was used to
night-riding. He decided the man’s
horse had gone lame. He was sure of
it when the rider left the road and
whirled about to meet him.

THE man in the duster opened fire
as he sat erect in the saddle.
Texas sat upright, the reins be-
tween his teeth, and fired rapidly as he
galloped to close quarters. The man
rose in his stirrups and brought down
his gun with much deliberation. One
of Texas’s shots creased the town
horse’s head and caused it to rear and
plunge.

  The masked man’s lead went wild;
then he drove the spurs home,only now
he was coming to meet his pursuer. His
purpose was to run down the slighter-
built mustang; but Texas’s intelligent
animal had dodged too many charging
steers to be so easily caught. He

swerved aside, and as Texas fired he
whirled to bring his master up behind
the town horse.

  Bill was very close, but did not dare
to fire for fear of hitting his friend.
Texas’s predicament was much the
same. Then Bill swung low over the
side of his horse, and as the masked
figure turned to shoot, Texas fairly
riddled him with his two guns. Bill
spurred forward and seized the crazed
mount by the nose. Texas dropped
from the saddle and to the side of the
still figure.

  He tore off the mask and screamed
in amazement to find himself gaping
down into the face of Judge Byenck,
The man was dead. Texas seized the
right hand and closed the fingers and
thumb tightly. With his free hand he
lighted a storm-match. There was the
tell-tale thread of white over the sec-
ond joint of the thumb, even as Hoss
Face had seen it. Texas would have
collapsed, had Bill not caught him
under the arms and lifted him to his
feet, all the time begging him to say
where he wras hurt.

  “ I’m not hurt,” Texas faintly re-
plied.

  “You be, you little liar! You tell
me.”

  “ Just stunned by what I’ve found
under that mask. It’s the jedge! He
killed poor pap to git his lead-mine. I
come back here an’ trusted him, just
as pap trusted him. Think what he’s
always been!”

  “ Gorrymighty!” gasped Bill. “ I’d a
heap rather think of him as dead. . . .
Hi, hear that Laughin’ Diggs let the
hoots out of him. The crazy woman,
Mim Lize, fetched Diggs into the
game.

  “ Trail boss sent me an’ two hom-
bres up here to look after you, and he
told us what to do.”
782

ARGOSY.

  Diggs came up at a gallop, cursing
roundly. He had already found Whilks
dead at the roadside where Texas had
shot him; and when he found the man
in the duster was also dead he relaxed
a bit. Yet he complained:

  “ What’s the use being sent here by
the Federal government to round up
counterfeiters and then have you folks
spoil my game and stop me from being
in at the finish ?”

  “ Bill, here come your two Texan
friends. Reckon they must ’a’ heard
the gun-firing,” said Texas.

  “ Prob’ly stopped to pick some purty
flowers,” growled the disgusted wad-
die.

  “ I’ve had my eyes on Byenck for
six months,” Diggs went on. “ But I
never could quite close a case against
him. He was the only one in town to
deal with crooks and the only man with
brains enough to handle them. Fve
trailed him repeatedly, but he always-
got wise he was bein’ followed. Mam
Lize gave me my first tip about that
shebang where they had you tied up,
Texas. She came across it in some of

THE

her wanderings. . . . Hear that! Worn*
en-folks beginning to take a hand.”

  The last was prompted by a shrill
voice of a woman. Bill grinned and
wiped away some blood that trickled
down his freckled face, and added,
“ She’s cheerin’ for Texas ’stead of
Missouri.”

  “ Callin’ my name! Ellis mustn’t see
this.”

  And Texas leaped into the saddle
and raced to meet and turn back Ellis
Jones.

  Bill was quite broken-hearted when
he learned that Texas’s cow-days were
ended, and that he was to remain on
the Run to take a wife and work his
lead mine.

  As the years passed Washington
Calm’s children would look ahead for
the coming of the dyed-in-the-wool
waddie, who always visited the Calm
family and called their daddy “ Tex-
as,” whenever he was heading home
after the long drive north. The rail-
roads crawled farther west, and never
again was there the need of driving a
herd through Missouri.

END.

The Perfume Capital

   ECAUSE of its chief industry, Grasse, a small medieval city in southern
France, is known as the perfume capital of Europe. For from little
Grasse and its surrounding gardens come the flowers which supply perfumes
for nearly the entire world.

    “ The perfumed hussy ” is the way a bishop of the fifteenth century de-
scribed Grasse. Its crop each year is said to yield raw materials valued at
millions of dollars, and its products are shipped to every civilized country
of the world.

    Millions of pounds of orange blossoms, roses, jasmine, violets and other
floral products are raised annually, and the labor of four thousand persons
is required the year round to sow, cultivate, replant, care for and harvest
the vast fields of blooming loveliness, which make this district one of the
garden spots of the earth.	B. F. Giffin.
“ You wantec us kill them?” he asked, as if he
were inquiring if she wanted sugar in her tea

Looters’ Luck

 Tense passions threaten an explosion aboard the Duke’s piratical
 schooner as it heads toward a South Seas pearl treasure

By J. ALLAN DUNN

 Author of *4 Glamour of Gold,” '* Beyond the Law/* etc.

LEADING UP TO THIS INSTALLMENT

THE “ DUKE ”—Monty Allerton,
an English gentleman gone
wrong—and his partner and first
mate, “ Ginger ” Harris, a bully of the
Sydney docks, are stranded in Tahiti,
with their schooner tied up by debts.
But the Duke, hanging about the hotel
looking for a tourist sucker, hears a
girl identify herself as Thelma Far-
leigh.

  The Duke, knowing she must be
coming to visit the hidden pearl lagoon
of her father, goes to the wealthy pearl

This story began in the Argosy for March 8.

783

buyer Wing Lee to make a deal. Wing
clears the Duke’s ship, which is the
only decent craft for charter in Pa-
peete, in exchange for a promise of a
third of the loot; and he safeguards
himself by putting his own Chinese
crew aboard the Duke’s schooner, the
Hihimanu.

  The girl charters the Hihimanu, and
comes aboard with her fiance, young
Fred Barrett. Barrett overhears
enough of a quarrel between the Duke
and Ginger to guess their plan—to bar-
784

ARGOSY.

ter the girl for Farleigh’s pearls. One
day as they near the isle, Ginger,
drunk, grabs the girl. The Duke fights
him. Barrett comes to rescue the girl,
and Ginger gets his automatic and
tosses it overboard. The Duke man-
ages to best Barrett, and locks the un-
conscious man in his cabin, telling Miss
Farleigh she will be safe in hers.

  The Duke and Ginger are close to an
open break over the girl—with the
cook, Ah Fat, and the other Chinese
watching them with bland menace.

CHAPTER V.

farleigh’s pearls.

THEY sighted the island the next
day toward noon. The position
as given by the girl was exact,
and so was the Duke’s navigation.

  It showed first as a dark blue stain
against the sky, a low, turtle-shaped
hump.

  The Duke and Ginger were both on
deck, gazing at it with greedy eyes,
their differences apparently forgotten,
the girl ignored for the time. There
lay fortune, ease, idleness and indul-
gence, as long as the money lasted. For
Ginger it might not be long, but the
Duke did not mean to scatter his too
lavishly. He saw himself back again,
not in England, but on the Continent,
where a man could live well and com-
paratively cheaply.

  Money bred money. With his luck
changed he could enjoy himself as a
gentleman, especially if he had a
double share. He looked furtively at
Ginger whose face was flushed through
the tan with liquor and excitement. A
plan began to formulate. It was just
the sort of scheme that would hatch in
the Duke’s brain. It had elements of
humor in it that appealed to him.

  If Ginger tried to hold the girl, the
Duke would frustrate him. With the
trove practically in sight, the Duke
came to a decision that the pearls were
the thing. Cynically now he regarded
his feelings toward Thelma Farleigh.
They had sprung largely from the fact
that Ginger wanted her; the Duke had
been guilty of being jealous of Ginger!

  A man would be a fool to entangle
himself in such fashion. She was de-
sirable, true, but there were others who
would be far more complacent, far
more to his taste than this girl who
would give nothing. Any victory of
possession would be brief and igno-
minious. And she would ultimately have
to be got rid of. The Duke surveyed
matters calmly. He had no personal
desire to play the hero, and it would
be a false role, inasmuch as he was
robbing Farleigh. He did not expect
or desire gratitude from the girl or
from Farleigh. But it would be a de-
lightfully dramatic touch!

  He would defend the girl and kill
Ginger in her defense. The crew—
Wing’s crew—would see it, testify to
it. It left the Duke with no need for
explanations as to why Ginger was
missing, or why the Duke had fallen
heir to a double share.

  Wing would keep to the letter of his
word. That was a curious trait about
the Chinaman. In the eyes of the world
he might be a rascal, clever and un-
scrupulous; but he would keep face
with himself. His word was his bond.

  The more the Duke thought about it
the better he liked it. There had been
many times when he had measured
Ginger, had looked forward to match-
ing his skill and strength against Gin-
ger’s force. He believed he could win,
but there was always the doubt that
made it interesting. He wondered
whether Ginger had any counter plan.

                      4	A
LOOTERS* LUCK.

785

  They had been partners, sharing
equally, in profitable and unprofitable
ventures; but never with a fortune like
this at stake. Ginger would make
ducks and drakes of his in short order.
And the abduction of the girl would
bring more complications. Ginger
should not have her, nor any of the
money; that was settled.

THE wind was faulty, beginning to
die down in flaws of breeze. Gin-
ger cursed at it. A current set-
ting round the distant land seemed to
hold them back. The sky was cloud-
less. The Duke knew what it was in
these fickle seas to sight land and stay
in sight of it for days.

   “Let's start the engine,” said Ginger.

  “ We’re saving our gas to get back,”
said the Duke. “ We won’t want to
waste any time. I expect to make
things a little difficult for Farleigh to
get clear. Once he does, he’ll get busy.
We want to be well way from Tahiti
by then.”

  Ginger, though muddled to some ex-
tent by gin, saw the wisdom of that.
He looked moodily at the crew Wing
had provided for them and shifted his
curses to that astute Chinaman.

  The Duke smiled to himself. Wing
was clever, but he could be clever, also.
Too clever to try to circumvent Wing,
in any obvious way. After all, Wing
was going to buy the pearls, for cash.
He might sell him only half, Ginger’s
half, and keep his own for better
markets abroad.

  “ We’re in no hurry at this end,” the
Duke said. “ I know you want to get
your fingers on the pearls. So do I.
But I'm looking ahead. There may be
wind at sunset. The barometer stands
for change. We’re not far from the
monsoons this time of year. You should
learn to cultivate patience, Ginger.”

    5	A

  “To hell with patience!” Ginger’s
eyes were bloodshot. He wanted to
finger the pearls and he wanted the
girl. He meant to have her. If the
Duke interfered, so much the worse
for him. There would be a show-down
and he, Ginger, would win. The Duke
thought he was superior, with his
” looking ahead,” but Ginger saw a
vision of the Duke, past using his
brains. Two shares were better than
one. If the girl was the issue of the
final quarrel it would serve as well as
anything.

  With each calculating the other’s
murder, they watched the stain on the
horizon. The quartermaster at the
wheel watched them with a sphinxlike
face as they came aft. Ah Fat watched
them from his galley. Those two
Chinese had their orders, not only for

        9	w

things as programmed, but for con-
tingencies.

  They were on the starboard tack,
barely moving, the Hihimanu heeling
lightly. From her cabin port Thelma
Farleigh saw her father’s island and
built her hopes on him. Her lover had
done what he could against hopeless
odds; she cherished his efforts, but he
could not help her. She recalled her
father’s letters. Of late they had
grown more and more affectionate in
response to hers.

   The grief that had sent him a recluse
to the South Seas, had dulled writh time
and with the growth of his daughter to
womanhood. She did not mean to leave
him. She had not expected to fall in
love aboard the steamer when she
had started to come to visit the island
home he had pictured so vividly, and
then to go on round the world. But
she knew her father would approve of
her choice. The three of them would
be together. She would not let him be
lonely again.
786

ARGOSY.

  She had his letters with her and, in
her imprisonment in her cabin, she took
them out.

  “ I am a rich man, my dear,” Far-
leigh wrote. “ Fortune, which robbed
me of your mother, has tried to recom-
pense me by flinging wealth into my
lap. It is wealth that will help to make
you happy. I have been too selfish in
my grief. You will soon be finding
some one you love. Let that not part
us, even if this seems selfish also.

  “ It is lonely here. I have only na-
tives, stanch and stalwart. They have
worked for me and they will be re-
warded. They wTould protect me, but I
have other plans for that, in case some
one envies me my pearls. Of course
they know, in Tahiti, that I have
found a rich lagoon. Some have tried
to discover where it is, but I have taken
my precautions. What I have, I hold.
That is the motto of my family. Wealth
is not everything; it cannot cure heart-
ache; but you can, and I will try to
make up to you for my neglect.”

  What were the precautions he had
taken? Could they stand up against
these men who held her as hostage?
She did not know which man she
feared the most. She did not know
that the crew had been recruited by
Wing, and it would not have comfort-
ed her much if she had. Some of them
might be friendly to her, but wThat
could they do?

SHE could not communicate with
Barrett because of the alleyway be-
tween their cabins, but Ah Fat
told her that he had been given food.
Now Ah Fat had failed her. She had
tried to bribe him, and through him,
the crew.

  “ My father is a rich man,” she told
him. “ These two men, your captain
and your mate, want to take his pearls

from him or hold me. They may try
to hold me anyway, Ah Fat. If you
will talk to the rest, warn my father,
and see he is not robbed, he will give
all of you plenty.”

  “You wantee us kill them?” asked
Ah Fat, as if he had been asking her if
she wanted sugar in her coffee. For a
moment the girl’s eyes flashed passion-
ately, dimmed as Ah Fat frowned.

  “ No can do that,” he said. “ I lookee
out along of you. Do all can do. But
no can do what you wantee.”

  The Chinese were beyond compre-
hension, she told herself sadly, as Ah
Fat smilingly set down the tray he had
brought her. He meant well to her,
yet he would not help her father. And
she feared that his “ lookee out ”
meant only to see that she was well
treated up to the time of their arrival.

  The wind had died, and they rose
and fell on long heaves of the sea.
Panic came over her and she sought
for a weapon. Nothing better than
small scissors, a file. Again Ginger’s
touch seemed defiling her, she saw
again his evil face. The Duke had pro-
tected her for the time, but it was be-
cause he wanted to show her to her
father unhurt She had wit enough
to see that. But—if they got the
pearls?

  There were six men with her father,
against ten on the schooner, aside from
herself and Barrett. They would take
her father by surprise; they would
hold her as hostage. She fought against
her terror. Finally, before the portrait
of her dead mother and the only one
she had of her father, she prayed.

  The schooner wallowed on the
breathless sea. Fish broke the surface,
pursued by enemies. Birds swooped
through the air to capture them. Na-
ture was cruel; the strong preyed on
the weak.
LOOTERS’ LUCK.

787

  Barrett, bruised and aching, had not
seen the land. His uselessness stung
deep. He knew they were close in and
he cudgeled his brains for some way
to circumvent the pair of scoundrels.
If Farleigh could be warned?

  Even if he could get ashore, it
meant he would have to leave Thelma.
But he could not aid hen He was help-
less; a failure at taking care of the
girl he loved. He would cut a sorry
figure before Farleigh, in her eyes. Her
father robbed—that did not so much
matter; Barrett had means. But he
had shown himself a weakling. He re-
garded himself with infinite, unjust
contempt.

  He, too, had tried to bribe Ah Fat,
though he could only promise money to
be obtained in Tahiti. He had not much
with him beyond a letter of credit. He
had fancied that Ah Fat might be
skeptical of any order on a Papeete
bank; but he could make' nothing of
the cooks smile, as he gave his
formula.

  “ Solly. No can do.”

  His only chance was to get to land
and warn Farleigh; but the port was
far too small to let Barrett through.

HIS only hope was the door, hinged
on the inside. They had his gun,
but they had taken nothing else
—it stung to see how they disregard-
ed him.

  He had a knife in his kitbag that
held a combination of several useful
tools, among them a screwdriver. But
there were difficulties that seemed to
be insuperable. He could swim, few
white men better, many natives not his
equal. But they would have to be fair-
ly well in, for him to get his bearings.
He knew little of the South Seas by
experience, but he had listened to tales
on the ship and in the club at Papeete.

  Coral reels were often half a mile
wide. The seas rolled and broke over
them, foaming above jagged, live coral
that cut and poisoned. A man could
barely hope to get across alive. There
would be entrances; one main one,
which he must locate. And there would
be sharks. It all seemed pretty hope-
less, but he had to do something.

  He hid the knife beneath his mat-
tress.

  Ah Fat brought his noonday meal,
smiling as if there had been no ques-
tion between them of bribery, some-
thing perhaps that Ah Fat’s Oriental
mind would not resent. After the
Chinese left, Barrett took the half-
melted canned butter and greased the
screws with part of it, saving the rest.
The screws might be rusty and they
must not squeak.

  He could do nothing until nightfall.
Then all lay in the laps of the gods.
The Hihimanu rocked on the ground-
swrell, swinging writh the current. He
saw the island, a long way off, and
wondered why they did not start the
engine. That was a stroke of luck,
whatever the reason. It meant they
could not fetch land before nightfall.

  Barrett had yachted, handled sheet
and wrheel. He knew' something of
navigation, and hoped, rather than fig-
ured, that a breeze might come with
sunset. He did not think they would
go in after dark.

  Ah Fat came in with his supper to
find him lying in apparent despondency
in his bunk. Barrett had wiped the
grease from the heads of the screws,
hoping it had sunk in through the
wood.

  He asked about Thelma. Ah Fat
beamed.

  “ Missy all lightee. You not wolly
about missy.”

  He and Thelma had discussed the
788

ARGOSY.

cook’s friendship. Barrett was skepti-
cal as to the depth of it. Ah Fat was
only one of a crew gathered for the
purposes of loot. Yet, he might help
in a pinch.

  The breeze had come. They began
to slip in toward the land. Now they
were on the port tack. He saw the
island looming larger before the swift
night came down after the blaze of
sunset. Luminous ripples laved the
schooner’s sides and the wake glowed
with seafire.

  He worked at the screws. They re-
sponded ; and with his pulses beginning
to hammer, Barrett waited. If they did
not go in, they would hold off and on
as long as the wind was favoring, so
as to be close up at dawn.

  There would be some of the crew on
deck. He would have to wait until the
Duke and Ginger turned in. It was
•probable the quartermaster would have
the wheel which faced the head of
the companion way. If Barrett tried
that exit he would inevitably be seen.

  He had a first-aid kit, supplemented
by drugs he had thought would be use-
ful in the islands. Permanganate of
potash among them. There was
plenty of water in his cabin in the lav-
atory hold-all. He was dark of eyes
and hair.

  There was slight risk of any one’s
coming in. Barrett was ignored, an
unconsidered failure. He supposed
they had made up their minds what to
do with him: set him ashore, if they
delivered the girl; if they meant to
hold her—and he trusted neither of
them—his warning to Farleigh might
prevent it. It was the pearls they were
after, first and last.

  He stripped to the buff, mixed his
permanganate and soon he was a deep
purple, the color of an indelible pencil.
He dyed himself from scalp to waist

and from the soles of his feet to his
calves.

  These warm nights the crew usually
padded about the deck clad only in their
white pantaloons. He had plenty of
those. He dampened a pair and put
them under the mattress to eliminate
the creases, the too well tailored ap-
pearance. It would be only a momen-
tary camouflage he might need, if he
needed it at all, a disguise sufficient to
pass muster by starlight. Two or three
of the crew were tall, as tall as he was.

  The sea ran dark now, save for the
gleam of phosphor from the swarming
noctilucidae that gleamed in the crests.
The island could only be made out as a
mass that shut out a segment of the
starry splendor of the sky. Barrett
walked up and down his room while
the stain dyed, changed to dark
brown.

THE Duke and Ginger held the deck
after their supper.

       “ I’m not going to try and go
in till morning,” said the Duke. “ I
don’t know where the reef-gate is and
I wouldn’t risk it. The tide’s wrong,
anyway.”

  “ They’ll ’ave sighted us,” protested
Ginger. “ ’E knows she’s cornin’.
’E’ll Agger any ship ’eadin’ up for ’is
place is bringin’ ’er. Mabbe ’e’ll send
out a pilot in a small boat.”

  “ Not till the flood starts. If one
did come we’d send him back with
word we’d come in after sunrise. I’m
not going to play this game after
dark.”

  “ ’Ave it your own way,” said Gin-
ger. “ It ’11 ’old over. You goin’ to
talk with the girl, tell ’er ’ow to act?”
“ That won’t take long. She’ll stay
in her cabin to-night. I’m playing this
hand, Ginger, and you’ll jolly well stay
out of it till we’ve got the pearls.”
LOOTERS' LUCK.

789

  The Duke had his gun in its shoul-
der holster. He was making sure of
Ginger. He watched him through the
skylight and saw him start drinking,
disdaining a glass, swigging from the
neck of the squareface bottle. It suit-
ed the Duke. Even Ginger’s great body
could not hold up for ever against so
much raw Hollands. His brain was
already fuddled. The liquor might
foment his lechery, but the Duke was
ready to offset that.

  The sound of breakers came faintly
against the wind. Through his night
glasses he could make out a vague line
of surf against the dark bulk of the
land.

  Suddenly a spark of light showed,
motionless. That should be Farleigh’s
house, lit up, not only for night, but
as a welcome. The reef-gate should
be somewhere not far out of line.

  The Duke held on. He did not mean
to get too close. There might be mush-
room coral, outside reefs, though he
doubted it from the steep lift of the
land. The island was a volcanic atoll,
possibly a long dead crater with its
scars vanquished by tropical growth,
the pearl lagoon covering the bottom
of the pit that had once belched forth
fire.

  These were only speculations. The
Duke was dealing in realities, in sea-
gems shimmering with soft iridescence,
gems that women coveted and men
paid big prices for.

  It was a harvest that Farleigh had
reaped but which the Duke would mar-
ket—two-thirds of it his own. Ginger
was already fated for the discard.

  He made out a gap in the long line
of foam, plainest now at ebb tide. Sat-
isfied, he gave the order to come al5out.
They swung out to sea. Ginger was
asleep with his head on his hairy arms,
down on the table, sodden. The Duke

looked down at him with a grin. He
could do him in easily enough now, if
it was not for the crew. The other way,
a fair fight that would be the climax
of the Duke’s fighting days, was also
far the wiser. He held a shrewd no-
tion that Wing might not stand for
cold-blooded murder, might use it as
a pretext to claim Ginger’s share, or
part of it. He could not, in honor, if
the killing appeared perfectly
legitimate.

  Also, Wing would be very apt to
applaud the Duke’s defense of the girl.
Her abduction would inevitably cause
a row sooner or later. Wing would
steer clear of any entanglements. He
was a partner who might object if the
program was not carried out as
planned and—the Duke gloomily ac-
knowledged it—Wing had the whip-
hand for the time being. They had
nothing on him.

  Wing did not appear, would not ap-
pear in the transaction; but if it went
awry, he might take a hand, still hid-
den, that would spoil their coup. He
was a man it paid to play square with,
until he had bought the pearls and the
Duke was gone.

  The Duke meant to sell the schooner,
and to take steamer to the mainland as
soon as possible, lose himself in the
shuffle of America’s millions. He
would breathe freer then. No one in
Papeete would bother about Ginger,
He could tell a dozen stories to account
for his not coming back. Wing would
say nothing, nor the crew.

  The Duke’s face was sinister as he
turned from the skylight. A few more
hours and he would be sitting pretty*
He gave instructions to the quarter-*
master. Short hitches off shore and on.

  “ I’m going to turn in,” he said.

  He shook Ginger by the shoulder
and roused him enough for the matQ
790

ARGOSY

to curse him for his interference and
fall again into his drunken slumber.

  “Stay there, you damned fool!”
said the Duke. “ I’m going to get some
sleep.”

IT was gratuitous information to
Ginger; but Barrett, close to his
door, welcomed it. He too had seen
the light, vanished now on the newr
tack as they went out to sea. All hung
on the next tack. They wrere reaching
with the wind just abaft the beam. It
would be slightly forward on the re-
turn. They wrould not be close-hauled,
the sheets might not be shifted. They
would pick up their leeway, undoubted-
ly steer for the light. Barrett wTould
wait till then. He wrote a note to slide
under the girl's door if he got a
chance:

    I’m swimming ashore to warn your
  father. Wish me luck. 1 love you, al-
  ways.	Fred.

  She might not be awake, but she
would see it without fail before any
one else. She would sleep lightly this
night, if she slept at all.

  At last they heeled, came about. He
saw the light again, steady, ahead on
the port bow, well off it. The schooner
slogged through the seas. Barrett had
to time things closely, but it was hard
waiting.

  The hinges came off, he slid the door
back slightly, saw Ginger sprawled
over the table, snoring. The Duke's
door was closed.

  Barrett saw Ginger's gun, holstered
in a belt about the pyjamas the mate
wore day and night of late, careless of
how he looked or how he might appear
to the girl. For Ginger, women were
provided for his pleasure, not he for
theirs. A frowzy, disgusting object he
was.

  For a moment Barrett thought of

taking the gun, clubbing Ginger, hold-
ing up the Duke, running the schooner.
He had sense enough to know it was
quixotic, impossible. He could not sub-
jugate the crew. He dared not bank on
Ah Fat's friendliness—he had already
tested it and had encountered its
limits.

  It wras no good to take the gun
along. The sea would rust it, if not
greased, and he had no time for that.
His butter was all gone. He had little
time at all if he was to swim ashore,
and he would need all his skill and
strength to make it. He did not know%
as the Duke did, that the tide was still
ebbing though it would change before
dawn.

  That was not so far off. Nearly one
o'clock by his watch. He had left it in
the cabin where he had closed the door
as well as he could. That closed door
might pass muster until some one
called him, or Ah Fat brought him
breakfast. Before then, the crisis
would be over. Farleigh would be
warned, or else Barrett wrould be turn'
bling in the surf or would have become
a shark's meal.

  He thrust that last thought aside.
With his stained skin he would have
a better chance, he thought, from what
they said about sharks. But even if he
discarded his pants his middle would
show white. No time to change that
now.

  Farleigh would surely have arms.
He could not tote that gun. The loss
of it might give him awray too soon.
Ginger might come out of that ster-
torous slumber.

  He slipped the note under Thelma's
door. No light showed. Then he got on
the transom cushions beneath the part-
ly open skylight, pulled himself up,
wriggled through, and lay close against
the coaming. He had not been seen.
LOOTERS' LUCK.

791

The watch was forward, crooning
chants.

HE rolled to the rail, crept for-
ward, the mainsail hiding him
from the wheel. They were close
in. He climbed up by the forward davit
that held the port whaleboat, hung to
it, overside, and, with a little shiver
that was quite explicable, dropped into
the sea. He went down deep, to come
up in the schooner’s wake, praying that
no one would look that way.

  Almost instantly he heard the
quartermaster cry out. They were only
tacking, but he had dived, swimming
under wrater. When he came up he saw
the Hihimanu had gone about. They
held on seaward and he struck out for
the reef-gate and the light still burning
ashore.

  He swam in a strong crawl, his legs
churning, and found he was making
slight progress. Tide, or current, or
both, must be against him. He changed
to a slow, strong breast stroke, his eyes
fixed on the light. Here and there he
saw gleams of breaking phosphor, and
he goosefleshed, with the normal man's
dread of ranging sharks. Nothing came
near him. The gleams were made by
night-hunting porpoises or dolphin, he
told himself, bucking the water that
held him back.

  He began to tire, but could not risk
turning on his back for rest, lest he lose
too much ground. The schooner would
be coming back. If they sighted hifn
they would rouse the Duke. He held no
illusions of mercy. They would riddle
him. His arms were getting heavy.

  He changed to a side stroke and
found himself forging ahead. The sea
110 longer bore against him. The tide
had weakened. It was the slack' be-
tween ebb and flood. Heartened, he
kept on, scissoring steadily, his legs

still strong. He fancied the rollers were
helping him. The surf was close. He
could hear the furious roar of it and he
trod water, waist high.

  There was the light, like a beacon.
Now he saw the gap in the white
water.

  “ Sharks come in with the flood to
the lagoons behind the barrier reef."
Some one had told him that. The
thought of the grisly sea brutes with
their cold, rasping hide and their tri-
angular teeth in bristling rows within
enormous maws, persisted. He was
opposite the opening when he. saw the
first sickle fin, cleaving the waves. He
had long since kicked off his soggy
pants and was swimming stark-naked.

  A fin swerved toward him and van-
ished. He goosefleshed as he thought
of the snap of jaws, the drag down.
He put all that he had left into a spurt
that carried him between spouting
fountains of foam, livid here and there
with the seafire. He was in the passage.
Once his feet struck bottom between
two rollers and he thought he was
seized.

  But the tale he had been told was
true. The reef-gate was still too shal-
low for the liking of the sharks. They
might not have seen him; and he was
inside, in smooth water, striking out
with a trail of greenish light at every
movement.

  He put down his feet, twice; the
second time he felt sand, and waded
out, tired but victorious. He had
fought a good fight. He made out
a wharf, with a schooner moored be-
side it. The light was still shining as
he came out of the water, his knees
more than a little weak.

  The beach curved in a long crescent.
The house with a light was on a low
bluff. At the foot of this grew dense
hala and shore-scrub. There were trail-
792

ARGOSY.

ing vines in the sand. He made for the
head of the wharf and found a trail.
It became a pebbled path between or-
derly shrubbery. The heavy scent of
flowers was in the air.

  “ What you do along this place?”

  A man, naked save for a loin cloth,
had stepped out of the shrubs, rifle in
hand, its muzzle presented to Barrett’s
unstained middle. He must have looked
like a piebald puzzle to the native. But
he had won through. His voice was
confident as he answered.

  “ I want to see Farleigh.”

  An idiot could see he was unarmed,
defenseless, but the man hesitated.

  “ What for you want to see Farali?”
“Don't be an ass!” Barrett’s tem-
per flared. “ I’ve swum off from the
schooner to see him. Take me to him.”
His decisive voice held mastery. Aft-
er all, this was a white man, back and
belly. A white man’s voice, authori-
tative.

  “ You go ahead along path,” said
the native. “ I come along, too.”

THERE was no doubt of that. Bar-
rett knew the rifle was pointing
at his spine, only a few inches
from it. In this fashion, nude as the
day he was born, he was ushered on to
a veranda where another kilted native
stopped on sentry-go to confront them.

  The door opened with a flood of
light that revealed Barrett. A white
man in pyjamas and dressing gown
stood there, erect though white-haired.
Barrett saw his profile for a moment—
hawk-nosed, firm of chin, high of
brow.

  “ I’m Barrett,” he said, conscious of
the fact that his name meant nothing.
“ Fm your daughter’s fiance. She's
aboard that schooner. They’re after
your pearls. Mean to hold her until
they get them. Locked us both up after

a fight I had with one of them they call
the Duke.”

  “ That will be enough to start with,”
said Farleigh. “ Come inside, Barrett.
My girl’s fiance? The Duke? I want
to know all about this. And vou need

                                             J

some clothes and a drink. You’re a
bit fantastic as you are. Come in.”

  It was a big room, the floor covered
with matting, the furniture of bamboo,
Chinese make, native tapa on the walls,
trophies of native weapons. Now Bar-
rett saw Farleigh plainly, felt the cool
assurance of him. The news had not
staggered him. There was even a hu-
morous glint in his eyes.

  “ I thought she was aboard,” the
father said. “ It was too close to dark
to be sure of the schooner. So it was
the Hihimanu? Take a slug of Scotch,
Barrett. You'll need a shower. My
clothes will fit you pretty well. Then
we’ll talk about the reception of our
distinguished visitors. Thelma has ac-
cepted you? You’ve got pluck, to swim
ashore; and you must have used
brains.”

  Barrett took the drink. It warmed
him.

  “ There are eight of them in the
crew, besides the Duke and Ginger.”

  “ Ah! They’ll come in on the flood
with the sunrise. I have only four
men here. I sent the rest away last
month. . .Don't think I fail to appreci-
ate what you have done. But I am not
unprepared for unwelcome visitors.
They want to trade Thelma for the
pearls. Well, she is worth them.”
Barrett hardly knew what to make
of him. But he took the shower,
stinging cold water from mountain
sources piped to the house, dressed and
returned. Farleigh was seated, smok-
ing a cheroot.

  “ Try one,” he said. “ We can't do
much before morning. I was not
LOOTERS' LUCK.

793

sleepy, waiting for my girl. The Duke
and Ginger; a precious pair!”

  Barrett told him all that had hap-
pened. Farleigh smoked through the
recital.

  “ Six of us, all told/’ He said at last.
“ And Ginger, if not the Duke, has
ideas that are not surprising, from that
source. Well, thanks to you, that part
of their program will not be put on.”
“ Not if you'll give me a gun.”
“From what I remember of the
Duke and Ginger, they are pretty
handy with guns themselves. The Duke
plays a good game of cards. He’ll not
throw away a trick.”

  “They deserve killing, sir! They
are just a pair of pirates!” said Barrett
hotly.

  “ No doubt. Take another drink.
We’ll have something to eat before
they come. But, there are better things
than killing, even for pirates. I think
they will have to be satisfied writh the

     r

pearls.”

  “ You’re not going to let them have
them ?”

  “ I might.” Farleigh tapped off a
long length of ash. “ Thelma comes
first.”

  “ Of course. But you’re not going
to let those twTo unspeakable rascals
get away with your pearls. I—I've
got plenty of money, Mr. Farleigh,
enough for all of us; but—”

  “ Ten to six,” said Farleigh. “ The
odds are against us. I have what they
want. They hold Thelma. Do you
know anything about jujutsu?"
“Japanese wrestling tricks?”

  “ More than that. It is the principle
of allowing your adversary’s strength
to become his weakness. Do you want
to lie down?”

  “ No, sir.”

  Farleigh smiled.

•	“ Then we’ll sit up together. I do

my own cooking. How' about some
scrambled eggs, fresh ones, a strip or
two of bacon, and some coffee?”

  “ Aren’t you going to make some
preparations?”

  “ I have already made them, Barrett.
They are not visible. Howrever, I think
they will suffice. But we’ll play the
game when the cards are on the table—
or the pearls. Let’s go into the kitchen.
You must be hungry after your swim.”
Barrett followed his host. He still
felt the magnetism of the other’s con-
fidence, but he could not understand
his methods. True, there had been
sentries; but the Duke would hold
Thelma aboard. He would land
armed.

  Barrett, in a daze, watched Farleigh
breaking eggs precisely. If F'arleigh
loved his daughter, as he loved Thelma
as his sweetheart, how could he be- so
calm?

  “Ever play bridge, Barrett?”

•	“Yes.”

  “ Cardinal rule, to lead through
strength—and don’t overlook your fi-
nesses. There, the eggs are done.
Toast, and coffee. Warmed over, but
the grounds are out. Let’s eat.”

  Still puzzled, worried, Barrett sat
down to the meal. He had retrieved
himself, in a measure, he felt. But
Farleigh w^as beyond his comprehen-
sion.

CHAPTER VI.

the luck holds.

FARLEIGH and Barrett saw the
boat putting off from the schoon-
er. The Hihimanu had come in
on the flood and anchored wrell out in
the lagoon. There w7ere six men in
the boat—four of the crew, and both
the Duke and Ginger.
794

ARGOSY.

  That had been settled automatically.
The Duke did not want to leave Gin-
ger aboard with the girl and Ginger
did not mean to take any chances of
the Duke handling the pearls alone.
Barrett's absence had not been discov-
ered. The Chinese quartermaster was
one of the boat’s crew, all of whom
were armed with rifles from the rack.
The Duke steered. He was in high
fettle. His monocle shone brightly.
He meant to put through the thing
handsomely.

  Farleigh advised Barrett to keep out
of sight. “ Here is a gun, but don't
use it, except in extremity. I am trust-
ing to finesse in the main. If they
haven't missed you, your absence from
the preliminaries may make matters go
more smoothly. They have left Thelma
on board, but they are both coming.
There may be honor among thieves.
There may also be white blackbirds,
but I never saw one.”

  The whaleboat made for the wharf.
Farleigh strolled down to meet it.
None of his men was in sight. Bar-
rett, like a hound on leash when the
hunt starts, remained in Farleigh's bed-
room, off the main, living room.

  One Chinese stayed with the boat.
The others, including the quartermas-
ter, came up with Farleigh to the porch.
The Duke told the three to stay outside,
but they followed in, quietly.

  “I think mo’ betteh,” said the quar-
termaster as the Duke whirled on them.
He showed a square of paper in his
hand, with the seal of Wing Lee upon
it. The Duke scowled. There was a
faint suggestion of the snail track on
his spine. The Chinese meant to see
the pearls delivered; but he would fool
them as to the number. He wasn't
going to stand much more of this, he
told himself, but he realized that Wing
was very much in the game.

  For a moment he seemed to see the
wise, unblinking eyes behind the big
lenses, the hooked nose and thin, down-
curving lips.

  u There are Chinese everywhere ” he
seemed to hear Wing's warning.

  Ginger, with bloodshot eyes and
splitting head that his last drinks that
morning had not allayed, stood with
legs wide apart, looking round the
room.

  “ I had hoped you were bringing me
my daughter,” said Farleigh pleasant-
ly. “ I think I have seen you both be-
fore, or heard of you. To what am I
indebted for this visit?”

  “ That is easily said,” replied the
Duke. “ Perhaps we came too early.
I do not see any of your men about.”
“ The lagoon is cleared,” said Far-
leigh. “ I had the best of the shell put
on board my schooner on the trip that
took my divers back. I have enough
for a crew, for present purposes. Four
of them.”

  He was giving the show away, Bar-
rett thought in his seclusion. Was he
tamely going to give up the pearls be-
cause of his fear for his daughter's
welfare? If so, the swim had been for
nothing.

  ” Your daughter is very charming,”'
said the Duke; and for a moment Far-
leigh's gray eyes flashed. “ You must
long to see her.”

  “I do.” Farleigh offered no chairs.
The three of the crew ranged them-
selves by the door, missing nothing,
silent but watchful

  “ As a matter of fact,” said the Duke
easily, “ she came with us. She will
come ashore presently—I hope—after
Ave have talked business.” He kept his
eyes on Ginger, growling in his beard.
“What do you mean?”

  “ A beautiful girl is a pearl beyond
price. Worth many pearls. You have
LOOTERS’ LUCK.

795

them. We have your daughter. I did
not bring all my crew ashore. They
are extremely efficient, in many ways.
There you jolly well have it in a nut-
shell, Farleigh. An even trade.”
Farleigh groaned and seemed to sag
into the chair beside him.

  “ Do you realize that these pearls
represent my fortune, that I have been
gathering them for ten years? They
belong to my daughter. Are you hu-
man ? Men, you can’t mean to do this!”
“To skim the cream? Precisely,"
said the Duke.

  “ Why—what assurance have I that
my daughter is even aboard ? Or that
you will bring her ashore safely?”

THE Duke handed over a note
which Farleigh fumbled as he
read.

  “ This is her writing. She says she
is unharmed. Send for her.”

  Ginger broke in. He felt that he
had made a mistake in coming, that the
Duke had outwitted him. He had been
a damned fool to drink so much last
night, he told himself.

  “ Show us the pearls. All of ’em.
They may not be enough.”

   “ They are all I have,” said Farleigh.
“ I call no names, but this is piracy.”
The Duke smiled and polished his
eyeglass on a silk handkerchief. He
held his hand close to where the gun
nestled, a hook of his immaculate tunic
open. First the pearls. Then, if Gin-
ger got nasty—

   “ Call it what you jolly well like,” he
said. “ Let’s see the pearls, Farleigh.”
Once the pearls were in their pos-
session—and the Duke did not see what
was to prevent that—Ginger would
make his move. The Duke knew his
partner. He could see signs of his
breaking loose. It was a funny situa-
tion. The Duke would appear to be

playing fair, aside from the piratical
deal itself. An interesting role. And
good-by, Ginger!

  Farleigh rose and went to a cabinet
of hardwood. He opened its doors
and disclosed steel ones. There was a
safe back of the wrooden lining.

   “ There are enough here for all,” he
said. “If you will take half—even two-
thirds?”

  “ Chuck it,” blurted Ginger. “ It’s
the whole ’og or nothin’.”

  He looked like a hog himself, with
his piggish eyes, his snout of a nose
and his mouth working greedily. Bar-
rett had his door slightly open. He
stood beyond the angle of its casing,
his gun trained on the mate.

  Farleigh spun the combination,
opened inner doors again, took out
shallow drawers that were lined with
velvet, their contents hidden by sheets
of jeweler’s cotton. He set them on the
table. Ginger and the Duke stepped
forward eagerly. The three Chinese
stayed where they were, vigilant.

  Ginger grunted and the Duke caught
his breath as the first sheet of soft wad-
ding was lifted. The drawer was filled
with pearls. They ranged in size, but
they were selected, perfect. The big-
gest was close to eight grains and it
had its twin.

   The color varied. Most were silvers,
some roseate, two pear-shaped ones
steely black. The sunlight caught their
radiance, heightened it. A fortune in
one drawer.

  There were six drawers in all. The
Duke did not offer to displace the
pearls.

  “ Seems a shame to disturb them,”
he said. “ Suppose you have these
wrapped up.”

  “What’s in the sack?” asked Gin-
ger, looking at the lower compartment
of the safe.
796

ARGOSY.

  “ Baroques. You don’t want them.
They have little value.”

  “ We take the blarsted lot,” said the
mate roughly. “ Trot 'em out.”

  Farleigh set the bag on the table. He
straightened up. His shoulders were
squared, his voice icy.

  “You have emptied the safe,” he
said. “ Now send for Thelma and take
the pearls.”

  “ We'll take the pearls all right,”-
said Ginger with an ugly grin. “ An*
we may—”

  Barrett’s finger began to squeeze
the trigger. The Duke’s hand slid in-
side his tunic. Ginger's big paw was
on the butt of his gun. Farleigh
seemed the least concerned, but he was
alert.

  It was the quartermaster who spoke
and broke the tension.

  “ I think she come along now,” the
Chinese said.

  Ginger swung to the window with
an oath. The Duke lost his poise, A
boat was coming from the schooner,
with the rest of the crew rowing. The
girl sat in the stern.

  “ Damn you,” snarled Ginger,
u you double crossed me!” His gun
swung out and up, but the Duke’s
weapon covered him.

  “ You’re making a blithering ass of
yourself,” he said coldly. And again
the quartermaster spoke, mouthpiece of

Wing Lee.

  “ No double cross, I think,” he said.
“ Maybe Ah Fat speak along of you,
liT while.”

  “I'll cut his heart out!” Ginger
mouthed like a maddened dog. Sud-
denly, his face scarlet, he cried: “ Bar-
rett ain’t with 'em. ’E loves your girl,
Farleigh, an’ she loves ’im. This ain’t
played out—”

  “ You’re half crazy with gin and
your own heat,” snapped the Duke.

“ The girl stays here. There may be
some disagreement about your daugh-
ter, Farleigh, but you'll find no dissen-
sion among us when it comes to thes
pearls. We're all out for them. Drop
that gun, Ginger, or I'll drop you.”

THERE was that in his tone that
got through to Ginger's senses—
an exultation and an eagerness.
He knew that the Duke would do what
he said. Ginger was not too muddled
to guess at the reason. His share of
the pearls—and a good excuse. He still
held his weapon, though the muzzle
was lowered. The quartermaster took
a step forward. The back of one hand
chopped at the side of Ginger’s wrist.
The fingers of the other snatched away
the gun.

  “ Mo’ betteh, I think/’ said the
Chinese.

  “ You're mistaken about Barrett,”
said Farleigh. “ He's not aboard. I ad-
mit I deceived you slightly. I was not
unprepared for your arrival or your
news. Come in, Barrett.”

  The Duke dropped his monocle as
he stared at Barrett’s darkened face*
Ginger’s jaw sagged.

  “ I'll be damned!” said the Duke
softly. “ I underestimated you, my lad.
Though you put up a good fight, at
that. How about the pearls, Farleigh?
There are ten of us.”

  “ Nine, since you disarmed your
friend, Ginger. But you'd give him his
gun again, I suppose, the first chance,

. . . I don’t want bloodshed. I appre-
ciate your odds. All I want is my girl/1
The boat had landed. The cook, Ah’
Fat, and the others formed a sort of
escort about her. The man left at the
first boat left it and joined them. The
Duke cursed softly. He had lost his
coup with Ginger, for the time. Lost
that trick anyway. It was the attitude
LOOTERS' LUCK.

797

of the crew that bothered him. They
would unite with him and Ginger for
the pearls, but Wing had spoken about
the girl. And they were all armed, with
his own weapons. Still, the quarter-
master would testify that the Duke had
been on the side of the girl. It might
help, later.

  She came in through the door. Bar-
rett came swiftly to her, put one arm
about her. He still held his gun. He
could not believe that Farleigh would
give up the pearls. He must have sta-
tioned his four men somewhere. Of
course the odds wrere against them. But
he held Thelma until she ran into her
father's arms.

  “ Quite safe, my dear?” Farleigh
asked quicklv.

   “ Quite.” '

  “ Then, you men take your loot and
get back to your schooner. I’ve got my
daughter. You can take the pearls."

  “ Try and stop us,” jeered Ginger.
He tore a tap a cloth from the w'all and
wrapped up the drawers. The quarter-
master picked up the sack of baroques.
They filed out, down to their boats,
Ginger leading. He was still fuming,
but those precious drawers soothed
him a little. Once he turned on Ah Fat.

  “ I'll settle with you when we get
aboard, you yeller sneak/’ he said.

  “ I follow instluction,” said Ah Fat,
quite placidly. “ Wing Lee say no
makee bobbely about gal. Too much
tlouble bimeby, vely like.”

  “ He's dead right,” said the Duke.
“ I saw that long ago.”

  “You’re a bloomin’ liar!” retorted
Ginger. “ You wanted her.”

  “ We’ll take that up later, when
you’re sober—if you ever are,” replied
the Duke serenely. “ I’m right about
the girl; you’ll see that. We’ve got the
pearls. There’s one more job; two. I'll
tackle one. You can do the other.”

  “ What do you mean ?”

  “ We’re not quite in the clear.
We’re faster than that schooner of
Farleigh’s. Rut I’m going to take the
rudder off the pintles and smash it,
while you fix his engine. I see there’s
a propeller.”

  In spite of his mood Ginger grinned.
The Duke overlooked little.

   “ I’ll fix it proper,” he said.

  It did not take them long. Farleigh
watched from the porch. The girl and
Barrett had gone inside. Ginger tossed
some metal objects into the deep water
of the lagoon, far apart, beyond diving
for. Then the two boats rowed for
the schooner. It was still flooding and
they did not hoist anchor.

ARLEIGH went inside.

  “ They’ve cleaned you out,”
said Barrett.

  “You never can tell when a finesse
goes over,” said Farleigh. “ Nor how
a game will end. I said I did not ap-
prove of shedding blood, but if
Thelma had not come ashore, or if
they had refused to send for her, I
would have picked off every one of
them before they were fifty yards from
shore, or could get to land again. I have
a sporting rifle and I have practiced a
good deal. . . . My men had four of
them covered all the time,” he added.
He showed round holes bored in the
wall amid the trophies of weapons, un-
noticeable until pointed out.

  “ As for the pearls, they were cast
before swine, my boy. I trust the swine
appreciate their value properly; but I
doubt it. I see your things came ashore,
Thelma. Not yours, Barrett.”

  “ They don't amount to much, sir.
The sooner they leave, the better. I'm
thankful I've got money of my owrn.
The one thing, after all, is Thelma.
But I hate to see them get away with
798

ARGOSY.

it. And they've broken up your
schooner.”

  “ It won't take long to make another
rudder and ship it. I’ve got extra parts
for the engine; I doubt if they've
smashed it. You know, I rather ex-
pected something of this sort, though
I didn't figure on the Duke and his lout
of a partner. There's bad blood be-
tween them. I shouldn't wonder but
that they fell out over those pearls.
Now, Thelma, tell me all about it”
At noon the lagoon was empty. The
Hihimanu was under power and sail.
Soon she was hull down, making north-
east. Then she was gone.

  “ I've got a few things to show you,”
said Farleigh. “ But first we'll see what
damage they did to the schooner.”

ON board the Hihimanu, Ginger,
began to listen to reason as the
Duke expounded the wisdom of
Wing Lee.

  “ The disappearance of a girl would
kick up a row that wouldn't end eas-
ily,” lie pointed out. 4‘ Too much ‘ bob-
bely,' as Ah Fat said.”

  “ I'd like to slit his throat.”

  “ The rest might have something to
say about it. You'll notice they haven't
turned in their rifles. I'm not going to
ask them, either. We’ll trail with the
hounds for a bit. But Wing was right
about the girl. You'd have tired of her
and then what? Better to sell pearls to
make a string for a vvomairs neck than
put a rope around your own. You can
get plenty of women. Show them a
pearl, or the price of one, and they'll
come running. Let's have a drink.”
The pantry boy brought a bottle and
glasses. The Duke held up his tot.

  “ Here’s to our luck,” he said. “ It's
changed, Ginger.”

  “ You'd 'ave shot me back there,”
said Ginger. “ I ain't forgot that.”

  “ You drew on me, Ginger. You
said I'd double crossed you.”

  Half mollified, the big mate clinked
glasses. But he was fairly sober. He
mulled over the situation and seemed
reconciled.

  Fifteen minutes later they were
gloating over the gems.

  “ 'Ow much do vou think is there?”
asked Ginger.

  “ It's hard to tell. A quarter of a
million, anyway.”

  “ A quarter of a million! You want
to take your 'alf?”

  “ There's no sense m that. Wing*
will want to handle the split.”

  “ Blarst ’is yeller 'ide! Wot about
’oldin’ out a few ?”

  *' I've thought of that,” said the
Duke. “ They saw the drawers were
fairly full, though.”

  “ The crew, the three of ’em who
crowded in? They didn’t count 'em.
Let’s take a few from each drawer.
We’ll 'old them ourselves. An' we'll
put the big lot in the safe. We've each
got a key to the inside lock. There's a
third one at Steve Benoit's joint. We'll
put the drawers in the ship's safe an’
chuck both our keys overboard.”

  The Duke considered the proposi-
tion.

  “ Not trusting me, wrhat?”

I wouldn't trust myself with that

lot.”

  “ You’re a foxy lad, Ginger. But
we’ll do that. Get out of here, and stay
out,” he said to the hovering pantry
boy. He pulled the curtains over the
skylight after he closed it. Soon a
small, gleaming heap was in front of
each of them.

  They put these in small sacks of
chamois, with long strings, slung them
about their necks. The rest they put
in the safe. The Duke tied both their
keys together after the doors were
LOOTERS' LUCK.

799

closed. Then he summoned Ah Fat,
gave him the keys.

  “ Throw these overboard, right
away,” he said. Ah Fat showed no
surprise, but vanished with a “ can do.”

  The Duke changed the combination,
Ginger watching him. Then they
shook hands, not in friendship but with
a measure of mutual respect that was
rare between them. More, perhaps, on
the Duke’s side than on Ginger’s. He
had to accept the situation. He could
devise other means of getting most of
Ginger’s share later on; then he would
get rid of him. He knew Ginger would
be on his guard, for the time, until he
began to handle his money.

  For his part, Ginger had not forgot-
ten the eager gleam in the Duke’s eyes
when he held the gun.

                                       *

THEY slept well and easily that
night. The gems they had held
out from Wing Lee might ap-
proximate fifty thousand dollars, but
there was at least four times that sum
in the safe, only to be got at with the
third key that was held by Steve Benoit
in case of emergency. This was a
gage of safety between them. Even
then each slept with gun handy.

  Ginger had seen the Duke’s naked,
murderous soul shine in his eyes. The
Duke knew it. For the time the locked-
up gems protected them from each
other. They might smile and jest and
drink with each other until Wing paid
the money but, even now, their partner-
ship was dissolved.

  But when Ginger, in the morning-
light, drewT out his bag to look once
more at the gems that Wing Lee was
not to know of, he found a square of
heavy rice-paper in the sack. On it
was the seal of Wing. At the same
moment the Duke, with a frown, was
regarding a similar totem.

  The pearls could not be replaced in
the drawers. Wing would know they
had tried to cheat. He might have ex-
pected them to. His word was his
bond. He would probably not consid-
er theirs in that light, he might be tol-
erant—but this had been a misplay. It
meant complications.

   The Duke set his wits to work to off-
set the slip. By the time he went on
deck he fancied he had reached a solu-
tion. It was not too sound, but it
might pass muster.

  They made good time. The trade
wind sped them on before it. If it
lessened, the engine drove them along.
Ginger seemed to forget the girl. He
still drank and the Duke encouraged
him. On the surface they were com-
rades. They had the loot. Their luck .
had changed and it still held. On the
fourth day they had sighted a mass of
something floating on the waves. It
was not the dead carcass of a fish, for
no birds were near it; nor was it an
overturned boat. They headed for it.

  “ When the luck’s in!” cried the
Duke exultantly. “ Ambergris, Gin-
ger, and Wing’s not in on this!”

  They hauled the waxy mass aboard,
mottled like marble in yellow and
black, greasy, with the beaks of giant
squid embedded in it. It weighed close
to two hundred pounds. It was not
much, valuable as it was as a base for
perfumes, compared to the pearls, but
it was unexpected trove.

 CHAPTER VII.

 THE WORD OF WING LEE.

THE Duke and Ginger stood once
more in Wing’s big room. This
time there were four attendants.
The drawers of pearls were on the teak-
wood table, so was the bag of baroques.
800

ARGOSY.

irregular pearls, lumpish, variant in
color, useful only as sets in pins or
brooches.

  “ This is all?” asked Wing.

  “ Not quite,” said the Duke, as Gin-
ger, slower-witted, stared. “ We sepa-
rated some of the best and kept them
in leather bags next to our skins to
be sure of their luster. Naturally, we
could not do it with all of them.”

  It was the process often used to re-
store dull pearls, or to maintain the
gentle fire of others. Ginger, remem-
bering the sealed square of paper, gave
a little grunt. The Duke was clever.

  Wing lifted the sheets of wadding
from each drawer. He used a pair
of pliable forceps, their ends padded,
picked up two or three gems from each
drawer, scrutinizing them through his
glasses; returned them. He poured the
baroques into the pan of a pair of
scales and weighed them. Then he
sat back, clapped his hands and sat with
the tips of his nail cases touching, im-
passive.

  The secretary came in, left and re-
turned with a tray stacked with double-
eagles. Gold was Wing’s touchstone.

  Ginger licked his lips. The Duke’s
eyes gleamed.

  4< The baroques are worth twro hun-
dred dollars," said Wing Lee and piled
up ten of the coins. “ As for the amber-

  ■ „ a

gns—

  “ That's got nothing to do with our
bargain,” said the Duke. “ You can
leave that out of the reckoning.”

  <f I think not. I may suffer a slight
loss, but the ambergris will about rec-
ompense me for what I advanced you.”

  His voice was cold as dripping water
from a glacier. While they gazed,
puzzled, he put out another stack of
ten twenties beside the first. Then a
single coin l>eside them.

  “ You may have heard the story of a

fanner who left twenty sheep between
three sons,’* lie said. “ They did not
want to kill a sheep. They bought one
from a neighbor and divided the cost
between them, each then taking seven
sheep. I am more generous. I donate
the odd coin. So.”

  He split the coins into three parts,
seven in each, replaced one stack in the
tray and motioned to his secretary who
carried it out.

  “ My word is my bond,” said Wing
complacently. “ Take your money.”
They both spoke together, angrily.
Wing regarded them with his wise eyes
set between the hooded lids.

  “ I credited Farleigh with wisdom,
he said. ” He also possesses imagina-
tion. I thought he would have been
ready at any time for a raid on his
island. There are always leaks. But
the two of you are fools, blinded by
greed. No doubt he cozened you nice-
ly with the proper talk and play. If
you are not satisfied, you may give me
back the gold and take the drawers and
their contents, and the^baroques. I pay
only their value because I said I would
do so. Strictly within the wording of
that bond, I am absolved from even do-
ing this.”

  The Duke's monocle dropped. He
had a glimmering of the truth. Gin-
ger’s slow' brain responded only to
wrath.

  ” Tryin’ to chisel us, are you? You
veller snake, vou don't get awav with

it!”

 IF you try to draw that gun you are
a dead man,” said Wing. “ I see
your partner has more restraint.”
The four attendants had closed in,
their hands were withdrawn from their
sleeves, holding automatics. Others
appeared as if by magic through the
paneled walls.

                      5 A
LOOTERS’ LUCK.

801

  “ Blind fools, who have poached real
pearls a score of times! Farleigh knew
the psychology of your type. Your
eyes were sealed. It did not occur to
you that Farleigh had prepared these
drawers and set them in the safe, bait
that you swallowed. They are imita-
tions. Good ones, glass containers
skillfully lined with the iridescent scales
of small fish. In your country, Aller-
ton, they call them ‘ bleak/ I mean no
play on the word. They are of little
value to me. Still, I might use them,
and the baroques, for what I have paid
you.”

  The secretary glided in, placed a
paper with two rows of ideographs up-
on it before Wing. They glimpsed the
radio operator at his set. Wing read
the paper impassively.

  “ Take the imitations or the money,”
he said. “ It is immaterial to me. The
audience is at an end. I have received
important news.”

  He spoke like a high mandarin dis-
missing pleaders.

  “ You mean to say these are all
fakes?” asked the Duke.

  “ No doubt of it,” said Wing wear-
ily. He took up a slightly curving
blade with a carved ivory handle. It
might have been a dagger or paper-
cutter. With it, taking one of the
larger pearls, he bore down and the
imitation gem broke, flattened to pow-
dered glass lined with the tiny scales
of “ bleak.”

  “ Those you still have, in the bags
about your necks you may hold,” he
said, u as mementos. Go.”

  They looked at each other, filled
with rage and hate. They hesitated,
reached for the little stacks of gold.
The door was opened for them and
they went out into the bright morning.
Before they reached the gate they were
quarreling.

   *	A

  Inside, Wing s room cleared and he
was left alone with the imitations Far-
leigh had bought for fools to steal, and
the bag of baroques. The mass of am-
bergris had already been brought to
him.

  He sat there reading the message his
secretary had brought. No radiograms
came to Tahiti that Wing did not inter-
cept.

  “ There is some merit in the prov-
erbs of these foreign devils,” he said
aloud in his own tongue. “ There is
one: 6 When rogues fall out, the devil
laughs/ It takes a wise man and one
of even mind and temper to be success-
ful in affairs of any kind.”

  They were reading the same message
in the headquarters of the French Co-
lonial authorities.

  “ Arrest A 11 e r t o n and Harris,
known as the Duke and Ginger, for at-
tempted robbery and abduction.
Thought to be bound for Papeete. Also
crew of schooner Hihimanu.”

  A squad of gendarmes issued out to
once more take possession of the
schooner, and this time, of its masters.

THE Duke and Ginger found their
vessel deserted. Ah Fat and the
others were already on their way
through the bush to a distant landing
where, by orders of Wing Lee
they would be picked up at nightfall,
taken to another scene of his numerous
activities.

  Ginger snatched the bag of mock
pearls from his neck, breaking the
string. He flung them overboard with
lurid curses. The Duke did not follow
his example. Such imitations might be
palmed off, some time. There were
always suckers.

  Ginger went below, found a bottle of
square face, his face lurid. He did not
look at the Duke until the latter spoke.
802

ARGOSY.

  “ We’d better sell the schooner,” said
the latter. “ I have a distinct hunch
that it is better for us to be moving on.”
He could not guess what had hap-
pened, Farleigh’s schooner falling in
with an American oil tanker, the dis-
patching of the radio message, not only
to Papeete, but to all ports within the
compass of the tanker’s sending power,
and to be relayed from those to still
others.

  “ Why didn’t you offer it to Wing?”
jeered Ginger, taking another gulp of
liquor. “ A fine mess you made of this
lay. You and your blarsted brains! A
lousy hundred and forty dollars apiece.
Twenty-eight quid! A fine partner
you are! Do you want to know what I
think of you, you blighter?”

  “ I could match it, Ginger, and ex-
press it better.”

  “Yah! You fake toff! You imita-
tion dude.”

  He took the bottle up again. He saw
a gleam in the Duke’s eyes, a slight
motion of his hand. Pie flung the half-
full bottle and it fell from the Duke’s
ready guard to the table, smashing at
the neck, filling the cabin with its reek,
The next moment they were at each
other. Chagrin and mutual hatred
broke loose. The rogues had fallen
out. The devil laughed as they closed
in. The Duke’s gun was under the
spotless tunic he had donned to visit
Wing. Ginger’s was in his belt holster
but, before he could draw it, the Duke
smashed him on the jaw.

  Hard bone beneath the pad of beard
saved Ginger from a knock-out, but his
sight dimmed as he clutched at the
Duke and ripped apart his tunic. The
Duke had snatched the mate’s weapon
as he dazed him, flung it away. It fell
softly on the transom cushions. Gin-
ger held him in the hug of a bear while
the Duke strove to get at his own gun.

He was no match for Ginger at close
quarters in that brief, short rally.

  Ginger’s tug broke the holster strap,
tore all away. He hurled the gun and
it went out through the skylight to the
deck, showering broken glass. The
Duke struck twice, hard drives to Gin -
ger’s belly. He did not see where the
mate’s gun had fallen, he had no time
to look.

  Panting, but with breath enough to
bellow, Ginger rushed him with flail-
ing fists.

  “ Man to man, damn your soul! I’ll
show you who’s best.”

  It was close quarters, to the Duke’s
disadvantage. He began to cut the
mate’s face to ribbons with his left,
but again and again Ginger closed.
Once he had the Duke back to the table,
bending him until his spine almost-
cracked. The Duke got an arm free.
Abruptly he sloughed off his ideals of
fair fighting; it was suicide here. He
slogged at Ginger’s bloody face, thumb
out from his clenched fingers, gouging
the mate’s eye, thrusting it on his
cheek. He broke away and sought to
find the gun. A cushion hid it. And
Ginger was on him again.

THE Duke’s better condition would
tell, if he could keep that human
gorilla off. Their clothes were
torn apart, sleeves ripped, rags trailing
from their waists. Blood smeared both
of them. Ginger’s blows were like the
fall of sledge hammers. The Duke
was hurt; a rib broken, if not two. Once
Ginger chopped him over his collar-
bone, and the Duke’s arm hung numb.
His left, pistoned to Ginger’s heart,
saved him. The mate fell back, gasp-
ing. Again the Duke sought vainly for
the gun in the respite.

  Ginger, his eye forced back into the
socket, but half blind, howled, raven-
LOOTERS’ LUCK.

803

in g.

In the next clinch his teeth sank
into the Duke’s shoulder, tearing away
flesh. The Duke kneed him. Ginger
doubled up in mortal anguish and the
Duke, wavering on his feet, put all he
had left into a tremendous uppercut.
The mate swayed, toppled forward.

  The Duke steadied himself by the
edge of the table. He was almost done.
But he had won. Ginger groaned,
stirred slightly. Even the last fearful
punishment had not annihilated him.

  Then the Duke saw the butt of the
pistol. It would not be murder; his
own battered, bloody body testified to
that:

  He did not hear feet overhead or
see the faces peering through the shat-
tered skylight.

  “La, bo.ve!” wThispered one gen-
darme. “ Regarded! C’est fini ”

  But it was not yet finished. The of-
ficers stared, reflecting that the arrest
would be easy, looking at the fallen
one, the other barely upright, the con-
fusion of the cabin, the ruin of the
table-setting that the pantry-boy, with

THE

an unconsciously sardonic touch, had
placed before leaving.

  Ginger's arm shot out, grasped the
Duke by the ankle, jerked him from his
uncertain footing. The Duke fell
sprawling, just missing the table; one
arm on the transom cushions, reaching
for the gun, found it.

  It roared as the gendarmes rushed
to the companion way; roared again.
Ginger lifted himself on feet and head,
bent like a bow. He collapsed, rolled
over. His groping hand found the
sharp knife that Thelma Farleigh had
sought to use after her first futile stab.
The Duke was on one knee. His
strength was gone, but—

  He saw the gleam of steel, Ginger’s
spasmodic, convulsive thrust. He fired
again and the bullet went through the
top of the mate’s skull. Some element
of life or twist of muscle hurled Gin-
ger’s dead bulk forward. The knife,
driven by his weight, entered the Duke
where his belt was torn open. It ripped
down, deep.

  The game was ended.

END.

xs

Singing Bottles

w

HEN glass-blowing in New England was an art as well as an industry,
many beautiful bottles of sapphire, emerald, topaz, ruby and clouded
iridescent glass were made. Some of pale-green with undertones of blue,
square-shaped with long, slender necks, were so constructed as to emit musical
sounds when placed in an open window against the wind. The sounds varied
from diminuendo to crescendo according to the gale, and took the place of
the once popular TEolian harp.

     One of these kt singing bottles ” left in a loft with the open neck lying
to a knot-hole in the clapboard caused an old farmhouse near the Franconia
Notch in the White Mountains to remain untenanted for many years. At
last a strong-minded family from Boston moved in, and hearing the weird
wails, traced them to their source in the attic and found the bottle. It was
exhibited as the “ ghost ” which had so long haunted the house, and was
bought by a collector for a sum far in excess of any price ever paid for an
ordinary, unhistorical glass bottle.	Minna Irving.
A dozen men against six thousand—yet it was up to Inspector Allen and the
Mounted to manage Sitting Bull and his untamed braves

By RICHARD A. MARTIN SEN

INSPECTOR BEVERLY ALLEN

sat outside his orderly room at a
plank table littered with office-forms
and correspondence. Mosquitoes fair-
ly swarmed in the air, for it was June.
Now and again the inspector's hand
raised mechanically and slapped off one
of the pests. Otherwise he did not
notice them, in his abstraction.

  A vista of frowning wilderness
showed through the open gateway of
the detachment stockade.. There were
twenty thousand square miles of it. In
that vast area this trim, dapper little
man at the table was a benevolent em-
peror; at least headquarters, having
big-heartedly detailed twenty men for
the purpose, expected him to be. But
the inspector was not thinking of that
just now.

  A letter lay open on the table before

him; written in a tumbled, hasty, pas-
sionate woman’s hand:

    . . . Oh, Bev, Bev! I didn’t think
  I could endure it, with you buried in
  that horrid, awful wilderness! She's a
  darling, Bev—a golden dream child—
  but we both need you so! Each night I
  pray the furlough you applied for wrill
  be granted.

 For a long moment Allen’s clear
black eyes clouded; clouded with the
vision of a gallant woman, clutching
their little first-born pleadingly to her
breast—the child he had not seen.

 A twinge of bitterness passed
through him. He couldn’t accept the
furlough even if it was granted, now
—with that mist of hushed suspense,
that ominous portent hanging spectral-
ly over the breadth of empire intrusted
to his care.
BEANS FOR BACKBONE.

805

  There was tragedy brewing. The
Indian nations felt it, the 'breed out-
laws, the even more sinister whisky-
runners and fur-thieves. So too, and
long since, had the keen-witted man at
the table. Yes, grim and grievous was
the weight which rested on his trim
shoulders.

  With a sigh the inspector pushed
aside the letter from home, and at last
turned to an official communication,
which swiftly caused his cool eyes to
glint and sparkle, his square jaw to
thrust out with repressed anger.

  The tall, broad frame of Sergeant-
Major Pierce blotted out the threshold
of the orderly room. Inspector Allen
looked up.

  “ I trust, sergeant, that the appetite
of the detachment for beans is in-
satiable ?”

  The sergeant grimaced, then grinned.
u If ’tisn’t, sir, it ought to be. We’ve
had an almighty lot of practice.”

  “ Ah, yes. Well, it appears the prac-
tice will continue indefinitely.” Inspec-
tor Allen tapped the paper in his hand.
“ Supplies for the Mounted are as usual
lost, strayed, or stolen, so Commis-
sioner Macleod informs me. And all
the Queen's horses, and all the Queen’s
men—at Ottawa—can not locate them
again. Straight pork and beans this
summer, sergeant, and probably next
winter, too, augmented by fresh meat
in season; only in season, sergeant, you
understand.”

  Pierce nodded. The police had to
serve as exemplary models for their
children.

  “ Under the circumstances,” he ven-
tured, “ I suppose it would be foolish
to inquire about our pay?”

  “ Not merely foolish; infernally un-
tactful,” agreed his officer. “Pay?
Pay? Where have I heard that word,
officially? And there's something else,

a damned sight more serious. Our
clothing was included in the missing
supplies.”

  ‘‘ Good Lord!" exclaimed Pierce in
dismay. He looked down at the trou-
sers tucked into his riding boots. They
were a crazy-quilt of patches, and for
all that in places still gaped raggedly.;

  “ The cruelest blow of all,” mur-
mured the inspector quizzically. ” We
can keep plugging on an undiluted diet
of beans. We might even get along
without our Sniders—for against the
Winchesters our outlaw friends are im-<
porting from the States, they’re more
ornamental than useful anyway. But
when will the great political brain ap-
preciate the difficulty of controlling the
whole Northwest in a state of—ah—
seminakedness?”

 AN incident illustrating the import
tance of uniformed authority
was at that moment taking place
in a wolf den scarce two hundred miles
from where Inspector Allen sat. This
wolf den was a temporary encampment
of the head magician of the Uncapapa
Sioux, Sitting Bull. The prime factor
of the incident was a thin line of red-
coated men.

  After annihilating Custer the terror
of the Dakotas had decided he was
bucking impossible odds.

  “ We can go nowhere without seeing
the head of an American,” he declared
in council. “ Our land has become
small. It is like an island. We have
two ways to go—to the land of the
Great Mother or to the land of the
Spaniards. Since spring we have killed
one thousand Americans. We have
done counting. Let us strike north.”
And so the Sioux began to pour
across the border, until six thousand
of them were camped on Canadian soil,
depending on Canadian buffalo or
806

ARGOSY.

bounty for existence. Six thousand
warriors who had never been con-
quered, who had crushed or evaded the
snares set by almost twice their num-
ber of American troops, flung them-
selves into a wilderness where white
authority was represented by a paltry
handful of red-coated men.

  Eight thousand other savages—
Blackfeet, Assiniboine, Sarcee, Piegan,
Bloods—already inhabited that wilder-
ness. There were also hundreds of
half-breeds—Metis; and outlaws of a
score of different types and nationali-
ties. Against this tremendous force,
this potentially hostile might, there
were available perhaps a hundred or so
Mounted Police, and these scattered'
over thirty thousand square miles!

  But the police wTore uniforms whose
brightness awed the savage breast, and
had been taught to look jauntily fear-
less, no matter what they felt. Thus
the knowledge that Sitting Bull had
never tolerated the presence of a white
man near his person did not deter As-
sistant Commissioner Irvine in the
least. On the morning Inspector Allen
was bewailing the dearth of clothing,
Irvine trotted casually into the teem-
ing wolf den with an army of ten sub-
constables.

  Perhaps sheer Mounted effrontery
swung the scales. At any rate Irvine
pushed through a towering retinue of
fierce warriors to face a proud-fea-
tured, sturdy Indian of middle age.
Long black hair fell over his cheeks
and in front of his shoulders. His
eyes gleamed. His face was devoid of
paint, with high cheek bones, prominent
nose, heavy jaw, and broad forehead.
The mouth was implacable.

  “ I seek the famous warrior, Sitting
Bull,” Irvine announced through his in-
terpreter.

  “ Then your search is over/’ was the

reply, and, surprisingly, Sitting Bull
extended a hand soft as a woman's,
softer than a squaw’s.

  What followed was more surprising
still. Irvine’s escort withdrew on one
side, the cloud of Indian fighting men
on the other. Sitting Bull presented
an elaborate peace-pipe to the commis-
sioner. Irvine puffed away at it, then
Sitting Bull, who thereafter shook out
the ashes and solemnly buried them.
The pipe was broken to pieces and
strewn over the spot.

THIS ceremony completed, the time
was ripe for the commissioner to
speak. After some moments of
flowery generalities, he came tactfully
to the point of his errand:

  “ The Great Mother welcomes the
Sioux people to her land. That wel-
come will continue kind and warm, so
long as the Sioux maintain the spirit
befitting guests.”

  “ Good. That means forever,” said
Sitting Bull. “ We come with hands
raised and open, seeking only peace.
It is not we who desired battle in the
land that was our home. Battle was
forced upon us by the greed and
treachery of the Long Knives—the
Long Knives with forked tongues.”

  “ The tongue of the Great Mother is
not forked,” averred Irvine with em-
phasis.

  “ She will not render us back into
the hands of our enemies?”

  “ No; not so long as the Sioux obey
the rules of hospitality, and remember
the courtesy properly due from guests
to host.”

  “ Good. The Great Mother warms
my heart, She has a woman’s eye for
color,” said Sitting Bull dryly, his
glance fixing upon Irvine’s scarlet tu-
nic. “ I approve. Tell the Great Queen
that the Sioux already swell with love
BEANS FOR BACKBONE.

807

and admiration for their White Grand-
mother/*

  Assistant Commissioner Irvine
pitched tent near the scene of the in-
terview in a pardonable glow of duty
well performed. This glow was not
diminished by the report of his inter-
preter that the Indians were happier
than they had been for many a weary
month.

  To cap the climax came another
proof that the lion was indeed meta-
morphosed into the gentle lamb. To-
ward midnight the commissioner re-
ceived a surprise visit in his tent from
Sitting Bull. The warlock sat on the
edge of his bed and with an almost
childlike simplicity and confidence
poured forth his myriad grievances
against the Long Knives.

  The heart-to-heart confessional
lasted well into the small hours. It
prompted Irvine to state enthusiastical-
ly of Sitting Bull in his report:

  “ I have but little doubt of his future
conduct if he remains here, which he
assuredly will/'

  Beneath his soldierly exterior, Colo-
nel Irvine himself was a gentleman to
the bone. Moreover, his acquaintance
with the moody, fickle wizard of the

Uncapapas was extremely limited.

j

ANOTHER spring had come and
^ blended into summer. Inspector
Beverly Allen’s “ D ” Troop de-
tachment at Wood’s End was still sub-
sisting on beans; and had managed to
keep its wilderness empire in order, as
it tried to subsist on that monotonous
diet.

  During the twelvemonth, however,
the mist of hushed suspense and
brooding evil which clutched the re-
gion had thickened appreciably. The
Sioux hordes had pushed east into it.
Headquarters, reflecting Irvine's confi-

dence, remained imbued with cheerful
hope. But in closer contact with the
threat, Inspector Allen secretly was not
so comfortable. Twenty men, what-
ever their traditions and however
brave, form none too stout a bulwark
against five thousand lusty, war-bred
primitives.	/

  There had been 110 more mail from
home. And at times the picture of his
wife and daughter stabbed like a lance
of fire to the inspector’s heart, al-
though he never, by look or gesture,
revealed his own suffering to the force
under him.

  Allen’s scouts made unencouraging
reports. The strain of diplomacy and
good behavior was telling on the Sioux.
Restless by nature, the reminders of
other people's affluence constantly dan-
gling before their eyes made them
doubly so. There were the horses, for
instance, whole herds of them—some-
times grazing with a sub-constable for
sole protector.

  Straight-Y oung-Man, one of the
Sioux sub-chiefs, reached a pass where
the mere sight of a loose horse belong-
ing to the Mounted sent him into a
convulsion of mingled rage and eager-
ness. He was a gifted horse-thief, but
nowadays his gifts were useless. Two
score similarly talented young bucks
comprised his band.

  It was inevitable that sooner or later
trouble would come.

  Corporal Bryce, in charge of the de-
tachment's saddle-stock, was hard put
to it to find adequate grazing land as
June slipped into sun-scorched July.
He wrangled the herd farther and
farther into the wilderness, away from
Allen’s stockade, and the eyes of'
Straight-Y oung-Man’s companions
watched proceedings greedily.

  Toward late afternoon, one day, the
corporal was in his shelter tent, indus-
808

ARGOSY.

triously scribbling a letter that might
reach the folks in Montreal for Christ-
mas. The two sub-constables on auty
were stretched out under a tree, whence
they could watch the herd of fifty
horses grazing in a little clearing below
them, and at the same time take life
easy.

  The herd drifted slowly and peace-
fully toward the far end of the clear-
ing. Suddenly Constable White raised
up on an elbow and nudged his com-
panion.

  “Look, Jim."

  Constable Travis looked. “ What’s
the excitement ?”

  “ I thought I saw a couple of Injuns
slinking in the underbrush. By Jupi-
ter—”

  He bounded erect. The bushes at
the far end of the clearing had erupted
not two but a dozen lithe brown forms.
Straight-Young-Man and his bucks
had waited until the leading horses
were almost within arm's reach before
they dashed into the open. The gentled
horses pulled up snorting, but the In-
dians were.already upon them, twist-
ing buckskin thongs about their lower
jaws as makeshift bridles, and leaping
on their backs.

  White bolted down the incline, with
Travis at his heels, and vaulted aboard
his pony. Travis’s mount, unfortunate-
ly, had wandered farther off. It took
the constable an extra precious minute
to round him up and start in pursuit of
the horse-thieves.

  White flung full-tilt at the receding
savages, shouting anathema. The horse
Straight-Young-Man had selected was
proving intractable. It delayed his
flight sufficiently for the constable to
draw alongside. White leaned from
the saddle and closed his muscular arms
about the Indian. Straight-Young-
Man jerked loose, snatched out a re-

volver, and brought it smashing down
upon the Mountie’s skull with a force
not to be denied.

WHITE reeled for an instant,'
managed to recover, and pulled
out his own gun. At this junc-
ture Constable Travis arrived flvinsr.

                        ^ o

Instead of continuing the pursuit he
swerved toward White and savagely
clutched the latter’s extended arm.

  “ Chop it, you damned fool!” he
shouted. “ Remember orders! We
don't shoot first! D’you want to start
a wholesale massacre?”

  White flushed as he fought to con-
trol his excited horse. In that brief
interval self-control returned.

  “ You’re right, Bob. Sorry I de-
layed you. The devils have made their
get-away!”

 Corporal Bryce, warned by the
shouting that something was amiss,
now came up at a gallop. His jaw
thrust grimly forward at Travis’s brief
report.

  “ Right, Bob. You and Jim stick
with the horses. I’ll hit the trail.’’

  He started in the wake of the horse-
thieves. There was no doubt in Cor-
poral Bryce’s mind as to what he in-
tended to do. Twelve or twelve thou-
sand Indians notwithstanding, he was
going to bring those horses back again.

  Sitting Bull’s camp lay twenty miles
distant. Obviously the Sioux horse-
thieves would head for it. Corporal
Bryce also took the most direct trail for
this objective.

  By the time he had covered ten miles
anger gave way to the acumen which
had merited his corporal's stripes. Here
was a matter of the most profound sig-
nificance. It was not his place to in-
dulge blind instinct, force an issue, and
make the caldron boil. Discretion was
the thing.
BEANS FOR BACKBONE.

809

  He diverted to the cabin of a friend-
ly, English-speaking breed.

  “ Sioux bucks have run off some of
our horses/’ he explained. “ I want
you, Jules, to go at once to Sitting Bull.
Tell him for me that if he returns the
horses we will forget the incident. But
his young men must return our animals
at once.”

  The corporal awaited the return of
his messenger impatiently. Dusk was
gathering when at last the half-breed
appeared, apprehension plainly depicted
upon his face.

  “ Sitting Bull was very angry/’ he
muttered. “ He says the Red-coats are
to keep their distance. His young men
are not to be disturbed.”

  Bryce smiled grimly. “ So that’s the
tune he’s singing, eh?”

  “ Oui, m’sieur.” The breed shivered,
as though he had passed through a
terrific ordeal. “ And I myself think
it would be wise if those horses were
forgotten.”

  “ You don’t say! Why?”

  “ As I passed through the camp, I
saw—” again the breed shivered, and
crossed himself—“ hundreds of Sitting
Bull’s young men painting their faces
for war.”

  Corporal Bryce grew exceedingly
thoughtful. The waste was indeed rub-
bing a corner of the tinder-box! The
plunder of police horses could not go
unrequited without a complete de-
moralization of police control. And
yet—

  He realized, with substantial force,
that the situation was far above and
beyond the scope of a mere corporal.
Hence two hours later he was standing
before his officer, quietly describing
wrhat had occurred.

  Inspector Allen heard him through
inscrutably. Then:

  “ Your line of action, corporal, was

proper and commendable. However,
we cannot permit even Sitting Bull to
get away with this.” He spoke as
gravely, as authoritatively as though he
were a general, with a division of sol-
diers at call, instead of twenty men,
pitted against a far-flung wilderness
and full five thousand savages with
passions at the boiling-point. “Sergeant
Pierce! I want a detail of twelve men;
full equipment and dress uniform; they
are to be prepared to ride with me at
dawn.”

  \ LL night long commotion swirled
in the vast camp of Sitting Bull.
In eerie chorus groups of braves
lifted their voices to descant their bat-
tle prowress to the night. Drum-beats
rolled in waves of shuddering sound
along the lines of serried tepees to the
great central war-lodge, where the
chief magician himself was said to be
brewing powerful medicine.

  There was no reason why Sitting
Bull should not be gratified with his
position. He was master of a wilder-
ness which, though differing in nature,
was no whit less in broad, majestic
expanse than his lamented plains. In
this realm was no one to dispute his
sway, excepting a bare handful of red-
coated men; the merest quirk of a fin-
ger, and his hordes would swallow
them!

  An hour after first light a runner
sprinted up to the war-lodge and flung
inside. Rumors of the tidings he
brought spread rapidly. From all sides
warriors, mounted and in full regalia,
began to converge toward the war-
lodge.

  The flap opened, and Sitting Bull
crawled forth. His face was sullen.
His eyes glittered with a malign light.
In silence he mounted, and, in the cen-
ter of a wild, impressive cavalcade,
810

ARGOSY.

rode slowly across the open level be-
neath his camp.

  A wooded knoll formed the far side
of the level. Among the trees of this
knoll, sharply silhouetted against the
brightening sky, a thin line of horse-
men suddenlv was visible. Ahead of
the line trotted two other riders—In-
spector Allen and his interpreter.

  The rising sun shone bravely on the
red coats of the approaching men, on
their white crossed belts, white helmets
and gloves. Scrub-brush and pipe-
clay had served to gloss over merci-
fully the general dilapidation of their
sartorial splendor, particularly the
scarecrow pants. Each trooper carried
a Snider carbine across his saddle-bow,
and the Adams revolver at his side.

  For all its martial pomp and color,
though, the group was but a straw
against the teeming horde of the In-
dians. Yet it advanced steadily, and
with crisp, dapper purpose.

  Inspector Allen glimpsed Sitting
Bull, back in the thickest ruck of war-
riors, and snapped an order. The men
behind him bunched into a wedge.

  Straight through a mass of milling,
glaring savages the wedge thrust, halt-
ing at Allen’s command within a few
feet of the warlock. If a thrilling ten-
sion, or numbing anxiety, clutched the
heartstrings of these red-coated men,
there was no indication upon their
countenances. These were no more nor
less impassive than on parade.

  Allen spurred up to the side of Sit-
ting Bull. If there swam before the
mind’s eve of the Mounted officer the
image of the woman he loved, whom
lie well might never clasp in his hungry
arms again, it was not evident in his
cool, fearless glance.

  For an instant the two warriors re-
garded each other, the Indian’s gaze
flashing, sinister, Allen’s continuing

calm and level-eyed. Neither made a
motion of greeting.

 WE come as friends,” said the
inspector then through the
half-breed Provost, his inter-
preter, “ but Sitting Bull knows why
we are here.”

  “ Why should I know?” the warlock
demanded. “ I did not seek a meeting,
nor wish it. The Redcoat can see that
my young men are restless. He was
unwise to come.”

  ” Yesterday,” said Allen calmly,
without removing his eyes from that
sullen visage, “ Sitting Bull’s young
men took horses belonging to the Great
Queen. A message was sent him that
if the animals were returned at once
the incident would be forgotten. In-
stead, he sent back word defending his
young men—and did not send the
horses.”

  To this there was no reply. Sitting
Bull shrewdly desired Allen to do the
forcing. He got his wish.

  “ Silence means that .Sitting Bull
cannot dispute these facts. It is well.
Let Sitting Bull remember that he re-
mains here solely at the pleasure of the
Great Queen. Her laws have not been
changed to meet the whims of Sitting
Bull. It is her will that he return the
horses here and now.”

  The Indian grunted. It was obvious
that he felt in an ugly mood. Two
thousand fiercely expectant warriors
abetted it.

  “ Sitting Bull knows nothing of the
Great Queen's horses,” he replied; and
added, with a flash of viciousness:
“ And if he did know, and did not de-
sire to return them, does the Redcoat
think perhaps that he could take them
from Sitting Bull?’!.

The spark had struck. Police au-
thority throughout all Canada balanced
BEANS FOR BACKBONE.

811

delicately on Allen's trim back. The
inspector could not hesitate.

  “ I would take Sitting Bull's own
horse if I knew that it was stolen,” he
retorted in a firm, strong voice.

  The Indian’s stained teeth bared in
a contemptuous yet calculating grin.

  “ It is,” he said succinctly.

  The spark had leaped to flame! In-
spector Allen had expected it. He had
also decided that the charge of tarnish-
ing the honor of the Mounted should
never lie with him.

  Gradually, during the last few in-
stants, he had been edging his horse
closer and closer to the Indian. Now
the taunter's challenge was accepted
with a blazing suddenness.

  Allen leaned sidewise. His arms
closed with a clamp of iron around the
body of Sitting Bull. In the same
breath the warlock was swung clear of
his saddle and dumped roughly on the
ground. Inspector Allen whirled and
trotted back to his escort, leading
the riderless horse.

  A paralyzed hush, far more dramatic
than the deafening uproar so shortly to
ensue, gripped the scene. Sitting Bull’s
person was sacred. For a moment
dumb stupefaction clogged the senses
of his tribesmen. They were unable to
credit the testimony of their eyes.

  Not so the Mounted. Like trained
veterans, they made the most of a
breathless opportunity. When the hush
ended they had wedged their horses in
a ring about their officer. The group
was trotting for the wooded knoll.

  The whoops and yowls of the in-
furiated warriors, in their thousands,
welled to the upper skies. A press of
bodies flung at the Mounted, compress-
ing it like a kernel in the shell. Fists
flailed into the faces of the redcoats,
quirts slashed them, nails clawed at
their eyes.

  “No shooting!” the voice of In-
spector xAllen clearly topped the din.

  The Mounties reversed their car-
bines and battered stubbornly through
an unending nightmare of plunging,
writhing bodies with the gun butts.

  It was a miracle that thev had ever

                                              j

managed to penetrate to the vicinity
of Sitting Bull. That they could fight
their way out again through his shriek-
ing horde to temporary safety, with-
out the loss of a man, was thrice
miraculous. But, shouting, striking,
disentangling, retreating, ultimately
they did cleave through the wild
melee, won to the flimsy shelter of their
little woods stockade, and rammed the
gate shut behind them.

  Now, at last, a sigh of relief issued
simultaneously from several police
throats. One or two constables even
grinned happily.

  But Allen did not grin. He saw too
keenly into the immediate future. He
tossed the reins of Sitting Bull’s pony
—emblem of dangerous victory!—to
the trooper nearest him.

   “ Slide this into the stable. The rest
of you snap into getting the post in
shape for defense. If you think we’ve
seen the last of Sitting Bull’s young
men you’re in for damned rough dis-
illusionment !”

THE sun set, for the last time, ac-
cording to the laws of logic, as
far as Allen’s detachment was
concerned. And promptly with twilight
the wheel of fate began to turn. Vast
pools of shadow7, far deeper than the
evening’s gloom, formed on the bench
above the fort.

  A piercing whoop rang out. The
shadows spread and whirled in a dance
macabre—became waves of mounted
Indians pounding back and forth.
Guns cracked. The dusk filled with an
812

ARGOSY.

insensate, shuddering clamor as the
braves worked themselves into the
frenzy for an overwhelming assault.

  Under Allen's unflurried supervision
the police long since had prepared for
the finale as thoroughly as possible.,
Every spare vessel had been filled with
water; extra ammunition cases had
been buried; letters to families and
friends written and cached in an iron
box. Allen had bravely written his own
farewell to his wife and the child he
would never see now.

  The troopers crouched at points of
vantage in their barrack room. If the
protracted strain tanged at the nerves
of the younger recruits, no indication
was manifest outwardly.

  And so, a quiet riffle in the center of
a raging whirlpool, the Mounties
played a waiting game, until lead from
the weapons of Sitting Bull’s young
bucks began to rip the colors on the
flagpole above the little stockade.
Then, indeed, Allen sensed an ominous
wave of motion in the sea of gloom.

 “Steady, men,” he bade. “No
shooting unless we are convinced there
is no other way.”

  Note that “unless”—the casual,
dauntless voice of scarlet nonchalance!

  “ How about a light?” inquired
some one presently. “ Let’s show ’em
we’re not worrying.”

  Inspector Allen laughed composedly.
“We’ll demonstrate that better with-
out a light. The inference is that we
have gone to bed. You can light
matches all you please, though; smoke,
chat, relax; enjoy this touch of genuine
atmosphere. It's rare enough, nowa-
days.”

  Outside the bedlam increased.
Chants, yowls, snarls, the rattle of
rifle volleys. Provost, the ’breed inter-
preter, explained phlegmatically:

  “ The brave young men of Sitting

Bull tell what they intend to do to you.
It is not nice. First they will scalp you
at the stake. Then cut out your hearts.
Then give vour red coats to the

    o	•*

squaws.”

  “ How int’restin',” breathed Ser-
geant Pierce ironically.

  Two hours dragged past, two aching
eternities. Inaction, under the lash of
torment, is a real test of discipline. No
wisp of sound trickled from the unlit
barracks; but when, at last, a concerted
war-whoop welled from the engulfing
blackness like a surging wave, the
Mounties filled with hope—hope that
for better or for worse the end had
come! A score of hands gripped the
Snider carbine stocks so tightly the
finger knuckles drained white.

  An all-pervading, complete and sin-*
ister hush succeeded the whoop.

  “ What now ?” Inspector Allen
queried of Provost.

  “I do not know,” replied the half-
breed. Then, as the lull continued:
“ But I go see.”

  The barracks formed one side of the
stockade. Provost rose, slid to an open
window, and vanished.

  Five throbbing minutes; ten. Again
the window wras blotted out by a clam-
bering form. Provost had made it back
successfully.

  “ I find Chief Broad Tail,” calmly
reported the interpreter. “ The squaws
are running all around him, screaming
to his young men: ‘ Lend us your
breech-clouts and we will choke the
cousins of the Long Knives.' But
Broad Tail wishes speech with you.”

INSPECTOR ALLEN suppressed an
exclamation. Young Chief Broad

  Tail, he knew, had for some time
been a thorn in the side of Sitting Bull.
He was one of those who had grown
tired of the great warlock’s medicine.
BEANS FOR BACKBONE.

813

  “ Where is he?”

  Provost vaguely indicated the night
beyond the window.

  Promptly the keen-witted inspector
came to a decision.

  “ Into your bunks, lads,” he called,
“every man-jack of you! Stay there
until further orders. Right, Provost,
invite the chief inside. When you get
him through the window, light a candle
and escort him through the barracks to
the orderly room. You boys turn loose
a few artistic snores to help the game
along.”

  Allen chuckled audibly and vanished.
There was a general scurry as the
Mounted wonderingly pulled off boots
and tunics, and drew the blankets
around their necks.

  Chief Broad Tail found the in-
spector writing leisurely and imper-
turbably in the orderly room. The
Indian’s face was inexpressive, but his
eyes showed a perplexity mingled with
subtle respect.

  “Well?” inquired Allen calmly.
“What can we do for you?”

  Broad Tail’s wonderment increased.
It took him some time to frame a suit-
able reply.

  “ Sitting Bull is very angry,” he
averred at length. “ He wishes to scalp
the redcoats.”

  Inspector Allen looked at him a mo-
ment, then grinned. “ Yes?”

  The Indian’s perplexity vanished,
together with any lingering trace of
malice. The grin had been too much
for him. He also smiled.

THE

  “ But Broad Tail is not so anxious,”
he declared. “ No. He is weary of
Sitting Bull's perpetual war medicine.
It pleases him that you plucked a few
feathers so neatly from the bonnet of
Sitting Bull, So he has instructed his
young men not to molest the redcoats
any more.”

  “ Broad Tail is wise,” observed the
inspector easily.

  “And without my young men, I do
not think that Sitting Bull will press
his anger farther,” concluded the
Indian.

  With elaborate difficulty, Allen
smothered a yawn.

  “ Ah, yes. The Great Queen doubt-
less will be pleased to hear that Broad
Tail is not as childish as Sitting Bull.”

  There was a moment of silence.
Then:

  “ I told him I was coming to talk to
you,” gravely remarked the Indian.
“ What message shall I take back to
him ?”

  Allen turned to a shelf behind the
desk and took down a pound tin of to-
bacco, which he graciously tendered the
Indian—his expression that of a father
giving a lollipop to a good little boy.

  “Sitting Bull?” murmured the in-
spector carelessly. “ Oh, tell him we
don’t mind his playfulness, but I do
wish he’d cut down a little on the noise.
The sons of the Great Mother work
hard, and they need their sleep.”

  Thus Broad Tail withdrew, humbled
and marveling. Allen’s magnificent
bluff had worked!

ND.
The Radio Gun-Runners

   Americans, cast away inside the Earth, match modern science against
   a topsy-turvy world of Vicings and forgotten dinosaurs

           By RALPH MILNE FARLEY

    Author of " The Radio Flyers/* ** The Radio Planetetc.

  LEADING UP TO THIS INSTALLMENT

JIMMY LEFAVOUR, best known
as Scar face Boston Jimmy, and his
crew of gun-runners hijack the
yacht Miami, off Newfoundland, and
transfer the guns from their sinking
boat. The Miami is caught in the polar
ice, and an opening to the northward
leads them over the edge of the world.
They find that the story of the Radio
Flyers, who claimed there is no north
pole, was true. Instead, there is a huge
opening over whose rim the sea flows
into the inside of the earth, which is
a hollow shell with a small central sun.

  Here they find the continent inhab-

ited bv prehistoric beasts, and fought
over by Vikings and the Eskimo-like
natives, • the Skr a clings. The Vikings
are ruled by their boy bishop, Nils
Uppri, and their yarlsf or earls, among
whom are the Radio Flyers, Eric Red-
mond and Angus Selkirk.

  Nick Fratelli mutinies and gets
away with the Miami. Scarface, with
the Harvard yachtsman Tom Jones,
the Cambridge cop Mike Murphy, and
Scarface’s fellow-gangster Little Arty,
ex-jockey and radio bug, joins the
Vikings of Angus Selkirk’s plateau
city.

This story began in the Argosy for February 22,

814

Its forked tongue, large as an outer-zvorld
snake, quivered in and out
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

815

  Theresa Ferreira, daughter of the
late navigator of the Miami, is with
them, and seems attracted to the young
Bishop Uppri, much to Tom Jones’s
discomfort; but she learns his title, and
is horrified, despite Nils’s attempts to
convince her that Viking bishops are
not celibates, being more kings than
religious dignitaries.

  Scarface goes scouting with a Vik-
ing aviator in one of their motorless
gliders, which fly great distances on
the air currents after the fashion of
the native pterodactyls, or skzvaas.
They find Nick Fratelli has joined
Altoonah, the Skraeling chief, in a plot
to kidnap Eric's wife Helga, who is
en route to the northern plateau city.
As they attempt to bomb the Miami,
the aviator is killed, and Scarface
crashes with the glider into the sea.

CHAPTER XIV.

PIRACY.

ON the Miami, Swede was saying
to Nick and Cicero, “ I tank it
vos Yimmy.”

  “ Then why the hell didn't you and
Cicero pot him, instead of the Vik-
ing?” ejaculated Fratelli disgustedly.
“ But it couldn’t possibly have been
Jimmy—he don’t know how to fly.”

  “ Beginner’s luck,” explained Cicero
Tony sagely, adding, “ But we got the
Viking, anyhow.”

  “ Yah, ve got him,” assented Swede,
but he didn’t seem particularly elated
about it. He seemed to have a growing
fellow-feeling for these tall blond
Norsemen.

  “Look, there he crashes!” shouted
Nick. “ Quick, Cicero, the engines! I’ll
take the wheel.”

  But though they searched the water,
and even the near-by shore, with great

  care, they found no trace of their
former leader. Finally they gave up
the search, and returned to their an-
chorage. Nick Fratelli was elated. His
usually sour features glowed.

   “ Dead, that’s a cinch!” he chortled.
“ This gets rid of the only man in this
country with more brains than I got.
I’ll be the Vikings’ king—I’ll be their
emperor—why, I may even be their
Mussolini!”

  Following the attack by the glider,
Nick, Altoonah and the impromptu in-
terpreter Friday conferred again, while
Charley Loy, assisted by several of the
Skraelings, prepared a delectable veni-
son stew, of a colossal prehistoric Irish
elk, with chopped breadfruit to take
the place of both potatoes and chest-
nuts, and with bits of orange-peel to
give it an acid tang.

   The result was really a work of culi-
nary art, and was hailed as a great suc-
cess by the members of both races. Try
it, the next time you kill an Irish elk
where there are breadfruit in abun-
dance.

  Finally the terms of the alliance
were concluded, and the bargain was
sealed by the two chiefs solemnly
clasping hands over a ring, a Viking
custom, one of the many copied by the
Skraeling chief. They had to use a
deck-ring for the purpose, no other sort
of large ring being available.

  Then all the remaining rifles, about
a hundred in number, wrere unloaded
from the hold, and the pick of Altoo-
nah’s warriors, who had by this time
arrived, were selected as a rifle com-
pany, to be trained under the personal
instruction of the three gangsters.
This rifle company consisted of one
hundred and fifty savages, so as to
allow for casualties and still keep the
strength up to the available number of
Springfields.
816

ARGOSY.

  The picked Skraeling warriors were
very proud of having been chosen, and
were anxious to try out the rifles at
once; but Nick Fratelli knew from
World War experience that recruits
should not be given firearms until they
had mastered at least the rudiments of
discipline and squad-movements.

  Nick was not worrying about any at-
tack from the Vikings just yet. The
Vikings would probably wait for two
or three days before sending out a
searching party or another glider; and
he could count on about three days ad-
ditional thereafter, before the enemy
would arrive on the scene, for he cal-
culated that his present position was
three days’ march from the plateau.

  Given thus the five or six days lee-
way that he expected, he could whip
his new troops into such shape so that,
if thev did not break and run at the
first attack, their hundred rifles, shoot-
ing however wild, would be more than
a match for the four to six which the
Vikings could muster.

  The gangster issued rifles and a lit-
tle ammunition to Altoonah and his
bodyguard, more as an evidence of
good faith than because they could be
expected to know how to use them.

IN the morning—which of course was
marked by no sunrise, but merely by
enough of them waking up to dis-
turb and rouse the others—the squads
were formed again, and Nick, in the
august presence of King Altoonah and
his staff, began the superhuman task of
making modern soldiers out of a rab-
ble of naked savages. Yet superhuman
as it was, it was absolutely essential to
his plans of conquest.

  According to Nick’s calculations,
the enemy against whom he was train-
ing these men were still in their rocky
fortress many miles to the northward;

whereas, in actuality, the enemy were
almost upon him.	,

  A fairly level bowlder-dotted field
bordered the beach, wThere the Skrael-
ing horde stood, or reclined, or squat-
ted. In the center of the field were
drawn up the two ranks of the incipient
rifle company. In front of them, in a
group, stood Nick the Rat, with Cicero,
Swede and Friday. Also Altoonah, the
Skraeling chieftain, with his body-
guard. Charley Loy leaned over the
ship’s rail, an interested spectator.

  Nick issued the commands, with ex-
planations assisted by Friday. Altoo-
nah reenforced his authority.

  That edge of the field furthest from
the sea wras backed by a ledge of rocks,
topped by a thicket of small trees; and
from this thicket a score or more of
hostile ey^es took in every detail of the
scene below.

  Tom Jones, Mike Murphy and Lit-
tle Arty—for they were among these
spies in the thicket—withdrew stealth-
ily out of earshot, and discussed the
situation. The Viking commander of
the expedition withdrew with them,
although of course he could not con-
tribute very much to the discussion.

  “Altoonah?” they asked him.

   Yahhe replied, for he had rec-
ognized the crutches.

  Then said Tom, “Nick has made
an alliance with the Skraeling king,
just as we feared. Nick carries his
right arm in a sling. Swede’s left hand
and Cicero’s right shoulder are band-
aged. And we found Scutari dead back*
there. So I guess our five Vikings did
some very creditable fighting before
they were finally slaughtered by mod-
ern firearms. But what is more to the
point, these wounds mean that none
of the three white men is very for-
midable with a rifle right now. And
none of the three has his rifle with

                     6	A
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

817

him at the moment. Altoonah and the
savages grouped around him have ri-
fles; but, as they must have got them
off the Miami, I doubt if any of them
has the slightest idea how to use them,
except possibly Altoonah himself, and
he’d have difficulty handling one on
crutches. We four have rifles, know
how to use them, and are uninjured.
Shall we wait for reenforcements,
while Nick arms and trains these sav-
ages, or shall we sneak back to the
edge of the ridge and shoot up the
party?”

  “ The Skraelings will probably at-
tack us, the moment we open fire,”
answered Murphy. “ There are enough
of them to overpower us in spite of our
guns.”

  “Yeah?” sneered Little Arty.

                                                                                                                    wt

“Scared of getting nudged by a hunk
of lead, are you? Well, if we bump off
the wop, and the squarehead, and
Cicero, what difference will it make
what happens to us after that? Where
is your nerve, flat-foot?”

  " Let’s go,” said Tom.

  “ It’s okeh with me,” the ex-cop,
stung, hastened to agree.

  “ That makes it anonymous,” said
the little jockey. “ Come on.”

  Turning to the Viking, Tom patted
his own rifle, pointed in the direction
of the enemy, crooked his finger a
number of times, and said brilliantly,
“ Bang, bang, bang!”

  The Viking smiled and nodded.

  " Yah!" said he.

THE four of them crawled back to
the top of the ledge. The posi-
tions of the enemy were practi-
cally unchanged. Tom pointed out to
the Viking the group on which they
were to fire first. Then all four drew
a careful bead on Nick Fratelli. It
seemed inevitable that at least one of
7 A

them would be sure to bring down their
victim.

  But at just that moment they, or
some of their followers, were glimpsed
by one of the Skraelings.

  “ Vikings!” rang out the cry.

  Instantly the scene on the plain be-
low shifted like a kaleidoscope.

  Altoonah might not be versed in
modern squad-formations, but, in spite
of his inheriting the rank from his fa-
ther Goovah, he could not have held
his kingship over the wild hordes if he
had not developed an uncanny ability
to direct large bodies of men on the
field of battle.

  A few words of command shouted
by him, and his warriors were charg-
ing in a body up the slope. Instinctively
Tom, Mike, Arty and their ally de-
pressed their muzzles to aim at the
coming attack, and only too late
realized that they ought to have pulled
their triggers at Nick Fratelli before
doing so. Back up swung their muz-
zles. But Nick and his two henchmen
and even Altoonah had taken advan-
tage of the respite to drop behind pro-
tecting bowlders. Friday had joined
the rush of the Skraelings.

  The four on the ledge now fired re-
peatedly into the oncoming mob, but
their shots stopped only individuals.
Rather than be engulfed, they slowly
fell back inland. Their plan having
failed, there was no point in their re-
maining to be massacred.

  As the first impetuousness of the
Skraeling charge wore off, the savages
advanced more cautiously, and this en-
abled the Vikings to collect their forces
and beat an orderly retreat. They
knew, which their assailants did not,
that they were falling back upon reen-
forcements.

  Altoonah’s bodyguard had instinc-
tively dropped their rifles and reverted
818

ARGOSY.

to their native spears, when the fight-
ing started. Their king alone kept hold
of his firearm, and had hobbled after
his men as soon as the Vikings had
been driven from their position.

  Crawling cautiously from behind
their protective rocks, the three gang-
sters recovered the fallen guns, took
them back to the ship and passed them
up to Charley Loy.

  “ We really ought to get into this
fight,” stated Nick, standing on the
beach and looking back toward the
battle.

  “ Vy?” asked Swede.

  “ Well, it’s our fight,” explained
Nick. “ If it weren’t for these damn’
wounds, we could make those crooks
eat lead.”

  “ Let’s get out of here while the
getting is good,” suggested Cicero
shamelessly.

  “ I suppose Altoonah really doesn’t
need any help,” ruminated Nick.
“ He’s got enough men to do them
Vikings up, in spite of their guns. We
ought to be off after Helga Redmond
anyhow. You two go on board and
get the Miami ready to start, while I
have a word with Altoonah.”

  And he lumbered off in the direction
of the fighting.

  Altoonah was too canny to lead a
charge against modern firearms,
especially in his crippled condition, so
Fratelli found him in the rear directing
the attack. In a few hurried words their
plans were made.

  Altoonah was to turn over the com-
mand to a lieutenant, and with nine
picked men was to return to the Miami,
which was then to start south to inter-
cept the ship bearing Helga Redmond.
When the Skraelings had annihilated
Tom Jones’s party of Vikings, the
prospective rifle company were to
march south along the shore, keeping

an eye out for the Miami. The rest
of the Skraelings were to go into camp
and hold off as long as possible any
counter-attacking parties of Vikings.

  These plans decided on, Altoonah
turned over the command and gave the
necessary instructions to his lieutenant.
Fridav was located in the melee, and
the group went back to the boat, which
they found with engines purring, all
ready to depart.

SO they set out to the southward,
and it was not long before they
sighted the painted sail and high
prow of the Viking freighter, bound
north. She was making good headway,
under the influence of her oars and a
following wind.

  As the motor yacht approached, all
those on the Viking ship who were
neither rowing nor steering, crowded
forward to see the strange sight—a
boat moving at an unbelievable speed,
without either sails or oars. Among
the Vikings could be seen a regal
young woman, richly dressed, with
rich yellow hair.

  The Miami sped by, then circled, and
slowing down her speed to that of the
Viking craft, drew up alongside. Nick
Fratelli was at the wheel, Cicero at the
engines, Swede and Friday at the bow
machine gun, and Altoonah, with only
his shield and crutches, beside them in
the bow. The rest of the Skraelings and
Charley Loy were ranged along the
deck, aft.

  Nick had never felt so short-handed.
He needed Cicero both at the engines
and to assist Swede with the bow ma-
chine gun. where Friday was but a
poor substitute. He would have liked
to have manned the stern gun, too, but
that was out of the question.

  Some of the Vikings were nervously
fitting arrows to their bows, as Altoo-
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

819

nah began the conversation. It was
dangerous, coming thus within range
of the enemy, but the swish of the oars

                                     9

and the chug of the motor made inter-
course impossible out of bowshot, so
the chance had to be taken.

  “ Who is in command ?” shouted
Altoonah in Norse.

  Helga Redmond stepped to the rail
and replied, “ I, the Princess Helga.
What sort of a godless ship is yours,
that sails without sails, and rows with-
out oars ? Who are you ? And come you
for peace or for war?”

  “ We come for peace, most beauti-
ful Helga,” answered the Skraeling
chieftain. “ This boat is the magic ship
of the Innuits, which we have built to
prove our superiority over your people,
who still rely on clumsy sails and oars.
Do you not recognize your former
lover, the great Altoonah, King of the
Innuits? I have come for you, Helga
Uppri, as I promised when you married
Eric Redmond.”

  “ You are vile,” shouted the prin-
cess. “If you do not at once withdraw
the insult, I shall have you shot, un-
armed and a cripple though you be.
The wife of Eric Redmond, and the
daughter of Thorvald Uppri, is not for
any Skraeling scum.”

  Now it never does to call a Skraeling
a “ Skraeling,” for their word for
themselves is “ Innuits.” “ Skraeling ”
is like the French word for the Ger-
mans, namely “ Bodies.”

  Yet Altoonah smiled as he answered,
u And Altoonah is not unarmed. You
know the magic slingshots which Eric
and Angus brought from the mythical
land beyond the northern ice? Well, we
Innuits have an even greater weapon,
which can devastate your entire ship’s
company at one blast. If you will come
peaceably aboard us, we shall spare
their lives. Otherwise they die.”

  Helga's reply was a sharp command,
and the twang of many bowstrings, and
the hum of many arrows.

CHAPTER XV.

WAR TO THE HILT.

AS the strings of Helga’s bowmen
^ twanged, Altoonah, with the
speed of light, swung his pro-
tecting shield in front of himself and
his two companions. The arrows clat-
tered harmlessly off it.

  “ Spare the girl! Fire!” he shouted.

  Swede heard and understood. Be-
fore the archers could reload, the ma-
chine gun was belching flame to a
staccato accompaniment.

  As Friday fed in the belts of ammu-
nition, Swede swept the stream of bul-
lets along the deck of the Viking ship
like the stream of water from a garden
hose. One traverse of the deck, and
not a person stood alive on it except
Helga. Then a sweep back at a slight-
ly lower level, and every rower on the
near side slumped in his seat.

  Right through the shields, hung
along the gunwales, cut the singing
bullets, and many of them reached even
the rowers on the farther side. The
rowing stopped. Quick as a flash, the
Miami was steered alongside the Vik-
ing ship, crunching the oars between
the two boats; and then Swede and
Friday clambered aboard, followed by
Altoonah, agile of arm despite his pal-
sied legs.

  But as they came, Helga snatched a
jeweled dagger from the gold chain
which encircled her waist, and held it
aloft, its tip pointed not at the enemy,
but at her own breast. Suddenly left
alone amid the shambles that had a mo-
ment before been her brave and lusty
countrymen, what did there remain for
820

ARGOSY.

her but death ? Even death were pref-
erable to captivity with a member of
the despised race of Skraelings, king
though he was.

  But, just as the dagger fell, there
stepped to her side four oarsmen, the
only ones who still remained alive out
of all the carnage. With drawn swords
they sprang to defend their princess to
the death and one of them snatched the
knife from her hand.

  Then the automatics of Swede and
Friday barked several times, and Al-
toonah hobbled to the side of the faint-
ing Helga. Every other Viking lay
dead or dying.

  Altoonah's Skraelings now surged
over the side, slit the throats of the
wounded, and pillaged the boat, finding
amid the loot enough provisions to
stock the Miami for a month.

  Helga's inert form was carried into
the cabin by Swede and Friday, and
her hands were shackled with the de-
cidedly convenient handcuffs which
formerly had belonged to Policeman
Murphy. Swede brought water and
threw it in the girl's face.

  When her senses had thoroughly
been restored, she sat up on the couch
where they had laid her, and fearlessly
faced Altoonah, Swede, and Friday.
Fratelli, who had left the boat drifting,
had also come to look at the captive.

  As Fratelli gazed at her, his eyes
narrowed, and the face of Helga Red-
mond eclipsed that of Theresa Ferreira
from his mind. Not that he altogether
abandoned his lust for little Terry, but
rather he formulated the idea of estab-
lishing a harem, as king of this coun-
try, and of having Helga as his prin-
cipal and favorite wife. This, of
course, would necessitate getting rid of
Altoonah, instead of using him as an
ally; but doubtless that slight matter
could be arranged, all in due time.

  Luckily Altoonah did not catch

                            •»*

Nick’s look; but Swede did, and it in-
tensified his growing dislike for his
boss. Ever since Swede had come in
contact with the Norsemen of the in-
terior of the earth's shell, he had felt
an ancestral urge calling across the cen-
turies, to draw him closer to these
people of his own race and blood. This
girl was a Viking and a lady. Swede
was a descendant of Vikings, although
not exactly a gentleman. Nick the Rat
was only scum, according to Swede's
views.

  It was all right for Altoonah to
aspire to the lady’s hand, for Altoonah
was a king, even though he was a
Skraeling and a cripple. But Nick
Fratelli was a different matter. Swede
began to wish that he had stuck with
Scarface Boston Jimmy. Then, in a
moment, he was glad he had not, for
here he might be of service to one of
his own kind. Swede was rapidly turn-
ing the clock back eight hundred years.

SOLTNDS of confusion were heard
on deck outside.

      “ You guard the skirt, Swede,”
commanded Fratelli, “ while the king
and I go out and quiet his Innuits, who
seem to be staging a roughhouse. You
can understand her lingo. Perhaps you
can pump some ideas out of her that
may be of use to us.”

  When the two allies had left, Swede
with as gentlemanly an air as he could
muster, began in his native tongue,
“ Gracious lady—”

  Helga jumped, and interjected. “ So
you are what my Eric calls a Svenska,
one of the Vikings of the outside world,
like my Eric. That horrid man, who
leered at me, looks like a Skraeling, al-
though he wears the clothes of the out-
er world. So does the man who board-
ed my ship with you and Altoonah. So
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

821

does one other whom I saw standing
with the native warriors in the stern
of your ship during the battle.”

  She smiled wryly at the word
“ battle,” and went on, “ rather, mas-
sacre. But you look like a Viking, and
vour voice sounds like one. Tell me,
^ 7
what are you doing in such evil com-
pany? Are you a renegade to your
own people ?”

  vSwede listened, enthralled and con-
cerned.

  “ Gracious lady,” he replied in the
nearest approach he could make to
Norse, “ I was not always one of these
men. I was born in Sweden.”

  “ Your language is so like that of
my Eric when he first came to these
lands,” said she, “ that I am sure you
must be a brave and good man like
him. What is your name, Viking?”

  “ Yon Yonson, gracious lady,” he
replied. “ And my life is at your serv-

          >1

ice.

  “ Then you must get me out of
here,” she pleaded, “away from those
awful men.”

  By this time, the noise outside had
subsided, and Nick and Altoonah re-
entered. As they came in, Nick was
making some bombastic remark to his
ally, and translated it for Swede’s ben-
efit. -

  Said Nick, “ I was telling him that
one Italian was a match for a hundred
Vikings.”

  It was the wrong time to make a re-
mark like that to Johnson.

   It vos a Swede and a Eskimo did
it, though.” remonstrated the latter.

  “Yeah?” replied Fratelli. “Well,
get this: it was an Italian’s brains that
directed the whole show.”

  “ I tank—” began Swede.

  “ Shut up,” exclaimed Nick. “ None
of that line now. How are you get-
ting along with the moll?”

   ” I tank she tell me a lot.”

  " All right, pump her dry. Then
guard the door. When you get too
tired, come and wake Cicero to take
your place.”

  The other two withdrew, and soon
the engines could be heard throbbing
again. At last the boat slowed, orders
were given outside with much running
to and fro, and the anchor dropped.
Footsteps retired aft, and then silence.
The victors were resting.

   Swede turned to the captive princess
and said: “ I tank ve go ashore.” Then
in Swedish, “ Oh, excuse me. I talked
the wrong language. Every one will
be asleep soon. They plan to go north
in the morning to join Altoonah’s
'army.”

  “ Then we must flee north,” inter-
jected Helga.

  “ No! South,” asserted Swede, sur-
prised at her suggestion.

  “Don’t you see?” explained Helga.
“ They know that you know that they
are going north. So they will expect
us to flee in the other direction. Ac-
cordingly, they will pursue us south:
and, if we have gone north, we shall
escape.”

  It was too subtle for Yon Yonson.
“ Maybe so.”

IT seemed absurd to be sneaking away
from the ship in broad daylight. But
after an interval the two tiptoed
out of the cabin into the mess-room.
There Swede paused and scratched his
head for a moment, then whispered,
“ We’ve got to take a chance on wak-
ing them, for we can’t go without food
and weapons.”

So he tiptoed into the bunk room,
presently emerging with two rifles, two
ammunition belts, two automatic pis-
tols, two packs, and a broad grin.
Leading Helga onto the deck, and
822

ARGOSY,

handing her all the equipment except
one pistol and belt, and the two packs,
he signed to her to stand still, and
then he sneaked aft to the door of the
galley. There he paused and shook his
head sadly for a moment; but finally,
pulling himself together, he entered.
The cause of his hesitation had been
that the Chinaman was sitting asleep in
a chair tilted back against the wall, di-
rectly across the galley from the door.

  But Helga and he must have food
for their journey. If the Chink made
a move, Swede was prepared to ship
out his gun, and bind and gag Charley,
under threat of death.

  The intruder knew exactly where the
compressed rations were kept, having
often helped Charley in the kitchen. So
he quickly filled both knapsacks. But
to do so, it was necessary for him to
turn his back on the Chinaman.

  The moment his back was turned,
the slit-eyes of the Oriental opened
slightly and took in the scene without
the slightest change in expression or
any bodily movement.

  Some sixth sense must have warned
Swede that he was observed, for sud-
denly he wheeled around from his
work, snatching out his automatic as
he turned. But some sixth sense must
have warned Charley Loy, too, for
Swede saw merely the placid benign
face of a sleeping Chinaman.

  Charley made no further move, and
Swede at last departed with both his
packs w'ell-filled with provisions, and
rejoined Helga on deck. Not a soul
stirred as, Swede helping Helga, be-
cause of the manacled condition of her
hands, they made their way ashore, and
to a protecting fringe of trees. As the
fugitives disappeared, two slant eyes
in a yellow face watched them from
one of the portholes of the Miami. And
then, if any one could have looked at

that moment into the ship's kitchen,
they would have seen a surprising
sight. They would have seen Charley
Loy doing a double shuffle dance, with
glee writ large on his usually inscrut-
able face. But, luckily for his reputa-
tion as an imperturbable Oriental, no
one saw him, for all others on the
Miami were sound asleep. Then
Charley returned to his chair, refolded
his hands across his chest, and resumed
his interrupted nap.

SWEDE and Helga, having gained
the cover of the trees, were pro-
ceeding northward along the shore
at a rapid pace.

  As soon as they had gone about a
mile, and thus were presumably out of
hearing of the Miami, Swede got two
large stones from the beach, and
bashed the handcuffs between them,
until he had freed his companion. Thus
ended the eventful career of Mike
Murphy’s police manacles.

  Although the two fugitives were due
to have slept at the very time they
started forth yet, tired as they were,
they did not dare stop until they had
struggled on for about eight hours, un-
der the beating central sun. Then they
slept, but whether for a few minutes,
or a few hours, or a few days, there
was no way of telling. The scene and
the time of day on which they reopened
their eyes were exactly the same as
those on which they had closed them.

  They had camped beside a little
stream, which flowed tinkling to the
sea. Now they roused themselves,
washed, ate, and hurried on.

  A hundred yards or so beyond the
brook, the shore made a decided bend
inland, so Swede parted the fringe of
bushes to get the lay of the land. He
found that they were at the tip of the
first of two capes which bounded a har-
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

823

bor about a mile long and half a mile
across at the mouth.

  The opposite shore was devoid of
trees, and there he saw what startled,
but did not surprise him—a body of
about a hundred and fifty Skraelings
on the march south. Hastily with-
drawing his head, he informed Helga
that Altoonah’s newly-formed rifle
corps were about to arrive on the scene,
on their way to rejoin the Miami.

  Being a city man, he had no plans.
There were here no alleys, dowrn which
to duck; no vacant lots to cross; 110 cel-
lars, in which to hide.

  Finally Helga suggested, “ Let's
hurry back to the little brook, and then
go inland in the shelter of the trees and
bushes of its ravine.”

  The idea seemed a good one, so they
hastened to put it into execution. For-
tunately their progress was assisted by
a well-marked animal-trail which par-
alleled the stream.

  As the path ascended, they more and
more often caught glimpses of the en-
emy, until it became evident that, if
they, went much farther, they would by
the same token be in more and more
frequent danger of being seen them-
selves. Besides they were breathless
from the speed with which they had
made the ascent. So they sat down in
the concealment of some bushes, to
watch until the enemy should have
passed by.

  Now the two fugitives saw the
Miami steam into sight from the south-
ward. It anchored at the mouth of the
little brook at whose headwaters Helga
and her Swedish protector were hid-
ing, and Fratelli made contact with his
Skraeling rifle company. Nick had rea-
soned, as Helga had expected, that the
fugitives had headed south. But she
had not foreseen that he wTould do what
he did—steam south, land a search

party to work northward and thus head
them off, while he sailed the yacht back
to meet his rifle corps.

CHAPTER XVI.

THE ship of death.

SWEDE and Helga, from their
hiding-place twro miles inland, saw
the Miami meet the Skraelings,
and presently they saw the natives ad-
vancing single file up the path by which
they themselves had ascended.

  “ I forgot to ask you,” remarked
Swede, “Can you shoot a—?” He
fumbled for the Norse word.

  “ Rifle,” she added in English.

  “ How do you knowr ?” he asked,
surprised.

  “ Why, that’s what my Eric calls
them,” said she in Norse. “ Yes, I can.
He has had me practice with it empty,
many times. But only twice or thrice
with * bullets ' in it, for we are very
short of ‘ ammunition

  “ Well, now's your chance for some
real practice,” he announced, “ for we
have plenty of ammunition, and here
come the Skraelings.”

  “ Let's lie low and keep very quiet,
until they get close,” she cautioned.

  So they waited. On came the leader
of the single-file line of savages. On
he came until, within about fifty yards
of them, he suddenly stopped, uttered
some sort of guttural remark of sur-
prise, and pointed in their direction.

  “Pie says ‘Look!’” translated
Helga in a whisper. “ He must see us.
No, don’t fire, for he is pointing above
us, at something else.”

  Sw^ede and Helga turned their heads,
and followed the direction of the point-
ing finger of the Skraeling. To their
horror, they saw a gigantic gray snake,
with curious markings, as big around
824

ARGOSY

as a barrel, and fully fifty feet long,
wriggling down the mountainside
above them. His forked red tongue,
large as an average snake of the outer
world, quivered in and out of his half-
open mouth, and his expressionless
eyes were deadly cold.

  To stay wrhere they were would
mean to be devoured by this serpent,
whereas either to fire at the beast or
to flee from it would mean to be im-
mediately attacked by the Skraelings.

  But the enemy were evidently as
frightened of the snake as they. A
hurried command was passed down the
advancing line, and the savages pre-
cipitately left the bed of the stream
and started southward, deployed like a
line of skirmishers.

  The two fugitives, for their part,
lost no time in scrambling to the top
of the north bank of the stream under
cover of the bushes which lined it.
There they paused, not daring to pro-
ceed further, but‘ready to-flee into the
open if the serpent should force
them to.

  But the snake, disregarding both
them and the Skraelings, crawled
leisurely down the ravine toward the
sea.

  “ Looks as though they were plan-
ning to attack some one,” said Swede,
glancing back towTard the skirmish-line
of Skraelings, and avoiding all further
mention of the big snake.

  “ I think they are searching for us,”
replied Helga.

  The two watched and waited, until
the thin strung-out line disappeared in
the distance. They sawr the Miami also
go south again. Then they started
sneaking diagonally across country in
the opposite direction, until they struck
the head of the bay, from which point
they followed the shore northward as
before.

  “ Nothing ahead of us now,” exulted
Swede, “ until we strike Altoonah's
main army falling back this way before
the advance of your Vikings.”

  “ Halt!” a voice hailed them in Eng-
lish. “ Stick up your hands!”

ALTHOUGH Swede could see no
^one, it was evident that the
speaker had him covered. It would
be foolhardy to reach for his gat now.
If the newcomer proved to be un-
armed, or insufficiently armed, there
would be plenty of time later to at-
tempt gunplay. So up went Swede’s
hands.

  “ Put your hands up,” he translated
to the girl, “ or some one is going to
shoot you.”

  “ Capture is worse than death,” she
replied contemptuously, and drew her
automatic.

  A figure in the much-bedraggled re-
mains of a yachting costume, stepped
from behind a bush in front of them,
an automatic in his hand.

  “ Y immy’s ghost!” exclaimed
Swede, in a horror-stricken voice.

“ Shall I shoot him?” asked Helga.
“ It wouldn’t do any good,” replied
her escort, through chattering teeth,
“ for he’s dead already. I killed him
myself two or three days ago.”

  “ Cut out the Svenska,” interjected
Scarface peremptorily. “ Talk United
States, or I’ll drill you. I’m not afraid
of the lady, for I can tell by the way
she holds her gat that she hasn’t thrown
the safety catch. See!”

  And, still keeping Swede covered, he
stepped quickly over to Helga and re-
lieved her of the firearm which she was
frantically trying to discharge at him.

  She promptly sank to the ground
and began to sob.

  Scarface then helped himself to
Swede’s gun and both rifles.
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

825

  “ Now you can lower your hands/’
announced he, “ for you look tired.
Sit down and tell me who the lady is,
and what you are doing here, and
where is the rest of your gang/’

  “You sure you ain't ban dead?”
asked Swede incredulously.

                                                               w

  “ Listen, Swede—I ought to know,
oughtn’t I?”

  “ But ve shot you down in your
glider and couldn’t find you/’ Swede
objected, still unwilling to trust the
evidence of his senses.

  One fundamental principle with
Scarface Boston Jimmy was that he al-
ways retained control and direction of
any dialogue in which he was engaged.
So he ignored the question implied in
the other's remark.

  “ Never mind how I got here/’ said
he. “ The fact is that here I am, and I
have you covered; so it’s you that’s go-
ing to answer the questions, not I. Who
is the lady ? What are you doing here ?
And what has become of the rest of
your gang?”

  “Veil/’ replied Swede,' still discon-
certed, “ her name ban Helga.”

  “ Not Helga Uppri!” exclaimed
Scarface.

  Startled by the exclamation, the girl
looked up.

  “ Yah, Helga Uppri/’ said she.
“ Helga Redmond/’

  “Ve ban run avay from Nick,”
added Swede. “ Ve ban hunting for
her Vikings.”

  “ And where is Nick Fratelli now?*’
  “ Yoost gone sout\”

  “ And the Miami?”

  “ Yoost gone sout’, too. Nick ban
in her/'

  “Fair enough!” ejaculated Jimmy.
“So you’ve turned Viking? Well, so
have I. Shake on it.”

  They shook. But, with Scandinavian
persistency, Swede returned to his

earlier doubt. “ You ban dead,
Yimmv?”

“I DON’T blame you for thinking
I so,” replied Scarface tolerantly.

     “ You shot me down all right,
but I wasn’t hit, except one bullet
which just barely nipped my side. Bled
quite badly, but no real harm done.
The other fellow was killed, and I
couldn’t control the plane, so it crashed.
The plane caught me and carried me
under, and stuck on the bottom. I
guess I must have been stunned for a
few moments.

  “ When I came to, I found that my
head was inside the cockpit, which was
upside down, and full of air. So I
stayed there just as long as I could
stand it, and then ducked out and came
to the surface. The Miami was chug-
ging away. I lay on my back with my
nose just barely out of water until you
were at a safe distance, then swam
ashore and cut straight inland, mean-
ing to turn northward after awhile
and circle the Skraeling army.

  “ But this land must be narrower
than I thought, for I soon struck the
sea on the other side, and have been
following the coast northward ever
since. I hid while a body of Skraelings
passed me just a little while ago, bound
north.”

  “ Nort’ ?” exclaimed Swede inter-
rupting. “No, soutT’

  “What do you mean, south?” de-
manded Scarface. “ If this is the
opposite coast from the one we landed
on, then that direction must be north.”
“ But it ban same coast,” replied
Swede, grinning. “ You ban all
twisted, Yimmy.”

  “ Well, I must be!” ejaculated Scar-
face. “ I’ll bet I wandered around in. a
circle and came back to the same sea I
started from. So that direction is
826

ARGOSY.

south. And the rest of Altoonah's
army is- fighting the Vikings some-
where north ?”

  “ Yah.”

  “ What became of Helga’s boat and
the Vikings who were with her?”
“Vikings all shot up vit machine
gun. Ve took everyting out of the boat
and left it,” explained Swede.

  During all this conversation, Helga
had been studying the handsome,
though scarred, face of the young
gangster. Now she held out one hand
to him with a gracious gesture.

  Jimmy, not knowing just what was
expected of him, dropped on one knee,
took the hand in one of his, and kissed
it. Whether or not it was what was ex-
pected, the action seemed to please the
girl, for she smiled.

  “ Here are your guns,” said Scar-
face. “ Come on, let’s trek north, and
try to get through the Skraeling lines
and join the Vikings.”

  “Boat!” exclaimed Helga, pointing
out to sea.

  Both men followed the direction of
her finger. Far out at sea was a
dragon-prowed ship, with sail furled,
being propelled southward by lusty
rowers, against a light head wind.

  “The fools!” exclaimed Scarface
Jimmy. “ They can’t stand up for a
minute against a machine gun. We
must head them off. Come on!”

WHEN Jimmy had failed to re-
turn to the plateau city, Angus
S e 1 k i r k dispatched another
glider, and not waiting for its report,
at once set out down the Skraeling
trail, with all the remaining available
warriors of the plateau, leaving Nils
Uppri, much against his will, in charge.
Nils might be bishop, arid hence the
nominal ruler of all this realm, but his
extreme youthfulness compelled him to

defer to the judgment of his elders,
even though he outranked them.

  However, as soon as Angus had left,
Nils asserted himself, and evolved what
seemed to him, deprived of the advice
of the one local man who understood
Chicago gangsters and American fire-
arms, to be a first-rate plan, namely,
to sail south in a trading ship which
had just arrived, and engage single-
handed in a naval battle with the
Miami.

  He could not conceive how a hand-
ful of these outlandish Americans, on *
whatever kind of a boat, with what-
ever kind of weapons, could be any
match at all for one of the superb
dragon ships of the Norsemen.

  The Norse ship was fully manned,
so the shortage of warriors on the
plateau would not hamper him in his
undertaking. There were plenty of old
gravbeards to assume the duties of
government in the city which he was
leaving. So he donned his armor,
turned over the reins of government,
and made for the beach. Several of
the women and old men came down
with him, to see him off.

  Thus it was that his sister Astrid,
his beautiful cousin Borghild, and the
little Portuguese minx Theresa, were
all on the beach when the final prepa-
rations were being made for sailing.

  Not a word of Norse did little Terry
understand, but when Borghild point-
ed south and said, “ Yimmy. Bout.
Komm!” she caught the idea, and nod-
ded.

  The group on the beach watched the
stalwart craft row out to sea and turn
southward. Bishop Nils Uppri, from
the stern beside the helmsman, waved
a proud farewell. His people waved
back and cheered, for they loved the
brave bov.

  Then Astrid turned to look for Bor-
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

827

ghild and Theresa, but they were no-
where to be seen; inquiry of all those
who had been on the beach produced
no information, nor even any clews.

  Meanwhile the Viking ship rowed
south with furled sail, the crew taking
turns at rowing and sleeping.

  It was not until eight or ten hours
later that one of the men, in disturb-
ing one of the sleeping-mats, disturbed
also Theresa and Borghild, whom the
mat had served to conceal. The two
were at once haled before the bishop,
who gave them a quite unecclesiastical
dressing-down.

  But he was not as effective as he
might have been. In the first place, he
was too young. In the second place,
Borghild was his cousin, who had
grown up with him from childhood.
And, in the third place, little Terry
couldn’t understand a word of his ti-
rade.

  “ Gee, Your Reverence,” said she,
grinning, “ that don’t mean nothing in
my young life. You’ll have to speak
United States, to get by with me. Yee
forstaar ikka.”

  Which was all the Norse she knew.

NILS didn’t dare turn back, for fear
that Angus might have returned
to the plateau, and might put a
stop to his venture. Nils, as boy bishop,
presented somewhat the same pitiable
figure as King George of England,
begging his prime minister for permis-
sion to pardon Lord Mayor McSwiney,
and being refused—perhaps the most
pathetic occurrence in all the history of
the outer world.

  Accordingly there was nothing for
Nils to do but put up with the pres-
ence of the two girls. Terry’s presence,
at least, did not particularly irk him.
But he couldn’t discriminate, before all
these men, between her and his cousin.

  In due course of time, the dragon
ship of Nils Uppri passed the spot
where the Viking army was slowly
driving south the main body of the
Skraelings; but Nils did not stop, or
even draw near to the shore, for fear
that older and wiser heads among the
Norse warriors might attempt to dis-
suade him from his undertaking. And
thus it was that eventually his barge
hove in sight of Scarface, Swede and
Helga, as already related.

  The attempt of these three to head
him off proved unavailing. They stood
on the promontory and waved and
waved and shouted, but the Viking
barge swept on to the southward, the
lusty song of the rowers drowning the
warning voices.

  The Miami was still in sight not far
away, as it had slowed its engines to
keep pace with the searching skirmish-
line of savages. Presently the watch-
ers on shore saw the Miami sight the
Norse ship, turn around, and advance
to meet it. They held their breaths with
horror at the impending calamity.

  Bravely the dragon ship steered
straight at the Miami, to ram and sink
it, the rowers speeding.up to their fast-
est stroke. But expert as were these
navigators out of the past, they were
no match, in maneuvering, for a motor
yacht, undermanned though it was.

  So the Miami blithely side-stepped
the charge; and, almost before the
Vikings realized what was up, circled
their ship with the deadly machine gun
turned loose. In less than one ammu-
nition-belt, it was all over. The once-
proud Norse craft was drifting leader-
less upon the sea. Nils Uppri had been
one of the first to fall, and not another
Viking stood alive on the dragon ship.

  The watchers on the shore saw the
Miami tie up alongside the barge for
a few minutes, and then cut loose and
828

ARGOSY.

chug south again to rejoin the Skrael-
ings. For Nick had made but a cursory
search of the conquered boat, merely
long enough to slit the throats of any
wounded who showed signs of life, and
to rob the dead of their jewelry and
more ornate weapons and clothing. Of
provisions he had no need, as he was
fully stocked from the loot of Helga’s
ship. And he was not to be diverted,
except temporarily, from his vengeful
search for Swede and Helga.

  Swede’s defection had hampered
him considerably, but he had stationed
Cicero and Friday at the machine gun,
and Charley Loy at the engines. The
Chink might not know anything about
machinery, but he could shift gears in
response to bell-signals from the pilot-
house, and could realize full well that
any monkeying with the engines would
mean his instant demise.

  As the Miami proceeded south once
more, the spoils of war were divided,
and soon every one on board, even in-
cluding Charley Loy, was busy ac-
coutering himself in Norse clothing
and armament. This preoccupation
accounted for their not being quite as
alert as they should have been, during
the important events which immediate-
ly followed.

A SLIGHT shift in the wind slowly
drifted the dragon ship shore-
ward.

  “ Let’s meet her, when she beaches/'
suggested Helga, through Swede as an
interpreter. “ There may still be some
alive on board, who may need our aid.”

  Jimmy assented, and so the three
walked slowly along, still keeping un-
der cover of the bushes, until they came
to the spot toward which the boat was
being borne by the rapidly freshening
wind.

  When it finally bumped upon the

shallows, the three waded furtively out
and climbed on board.

  The mutilated and stripped -bodies
were a sad sight even to the two hard-
ened Chicago gangsters. But to Helga
they were more. Many of them were
old friends and acquaintances. All
were quite, quite dead, thanks either to
American machine gun bullets, or to
the frightful efficiency of the throat-
slashing savages.

  Under directions from the saddened
princess, the two men carried the
bodies, one by one, to the stern and cov-
ered each with a sleeping-mat.

  The sight sobered Scarface Boston
Jimmy, as the realization swept over
him that this was exactly what he him-
self had planned to do. If it had not
been for the defection of his chief lieu-
tenant, Nick the Rat, this crime might
now be on his own head. The real
change in Scarface Boston Jimmy, and
the definite abandonment of his dreams
of empire, dated from that moment—
and was strengthened by his relief and
joy when Theresa and Borghild, un-
scathed, were found cowrering beneath
the pile of sleeping-mats. It was a
heart-warming sight, that reunion of
old friends.

  Borghild flung herself upon Scar-
face, and clung to him, sobbing, “ Yim-
my, Yimmy.”

  Helga raised her eyebrows for a mo-
ment, and then smiled, tolerantly.
Then, because of Borghild’s preoccupa-
tion, Swede introduced Terry to Helga.

  But suddenly Borghild broke away
with a cry, “ Nils, Nils, my cousin Nils.
Where is he ?”

 “Nils? Was he on board?” ex*
claimed Helga and Scarface simultane-
ously, though in different languages.

  “ Sure,” and “ Yah/’ replied Terry
and Borghild.

  And immediately there began a fran%
THE RADIO GUN-RUNNERS.

829

tic search among such corpses as had
not yet been moved. The body of the
boy bishop was soon discovered, lying
in the bow where he had stood, with
a party of boarders, directing the at-
tack. The three women flung them-
selves upon it in tears.

  But Scarface shouted, “ Lay off it!
He may still be alive.”

ELBOWING the frantic women one
side, he examined the body. The
throat had not been slit. No
wounds noticeable anywhere except one
in the temple which smeared the face
with blood.

  Lifting the shirt of chain-mail, the
gangster applied his ear to the chest.

  “He’s not dead!” he shouted.
“ Water! Quick!”

  Theresa brought some at once in one
of the cooking utensils and dashed it
in Nils's face, and soon the blue eyes
of the young Viking opened, stared
v-aguely around, rested on the girl
bending over him, and paused there.

  “ Where am I ?” Nils groaned.

  “ We must get him ashore at once to
safety,” asserted Scarface.

  But, while they had been at work,
the wind had made a complete about-
turn, and they were now a hundred
3rards or more at sea and being rapidly
blown further.

  “ Let’s get up the sail and tack
back,” suggested Jimmy. “ Hey,
Swede, ask Mrs. Redmond and Miss
Hoglund if they know how to hoist it,

and then you help them. Miss Fer-
reira, you stay with the bishop. I’ll
clear away the broken oars, and then
steer. Hurry!”

  It was a rash and mistaken move.
The Viking ship, in its apparently un-
manned condition, might have drifted
out to sea unnoticed; but the moment
the gaudily striped sail began to rise,
their maneuver was instantly sighted
by the distant Miami, which at once
put about, and came after them, full
speed.

  No time now to tack.

  “ We’ve got to run for it, before the
wind,” announced Scarface, grabbing
the steering oar.

  Soon the sail was fully flung to the
offshore breeze, and Swede and the
two Viking girls finished clearing away
the oars, while Scarface steered, and
Theresa soothed and tended Nils.

  The wind grew steadily stronger and
swung to the northward. Its strength-
ening brought the speed of the dragon
ship almost up to that of the craft
which was seeking to overhaul it. But
the shift of wind to the northward
enabled the Miami to follow in a small-
er circle, and thus to overtake it with
great rapidity.

  As the Miami came within rifle
range, those aboard the Viking barge
could see Cicero and Friday busily get-
ting the bow machine gun ready for ac-
tion. In a few minutes its deadly spray
would be spattering upon the fleeing
vessel.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK.
•VtfW

Canny

 Tin Can ” McCann was only one man against the relentless march
 of progress; but, as he Warned the Puget Sound surveyors
 and road-builders, he Was versatile

By LAWRENCE WILLIAM PEDROSE

"HpIN CAN ” McCANN drove his
I skiff in to the shore with long,
quick sweeps of the oars that
revealed great agitation. The tide was
high. He beached the light craft,
dragged it up into the bushes, and,
after stowing away in the stern sheets
a neatly w r a p p e d package for his
neighbor, Timothy Bowers, took his
own sack of groceries and struck off up
the wooded trail toward home.

  McCann and Bowers lived on ad-
joining homesteads, half a mile back
from tidewater on Puget Sound. For
twenty-nine years the old fellows had

been friends. Now they were enemies.
And the trouble had developed from a
trivial bit of innocent raillery. Tim-
othy was proud of his ability as a
gardener, and raised his own vegeta-
bles; McCann preferred to buy what
he needed. McCann had announced he
was thinking of enlarging his cabin.

  “ Gwan,” Timothy had scoffed. “ All
you need is room for a bunk and a
can opener! They ought to call you

4	Tin Can ’ McCann.”

  It was so true that the name had
stuck, to McCann’s discomfort. For
twelve months now the old men had
CANNY.

831

not spoken to each other except on rare
occasions, and they avoided meeting.
Only one bond appeared to remain of
their once beautiful friendship. That
was the skiff. McCann went to the
hamlet of Kingston, five miles distant,
every Saturday morning. If Timothy
needed anything from the store, he
left a note in the boat, and his neigh-
bor would bring the articles from town
and stow them in the skiff, where Tim-
othy could get them at his convenience
—and without conversation.

SO McCann reached home, a cabin
set at the edge of a small clearing
in the timber. After putting away
his groceries, he sat down on the front
step of the dwelling and stared- with
conflicting emotions in the direction of
Timothy’s place.

  At the store he had been advised of
a matter of great importance. A State
highway was projected, connecting the
town with the county seat. The route
followed that of an old State road
w'hich had been built to the edge of
McCann’s homestead on the south, and
to the township line on the north edge
of Bowers’s land. The two men’s
quarter-sections constituted a mile gap
in the old State road, and had to be
crossed to connect the highways. A
legislative appropriation having been
made, a strip of their lands was to be
taken.

  McCann carried an unopened letter
in his pocket, and its arrival just when
the road was projected made him sure
it had a bearing on the matter. In the
package which he had left at the skiff
was a similar missive which the post-
man had given him for Bowers. He
wanted to go over to Tim’s and dis-
cuss the thing which menaced the vir-
gin wilderness in which they dwelled.
But pride forbade.

  True, he might go halfway and at-
tract Bowers with a yell, so they could
meet on the line dividing their proper-
ties—but to set foot upon his neigh-
bor’s place would be compromising.

  The problem was solved by a hail
which came from the edge of the
woods in the direction of the beach
trail. He turned with a quick frown, to
discover Bowers perched on the fence,
summoning him with a peremptory
gesture. McCann got up with a shrug
and strode leisurely toward his neigh-
bor.

  “ What you doin’ on my place,
Tim?” he demanded. “I told you to
keep your blattin’ sheep off my land,
and I don’t make no distinction be-
tween sheep and sheepmen. Any one
who’d bring bangtail muttons into a
grazin’ country and spoil the pasture
for cattle is my idea of a hooman gnat,
mentally and morally. And further-
more—”

  “Oh, dry up!” interjected Bowers.
“ Your cow broke down my fences.
Your horses trampled my berries. But
I didn’t come packin’ a fight. Though
I ain’t totin’ a branch either. I got a
letter from the board of county com-
missioners saying they want to put a
connecting link to their roads across
my place. That’s a fifty-foot strip for
half a mile. They want to take three
acres, more or less, and offer three
hundred dollars. Otherwise thev’ll con-
demn the land and I’ll probably get
around a hundred dollars.”

  “ Well,” glared McCann, “ I got one
of them letters too. What you goin’ to
do about it?”

  “ What you going to do?” countered
Bowers. “ The land’s worth more’n
that. And if improvements come in,
the taxes will go sky-high.”

  “ I’m ag’in’ it,” declared McCann
emphatically. “ You know how those
832

ARGOSY.

things work out. Soon as the high-
way goes through, along will come
loorists, then j’ints sellin’ sody pop, gas
stations, chicken dinner inns and road
houses. Next year we’ll have picnick-
ers scattering trash all over the place
and carryin’ on like hellions in the
*

woods!”

  “ But it would provide us with a
good market for poultry and garden
truck,” argued Bowers. “ And we can’t
expect to live in seclusion here all our
lives. The world is growing. They say
autymobiles have become thicker ’n
horses, and the people have to have
room to exercise them. They can’t find
space for ’em all in the city, so they’re
opening up the country. Maybe this
district will settle tap and we can es-
tablish a town site or something that
’d bring us in lots of money.”

  “ Hrrumph!” g r o w 1 e d McCann. .
“ I’m no miser. I’m not lookin’ for to
make money. I got comfort and a good
livin’. My neighbors ”—this was a
barbed dig—“ leave me alone, mostly.
Let them road builders cut your land
into forty slices, if you want to. But
they’re not goin’ to devastate mine!”

 I THINK I’ll take them up,” con-
cluded Bowers. “ But I thought
I’d let you know. If we don’t
give them the right of way, they’ll
condemn it and take it anyway.”
“They won’t take mine!” flared
McCann. “ I settled on this land, and
it’s mine by thirty years’ right. This
is my home, and my home is my castle.
I’ll defend it with every ounce of my
strength and every drop of my blood.”
Bowers eyed the other anxiously.

  “ You—you wouldn’t get vi’lent?”
he protested. “You know, they’ll go
about it legally. The engineers will
survey it, then the court will condemn
it and serve notice on you. The road

builders will come right along, and if
you oppose them with vi’lence, they’ll
have you arrested and taken to the
county jail. By the time you get out,
the road ’11 be built/’

   A crafty grin appeared on Tin Can
McCann’s face.

   “ I’m versatile,” he said slyly. “ I
ain’t been buckin’ the world for sixty
years for nothin’. Maybe I don’t know
law, but I do know hooman nature. If
they’d make a decent price for the land
*—say a thousand dollars for the three
acres—I’d give it to ’em and welcome.
Then I could go away where pestifer-
ous neighbors and smart lawyers
wouldn’t bother me.”

   “ But you won’t use vi’lence?” pur-
sued Bowers, greatly disturbed.
McCann shook his head.

   “No; I’m versatile, I tell you. But
take my word for it—they won’t cut
up my land unless I get my price!”

   “ You’ll never get it,” sighed Bow-
ers. “You may think you’re canny,
but them slick city fellers will out-
smart you. And remember—if you get
took to jail, don’t come whinin’ for me
to bail you out!”

                        •*

   He swung to the ground and strode
away.

   “ Say,” McCann called angrily after
him, “ any time I want advice or
favors from you, I’ll send you a hand-
engraved invitation! And when I get
.my price for my land, don’t come
achin’ around, sayin’ you wish you’d
had spunk enough to demand your
rights!”

IT came to pass as Bowers had pre-
dicted. Less than a fortnight after
the county officials made their first
overtures, a gang of surveyors was put
to work running a line across Bowers’s
quarter-section, and thence across Tin
Can’s land. The engineers met their

                      7	A
CANNY

833

first obstacle when they reached the
old blaze line separating the two men’s
homesteads. Tin Can had m a d e a
special trip to Kingston. The store-
keeper there had a knack for lettering,
and Tin Can had him make up several
signs. They read:

Danger—Bear Traps!

  But it wasn’t bear traps that Tin
Can bought. He didn’t have the heart
to do that yet. He purchased a dozen
single-spring affairs about the size of
his hand—Number Ones—and toted
them home with the signs.

  He placed the warnings at stra-
tegical points, and waited to see the
effect. The engineers came to the first
sign, and were worried. Several days
were lost before the deception was re-
vealed. They had been going forward
with extreme caution, and it was not
until two of the chain men had gotten
their toes pinched in the miniature
traps that they came to understand the
degree of danger they were facing.

  McCann was undaunted. He had
hardly hoped the surveyors would be
permanently held up by muskrat traps.
He went to town again, and this time
he bought real bear traps. He got six
of them, and they were big brutes.
The engineers decided he meant busi-
ness when they saw him toting them
through the woods.

  “ Hey, old man,” called the head
engineer, running after him, “ you
can’t get away with that! You’re en-
dangering my men when you stick
those things around promiscuously.
Besides, this isn’t bear country!”

  “ The tarnation it ain’t!” retorted
McCann. “ Wait till I catch a few and
show you. I didn't give you fellers
permission to trespass on my property,
and if you value your hides, you’ll get
out of here!”

   8	A

  “ But this right of way is to be con-
demned,” protested the engineer. “ As
soon as I send in my figures on timber,
and so forth, the court will give you a
satisfactory price for the land. Come
on—be a good fellow and don’t hold
us up with any more of these ludicrous
stunts!”

  “ How much do you think I’ll get
for the land, timber and all?” parried
McCann.

  “ Oh, about ten dollars an acre for
the land, and about fifty dollars for
the timber,” smiled the engineer.
“You’re lucky to get anything.”

" “ Humph!” snorted Tin Can. “ This
land’s worth a hundred an acre, and
the timber’s worth two hundred. One
thousand dollars is my price. Now—
cl’ar out!”

  The engineers were at their wits*
end. They decided to match cunning
with cunning, and sent forward their
best woodsmen to watch where the old
man put his traps. Tin Can made a
bold set just before dusk, then left the
trap, circled through the woods, and
came back to watch it from the con-
cealment of a patch of huckleberry
bushes. He saw the enemy steal out of
the brush, uncover the trap and, chor-
tling with glee, carry it away.

  At dawn the following morning he
went to the engineers’ camp, which
was located on Bowers’s quarter-sec-
tion. Routing out the head man, he
told him he had set out quite a large
number of bear traps. The engineer
was exasperated and argued with him.

  “ I’m just givin’ you fair warnin’,”
growled Tin Can. “ I let you think'
you outfoxed me when you lifted that
first trap. But I’ve got lots more, and
they’re scattered cl’ar across my place.
I’m after bear, and I don’t want you
fellers traipsin’ through the woods.
They’re big ones, too, them traps.
834

ARGOSY.

They’d bite off a man’s leg as quick as
a buzz saw. So stay cl’ar!”

HE trudged back home and went
to bed. Later in the day he was
disturbed by some one pounding
upon his cabin door. He got up and
found Timothy Bowers, puffing from
excitement and exertion, standing on
the threshold.

 “ Get out!” McCann shrilled.
“ You’ve lined up with the enemy, and
you’re takin’ your miserable life in
your hands, cornin’ here. I warn you!
I got bear traps scattered everywhere,
and if you or those blattin’, bangtail
sheep of yourn get into them, I won’t
be responsible!”

  “ Oh, look here, Tin Can,” begged
Bowers. “You didn’t set any traps
for me, and I know it. I’ve come to
speak for the engineers. They’re nice
boys. At best, you can only hold them
up for a while. Be reasonable. Let
that road go through, and I’ll assign
to you what I get out of the condem-
nation.”

  “You renegade!” scorned McCann.
“ You go over to the enemy camp and
still expect me to have truck with you?
Didn’t I tell you that when I wranted
your advice I’d send you a hand-
engraved invitation? Them city guys
has my proposition, and when they
come to me with the cold cash, I’ll dig
up them traps—not before. Now go!”

  Bowers went, defeated and angry.

  Again there was a period of stale-
mate. The engineers went out with
their rods and began exploring with
minute care every inch of the way as
they advanced upon Tin Can’s soil. In
three days they had progressed only a.
quarter of the way across the forbid-
den land.

  They found no traps. But there was
no way of determining how many had

been set out or where they might be.
Others might be scattered about in the
Woods to catch the men if they stepped
off the right of way. So great was the
danger, it began to affect the morale of
the gang. The men became furtive,
fearful that at any moment they might
plunge into one of the terrible snares.

  And there was nothing to prevent
Tin Can from sneaking in and putting
other traps in the area that had been
explored and declared safe. It was
only when some of the men quit flatly
that the engineers put their inventive
genius to work.

  One Saturday morning Tin Can
made his customary trip to Kingston,
and found on the dock there two
strange steel monsters which the
steamer from the city had just un-
loaded. While he hung around, two of
the men from the surveyors’ camp ar-
rived and took charge of the contrap-
tions. The men climbed aboard them,
and they went chug-chugging up the
dock and lumbered off into the woods.

  “Tractors,” explained the store-
keeper. “ Caterpillar tractors. Burke,
the engineer, says he’s got you buffa-
loed now, Tin Can. You can’t trap
one of those things. Sorry you’re beat-
en, old boy. I didn’t want that road
to go through any more’n you did—
it ’d take all my trade to the county
seat.”

  “Beaten, am I?” snapped McCann.
“ Why, I ain’t started to fight yet!
That road ’11 go through when I get
my price—not before. Let them run
their lines. You wait till they start
gradin’! And see here, don’t you go
callin’ me Tin Can, either.”

  “You—you won’t use firearms?”
questioned the store man nervously.
“ They’re just laying for you to do
something rash, so they can slap you
in jail!”
CANNY,.

836

  Tin Can laughed grimly. No. I
only put up the obstacles I have a right
to, on my land. But I'm versatile, I
am.”

  “ But after that strip is condemned,”
warned the storekeeper, “ you’ll be the
one who's trespassing 011 it, and any-
thing you do then, they'll hold you
liable.”

  “ When that time comes, they’ll be
hog-tied," grinned McCann. “ Now,
I've got an order I want you to put
through Monday for me, and I'll be
over next day to meet the boat from
town.”

  He gave the store man certain in-
structions, took his usual stock of
groceries, including a small order for
Bowers, and went jauntilv back to his
boat and rowed home.

McCANN watched with more than
a little secret satisfaction the
triumphant invasion of his land
by the surveying gang. The alien crew
chugged back and forth 011 their cater-
pillars in total disregard of any traps
he might have set, churning up the soil
and grinding everything in the way
deep into the ground. The men taunt-
ed him when they saw him near the
right of way, but he took their gibes
good-naturedly.

  “ We’ll see who laughs last!” he re-
torted, when the chief of the gang
called to him and asked him if he had
anything more in his bag of tricks.

  Tuesday he again rowed to Kings-
ton, and returned with ten wooden
cases. Each was stamped:

Stumping Powder
40/6 Dynamite
Handle with Care

  So that the prematurely exulting
surveyors would not learn of his plans,

he waited until darkness fell before he
began carrying his cargo home. He
had plenty of time, and went about the
task leisurely. The first night he took
tw^o boxes home. The following two
nights he carried home four boxes
each night. Then he set about perfect-
ing the next step in his program.

  Behind the cabin lay a pile of tin
cans—the containers which Timothy
Bowers had pointed to with ridicule.
He selected two that were in good
condition. Then he went out into the
woods and cut several small saplings,
which he peeled with his jackknife.
With care he removed the stumping
powder from the boxes. He handled
them fondlv, and there was a reminis-
cent smile on his face. Once, many
years ago, he had wTorked in the mining
camps.

  “ When it comes to powder, Tin Can
knows his stuff,” Timothy Bowers had
often said.

  The waxed brown paper covering
the sticks of powder was dry, so he
took about thirty sticks into the house
and set them alongside the stove. In
half an hour the waxed paper became
streaked with oil, telling that the pow-
der had “ thawed ” and reached its
most combustible stage.

  Satisfied, he carried the sticks out-
side again and fitted them into one of
the tins. Next he opened the ends of
several sticks, drilled holes with a
sharpened piece of wood, and fitted
them with detonation caps and fuse.
Then he carelessly folded dowrn the
top of the tin. The second tin was even
harder to fix.

  The day was over by the time the
job was completed. But he was in no
haste. The surveyors, knowing nothing
of his trump card, had finished run-
ning their lines for the day and de-
parted. The following night he scout-
836

ARGOSY.

ed the length of the survey without
finding a single man on guard. Re-
lieved, he got a shovel and his two in-
fernal machines and went back.

  One of the tins he buried in the right
of way. The other he placed on a
stump in a conspicuous position not
far from the old blaze dividing his and
Bowers’s homesteads. He stuck the
shovel in the ground with artful care-
lessness, then went home and got the
powder boxes. These he took apart,
separating sides from ends, and laid
them in places along the right of way
where they could be instantly seen. To
an observer it would appear that doz-
ens of boxes of explosives had been
relieved of their contents in the vicin-
ity of the right of way. It required no
stretch of the imagination to guess
where the powder had been hidden.

TWO days passed. Then a crew of
men came through and put up
condemnation notices. McCann
received an official-looking letter
through the mail. It was Greek to him;
he could not read.

  He concluded, after a brisk stranger
had dashed up and, asking if he were
Mr. McCann, handed him a formal-
looking document, that ownership of
the right of way had virtually passed
to the hands of the enemy. He
chuckled to himself. Then one morn-
ing a small army of men appeared with
motor-driven machinery, coming from
the direction of Bowers’s place. The
woods became filled with noise. He
knew that the road builders, to speed
up their work, were about to attack the
right of way at several different points.
But the gang had no more than
brought up their machinery than two
excited young engineers came dashing
up to the house.

  “ Hey,” one of them demanded,

“ what's the meaning of all those dyna-
mite boxes lying along the right of
way?”

  “ Nothin',” drawled McCann.
“Just overlooked ’em, I guess. I’m
careless thatawav.”

  The man thrust an accusing finger at
him and held up the tin filled with
thawed powder.

  “ What does this bomb mean?” grit-
ted the engineer.

  “ What would you guess ?” coun-
tered McCann.

  “ Do you know what ’11 happen to
you if you’ve mined that right of
way?” threatened the other. “ That’s
a State road now!”

  “ Wasn’t when I was down there last
with that dynamite,” smiled McCann,
unperturbed. “ I did considerable
work, preparing to break up the sub-
soil. I just happened to get my shots
placed when that strip was taken away
from me. Now you fellers can finish
it.”

  “ But we don’t know wrhere you
placed the mines!” exclaimed the road
builder angrily.

  “Well, go ahead and put your
graders to work—you’ll know soon
enough,” invited Tin Can.

  The engineers were horrified.

  “ Why,” exclaimed the one holding
the bomb, “ this stuff has been thawed
and is in a highly explosive condition.
If a shovel or a scraper-point hit it, the
whole outfit would be blown to bits!”

  “ You never spoke a truer word,
son,” agreed McCann. “ But you
would condemn my land without play-
ing fair with me. Now you boys can
run along and play with your fire-
works. They know at headquarters
where I stand. Just to show you I bear
you boys no ill will, I’ll furnish a nice
grassy plot and a headboard for every
one who finds one of those cans!”
CANNY;

837

  The men went away, distinctly not
comforted or relieved. The construc-
tion gang did no work that day. The
right of way was minutely—and very
cautiously — examined, but Tin Can
had done his work well. An Indian
couldn’t have solved his woodcraft.

  A week sped swiftly. There were nu-
merous callers who came to the cabin,
but McCann refused to admit them.
He would merely make sure that the
visitor was from the road-building
gang, then mutter some excuse and
close the door. Then one afternoon a
portly, middle-aged man of really im-
portant bearing paid a call.

  “ I'm the contractor on this high-
way project,” said the visitor brusque-
ly. “ Now, McCann, I’ve had enough
of your foolishness. You either show
me where those mines are—every last
one of them—or Til have the sheriff
pick you up!”

  “ Then—how would you find the—
—er—things that’s holdin’ up your
job?” grinned McCann.

  The visitor fumed. He threatened
dire things. Then he tried cajolery.
The landowner was not susceptible.

  Finally the contractor calmed down.
“ What *11 you take to remove those
infernal machines?” he asked, drawing
a thick roll of currency from his pock-
et. “ I’ll give you a hundred dollars.”

  “ Not interested,” returned Mc-
Cann shortly. “ I put a price of a
thousand dollars on that strip of land.
I’m the owner, and I’m the one to put
the price on it.”

THE visitor knew he was beaten.
He ground his teeth savagely and
counted out the amount asked.

  “ Lucky for you I’m cleaning up a
chunk on this State job, or I’d see you
in jail first!” he grumbled. “ Here’s

THE

your money—now show me where
those mines are.”

  McCann took the money out to the
barn and concealed it. Then he led the
way down to the right of way and
along it to the point where the survey
line entered his property. He walked
confidently to a small knoll, turned,
got his bearings by squinting between
the trees, and marked the ground with
his heel.

  “ Here’s one,” he said. “ Dig!”

  “ Get a shovel,” ordered the con-
tractor in a tone of authority to which
he was accustomed. “ When you old
scissor-bills get on my jobs, you have
to work!”

  “ I agreed to show you wThere they
were—not to play badger,” McCann
drawled.

  The contractor swore beneath his
breath and called to a laborer. McCann
stood by with folded arms while the
mucker dug carefully down until he
had uncovered the tin planted there.
McCann gestured to the contractor.

  “ Fetch it up,” he said impatiently.

  The contractor glanced at him
sharply, almost with suspicion, then
knelt and picked up the tin. McCann
took it from him and pried up the
cover with his jackknife. Then, with a
wide grin, he extended it at arm's
length. The contractor looked—and
dived into it with his hand.

  Instead of being packed with high-
test stumping powder, the tin proved
to contain row beside row of short
lengths of peeled saplings.

  McCann turned away, shaking with
mirth.

  “ Say,” he called over his shoulder,
“ would you mind telling that neigh-
bor of mine, on your way out, that old
‘ Tin Can ’ is a versatile fellow? He’s
kind of skeptical on that point!”

END.
hi frantic rage the Russian struck Halsey

John Solomon’s Biggest
Game

  Strangest of all Europe’s intrigues was the empire-shaking duel that
  made Paris’s underworld a place of peril for Jimmy Warden

 By H. BEDFORD-JONES

        Author of "Cyrano,” "The Mysterious John Solomonetc.
        LEADING UP TO THIS INSTALLMENT

SIGNOR DOMINETTI, unscrupu-
lous guiding genius of a vast
organization of international
crooks, has clashed many times with
the mysterious cockney, John Solomon,
whose power and organization are
equally secret and incalculable.

  But now Dominetti has struck,
bombing and sniping Solomon’s head-
quarters in all Europe's capitals, and
killing his agents in various “ ac-
cidents.” Solomon marshals his forces
against Dominetti's plot to place the

sinister Grand Duke Basil on the Rus-
sian throne. The cockney induces
Fascist Italy to back another claimant
to the throne, Sergei Romanoff.

  June Tully, en route to Solomon's
headquarters in Paris with the formula
of a mysterious destructive ray, is kid-
naped by Frank Halsey, a Dominetti
agent, but gives a copy of the formula
to James Warden, a young American
ex-diplomat, who takes it to Solomon.

  Later in the “Abode of Bad Spirits,”
an unsavory Parisian night club, War-

This story began in the Argosy for February 15*

                         831
JOHN SOLOMON'S BIGGEST GAME.

839

den and another Solomon agent,North,
outwit Halsey by switching to him a
drugged liqueur intended for June
Tully; and June escapes. The drug, a
concentration of hashish, has the effect
of destroying a person's ability to
evade or lie to questioners. But Domi-
netti’s men—the Russian Glazunoff
and the Jap Matsura—gain their ob-
ject; by capturing and torturing Solo-
mon’s chemist, Pearson, they discover
the key word of the secret formula.

  Meanwhile, Warden has penetrated
Dominetti's Paris headquarters and
obtained a copy of a hidden treaty be-
tween America and Great Britain
which, if published, would plunge
Europe into turmoil. He gives this
document to June, with instructions to
deliver it secretly to the American
Embassy.

  Later he is trapped by the treacher-
ous Inspector Leblanc, of the Surete,
on Dominetti's pay roll. While waiting
for Dominetti he sees Solomon for a
moment, in company with the “ Scor-
pion," a Dominetti man whom War-
den has bribed to take a note to North.

CHAPTER XIII.

AN IMPRISONED ENVOY.

OON approached.

  Since Solomon and his un-
suspecting guide had departed,
James Warden had been sitting there
with no other companion than the
brutish taxi driver, Emile—a man who
talked not at all, grunted when ad-
dressed, and played interminable soli-
taire when he was not reading old
newspapers.

  The shock of seeing John Solomon
here had at first inspired hope in War-
den, but this gradually died away.
Solomon had looked at him and de-

parted without a word or gesture—
probably no less astonished to see War-
den sitting tied to the chair than was
Warden to see him.

  So this was the Scorpion’s sucker
“tourist!” Then, instead of being out
of town, Solomon was hiding in some
little pension near by. Why? And
why had he engaged the Scorpion for
three hours of aimless driving each
morning?

  “Ask me something easy, James,” said
Mr. Warden to himself. “Does John
know that his Scorpion taxi driver is
one of Dominetti's gang? Probably not
—but he knows it now. As North says,
there's no earthly use in trying to ac-
count for anything Solomon does, so
we might as well give it up. And since
he saw me here, he knows I made a
mistake; and that probably settles my
hash so far as he's concerned. He could
send a couple of his Arabs to set me
free, or tip off an agent of the Surete
—but will he?”

  As time drew on, it became sadly
evident that Solomon had done and
would do nothing of the sort. Surely
the little cockney could not be actually
in hiding! Yet so it seemed.

  Noon arrived. The outer room was
filled with men, workmen and chauf-
feurs. Steps sounded, and into the
room came a gentleman who swung
his stick indolently and eyed Warden
with a fleeting smile. It was the man
whom Warden had encountered in the
lounge of the Savoy in London. Emile
came to his feet.

  “ Good day, M. Glazunoff,” he said.
“ Here is your friend, awaiting you.”

  Glazunoff nodded. “ So I see. M.
Warden, this is scarcely a good place
for quiet conversation. I suggest that
you give me your parole to come with
me peaceably, and we shall then not
have to use force.”
840

ARGOSY,

  “To the Boulogne Villa?” asked
Warden.

  “ Exactly.”

  Warden gave his assent. He had, as
a matter of fact, no choice in the affair;
to refuse would only be to make his
position worse. It was not difficult for
him to understand June Tully’s fear
of this man before him—this pallid
creature of unemotional mien and rep-
tilian eyes. The suggestion of in-
humanity about Glazunoff was a clear
enough index to the man’s cold cruelty.

  “ Loose him,” Glazunoff said to
Emile, and paid the latter his wage.
“ Then, while he comes out to the car
with me, keep close with your gun.
Shoot at his first move to get away.”

WARDEN stood up and stretched
leisurely as the ropes fell off.

       Except for his sore head, he
had suffered no ill effects in body.

  “ Parole as far as the villa, then,”
he said cheerfully. “ I hope you have a
good luncheon awaiting me, Glazunoff.
I’m hungry.”

  Glazunoff’s thin lips twisted.

  “ Men don’t complain of our hos-
pitality,” he said with dry significance.
“ A cigarette?”

  “ Thanks.”

  Warden walked out of the place at
Glazunoff’s side. Behind him came
Emile. The big Mercedes was waiting
in the street.

  Solomon’s startling arrival, the mes-
sage to North—these things had given
Warden more hope than he dared ad-
mit. Now, in the open, he sent sharp
glances around. If some one were on
watch, if they knew he was departing
and could trail him to the villa, things
were not, after all, so desperate! Yet
his heart sank as he swept the vicinity.
The two streets were empty. Not a
soul was in sight.

  “Fool!” he told himself as he got
into the car at the bidding of Glazunoff.
“ Fool! Of course nothing’s in sight.
Would North be standing out on the
street corner? If any one’s on. the
watch they’d be under cover.”

  None the less, he knew he had made
a mistake—and he knew Solomon's
calm verdict on those who made mis-
takes. From this moment, he definitely
abandoned hope, so far as any help
from the outside was concerned.

  Glazunoff sat beside him in silence
as the big car whirled out to the
Auteuil gate and along the wide avenue
fringing the old moat. Emile had not
accompanied them. The Russian was
taking no chances—lie kept his hand in
his coat pocket, and watched Warden
narrowly. The latter turned to him, as
they came to the church and swung into
Boulevard Jean Jaures.

  “ With whom am I dealing in this
affair?” asked Warden casually.
“ With you, with Halsey, or with
Dominetti?”

  “ Dominetti is in London,” said
Glazunoff. “ Halsey is in bed—as you
probably know. So it seems that you
are dealing with me.”

  “Good!” Warden smiled, as he met
the unwinking, cold eyes. “ So Halsey’s
in bed, eh? He never knew I had
switched the glasses on him, eh? He
shouldn’t make such mistakes.”
Glazunoff made no response.

  Two minutes later they turned into
the open gates of the Dominetti villa,
and the gates were swung shut as the
car halted. The Russian touched War-
den’s arm.

  “ Let me warn you,” he said quietly,
“ any false motions would be most un-
fortunate for you, M. Warden.”

  “ Thank you,” said the former
diplomat. “ I shall make none, I as-
sure you.”
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

841

  He examined his surroundings with
keen interest, as he alighted and fol-
lowed Glazunoff into the house; the
two men who had opened and closed
the gates came close behind him.

  The gardens were rather large—
graveled paths, a fountain, fruit trees
and a vegetable plot in the rear, the
blank wall of a large apartment house
closing in the opposite side. The house
entrance was upon the gardens—a
small postern gate in the wall gave
access to the street. The house itself
was large, of three stories.

AS he passed into the entrance hall,
^ Warden noted the inner doors,
the holes in floor and ceiling
■whence came steel rods into the doors
when closed—like many such houses
built after the communist troubles, the
place was a regular fortress.

  The hall went on to a large stairway.
On the right was a small salon and a
dining room. On the left were the
kitchens and the library-conservatory,
into which Glazunoff led the way. At
a glance Warden took in the room and
the glass flower-house beyond—the
fine old furniture and portraits, the
large flat desk with its modern appur-
tenances, and the massive black oak
wall cupboard with its shelves of
bottles and tobaccos.

  Glazunoff gestured to the two men
who had followed, and they remained
at the door on guard. Russians, War-
den thought. Going to the desk, Glazu-
noff seated himself, lighted a cigarette,
and glanced over some papers before
him.

  “Make yourself at home, Mr. War-
den/’ he said with dry irony. “ It is a
pleasure to deal with such a man as
you. Here, I assure you, there need be
no fear that the drinks or cigarettes
are drugged. Be comfortable; when I

have disposed of a few details, we shall
take up your affair. Until then, we
need not be unfriendly.”

  “ Perhaps not even then,” said War-
den lightly. This shaft at a venture
drew a sharp, swift glance from the
Russian.

  “No? Well, we shall see. Take the
big chair there, help yourself to drinks
or smokes, and pardon me if I neglect
you for the moment. Ivan! Any report
from M. Halsey?”

  “Asleep, excellency,” said one of
the men at the door.

  “ The Arab who was brought here?”
“ Has refused to talk, excellency.”
The eyes of Glazunoff flashed with
a singular light. A slight color came
into his face, denoting inward passion,
then died into a colder, more vivid pal-
lor. As brown-skinned men turn black
under stress of emotion, this man
turned a more terrible white. He was
on the point of giving some order when
Warden, inexpressibly horrified by the
revelations of this inhuman face, in-
tervened in his quiet, cheerful fashion.

  “Your pardon, Glazunoff—it’s no
use to torture the poor chap, you know.
He’ll not talk, and indeed knows little.
Let me suggest an alternative. On what
point do you wish to interrogate him?”
For an instant the piercing, snaky
eyes bored into Warden.

  “In regard to Mr. Solomon.”

  “ Very well. Let’s dispense with use-
less cruelty. I’ll tell you what I know
about this Solomon, if you’ll pass up
poor Ahmed.”

  Glazunoff nodded. “Very well.”
Taking up his desk telephone, the
Russian put in various calls, referring
from time to time to the papers on his
desk. Nearly all the conversation was
in Russian, of which Warden knew
not a word; a brief talk in Italian re-
vealed nothing of the slightest interest.
842

ARGOSY.

Then came a call for Glazunoff. The
Russian listened frowningly, and his
eyes went to Warden, to whom he put
a brief aside question.

  “Do you know anything about a
man, an American, named Red Far-
row !”

  Warden nodded. “At the Surete, I
believe. At least, I handed him over to
two agents last night. He carried a
large quantity of snow.”

  Glazunoff flashed white teeth in a
smile, spoke into the instrument, then
laid it down, not on its rack, but on
the desk. Rising, he went to the large
oak cupboard, poured himself a drink
and took it back to the desk. He sipped
the drink and eyed Warden apprais-
ingly.

“11 ^Y dear chap, you seem to have
1yj^ made yourself most obnox-
ious,” Glazunoff said pleasant-
ly. “ I, for one, do not quite under-
stand your connection with our busi-
ness. Why, for example, did you send
us word this morning that Miss Tully
was in safety? Why did you so violent-
ly take her from the Savoy in London?
If you are not an agent of the man
Solomon, who are you?”

  “ So far as Miss Tully is concerned,
I'm my own agent,” said Warden. “I
sent that message this morning so
you'd know she had delivered her in-
formation and so you wouldn't issue
further orders to murder her.”

  Glazunoff set his glass down sud-
denly. “Very well conceived! How-
ever, your solicitude was needless. We
have no further interest in her—unless
we except the personal interest of Mr.
Halsey. He is, unfortunately, a stub-
born gentleman where ladies are con-
cerned, so I cannot answer for him.
Was it on her account that you went to
the Abode of Bad Spirits last night?”

  Warden puffed at his cigarette.

  “ Partly, yes,” he responded after a
moment. “I understand that Halsey
was Dominetti’s chief agent here, and
wanted to have a talk with him. In-
stead, I was attacked—therefore, I at-
tacked in turn.”

  “And fell into a pit, eh?”

  “ So it seems.” Warden helped him-
self to a Dubonnet and resumed his
seat.

  “Hm! I understand,” said Glazunoff,
“that you are not an agent of Solo-
mon. Y^et his men serve and aid you,
and you use one of his cars. Suppose
you make your position a trifle clearer,
my friend.”

  “ Gladly. I have been trying to find
Miss Tully. Solomon offered his help.
That is all.”

  “Oh! And this Solomon—where is
he now?”

  The American shrugged. “ How
should I know? He said he was going
out of the city.” As Warden spoke, it
occurred to him that Solomon had
probably expressed the exact truth—
for Auteuil was a suburb, though in
reality a part of Paris.44 His house has
been closed up, I can’t reach him, and
when he’ll return I can’t say.”

  “Your interest in things, then, has
ended—now that Miss Tully is safe?”
“ So far as she’s concerned, yes.”
“Let us see,” resumed Glazunoff.
“You obtained entrance to a certain
room last night. You read a letter half
written there. This morning you took
certain action in regard to what you
had learned. How do you justify this,
Mr. Warden? It was not on Miss
Tully’s behalf that you met Leblanc,
certainly.”

  “Not at all,” agreed Warden cheer-
fully. He still had a card, a trump
card, which might change the whole
course of the game. “Leblanc was
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

843

ordered to remove a certain gentleman,
who was a friend and supporter of
Prince Sergei. Naturally, I had to in-
tervene.”

  “ Eh?” Glazunoff looked astonished.
“ I fail to see the connection. Do you
know Sergei?”

  Warden laughed. “ Of course. How
could I be representing him without
knowing him?”

  “You—representing him?” There
was no doubt about the Russian’s sur-
prise. “ This is most amazing, I must
say. In what way do you represent
him?”

  “ In regard to certain events which
will transpire on the twenty-fifth—in
three days,” returned Warden calmly.
He felt in his pocket and produced his
letter of authorization. “ Your men did
not take my papers, fortunately. Here
is a letter—my credentials.”

BORIS GLAZUNOFF was stupe-
fied for^a moment, evidently. He
took the letter, read it over,
scrutinized the signature, then returned
it.

  “Nobody dreamed this,” he said
slowly, his gaze on Warden. “Sergei
has refused to discuss affairs with any
of us, has refused to consider any
terms. Why, then, should he empower
you to do so?”

w

  “ Ask him that, not me,” said War-
den. “ Perhaps he thought that his
affairs were in such bad shape I could
not do them any harm. At all events,
I’m authorized to discuss terms with
you or with Dominetti—you under-

w	•»

stand, I can deal only with the head of
affairs—and to report those terms to
Sergei.”

  Glazunoff nodded, his eyes nar-
rowed, reflective.

  “Hm! Yes, he’d do it that way,” he
said, a trace of exultation in his voice.

“ Instead of coming here personally,
he’d send you—and save his face. Well,
this somewhat alters my intentions
toward you, Mr. Warden. But—ah!”
He glanced up, suddenly startled.
“You spoke of the twenty-fifth—the
day after to-morrow7. To what do you
refer?”

  Jimmy Warden looked a trifle bored.

  “ Come, come, my dear Glazunoff—
are we such children? Surely we can
lay our cards on the table and play an
open game. Both of us know exactly
what is to transpire here on the
twenty-fifth. Prince Sergei knows it.
John Solomon knows it. I must say
that your Signor Dominetti has hit
some ruthless blows—to the best of
my knowledge, he has practically wiped
out Solomon’s organization, whatever
it was. Sergei doubtless knows this,
also.”

  “ Eh? And is readylo talk terms, is
he?” Glazunoff’s pallid features lighted
up. “ Come, he’s showing sense. Just
how far, Mr. Warden, are you ac-
quainted with the negotiations now'
under way?”

  Warden gave him a curious glance.
Why was the man taking this tone ?

  “Do you prefer being a child, Glazu-
noff? Well, then, be a child. I know all
about your negotiations and your plans
—from your agreement with Baron
Yamanaka to the treaty between Italy,
Great Britain and the LTnited States
which you expect to publish. The ques-
tion is whether you—or, rather, Signor
Dominetti—think it worth while to
deal with Prince Sergei through me, or
not.”

  Somewhat to Warden’s amazement,
the Russian seemed nothing short of
paralyzed by these words. Warden
himself was playing the game, no more.
He had no instructions from Solomon,
and he had no actual right whatever to
844

ARGOSY.

conduct himself as an emissary of
Prince Sergei—except in so far as it
might save his life. In effect, he was
acting absolutely in the dark.

AND now, suddenly, occurred a
^ startling thing. There was no
third party to the conversation;
but, abruptly, a third voice spoke in
the room—a voice which Warden
recognized at once.

  “ Am I to understand, Mr. Warden,
that Sergei is ready to treat with us ?”
Warden started. Then, catching the
peculiar half smile on the face of
Glazunoff, he repressed his astonish-
ment.

  “ I do not talk with persons I cannot
see,” he returned coldly.

  “ You are in no- position to dictate,”
came the response, in the voice of
Dominetti. “ I am speaking from Lon-
don. If it is wcyth while, I shall come
over and see you personally. Is Sergei
ready to treat with us?”

  “Naturally, since I am authorized
to discuss the situation with you.”

  “ And where did you learn of the
treaty you just mentioned?”

  Warden smiled to himself. Pie had
the whip-hand there.

  “ Must I repeat that I prefer to see
with whom I speak?”

  “ Very well. Boris! Hold this man
until I arrive to talk with him. Exert
every effort to locate Solomon; inform
me when you succeed. Matsura is
coming over to-night with certain in-
structions ; give him every cooperation.
That is all.”

  “ Very good,” said Glazunoff, and
put the telephone on its rack. He
looked at Warden and waved his hand.

  “ I understand that our friend Solo-
mon works miracles—well, we make
use of science!” he observed placidly.
“ Hidden microphones, a connection

with the London office, and it is very
simple. Dominetti hears all that trans-
pires in this room, when necessary.”
Warden wondered what Boris would
say did he actually know what sort of
miracles John Solomon worked—but
he did not voice his thoughts.

  “ Very well, then. And what about
luncheon ?” he asked. Glazunoff
laughed a little and rose.

  “Excellent! You consent to be our
guest, then?”

  “ Naturally. My business lies with
Dominetti.”

  “ Understood. And when Sergei
hears about his old friend and backer
being killed, being caught as a forger
of notes—what the devil! Why, the
Prefecture will probably ask Sergei to
leave the country, eh ? He’ll be only too
anxious to come to terms with us. Yes,
yes—very lucky thing you walked into
that trap, my friend! So come, I’ll take
you to your room, and we’ll lunch in
half an hour.”

CHAPTER XIV.

THE YELLOW STREAK.

THOSE who were in Paris last
summer will recall the enormous
tension which prevailed in polit-
ical circles at the time, and the tre-
mendous tide of anti-Italian feeling
that swept over France.

  The rise of the Fascist Italy had for
some years been regarded askance, for
now7 Italy threatened the dominance of
France in European affairs; but with
the various frontier incidents which
had recently taken place, the supposed
activity of Fascist plotters in Paris it-
self swrept the French people into a
frenzy.

  A certain portion of the French
press had for long been violently anti-
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

845

foreign—openlydistrusting the United
States, sneering at American tourists,
demanding that Russian refugees leave
France, and crying for the expulsion
of Italian and other foreign workmen.
The near-crisis provoked in the sum-
mer of 1929 by the low ebb of tourist
money, in consequence of the taxes
and petty annoyances visited upon
tourists, had frightened all France into
treating her visitors with more cour-
tesy; but the rapid succession of out-
rages made her forget all more prac-
tical matters.

  Then came the discovery of the
English scientist, Pearson—the body
found one morning in the Bois, a
Fascist dagger pinning to its ribs the
flaming words: “ Death to all traitors
and enemies of Fascism!” This
aroused not only France, but England;
Downing Street and the Quai d’Orsay
sat upon the wires with stern messages.
In vain did Rome deny all knowledge
of the matter.

  The laboratory where Pearson had

                           j

been working was destroyed by an ex-
plosion and fire—and later, when the
body of Pearson's assistant was recov-
ered, bullets were found in it, and a
pistol bearing the Fascist emblem was
found in the ruins. The Gaulois and
the Quotidien burst out next day with
heated denunciations of Mussolini and
Fascism, and half the French press
followed suit.

  All sorts of rumors ran riot—the
King of Italy had fortified the
Quirinal, the Crown Prince had been
assassinated, Mussolini was concen-
trating an army 011 the French border,
and so forth—all of them unfounded,
but highly exciting to the French
mind.

  It was amid and because of these
circumstances that the great French-
man, Poincare, issued what was un-

doubtedly the noblest document of
modern history—his now famous
“Appeal,” which rang across the world
within a fewr hours. Who does not re-
member those opening sentences of
steel, those clanging words of sheet*
inspiration?

    Fellow citizcns! France does not
  fall to the poniards of conspirators; the
  sword of .our glorious republic is not
  unsheathed against vile rumor. Twelve
  years ago, Italy was fighting beside us.
  Let us remember the brotherhood of
  patriotism ! A passionate love of country
  is the heritage of the ages. Because a
  child makes mistakes, shall the entire
  family be punished? No! Let us be pas-
  sionate for the right, for justice, for
  tolerance—not for hatred and war-
  fare and blind savagery!

  This remarkable document, fol-
lowed as it was by the astonishing
“ open letter ” of another leader,
Briand, held France stupefied, swaying
in the balance, irresolute. And in the
days of hesitation, of doubt, of con-
flicting emotion, the unseen drama that
was to determine the fate of half Eu-
rope was being played to its finish in
the walled villa of Boulogne, and in the
rain-wet streets of Paris.

IN the affairs of men, the accidental
ever plays a large, often a crucial,
role. And in this drama Jimmy
Warden was to take an ever-increasing
part, to the surprise not only of others,
but of himself as well.

  He found his status between that of
prisoner and of guest. The upper por-
tion of the house, once composed of
very large and luxurious bedrooms,
had been cut up into a number of
smaller but very comfortable rooms.
While his window, which overlooked
the garden, was not barred, his door
was locked when he was in the room;
846

ARGOSY

if the American wished to walk in the
garden, it was free to him at all times.
He took his meals with Glazunoff,
catching no sight of Halsey until the
following day at luncheon.

  During this time Warden kept his
eyes open, but learned little that was
new. . A good many men were in or
about the house—two large, placid
Russians who served Glazunoff, the
others apparently all Italian. Then
there was the smiling, spectacled little
Jap, Matsura, who puzzled Warden.
Walking in the garden after dinner,
smoking, the American saw Matsura
arrive, and as he came back into the
house, Glazunoff called him into the
library and introduced him to the
Oriental.

  “ Mr. Matsura, this is Mr. Warden,”
said Boris in flawless English. “ Mr.
Warden is acting for Prince Sergei,
as you may be aware, and until re-
cently has been in the United States
diplomatic corps. Matsura is a sci-
entist, Warden—a real one.”

  The Jap bowed politely. “ Of that,”
he said, “ Mr. Glazunoff should be an
excellent judge! I am most happy to
meet you, Mr. Warden.”

  To tell the truth, Jimmy Warden
was a trifle staggered by this situation.
He did not see Matsura again at once;
but here, in the house of the enemy, in
the midst of a merciless life-and-death
game—to experience such treatment,
such formality! It left him rather up
in the air, but none the less very much
on his guard.

  His meeting with Halsey, however,
quite restored him to balance.

  It was noon of the next day when
they met. Warden was walking in the
garden, waiting for the mess-call, when
he descried the tall figure of Halsey
approaching and recognized the aristo-
cratic, handsome features. They were a

trifle blurred now, as Warden noted
with some satisfaction—the effect of
the drug had not entirely worn off.
Undoubtedly Halsey’s normally acute
brain was a trifle blurred also, although
he came to a halt in palpable recogni-
tion.

  “ Ah — good morning!” he said
pleasantly. “ You’re Warden, eh? I’ve
heard a lot about you.”

  “Yes?” Warden-could not feign
any liking for the man, and did not
try. “ I’ve heard a good deal about
you, too—from Miss Tully and oth-
ers.”

  “Oh!” The dark eyes hardened.
“ Yes, you’re the chap who fancies her,
aren’t you? I’d forgotten that.”

THERE was momentary silence,
ominous silence. Matsura ap-
peared, doubtless to announce
that luncheon was ready. Obviously
work had gone well with him that
morning; he was humming a queer
Japanese air as he came, and was look-
ing very happy—this quiet, spectacled
little brown man, who soon would be
lying there among the flowers!

  Glazunoff appeared on the half-
round steps of the entrance.

  “ Come along, gentlemen!” he
called.

  Still Halsey stood looking at War-
den, then lifted one hand slightly, and
Warden saw that the fingers of this
hand were shaking. Suddenly he
realized that Halsey was in the grip
of a consuming, although not entirely
obvious, passion. A spasm of sheer
fury contracted the man’s face for an
instant.

  “Ah!” he said, as though stifled.
“ You—you—”

  His unspoken words failed. Glazu-
noff, seeing something amiss, was com-
ing toward them.
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

847

  Matsura had halted, staring at the
two men.

  “ Be careful, you cheap crook,” said
Warden quietly. “ She’s where you’ll
not lay your filthy hands on her
again.” #

  Sharp and swift, Halsey’s hand
swooped. A pistol appeared. Warden,
poised, flung himself forward before
the irresolute hand could press trigger.
He gripped Halsey’s wrist with one
hand, while the other swung in a blow
to the stomach.

  The two men went down in a lash-
ing heap. Unleashed, Halsey’s fury
was that of a wild animal; what hap-
pened in this brief moment, Warden
could not tell. The pistol went off in a
smashing, stunning report close to his
head, and in blind anger Warden’s fist
drove in again and again, while he
gripped the pistol-wrist.

  Then, suddenly, men were upon
them, tearing them apart. Glazunoff
was there, screaming harsh inarticu-
late oaths and orders. Warden found
himself scrambling to his feet, two
men hanging to him. He stood quietly,
mastering his anger, staring at the in-
credible scene before him.

  Glazunoff, in frantic rage, was
striking Halsey, whose pistol had been
torn away by one of the Russian serv-
ants. And, at one side, Matsura lay
upon his back, smiling at the sky, his
right arm encircling a bunch of flow-
ers as though pressing them to his dead
breast. That one wild bullet had gone
through his brain, stilling its cleverness
forever.

  After an instant, Glazunoff had him-
self in hand, stepped back. Halsey was
dragged away by two of the men.
Warden was released, and Glazunoff,
after one glance at the body of Mat-
sura, turned to him. The livid features,
the reptilian eyes, were tinged with

madness; yet the man’s voice was
steady and cool.

  “ I saw what happened,” said
Glazunoff. “ Not vour fault, Warden.
Oh, devil take all such fools! Domi-
netti will be furious about this; but
it can’t be helped. Now I’ll have to take
on Matsura’s work, damn it. Come
along to luncheon.”

SO they went into the dining room,
the two of them, and sat at table
in strained and terrible silence, un-
til a beaker of fiery vodka had unloosed
the tongue of Glazunoff and restored
him to himself. Then, cold and dead-
ly, he accompanied Warden to his room
and went on down the corridor to an-
other door; his voice came in icy re-
strained anger, answered by the sulky
tones of Halsev.

  So the matter ended. When, an hour
later, Warden encountered Halsey in
the corridor, the confidence man was
white and shaken, -but passed him
without a look. Warden smiled grimly
to himself; but he did not smile when,
returning to his room, he found a sum-
mons to join Glazunoff in the large
salon below.

  Warden entered the room and found
Glazunoff at the desk. The Russian
beckoned and pointed to the telephone,
which was off the rack; at the same
time he took down the extra extension
receiver and held it to his ear, his gaze
intent upon Warden.

 “ Hello! This is Warden—ah!
Prince Sergei?”

  “Yes, Sergei Romanoff,” came the
voice in French. “ I wish to inform
you, Monsieur Warden, that there is
no longer any question of my continu-
ing the course of action decided upon
at our meeting with M. Solomon. I
wish that you would represent me and
reach some agreement with Grand
848

ARGOSY.

Duke Basil and with Dominetti, along
this line.”

  “ Ask if he’ll come here,” murmured
Glazunoff.

  “ Perhaps you will see Dominetti
yourself?” said Warden, who was
stunned by this intelligence.

  “No, no!” said Sergei sharply. u I
shall leave matters in your hands. You
understand the situation, I have every
confidence in you. I cannot reach M.
Solomon, but I am glad to empower
you to act for me at the meeting which
takes place to-morrow.”

  “Wait!” exclaimed Warden. “You
mean that you withdraw entirely from
your agreement with Solomon?”

  “ Yes,” came the astonishing re-
sponse, in a tone of decision. “ For rea-
sons which I cannot go into now, I
must withdraw. That is to say, if you
can reach terms which seem fitting and
proper to you. That is all.”

  Warden hung up the instrument,
sank into a chair, and bit the end off a
cigar, while Glazunoff watched him
with a glint of triumph in the snaky
eyes.

  Sergei out of it, abandoning his
agreement, refusing to go on with the
plan outlined by Solomon—the plan
which had every chance of making him
master of Russia and a great figure in
history! Why ?

  Then Warden started. How did it
happen that Sergei had telephoned
him here at this house? Only one an-
swer was possible. North had received
the message, Solomon had seen him
there in the chauffeurs’ rendezvous;
Sergei had telephoned to make certain
for them that Warden was here. A
ruse — perhaps. Perhaps! Yet here
were definite instructions, positive or-
ders.

  “ You don't understand it, eh?” said
Glazunoff, laughing lightly.

  Warden regarded him frowningly.
Diplomacy, here; careful words! Cau-
tion was needed now', if ever.

  “ No, I don’t,” he replied, with an
affectation of bluntness. “ I was sup-
posed to make some arrangement with
Dominetti and Basil, if possible, by
which Sergei would throw all his in-
fluence behind Basil and share in the
successful outcome. But now he’s
withdrawn entirely. Why? Why give
up before the fight?”

Glazunoff laughed again,

subtly and deeply amused, it
     seemed.

  “ Well,” he responded lightly, “ for
one thing, Basil doesn’t care to share
his throne with Sergei. For another,
he doesn’t need Sergei’s influence. In
fact, Sergei must be out of the way
entirely—while he and Basil both live,
there can be no agreement. Perhaps
you can convince Dominetti that it
would be better to throw Basil over-
board, and get rid of him, and adopt
Sergei?”

  “ Eh?” Warden flashed the Russian
a keen glance. “ Would that be possi-
ble?”

  Glazunoff shrugged.

  “Ask Dominetti—I can’t say! You
know how much Sergei would give up,
how much he would promise; I don’t.
If he holds to his childish notions
about Russia for the Russians,
what use in talking? But I can tell
you why he’s withdrawn: he’s a cow-
ard. He’s learned about Ivan Vassil-
ovitch being shot, about the forged
notes being found. One of the after-
noon papers is carrying a big story
about the Russian plot to swamp the
market with forged Bank of France
notes, and is charging that Sergei
Romanoff is behind it. The story will
be suppressed, provided Sergei with-

                      8 A
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

849

draws from all further political action.
Sergei got this news, and at once tele-
phoned you. Understand? He’s out of
it entirely.”

  Jimmy Warden scowled. He per-
ceived now that he had known only a
part of the plot—that it went farther,
had more ingenuity behind it, than he
had supposed. No, it was no ruse.
Solomon had hidden himself, Sergei
was in a panic, and had quit.

  “ Damn it!” said Warden angrily.
  Glazunoff chuckled again.

  “ Sorry,” he said ironically. u I'll
give you a tip, Warden. I fancy Domi-
netti would be glad to be able to pre-
sent the meeting to-morrow with a
signed statement on the part of Sergei -
—a statement which could be made
public — agreeing to renounce any
rights to the throne, and to hold aloof
from all political action in future.”
Warden started. “ Sergei would
never sign such an agreement!”

  “ Well, you heard what he just said,
didn’t you? And consider your own
position. I’m giving you something to
work on—a real tip, my friend. Partly
for your sake, partly for my own. Let
us be frank! You are in no position to
dictate to us; make yourself useful,
and it will mean a lot to you. On my
own behalf—”

  Glazunoff paused, blew a thin cloud
of smoke, and gestured toward the
garden.

  “ I do not care to face Dominetti
when he is angry,” he said simply.

“ The death of this Matsura, who was
in charge of certain scientific work,
will infuriate him. I should like to bal-
ance that with unexpected good news.
This little affair with Sergei and Ivan
Vassilovitch happens to be one of my
own pet schemes. It has succeeded; if
Sergei will sign such an agreement as
I have outlined, and it can be laid be-

   9	A

fore the meeting to-morrow—well,
Signor Dominetti will be pleased! He
will arrive in another hour or so, too.”
“ I see,” murmured Warden.

  Out of the mental confusion which
had seized upon him, the American be-
gan to coordinate his thoughts, despair-
ing as they were. He knew well enough
that Glazunoff was trying to use him
as a tool, yet he saw no better way out
of the impasse. And Prince Sergei had
given definite orders—had broken his
agreement with Solomon, was ready
to abandon everything. The streak of
weakness in the man had come to the
top.

  “ All right,” said Warden. “Tell
you what you do, Glazunoff. Write out
what you want Sergei to sign, give the
paper to me. If I reach some agreement
in the matter with Dominetti, I can
take it to Sergei and get his signa-
ture.”

  Glazunoff nodded.

  “ You’ll not be allowed to leave here,
however,” he said, “ until things are
settled. Still, you can always use the
telephone—and we can send him the
paper! lres, a good plan. I’ll do it.”

  So it was agreed.

CHAPTER XV.

DOMINETTI ARRIVES.

JIMMY WARDEN felt an inde-
scribable reluctance to meet Domi-
netti in any battle of wits, or to go
ahead with the course upon which he
had entered. Glazunoff sent him a
typed sheet, in French, then Warden
saw him depart in the Mercedes—
probably to meet Dominetti. But for
a long while Warden sat reading over
those words and realizing what they
meant.

  The paper was a complete abdication
850

ARGOSY/

under most solemn oath, by Sergei—
an abdication of his possible rights to
the throne of all the Russias. Further-
more, not only was it a pledge to ab-
stain from any political action, but it
urged his adherents to give allegiance
to Grand Duke Basil as head of the
family.

  No ruse was possible here. If Sergei
signed this paper, it meant that Glazu-
noff’s clever scheme had succeeded—
he would have completely abandoned
Solomon’s plan and his agreement with
Rome.

  “ We’ll see,” thought Warden, fold-
ing and pocketing the sheet of paper.
“If he signs this, if he throws up a
great project, a daring venture, be-
cause of a momentary panic—then let
him rot! It isn’t signed yet, anyhow.
The whole thing may be framed up
by Solomon to gain time. We’ll see.”

  Boris Glazunoff, meanwhile, was
speeding on his way along the outer
circle of boulevards for the Porte de
la Villette and Le Bourget.

  The big Mercedes hummed along
smoothly, at a high rate of speed. It
might have been mere coincidence that
an enclosed Sunbeam, whose GB li-
cense showed that it belonged across
the Channel, and whose curtains were
drawn, followed the same identical
course but some little distance in the
rear.

  Reaching the Porte, Glazunoff’s
chauffeur alighted. He did not make
the usual pretense of inspecting his
gasoline tank, but darted into the little
cubby occupied by the Douanerie and
came out again, tucking his reentry
ticket into his cap. The Sunbeam was
drawn up directly behind the Merce-
des, and its chauffeur, a yellow man—
possibly Chinese—was at the moment
going in for his ticket.

  During the momentary absence of

Glazunoff’s chauffeur, however, some-
thing had happened.

  Two men had alighted from the
Sunbeam. One of them jerked open the
left-hand door of the Mercedes, while
the other precipitated himself inside
and shoved a pistol against the body of
the unsuspecting Glazunoff. The first
man slammed the door and mounted
into the front seat—the car being, nat-
urally, right-hand drive.

  Thus, when the chauffeur came back
to his place, he looked up, astonished,
to see a yellow man sitting there and
unobtrusively holding a pistol to cover
him.

  “Quickly!” said the Chinese in
French. “Get up! Drive!”

  Helpless, the chauffeur obeyed the
order. Once in his seat, a glance into
his rear-view mirror showed him a sec-
ond man seated beside Glazunoff. The
Mercedes pulled out and went on along
the market-street of La Villette.

INSIDE the car, Dr. Erh Lim Lee
smiled a little as he held his weapon
against Glazunoff*s body.

  “ Don’t take your hands from your
lap, please,” the Chinese diplomat
said in his low-voiced way.

  The Russian looked at Lee with a
sort of contempt.

  “What? You think that you can
get away with a thing like this?”

  “ I seem to be doing it,” and Dr. Lee
smiled grimly. “ I warned you, my
friend! Now, I want that letter back.”
“ Fool!” Glazunoff said disdainfully.
“ Do you think I keep it in my pocket ?
It went long ago to other people, was
translated, will be given to the press
to-morrow night.”

  Lee, rotund and sparkling-eyed,
seemed for a moment aghast.

  “ Impossible!” he exclaimed.

  “ Nothing is impossible,” said Glaz-
JOHN SOLOMON’S BIGGEST GAME.

851

unoff, with a slightly bored air, “ as
you, yourself a man of science, should
know. That letter will be of great in-
terest to French readers.”

  Lee broke into a sudden laugh, soft
and exultant.

  “ Ah, liar!” he retorted. “ You don’t
know what was in the letter, then! You
haven’t had it translated! You aren’t
aware that it contained the contribu-
tion of Chinese laboratories to the ul-
tra-sonic work of Solomon’s chemist
Pearson—which you, certainly, would
never make public!”

  Glazunoff turned livid at this mock-
ery. Lee had pierced his bluff.

  “Well?” he snapped. “End this
foolery.”

  “ I shall,” said Lee. “ The letter is
lost. You read my papers. I can do
nothing; but I can save my face—have
you forgotten that we of the older
world believe in saving face? I can
kill you, and—”

  The Mercedes, over the viaduct, was
purring out along the Le Bourget road,
fields on either side, the gray gleam
of the hangars out on the left and
ahead. The Sunbeam followed at a
little distance. Abruptly, with a twist
of his wrist, the chauffeur spun the
steering wheel, then applied the brakes.

  The big car went into the ditch, came
to an abrupt halt there.

  Lee was flung from the seat, and
Glazunoff fell on top of him, striking.
On the front seat, the Chinese there
was hurled against the windshield; as
he struck, the chauffeur gripped his pis-
tol, tore it way, struck him across the
head. He fell limply.

  The Sunbeam came up alongside,
and the Russian chauffeur covered its
driver with the pistol. After an instant
the left side door of the Mercedes
opened; Glazunoff stepped out, cool
and rather disdainful. The road was

empty, the two cars were alone. The
insistent hum of a machine came from
overhead.

  Glazunoff gave his chauffeur quiet,
swift directions, while the driver of
the Sunbeam, helpless, made no pro-
test. The Russian knew that Dr. Lee
was altogether too big a man to be se-
questered without a large and serious
outcry being raised; something which
was by 110 means to be desired just at
this moment. On the other hand, Glaz-
unoff wanted, and knew that his mas-
ter wanted, certain information.

  The chauffeur dragged out Lee’s un-
conscious tody, bleeding from the
mouth, and hurriedly loaded it into the
Sunbeam. Then, at a command from
Glazunoff, the Sunbeam's driver
turned his car and departed.

  The Chinese whom the chauffeur
had knocked out was now put into the
tonneau of the Mercedes and bound se-
curely, his mouth wrapped with car-
cleaning cloths. Boris Glazunoff
glanced at his watch, and nodded with
a satisfied air.

  “Good work, very good work!” he
told the chauffeur approvingly. “ Go
on to the airdrome and take your time
*—we’re still ahead of the London
plane.”

THE unfortunate yellow man in the
rear of the car was the same who
had come with Dr. Lee to the
Abode of Bad Spirits—beyond doubt,
his chief aide. Glazunoff went through
his pockets and located some papers
and letters; and had excellent cause for
feeling that he had accomplished a very
good day's work. The death of Mat-
sura was doubly compensated for, he
reflected.

  From the window of his room,
which overlooked the garden, Jimmy
Warden beheld the return of the Mer-
852

ARGOSY

cedes. Dominetti and Glazunoff alight-
ed, then a smaller bound figure was
carried out of the car and brought in-
to the house.

  The afternoon was not yet over, and
Warden conjectured that Dominetti’s
first thought would be to interrogate
him; indeed, five minutes later, one of
the Russian servants brought a request
that he come to the salon at once.

  There he found Halsey, Glazunoff,
and Dominetti himself, who occupied
the seat at the desk, and the bound but
no longer gagged figure of Lee's aide—
a rather thin little man, imperturbable,
whose sloe eyes looked out upon the
room blankly enough. Beside the chair
in which the yellow man sat, stood the
two large Russian servants.

  As Warden entered, Dominetti stood
up and extended his hand, smilingly.

  “Ah, Mr. Warden! Our last meet-
ing was one thing—this is another. I
am glad to see you here, and doubly
glad because of your errand. Take a
chair, make yourself comfortable—
and, I warn you, do not interfere. This
man, who is an assassin, must be ques-
tioned—and let me remind you that I

                                                                                         •>

shall not tolerate any intervention.”

  Cold, inhuman, his glittering gray
eyes alive with savage emotion, Do mi-
netti’s words and air belied his surface
appearance of an impeccable gentle-
man. The man fairly radiated energy
and dominating vigor.

  Again, as in London, Warden felt
that miserable sensation of futility, of
helplessness, as he sank into a chair.

  Too, he had the feeling that some-
thing terrible was about to happen,
something from which at all costs he
must hold himself aloof—and in this
he was right.

  Dominetti resumed his seat and fas-
tened his gaze on the unfortunate saf-
fron man.

  “ From the papers found in your
pockets,” he said, his voice metallic and
sharp-edged, “ you are Wu Hong Sze;
is this correct?”

  “ Yes," the prisoner responded in
English.

  “ I have heard of you,” went on
Dominetti. “ You are a graduate of
Chicago ; when Dr. Lee went into pol-
itics, you refused a professorship of
physics at the University of Tokyo in
order to take up Lee’s scientific work,
in acoustics and geophysics. Your dis-
coveries in the way of solutions have
been followed by Glazunoff, here, for
some time.”

  He glanced at the Russian, who nod-
ded. “ Yes. The flocculation of solu-
tions—his apparatus is now in use by
the American Department of Agricul-
ture, I understand.”

  “ You flatter me,” said Wu, irony
in his voice.

  “ Not at all,” replied Dominetti, and
took up a paper from the desk. “ Here
is a letter in Chinese which Dr. Lee
was bringing to Mr. Solomon from
certain of your associates in Nankin.
Will you kindly translate it for us?”

  “ Certainly not,” returned Wu
Hong, calmly.

DOMINETTI laid aside the letter.
“Very well; it has already
been translated, and deals with
the destruction of protoplasm and
blood corpuscles by means of ultra-
sonic waves,” he said. “ Now, I desire
certain information from you. I wish
to know where Dr. Lee is living in
Paris, and when he is going on to the
League conference at Geneva. These
two things. No more. Then you shall
go free.”

  “ I have nothing to say,” Wu Hong
answered.

  Dominetti leaned back, made a sign
JOHN SOLOMON'S BIGGEST GAME.

853

to the two Russians. They leaned over
and seized the arms of the Chinaman,
loosing them from the bonds.

  Next instant, a scream broke from
the unfortunate man as his arms were
twisted around the high back of his
chair. Warden half started up, then
sank back, white-faced, as a pistol in
Halsey’s hand covered him.

  Another scream burst from the tor-
tured lips of Wu Hong—one of his
arms fell, dangling horribly.

  “ These two things, no more/' said
Dominetti. He might have been carved
of stone as he sat there, looking into
the distended eyes of the yellow man.

  “ Nothing,” gasped Wu Hong.

  The word trailed away in a gasp and
a low moan, as his other arm fell,
broken. His saffron features darkened,
his teeth were clenched on his upper
lip, and the blood came from it. But
his staring eyes, fastened upon Domi-
netti, were resolute, unflinching.

  “ Your knives,” said the Italian.

  Warden closed his eyes as the Rus-
sians produced long blades. He sat
there quivering, at each instant dread-
ing to hear another of those terrible
cries of man's agony—but he caught
only a stifled gasp, a groan. He dared
not look to see what was happening.

  “ Bah! Take him away,” came the
voice of Dominetti.

  Sick and faint, Warden looked up
as a broken, crimson-smeared thing
was borne out of the room. Halsey
looked rather white, and brought a
bottle of whisky from the massive cup-
board, with glasses. Glazunoff poured
drinks, and, smiling, brought a glass to
Warden.

  “ Here you are—look as though you
needed it, old chap,” he observed.

  Warden gulped down the whisky
thankfully, and tried to pull himself
together. Dominetti was swinging

around his chair, to face Warden. Had
the man really hoped to extort his in-
formation from Wu Hong—or was
the scene of horror merely a prelude,
deliberately designed to break down
the American?

   Come, come, you must not take
these things so much to heart,'1 said
Dominetti. “ Now, Mr. Warden, let
us put our cards on the table! Here,
take a cigarette and make yourself
comfortable.”

  Warden accepted the cigarette and
lighted it at the match Dominetti held.

  “ You do not, by chance,5* asked the
Italian smoothly, “ know anything
about this Dr. Lee?”

  “ No,” returned Warden. “ I know
nothing about him.”

  Dominetti nodded. “ Probably not.
Before proceeding to your actual busi-
ness—yesterday you mentioned a cer-
tain treaty. May I inquire just how
you learned of this treaty ?”

WARDEN saw Glazunoff watch-
ing him with a half-smile—so,
then! They knew the treaty
had disappeared, knew he must have
taken it. Here the truth, the desperate
truth, must serve him, and nothing else.

  “ I found it in a room of which you
know,” said Warden calmly. “ It
seemed to be the only thing worth tak-
ing—so I took it.”

  “Yes?” Dominetti smiled, and his
voice was very soft. “ And where is
the document now?”

  “ At the American Embassy, I pre-
sume,” said Warden. “ I sent it there
by messenger.”

  There was an instant of startled si-
lence. Halsey appeared to know noth-
ing about the treaty; his manner was
somewhat puzzled, curious.

  Glazunoff, at Warden's words,
caught his breath and sent a half-
854

ARGOSY.

startled glance at Dominetti, as though
in fear. But the Italian's singular gray
eyes did not swerve from Warden, and
displayed no hint of emotion.

  “ You are a more dangerous antag-
onist than I had believed possible, Mr.
Warden/’ he said. “Well, as to the
treaty, let it pass. Now for your own
status. Are you still an antagonist?
Are you working for Solomon?”

  “ No,” said Warden. “ My only in-
terest in this affair has been to get Miss
Tully out of the hands of that dog
Halsey. It was accomplished. Having
been dragged into the business, howr-
ever, I undertook to act as representa-
tive for Prince Sergei.”

  “ And it interested you, eh?” Domi-
netti laughed lightly. “You are no
doubt aware of the agreement between
Sergei and Rome, eh? You know a
great deal?”

  “ Certainly.” Warden wras cool
enough now, perfectly master of him-
self, speaking without hesitation yet
weighing every word before it left his
lips. “ I was informed of all the de-
tails of your own scheme to back Grand
Duke Basil, and I’m aware of the meet-
ing to-morrow.”

  “ Proving that voit are a man to be

      o	•>

trusted,” said Dominetti. “ Good. If
others trust you, I can trust you also—
particularly as you are in my hands.
You came to issue some ultimatum on
the part of Sergei, no doubt; but things
have changed. You are now aware
that Prince Sergei no longer desires
power and glory—all he desires is to
save his own precious skin, eh?”

  “ Yes,” said Warden bitterly.

  He knew what this defection would
mean to Solomon, whose dream had
been a glorious one, and practical
enough to boot—that swift march of
fifty thousand men into the heart of
old Russia!

  “ Yes, blast him!” the American
went on. “ The fool had onlv to use

                                                                           *

what was given him. carry out the
plans made for him—and now his yel-
low streak has smashed everything! He
deserves all he gets. I’ve no sympathy
for him; however, I'll have to act for
him.”

  Dominetti watched him, half-smil-
ing, as he spoke. The sincerity of
Warden was clear enough to all three
other men.

  “ Sympathy, no.” said the Italian
slowly. “ His weakness has astonished
even me, I must confess. I broke down
Solomon’s organization in order that
we might strike at Sergei—but we need
not have uncovered him, perhaps, so
carefully. He was not worth the ef-
fort, eh? Well, fear not. All his life
the man will be haunted by the great
chances he flung away; but I do not
think he will live so verv long.”

               m/	O

  Glazunoff and Halsey exchanged
a glance, but Warden did not observe
it. He was getting out the typed docu-
ment that Glazunoff had prepared for
him, and now he laid it before Domi-
netti.

     LANCE over this,” he said. " I
V I. don't know just what, precisely,
Sergei wants in the way of
terms—I presume in regard to finances
and other things, since his own brother
is paying you a thousand francs a
month hush money.”

  “ Eh ? Eh ?” At this calm thrust,
Dominetti started, and his eyes wid-
ened on Warden. “ You American
devil—who told you that? Sergei him-
self did not know it!”

“I learned it,” and W a r d e n
shrugged carelessly. “ What matter ?”
He could perceive at once that this
trifle had raised him appreciably in the
estimation of the enemy. Irony! If
JOHN SOLOMON'S BIGGEST GAME.

855

only Sergei Romanoff had not that
fatal yellow streak, what might yet
have been accomplished!

  Dominetti returned the paper, beam-
ing’

  “ Excellent,” he stated in his cold
manner. “ I want that paper signed
before witnesses to-night. Suppose you
telephone Sergei now, read it to him,
ask for his consent; then we can send
it over at once to his hotel. The Hotel
de Choiseul, is it not? You can tell him
that in return for his signature I will
obtain a signed document indorsed by
Grand Duke Basil, Prince Seminoff,
and Baron Tondern, the chief leaders
of Basil’s party, agreeing to the fol-
lowing conditions :

  “ Sergei is to be retained in his titles
and estates, upon the recovery of Rus-
sia. As Basil is childless, Sergei is to
be nominated heir to the throne. Until
Russia is recovered, Sergei is to be
given a yearly grant,of fifty thousand
pounds for life, to be paid from the
funds of the late dowager empress.
Satisfactory?”

  Satisfactory, indeed—it was mad-
ness! Even Glazunoff stared at his
chief, startled by such terms. Warden
met the cold eyes, which gave no hint
of what was in the mind of Dominetti.

  “ You will give a guarantee that can-
not be broken? But why?" asked War-
den cautiously. “ You offer a large
price for a signature—”

  “ Which I need,” said Dominetti.
“ Boris, get Sergei on the telephone.”
That there was some trick to it,
Warden was convinced ; yet, if such a
document were given Sergei and were
made public—

  “ Wait a minute,” said Warden
calmly. “ It is understood that Sergei
will receive this abdication at once for
his signature; but he will not return it
signed until I telephone him that the
other document is in my possession,
some time to-morrow—”

  Dominetti laughed. “ You suspect
me? Well, it shall be as you say. No,
my friend—our cards are in sight.”
Warden knew better. That Grand
Duke Basil should recognize Sergei as
his heir, was nothing short of absurd;
the two men were bitter enemies. That
Sergei should be given an annuity of
fifty thousand pounds, was amazing.
Dominetti must want that abdication
very badly, or else had some trick up
his sleeve.

  “ And perhaps he’s doubtful of
Sergei’s good faith,” thought Warden.
“ Well, we’ll soon know about it now
—if Sergei is playing some game, he’ll
refuse to sign that paper. If he’s real-
ly abandoned Solomon and thrown up
the whole thing, like a yellow cur, then
he’ll be glad enough of the terms!”
Two minutes later Warden took up
the telephone and found Sergei on the

                      wire.

TO BE CONCLUDED NEXT WEEK.
The partners stared, aghast at the
meaning of her words

Expiation

Fate had never given too generous a deal to John Hepplewhite
and that day in the bank, the cards seemed
hopelessly stacked against him

By FREDERICK NIVEN

ONE of John Hepplewhite s earli-
est impressions had been the
sight of his mother bent over
the sewing in her lap, and weeping
silently, wordlessly into her cupped
hands; and another was of hiding-
under the table from his father.

  His father’s erratic actions in the
’yard, incomprehensible to the boy—
then—had sent him scuttling indoors
for a hiding place. The father followed
him, whooping incoherencies, and
began to leap like a jumping-jack in
the middle of the room, his nerve con-
trol shattered by the craving for drink
after a protracted bout that had taken
his every cent.

  John’s boyhood was not all like that.
There had been his enjoyment of

music, even casual notes drifting in
through open windows. The neighbors
were kind, too; because of his mother.
And the policeman on their beat was a
big, burly, Irish angel in the boy’s eyes.

  “ Now, see here, sonny,” he said
once. “ I know how it is. Your mother
was gently raised. And she’s fond of
your paw. She don’t want publicity
over all this. Listen: any time your
father goes off it that way, you step
out smartly and tell me. I’ll come into
the house and protect you. But I want
you to understand you mustn’t tell
nobody. We ain’t supposed to go into
any house unless to make an arrest.
It’s ag’in’ orders. So, mind, you
mustn’t tell folks if I slip in that way
just to scare your dad. Get me?”
EXPIATION.

857

   The boy nodded sadly. It was a
 heart-breaking thing to have to listen
 to a policeman, in all kindness, talking
 of putting a scare into his dad; and
 even at eleven years of age he could
 realize it so. Often the policeman
 stood behind the kitchen door, to be
 ready if Jack Hepplewhite’s father, in-
 stead of chasing—or fleeing from—
 * things invisible to others round the
 table, should make an assault on wife
 or son.

   Once, when the ravings were over,
 the officer whispered: “Well, Til get
 along. You’re all right now,” then
 took from a pocket a mouth-organ and
 presented it to the kid. Yes, people
 were kind.

HEPPLEWHITE senior must
have been endowed with a re-
markable constitution, for he
assuredly played ducks and drakes with
it. But when the boy was about
twelve his father disappeared, went out
of their lives. No one knew where he
had gone, but some thought, perhaps,
back to Central America.

   The boy John, leaving school, went
 into a bank as junior clerk. He used
 to try to cheer his mother.

   “ Never mind, mother, don't worry,”
 he would say. “ I’m working now.
 You’ll have a lovely home yet.”

   In a vague, boyish way, Jack came
 to realize that his mother loved his
 father still for the brilliant but weak
 man he had been—long ago, in the
 days before Jack could remember. She
 would smile at her son through the
 tears, when he surprised her weeping;
 would dry her eyes, and force the
 ghost of a laugh for his sake.

   She never told him that her husband
 had absconded with a wad of bills
 from the accounting firm that, in pity
 for her, had kept him in its employ,

despite his periodical “ bats.” The
employers, in a last stroke of kindness,
tried to keep the knowledge of that
embezzlement from her; but somehow
it leaked out. Hence she sewed and
sewed, on into the small hours—always
sewing, to gather together somehow
the amount which Hepplewhite had
taken, and to repay it.

  But the making of the sum was slow.
At last she went, with but a portion of
it, to his former employers. She was
ushered into the room where, at a big
desk-table, were the two partners of
the accounting firm. She was con-
strained before them.

  “ I’ve come,” she said, “ to make a
part payment of the money that—well,
you know what I mean. I’ve been
working to gather it together, but it is
so slow. Perhaps—if—installments—”
she stammered.

  Her intention made them stare at
her. Then thet looked, uncomfort-
ably, across their table, each reading
the eyes of the other; and the elder
spoke:

  “ My dear lady, you will just dis-
miss that thought from your mind. It
is intolerable to me—to us.”

  His partner nodded, blunt with the
embarrassment of a normal man who
has to do a good thing publicly.

  “ Can’t be done. Your money’s no
good here. Now, no more, please!
Forget it!”

  She returned home with a choked
feeling of the kindness in men. The
boy never heard anything of all that.
Mrs. Hepplewhite realized that for one
of his years there had been enough of
shadow over him. But he was glad to
note she tired her eves less over that

                                             *

sewing.

  The years passed with no word of
Hepplewhite. The boy grew into a
young man; the mouth-organ had been
858

ARGOSY

replaced by a violin; and the shadows
of his early years were almost for-
gotten in the earnest plans for his
business future. One day the manager
at the bank called him into his private
room to have a talk with the visiting
inspector.

  “ I've just been hearing about you,”
the inspector said with a swift, shrewd
glance, “your manager gives you a
good name. It’s time you got pro-
motion. We are creating new branches
in territory that is being opened up in
the west. I’d like you to go to
Chelacko as accountant. It will be not
only a step up, but a step toward
another step. It will be an entirely
different sort of banking there—
chiefly mining and lumbering/’

CHELACKO was not by any means
as wild and woolly as Jack had
expected. There were stores with
the same sort of goods as at home
behind their plate-glass windows, even
if the great mountains did look down,
ragged-edged with forests, on all sides;
even if, going home under the arc
lamps from a concert, one could hear,
on autumn nights, coyotes far beyond
the town yelping of the weather’s
change. He found that these new,
little bustling Western towns, dropped
in the midst of wilderness though they
were, offered all up-to-date comforts.
When he was finally settled, his mother,
he decided, could be happy in this land,
where one could “ make friends with-
out half trying.” She could soon have
the comforts her husband’s weakness
had stolen from her.

  He put up his card on the counter:

JOHN HEPPLEWHITE
Accountant

  There all could see it, from the local
lumber king, their star client, to the

dilapidated old man who took the place
of scrub-lady. The manager had his own
home on the hill. But the employees—
accountant, teller, ledger-keeper, junior
clerk—all slept in rooms above the
bank.

  The little bank community looked
upon Jack as a distinct acquisition,
with his violin. Seeing its case among
his belongings, they asked him to pro-
duce it and let them hear. They were
not prepared for what he so whole-
heartedly gave them—for whatever
he did, he did with all his power. He
could truly play. Prospectors in town
for a night, and lumberjacks passing
by, would halt a little while in the street
outside and even sit on the edge of the
sidewalk to listen. Even the shabby
old wreck who cleaned out the office
began to take a long time to get
through with his sweeping and dust-
ing, hoping to hear the music. And
when he had that luck, it was not till
John stopped playing that his quaver-
ing voice would come from below:
“ I’m through, sir.”

  “ Oh, all right,” the new accountant
would say tolerantly, and go down to
see him out and the door again closed.

  There were few people in Chelacko
who cared to do any work with a mop
and a pail. The bank was glad to get
any one; and a poor specimen of hu-
manity it had got, truly, a doddering
fellow with trembling hands and
rheumy eyes. He used to come into
the bank just at the closing hour of
four each day, and then begin empty-
ing the waste-paper baskets. The staff
w7ould put away ledgers, close the safe,
pass upstairs to wash and rest before
going along to the restaurant, at seven
or so for supper.

  This wilted scrub-man, commonly
known as “ old man Smith,” was a
waterlogged derelict, by all appearance.
EXPIATION.

859

The bank boys were distantly sorry for
him, pottering round at his age, with
broom and pail and duster. Few spoke
to him, and seldom did he speak when
not first addressed. But it seemed he
had to speak to John Hepplewhite one
night.

  “ Young man, you can certainly play
the violin,” he quavered. “ I’ve been
through with my work an hour and
just sitting down here listening to you.
Where may you have learned it?”

  “ I mostly taught myself.”

  “ Well, well! Haven’t been where
you could get music instruction?”

  “ Oh, I was in the East in a town
where I could get lessons, but I never
had the price,” and Jack laughed
cheerfully enough.

  “ Oh.” The old man seemed a bit
sobered by that, “ Back East, eh?”

  “ Yes. Norwich.”

  “ Oh. Norwich. And your folks
could not afford to give you the train-
ing. Too bad, too bad. But you’ve
trained yourself. You can play. Maybe
you’ll quit banking some day and go
on the concert platform.”

  Jack made no reply to that.

  “ Your father back East?” asked old
man Smith.

  « Er—no.”

  “Your—mother? She still living?”
  “ Yes. She’s well, thanks.”

  “ Well, well. You’ll be having her
out, I suppose?”

  “ Some day. But I’m to be moved
from here before long. This is just
temporary. I’m only waiting till I see
where they move me to. Then she’ll
come.”

  The son did not recognize his father,
but the father had recognized the son.

  Occasional little talks they used to
have thereafter; and the young man
was glad afterward that he had never
showed by look or innuendo any con-

tempt for the hand-me-down aspect of
the cleaner.

THEN came the affair that proved
that this new West, which had not
displayed itself as so wild and
woolly to Jack Hepplewhite, could be
wild enough, in spots.

  Old man Smith had stepped into the
bank from the street at one minute to
four, with a click of pail on mop
handle. The manager came from his
room, swinging a bunch of keys, and
said: “All right.” The teller opened
the cage. The bookkeeper was ready
with his books at the word of com-
mand.

  The accountant snapped a clip like
a heron’s beak over the gathered
papers on his desk. The junior clerk
covertly removed a copy of “ Jack
Harkaway ” from under his blotter to
his breast pocket. The clock gave that
little warning cough, before the strike.
Everything moved along according to
routine.

  The door opened again. A man
walked in with a handkerchief across
his face, snapped the door shut be-
hind him, and said: “ All hands up!
And speedy!”

  Then suddenly:

  “No reaching for a gun!” he ex-
claimed, and down came his gun hand.
The peppy young ledger-keeper, whose
hands had wavered as they rose, stuck
them up, quite rigid.

  The bandit moved over to his desk
and, his eyes shuttling quickly from
one to another, felt on the shelf under
it, confiscated the revolver that lay
there and of which the ledger-keeper’s
so slight uncertainty in the raising of
his hands had apprised him. He was
as they say, on his toes. He was onto
his job.

  It all happened with great celerity.
860

ARGOSY.

The clock that had clicked its warning
struck four, then.

  “ Get together, some,”, the holdup
man commanded them, in a harsh,
metallic voice. “ Close up there in the
body of the church—and nobody
holler, or I'll just pop you all off like
shelling peas. I’ve a bullet for each of
you in this gatling gun.”

  He gave a quick, sidelong look at
old Smith quivering over his broom,
obviously too frightened to move.
Then he circled to the safe as in some
slow dance, a mocking and sinister
saraband, facing his bunch of
prisoners. With a backward-thrust
hand he rifled the safe, dropping the
little bundles and pouches of cash into
a sack.

  “ No! No waver of your hands.
Lock the fingers together over you, it
helps some. Get busy! Lock ’em—
wThat I say goes!”

  The safe rifled, he circled again,
backing to the teller’s cage. There
was a step up into it, so that the teller
was raised—like the barkeepers of
old—above the level of the clients on
the other side. He stumbled slightly
as he backed in, against the edge of
the step.

  It was not enough of a stumble for
what Jack Hepplewhite attempted to
do.

  As the man stumbled, Jack made
a sudden leap forward and his hand
swirled down into a shelf, down and
out, and there was an automatic in
his hand.

  No, the robber’s stumble was not
bad enough to warrant this life-and-
death gamble. For it is not often a
man goes into that outlawed profession
without practice, any more than into
the legerdemain or conjuring pro-
fession. His hand moved too. His

gun roared, a heavy thud of a sound
in that closed place.

  But the trembling old floor cleaner
had been as quick as his son, or the
bandit. Quicker, indeed. Even as
Jack moved, old man Smith leaped on
the holdup man. He knew—knew
only too well what would follow! He
leaped at the bandit’s arm and made a
thrust to knock it aside, with a desper-
ate cry of: “ Oh, my boy!”

  He did not deflect the six-gun quite
quickly enough. He got the bullet in-
tended for Hepplewhite.

  As he fell the thief’s hand flicked
back, cocking his gun again; but, in
the fraction of time between that and
the throw-down, Jack blazed away.
His was a self-ejecting automatic. He
got in two swTift shots.

  The holdup man crumpled down on
top of the huddled form of the broom-
and-pail failure. And both were dead.

  It was all as swift as that. It was
over. There lay the two bodies, one
atop the other, and there was a
moment’s silence while all the men of
the bank stared, aghast. The clock
ticked on, loud in that hush. The acrid
odor of firing stung their nostrils. All
over.

  The bank authorities later tried to
discover if “ old man Smith ” left any
dependents, with a view to proffering
a pension; but it seemed his affairs
were utterly unknown in Chelacko. It
was in fact, as the manager, in his final
report on that inquiry, remarked:

    He was very uncommunicative. Even
  among the staff, the only person with
  whom he ever exchanged more than a
  word was Mr. Hepplewhite, the ac-
  countant, whose life he saved. And
  Mr. Hepplewhite tells me that Smith
  never spoke to him of any relatives or,
  indeed, of any intimate or personal
  matter at all.

THE END.
 COURTNEY RYLEY COOPER

Author of ** Caged "

I WAS born in Kansas City, Missouri, Oc-
tober 31, 1886, and so, no matter how I
twist it, I’m forty-three now. When I was
fifteen, I ran away from home and joined a
small town repertory company. When that
went broke, I joined another and another and
another, and finally there weren’t any more.
So I hit a black one into Lancaster, Missouri,
and joined the Cook and Barrett Circus as a
clown. That lasted some time.

  Finally, when I was about twenty-one, I
found myself back in Kansas City with a yen
to get into the newspaper business. The city
editor wasn’t looking, so I sneaked in. Being
in constant disgrace as a nice, sweet, cut-to-
the-rut young man, with predictions running
about one hundred to one that I’d land in
the penitentiary, the city editor probably
thought I ought to know a lot about it and
made me a police reporter. From that I soon
graduated to a specialist on crime, covering all
big criminal assignments in Missouri, Kansas,
Iowa and Nebraska. During this time, I
covered thirteen hangings and the sheriff
never once got the right man, and me stand-
ing right there 011 the scaffold every time.

 I also covered some two hundred murder
trials; suicides were a bore. They always
happened when I was trying to sneak away
for an afternoon at the old Century Theater,
where Billy Watson’s Beef Trust was the
knockout of the season.

  About this time, in a fit of aberration, I
wrote a circus story. Somebody bought it.
That gave me an idea, so I went out to Denver
and got a job as the press agent of the Sells
Floto Circus, which had at that time Buffalo
Bill as its star. I was with the show for
five or six years, filling in the winter season
by working 011 the Denver Post, thus combin-
ing the circus and what goes with the news-
paper business.

 And all the time I kept writing circus
stories. Tear and gas bombs had not been
invented then. They couldn’t stop me. The
war came along and again somebody wasn’t
looking; I got into the United States Marines.
One day a commission came along, and since
nobody else was there, I took it for myself.

So then they sent Lieutenant Cooper to
France. But they sent me too late. I fooled
’em and came back. So then the war ended.

  I guess I’ve written for twenty-five or
thirty magazines, mostly of late years for
Collier’s, Saturday Evening Post, Country
Gentleman and Ladies' Home Journal. I have
twenty-one books on the shelf. Four or five
of them have been halfway well known—
“Lions and Tigers and Everything/' “Under
the Big Top,” “Oklahoma,” “Go North,
Young Man,” and so forth.

  And now I’m still writing circus stories and
crime stories and stories about the West and
the North and so forth. I live at Lake Edith,
Idaho Springs, Colorado, but spend a good
part of my time in New York in the winter,
punishing the typewriter. Lake Edith freezes
in October. Why stay at a lake when there
ain’t no fishin’?
The Readers' Viewpoint

AN APPRECIATED TRIBUTE

^HONG the finest letters of com-
mendation we ever received is the
following, from a bishop of the Apos-
tolic Orthodox Church. We felt the
same as the bishop about Theodore
Roscoe’s story and are glad to give it
this public acclaim:

Windsor, Ontario.

  I note that many gentlemen write to you
under the “ Argonotes ” heading giving their
points of view upon the merits of stories con-
tained within your covers. I have never
joined the merry gentlemen who form that
very interesting department, not because I was
unappreciative, but because I am under no
delusions as to my lack of requirements as a
correspondent.

  I have been a constant reader of the Argosy
from the time, twenty-five years ago, when
it used to appear in its everlasting orange
covers, through the changes of a generation
to the present day. And I have found it a
source of relief and mental rest through many
a weary hour and trying time, and its material
has always been maintained upon such a good
all-around standard that one accepted it with-
out comment.

  But I happened upon a story in the Decem-
ber 28 issue, by Mr. Theodore Roscoe, “ Hard-
Boiled Cayhill’s Christmas Eve Party,” that
impelled me to pen a few lines of commenda-
tion. You have probably had before, and will
have again, stories of more grand and thun-
dering quality, but by no manner of means
will another ever be written that so sounds
the depths of humanity upon the better side;
the effect of the true spirit of Christmas upon
all kinds and conditions of men.

  As I read it again and again, the whole
of that scene in the German dugout visualized
itself before me; the little cake upon the
plank board—oh, how much it meant to those
who sent it! The lone bottle of wine; the
boy soldiers—but why go on? The men, the
Bread, the Wine, the candles, the Christmas
tree. Unconsciously or otherwise (and I
doubt the former), Mr. Roscoe has in that
little scene drawn a picture of the whole
life of the Master, the Birth and the Death—

and the world He saved and the men He re-
deemed.

  We in the Greek Orthodox Church, espe-
cially in the English branch, which is uniting
all the Russians, Roumanians, Jugo-Slavs and
others into Canadians or Americans, have, on
a milder scale, met many a scene like this.
Little festivities which have brought together
Roumanian or Bulgar and made them forget
Dobrudja; Hungarian and Jugo-Slav, and
erased memories bitter of the Banat; and many
another ancestral hate even as the “ Silent
Night” of the German youth erased the bit-
terness from the mind of Hard-Boiled Cayhill.

  As I have remarked, I am not of the sub-
stance of which authors are made, and there-
fore perhaps as a critic am not very convinc-
ing. But I did not come to criticize, but simply
to express my pleasure and joy in a little
story, short but saying something in every
word, a story full of manliness, but unutterably
sweet and tender. Mere comment can never
bring out what lies in it, but he who reads can-
not fail to be uplifted in spirit by this creation
of Mr. Roscoe, so noble, yet so kind.

  With all good wishes and blessings 1 am
    Your servant in Christ,

  Rt. Rev. William S. Hammond, D. D.,
      Bishop, Apostolic Orthodox Church.

J^OSCOE'S stories .have been bring-
ing him many fine letters lately,
but sometimes without addresses. He
asks us to print the following reply to
a good letter which came without ad-
dress :

               St. Catharines, Ontario, Can.
My Dear M. R. S.:

  Thank you very much for your most in-
teresting letter; sorry you didn’t amend an
address so it could have been answered more
thoroughly. Coincidental about your father
—that he should have undergone an experi-
ence somewhat similar to that of my character
Thibaut Cot day in “ An Eye For An Eye.”
Sometimes fiction isn't so fictitious after all.
The “ palm trees outlined against the moon;
the tinkle of caravan bells; the jingle of
golden anklets ” is great stuff, isn't it ? And
I’d like to put that dancing girl you mention

162
ARGONOTES.

863

into a yarn, if you and Argosy don’t mind.
We’re very glad you like the stories.

                    Hazrat salaam at!

Theodore Roscoe.

D

FACT IS THIS

ID you like “ Beans for Back-
bone,” by Richard A. Martinsen,
in this issue? If you found it realistic,
there is a reason—as Mr. Martinsen
explains:

  It may interest the readers of my story,
“ Beans for Backbone/' to know that the yarn
isn’t half so much fiction as fact. The gen-
eral run of melodramatic “ Mountie ” fiction
gives me a chuckle, since the actual achieve-
ments of the Northwest Mounted (now of-
ficially the Royal Canadian Mounted), have
the most ingenious plots imagination could
concoct stopped both ways from the jack.

  “ Beans for Backbone,” for instance, really
isn’t a “ story ” ; it’s pointblank history. About
all I personally have contributed are a few
excerpts of dialogue. And it’s only one of
the gallant deeds with which the record of this
splendid force teems.

Richard A. Martinsen.

A

NOTHER natural bridge in Flori-
da this reader calls to our at-
tention :

Miami, Fla.

  I notice an article in your Argosy of March
30, 1929, entitled “Florida’s Natural Bridge.”
Florida has more than one, it appears.
About seven or eight miles north of Miami,
there is a beautiful natural bridge spanning a
small stream called Arch Creek. This is lo-
cated at a small town also called Arch Creek.
The scenery at this point is beautiful.

  This bridge differs from the one in north-
western Florida, inasmuch as it is very much
visited. It is on one of the main highways,
leading north from Miami.

Alma B. Kloppel.

jsjow

r for a few favorite authors:

Los Angeles, Cal.

  My favorite author is John H. Thompson.
His short stories are both snappy and re-
freshing.

  Next comes Fred Maclsaac, whose novels
are his nominating vote. H. Bedford-Jones
has placed himself third with his novel,
“ Cyrano.”

YV. Wirt is entitled to fourth place by rea-

son of his good though bloody stories, while
F. R. Buckley, J. E. Grinstead and Kenneth
Perkins are tied for fifth. George F. Worts
and Ray Cummings come next, closely fol-
lowed by Eugene Cunningham, Loring Brent
and Bertrand L. Shurtleff. All in all, Argosy
is perfect.

  The best stories of the past year are: “Cy-
rano,” “ Beyond the Law,” “ The Mental Mar-
vel,” “ The Raider,” “ The Spectral Passenger,”
“ Phantom in the Rainbow,” “ The Sea Girl "
and “ He Rules Who Can.”

  Thank you for a most enjoyable book.

Fred C. Vogel.

^ERTAINLY these impossible story
   fans are enthusiastic:

Portland, Ore.

  I have been reading the Argosy for quite
some time and want to thank you for the
splendid array of stories that you have had
in the past.

  The impossible stories are all good, although
some are better then others. Who knows but
what these authors are but giving us a look
into what future years of study and science
will give to us?

  Among my favorite authors are: Francis
Lynde, Don YVaters, Erie Stanley Gardner,
Fred Maclsaac and Ray Cummings.

  In the last issues, “ Maza of the Moon ” is
about the outstanding serial, although “ Run,
Dan, Run !” was a mighty good story.

  Thanks for many an interesting hour of
reading during the past year and will look
forward to many more next year.

Donald Laird.

TWO ingenious defenses this reader
makes for the five nines that got
into Robert Terry Shannon’s poker
deck in “ Almost a Gentleman ”:

Elmira, N. Y.

  Have been a contented reader of your maga-
zine for a long time and never have had any
fault to find. I am taking this opportunity
to come to the defense of Robert Terry
Shannon in his story, “ Almost a Gentleman ”

  If the poker game had been played with
the “ joker wild ” as it is sometimes done,
five nines could have shown up during the
play. Incidentally I sat in a game one night,
using a brand new deck of good make, and
saw five natural “eights” appear in the first
showdown. The eight of hearts had been
duplicated.

Fricd Reynolds, i
864

'ARGOSY.

HE*? is a convert to the " impos-
sibles/' Incidentally, Edgar Frank-
lin is now on the schedule with a
serial for a few months from now:

                               Fresno, Cal.
Some time ago, when I told you I didn’t
like the “ impossible ” type of story, I hadn’t
seen “ Planet of Peril,” “ The Girl in the
Atom ” and “ Maza of the Moon/’ just started.
I surely enjoyed all of these impossible ones,
so let them come ahead.

  Along with the others, I was delighted to
see the railroad serial, “ A Road at Stake,"
and I, too, bid a hearty welcome to the return
of the Railroad Man’s Magazine,

  There is, however, one type of story you
haven’t served us for some time, and that is
the comedy serial. I still remember the en-
joyment I got reading “What Was That?”
by Edgar Franklin, also “ Anything Goes,” by
the same author.

  I am sure that there are many hundreds of
us that would welcome a comedy serial of
six or eight parts, with a laugh packed in
every paragraph. We get too few laughs,
at any rate, so I hope you can get the funny
writers to produce something that will raise
the average.

O. E. Dennison.

YOUR CHOICE COUPON

Editor, Argosy,

  280 Broadway, N. Y. C., N. Y.

  The stories I like best in this
issue of the magazine are as fol-
lows :

1____________

 •2

 a ■ ■ a	•••

   I	did not like..

because._______________

 N ame.......

Street.....~................

City______________...

I City.„

Cww

                     .......S tate

8-15

Looking Ahead J

CHARLES ALDEN SELTZER

comes back again with
              his latest novel

 Gone North

   A great story of the Canadian North Country—
   replete with action and thrills

f

THEODORE ROSCOE

gives us a colorful complete novelette of
stirring adventure in far-off Cambodia—

The Blue Cat of Buddha

ERLE STANLEY GARDNER

contributes another of his curious “whis-
pering '* stories—right from the desert—

Fall Guy

COMING TO YOU IN THE ARGOSY OF MARCH 22nd

 1

9 A
rtiy

V b.

JOT .......................—* _	P' . ■ m

Society Girl Wants

A New Name

through the greater part of It and
are about to enter upop a more or less |
prolonged period of quiescence, pre-
p^ratory to a recovery.

’* The causes of the depression are
iinivp.mal character, namely.

 Give This Girl a Name

This popular and beautiful society girl has been chosen to
sponsor a line of nationally sold Beauty Preparations. Be-
cause of her social position she must use another name.
Suggest a winning name for her—n first and last name—
and win a cash prize. Just some simple name that is easy
to say and easy to remember.

Social Position Demands Change In Name As
Popular Beauty’s Photo Appears In
National Advertising

CINCINNATI. Ohio	I	A

life mill J>ai/

$250.00

Just for a Girl's Name

COSTS NOTHING TO WIN

Nothing to Buy —Nothing to Sell—No Puzzles, "Lucky

Numbers"or"Guessing Contests" to Win This Cash Prize

JUST SUGGEST A GIRL'S NAME

       Here's an amazing opportunity to win a big cash prize for just a
 moments time. Simply send us a name for this beautifulsociety girl—
 a name that you think would sound nice in a Magazine advertise-
 ment. We have chosen this society girl to sponsor a new line of
 Beauty Preparations. Her picture will appear in our advertisements.
 But because of her social position she cannot use her real name. We
 are going to pay a big cash prize just fora winning name. Think of
 a name—send it to us TO DAY—Win $250.00 cash and qualify for
 an opportunity to win further prizes of S2,600.00 or Buick 8 Cylinder
 Sedan and $1,100.00 Cash for promptness in the simple way we show
 you. See rules below.

YOU CAN'T LOSE

 Nothing to lose—costs nothing to win. It is easy to think of a name;
 Some name that may flash in,to your mind this very instant may win
 the prize. Just some simple name like Helen Miller or Mary Lee may
 be chosen as the prize winner. Don’t let this opportunity slip through
 your fingers. Think of a name NOW—send it TODAY.

JUST SENDING A NAME QUALIFIES YOU FOR OPPORTUNITY TO

Win $2,GOO.00 or Buick 8 Sedan

           //^$l,IOO.°%rPromptne$$ NAMING CONTEST RULES

  This huge prize is Extra and in addition to the cash prize for
the Society Girl’s name. No wonder we say that here is your
opportunity to win a fortune. Think of itl $2,600.00 all cash or
a big Buick 8 cylinder Sedan and $1,100.00 in cash besides—all
coming to you at oncel Many work a lifetime without ever get-
ting together such a magnificent sum. Hundreds of prizes—over
$4,300.00 in cash will be given in this huge prize distribution.
Some yet unknown person is going to win a fortune—why not
you? You have just as good a chance as anyone. Every single
person who takes an active part will be rewarded in cash. Just send
a name suggestion to qualify for this opportunity of a lifetime—
nothing more to do to qualify. But act at once—remember
$1,100.00 Extra is given for promptness.

CCKIH KJ A MAKIKTY You don’t have to send any
5bIML> IMVJ lYIUIMbT money, you don’t have to buy
anything or sell anything to win the Name Prize. Just send the
first name you think of—it may be a winner—it has just as
good a chance as any. But do it NOW! Rush letter with name
suggestion or send coupon at once. I will answer at once giving
you all the details and telling you just how you stand in the
distribution of $4,300.00 cash prizes. Here may be the means of
making you financially independent for life.

TED ADAMS, Manager

906 Sycamore St.	Dept. 915-H H	Cincinnati, Ohio

  Contest open to everyone except employees
of our company. Only one name may be sub-
mitted. Sending more than one name will cause
all names sent by you to be thrown out. Prize
of $250.00 will be awarded to one name of all
those submitted. In case of duplicate winning
names, duplicate prizes will be given. Contest
closes October 15, 1931. Every person sending
name qualifies for opportunity to win $2,600.00
or Buick 8 Sedan and $1,100.00 cash for prompt-
ness. Use the coupon or write letter for all details.

TED ADAMS, Manager

906 Sycamore St., Dept. 915-H H. Cincinnati, Ohio

My suggestion for the Society Girl’s Name is:....

My Name....................................

Address......................................

City......................State..............

   I am interested in winning $2,600.00. Rush me all
information and tell me how I stand.
Of course Camels are milder

        they’re Fresh:

Have you noticed how women every-
where are switching to the fresh mild-
ness of Camels? Always a great favorite
with the ladies, this famous blend is more
popular now than ever, since the intro-
duction of the new Humidor Pack.

  If you need to be convinced, make this
simple test yourself between a humidor
fresh Camel and any other cigarette:

  First, inhale the cool fragrant smoke
of a perfectly conditioned Camel and
note how easy it is to the throat.

Next, inhale the hot, brackish smoke of
a parched dry cigarette and feel that sharp
stinging sensation on the membrane.

  The air-sealed Humidor Pack keeps
all the rare flavor and aroma in and pre-
vents the precious natural tobacco mois-
ture from drying out. Important too,
it protects the cigarette from dust and
germs.

  Switch to Camel freshness and mild-
ness for one whole day, then leave them
— if you can.

0 It is the mark of a considerate hostess,
    by means of the Humidor Pack, to
    "Serveafresh cigarette. ’’Buy Camels
    by the carton — this cigarette will
    remain fresh in your home and office

Camels

) 1931, R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-Salem, N. C.