Argosy Weekly
Canada W

MAR. 8

Ride to Adventure on the     1   
                        Midnight Train  
                         L.G.BLOCHMAN               
                  Watch Out for Trouble with
                       Jeopardy's Jewel             
                       H. BEDFORD JONES             
                •                                   
Find America's Salvation on the     
Long Road to Tomorrow          
ARTHUR LEO ZAGAT             

E. HOFFMANN PR'CE               1   
                          
 Coming I 16 More Pages
March 5th I L^RGER TYPE

                           March 15th Issue

           Him................ii run

CLAIMED

a novel of fantastic adventure by

    FRANCIS STEVENS

            Can objects carry the aura of their original
            surroundings with them to haunt the modern
            world with a ghostly past? Was the strange
            emerald-like box owned by an eccentric mil-
            lionaire really connected with the worship of
            the ancient God of the Sea? Had this odd box
            any relation to the horror that threatened all
            connected with its owner?

             Learn the answers in one of the most exciting

                                                                                       t

                   fantastic stories ever published—in

   FAMOUS

 FANTASTIC

  MYSTERIES

       April Issue Now on Sale

    DON'T MISS IT!

            10e

I—
<o^GC^
a*

W you’re that man, here’s something
I M that will interest you.

          Not a. magic formula—not a get-
rich-quick scheme—but something more
substantial, more practical.

Of course, you yourself need something
more than just the ambition to be an ac-
countant. You’ve got to pay the price—-be
willing to study earnestly, thoroughly.

Still, wouldn’t it be worth your while to
sacrifice some of your leisure in favor of
interesting home study—over a compara-
tively brief period in your life? Always pro-
vided that the rewards were good—a salary
of $2,000 to $10,000?

Think of the thrill of cashing a good sized
salary' check! Of building a modern home! Of
cruising about town in a new car! Of swelling
your bank account!

Those are everyday events in the life of
many an accountant—who, mind you, doesn’t
have to kill himself with work to afford
them. His duties are interesting, varied and
of real worth to his employers. He has
standing!

Do you feel that such things aren’t for
you? Well, don’t be too sure. Very possibly
they can be!

Why not, like so many before you, inves-
tigate LaSalle’s modern Problem Method

of training for an accountancy position?

  Instantly you’ll appreciate its merits.
You’ll realize it’s practical and thorough.
Yet it’s not expensive—considering time re-
quired and results gained.

  Just suppose you were permitted to work
in a large accounting house under the personal
supervision of an expert accountant. Sup-
pose, with his aid, you studied accounting
principles and solved problems day by day—
easy ones at first—then the more difficult
ones. If you could do this—and if you could
turn to him for advice as the problems be-
came complex—soon you’d master them all.

  That’s the training you follow in principle
under the LaSalle Problem Method.

  However, under LaSalle the training is
much broader. You learn more than one ac-
countant usually could teach. At LaSalle
there’s a staff of experienced specialists to
guide you. You get the benefit of their com-
bined experience.

  You cover accountancy from the basic
Principles right up through Accountancy
Systems and Income Tax Procedure. Then
you add C. P. A. Training and prepare for the
C. P. A. examinations. As you go along, you
absorb the principles of Auditing, Cost ^
Accounting, Business Law, Statistical^ x *
Control,Organization,Manage-

Your progress Is as speedy as you care to
make it—depending on your own eagerness
to learn and the time you spend in study.

  Will recognition come ? The only'answer, as
you know, is that success does come to the
man who is rtdWy trained. It’s possible your
employers will notice your improvement in a
very few weeks or months. Indeed, many
LaSalle graduates have paid for their train-
ing—with increased earnings—before they
have completed it! For accountants, who
are trained in organization and management,
are the executives of the future.

  As experts in finance, accountants inter-
pret future trends through their ability to
analyze past records. They advise on how
much a business may spend for sales promo-
tion or expansion. Because they’re familiar
with business law, they know the tangles of
taxation. A trained accountant can really
“go places!”

ment and Finance.

,C&

Write For This Free Book

        For your own good, don’t put off investi-
 gation of all the facts. Write for our free 48-
 page book,“Accountancy,The ProfessionThat
 Pays.” It’ll prove that accountancy offers
 , * * v brilliant futures to those who aren’t'
 v afraid of serious home study.
 ^Oi	vv ^end us the coupon now.

             Send for this	_
             FREE BOOK d&'t

Argosy—March !

9
America’s Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine

   Looking
     Ahead!

MURDER GOES TO SEA

The killer is there among them as the
V.S.S. Consolation stands out to sea
on her fantastic double errand: to
rescue sailors from a pig-boat coffin,
and to be a courtroom for crime. But
one killing isn’t enough. ... A new
kind of Navy story, about life on our
hospital ships—and the beginning of
a grand novel by

  ALLAN R. BOSWORTH

HIS HONOR IS MISSING

The mayor was hanging from a nine-
teenth-century bedpost in Binghamton,
New York; only he had shaved his
beard and after a while they said it
wasn’t the mayor at all. But his whis-
kers came back one pitch-stormy night,
seventy years later, to guard a jewel
and scare two nice young people half
to death. A magnificent short novel in
the best roaring manner of your old
favorite,

THEODORE ROSCOE

BAIT FOR THE BIG
HOOK

You remember Pop, proprietor of
Mathilda the porpoise? Here he is
again, with a terrible duty on his hands
—the task of saving a man from his
nightmare. A remarkable short story
by

RICHARD SALE

Coming in next week’s
Argosy—March 15

 Volume 306

CONTENTS FOR MARCH 8, 1941

 Number 2

Midnight Train—Novelet...................L. G. Blochman 6

“Sixth Avenue Sense,” the New York cops call it; but in India
they call it the life of O'Reilly

Jeopardy’s Jewel—Short Story.............H. Bedford-Jones 13

It is a gleaming opal, and it casts its unique peril on a dreamer
who would be king

Long Road to Tomorrow—Second of four parts. Arthur Leo Zagat 18

Without a word to the Bunch, Dikar will leave tonight—for
almost certain death

Seven Isn’t Lucky—Novelet...............E. Hoffmann Price 24

For in Chinatown it’s the brand of Mr. Traitor; and only
Nureddin Ali would dare to tamper with the current of Oriental
destiny

Gunswift—Fourth of seven parts................Jack Byrne 32

Throw another ace on the fire, Gentry. A hatband will do

A Soldier Too Long—Short Story............. . .R. W. Daly 39

A small moment in the Civil War; a moment long enough to
permit decency and glory

Farewell to the Indies—Conclusion.............Borden Chase 43

The morning sky is red, sailors: and red is Flanagans color. So
chart the course for battle

Legends of the Legionaries—Picture Feature.....W. A. Windas 48

Lexicon of the Fighting Men

Announcement......................................................................12

Argonotes........................................................................................49

Looking Ahead!............................................................4

This magazine is on sale every Wednesday

-A RED STAR Magazine—

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, NEW YORK, N. Y.
WILLIAM T. DEWART, President & Treasurer	WILLIAM T. DEWART, JR., Secretary

                           PARIS: HACHETTE & C1E, 111 Rue R6aumur
LONDON: THE CONTINENTAL PUBLISHERS & DISTRIBUTORS. LTD., 3 La Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill,
London, E. C. 4 Copyright, 1941, by Frank A. Munsey Company. Published weekly. Single copies 10c; Canada 12c.’
By the year $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba; Canada, $6.00. Other countries, $7.00!
Currency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postai
money order. Entered as second class matter November 28, 1896 at the poet office, New York, N. Y., under the Act
of March 3, 1879. The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright and must not be reprinted without
ihe publisher’s permission. Title registered in U. S. Patent Office. Copyright in Great Britain. Printed in U. S. A.
Manuscripts submitted to this magazine should be accompanied by sufficient postage for their return if found unavailable.
The publisher can accept no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts.

■------------ =zOther RED STAR Magazines	-

FANTASTIC NOVELS f RED STAR MYSTERY . FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES . RED STAR AD-
VENTURES , CRACK-SHOT WESTERN . DETECTIVE FICTION WEEKLY . CONFESSION NOVEL OF
THE MONTH . SILVER BUCK WESTERN . RED STAB LOVE REVELATIONS . RED STAR SECRET
CONFESSIONS . DOUBLE DETECTIVE . ALL-STORY LOVE MAGAZINE . BIG CHIEF WESTERN . LOVE
NOVEL OF THE MONTH t RAILROAD MAGAZINE , FIFTH COLUMN STORIES , SEA NOVEL MAGAZINE
N

worm s Greatest Collection of
Strange & Secret Photographs

     OW you can travel round the world with the
  most daring adventurers. You can see with
  your own eyes the weirdest peoples on earth. You
  witness the strangest customs of the red, white,
  brown, black and yellow races. You attend their
  startling rites, their mysterious practices. They
  are all assembled for you in these five great vol-
  umes of The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND.

600 LARGE PAGES

  Here Is the world’s Greatest Collection of Strange and
  Secret Photographs. Here are Exotic Photos from Europe,
  Primitive Photos from Africa, Torture Photos from Asia,
  Female Photos from Oceania and America, and hundreds
  of others. There are almost 600 LARGE PAGES of Strange
  & Secret Photographs, each page 57 square Inches in size!

1000 REVEALING PHOTOS

     You see actual courtship practised In every quarter of the
  world. You see magic and mystery in queer lands where
  the foot of a white man has rarely trod. You see Oriental
  modes of marriage and female slavery in China, Japan, In-
  dia, etc. Through the intimacy of the camera you witness
  the exotic habits of every continent and the strangest cus-
  toms of life and love in America, Europe, etc You are be-
  wildered by these large pages of ONE THOUSAND PHOTO-
  GRAPHS, Including 130 full-page photos, and thrilled by
  the hundreds of short stories that describe them.

 Contents of 5-Volume Set

  Volume I—The Secret Album of Africa

  Volume 2—The	Secret Album of Europe
  Volume 3—The Secret Album of Asia

  Volume 4—The	Secret Album of America

  Volume S—The	Secret Album of Oceania

 5 PICTURE-PACKED VOLUMES

  The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND consists of five pfc-
  ture-packed volumes (solidly bound together for convenient
  reading). Dip into any one of these volumes, and as you
  turn its pages, you find it difficult to tear yourself away.
  Here in story and unusual photo, is the WORLD'S GREAT-
  EST COLLECTION OF STRANGE AND SECRET PHOTO-
  GRAPHS, containing everything from Female Beauty Round
  the World to the most Mysterious Cults and Customs.
  These hundreds and hundreds of large pages will give you
  days and nights of thrilling Instruction.

Specimen Photos

 Various Secret Societies—^lvllized Love v9. Savage—
 Exotic Rites and Cults—Strange Crimes, Criminals—
 Omens, Totems & Taboos—Mysterious Customs—Dress
 & Undress Round the World

1,000 Strange and Secret Photos

SEND NO MONEY

 Simply sign and mall the coupon. Remember, each of the
 5 volumes Is 9^4 inches high, and opened over a foot
 wide! Remember also that this 5-Volume Set formerly
 sold for $10. And it is bound in expensive "life-time”

        GOODYEAR ,
 IREST0NE-G00DRICH1
 and Other Standard Makes ,

  Only our 25 years’ experience, big

  buying power and volume production
  make it possible to offer these amaz-
  ing tire values. Think of it; Stand-
  ard Brand reconditioned tires, ser- .
  viceably repaired by experts with high-,
  grade materials at a fraction of original
  cost. Order now. Enjoy the tremendous
  savings our cut prices make possible.

                 TRUCK

  BALLOON TIRES

  Size Tires Tubes

  29X4.40-21 $1.85 $0.85

  29x4.60-20	1.85 .86

  80x4.60-21	1.95 .86

  28x4.76-19	1.85 .96

  29x4.76-20	2.10 .95

  29x6.00-19	2.25 1.05

  80x5.00-20	2.40 1.05

  6.26-17	2.45 1.16

  28x6.26-18	2.45 1.16

  29x6.26-19	2.45 1.15

  80x6.26-20	2.50 1.15

  81x5.25-21	2.80 1.16

  6.60-17	2.75 1.15

  28x6.60-18	2.75 1.15

  29x6.60-19	2.75 1.16

  6.00-16	3.15 1.45

  6.00-17	2.85 1.16
  80x6.00-18	2.85 1.16
  81x6.00-19	2.85 1.16
  82x6.00-20	2.95 1
  83x6.00-21	3.10 1...
  82x6.60-20	3.20 1.86

 BALLOONS

  Size Tires Tubes
  6.00-20 $3.10 $1.65
  6.60-20 3.35 1.95

  ----20 4.60 2.95

  ....-20 8.15 8.76
  8.26-20 6.75 4.96
  HEAVY DUTY
  TRUCK TIRES
  Size Tires Tubes
  80x5 $3.50 $1.96
  82x6 6.95 2.76
  84x7 f .95
  88x7 9-45
  86x8 9.65 8.96
  40x8 11.60 4.15
  ALL OTHER
  SIZES

  EVERY TIRE
  GUARANTEED

  Our Guarantee
  Bond agrees to
  replace at V, price

  tires failing to give

  full9months’serv-
  ice.Replacements
  f. o. b. Chicago.

  Don't Delay—
  Order Today

DEALERS

                 WANTED

  SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered.
  ($3.00 on each Truck Tire.) We ship balance C. O. D.
  Deduct 5 per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To
  fill order promptly we may substitute brands if neces-
  sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW—GUARANTEED—

 PERRY-FIELD TIRE & RUBBER CO.

2328-30 S. Michigan Ave., Dept. 4801-A, Chicago

INDIGESTION

may affect the Heart

  Gas trapped in the stomach or gullet may act
  like a hair-trigger on the heart. At the first sign
  of distress smart men and women depend on
  Bell-ans Tablets to set gas free. No laxative but
  made of the fastest-acting medicines known for
  acid indigestion. If the FIRST DOSE doesn’t
  prove Bell-ans better; return bottle to us and
  receive DOUBLE Money Back. 25c at all drug
  stores.

 STUDY AT HOME

  Legally trained men win high-
  er positions and bigger suo-
  — In business and publlo

            More Ability: More Prestige: More Money

            Ve guide you step by step. Yon can train at home
  _________nrtng spare time. Degree of LL. B. Successful

            rduates in every section of the U. S. We furnish
  Including 14-volume Law Library. Low cost, easy
  terms. Get our valuable 48-page Law Tralningfor Leadership ana
  "Evidence” books FREE. Send for them NOW.

LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 3S8-L Chicago
A Correspondence Institution

In 90 Days at Home

 Hundreds of men and women of all ages 18-50 make
 $10.00 to $20.00 in a single day giving scientific Swed-
 ish Massage and Hydro-Therapy treatments. There is a
 big demand from Hospitals, Sanitariums, Clubs, Doc-
 tors and private patients as- well as opportunities for
 establishing your own office.

 Learn this interesting money-making profession in your
 own home by mail, through our home study course.
 Same instructors as in our NATIONALLY KNOWN
 resident school. A diploma is awarded upon comple-
 tion of the course. Course can be completed in 3 to 4
 months. High School training is not necessary. Many
 earn big money while learning.

             Anatomy Charts and Booklet FREE

          Enroll now and we will include uniform
          coat, medical dictionary, patented reducing
          roller and Hydro-Therapy supplies without
          extra cost. The reducing course alone may
          be worth many times the modest tuition fee.
          Send coupon now for Anatomy Charts and
          booklet containing photographs and letters
          from successful graduates. These will all be
          sent postpaid—FREE.

  The College of Swedish Massage (Successor to National
  College of Massage)

  Dept. 287—30 E. Adams St., Chicago.

  You may send me FREE and postpaid. Anatomy Charts,
  booklet containing photographs and letters from graduates,
  and complete details of your offer.

Name..........................................

Address........................................

City............................ State..........

777m.

 Would you like to know how other men
 have gotten good-pay jobs in Electricity?
 How many, with nothing better than

              before Electricity is calling for Trained
              Men. DON’T WAIT! Find out today where,
              when and how you may duplicate the
              thrilling success of these other I-T-I
              men. Write RAY D. SMITH, Pres.:
              Dept. M3,

      TnDUSTRIAL TRAINING INSTITUTE
 2154 Lawrence Ave.	CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

 _____Tor thu

  AMAZING BOOK

 FREE

HI-STANDARD AUTOMATIC

  .22 caliber Model “B” ...
  long rifle cartridges. Model
  “C” for .22 short cartridges.

  41/2" or 63,4" barrel.

 Choice ..............$18.95

  H.	& R. “922” .22 caliber 6"
  barrel 9 shot target revolver.......

  I.	J. Supershot Sealed “8’* .22 cal.

  Send stamp for. each list—Ammunition
  etc.—Used Rifles—Used Shotguns ($2

  on C. O. D’s)

HUDSON SPORTING GOODS CO.

W-52 WARREN ST. (New-FREE Catalog) NEW YORK

 m u u m u u ■ ■■■■■■

 ■	METRO PUBLICATIONS*	. .	"
 70 Fifth Ave., Dept. 302, New York, N. Y.

  B Send me “The Secret Museum of Mankind” (5	■
  great volumes bound together). I will pay postman

  ■ $1.68, plus postage on arrival. If in 5 days I am	■

  not delighted, I will return the book and you will	■
  refund my $1.98.

® Name ............................................®

 | Address .....................................R

 — City....................... State..........

  ■	rn CHECK HERE if you are enclosing $1.98, thu*	■

       saving the mailing costs.

  _	Canadian order* $2.50 in advance	m

 ■	■■■■■ ■ ■ ■■■■■

SECRETS ENTRUSTED
TO A FEW

Jheltnpufi&ifjed

 3-adkqfMJk-

  THERE are some things that can not be
  generally told—things you ought to
  know. Great truths are dangerous to
  some—but factors for personal power
  and accomplishment in the hands of
  those who understand them.Behind the tales
  of the miraclesand mysteriesof the ancients,
  lie centuries of their secret probing into
  nature’s laws—their amazing discoveries
  of the hidden processes of man’s mind,
  and the mastery of life’s problems.
  Once shrouded in mystery to avoid their
  destruction by mass fear and ignorance,
  these facts remain a useful heritage for
  the thousands of men and women who
  privately use them in their homes today.

THIS FREE BOOK

     The Roslcrucians (not a religious organization),
  an age-old brotherhood of learning, have pre-
  served this secret wisdom in their archives for
  centuries. They now invite you to share the
  practical helpfulness ot their teachings.
  Write today for a free copy of the book, “The
  Secret Heritage.” Within its pages may lie a new
  life of opportunity for you. Address Scribe M.W.M.

We Rosicrucians

(AMORC), SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA. U.S. A.
Midnight Train

 i

O’REILLY’S ceremonial farewell to
India was a magnificent affair. All
the Maharajah’s twenty elephants
were lined up in the square opposite the
palace, their restless trunks painted white
and vermillion like sinuous barber poles,
their howdahs glittering in the burning
glare of the tropical sun.

  Perched aboard the largest bull of the
twenty, the one with the gold-and-dia-
mond studded tusks, was Terrence
O’Reilly himself, his massive frame
hunched to fit in among the plush and
spangles of a howdah designed for lesser
men than an ex-New York cop.

 The resplendent uniform which
O’Reilly was wearing for the last time,
dazzling with more gold braid than a
circus band master, was wet with per-
spiration. His bright red hair, too, was
dewy beneath his gold-spiked sun hel-
met.

  Yet despite the heat he had a funny
cold feeling inside him and a strange
lump in his throat. He wondered why he
should feel like this about going home to
become Patrolman O’Reilly of the Ninth
Precinct again, instead of O’Reilly Sahib,
Marshal of Personal Safety to His High-
ness Vinayak Rao Bahadur, Maharajah
of Zarapore. Then he looked off across
the square to where the green-coated,
green-turbaned palace guards were
drawn up at attention, and his angular,
bull-dog jaw worked sidewise.

  The guards were firing off a loud and
ragged feu de joie with muskets that had
seen service in the Sepoy Rebellion. The
palace musicians were beating on ancient
drums, blowing into squealing wind in-
struments, raising awful sounds from
copper trumpets so long that it took three
small boys to hold them off the ground.

  The sabers of the Maharajah’s aides
flashed in salute, and the brilliant mosaic
made by the turbans of the watching
crowd bent forward to salaam like
poppies before a breeze. The Maharajah
emerged to mount the throne beneath the
five golden umbrellas on the palace steps.

THE horns blared again, and the
Maharajah began his public good-
byes to O’Reilly Sahib. He spoke in Urdu,
and O’Reilly did not understand a fifth of
what he was saying, but he knew the
content. His Highness had said the same
thing in English the week b'efore when he
broke the news over a bottle of cham-
pagne.

  “I can’t help myself, Terry,” the
Maharajah had said. “The British raj
is clamping down all the war-time regu-
lations, and they’ve told me to dismiss all
aliens in my service.

  “I haven’t forgotten you’ve saved my
life. I never shall. And I promised you
that your job was permanent. I know
you wouldn’t want to give up your
American citzenship, though, so I’m
sending you back to New York. My
bankers in the States will continue to pay
your salary, so you can live like a pen-
sioner, if you like.”

  “Pensioner, my eye!” O’Reilly had said.
“I’m going back on the force. I’ll be a
sergeant in another year, and that brings
all the dough a man like me needs. The
pension can go to buying a little house
6

over in Brooklyn just for my old lady.”

  “I’ll miss you, Terry,” the Maharajah
had said.

  “Sure. And I’ll miss you, too, Vinnie,”
O’Reilly had replied glibly. He had said
it to be polite, but now as he looked out
on all this pomp and display of a feudal,
Oriental state, he knew it was true.

  For all the heat and homesickness of
the gasping nights before the monsoons
broke, when he would have given any-
thing for the smell of snow on the wind
from East River, the whiff of bacon from
an all-night Coffee Pot, or the scraping
sound of a snow-shovel on a frozen side-
walk-i-for all that, he was at this moment
sorry to leave.

  He knew that when he got back to the
roar of the subway, the routine of the
station house, the flash of traffic lights
and the scream of sirens, he would be
thinking of this carnival of pomp and
poverty, of strange brown and black
faces, of whiskers and turbans among the
tumip-like domes and heat and dust of
Zarapore.

  He would be thinking of the young
Maharajah whom'he had saved from the
conspiracy of an ambitious brother; of the
chubby brown siibadar of civil police
whom he had taught to play poker, and
who had helped him put down a Hindu-
Moslem riot almost single-handed; of the
Mad Yogi with a Tenth Avenue accent,
who had taken a hand in the game after
the affairof the opium factory in Ganeshi
Mohan’s private temple.

  Well, Fate had whisked him to India
as bodyguard for a Hindu prince, and he
could not quarrel with Fate now that the
magic carpet was making a return trip. ..

THE horns squealed and howled again,
and O’Reilly climbed down from his
elephant. His six-feet-four towered
above the flanking A.D.C.’s as he marched
forward to the throne for the ceremonial
award of a pugaree. A pugaree is like a
turban except that it is narrower and is
one hundred sixty-six feet long to a tur-
ban’s thirty, and is consequently more
complicated to wind.

  But when it is awarded by a Mahara-
jah, it is like a medal for bravery and
carries a rise in pay or a pension with it.
So O’Reilly understood that the matter
of his pension had to be arranged accord-
ing to the customs of Zarapore and duti-
fully bent down while two expert tur-
ban-winders removed his helmet and
went to work weaving an intricate struc-
ture of brilliant cloth strips upon his
head.

  When he looked up at the Maharajah,
however, he was startled. The young
man in all his regalia of satin and jewels
was not the breezy, confident young ruler
he had expected to see. There was a
haunted, haggard look on his handsome
face, a strange pallor under his olive-
tinted skin.

  “What’s wrong, Vinnie?” O’Reilly mut-
tered under his breath while the turban-
winders were putting the finishing
touches on the pugaree.

  “i want to talk to you after the cere-
mony,” the Maharajah murmured in
tense English. “Come and see me in an
hour. I’ll be in my private diggings.”

  “I’ll be, there, Your Highness,” said
O’Reilly. He beamed as he straightened

up and saluted. The thought that there
was still trouble for him to get into be-
fore he left Zarapore made him so elated
that he forgot to feel foolish in his new
pugaree.... Returning to the palace after
divesting himself of his uniform, his
pugaree, and the smell of elephant,
O’Reilly found the Maharajah nervously
pacing the thick rugs of his private apart-
ments. There was never any formality
about him when he received his Ameri-
can friend, but there was even less of the
potentate than usual in his manner to-
day. He was merely a very worried
young man who had stripped off his tur-
ban and his court clothes and was wear-
ing only a pair of shorts and a deep
frown.

  “Terry, I’m going to ask you do me one
more favor before you leave India,” said
the Maharajah, running his nervous fin-
gers through his sleek black hair. “Don’t
answer until you’ve heard the story, be-
cause you may not want to do it. It may
be dangerous.”

  “That’s swell,” said O’Reilly, grinning.
“When do I start?”

  “I suppose you know about the fire in
my government laboratories last night.”
“Yeah Too bad.”

 “And that Dr. Khopri was burned to
death?”

 “Was he? They didn’t tell me that.”
O’Reilly shook his head. “Khopri was a
nice fella. Tough luck.”

  “It wasn’t luck, Terry.” The Maharajah
came over and stared hard at O’Reilly
with a strange fire burning deep in his
dark eyes. “It could have been an acci-
dent that all of Dr. Khopri’s notes and
records were destroyed, but that he him-
self should die, that he should be there at
such an odd hour of the night—”
“Murder, eh?” O’Reilly arose and
picked up his Malacca stick, as though
ready for instant duty. “Who—”

  “Sit down, Terry. It’s quite a story. Did
I tell you about the manganese deposits
in the Nila Hills, ten miles from here?”
“Not that I remember.”

  The Maharajah passed a silver box of
cigarettes. O’Reilly waved them away
and took a Burma cheroot from his
pocket.

«rpHERE’S no need to tell you, Terry,”
said the Maharajah, holding a
match for O’Reilly, “that I’m devoted to
the British cause in this war. Even if I
hadn’t been educated at Oxford, I’d be a
rabid partisan. Any intelligent man
would.

  “Well, when Dr. Khopri told me several
months ago that he had discovered man-
ganese in my state, I immediately com-
municated with Delhi. Manganese is a
strategic material, you know. Steel and
armaments. And there’s never enough
of it.

 “Well, Delhi sent down a government
mineralogist by the name of Henry
Fayne. I disliked him instantly, but that
has nothing to do with the man’s ability.
I even believed him when he reported
that the supposed manganese deposits
were really a freak—that the Nila Hills
had been ‘salted’ by nature. Thousands
of years ago a shower of meteorites
pelted down on this part of India, and
since the fragments are rich in mangan-
ese, the soil still shows traces of it, he
 Remember redheaded Terry O’Reilly, the former flat-
 foot who serves a maharajah? Well, O’Reilly Sahib is
 retiring, with Hindu trumpets blasting and turbans bob-
 bing. But his route out of India is by way of havoc

 By L. G. Blochman

Author of "Crisis in Calcutta"The Magnificent Babu
Dutt,” etc.

The handcar gathered speed. O'Heilly aimed at it carefully and Bred

7
said; but not nearly enough to warrant
mining it.

   “Since Fayne sent his report after he’d
left Zarapore, X could not take issue with
him. When I showed it to Dr. Khopri,
however, he disagreed violenty. He
pointed out that the manganese in me-
teorites is in its native form; that while
some oxidation was certain to occur
over a period of centuries, his own pros-
pecting had revealed a uniformity of de-
posits which indicated a deep-seated mass
of both manganite and braunite.

  “I had-great confidence in Dr. Khopri
and supposed that Henry Fayne was
merely mistaken. I asked Dr. Khopri to
prepare his own report, with ore speci-
mens, and was seeking some way I might
tactfully reopen the matter. Then Dr.
Khopri’s death in the fire which de-
stroyed his records made me change my
mind. I no longer consider Henry Fayne
incompetent. What do you think, Terry?”

  O’Reilly whistled. "Fifth Column?” he
suggested.

   “Possibly,” the Maharajah agreed. “The
Germans would certainly try to prevent
the development of new manganese fields
and as much as I detest the Nazis, I must
admit that they are thorough and far-
reaching in their underground organiza-
tion.

   “There is another possibility, however.

I	always suspect my brother in matters of
this kind. The intriguing fingers of
Prince Mahmed are very long and very
active, even from his exile in Goa.

  “It is more likely that the Germans
have got to him in Portuguese India, and
that he is merely seeking to exploit the
fields for commercial gains—after he
steals my throne. I would rather think
that Mr. Fayne is merely greedy, not a
traitor.”

  “Where do I come in?” O’Reilly asked.

4<TN this way,” said the Maharajah, “I

  A can’t very well go to the Political
Officer here because Mr. Henderson is a
guileless scholar who would resent my
implication that an official from Delhi
might be betraying the interests of his
country.

  “I no longer have Dr. Khopri and his
records to bear out my suspicions. I am
forbidden by treaty from going over the
Political Officer’s head and dealing di-
rectly with Delhi. Therefore I am asking
you to go to Delhi for me. Will you,
Terry?”

  “I won’t be much good at explaining
about the magna—about the rocks,”
O’Reilly said.

  “I’m sending someone with you for
that,” the Maharajah said. “I’m sending
Professor Gurda, a science teacher in my
high school here, who had heard Dr.
Khopri’s theories, and who will be able
to explain the ore samples I’m sending
with you.

  “I want you to see that the professor
and the samples arrive safely at the
mining office. And I want you to pretend
that you and he are doing this independ-
ently—a pair of private prospectors, if
you know what I mean. I want you to
protect my official non-interference, so
to speak, and still guarantee the Zarapore
manganese deposits for Britain’s war.
That makes you more or less of a diplo-
mat. Do you think you can manage it,
Terry?”

  “Sure. Why not? I thought you said
this was dangerous.”

  “It is. The man who killed Dr. Khopri
may be on your train tonight.”

  “I see.” O'Reilly studied the glowing
stub of his cheroot. “Who is he?”

  “I wish I knew, Terry. Does that mean
you say no?”

   “Hell, no, I don’t say no. On the con-

8

trary. Gives me something to think about
on the train.”

  “If only Henry Fayne were still in
Zarapore I should say the matter would
be greatly simplified. But he left ten
days ago. You know what he looks like,
by the way?”

  “Sure, I met him while he was here.”
O’Reilly nodded. “He’s a skinny, red-

-	faced sourpuss that looks like he’s tried
everything and don’t like any of it.”
“Good.” The Maharajah smiled. “I’m
glad you remember, in case he should
turn up along the way. You’ll do it,
then, Terry?”

  “Sure,” said O’Reilly, extending his
hand.

  At this moment an aide-de-camp en-
tered and made a peculiar grimace at the
spectacfe of the Maharajah, bare-waisted,
shaking hands with the red-headed
colossus.

  O’Reilly immediately looked grim,
straightened up, and saluted gravely. He
said: “I’ll do your bidding, your High-
ness.”

  The Maharajah looked as dignified as
a man in shorts can. He replied. “Good.
Then pleasant trip, O’Reilly Sahib.”
When he left the palace, O’Reilly
hadn’t gone a dozen yards before some-
body took a shot at him.

II

THE bullet spattered against the wall
just above his head and showered
plaster down upon his broad shoulders.
At the same instant he recognized the
grimly familiar report of a pistol shot.

  He knew it was a shot because the
only vehicles in the street at the time
were bicycles, a horse-drawn ghaii, and
a bullock cart loaded with ripe jute—
none of which were apt to backfire. The
pedestrians in the crowded street looked
innocent enough, 'too—fat Marwaris go-
ing home from the cotton bazaar,
bearded Moslems, thin black Tamils, red-
turbaned Sikhs.

  None of them seemed to have heard
the shot, unless it was the only Eui opean
in sight—a plump, perspiring Anglican
missionary whose clerical collar seemed
to dissolve as he hurried down the street
in pursiut of a carriage. No, the shot
had probably been fired from one of the
shuttered second-story windows above
the shops across the road.

  And there was no sense in looking for
the marksman now; since he had missed,
he would no doubt show up again later.
The Maharajah was right in his guess
that the murderer of Dr. Khopri would
be aboard O’Reilly’s train.

  O’Reilly reached the station fifteen
minutes before train time, without be-
coming a further target. His friends who
came to see him off had been there at
least an hour, inasmuch as the Hindu
mind seems incapable of judging time
in units as small as ten minutes.

  The Maharajah, of course, was not
there, but he had sent an A.D.C. with a
heavy package which O’Reilly immed-
iately clamped under his arm. It at-
tracted no particular attention since all
his friends had brought farewell gifts.
The minister of education brought a set
of poker chips carved from buffalo horn.
The subadar of civil police contributed a
pan box of hammered brass which had
been beaten from the brass knuckles that
killed Ganeshi Mohan. The Mad Yogi
offered a stone jug of trance-provoking
palm toddy.

   Just as the train puffed into the station
from the south, headlight boring into the
hot darkness, whistle shrieking, O’Reilly’s
travelling companion came puffing into
the station from the north.

  Professor Gurda was a rotund little
Hindu with buck teeth protruding from
beneath a dejected black mustache and
enough white turban piled above his
bulging forehead to fill a good-sized
laundry basket. He was so completely
encumbered with cloth-tied baggage,
brass pots, books, an umbrella, and what
appeared to be a week’s supply of food,
that O’Reilly was afraid that if the pro-
fessor put down his impedimenta to
shake hands, he would never be able to
collect it all again before the train pulled
out.

  “Howdy, Prof,” O’Reilly said. “Looks
like we’re traveling in the same— Whoa,
hold it!”

  Professor Gurda tried to join the palms
of his hands in front of his face, to make
the customary salutation, and four books
and a brass pot cascaded into O’Reilly’s
arms. Assuring himself by a side glance
that his own bearers were loading his
luggage and bedding roll into what ap-
peared to be the only vacant first-class
compartment, O’Reilly piled the books
back on the professor and took his arm
to guide him to the train.

  “Goodbye, Johnny!” he called to the
subadar. “Good luck, Diwana!” He shook
outstretched hands. “Goodbye, mugs!
I’ll send you all picture postcards of
Brooklyn Bridge.”

  The station master blew his whistle.
The engineer answered shrilly. The train
jerked, and the guard ran along the side
of the cars, closing doors. O’Reilly
boosted the professor aboard just as the
train began to move. He slammed the
door, turned to yell final goodbyes to the
crowd on the platform. When he turned
away again, he saw that two other Eu-
ropean passengers were settling down in
the compartment.

ONE of them at least was a European,
and an Anglican missionary at that.
He looked very much like the plump
gentleman with the wilted clerical collar
O’Reilly had seen hurrying away from
the palace just after someone had taken a
pot-shot at him.

  He was for the moment busy with his
luggage, so O’Reilly turned to eye the
other passenger who might not be en-
tirely European. He was a tall, sallow-
faced, black-haired ^gentleman, and the
cut of his elegant, well-pressed pongee
suit was flawlessly English.

  Something about the east of his nar-
row eyes, however, and the purple cres-
cents at the base of his polished finger-
nails told O’Reilly that there was a touch
of the tar brush somewhere in his line-
age.

  The Eurasian favored O’Reilly with a
greasy smile. “Good evening, Mr.
O’Reilly,” he said.

  O’Reilly puckered his bushy red eye-
brows. “What jail did we meet in?” he
demanded.

  The Eurasian chuckled. There was a
cold, mirthless quality in the sound.
“O’Reilly Sahib is famous from the
Deccan to Kashmir,” he said. “You can’t
hope to travel incognito unless you
change the color of your hair, and your
incredible stature. I’m. happy we meet
by chance, after all I’ve heard of you.
My name is Frank Janeiro.”

  Janeiro . . . Portuguese India . . . Goa
.. . Prince Mahmed . . . Chance meeting,
my eye, O’Reilly thought

  “Traveling far, Mr. O’Reilly?” purred
Janeiro.

  “Pretty far. New York.”

  “New York?” Again that mirthless
chuckle “I fancy you’ll have to change
trains.”

  “Go ahead and fancy,” said O’Reilly.
He looked at Professor Gurda who was
making a nest for himself among his
strange luggage on one of the leather-
covered berths. The professor had
slipped off his shoes and had tucked his
feet under him.

  The Anglican clergyman was settled
in another corner of the compartment,
smoking a crooked pipe and reading the
Bible.

  “Your friend appears to be starting out
on an expedition to explore the Sindh
Desert,” said Janeiro, indicating Gurda.

  “I am Professor Gurda, B.A., of His
Highness Maharajah Vinayak’s High
School,” said the professor, grinning with
all his teeth. “Am unfamiliar with train
journeys, having remained static in Zara-
pore since return from Allahabad Uni-
versity twenty-nine years past. Am
therefore prepared for all exigencies.”

  “I see,” Janeiro nodded pleasantly.
“And are you going to Delhi, too, Pro-
fessor?”

  “Professor Gurda tells me he’s visiting
the old folks in Agra,” O’Reilly put in
quickly.

  “Yes, of course.” Janeiro’s thin, dark
lips curled in a curious smile.

O’REILLY dropped the wooden shutter
to look out the window. The train
was speeding through rice fields aglitter
with the cold green light of a million
fireflies. He watched the shadows of stiff
tal palms and the pyramidal domes of a
Hindu temple slide by in the hot night.

  The corner of his glance, however, was
still very much occupied inside the com-
partment. He could not forget that
either the Eurasian or the man with the
clerical collar might very possibly have
taken a shot at him outside the Mahara-
jah’s palace. When he saw the clergy-
man staring at him strangely over the
edge of his Bible, therefore, O’Reilly
turned suddenly.

  “See anything outa the ordinary about
my rear view, padre?” he asked.

  The clergyman closed his Bible and
smiled. “There is nothing ordinary about
you from any view, my friend,” he said
gently.

  “Didn’t I see you this afternoon in
Zarapore outside the Maharajah’s
palace?” O’Reilly pursued.

  “Quite possibly. If you did, you saw
the Reverend Eustace Potts in a some-
what flustered, harried and not at all dig-
nified condition. I was hurrying to keep
a last minute appointment. There was so
much to do and so little time to do it in
before leaving for Delhi.”

  “I hope you finished your business
okay,” said O’Reilly pointedly.

  “Our work is never done.” The Rev-
erend Eustace Potts sighed and puffed
several times on his dead pipe. “No
doubt you know our mission school in
Zarapore. We have been making changes.
We— Could I trouble you for a light?”

  “Sure thing, Reverend.” O’Reilly
struck a match. He was careful to hold
the flame at some distance from the
clergyman and well to his left so that the
Reverend Potts would have to lean for-
ward with his left elbow raised in order
to light his pipe. O’Reilly wanted a closer
look at an intriguing bulge beneath the
clerical left armpit.

  The locomotive whistled for an ap-
proaching station, and the clacking
rhythm of the rails began to slow down.
O’Reilly suddenly decided to get off and
send a wire to his friend the subadar of
civil police at Zarapore, inquiring as to
the background which might cause a Man
of God to wear a shoulder holster.

  “Thank you . . . very . . . much. .
said the Reverend Eustace Potts between
contented puffs.

  “You’re welcome as— you’re very wel-

come, padre,” said O’Reilly. “Any time.”
The train was screeching to a stop. It
would be a short stop and the only one
before Mogul Junction, where he would
have to change trains for Delhi. But he
could still get an answer to his wire at
Mogul Junction, with the help of the
various Hindu gods responsible for the
balance between lethargy and industry
in Hindu telegraph operators.

O’REILLY opened the door, mumbled
something about a breath of air, and
waded through the station crowds of
water-vendors with their glistening black
goatskin bags, luggage coolies, the melee
of arriving and departing passengers.

  At the far end of the train twelve men
were holding up long pink curtains so
that a purdah lady could get into her
compartment without being subjected to
the gaze of vulgar masculine eyes.

  When he found the dim-lighted tele-
graph office, O’Reilly addressed the fol-
lowing telegram to the mbadar:

  DEAR JOHNNY PLEASE FIND OUT EK DUM
  WHAT REVEREND EUSTACE POTTS WAS
  DOING AT ZARAPORE MISSION SCHOOL
  THAT RATES PACKING A GUN. REPLY
  MOGUL JUNCTION.

O’REILLY

  While he was licking the stamps to af-
fix to the telegraph blank, O’Reilly rea-
lized with a cold, sinking feeling that he
had neglected to bring the package of ore
samples with him—the heavy, compact
oblong packet wrapped in green paper
and sealed with two great blobs of green
"wax.

  Of course Professor Gurda was in the
compartment with it, but the professor
making his first train journey in twenty-
nine years, was not apt to prove much of
a watchdog against a couple of wolves
such as Janeiro and the padre might be.

  While the halfcaste telegraph operator
was fumbling to make change, the station
master’s whistle sounded. The operator
lost count of his paper rupees, square
nickel two anna bits, and copper piece;
he started counting all over. O’Reilly
left him counting and elbowed his way
across the platform just as the red cars
began to move.

  He caught the latch of his compartment
as it slid by, jerked the door open,
bounded in. He was relieved to see
Janeiro and the Reverend Eustace Potts
still in their places. Then he noted that
the rotund, hen-like Professor Gurda was
no longer squatting in his nest of lug-
gage.

  Quickly he crossed the compartment to
the far corner, opened the lavatory door.
Professor Gurda was not there either.

  The locomotive whistle screamed. The
clicking song of the rails rose to a high-
pitched, even purr.

Ill

THE Reverend Potts seemed lost in rev-
erie as he smoked his pipe. He was
no longer reading his Bible. Frank Jane-
iro had a smug half-smile on his lips as
he looked out the window.

  “Which of you gents is the magician?”
O’Reilly asked. “It’s a good trick.”
“Trick?” The Reverend Potts appeared
puzzled.

  “Sure, trick,” O’Reilly repeated. “The
vanishing professor.”

  “Ah, yes,” droned Janeiro. “Professor
Gurda has gone, hasn’t he? I hadn’t
noticed.”

  “I suppose he just climbed up a rope
and disappeared, pulling up the rope
after him,” O’Reilly said. “I hear Hindus
are like that.”

  “I couldn’t say, really,” Janeiro said.
“I was out stretching my legs on the
platform. I don’t know where he went.”

  “You didn’t see him go up in a cloud
of bright green smoke, did you, padre? ”

  “As a matter of fact, the professor got
down in quite a prosaic and mundane
manner,” said the Reverend Potts. “I
assumed that he had gone after you, Mr.
O’Reilly.”

  “He’ll be back shortly, no doubt. He’s
left his household accoutrements be-
hind.” Janeiro chuckled.

  “He’s got pretty short legs to be run-
ning after the train for long,” O’Reilly
said. “He’ll be outa breath by the time
we get to the next stop.”

  Silently cursing himself for having
left the professor alone, O’Reilly sat
down in his own corner. With all the
casualness he could muster, he began
rearranging his baggage. As he restacked
his bags and his farewell gifts, the cold
feeling at the pit of his stomach turned
to a hard lump of ice. The Maharajah’s
ore samples—the green packet with the
big green seals—was gone!

THE roar and flashing lights of a pass-
ing train occupied the next twenty
seconds, giving O’Reilly a welcome res-
pite to light a Burma cheroot and try
to organize his thoughts. The disappear-
ance of Professor Gurda and of the ore
samples were certainly not disconnected
phenomena.

  Had the professor carried them off to a
safer place, after having his suspicions
aroused by Janeiro and the Reverend
Potts? Not likely, in view of the ap-
parent naivete of the Hindu. Was he
perhaps himself an agent of the Fifth
Column, who had merely departed for
greener fields?

  Possibly; after all, the professor was
supporting his family on some sixty
rupees a month—about twenty dollars—
and he might conceivably be attracted by
the musical crackling of a few thousand-
rupee bank notes. Or had both the pro-
fessor and the ore samples been deftly re-
moved from the picture by Janeiro or the
Reverend Potts—or both—who were now
merely awaiting a convenient moment
to dispose of O’Reilly?

  Whatever the answer, there was little
O’Reilly could do about it now, except
keep awake. These damned Indian
trains, with their separate compartments,
prevented him from making any search
for Professor Gurda in other cars. If
only they had civilized trains, with con-
necting corridors, the way American
railways did, he wouldn’t be quite so
helpless.

  As it was he was locked in with Jane-
iro and the Reverend Potts and his fum-
bled mission for the Maharajah—until
the train stopped again at Mogul Junc-
tion. They were due there at midnight.
Still an hour to go.

  The train wheels clack-clacked over
switch frogs, the steel flanges screamed
against a curve. In the black distance,
the smoky lights of a village wheeled
past. O’Reilly puffed furiously on his
cheroot, and let the perspiration trickle
down his cheeks unnoticed. He would
wait until the next station before taking
further steps.

  When the train finally stopped at Mo-
gul Junction with a great, steamy sigh,
O’Reilly noticed with some surprise that
both Janeiro and the Reverend Eustace
Potts were preparing to get off. With the
ore samples and Professor Gurda out of
the way, it would seem more natural for
the saboteur of the Zarapore manganese
fields to continue to Bombay by the same
train, instead of changing here for the
Punjab Express.

9
   That both men were getting off with
 O’Reilly could only mean that the job
 was not yet finished, that O’Reilly was
 still considered a military objective. So
 much the better. There was still a chance
 for O’Reilly to redeem himself.

   The door of the compartment opened.
 Out of the hubbub and confusion of the
 station crowd, O’Reilly’s bearers mater-
 ialized to reclaim his luggage.

   “Better pack this stuff out too, Ali.”
 The redhead pointed out Professor Gur-
 da’s abandoned bundles to his white-
 bearded servant.

   “Quite a new role for you, isn’t it,
 O’Reilly Sahib,” said Janeiro with a
 crooked smile, “being nursemaid to an
 absent-minded Hindu school teacher?”
 “I just thought I’d turn his stuff over
 to the station master, in case he shows
 up on the next train,” O’Reilly answered.

   He jumped to the platform—and al-
 most demolished Professor Gurda who at
 that moment emerged panting from be-
 hind a stack of luggage.

 rpHE rotund professor bounced back
 against a large, bejeweled Parsee
 lady, caromed off two scowling Pathans,
 and was just about to collapse seat-fore-
 most on the charcoal stove of an itiner-
 ant curry vendor when O’Reilly grabbed
 his arm and restored his' balance.

   “Where the hell did you come from?”
 Bellowed O’Reilly. He didn’t know whe-
 ther to hug the professor or kick his
 pants—if he wore pants instead of a
 dhoti.

   “So . . . sorry ...” panted Professor
 Gurda.

   “Don’t ever do that to me again,”
 O’Reilly admonished. “Unless you got
 reasons. Have you?”

   “Was unavoidably detained in inter-
 mediate-class compartment,” said the
 professor. “Encountered former student
 en route to Bombay and was engaging in
 friendly chit-chat with same when train
 resumed operation.”

   “Okay, we’ll skip it as long as you’ve
 got the whoosis sie.”

   “Got what safe, please?”

   O’Reilly glanced back at the train and
 saw Janeiro and the Reverend Potts busy
 with their luggage. “The ore samples,”
 he said.

 Professor Gurda’s expression was a
 complete blank.

 “The rocks,” O’Reilly amplified. “The
 package of manganese, wrapped in green
 paper.”

 The professor shook his head until his
 high-piled turban trembled violently.
 “Please pardon puzzlement, O’Reilly
 Sahib,” he said, “but understood green
 package was confided to you.”

 “You mean you haven’t got it?”

 “Not single iota.”

 O’Reilly’s comments were completely
 unintelligible to Professor Gurda, whose
 English curriculum at Alahabad Univer-
 sity had quite overlooked the rich and
 picturesque vocabularies of Brooklyn
 dock hands, Manhattan taxi drivers and
 army mule-skinners.

 “Look, Prof,” said O’Reilly when he
 had run out of cuss words, “you and me
 have played the Maharajah a dirty trick
 and I’m ashamed of us. How loud can
 you yell?”

 “Am not noted for loudness, although
 voice is quite distinct and somewhat
 shrill. You are wishing demonstration?”
 “Not yet, Prof. But listen. There goes
 Janeiro and the Reverend Potts into the
 waiting room with their baggage coolies.

 I want you to follow ’em in and stay with
 ’em. If they try to leave the station or
 start any monkey-business with you, I
 want you to yell.”

 “What words shall I yell, please?”

 10

   “Anything. Police. Murder. Fire. Just
 yell your head off so I can hear-you, at
 the other end of the platform. I got to
 look in at the telegraph office for a min-
 ute.”

   O’Reilly found a miracle at the tele-
 graph office: The reply to his Zarapore
 wire had already arrived. It read:

   SORRY REVEREND EUSTACE POTTS QUITE
   UNKNOWN TO LOCAL ECCLESIASTICS OR
   MISSION SCHOOL. PLEASANT TRIP
   O’REILLY SAHIB.

GOPALSINGH, SUBADAR

rv

 rpHE Punjab Mail did not come through
 •J- Mogul Junction until 3:50 a. m., so
 the passengers from the south had their
 choice between a long, dreary vigil or a
 short, restless nap.

   Most of them were evidently going to
 try to sleep. Coming back from the tele-
 graph office—the professor had not yelled
 —O’Reilly found he had to step over
 rows of third-class passengers, stretched
 out on the dusty cement of the platform.
 And in the first-class waiting room bed-
 ding rolls were being opened on hard
 benches, and Europeans in shirtsleeves
 were assuming uncomfortable positions
 in chairs.

   A smoky lamp burned dimly on a. wall
 bracket and the hot gloom smelled of
 kerosene. A punkah made of tattered
 strips of cloth swung lazily back and
 forth across the ceiling, stirring up warm
 odors.

   Janeiro had installed himself in a
 chaise longue (rented from the station
 master for six annas) and was apparently
 asleep already, his head reposing upon a
 pneumatic pillow. O’Reilly noted that
 he had unfastened his collar and tie, but
 that he had not taken off his shoes.

   The Reverend Eustace Potts was sitting
 on a bench with his back against the wall.
 His eyes were closed and his hands were
 clasped across his plump stomach, but
 O’Reilly was sure he was not asleep.
 He had made no effort to loosen his
 clothing, and the bulge under his left
 armpit was quite distinct.

   Professor Gurda had unwound his tur-
 ban and was squatting in a corner, rub-
 bing his shaven pate when O’Reilly saw
 him.

   "You are still requiring yells, O’Reilly
 Sahib?” he asked.

   “I’ll take a raincheck on the yells,”
 O’Reilly replied. “You may as well try
 and get a little shuteye before the Mail
 comes along.”

   Professor Gurda adopted the sugges-
 tion with amazing promptness. O’Reilly
 had himself known fatigue so intense that
 he could doze sitting up. But he had
 never seen anyone fall asleep in that
 position as quickly or as loudly as Pro-
 fessor Gurda.

   No doubt the professor’s vocal cords
 were all primed for the yelling that
 O’Reilly had ordered and were releasing
 their pent-up sound. At any rate, the
 succession of guttural gasps, whistles, in-
 haled gurgles and exhaled moans which
 emerged from between the professor’s
 buck teeth was a marvel of cacophony.

 O’Reilly took off his coat, loosened his
 collar and belt. He tipped up the stone
 jug for a swig of the Yogi’s palm toddy,
 and almost immediately opened his
 mouth to let the smoke escape. When he
 had caught his breath, he sprawled on
 the vacant end.of a bench from where
 he could watch the door. He had no in-
 tention of sleeping, and was glad to dis-
 cover that the toddy was an aid to wake-
 fulness. A few drops would probably give
 insomnia to a week-old corpse.

 fPHE assistant station master came in to
 turn down the smelly Jamp. When he
 left the waiting room, the wick sputtered,
 the flame popped and expired. Little by
 little the sounds on the platform died
 away, until the dark silence was marred
 only by the creaking of the punkah and
 the snoring of Professor Gurda.

   O’Reilly fought off drowsiness. The
 third time he found himself nodding, he
 was just about to reach for the jug when
 he felt his nerves go suddenly tense.
 Someone was moving in the room. He
 sat up very straight, straining his eyes,
 but could make out nothing in the dark-
 ness. Then he heard a sharp metallic
 sound, like the catch of a valise spring-
 ing open. His gaze turned in the direction
 of the sound. He saw a shadow straight-
 en up, glide silently toward the gray ob-
 long that was the door.

   For an instant a plump silhouette was
 stamped against the dim light from out-
 side. O’Reilly recognized the Reverend
 Eustace Potts.

   At once O’Reilly was on his feet. He
 waited a few seconds, then stealthily
 crossed the room. He paused at the chaise
 longue where Janeiro slept. He listened.
 The Eurasian was breathing evenly. As
 he went out the door, O’Reilly could still
 hear Professor Gurda’s discordant organ
 notes.

   The Reverend Potts was already at the
 far end of the platform, hurrying into the
 gloom. O’Reilly stepped over a knot of
 sleeping Hindus and set off in long-leg-
 ged pursuit.

   From beyond the station, O’Reilly
 caught sight of the self-styled missionary
 walking rapidly behind the row of little
 square bungalows where the railway
 employes lived. The houses were very
 white under the blazing stars. Behind
 each one, on raised cement floors, people
 were sleeping beneath tents of mosquito
 netting. Here and there a punkah swung
 from a gallows-like frame over the out-
 door sleepers.

   The Reverend Potts was a good hun-
 dred yards ahead, a dark phantom glid-
 ing past the railway bungalows moving
 toward the native village. The native
 part of Mogul Junction consisted of only
 a few straggling streets of lopsided mud-
 and-bamboo huts with roofs of thatch or
 tile, so O’Reilly was not worried when
 he lost sight of his quarry at the first'
 turn.

   He continued down the dusty lane un-
 til he came to an open space on the other
 side, where cakes of cowdung had been
 stacked to dry. He stopped to listen.
 There was no sound but the mournful
 laughter of jackals somewhere on the
 baked plain far beyond the dark dump
 of palms.

   O’Reilly turned into the next street
 without catching sight of Eustace Potts.
 He did see, however, a crack of light
 shining between the solid wooden shut-
 ters of a hut just a few steps ahead. He
 approached carefully, brought one eye
 close to the narrow opening. Then he
 smiled to himself.

 TNSIDE the bare, mud-plastered room,
 A sat two men. One was the man who
 called himself Reverend Eustace Potts.
 The other was a thin, red-faced, fish-
 eyed individual whom O’Reilly recog-
 nized as Henry Fayne, the mineralogist
 from Delhi.

 On a table between them burned a na-
 tive lamp—a wick floating in an earthen-
 ware bowl of cocoanut oil. Also on the
 table—and O’Reilly breathed a deep sigh
 of relief—was an oblong green package
 bearing two large blobs of green sealing
 wax. The Reverend Potts kept the fingers
 of one hand tightly clasped about the
 package as he spoke to Fayne. His voice
 was low-pitched and came to O’Reilly
 only as an unintelligible rumble. Fayne
 said little, although he nodded occasion-
 ally.

  O’Reilly congratulated himself. He had
not only recovered, practically, the miss-
ing ore samples, but he had established
the criminal complicity of Henry Fayne
of Delhi, unearthed his Zarapore lieuten-
ant, and in all likelihood put his finger
on the murderer of Dr. Khopri. What’s
more, he had caught them with the
goods. He—

  Fayne’s lips moved. He and the Rever-
end Potts turned their heads abruptly to-
ward the window. O’Reilly knew they
could not see him, but it was uncom-
fortable to feel them staring in his direc-
tion. The Reverend Potts quickly unbut-
toned his clerical jacket, slipped his right
hand toward his left armpit. Fayne
reached over to pinch out the floating
wick. The room went dark.

  O’Reilly dropped to his haunches. His
hand moved to his hip, seeking the com-
fortable touch of steel. It was not cold
steel—nothing was cold in India at this
time of year—but it was comforting, nev-
ertheless. His fingers curled tightly about
the butt of his .45.

  Keeping his head below the level of the
sill, he backed slowly away from the
window. He wanted to reach the corner
of the hut where he could still command
an exit from the window and yet watch
the door if the two men tried to escape
that way. Then, with brutal abruptness,
the universe came, roaring down about
his ears.

  O’Reilly did not know what hit him.
His fleeting impression was that the sky
had fallen on him from the rear, striking
the back of his skull with a great,
crunching smash. There was a blaze of
pain, a brief, whirling flash of giddy light.
He felt himself drawn into a vortex of
dizzy darkness, a void in which nothing
existed.

HE was out for only a few seconds, he
thought, because as he fought his
way back to dazed consciousness, he was
aware of things going on around him.
He was sure he heard running footsteps,
but when he tried to follow, his muscles
disobeyed.

  He thought, too, that he heard the roar
of a passing train, the shriek of a loco-
motive whistle, the bark of a pistol, the
slamming of a door—but he couldn’t be
sure. Perhaps they were just part of the
confused noises drumming in his ears.
Time and. space seemed completely
scrambled, and he couldn’t quite find his
own place in the chaos.

   With great effort, he finally raised him-
 self to one knee. He groped along the
 ground and touched his gun; that was a
 relief. He stood up. A sick wave of
 dizziness swept over him, and he leaned
 against he wall of the hut. He was aware
 of a throbbing welt growing on the back
 of his head He breathed deeply and
 found the Wbrld settling down to its old
 solidity beneath his feet. He began to
 walk.	.

  He made he circuit of the hut without
meeting anyone. He came back to the
door. It was locked. There would be
nobody inside, of course. Fayne and the
padre had been frightened away. And
yet it seemed impossible that either of
them should have had time to sneak
around behind him and lay him out cold.
Perhaps it was someone who had follow-
ed him from the station: Janeiro, per-
haps; or Professor Gurda. Maybe he’d
better have a look inside, anyhow.

  He struck a match to examine the door
lock. He was so startled by what the

flame revealed that he dropped the
match. It sizzled out in a puddle of
crimson. There was blood seeping out
from under the door.

   O’Reilly stepped back, then flung his
 shoulder against the wooden panel. Pain-
 ful fireworks went off inside his head. He
 stepped back again. The panel was flimsy
 and the lock primitive. He tried again.
 There was a splintering crash. The door
 shuddered inward.

   O’Reilly stepped aside, poked his gun
 past the jamb.

   “Come outa there!” he ordered.

   There was no answer. Across the street
 a shutter opened and a woman called
 something in Hindustani. A few houses
 further on, a light appeared. An old man
 came out carrying a lantern.

   “Get away with that light!” O’Reilly
 commanded. “Chalao! Scram!”

   The old man stopped in his tracks.

   O’Reilly cautiously ventured inside the
 hut. At the third step his foot brushed
 something heavy but yielding. He
 changed his course, hugged the wall,
 feeling his way along until he was oppo-
 site the door. Satisfied that his adver-
 saries, at least the abled-bodied ones, had
 gone, he shouted:

  “You can bring that lantern now.
 Chiragh lao.”

   The old man came as far as the door,
 then grunted, set down the lantern in a
 hurry, and backed away in awe.

 THE glow- illuminated a man lying on
 the floor in a pool of blood. His face
 was turned toward O’Reilly, and the eyes
 were closed. It was the Reverend Eus-
 tace Potts.

   O’Reilly walked quickly to the motion-
 less figure. Near the padre’s outstretched
 hand was his Bible. Between him and the
 table was the torn green paper which
 had wrapped the Maharajah’s manganese
 samples.

   O’Reilly bent over to peer into the pale
 face. He felt the shoulder holster; it was
 empty. He explored the man’s sticky
 shirt for a heartbeat.

   The Reverend Eustace Potts’ eyelids
 fluttered open. He stared dully at O’Reil-
 ly. His lips moved faintly, but no words
 came. Then his fingers moved. He was
 trying to point to something, something
 on his person.

   “Sure, I know you’re hurt, Reverend,”
 O’Reilly said. “It’s probably your own
 damned fault, but I’ll see what I can do
 for you. Which one of those mugs shot
 you?”

   The fingers still moved. To O’Reilly
 they seemed to be pointing to the pocket
 of the clerical tunic.

   The redhead plunged his big fist into
 the pocket, brought ought half a dozen
 polished gray discs. He stared at them, a
 puzzled frown wrinkling his forehead.
 They looked like he buffalo-horn poker
 chips that the minister of education had
 given him. What the devil?

   He stared at the Reverend Potts, whose
 pain-wracked eyes were full of questions
 as they held his gaze. O’Reilly looked at
 the horn discs again. Then he looked at
 the Bible on the floor, and the torn green
 paper. An expansive grin bloomed sud-
 denly on his rugged face. He nodded vio-
 lently that he understood.

   “I get it, Reverend,” he said. “Nice
 work.”

   A shadow of a smile flickered in the
 clergyman’s eyes. He sighed. His lids
 closed.

O’REILLY gathered up the wounded
man in his arms, strode to the door.
A crowd of Indians had gathered in the
narrow street watching in silence.

   “Is there a railway doctor in this

 dump?” O’Reilly demanded. “Can one of
 you lead me to a doctor? Hakim hail"

 A naked brown boy stepped forward.
 "Hakim-ka-ghar idhar hai.”

 “Sahib,” he said, starting off for the
 colony of railway bungalows.

   O’Reilly followed. The Reverend Eus-
 tace Potts was no featherweight and the
 lump on the back of O’Reilly’s head gave
 off sparks and steam at every jolting
 step, but he managed to keep up with the
 boy, until they reached the doctor’s bun-
 galow.

   The railway doctor was a white-haired
 old man, blinded by sleep, naked except
 for a pair of shorts and a flannel cum-
 merbund. He came shuffling out to his
 veranda in response to O’Reilly’s bellow-
 ing.

   “What in the name of Brahma is going
 on?” he grumbled sleepily. “Another de-
 railment? Or is Mrs. Sousa having pre-
 mature pains? Or— Good lord, Harrison!
 Bring him inside. Quickly.”

   The doctor had finally got his eyes open
 wide enough to see the limp and bloody
 figure in O’Reilly’s arms, and instantly
 he was thoroughly awake. He led the way
 into the house, calling for lights, hot wa-
 ter, and instruments.

   As he bent over the wounded man, cut-
 ting away his clothing, he asked: “What
 the ruddy dickens is Harrison doing in
 Mogul Junction?”

   “The man’s name is the Reverend Eus-
 tace Potts,” said O’Reilly.

   “Yes, yes, I know.” The doctor smiled
 tolerantly as he worked. “You C. I. D.
 men like to be ruddy mysterious, don’t
 you? But don’t forget I’ve been in India
 fifty years, and I know every secret agent
 between Bengal and the Western Ghats.
 I’ve known Harrison for twenty years.
 He can’t fool me by dressing up like a
 ruddy vicar.”

   “Is he hurt bad, Doc?”

  “He’ll have a belly ache for a few
 weeks,” the doctor said. “Lucky he’s got
 plenty of paunch to spare, so he won’t
 miss the few inches of blubber that car-
 ried away. Of course I’ve got to be care-
 ful about digging out these bits of under-
 shirt the bullet has planted here and
 there . . . Hello, Harrison. Does that
 hurt?”

   The sting of antiseptic and the bite of
 the doctor’s probe had penetrated the
 pseudo-clergyman’s coma. He opened
 his eyes.

   “I don’t suppose there’s any use of my
 asking you to introduce me to your
 friend here, Harrison,” the doctor went
 on, “because you’ll only tell me he’s the
 Viceroy himself traveling incognito. He's
 a C. I. D. agent, of course.”

  The man who called himself Eustace
 Potts smiled wanly. “He is—for tonight,”
 he whispered.

   “That’s a hint for me to get on with
 the job,” said O’Reilly. “I’ll be seeing
 you.”

 LONG before he reached the waiting
 room again, O’Reilly knew that Pro-
 fessor Gurda was still there and enjoy-
 ing undisturbed slumber. No other
 human could produce the hair-raising
 dissonances that resounded on the hot
 night.

   He hurried to the bench under which
 he had left his baggage and held his
 breath as he looked through his parcels
 for the box of Jaipur enamel which had
 contained the minister of education’s
 poker chips.

   There it was, heaven be praised. It
 was much heavier than it had been ori-
 ginally; strange he hadn’t noticed that
 before. He moved toward the door and

11
opened the box. Yes, there wa§ the col-
lection or rocks and clods that meant so
much to the Maharajah and perhaps to
Britain’s war. Smart guys, these boys of
the Criminal Investigation Department.

  O’Reilly wondered if Mr. Harrison,
alias Eustace Potts, expected him .to do
anything further about Janeiro and
Fayne. Janeiro, of course, was gone from
the waiting room; it was undoubtedly he
who had smacked O’Reilly from the rear,
just as it was Fayne who had shot Harri-
son-Potts on discovering a Bible in place
of the ore samples.

  O’Reilly had no authority to act, but
he felt the least he could do would be to
give justice a gentle nudge. He went to
look up the station master.

  He was surprised to find the station
master’s office locked and the light out.
He could have sworn that when he
passed a moment before the office had
been open. He was still rattling the door
when the tail of his glance picked up
three spectral figures moving across the
tracks toward the freight yards, perhaps
a hundred yards away. Something about
the way the specters moved told him that
they were wearing white European
trousers, not Hindu dhotis. Immediately
he started in cautious pursuit.

  He remained within the protecting
shadow of the station walls until he saw
the three figures disappear behind a line
of goods vans on a siding. Then he drew
his gun and sprinted.

WHEN he reached the line of cars, he
again slowed to a stealthy pace. He
climbed silently over the couplings be-
tween two cars and looked in both direc-
tions.

  Again he saw the three specters. They
were only fifty yards from him now-
close enough for him to recognize them.
Janeiro and Fayne were marching the
station master before them at the point
o£ Fayne’s gun, marching him toward the
next track where a handcar stood.

  “That’s all, Fayne. Up with your hands,
Janeiro!” O’Reilly bellowed suddenly.

  Fayne whirled and fired twice. The
station master started to run, stumbled,
and fell flat on his face. O’Reilly ducked
back between the cars, his .45 thundering.

  Fayne and Janeiro started pushing the
handcar down the track. O’Reilly fired
again. He could hear the bullet clang
against steel and ricochet whining into
the night.

  The motor on the handcar wheezed,
coughed, and popped into action. Janeiro
and Fayne jumped aboard as the car be-
gan to gain momentum.

  O’Reilly leaped from between the
freight cars, took aim, squeezed the trig-
ger, then started running. Both Janeiro
and Fayne were shooting at him now.
The orange flashes of their guns made a
flickering pattern with the intermittent
blue flame of the motor exhaust.

  O’Reilly raised his arm, drew careful
bead to make the last shots count. Then
his finger froze on the trigger. His arm
fell, and his mouth opened. He could
not have explained why he wanted to
yell, and he didn’t have to explain, be-
cause no sounds came from his parted
lips.

  The men on the handcar probably
wouldn’t have heard him anyhow. The
motor was making too much noise—so
much noise that they didn’t hear the
switch engine come charging around the
corner of the freight shed on the same
track. Facing the rear to exchange shots
with O’Reilly, they had their backs to the
onrushing locomotive when it struck the
handcar.

  The crash and clatter of rending metal
dinned on O’Reilly’s ears. The handcar
seemed to explode, flinging pieces in all
directions, pieces of wood and steel, of
Eurasian and mineralogist, of cowcatcher
and gasoline motor.

  When the switch engine came to a stop
and O’Reilly and the station master ran
to where the handcar had been, there
wasn’t quite enough of Fayne and Jane-
iro left for the railway doctor to work on.

THE Punjab Mail, luckily, was a few
minutes late, so O’Reilly had time to
get Professor Gurda awake and ready for
loading. They had a compartment to
themselves, so O’Reilly could continue his
detailed history.of the lump on the back
of his head.

  “So you can see that the guys in Delhi
weren’t quite as dumb as His Highness

thought, since they had a C. I. D. dick in
Zarapore, watching the whole show,” he
said.

He ran a hand through his red hair.

“And when this dick in padre’s rig gets
left alone at that last station where you
and me and Janeiro get off, he figures
we’re too careless with the ore samples
and he’ll help out by making ’em harder
to steal. So he dumps the rocks into that
box where the poker chips were, and he
wraps the green paper around his Bible,
which was about the same size as the
other package.

“He knows where this bird Fayne is
hiding in Mogul Junction, so he goes
around with the package, probably ex-
pecting Fayne to make some crack which
would show whether there was a Nazi
in the rock pile, or just the Maharajah’s
half-brother Mahmed. All Fayne did,
though, was to say something to get the
padre to turn his head while he puts out
the light and plugs him in the stomach.

“Of course, the padre must have spot-
ted me for a cop right away and a New
York cop at that, so he knew he wouldn’t
have to draw diagrams. He knew a New
York cop would be following him like a
bird dog, and if anything happened, why
it’d be a cinch I’d get the signals on the
poker chips right away.

“And the chips wouldn’t mean a thing
to anybody else but me. It’s funny how
cops sort of feel a thing, from one cop to
the other, without saying a word. Sixth
Avenue sense, we call it in Manhattan.

“The padre'll probably be tickled to
death when he comes to tomorrow and
finds out that those two yeggs accident-
ally committed suicide trying to make a
getaway. And did they commit it. You
couldn’t have done a better job with a
meat ax.”

The roar of the Punjab Mail crossing
a bridge covered O’Reilly’s voice. The
first gleam of dawn lay upon the river,
making the girders of the bridge seem
very black as they leaped past the car
window. On the far bank the minarets
of a mosque raised thin dark fingers
against the paling’ sky, like an adrnoni-
tion for silence. O’Reilly stopped talk-
ing.

But Professor Gurda snored.

ATTENTION, PLEASE

            Because the reading public has responded so avidly to Argosy
            in its new and more convenient size—and because we want
            to give you the finest magazine that your money can buy, we
            are happy to announce the following improvements beginning
            next week:

16 MORE PAGES

NO CARRY-OVERS TO BACK PAGES
LARGER, CLEARER TYPE

All this in the Argosy for March 15th — on Sale March 5th

12	'
Jeopardy's Jewel

     \

By H. Bedford-Jones

Author of “Sinister Sapphire,” “The Angry Amethyst ” etc.

THE detective for the jewel insur-
ance people was cool, efficient, cal-
lous. He sat in the office of
Shipman’s gem laboratory—quite with-
out emotion—described the strange case
of the young woman who had lost
herself.

  “She’s been seen here, in this state,
in this city,” he went on. “Because
of her strange mania for jewels, she
may turn up at any of the big shops,
or she may come here to your place.
We’ll run her down, of course, and shall
count upon your help.”

  Shipman and his assistant, Korvo, as-
sented with courteous interest.

  Inwardly the tall, hawk-faced Ship-
man was suffering a chaos of emo-
tions; this final blow had shocked him
deeply. Might come here? She had
already been here four times, changing
the course of his whole thought and ac-
tion and life.

  And now he must lie about it to the
insurance people: he, Luke Shipman,
one of the foremosl experts in precious
stones, must lie if he would protect
her.

“This young woman disappeared three

 months ago from Seattle, where she
 was attending college,” went on the dis-
 passionate voice. “She’s been reported
 in various cities, always in connection
 with jewel thefts; she must have a
 pretty swell collection by now.”

   “Her background?” suggested Korvo,
 who appreciated the suffering of his
 chief. “Her name, family and so
 forth? ”

   The detective went over his notes. To
 Shipman, the torture was growing in-
 tolerable. Despite everything, he had
 believed in this girl, trusted her, helped

 This evasive, sinister beauty
 whose face is in the heart of
 every priceless gem, pays her
 fifth visit to Shipman’s labora-
 tory. With her she brings a
 shimmering opal—and a proph-
 ecy of one last soul-shattering
 conflict

He understood at last on the white beach
there at Guaymas, facing leveled rifles in
the early sunrise

her; heaven help him, he was in love
with her! Yet this information hurt
more than anything else.

  “Marie Wilson, aged twenty-two. Of
excellent family, her father dead, her
mother remarried. She does not lack
money, having her own inheritance.
Here's a photograph.”

  He offered it.

  Shipman forced himself to look at
it; his heart chilled. It was her like-
ness; this was the girl who had sat
here in this very office. And he must
lie about it.

  “Now, we don’t want the police in it;
we don’t want her arrested, if we can
avoid it,” said the detective. “Appar-
ently it’s a case of mania, of mental
unbalance; she’s screwy on no other
subject, in no other way.

  “She steals stones and hoards ’em.
My business is to get ’em back. Her
family will make good every loss. There’s
to be no prosecution.

  “But, mind you, Lord knows what may
happen with such a mental case! A
woman of the very highest character, if
deranged on the subject of jewels, may
go to any length.”

  Shipman lied, Korvo lied; the detective
presently took his leave, humming a gay
tune. With him, it was just another case
to be run down and closed.

13
 TN THE office of this laboratory, whose
 brains and machines served the jewel
 trade of the entire country, where every
 last secret of precious stones was laid
 bare by the latest scientific research, the
 two men sat and looked at each other.

   “Chief, I know how you feel,” said
 Korvo gently. His dark, powerful fea-
 tures held a great compassion. “Now,
 this backs up my theory; don’t feel down
 in the mouth. We can get in touch with
 this girl; at least, she’ll be coming here.
 We’re the only ones who can help her.”
 Shipman groaned. “If your theory is
 right, she’s possessed by a devil!”

   “Yes; a devil who’s mad about jewels.
 And that’s why we can help. I believe
 we can rid her of this devil. I know the
 way. I’ve been reading up; another two
 or three days, and I’ll be ready to han-
 dle the case.

    “Remember, her only hope is in us. Let
 the medicos get hold of her, and she’s
 lost. They’d never believe in this theory;
 they’d call her insane.

   “And she’s not insane. So cheer up,
 chief. Need me this afternoon?”

   “No.”

   “Then I’ll run downtown; it’s on her
 case, too. There’s one thing I need, when
 we do take her in hand, and I know
 where to find it”

   The door closed behind him. Alone,
 Shipman gloomily poured himself a
 drink; he needed it. Believe in devils—
 of course the doctors wouldn’t! Who
 would?

    In the effort to put it all out of his
 mind, he flung himself into work. The
 laboratory specialized in testing and
 treating stones, in mounting them, cut-
 ting them, inventing new uses for them, •
 and in teaching all these things to the
 trade.

   Shipman was dictating furiously, when
 the interphone buzzed. The reception-
 ist in the outer office spoke.

 “That young lady, Mr. Shipman. Miss
 Crews.”

 For an instant, Shipman’s heart stood
 still. Then he found voice.

 “Send her in at once.”

 She walked in, as the stenographer
 departed. She stood inside the door, re-
 garding him coolly, distantly, almost with
 hostility. But she was very lovely: slim,
 proud, darkly capable.

 “I’m glad you came!” Shipman started
 up, as she came to the desk. “So you’re
 Marie Wilson; that’s your real name!”

 She halted; angry suspicion flamed in
 her eyes.

 “How do you know that?”

 “A detective was here; you’re being
 sought everywhere,” Shipman said rap-
 idly. “We took care of it, but you’re in
 frightful danger of being picked up.
 Won’t you put yourself in my hands?
 Won’t you trust me, let me—”

 “I don’t care to discuss it at all,” she
 broke in, to his shocked amazement. No
 doubt of her hostility now. “I came
 here because I had to come, and I’ll
 come again; they can’t catch me. You
 know the worst about me, and you’ll not
 give me away or trap me.”

 “No,” said Shipman in a low voice.
 “No. You know you can trust me. But
 you’re not yourself today; you’re—”

 “I am myself,” she interrupted again,
 almost with disdain. “I came to ask you
 to put a stone in the machine for me.
 It’s glorious, glorious! I can’t wait to
 see it, to hear what it says to me!”

“Let me have it,” said Shipman
quietly.

 A S SHE searched in her bag, he forced
 himself to see her objectively, with-
 out sentiment. He knew the truth now;
 14

 her words had confirmed the worst sus-
 picions.

   She was two persons, and this was the
 other person today: the devil, the ele-
 mental, as Korvo called it; the being that
 had seized upon her, driving her despite
 herself with a lust for jewels.

   Hitherto, Shipman had seen her fight-
 ing against this alter ego; but today the
 girl he knew was gone, and here was a
 hard, cold, passionless being moved only
 by the overpowering greed for the gems
 she loved.

   Watching her, in this moment, Shipman
 resolved to play the game; and if possi-
 ble, to save her from herself, or from
 her other self, this very day.

   He put no faith whatever in Korvo’s
 rather vague promises. Korvo’s belief
 that she was possessed by a devil—quite
 literally—was to him ridiculous.

   He did not know what to think, what
 to believe. This attitude of hostility on
 her part, even while she begged a favor,
 was beyond understanding.

   “There!” From her handbag she ex-
 tracted a chamois pouch, loosened its
 draw-strings, and from it produced an
 unset stone of some size: it was as large
 as his thumb.

    “I suppose you can see at a glance why
 it interests me?. And,” she adcled with
 astonishing malice, “don’t you wish it
 were yours?”

   Shipman gave her a glance. “No. A
 man whose life work lies among gems
 must learn at the outset not to covet—
 not even to own any, in fact unless he’s a
 millionaire; and I’m not. Yes, I see why
 it interests you; it would interest any-
 one.”

    The stone was an irregular but beauti-
 ful cabochon; yet it had never been cut
 or even polished. It was one of those
 milky opals found from Mexico to Mon-
 tana, sometimes within the matrix where
 the silica and water have been com-
 pressed; this was just as it had come, from •
 the matrix, one side alive with green,
 the other with red iridescence.

   Further, Shipman knew this particu-
 lar stone. He had seen it in a museum
 in another city, when he was studying
 such opals; it was on the list of stolen
 gems shown him by the insurance detec-
 tive. This girl had stolen it.

    But she had not been able to resist the
 temptation to see its wonders revealed
 by the polyandroscope, that machine
 which Shipman himself had invented.

   “Come along,” he said quietly, and
 turned to the door. He knew that the
 chamois pouch in her handbag must hold
 all these precious stones which she had
 stolen; his clear duty was to summon the
 detective here and now. But he could
 not.

 nPOGETHER they went into the outer
 A office. Korvo was not back yet. Ship-
 man ushered her into the examination
 room; last time she had been here, she
 had made a frantic effort to save her-
 self, as she expressed it. Now she was
 a totally different person.

 The little room, with its three chairs
 and the intricate machinery on the
 stand, closed out the world. Marie Wil-
 son—he knew her real name, now— took
 one of the chairs, put her wrap and her
 bag on the center one, and lighted a
 cigarette.

 Shipman made no attempt to explain
 how the iridescent coloring of the stone
 was due to the cracks in the original
 jelly-like substance, which now refracted
 the light so variously. He saw she want-
 ed no information; she wanted her curi-
 osity, her avid desire, satisfied.

 He was curious, too; and as he placed

 the opal in the central clamp of the ma-
 chine, he wondered why it had made
 so tremendous an appeal to her.

   He switched off the room lights and
 took the unoccupied chair. At the heart
 of the machine was now visible a needle
 of light, which grew stronger and more
 intense.

   Once again, Shipman wondered wheth-
 er the peculiar visions this girl seemed
 to evoke from certain stones were not
 pure hypnosis, induced by this light. A
 neat explanation, could he accept it; but
 he and Korvo knew better.

   “The effect of the polarized light on
 the opal,” said Shipman, breaking the
 silence, “and also of the ultra-violet and
 red rays, should be marvelous. A lucky
 stone, the opal.”

   “I thought it was unlucky,” came her
 voice, still hostile. He laughed softly.

   “No, no. Because one of Scott’s nov-
 els started that notion, it’s not necessar-
 ily true. In fact, it’s been long ago ex-
 ploded, and opals are now highly favored
 in England. In ancient times the opal
 was held sacred to truth; even today,
 the occult East believes that it clears the
 brain, and that its touch is lucky.

   “There! Now it’s coming up.”

   Often as he had seen the workings of
 this machine, its results were ever new
 to him. The great hollow glass ball above
 the stone, the curved silver reflector
 overhead, were suffused with a lovely
 dancing play of colors.

   Gradually, within that sphere, grew the
 image of the stone itself, enormously
 enlarged, but as yet vague in outline.

   But the colof'! It was a riot of flash-
 ing reds and greens shot through with
 living sunlight, continually changing as
 the opal was slowly turned. The lit-
 tle room was lighted almost brilliantly
 with this prismatic sheen.

   Stealing a glance at the girl, Shipman
 saw that she was utterly absorbed, fierce-
 ly intent upon that mass of glowing iri-
 descence. He caught a startled dila-
 tion of her eyes, and looked to see the
 cause.

   The glory of, light in the glass ball
 rippled and deepened, became dotted
 with the yellow smoky glow of many
 lanterns. Shipman saw them plainly as
 lanterns; bluish tobacco smoke twisted
 and twined in them . . .

 VOICES rose in a steady roar of sound,
 and the duller clink of coins and chips.
 Men became visible, tables for gambling,
 heavily crowded; voices of women lifted
 in shriller accents. A drunken voice
 rose piercingly above the confusion:
 “H’ray! H’ray for Frisco! H’ray for New
 Year’s day! H’ray for the year 1852!”
 A roar of laughter went up. “He’s
 still celebrating! Thinks it’s last night
 still!”

 Faces began to grow clear. Between the
 tables and the bar moved a strolling
 guitar player, a Mexican. He came up
 to a man who leaned against a pillar,
 smoking; a man with bold eyes and
 aquiline nose—striking, vibrant, keenly
 alive—and spoke to him softly.

 “Don Gaston, she will be waiting in
 ten minutes, at your office.”

 “At my office? Diable!” The other
 started. “But it’s night. No one is there;
 the office is closed.”

 “All the more reason for you to be
 there and open it.” With a smile and a
 strum of chords, the Mexican moved
 away. Don Gaston was still staring after
 him when another man came up with
 a hearty greeting and a clap on the
 shoulder.

 “Ha, Count Raousset! Not tempting the
 goddess this evening?”
  Here was Patrice Dillon, the handsome,
energetic French consul in San Fran-
cisco, and Raousset turned to him with
suppressed eagerness.

  “No, I’m not gambling. I heard that
a ship from the south arrived today.”

  Dillon glanced around, and spoke in
low, rapid French.

  “Yes. Why didn’t you come to my of-
fice?”

  “I didn’t get back from Sacramento
■until this evening.”

  “Well, you’ve run freight up to the
mines for the last time,” said Dillon.
“The reply is here from Mexico City;
everything is assured. Our men will pay
over their money at once, on the strength
of this. You’ll have five hundred men in
a week’s time.”

  Raousset’s face lit up; it was the face
of a dreamer, a poet, a captain of ad-
venture; such a face as a young Cortez
might have had before age embittered
him. He started to speak, but Dillon
checked him.

  “Not here. Come to my office at eleven
tomorrow. Here’s a man you must meet;
he got in by today’s boat. Danger-
ous ...”

  A suave, pleasant, smiling Mexican,
Don Pedro Yorba. Dillon introduced the
two of them, the three chatted amiably.
Don Pedro was here, it seemed, to settle
some land disputes with the United
States, regarding the vast California
ranches.

  Raousset found him affable and a good
talker; he wore a glorious opal ring, an
enormous stone which he himself had
found, he said, while crossing the desert
some years ago.

  As quickly as possible, Raousset made
his excuses and hurried out of the Lucky
Strike gambling hall. Here, under the
stars, he could give free rein to his
wild exultation.

  He had soldiered, colonized, adven-
tured; he had written novels, had man-
aged a newspaper; now he had come
to California as one among uncounted
thousands—but the only one destined to
become a king!

  Thus he told himself as he hastened
through the dark, sandy, filthy streets to
the upstairs loft that he dignified by title
of office.

  The guarantees here, the money sub-
scribed, Mexico welcoming him! All in
a moment, everything had come true—
dreams, plans, ambitions. That steamer
from the south had brought everything
this day. Raousset blew a kiss to the
lights of the ships in the bay. He was
ecstatic, overjoyed, transfigured; he was,
actually, no longer the same man.

MOUNTING the stairs to his office, he
hastily got a lamp alight, closed the
door of the back room where he lived
and slept, and hurriedly brushed up the
room a bit. That she should come here
was astonishing; but then, the Dona Ynez
did as she pleased and was a law unto
herself.

  A refugee from Mexico, she had opened
a restaurant for Latin-Americans and
was making money fast. In this amaz-
ing melting pot of all nations, drawn by
the mad lust for gold, it was work or
starve; noblemen, princes, scions of
wealth and genius, worked with their
bare hands.

  Was not Count Raousset, of the Bour-
bon line, a lighterman plying a freight

•	boat to Sacramento?

  She came, a light swift foot upon the
stairs. Smiling, she entered and he
bowed over her hand with formal phras-
es. She was slender, dark, a Spanish
mantilla about her head, a cloak envelop-

ing her graceful figure. Her lustrous
eyes widened upon him, as she laughed.

  “You greet me formally, Don Gaston?
What courtesy!”

  “I greet you as a queen,” he said, with
dignity, and placed a chair for her.

“Gracias!” She laughed again, and seat-
ed herself. “I needed to see you tonight;

I have had word that I may be allowed
to return to Mexico, that the government
has decided to restore my estates. And
you have spoken of going there—”

  “All that is of small importance now.”
He brushed aside her words. Despite
his French ways and gestures, there
was a certain simplicity about him, a
direct appeal; one felt the charm that
never failed him. “You shall have great-
er estates than your family ever owned;
jewels, servants, wealth, power!”

  She leaned forward, puzzled, intent.
This new air of self-assurance, of com-
mand, became him well.

  “Something has happened, Gaston?”
“Everything has happened!” He
laughed suddenly, cast off formality,
•seized her hand and kissed it. “Now I
can speak freely; now I can tell you
everything. I go to Mexico by the next
ship. You shall come; then you’ll marry
no laboring man, but a child of destiny!”
“Tell me,” she exclaimed. “And,” she
added shrewdly, “only facts, Gaston. No
dreams.”

  Thanks to the aid of Dillon, Count
Raousset had only facts to tell.

HE POINTED out to her how the in-
flux of French in California had
met with trouble. They, the Chinese,
the Latin-Americans, had been driven
from the gold fields by those of Ameri-
can birth; they were ready for anything.
And he had a project to offer them.

  It was no dream, but a solid future.
He had been a staff officer in Algeria;
he knew his business. Mexico had now
agreed to let him head a large number
of French “colonists” who would come
from California.

  He would go to Mexico City, sign the
necessary papers, get the required—and
promised—commission, then go back and
meet his first arrivals at Guaymas.

  They would be armed, of course, for
protection against the Apaches. They
were to colonize the fertile valleys of
Sonora.

  “You see?” he concluded. “I, Dillon,
one or two others—we alone know the
truth. Once established, we seize Guay-
mas and the rest of the Sonora coast; it
is ours, the silver and gold mines are
ours. More Frenchmen flood in. You
shall be queen of Sonora!”

  She caught her breath. He was in
sober earnest; and his dream was pos-
sible.

  “And you, Gaston—a king?”

  He nodded. “It’s not fantastic. Look
at the Mormons in Utah; their empire is
independent of the United States. There
is talk of California becoming independ-
ent, as Texas was. A king has established
himself on the islands in Lake Michigan;
they say he has thousands of followers
and is actually a crowned king. So why
not in Sonora?”

  Why not, indeed? Mexican rule was
slack; a thousand determined French-
men could seize the province. American
capital was interested in the scheme. The
ultimate aim was still a deep secret.
Once established, the new kingdom
would be recognized by France. The
United States was too torn by slavery
troubles to interfere.

  It was a glittering, shimmering pros-
pect. As he talked, Count Raousset
thought of the opal he had seen on Don

Pedro’s hand; yes, his plan was glori-
ous and iridescent as that opal.

  The girl kindled to the possibility. “But
be careful, Gaston!” she warned him,
when they had discussed the future and
resolved to seek Mexico together. “Be
careful! San Francisco is full of Mexican
spies, they say. All sorts of plans are
afoot here, plots and conspiracies and
intrigues; some want to seize Lower Cal-
ifornia, others talk of Nicaragua. Spies
have been planted here to send word
of such things to Mexico. Be careful!”

  Raousset gravely assured her that not
six people knew the secret—all of it.
Then, donning hat and coat, he escorted
her to her own place; it was close by.
And, if they parted upon a kiss, only the
stars saw.

  With morning, every dream came true
in Patrice Dillon’s office; the documents,
the guarantees, the money. But, before
Raousset left, Dillon cautioned him.

  “Be careful of one person; watch the
fellow I introduced you to last night.”

  “Don Pedro Yorba?”

  “Precisely. He’s a Mexican agent, if
I know anything; and that means spy
work!”

  Raousset laughed, promised caution,
and with a twirl of his moustache went
his way, walking on air if ever a man
did. He had already sold his boat and a
few cattle he had picked up as a specula-
tion, and was in funds; the future was
golden.

  That night, as he stood watching a rou-
lette table in the Lucky Strike, Raousset
found Don Pedro at his elbow. They
fell into talk; they went to the bar and
drank; they went to Raousset’s office
and there, over cigars and a bottle of
wine, they talked late and made, an
engagement for the morrow.

  Raousset was wary, and knew precisely
what he was doing. He liked Don Pe-
dro, however," finding him a man much
like himself: soldier, adventurer, gay
blade, even a dreamer. Don Pedro
might well be a spy, but he was pos-
sessed of a high sense of honor and a
tremendous Spanish pride, which Raous-
set appreciated.

  In fact, the two men drew close to-
gether during the succeeding days. They
were drawn by a mutual liking and ad-
miration. So far as his colonizing
schemes went, Raousset could talk open-
ly of them, up to a certain point, and did;
they were no secret.

  He took Don Pedro up to Sacramento
to see the gold diggings, discussed col-
onization and Apache fighting with-him,
and in short did everything except trust
him.

WHEN he went to Monterey, however,
only Dillon accompanied him. They
were gone a week—for Raousset a week
of greater import than it seemed. At
Monterey they met three of the six per-
sons who knew the entire secret.

  Financial and legal matters were set-
tled, transportation to Guaymas from
San Francisco, arms and munitions—a
score of details regarding the practical
side of the expedition were set in order.

  Raousset was delighted with the busi-
ness-like form everything had taken. And
his backers were delighted with him;
his magnetism, his power of attracting
men, was equalled only by his cool com-
mon sense and capability.

  So he and Dillon rode back to San
Francisco. They got into the city late
at night, and went to the Lucky Strike
for a bite to eat and a drink, and a whirl
of the dice; Dillon was ever a man for
the tables, though Raousset was not.

  Amid the familiar roaring crowd, the
      Argosy—March 8	15
haze of tobacco smoke, and the click of
chips and coins, the two separated.
Raousset grasped at food and gulped his
wine, being weary and hungry. A laugh,
a strumming twang of chords, and the
Mexican guitar player at his elbow. He
bit at a cigar and nodded amiably to
the man, who was paid by the house.

  “Well, Tomas? I just got back; it is too
late to see her. She is well?”

  “Oh, quite well, sen or, quite well! But
she has gone away, across the bay.”
“Eh?” Raousset looked at the man, who
was a malignant, scarred rascal, work-
ing during the day as a dishwasher in the
restaurant of Dona Ynez. “Gone where?”
The Mexican strummed a note or two,
winked and grinned.

  “To the Rancho de las Rosas, the
hacienda of Senor Vaca; it is a grand
baile, a dance. She will be back tomor-
row. But when the swallows go away,
the swifts take their nests, eh?”
Raousset’s eyes sharpened. He knew
what a rogue this fellow was; he caught
the undertone of significance in the
drawling peon voice. He felt in his
pocket, produced a coin and placed it
in the man’s hand.

  “Well?”

  “Ah, caballero, I kiss your hands and
feet!” The other pouched the coin,
strummed a chord, and grinned again.
“The excellent Don Pedro went also,
senor. Adios!

  He moved away gracefully, his lilting
voice breaking into song, leaving Raous-
set stricken and agape. Don Pedro Yorba!

.. "Dioble!” he exclaimed. And, puffing
at his cigar, he left the place and sought
his dark, chill office; jealousy seethed and
burst into flame in his soul. He had not
discussed Ynez with Don Pedro, but now
he intended to discuss Don Pedro with
her.

HE DID it, the following afternoon.
Haggard and impetuous, he picked
her' up and took her in a hired carriage,
out over the sandy hills and on to the
beach, _ and had the thing out. When
Ynez, at last, divined the cause of his
trouble and suffering, she burst into a
trill of silvern laughter and hugged his
arm.

  “Gaston! I laugh at your imagination,
and I grieve for your needless pain.”
She pouted deliciously, concern in her
eyes denying the laughter in her voice.
“In two words, let me put your anger
to rest. I love you; I don’t love him!
Oh, he is a great caballero; he is hand-
some, he is wealthy—but what is he to
you?”

  “He’s in love with you, then?”

  “Not particularly. He amuses himself
with me,” she replied, maliciously. “And
privately I amuse myself with him, he
is such a fool! He thinks that I do not
know he has a wife and three children
in Guadalajara.”

 An angry word escaped Raousset.
“What? And he dares to approach you?”
“Tut, tut!” She laughed again, her
hand warm in his. “My dear, it’s just his
way; let him be, and remain satisfied.
Are you not my divinity? Shall we not
be in Mexico together? Then forget poor
Don Pedro. I can’t prevent his hanging
around me, and after all he’s rather nice
to talk with when you’re gone.”

  “I shan’t be gone again,” said Raous-
set, and kissed her.

  “And now tell me everything,” she
urged gayly. “I have news for you, too;
I’ve sold the restaurant, and shall turn
it over tomorrow. Then I’m free, until
the next steamer that goes to Guaymas.
Your steamer, Gaston!”

  She chattered of her affairs, drifted
16

around to his, and sat enthralled while
he told her what had happened at Mon-
terey. Raousset sketched every detail for
her, showed her how nothing was being
left to chance; his tremendous relief,
his vast happiness, filled his heart to
bursting.

  In this moment of her love, he could
have forgiven the whole world all its
injuries; he could almost have forgiven
Don Pedro his lust—almost, but not
quite.

  It was not until they were nearly
back to the city, with the sun westering,
that he noticed the chain around her
neck. At his inquiry, her slender fingers
went to the gold chain, her eyes went
to his face, her lips parted breathlessly.

  “Promise me you’ll not be angry?”

  “Why the devil should I be angry?”
he said, laughing.

  “But promise; your word of honor.”

  “Certainly!” All trouble or suspicion
was far from his mind. He smiled into
her dark, lovely eyes, and swore the
oath she desired. “Word of honor, my
dear! No anger; not even one angry
look! So let’s have the terrible secret,
sweet child!”

  She lifted the chain from her bosom,
displaying the pendant that had hitherto
been hidden from sight.

  Raousset swallowed hard as that flash
of fire met his eyes. He recognized the
stone that had been in the ring of Don
Pedro, the glorious milky opal that was
always green on the one side and crim-
son on the other. A somber prescience
flashed into his mind.

  “Green and red and white: they are
the colors of Mexico,” he said bitterly.
“Well, no anger. If you accept jewels
from other men, I must like it, eh?”

  “No. It is a loan, Gaston, no more;-'
the day we’re married, I’ll return it to
him,” she declared. “Look, how beau-
tiful it is! Until then, let me play with
it.”

  She was like a child, bathing herself
in the iridescence of this gem. Raousset
was amazed by the wild passion it
aroused in her; he had not dreamed that
a woman could be so enthralled by a
mere jewel. Her promise to return it
mollified his first resentment; her naive
delight in the opal, her utter abandon
to its hypnotic charm, actually pleased
him.

  Her kisses restored his confidence and
his high spirits; and as they drove back
into the sprawling sandhill city, he swore
that the Queen of Sonora should wear
the most wondrous opals in all Mexico.

  He did not, however, forget Don Pe-
dro Yorba. Perhaps she was careful that
he should not forget Don Pedro; for
as she kissed him at parting, she laughed
and promised again that she would re-
turn the opal to Don Pedro, before their
marriage.

  Thus Raousset went away with the
thought in his head. And that evening
he looked for Don Pedro and found him
at a monte table in the Lucky Strike.

DON PEDRO was winning; he was
playing broad gold pieces and win-
ning fast, a whole heap of them before
him. A laughing, excited crowd was
watching the game.

  Raousset came and stood behind Don
Pedro, who was not aware of his pres-
ence. Anger boiled in him at thought
of this handsome caballero trying to
buy the favors of Ynez with gems; this
man, who had left a family in the
South!

  Then a spark touched the tinder, as
someone nearby cracked a jest about
luck at cards meaning no luck at love,

and Don Pedro broke into a gay laugh

  “Not true in my -case, amigo!" said he,
raking in more gold. “I’ve found both
cards and ladies very kind to me in
your charming city. I’ve nothing to
complain of.”

  “But perhaps I have,” said Raousset.

  Don Pedro glanced around, recognized
him, saw the storm of fury in his gaze,
and came erect with an astonished oath.

It was- checked midway, as Raousset
struck him across the face. He staggered,
and recovered.

  “Are you mad, Raousset?” he cried
out, between amazement and anger.

  “You damned Mexican spy!” retorted
Raousset, determined not to bring the
name of Ynez into this public brawl.
“I’m not insane, no. But I have a pistol
that will do the talking for me.”

  So he had, and brought it out.

  Tumult was instant, and hasty scatter-
ing of the crowd, leaving the two men
alone. Don Pedro, beside himself with
rage, called for a pistol. Someone stepped
up with one, and the crowd yelled with
glee as Don Pedro took it.

  “Back to back! Ten paces and fire!”
exclaimed a voice. “Reg’lar duel, boys!”

  Raousset and Don Pedro, eyeing one
another, exchanged a nod. The bartend-
er acted as master of ceremonies; amid
the shouts of delight, the wagers, the
roars of laughter, the two men came
back to back and then stepped out. The \
bartender’s voice counted off the paces.

 “Ten! Do your damndest and no
scalping!”

  Raousset wheeled at the word. He
was & trace ahead of Don Pedro. He
waited, deliberately, till the other pistol
leveled; then squeezed. The two shots
roared out as one, a drift of powder-
smoke belching and mingling.

  Raousset felt the hot breath of a bul-
let past his cheek, saw Don Pedro star-
ing wildly through the smoke; then the
Mexican fell.

  They laid him on a table; he was
dying. Raousset gloomily looked down
and met those brilliant, handsome eyes.

  “Spy, Mexican spy?” murmured Don
Pedro. “No. Not I. I’m not the spy,
but—”

  His head lolled and the life went out
of him.

 The crowd roared around Count
Raousset, cruelly delighted. Only a
Frenchy killing a Greaser, went up the
word; no matter, no matter! It was all
done fair and aboveboard, and no blame
to anyone.

RAOUSSET pushed his way out of the
throng and into the night air. What
had Don Pedro meant by those last
words? He pondered them vainly, frown-
ingly, intently; he could find no mean-
ing whatever in them. Yet that parting
gasp of life must have had a deep and
terrible message, had it not been cut
short. The thought fascinated Raous-
set.

  Don Pedro had been trying desperately
to tell him something, as he lay dying
on that table.

  Those unfinished words lingered with
Raousset in the days that followed. Again
and again he studied them, pored over
them, tried to discover what was in
them.

  And, in the end, he did discover their
meaning.

  This discovery came to him in the
whitewashed cell at Guaymas, when the
guards laughed at him and taunted
him, and told him of the woman who
greeted her lovers with a chain and
a dangling jewel of fire, lit by the flames
of hell.
  He had learned, now, that Dona Ynez
loved not him alone, but had loved
many, and would love many more in
her gainsome trade.

  And the unfinished speech of Don
Pedro was made clear to him on the
white beach at Guaymas, in the early
sunrise, when he smiled and faced the
leveled rifles. “No. Not I.” The voice
of Don Pedro seemed to whisper the
words to him now. “I’m not the spy, but
she is! Dona Ynez, the spy for Mexico,
who lured and tricked you—”

  The rifles crashed. So Raousset learned
everything and smiled, in the glory of
the sunrise, and died like the king he
might have been . . .

ALL the scene faded out, save only
that sun-smitten glory lingering in
the room that was lit by the glittering,
shimmering iridescence of the opal.

  Shipipan started; those scenes had been
vivid and real, flashing before him like
the flashing vivid hues of the stone. Now
he was plummeted back to reality.

  Dona Ynez sat beside him, her eyes
wide upon the glinting lights, still utter-
ly absorbed in them. The same dusky,
lovely features, the same slim feline
grace—and today, for the first time, the
same hint of cruelty and bewitching
power and deception, as if in her lurked
the same devil who had lurked in that
other woman of old San Francisco!

  Shipman touched the switches. The
glowing crystal sphere before them slow-
ly waned and paled, until only the nee-
dle-point of light remained in the ma-
chine; then this, too, perished. He came
to his feet.

  “I hope you recognized her,” he said
bitterly, to conceal his own tension. She
only laughed a little, upon the dark-
ness.

  He switched on the light, went to the
polyandroscope, took the opal from the
clamp, and dropped the stone into his
pocket. He turned and met her flash-
ing eyes.

  “My opal, please,” she exclaimed.

  She was standing now, slim and straight
and lovely; and the strange fire in her
eyes seemed to flame brighter. She was
beautiful, and terrible.

  "No, I can’t give it to you, Marie Wil-
son; it’s not yours,” he said gravely,
steadily. “I’m returning it to the own-
ers. This is only my barest duty, be-
lieve me. I should hand you over as a
thief; I can’t do that. I still believe in
you, God help me! I still hope that we
can help you, cure you—”

  But her swift, passionate gesture
stopped him; she stepped closer to him.

  ■“Damn your hopes!” she burst out
furiously. He was thankful that the
room was sound-proofed, as her voice
shrilled. “Give me that opal. Give it

to me. This is a trick, a trap! Hand
it over and stop your mawkish talk. Give
it to me, or I’ll kill you!”

  “Yes, L think you would—if you
could,” he said. Her words, her look,
her action, all gave him a heart-break-
ing sense of defeat. “I’ve knocked
around the world too much to be im-
pressed.”

  He had to prove those words, for she
struck like a flash of light, without warn-
ing. He caught the glitter of a knife;
and then he had her in both hands.

  A man who trades in jewels had best
learn all the answers, and Shipman had
learned them long ago by shore and sea.
He was even more active than she, and a
wild cry of pain broke from her as she
found herself helpless in his grip.

  He had meant to push matters and
give her a lesson, a frightful one; but
he could not do it. The pain in her
voice, the agony he was causing her,
the love that he bore her were too much
for him.

  The little knife fell to the floor. His
grip relaxed. She caught her breath,
dived for her wrap and handbag, and
then was gone.

SHIPMAN removed the opal from the
machine, went into his own office,
and slumped into his chair before the
desk. He was still sitting there, twenty
minutes later, when Korvo walked in.

  “Hello. They tell me she’s been here
again. Damned bad luck I missed her.”

  He came forward and pulled up a
chair, holding a twist of paper up, then
pocketing it.

  “What’s that?” demanded Shipman.

  Korvo smiled gravely.

  “That’s the trap for the devil that’s in
her, next time she comes. Well, tell me
what happened.”

  Shipman forced himself to comply. The
recital graved bitter lines in that lean
face of his; the recollection of her words
and manner hurt deeply. But when he
had done, Korvo leaned forward and
spoke earnestly.

  “Chief, I’ve been informing myself from
people who do believe in demoniacal pos-
session; and what you’ve just told me
proves my whole theory. The way she
acted today—don’t you see? She’s been
trying to rid herself of the thing. The
devil who’s in her is furious at you; it’s
your influence that’s fighting him!

  “That’s why she spoke as she did today
—not she, but the elemental within her.
And they tell me these elementals aren’t
very hard beings to exorcise.”

  Shipman leaned back and began to
laugh.

  “Korvo, I’m damned if I feel like laugh-
ing, but I can’t help it. The way you
talk about this devil, as if he were a
dog under the table, a real creature. Like

all tragedy the damned thing has its
comic side.”

  “I’m not asking you to believe any-
thing,” replied Korvo. “But next time
she comes, let me handle her.”

  “Agreed,” said Shipman. “I don’t
think she’ll be back, though.”

  “I do.” Korvo was confident, and
tapped his waistcoat pocket. “When I
put this thing in the window, she’ll be
in to see it, never fear!”.

  -“What is it, then?”

  “Never you mind, chief! I’ll confide
in you when I’m ready to bait the trap.
Why, this very story about the gold rush
days, about Count Roausset—don’t you
see how that bears out my theory? We’re
seeing—or rather you are—various pic-
tures from the past, not of your girl
friend but of the devil that’s in her.
Scenes from other lives of that devil—”
“Oh, forget the whole thing, will you?”
broke in Shipman. “I just can’t make
myself swallow this devil stuff; don’t
force it down my throat.”

  “Very well!” assented Korvo cheerful-
ly. “Hello! Is that the opal?”

  He leaned forward, as if to pick up
the opal that lay on Shipman’s desk.
Then he checked himself. He was look-
ing at something else lying there by the
opal: a chamois pouch whose draw-
strings were knotted tight.

  “Chief! Is that—can it be—”

  “It’s the pouch with all her stolen
stones in it,” said Shipman grimly.

  “Good Lord! You mean, she gave it
to you?”

  “Not by a damned sight! I slipped it
out of her handbag while the show was
on.”

  Korvo whistled. “Good work, chief,
good work! She’ll be back tomorrow
sure; now you’ve got her. She’ll be back
to beg, borrow or steal those gems.”
“No.” Shipman dissented stonily.
“They’re going to that insurance detec-
tive at once; now! Don't you see, man?
It’s all I can do for her—get her immuni-
ty. I’ll tell a fine story. The detective
doesn’t want her pinched anyway. He’ll
get back these stones. That means he’ll
give up and let her alone.”

  “And she’ll start in stealing stones all
over again.”

  “Damn it!” cried out Shipman, his
voice tortured. “What else can I do?”
“You might have some faith in what
I say,” replied Korvo quietly. “After all,
chief, there are a lot of people and sects
and religions in this world, who do be-
lieve in devils!”

  Shipman looked at him with hard,
bitter eyes for a long moment.

  “All right,” he said abruptly. “You’re
the doctor. But if you fail—”

  “Then she’s no worse off. Nor are you.
Agreed?”

  “Agreed,” said Shipman.

Many Never Suspect
             Cause of Backaches

This Old Treatment Often Brings Happy Relief

nights, swelling, pufflness under the eyes, headaches and dizzi-
ness. Frequent or scanty passages with smarting and burning
sometimes shows there is something wrong with your kidneys
or bladder.

Don’t wait! Ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used suc-
cessfully by millions for over iO years. They give happy relief
and will help the 15 miles of kidney tubes flush out poisonous
waste from your blood. Get Doan’s Pills.	(adv.)

  Many sufferers relieve nagging backache quickly, once they
discover that the real cause of their trouble may be tired
kidneys.

  The kidneys are Nature’s chief way of taking the excess
acids and waste out of the blood. They help most people pass
about 3 pints a day.

  When disorder of kidney function permits poisonous matter
to remain in your blood, it may cause nagging backache,
rheumatic pains, leg pains, loss of pep and energy, getting up

17
  Long Road to Tomorrow

 \ ■ ^ *

By Arthur Leo Zagat

Start now this exciting story of
Dikar’s journey toward freedom

IT IS a dark time for America, with her
land held by an alien tyrant and her
people enslaved; but now each day the army
of rebellion grows stronger. Led by Norman
Fenton, President of America, this army has
marched to the foot of the Great Smokies;
the plan is to surprise and vanquish Yee
Hashamoto’s Asafric army.

Only Dikar suspects that the Asafrics have
arranged a trap.

His suspicion is borne out with terrible
effect. Suddenly the sky is black with Asafric
planes; the bombs rain down on the trapped
American army. After the endless moments of
terror Dikar and Marilee arise from their
hiding place to find that the havoc, though
tragic, has not been disastrous. And now
Walt Bennet comes to Dikar with a request
from President Norman Fenton.

THE heavy guns of the Asafrics are em-
placed on the mountain slopes, command-
ing this valley where the Americans are
camped. In one spot, called Newfound Gap, a
nest of lighter guns—archies—is situated, and
if the Americans can capture this stronghold
they will be able to make short work of the
other Asafric fortifications.

Only the agile, mountain-trained Bunch
would have the slightest chance of scaling the
cliffs of Newfound Gap, and the odds are a
thousand to one against their succeeding. So
Norman Fenton asks rather than commands
that they undertake the perilous assault.

TO A MAN the Bunch agree to make the
attempt. So Dikar leads them up the
bare, steep mountainside, where the least
sound will betray their presence to the Asafric
soldiers. At last they reach the Gap; they
charge the Black soldiers, and the battle is
savage.

Dikar, having maneuvered an archie into
position, blows the Asafric headquarters to
fragments and so concludes the fight. But
then, with victory in his hands, hp topples
suddenly from his gun-seat, to fall into black-
ness.....

CHAPTER V

MONUMENT BETWEEN BATTLES

THE earth was springy under Di-
kar’s running feet and its coolness
was good to feel. The woods smells
—the brown smell of the earth, the green
smell of brush and leaves—were good in
Dikar’s nostrils. Best of all was the
silver, happy sound Of Marilee’s laugh-
ter as she ran from him, hid just ahead
by a green tangle of brush.

  All of a sudden Marilee’s laughter end-
ed.

  Dikar broke through the green cur-
tain that hid Marilee. He stopped short.
The brush had been cleared away here,
so that he could see farther through the
gray-brown tree-trunks than Marilee
could have run, but there was no Mar-
ilee to be seen, not even the press of her
feet on the moss.

Dikar stood very still, a muscle

18

This story began in last week’s Argosy
twitching in his cheek. A line of ex-
citcd ants hurried through the moss near
his feet, each carrying a white egg in
its strong jaws. A green snake slid
lithely out from behind a gnarled elbow
of root, its tiny black eyes bright in its
three-cornered, flat head. A bump on a
stone was a warty toad, so still that it
might be dead. A fly flitted too near it
and the toad’s tongue flicked out of, in
again to its wide, ugly mouth. The fly
Was gone.

  Over Dikar’s head a squirrel chrrred,
scolding. Dikar grinned and his knees
bent, straightened to send him flying
upward. His hands, upflung, caught an
oak’s sturdy bough. His feet found hold
on the bough. Dikar stood erect, was
climbing the swaying ladder of leafy
branches quick and sure as any squirrel.
In the green heart of the tree, Marilee
was curled on a branching fork, her
gray eyes dancing.

  Her hair was a silken glory about her,
but only her skirt of plaited grasses, her
breast-circlets of woven flowers, covered
her brown loveliness. Legs' astraddle on
a bough beneath, Dikar plucked his mate
from her perch and held her, arm-cra-
dled, over empty space.

  “I’m going to drop you,” he growled,
deep in his chest, “for thinkin you could
get away from me. Hey! Let go my
beard.” —

  She only pulled its golden hairs hard-
er as she laughed. “Fins!” Dikar cried.
“Fins! I won’t drop you.” He settled
down in the fork where she had been,
held Marilee nestling against him.

  “Oh, Dikar.” Marilee’s voice lifted
with happiness. “You jumped up here
like you’d never been hurt. You’re all
well again, Dikar!”

  “Didn’t I tell you I was?”

  “Yes, you did. But I couldn't believe
it. I kept thinkin how the doctor said,
when you were carried down here to
Norrisdam a month ago, that you would-
n’t even be able to walk till the end
of the summer.”

  “Aw! What do those fool doctors
know? We got along pretty good with-
out ’em, all the time we lived on our
Mountain, didn’t we? They don’t know
anythin.”

  “Silly!” Marilee frowned. “Doctors
are awful smart. They know a lot—”
“But they don’t know as much as
you do about the roots and grasses that
heal hurts. If it hadn’t been for you
I’d be still layin on that bed.”

  “I’ll never forget how you looked, all
bloody and torn with the Asafric bul-
lets—”

  “That first week must have been a
bad time for you. I’m sorry you had
such a bad time on account of me.” He
gathered her closer to him. “Let me
show you how sorry I am, Marilee.
Marilee.” He bent his face to hers.

FOR a long time she would not un-
twine her arms from around him,
but at last she let him put her on the
bough beside him. He leaned back
against the bark of the tree and she nes-
tled close against him.

  “Ah,” Marilee sighed, eyelids drooped,
moist-red lips wistful. “This is grand,
just you an me alone together. It’s like
we were back in our tree on the tiptop
of the Mountain, lookin out at the
Far Land an wonderin what was there.”
A shadow stole over Dikar’s face.
“Maybe I shouldn’t ever have led the
Bunch down off the Mountain.” This was
the thought that had been bothering him.
“Maybe I was wrong to do that. Look,
Marilee. If I hadn’t little Carlberger
would be alive today, an Louvance an—”

  “An Normanfenton would be skin an
bones dried by the wind, Dikar, hangin
in chains from the top of the Empire
State Buildin in New York.” Marilee
pulled a leaf from a twig. “Walt would
still be a Beast Man, dirty an starvin in
the woods below our Mountain, or may-
be the Asafrics would have caught him
an put him in one of their cages in
which a man can neither stand up nor
sit nor lie down.

  “Johndawson— Oh! You know as well
as I do that if you had not led the Bunch
off the Mountain, there would not be
anyone fightin to make America free.”
“We were free on our Mountain, Mar-
ilee. We lived our own happy life there,
an nobody bothered us.”

  “Yes.” Marilee pulled little bits from
the leaf, let them flutter from long, slim
fingers. “Yes, Dikar. We were free. We
were happy. We could not hear the whips
of the Asafrics on the backs of white
men an women. We could not see the
people herded in filth an sufferin inside
the barbed wire of the concentration
camps.

  “We were not bein driven by the guns
an the kicks of the Blacks to slave
in factories an mines, makin things not
for ourselves but our masters. All of
those things and lots more, lots worse,
were happenin in the Far Land, but on
our Mountain we lived the good life.”
“We earned it, Marilee. We worked
hard for it, all the years since the Old
Ones brought us to the Mountain.”

  “An gave us the Musts an Must-Nots,
the Law, by which we should live hap-
py—then died so that we could live free.
When the Asafric soldiers came to the
Mountain, the Old Ones did not run
away an hide in the woods, did they?
They went down off the Mountain to
meet the Asafrics. They gave their lives
gladly.

  “The Old Ones had heard the voice,”
she went on, “that you yourself told me
about in our tree on the tiptop of the
Mountain. They had heard the Voice
that came into a dark place under the
ground where mothers huddled their lit-
tle children to them while the thunder
of bombs humbled overhead. They’d
heard it sayin: ‘In these little children
lies America’s last, faint hope of—of a—’ ”
Marilee hesitated, looked at Dikar, her
brows knitting.

  “ ‘Of a tomorrow,’ ” Dikar helped her,
“ ‘when democracy, liberty, freedom,’ ”
all of a sudden his voice was clear and
certain, “‘shall reconquer the green an
pleasant fields that tonight lie devastat-
ed.’ ”

4<’17'OU do remember!” Marilee’s face
1 was alight again. “You do remem-
ber the Voice you heard a long time ago
in a dream. You have not forgotten it.”
“You have made me remember it, my
sweet.” Dikar knew now why Marilee
had brought him up here into this tree
that was so like the tree where he’d
told her, first of all the Bunch, about
his dream and the Voice in it. “I had
forgotten. This morning, when for the
first time since Clingman’s Dome I came
to Brekfes with the Bunch an looked
around the table, what I saw made me
forget my dream.”

  “What you saw?”

  Dikar’s hands closed into fists, so tight
their knuckles whitened. “Eight Boys
only, Marilee, are left of the twenty-six
I led down off the Mountain. Nine, count-
in myself. The rest are dead an buried.”
“There was a smile on Franksmith’s
face when we buried him, Dikar. His
body was all torn with the Asafric’s bul-
lets, but there was a happy, peaceful

smile on his face. You know there was.'

  “There was no smile on Bessalton’s
face, this mornin. There was no light
in her eyes. She sat there, white an
silent, an if Alicekane had not kept
after her, she would not have eaten a
bite.”

  “There are smiles, Dikar, on the faces
of hundreds and hundreds of women, all
across this land. They have hope now,
but they would not have it if you had
not led Franksmith an Bessalton an all
the rest of the Bunch down from the
Mountain. Did you do wrong, Dikar,
when you did that?”

  “No, Marilee; I did right. I did—”

  Dikar broke off and his head canted,
listening to a call from somewhere be-
low. “Helloooo. Helloooo, Dikar.” It was
coming nearer. “Dikar. Where are you?
Helloooo.”

  Dikar dropped down to the tree’s low-
est bough, pushed aside leaves from his
face. “Here, Nedsmall.” Bushes were
threshing, down there. “Here I am.”
The toad hopped from his stone and
the green snake flicked back behind its
elbow of root. “What is it? What do
you want?”

  The bushes parted and Nedsmall came
into sight. "Oh Dikar.” He looked up
and sunbeams danced on his freckle-
dusted, impish face. “I been lookin all
over for you.” He was the smallest of
the Boys. “Walt sent word you’re want-
ed at Headquarters. You’re to meet him
on top of the dam in half an hour.”
“Dikar’s wanted at Headquarters?”
Marilee was alongside Dikar on the
bough, the two standing there without
using their hands to hold on, comfort-
able as if on the ground. “What for?”
“I wasn’t told,” Nedsmall shrugged.
“But I know what I hope.” He looked
excited. ‘I’m tired hangin around here
doin nothin. I hope they got another
job for us to do.”

  Dikar heard Marilee’s breath pull in.
“All right, Nedsmall,” he said. “Thanks
for tellin me.” He watched the young-
ster run off.

  “So soon,” Marilee whispered. “Oh
Dikar. Why couldn’t they let me have
you for myself a little while longer.”
Dikar smiled at her, but there was no
smile in his blue eyes. “You could
have had me all for yourself, all the time,
if we’d stayed on the Mountain. But
I seem to remember your sayin that it
would have been wrong for us to have
stayed there.”

  “I said that.” Marilee laid her little
hand on Dikar’s arm and her fingers
were icy cold, trembling. “An I meant
it. I was talkin to the Boss of the
Bunch then. Just n<jw I’m thinkin about
my mate.”	/

CHAPTER VI

LOOK ON MY WORK . . .

NORRISDAM was a white stone wall
that men had built, joining one great
hill to another. Its top was wide enough
for ten men to walk abreast, and its bot-
tom was so far below the top that men
down there looked no bigger to Dikar
than his thumb.

  That was on one side. On the other
side was water, a great lake of water
stretching back between green, forested
hills as far as Dikar could see. “The
lake is as deep as the dam is high,”
Walt told Dikar as they walked along
the top of the dam. “But before the
dam was built there was only a little
muddy river way down there on what
is now the lake’s bottom.”

“Why was this dam built?” Dikar

19
asked. “Why did they make the lake
here?”

   “Because the farm lands of eight states,
from the mountains of Virginia to the
Ohio River, were being washed away
by the spring floods, and in the summer
what soils the floods had not washed away
was cracked and thirsty with drought,
the crops yellow and dying.

   “So engineers built this dam, and others
lljce it. It was a great thing they did,
Dikar. They harnessed the floods and
the storms and gave the people of these
states fertile fields and cheap power.
They gave the people a better life.”

   “Men built mountains like this,” Di-
kar’s forehead was wrinkled, his eyes
puzzled, “so that they could have a bet-
ter life?"

   “Exactly.”

  “They were smart enough an strong
enough to do that,” Dikar said, as if to
himself. He stared at Walt. “Then why
couldn’t~they keep hold of the mountains
they built? Why couldn’t they go on
making their life bettef and better? What
happened to them?”

   Walt shrugged with a bitter smile. “I
don’t know,” he said. “The men who
built the mountains were engineers. But
the men who had the job of making the
better life work and keep on working—
they were statesmen.” He started walk-
ing faster. “We haven’t got time to talk
about that now, Dikar. General Fenton’s
waiting for us.”

  They came to the end of the road
along the dam’s top and hurried across
a wide, stone-paved field where hundreds
of men in gray-blue uniforms were
lounged. Dikar was thinking that maybe
if people had taken time to talk about
things like this before it was too late,
things would be different now. But he
didn’t say the thought aloud, because
they were going into the stone building
that was called Headquarters here at
Norrigdam.

NORMANFENTON stood looking out
of a high, round-topped window
when Walt and Dikar came into his room.
He seemed thinner than the last time
Dikar had seen him, at Wespoint, but he
was still very tall, and his long legs and
long arms still looked as if they’d been
hitched on to his body in a hurry and
not very carefully.

  But when Normanfenton turned and
Dikar saw his face once more, Dikar for-
got how clumsy his body was.

   His great head, with its gray-threaded,
straggly black beard, seemed somehow
too big for that ungainly body. Gaunt
cheeks were molded by bones very near
the surface of the skin, and the skin was
scribbled over with a tracery of wrinkles,
fine as the threads of a spider-web. Un-
der a broad and thoughtful forehead,
eyes were deep-sunken and somber.

   In Normanfenton’s eyes was pain, and
a dreadful tiredness, but in them there
was also the soft light of a vision seen
far off. Seeing Dikar, he smiled and
his' whole face seemed to brighten with
a warm and tender welcome.

   “Ah, my boy.” His voice was not very
loud, but it seemed to fill the big room
as he held out a gnarled hand to take
Dikar’s ^strong, brown one. “I have not
had the opportunity yet to thank you
for what you and your—Bunch did up
there on the roof of the Smokies.”

  “I—uh—” Dikar swallowed, shifted
from one foot to the other. “It was noth-
ing, Norman—Mr. President.” He re-
membered just in time how he was sup-
posed to talk to Normanfenton. “Any-
body could have done the same thing.”
“I don’t agree. Perhaps others might

20

have had the same will and courage, but
you possess certain unique skills that
none without your peculiar background
can match. And it is of those particular
skills that we have need again, or I should
not have sent for you as soon as I heard
that you had recovered from your
wounds.”

  “What job do you want me to do?”
Dikar asked. “Tell me.”

  The warm smile flickered in Norman-
fenton’s eyes and then faded. “Captain
Bennet.” He looked at Walt. “Will you
be good enough to send the guard out-
side beyond earshot and remain at the
door yourself so that we can be abso-
lutely certain there are no eavesdrop-
per?”

   Walt saluted and obeyed.

  “Wh^n we were on the Mountain to-
gether, Dikar,” said the President, turn-
ing to him again, “I think I taught you
something about maps. Am I right?”
“Yes. You taught me a little then an
Walt—Cap’n Bennet—has taught me a lot
more since.”

  “Good. That will make my explanation
easier. Look here.” Normanfenton took
Dikar’s arm, led him to the wall to the
left of the window. “This is a map of
the southern quarter- of the United States,
Mexico and Central America.”

   It was a bigger map than any Dikar had
ever seen, and he thought it a shame
someone had stuck a lot of different col-
ored pins into it. “I didn’t think we
would be concerned with that region for
a long time yet,” Normanfenton went on.
“But, I’ve had some news this morning—”
He stopped, sighed. His fingers tight-
ened on Dikar’s arm. “Bad news, Dikar.
Danger threatens our cause. A graver
danger than ever before.”

   Normanfenton put his forefinger on the
map. “I’m going to send you down there,
my boy. It will be a miracle if you can
get there. It will be a miracle if you can
accomplish what I’m sending you to do.
But the cause of freedom can be saved
only by a miracle now.”

IT WAS very quiet in the room, so quiet
that as Normanfenton stopped talking
for a minute, Dikar could hear the rus-
tling of the ivy that grew thick on the
wall outside, the lap, lap of the lake’s
waters close to the bottom of that wall.

   And the slow throb of the blood in his
ears.

  “Only by a miracle,” Normanfenton
sighed, “and so very many things can
happen to prevent you from working that
miracle. If what I’m going to tell you
should leak out to the enemy—” The look
of pain deepened in his face. “We must
take every precaution that it shall not.
You must repeat what you are about to
hear to no one, Dikar. Not even to that
lovely wife of yours. Do you under-
stand?”

  “I understand,” Dikar said through
cold lips, but he didn’t. He was wonder-
ing why Normanfenton didn’t want him
to tell Marilee.

   “Not that I don’t trust her as much as
I do you, but a single inadvertent remark
—There are spies in camp here, my boy.”
The look of pain deepened on the Lead-
er’s face. “Matters have reached the ene-
my that only someone on my personal
staff could have known. This matter must
not."

  He turned abruptly to the map. “Now
that’s understood, I’ll explain what it’s
all about. First, perhaps, I had better tell
you how things stand now.”

  Dikar moved to the other side of the
President so that he could see better.

  “After we took Newfound Gap,” Nor-,
manfenton began, “we—” Dikar whirled
away from him. Face suddenly white,

he bounded to the window, leaned out.

   He’d heard, from outside here, a sud-
den gasp, quickly cut off, and a threshing
of leaves. Someone clinging to the vine
to listen had missed his hold and grabbed
for a better one to save himself from
falling.

   He hadn’t saved himself! There was a
Splash from the water below. Dikar saw
a blurred form deep under, the lake’s sur-
face. Then he had vaulted the sill and
he was plunging down into the icy waters
of Norris Lake.

CHAPTER VII

        HOPE LIES IN THE JUNGLE ,

   A History of the Asiatic-African World
Hegemony, Zafir Uscudan, LL.D (Singa-
pore) F.I.H.S., etc. Third Edition, vol.
3. Chap. XXVII p 988.

I

   . . . Inspired'by the manner in which
Dikar and his Bunch had, at fearful cost,
used their woodland skills to breach the
Asafrics’ mountain breastworks and made
possible the union of the two branches
of his Eastern Army across the Tennes-
see Valley, General Norman Fenton re-
solved to attempt a similar junction be-
tween these forces and the rebel Amer-
icans who had gained virtual control of
the central Mid-west.

   To this ambitious project, Viceroy Yee
Hashamoto’s gunboat patrol of the Mis-
sissippi interposed a formidable obstacle.
Following the pattern of the tactics by
which the Great Uprising had grown from
a mere rioting of a few disaffected slaves
to the dignity of a major insurrection,
President Fenton initiated simultaneous
feints-in-force toward Chicago and New
Orleans, contriving, through patriots pos-
ing as renegade Mudskins, to get word of
these to Hashamoto.

   The latter at once concentrated his
strength on the threatened cities, setting
up traps like the one at the Great Smoky
Mountains that the Americans had es-
caped only through Dikar’s brilliant ex-
ploit.

   On May 23rd-24th, Fenton delivered
his genuine assault against the weakened
forces that had been left to hold Cairo,
Illinois, and its vicinity. His stratagem was
completely successful. The Mississippi
was crossed, and penetration of the Ozark
Plateau from the bridgehead thus estab-
lished.

   In the face of these repeated defeats,
Yee Hashamoto still sedulously concealed
from the Asiatic-African Confederation’s
Supreme Command at home any knowl-
edge that he was in difficulty. To explain
why, we must refer back to Chapter II
of this History.

   The reader will recall that here we dis-
cussed the characteristics that so well
fitted the leaders of the Asafric Cabal for
the program of world conquest on which
they embarked when “Axis diplomacy”,
having invited them as allies into the
arena of Welt Politik, revealed to them
the rotten beams behind the facade of
vaunted white supremacy. We also point-
ed out a psychological weakness, the
Oriental preoccupation with “Face.”

HASHAMOTO had only to draw upon
the Confederation’s tremendous mil-
itary resources to crush the American
Uprising, even now. But by so doing, he
must admit his own failure. He must
admit that a slave whom he had paraded
through the countryside, naked and in
chains, had out-maneuvered, out-gener-
aled him. He would “lose face.” This
was unthinkable.

   It was also inevitable, unless he took
strong measures at once. There were in-
creasingly urgent demands from across
the Pacific for explanation of why the
flow of cargoes from his bailiwick was
so materially dwindling, and the Viceroy
was running out of excuses. With each
victory, the numbers of the insurrection-
ists were growing as liberated slaves
flocked to their standards. He could not
very much longer keep his secret.

  From this dilemma, Hashainoto saw
one means of escape. The Asafrics’ first
incursion into the Western Hemisphere
had been by way of South America. That
continent was still docile. Hashamoto
had two tank divisions guarding the
Panama Canal, but no threat thene was
possible.

  They were the reinforcements he need-
ed. All he had to do was bring one of
those divisions up through Central Amer-
ica and Mexico. Using Texas as a spring-
board, they could strike the Americans
on their exposed southern flank, drive
north through the Central Plain and
then, facing westward, herd the insur-
rectionists toward the Rockies.

  In the latter range would be waiting
the West Coast troops that had so far
maintained undisputed control over Cali-
fornia and the Columbia River Valley.
Caught between two fires, a full half of
Fenton’s forces would be destroyed.

  Meanwhile, relieved of concern with
the prairies, Hashamoto’s present con-
tingents would be equal to the task of
annihilating the remaining rebels.

  Viceroy Yee Hashamoto’s wireless
flashed the orders. Perhaps he was not
aware that the Americans could intercept
and decode the message. Perhaps he did
not care. It was a good plan, and even
if General Norman Fenton, in his head-
quarters at Norris Dam, knew about it,
he was helpless to defeat it. . . .

•

<4TT’S a good plan”—there was deep
A worry in Normanfenton’s voice—
“that of Hashamoto’s.” Dikar shivered
a little. ■ The fawnskin draped over his
left shoulder and around his brown,
strong body was still chilly-wet from the
lake, though he’d been listening so long
that the water had dried from his thighs
and his legs.

   “We will be helpless against his tanks,
once they reach Texas. Here.” The Gen-
eral’s bony finger rested on the map, just
above where the blue that meant water
took a big bite out of the bottom of the
United States. “They’ve got to be stopped
before they get this far, and that’s what
I’m putting up to you.”

  “To me!” Dikar gasped. “How can I
stop ’em?”

   Dikar could swim like a fish, but he’d
been blinded by the splash of his own
wild dive out of the window and before
he could see again, the spy who had been
listening under it had swum too far un-
der water to be seen.

  “My only hope, son,” Normanfenton
answered him, “that they can be stopped
rests on you.”

  The funny thing was that though some
of the Boys and Girls of the Bunch had
been in swimming where the woods came
down to the shore on the other side of
Norris Lake, none of them had seen any
stranger come up out of it. Dikar had
sent the Bunch to see if they could pick
up the spy’s trail and had returned to
Normanfenton.

  Now he said, “But Normanfenton, how
do we have any chance of stoppin’ two
divisions of Asafrics? There’s only nine
Boys left in the Bunch—”

  “I said you, my boy, not your Bunch.
What has to be done can be done by you
alor e, or it cannot be done at all.”

  The listener could have heard only
that Normanfenton was going to send
Dikar somewhere that must be kept a

secret even from Marilee, and now there
were soldiers in a little boat out on the
lake to make sure no one climbed the ivy
again.

  “Why should anything be easier for me
to do alone than with help?” Dikar asked.

  “Please stop breaking in on me like
that, young man.” Normanfenton’s tired
smile took away the hurt of the sharp
words. “Give me a chance to explain. One
man can do what is to be done as well
as nine or ninety.

  “To get to where I am sending you,
you will have to steal through the ene-
my’s lines, through six hundred miles of
territory held and patrolled by his troops.
Capture will mean a particularly horrible
death for you, for me the end of my last
hope of checkmating Hashamoto.

  “You will need every atom of your skill
in moving silently and unseen, and any
companion you take with you would only
increase your peril.”

  “All right.” Dikar shrugged. “Where
am I goin’, an’ what am I to do there?”
Normanfenton turned back to the map.
“You see how Mexico and then Central
America narrow,” his finger moved
downward on the many-colored sheet
pinned to the wall, “curving around the
Gulf of Mexico to here, where the
Panama Canal cuts through it.”

  “The Panama—That’s where the tanks
are comin from!”

  “That’s where they will be coming
from, according to the messages we’ve
intercepted, about three or four weeks
from now.”

  “Three or four weeks! What are they
waitin for?”

«TVVISIONS of tanks cannot move at

-	a moment’s notice, my boy, like
your Bunch. They’ve got to accumulate
supplies of fuel, munitions, food, to sus-
tain them on the march. Their machinery
must be repaired, put in perfect order.

  “There are innumerable details to be
taken care of to prepare them for a long
campaign, even more than usual for these
divisions, which have been somewhat dis-
organized by their idleness. And all this,
Dikar, must be done surreptitiously, lest
the officers of vessels passing through the
Canal observe the unusual activity and
report it to the Asafric Supreme Com-
mand.

  “Viceroy Hashamoto fears his own
home government more than he does us,”
Normanfenton sighed. “And rightly.”
“But if it’s goin to take ’em so long to
get started an we already know what
they’re up to, couldn’t we get ready in
that time to meet an fight em?”

  “Meet them where? They will have all
Texas to spread out over, and we have
no way of anticipating where they will
choose to strike. Fight them how?

  “In a battle of movement, tanks can be
fought only by tanks, Dikar, and we have
none. We have nothing that would give
us the slightest chance against them un-
less—an’ that’s the whole crux of my plan
—unless they can be taken by surprise,
unprepared for action, their crews un-
suspecting an enemy anywhere near.

  “Now,” the General went on, “all of
this isthmus, except for some narrow
stretches along its coast and along a few
short, unconnected stretches of railway,
remains pretty much the same as it was
when Columbus first saw it.

  “Where the Sierra Madre range does
not thrust its crags to the sky, a thick
and well-nigh impenetrable tropic growth
bars travel. There is only one practicable
route by which it can be traversed, the
Pan-American Highway, a broad con-
crete road that was completed just a year
before the invasion. Since Hashamoto
does not dare requisition transports to

convey his tanks by water, that is the
way they must come.”

  Normanfenton’s finger started moving
back up on the map. “This way, Dikar,
skirting the inward base of the moun-
tains that join the Andes to the Rockies.
Through Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Hon-
duras.

  “And here,” the finger paused just be-
fore it would have crossed a line that
zig-zagged across the picture of narrow
land, the colors different each side of it,
“as they approach Gautemala’s Mexican
border, is where they must be stopped,
if they’re to be stopped anywhere.”
“Why there?” Dikar goggled. “Why
just where the land’s widest of all?”
Beside where the general’s finger rested
a kind of bump stuck out into the water-
blue. “I—I can’t make out why you
should pick that place.”

  “I’m picking it precisely because the
land is widest here, because here the
highway passes along the base of the
Yucatan peninsula.” Normanfenton point-
ed to the big bump. “Wilderness as the
rest of the isthmus is, it is a tamed, gen-
tle region compared to the primordial
jungle of Yucatan. And, son, when the
Asafric hordes overran Texas and Louisi-
ana and Mississippi, a large number of
Americans fled across the Gulf of Mexico
to this green hell in Yucatan.

  “Many of the boats that carried them
were sunk by the guns of the enemy fleet.
Many were wrecked by a hurricane. But
some reached the shores of Yucatan and
Campeche and Quintana Roo, and their
passengers found sanctuary in the in-
terior.

  “What became of them we do not know.
The sisal that was Yucatan’s only crop
was of no use to the Asafric, and so they
did not bother to conquer that region.
The underground wireless of the Secret
Net never received a response from that
green mystery. The jungle swallowed the
refugees; they vanished.”

DIKAR scratched his head. “Ygu don’t
know how many there are. You
don’t know if they’re still alive in there.
You don’t know anythin’ about them.
But you expect—”

  “I know this about them,” Norman-
fenton broke in. “I know that they were
Americans once and that whatever they
have become, whatever the jungle has
done to them, if they still live they are
still Americans.

  “I’m gambling on that, Dikar. I’m gam-
bling my hopes that the Cause I lead
may still be saved, if you can reach them
and tell them that their countrymen are
fighting for freedom and are in danger.”
“They’ll come out of their jungles,
when the Asafric tanks pass by—”

  “And stop them.” A thrill came into
Normanfenton’s deep voice, and as he
turned to Dikar, he seemed suddenly
taller in his faded, gray-blue uniform.
“Stop them dead, there in the shadow of
the Sierra Madre. Unless they do, we
fail. I cannot believe God means to let
us fail. I cannot believe that needing a
miracle now, He will not help us work
that miracle.”

  He spread wide his gnarled hands, bony
and bulging with an old man’s net of
veins under yellowing, transparent skin.
“I send you alone on a long, long road,
Dikar, every inch of which will be fraught
with peril of death for you.

  “I send you into a steamy jungle to find
men who for all I know may have turned
into savages. I send you to ask them,
for the sake of an ideal which almost
surely they have forgotten, to attack
trained soldiers who have conquered the
world.

  “By all the laws of reason it is a mad

21
 project, foredoomed to failure. I put my
 faith in that God who created men to be
 free, that it will succeed. And it must.”

   . . . Dikar walked slowly back across
 the top of Norrisdam. The hushed gray
 of dusk, sifting down through the tree-
 clad hills to veil the lake with darkling
 mist, was answered by a gray hush within
 him.

   Dikar’s eyes burned with long looking
 at the maps that Normanfenton had
 showed him, hundreds of maps picturing
 every yard of the way he was to go.
 Dikar’s head throbbed, full to bursting
 with all that Normanfenton had told him,
 with all the hundreds of things Dikar
 must not forget.

   Dikar’s heart ached with knowing that
 tonight, for the first time since he could
 remember, he must leave Marilee with-
 out telling her where he was going.

   Tonight he was going to leave the
 Bunch that he’d been Boss of so. long.
 Without a word of goodbye, he was going
 to slip away into the dark and he had as
 much hope of coming back to them as—
 as this twig, shooting over the dam’s spill-
 way and down into the foaming flood
 below, had of ever going back up the
 River to the woods.

   Like that twig, Dikar was being car-
 ried along by a rushing river, far and far
 from the woods he’d loved, far from the
 Mountain that was his home.

 rrO DIKAR’S left and right, along the
 A sides of the clearing into which he’d
 come were the little houses that Walt had
 called log-cabins when he’d brought the
 Bunch here to show them where they
 were to live. At the other end a great
 fire sent its leaping, orange light up into
 the spreading branches of a tall oak.

   Down the middle of the open space a
 long table1 ran, the Girls bustling around
 it as they set it for supper. The firelight
 danced on the Girls’ smooth, brown arms,
 on the thighs peeping briefly through the
 lustrous cloaks of their hair. Almost as
 tall as Dikar, but black-haired and
 bearded, Johnstone talked with Alfoster.
 Nearer the fire, Patmara and Abestein
 and Henfield threw little stones at a
 mark they had blazed on the oak.

   The clearing was filled with happy
 laughter, friendly chatter, but beyond the
 fire the woods were black and the sun-
 set wind made a rushing sound in the
 treetops.

   “Dikar!”

   Marilee had seen him. She was coming
 toward him, her hands held out to him,
 her body slim and straight. Every grace-
 ful line of her, every movement was a
 song swelling in Dikar’s throat, an ache
 in his arms.

   As Dikar waited for Marilee, the fire
 flared and he saw another girl who stood
 very still in the shadows. Her form was
 slim and straight as Marilee’s, but the
 long fall' of hair that robed it was a lus-
 terless black. Her eyes seemed to watch
 Marilee, but there was no life in them.
 Her hands hung empty, half open as
 though something very dear had spilled
 from them and was gone forever.

 Bessalton.

 The wind in the treetops made a rush-
 ing sound, like that of a wide, dark river
 flowing from here into the far and lonely
 night.

CHAPTER VIII

NO FAREWELL

 TT WAS very dark in the cabin, so dark
 -*• that Dikar could not see Marilee at all,
 though he could feel her warm, soft body
 close against his; smell the clean, fresh
 sweetness of her; hear the whisper of her

 22

 long, tired breathing that told him she
 was deep in sleep at last.

 He’d waited a long time, staring aching-
 eyed into the dark, till he could.be cer-
 tain that she slept. Now, very carefully,
 he slid his arm from under her and
 slipped from the bed, and she did not stir.

 Dikar’s heart was very heavy, but his
 feet were light and silent as he felt for
 and found the apron of twigs Marilee had
 plaited for him on their Mountain. He
 tied it around him, fastened to its belt
 his knife in the sheath Marilee had made
 for him out of the skin of a deer. These
 were the only things Dikar took with him
 from the cabin. These—and the memory
 of Marilee.

 Dikar saw nothing of the dark woods
 as he went down through them. He heard
 nothing of the uncountable little voices of
 the woods. He went down through them
 silent as any creature that prowls the
 sunless hours, but only because he could
 not move through the woods in any other
 way, not because he gave thought to what
 he was doing.

 He’d shut out thought, because if he
 thought what he was doing, he could not
 do it at all.

 A sound of voices stopped him, at the
 bottom of the wooded hill.

 Dikar crouched just within the bushes
 that ended the woods, peered out at the
 road that crossed the top of Norrisdam
 and then went around this hill and away.
 The voices came from the black bulk of
 a big, covered truck that loomed out there
 against the lake’s paler glimmer.

 Dikar rounded his mouth and made the
 Sound of a hoot-owl.

 “WHAT’S idea startin’ us out this
 time uh night,” one of the voices
 grumbled, “without us even knowin’ what
 we’re carryin’ or where we’re goin’?”
 Dikar could see other trucks standing
 on the road. There were five of them,
 and this was the middle one. “You think
 they’re gonna tell you?” another hoarse
 voice said. “Yer in the army now, Car-
 son. Yer not behin’ th’ plow.”

 < “Plow, hell! I was runnin’ a loom over
 to Sweetwater before I joined up. With
 a. big Black crackin’ a bull-whip across
 my back every time a thread got snarled.
 First thing I did, when I heard our boys
 come a-whoopin’ inter town, I grabbed
 thet whip out of his han’ an’ spattered
 his brains all over the floor with its butt.”
 “What’re yeh crabbin’ about, then?”
 “Who’s crabbin’? Cripes! Fer what
 Fenton done fer me, he could tell me t’go
 jump off th’ top uh thet dam there an’
 I’d do it. All I’m sayin’, I’m hankerin’ to
 know what’s the idea us bein’ turned out
 in th’ dead uh night an’ findin’ these
 trucks a-waitin’ fer us, all loaded an’
 locked up so’s we don’t know whut’s in
 ’em.”

 “Why? I’ll tell yeh why, Tom Carson.
 Thar’s spies in camp. That’s why.”

 “Spies, me eye! Thet’s a lot uh bunk.”
 “The hell it is. Didn’t one get away this
 mornin’, thet climbed up th’ wall uh
 Headquarters ter take a shot at General
 Fenton?”

 “I still say it’s bunk, if that bunch uh
 Dikar’s couldn’t even spot where the guy
 come out o’ th’ lake, there wasn’t never
 no guy in it. They even sent divers down
 t’ see if he was caught in th’ spillway an’
 they couldn’t—”

 “All right, men!” The dark shape that
 was suddenly in the road had Walt’s
 voice. “You’ll be moving in a minute.
 Your instructions remain unchanged.
 Maintain as much distance behind the
 truck ahead as you ,can without losing
 sight of it. Watch for a sudden stop. Show
 no lights, keep your motor running as
 quietly as possible, and on no account use

 your horn. Is that perfectly clear?”
   “Yes, Cap’n Bennet.”

   “I shall be on the leading truck. In
case of emergency, cut your muffler out
for a count of two and I’ll stop the mo-
torcade, come back to you. That’s all.”
Walt moved on toward the head of the
line. Carson exclaimed softly. “Must be
somethin’ big up ef th’ general’s own pus-
sonal aide’s ridin’ with us.”

   Dikar’s muscles were twitching under
his skin. He was really going. When
Walt had said, “Your instructions remain
unchanged,” he’d told Dikar that Nor-
manfenton had heard nothing new to
make him change his mind. When Walt
had said, “I shall be on the leading
truck,” he’d told Dikar that he was going
along as far as the trucks were going.

rpHE motor of the first truck made
A sound. Another one throbbed in the
darkness, and now the one here in front
of Dikar came alive.' It was moving. The
next one came slowly past him, and then
the last.

   Dikar lifted out in the road, leaped for
the narrow shelf across its back. His foot
missed, his fingerhold on a knob at the
corner slipped; and then his toes caught
in a loop of chain and he was all right.

  The truck was moving very slowly.
Dikar got up on the little shelf, groped
for the padlock that held the doors closed.
A tug, and it came loose. Dikar pulled
one door open, climbed in through it,
pulled it shut, making sure it didn’t slam.
The blackness was thick, but his hand
found a loose little board at the door’s
edge, and he turned it to hold the door
closed.

   The hoot-owl signal to Walt, the pad-
lock that wasn’t really locked, this little
board, were the first three of all the
things Normanfenton had given Dikar to
remember.

   He was squeezed between the door and
what felt like a rough wooden wall rising
just inside. The truck swayed a lot. That
was because the road twisted like a snake,
crawling down the hillside. Wheels rum-
bled underneath and the chain that had
saved Dikar clanked as it hit up against
something.

   The clanking stopped, all of a sudden,
just as there was a soft bump against the
end of the truck. Dikar’s scalp prickled,
and then he remembered how narrow the
road down the hill was, so narrow that
the bushes on either side of it would
scrape the sides of the trucks.

   In some places the boughs of trees met
over the road. It must be a very leafy
bough hanging low that had bumped the
truck’s roof.

   Now they must be at the bottom of the
hill and the road must be getting straight,
because the rumbling told Dikar they
were going faster and faster. He squeezed
around to face the wooden wall and his
hands crawled up it, feeling that it was
made up of big wooden boxes, piled high.
When he got his arms stretched up over
his head, he could just reach the top of
the boxes. His hands closed on an edge
and he pulled himself up.

The space under the truck’s roof was
just big enough for Dikar to scrouge into
it. He didn’t have to inch along very far
before the top. of the boxes ended.

Dikar worked himself around till he lay
sidewise along the inner edge of the boxes
and then let his legs down over the edge.
He dropped down into a black space.

THE space was as wide as the truck,
but toward the front another wall of
boxes closed it off. Just the other side of
this there must be a hole in the front wall
of the truck because Dikar could hear
someone say, “I don’t see why they’re
makin’ us drive in the dark. It would be
different if we weren’t allowed to show
as many lights and fires as we want
around camp.”

  “We ain’t in camp, now, you dope. The
Asafrics ain’t sendin’ planes to bomb us
there ’cause they don’t want to wreck the
dam, but we’re gettin’ far enough away
from it so they don’t have to be afraid
of that. If they spot us now. . . .”

  Dikar didn’t pay any more attention to
what the men up front were saying. He
was down on his knees and his fingers
were prying at the side of the middle
box of the lowest row.

  It swung out like a door. Dikar reached
inside the box, found a round thing that
was cold to the feel. He touched a little
knob on its side, and light leaped out
from it.

  The light showed him other things in
the box. There was a green uniform
spotted with the dried blood of the dead
Asafric it had belonged to. There was a
shiny revolver and a shiny leather belt
filled with bullets.

  There were two of the fiat glasses that
you could look into and see yourself in,
even better than you could see yourself
in a clear, smooth pool in the woods.
Dikar remembered their name. Mirrors.

  Dikar grinned, thinking how excited
Marilee got the first time she’d' seen one.
He mustn’t think about Marilee! Not yet.
Not till it didn’t hurt so much to think
about her.

  Beside the mirrors, there were a comb
and a bottle of the black water Walt had
used to make Dikar’s hair and beard
black, that time last fall when- Dikar kid-
naped Major Benjamin Apgar, the Amer-
ican spy who for years had been on
Hashamoto’s staff.

  Dikar hung the flashlight on a nail
sticking out from the side of the truck. He
fixed the mirrors, one on each wall of
boxes, so that he could see the face and
back of his head. Picking up the comb
and the bottle of black water, he went to
work on his hair and beard.

  All the time he worked, the rumble
of wheels went on underneath him, car-
rying him on into the night.

  When he’d finished the job as well as
he could, Dikar started to put on the
green uniform. His legs got all tangled
up in it, and he was thrown down as the
truck went around a curve and bumped
his head, but he got it fixed right at last.

  He was glad they’d found out that a lot
of the Abyssinians didn’t wear shoes, be-
cause the uniform only made him feel
uncomfortable and clumsy but with shoes
on he would have been good for nothing.

  Dikar fastened the belt around his waist
and put the revolver into the pocket fixed
on the belt to hold it. There was another
pocket on the belt for a knife. Dikar put
his own knife into it.

  He bent and put into the box the limp
sheath that Marilee had made for his
knife, and the apron of plaited twigs that
he’d brought from the Mountain. Lifting,
Dikar saw in the mirror a tall, swart
Abyssinian in Asafric green, black-beard-
ed and scowling.

  Underneath him the wheels rumbled,
rolling faster and faster.

  Dikar put the other things away into
the box, the flashlight last. The dark that
came when he thumbed the little button
on its side seemed even blacker than be-
fore. He closed the side of the box, set-
tled down on the floor, his back propped
against the box on the other side, •

  He was very tired. He was so tired that
the rolling rumble of the wheels blurred,
was like the rush of a wide, dark river. . .

  A loud snort woke him. The truck had
stopped.

  “What’s up?” The soldier up front was

frightened. “Cripes, Jordan, what’s
stopped us?”

CHAPTER IX

i’ll hide the river

liyjMHY—why1'd you signal Cap Ben-
'' net?” the scared soldier babbled.
“I don’t see nothin’.” Dikar could imag-
ine him, staring wide-eyed into the dark,
his hands tight on his gun. “I don’t see
nobody.”

  “Relax,” the other man up there said.
“There ain’t nothin’ to see. We’re stopped
because we’re fresh out of gas, that’s all.”
“Out? You’re nuts,” the first one
yelped. “I checked the gauge when we
started an’ it said—”

  “Full tank. Sure. It says the same
thing now an’ we been running damn
near all night. That gauge is jammed,
Cal, an’ the monkey was supposed to fill
us up must of went by it.”

Cal groaned. “What do we do now?”
“Ask the captain. Here he comes.”
Dikar pushed himself to his feet, made
sure the revolver and his knife were safe
in the belt. Walt’s voice came in to him,
low but plain. “What’s the trouble, men?”
Both talked at once, telling him.

  “That’s rank carelessness.” Walt sound-
ed awful mad. “Somebody will be sorry
for it when I get back. But we can’t hold
up the whole convoy; I’ve got to get it to
Cairo before daylight.”

  “Hey, Cap. How’s about we siphon
some gas out of each of the other tanks?”
“Mmmmn\. No. It would take too long.
Besides, they all might run out, if we do
that. I guess we’ll have to leave you—
Oh damn! You men are supposed to go
on to Betteville first thing in the morn-
ing. All right!” he snapped, as if he’d
just made up his mind. “Here’s how we’ll
work it.

  “You two men go up to the lead truck
and tell Sergeant Carnorvan I want him
to take the other four trucks on to Cairo,
and then find places in them for your-
selves. I’ll stay here and guard this one
till you can send some gas back here to
me. Get going!”

  “Yes sir.” Scraping noises from up
front told Dikar that Jordan and the
other soldier were getting off. He reached
up, chinned himself to the top of the
boxes. The space under the roof was a
tight fit, on account of the uniform he
had on now, but he managed to crawl
through to the back end and squeeze
down again to the floor.

  A throb of motors beat against the
truck. Faded. Gravel crunched outside,
and knuckles thumped on the truck-door.
Dikar twisted away the little board that
held the door closed.

FRESH air was like a drink of cold wa-
ter after the thick, stinking stuff he’d
been breathing. There was still no moon
but Walt’s head and shoulders were plain
against the paler dark.

  Dikar dropped down alongside of him
and said, “You did that good. The way
you talked, those soldiers couldn’t ever
guess it was you that fixed things so
they’d have to stop here.”

  “Yes,” Walt chuckled, “the whole thing
worked out swell. You’ve disappeared
from camp and no one can possibly know
which way you went, or how.”

  Dikar thought of something. “Hey!
Won’t the men who unload the truck
wonder why the boxes are piled that
way, with a big hole in the middle?”
“Nobody’s going to unload it. I’m go-
ing to set it afire, and report that it was
done by an Asafric patrol from whom I
escaped by the skin of my teeth.”

Dikar stiffened. “That’s what Cal was

scared of! The Blacks do prowl around

here.”

  “Right enough. We’re quite near their
outposts here and every now and then
some of them slip through our lines to do
as much damage as they can, under cover
of night.

  “But the way you look, you’ll have to
worry more about being spotted by oui
friends rather than by the enemy. Which
is why we’d better quit wasting time
gabbing. Come on. I’ll show you just
where we are, so you can make what dis-
tance you can before daylight. This way.”
They went around the ead of the truck
and abruptly Dikar stopped, pulling back
against Walt’s hand on his arm. “Wait!”
“Yes. We’re in a town.”

  “But the noise the trucks made sure
must have waked someone up. They’ll
see us.”

  “The trucks didn’t wake anyone up,
Dikar,” Walt spoke in a queer, flat tone.
“Take another look.”

  Dikar’s eyes narrowed.

  The houses didn’t just look black be-
cause they stood against the sky. They
were black, the black of charred wood.
Not one'of them had glass in its win-
dows, or a whole roof.

  Over here there were just two walls
standing to make a corner. That gap,
down there, wasn’t a big garden but a
tumbled heap of burned timbers. The
high thing sticking up out of it was a
chimney standing guard over the ashes
of a home.

  “No, Dikar. Our trucks couldn’t make
a loud enough noise to wake the people
who sleep in those houses. They are the
most fortunate of those who once lived
here. The others—” Walt shrugged. “It’s
the old story. It’s happened thousands of
times in the last twelve years, all over
America. Someone’s capacity for en-
durance came to an end and he turned
on his tormentor. His neighbors paid for
his crime. . . . Come on over here. I
want to show you something.”

  Dikar, stumbling along beside him, was
too heartsick with thinking of what had
happened here to watch or care where he
was being led. “Look down there,” Walt
said, stopping him and pointing.

THE houses were just black sticks,
leaning every which way, so you
could look right through them. Looking
through them, Dikar saw water, glint-
ing faintly in the dark. The water was
so wide Dikar could not see the land on
its other side. It was a wide, dark river.

  “The Mississippi,” Walt said, “on its
way to the Gulf of Mexico. Its flow will
give you your direction.”

  “You’ve got a boat to take me down it,
like the one you had to take me down
the Hudson to New York, that time. I—”
“No, Dikar!” .Walt broke in. “That,
would be sheer suicide. Maybe you could
get down almost to Memphis without dis-
covery—there’s enough of the night left—
but the Asafrics hold that city and all
the territory below it.

  “From there on down the river is
crowded with their vessels, gunboats,
freighters, all kinds of boats moving
troops to and from garrisons, batches of
slaves to the various plantations. You
couldn’t travel a hundred yards without
being seen, and you have five hundred
miles to go.”

 “Five hundred!” Muscles knotted
uhder the skin of Dikar’s face. “It would
take me weeks on foot, Walt.” His fingers
dug into Walt’s arm. “I’m goin down that
river. I don’t know how, but I’ve got to
go down it to get to Yucatan in time, and
so I’ll find a way.”

“By Jove,” his friend said, softly. “I’ve
(Please turn to page 50)

23
Seven Isn't Lucky

It’s an old Chinese custom: never wait for a natural to come up. Because in China it’s the
Sign of Mr. Seven; and Mr. Seven is poison—but definitely. From the lore of Nureddin Ali,
the college student with the turban

By E. Hoffmann Price

Author of "Hindu Holiday,” "Yaqui Gold,” etc.

 DOWN the tracks that run along the
 Embarcadero, a switch engine
 hissed and muttered. A foghorn
 woooooed, and what few lights there were
 didn’t count for the mist.

   We bump-bumped over the rails that
 make Battery Street no more than a
 name on the map. I said to Nureddin Ali,
 “Anne is nuts if she thinks her old man
 came down here to sleep off a drunk.”
 Nureddin cocked his turban, but I
 24

 didn’t know whether he was listening, or
 just whiffing the air. His nose was thin
 and beaked, and now the nostrils flared
 and twitched a bit.

  “Something burns. Not referring to
 your sentiments toward Anne Jordan.”

  “Me? Anne? Heck, she’s just a cus-
tomer.”

  We were idling along in one of my re-
 conditioned and guaranteed cars; when I
 fix them up, you can’t hear them and you
 can’t smell them. I said, “Look here, just
 because you’re trying to squirm out of

 signing on the dotted line, you don’t need
 to rib this bus.”

 “I was thinking about the drunken
watchman,” Nureddin said. “Anne’s
father,”

 Then I got it: burned paint, at the
Pacific & Asiatic Importing Company’s
warehouse, where old man Jordan
punched the watchman’s clock. I mean,
where he’d used to make the rounds till
he got fired.

 Now, drunk and hostile, he was going
back and punch the clock, whether or no;
that’s what Anne told me over the phone,
breaking in just about the time Nureddin
was getting ready to make a down pay-
ment.

 She wanted me to find her dad before
he got into a jam; and here I was. Anne
is that kind of a girl, or maybe I’m that
kind of a guy.
 1 swung right and bumped over some
ties. About the time we were opposite
the warehouse, we noticed a cream-
colored Buick coupe parked at the load-
ing dock.

 My bus had a spotlight, which I
trained down the alley. One of the side
doors of the warehouse had a hole in it,
a couple feet wide and maybe four feet
high. That black blob against the gray
paint was plain.

  I began to understand the burned paint.
Somebody must have used a cutting
torch to slice a panel out of the door.
My first thought was, “Anne sure will lift
the roof if her old man is practicing up
burglary.”

  The thing to do was to tell the cops
but that was just what I wasn’t doing,
not until I made sure old man Jordan
hadn’t passed out, inside. Though that
new Buick wasn’t within a number of
years or pounds of being Jordan’s car.

  So we went in, and that’s how we met
the corpse.

THE man was folded up on the asphalt
emulsion floor, maybe three four
yards inside. I couldn’t get a good look
at his face; there was too much blood on
it. Someone had popped him a honey.
The blunt instrument was a pinch bar,
like you use for prying up box lids.

  That poor fellow had an assortment of
compound fractures that made me want
to park my lunch.

  His soft white hands were curled up.
His gray suit was a mess, though it was
pressed. His shoes were shined, and he
wore a high grade wristwatch. The hat
lying near a stack of rattan rice pockets
must have cost fifteen bucks anyway.

  Nureddin said, “Manifestly, this is not
the night watchman.”

  Then he dipped into the coat pocket.
There were two letters addressed to the
Pacific & Asiatic Import Company. One
was marked for the attention of Mr. W. F.
Westfield.

  Then there was a wallet with a driver’s
license. That settled another detail: the
dead man was Hewitt Barclay, aged 47,
weight 165, and he lived out in St. Fran-
cis Wood.

  Nureddin slipped the stuff back into
the pocket and snapped on the lights. The
warehouse reached from Battery Street
to Sansome; all brick, with no ventilation
to speak of. There was a smell of fish,
ginger, tung oil, and dried shrimp.

  In one corner were cases of ng ka pay,
which is Chinese, rice brandy that tastes
like orange shellac blended with rubber.
Between Sumatra tobacco, Persian dates,
bars of Banka tin, and Chinese groceries,
Pacific & Asiatic covered the field.

  Nureddin was interested in the cut in
the iron door. It was a ragged job, and in
spots the metal had foamed and boiled.

  For maybe a sixteenth of an inch, the
paint was completely gone; then a quar-
ter of an inch of paint with all the life
baked out of it, powdery, white-and-yel-
low. That’s a smell that lasts long and
carries far.

  Just outside the hole, and a bit to one
side, was the piece that had been taken
out.

  Up front, on a sort of mezzanine floor,
was a glassed-in office; steps led to it,
from the front entrance. I headed for the
phone, and when I got to the foot of the
stairs, I saw that the front door was un-
locked. A key was still in place, and a
ring with other keys dangled from it.

 When I reached the mezzanine, I
planted myself at a golden oak desk
marked Mr. Barclay and dialed the cops.
There was a private office marked Mr.
Westfield. A third desk was marked,
Chief Clerk.

  The man at police headquarters wasn’t
impressed by another corpse along the
Embarcadero, not even when I told him
whose it was. But I’d barely gotten down
from the mezzanine when I heard a siren
howling its head off.

  Nureddin said, “If you drive me back
to Berkeley, I’ll tell you something in-
teresting.”

HE was studying engineering, and he
lived at International House, along
with a bunch of other Arabs, a few
Turks, and some Chinese; the foreign
contingent coming to U.C. for super-
education.

  So I said, “Sure, but what is so damn
—hey, who pays the bridge tolls? And
are you buying this reconditioned and
guaranteed?”

  Nureddin yawned. “Haste is of Satan.
Easy to buy, hard to sell.”

  “Are you telling me? Here I try to sell
old man Jordan a new used bus, and he
gets fired. I’m trying to sell Anne one,
and she says all her boy friends have
cars.”

  “They do, do they not?”

  “Sure, and she has lots of them. Boy
friends.”

  “So you neglect me, a customer, and go
out to find her poor, drunken father. And
you find a corpse. Now, this interesting
thing I promised to tell you.”

  “I guess you’ll say this is a warehouse
robbery?”

  Nureddin nodded, and patted his white
turban into shape; though it always did
look like it was die-cast. He wore an
emerald ring with a stone in it the size
of a Muscat grape; so big that you’d take
it for a phoney. Shah Jahan, Emperor of
India, gave it to one of the Nureddin
family about three hundred years ago,
and it hasn’t been in the hands of a
pawnbroker since then.

  “Warehouse robbery, yes. The odd
feature is, the thief took ten cases of
green apricots in spiced syrup. Worth
about six dollars a case, retail.”

  Before I could ask him how he figured
everything out, including the flavor of
the syrup, the cops piled in. An ambu-
lance pulled up.

  Two press men got busy with flash
bulbs, and the police camera man got
busy. The photographers got pictures of
everything but each other. In the mean-
while, Nureddin and I were answering
questions.

  The cops don’t like fellows with tur-
bans, first because hats are the fashion,
and second, because there have been
thirty-four Hindu murders-in California,
all but one of them unsolved; Nureddin
Ali having uncorked that one, last sum-
mer.

  However, these brave lads in blue
didn’t know him; one said to his buddy,
“Another one of these damn Hindus.”
He turned to Nureddin and said, “All
right, you savvy English? Whatcher
name?”

  “I am Sayyied Nureddin Ali al Mam-
oun ibn Ghazi. Is spelling included in the
police manual?”

  That got a hand from everyone but the
gent with the notebook, and he said,
“Never mind the wisecracks.”

  They finally got him catalogued as N.
Ali, student, U.C.

 My name was easy enough. “Dean
Webber, huh? Dean of what?”
“Reconditioned and guaranteed cars.”
“Huh?”

  “I’m no professor, much less a dean of
anything. It started this way: Anne
Jordan—that’s the watchman’s daughter
—asked me to find her dad.”

  “Where is he?”

  “Haven’t found him yet. All I found

was this dead guy.” I didn’t look down.

  There was no chance of stalling. Every
time I tried it, they headed me off. You’d
have thought they thought I’d conked
Barclay.

  Then Nureddin cut in, “Pardon me,
officer. My friend is confused. Miss Jor-
dan’s father was—ah—quite swacked, de-
spondent, you might say, at having been
dismissed.

  “Fired is the word, I think. A week
ago. And he insisted on coming to the
warehouse.”

  I shouted him down, "He’s whacky,
Sergeant; he doesn’t know a thing about
it.”

  Nureddin raised the hand with the
emerald. “As I was saying, Sergeant, I
was in Mr. Webber’s office when she
phoned, and that was my understanding.

  “Miss Jordan seemed to fear that her
poor, drunken father might insist on
walking his beat anyway, and he’d get
into trouble. That was my understand-
ing. Mr. Webber very kindly agreed to
find him. I came along.”

  The sergeant turned on me. “What the
hell’s the idea of holding out?”

  “Between you and him, I haven’t had
a chance. to answer anything. Am I a
mind reader; do I know what the gal
had on her mind, weeping into the
phone? Why wouldn’t I do her a favor?
I been trying to sell her a car the last
three months.”

BEFORE we got through, Nureddin’s
story was a matter of record. When
I finally stepped out into the nice, cool
fog, I remembered I’d forgotten some-
thing: that quip he’d made about green
apricots in syrup.

  I said, “I have half a notion to tell
them what you held out. What was the
idea of spilling the beans about the old
man being drunk and hostile and cussing
the boss?”

  Nureddin twisted the dash lighter and
touched off a cigarette before he an-
swered, “It is this way, Dean. They will
hunt the old man, and that will save you
many gallons of fuel.”

  “Many, my eye, this bus gives 18 per
gallon in traffic.”

  I don’t think he believed me. He just
said, “Another thing, they’ll suspect him.
The girl will be worried silly, as the
saying goes.”

  I wanted to sock him, but sometimes he
was a nice fellow, and he might be a
customer some day. “That’s just it, you
heel. She’s a swell gal, she’s a honey.
And her old man is a good guy, and he
used to have a big job before he went
busted.”

  Nureddin had an answer: “They will
suspect Mr. Jordan, but they can’t prove
a thing, mainly because he is innocent.
Even the police will finally admit that.”
“That poor kid is half screwy from
worry!”

  “When you have cleared her father,”
"he calmly went on, “she will be so grate-
ful that she will buy a reconditioned and
guaranteed car.”

  I	stared.

  “Me, clear him?”

  “Well, perhaps not you. This whole
business is fascinating. A man getting an
oxy-acetylene torch to cut a hole into a
warehouse to steal ten cases of green
apricots in spiced syrup. Have you ever
eaten them?”

  “Sounds like cholera morbus to me.”
Anything to humor a customer, though
Nureddin was the slipperiest I’d found
in many a year. So I swung up Pacific
Street, and through the refined Barbary
so-called Coast.

  For a wonder we found a parking spot
on the main stem of Chinatown; to buy

25
green apricots, while Anne was depend-
ing on me to locate her drunken dad.

II

P'HINATOWN has more neon lights
^ than any section of Frisco, except
maybe Mission Street. We hoofed it down
the narrow main stem, Nureddin looking
into the windows where they had bottles
of ng ka pay, and dried horn toads, and
gentian root. Finally he saw a place that
looked right.

  A minute later, he came out with a
can of green apricots in spiced syrup, and
he said, “Now let us see Anne Jordan.”
Anne and her dad lived out on San
Jose Avenue. I headed up the California
Street hill in high, which is swell even
for a new car. It didn’t take us long be-
fore we were rolling along through a
section of little houses with their fronts
jammed right on the sidewalk, and their
sides wedged against each other.

  I’d barely pulled up when Anne busted
out of the house. She was streamlined
and blonde, and the light in the doorway
put a glitter in her hair. She ran to meet
me, to give me a hand with her dad.

  Her face changed when she saw me
clumping up the stairs, with a guy in a
turban following me. Anne looked puz-
zled and hurt, and she said, “Where—”
“We couldn’t find him.” I stepped to
one side to make way for Nureddin.
“We been looking for him, at the ware-
house.”

  Nureddin sized her up for a second:
the wide blue eyes, the nice curves under
the blue robe, the slim ankles. He said,
“After what happened, Miss Jordan, it is
just as well that he was not at the ware-
house.”

  “This is Nureddin Ali,” I told her.
“Maybe he won’t gripe you.”

  She spent a couple seconds looking at
the lean Arab from India. “Tell me about
it; I’m worried, Mr. Ali.”

  We followed her into the little white
shack, and parked ourselves in the living
room, which was too small for the old
and solid furniture she’d salvaged.

  There was a Persian carpet, worn thin,
like some they have in museums. Too
big for the room, but class all over.

  First time I'd ever been in her house,
and I began to understand how come her
dad would get swacked, just thinking too
much. He’d had big jobs at one time, and
getting fired from a warehouse would get
under his skin.

  Nureddin set the can of apricots on a
tabouret of carved teak. “We know you
are worried,” he said. “Perhaps I can
help you. Why was your father dis-
missed?”

  She twisted a handkerchief. “They said
that they didn’t need a watchman, that
he was a useless expense, that the war
had upset the importing business, that
there wasn’t anything in the warehouse
that needed watching anyway, nothing
but Chinese groceries, and all sorts of
odds and ends like that. But where is
he?”

  “We were there, and we didn’t find
him.” I got a chance to say that much.
“For all we know, he wasn’t there at
all.”

  Anne was getting impatient. “You’re
not telling me everything!”

  Nureddin hefted the can of apricots.
“These are packed in Canton. By Yee
Jun and Company.”

  Anne was ready to scream, but some-
thing about his purring kept her from
cracking off. I said, “The warehouse was
busted into and robbed tonight, Anne.
They stole ten cases of these things.”

  Anne brightened up a little, and re-
laxed. “Oh. Then maybe dad will get his

26

job back. Being fired made him feel use-
less. We don’t need his salary; I earn
enough at Vernier’s, but that’s not the
point.”

  Nureddin looked at the clock, saw it
was eleven, and spun the radio dial. “A
man was killed. Mr. Barclay,ione of the
partners. That is why we came out.”

T>IGHT on the second, the news com-
mentator chimed in, telling about the
war. Anne cracked off, “Oh, how ter-
rible!” Then her face got tense.

  “Mr. Barclay—killed—Mr. Barclay-
fired dad—” She grabbed my arm. “How
—what did happen? Have they got
him?”

  “He wasn’t there. We found Barclay.
But they’re looking for your father.”
She looked at the radio. “Is that why
you turned it on?”

  Nureddin nodded. “The police jumped
at conclusions. They would want to find
him. We had to explain our presence,
you understand. In the meanwhile, we
wondered about the strange loot. Green
apricots in—”

  He picked up the can and looked at the
lithographed label, with green fruit and
Chinese chicken tracks in red. “In
spiced syrup. Are you sure your father
was dismissed just to save expenses?”
He smiled that slow smile that never
told you anything. “Loot, and not worth
the trouble. Maybe he knew something
that Mr. Barclay did not want known.
May I have a can opener?”

  She got up; he had a way of making
people fall in line with his ideas. At the
door leading into the next room, she
stopped and asked, “You mean, there
might be smuggling? Opium, for in-
stance? And they fired him because he
had a suspicion?”

  Nureddin patted his turban. “Right
now, I couldn’t make a better guess, nor
a worse one.”

  The news broadcast told all about the
bombs in London. Anne’s heels tick-
tacked through the dining room, toward
the kitchen. Nureddin eyed the old Per-
sian carpet, so old it didn’t have a bit of
nap left, and it was patched in spots.

  “A real Feraghan,” he said; and the
way he said the words told me it was like
a Rolls Royce. “Do you know, that young
lady has made a very decent guess, half
right, half wrong.”

  “How do you know they stole apri-
cots?”

  “That asphalt emulsion floor is soft.
While you were in the office calling the
police, I looked at the marks. The weight
of a stack of boxes had made indenta-
tions in the soft paving. I could read
the prints, the traces of the lettering
painted on the boxes.

  “They had been removed recently,
after standing there quite a while. The
dust on the rest of the floor made the
clean squares stand out.”

  Nureddin never skipped anything. But
I found one hole in that. “Hell, suppose
they’d sold the stuff that afternoon?”
“Would the warehouseman make a
trail in the dust, leading from the pile to
the hole in the door? It was an old door,
one they had not used for a long time.
The loading dock where trucks pull up
is on the Filbert Street side, not on the
alley side.”

  He was so slick it griped me. “All
right, you read prints of box markings
transferred to asphalt that’d gotten soft
under a low roof on a hot day, and so
you made apricots out of it. How’d you
know there were ten cases?”

  “That pillar,” he explained. “There was
a dust mark between each two boxes.
You see, they had been stacked there for
some time.”

ANNE came in with a can opener.

    Nureddin set to work. The syrup was
spicy smelling; the apricots were grass
green. He speared one with the point of
the can opener, offered it to Anne. She
shook her head, for the radio had a hold
on her. I took a bite.

    It was hard as a gourd, and crisp; it
had the pit in it. But it wasn’t bad eating
once you got used to it. “I wouldn’t kill
a man for ten cases of these.”

    “No one else would.”

Then the police report came in from
the news broadcast. Anne said, “Oh,
Lord,” and jerked back. They had found
her old man in his parked car, at the
foot of Clay Street, near Drumm.

He couldn’t account for anything, and
said that for the past two-three hours
he had sat there. No one knew what he’d
done since leaving the Scandanavia Sa-
loon1, where he’d finished getting liquored
up.

Two-three hours alone. That was Jor-
dan’s story.

Anne was white as paper. “I’m getting
a lawyer. I’m going down to see him.
Drive me down, I’ll be dressed in a •
minute.”

Nureddin said, “They will try to make
him tell where he got a cylinder of
acetylene, a cylinder of oxygen, a cutting
torch. And where he put them, and
where he hid ten cases of apricots after
he killed Mr. Barclay. They will keep
asking him. Just tell your father to
speak only the truth, Miss Jordan.”

“Hey, how’d the cops know about the
’cots? You didn’t tell, I didn’t.”

“But the chief clerk and the inevitable
inventory would tell, or the surviving
partner,” Nureddin said, without even a
split-second pause. “So, Miss Jordan, just
tell your father not to speak other than
the truth.”

“What else would he speak?” she flared
up.

He raised the hand with the emperor’s
emerald. “It is very hard for a man to
keep to a truth that no one will believe.
He is the handiest suspect. He has a mo-
tive, he was drunk and angry. So they
will force the facts to fit the easiest way,
being human.”

A NNE eased up. “I’m glad you said
that. I might have believed—be-
lieved that Dad did do something wild.

Is it hard to get acetylene and the rest?”
Nureddin was an engineer, and I had
used the stuff for cutting up old cars for
jur k. We both knew the answers, but
for once I beat him to it.

“They’re easy to get, Anne; anyone can
buy them, steal'them from a construc-
tion job. But they weigh about a hun-
dred pounds apiece, and then there are
the gadgets and the torch and the hose
that goes with the outfit. Hauling them
around is a chore, hiding them is an-
other.”

“Why—” She stopped at the bedroom
door. “Why, it’s silly, thinking that a
groggy man could do a job like that. The
fools!”

When she closed the door, Nureddin
said to me, “Maybe I can furnish another
suspect. Before they beat a confession
out of Mr. Jordan.”

“Huh! That crusty old buzzard—they’ll
have to work a week to wear him down.”
“That is good.” Nureddin drew his
finger tips across his palm. “Before the
police have finished proving Mr. Jordan
did the work, I will have a chance to
speak to—well, the dead man’s partner,
his chief clerk. Perhaps to some of my
Chinese friends.

“I still do not think that this old man
cut a warehouse open and killed one of
his employers just to prove that a watch-
man's services are indispensible.”
“Neither do I; but that’s still more mo-
tive, proving it was crazy to fire him.
Maybe Barclay dropped in. Remember
that key hanging in the door? And sur-
prised him, and Jordan conked him, and
then cooled off.

  “And then got stinking drunk, the way
I might do after killing a man when I’d
just intended to sock him one for general
indignation.”

  You couldn’t blame the cops for trying
to make that shoe fit. The uselessness of
the loot—the point I’d figured would
prove old man Jordan couldn’t have done
the job—was what really made it all the
worse.

 Nureddin said, “Tomorrow, we go to
Chinatown to ask about green apricots.
And about the partners.”

  “Huh! You’ll get plenty out of China-
men.”

  He struck light to a cigarette, and his
brows twitched like devilish little wings.
“Making Chinese talk is impossible, but
persuasion—”

  Then Anne came out, all dressed, with
a handbag tucked under her arm. She
smiled, and caught my arm, and Nured-
din’s. “I heard every word of it, and
somehow you make it sound worse, and
sound better.”

Ill

r[E morning paper got it all nicely
boiled down, with old man Jordan
unanimously elected. When I drove Anne
down to the big, smoke-staineid Hall of
Justice on Kearney Street, the night of
the murder, I had intended to wait out-
side while she talked to her dad; but
Nureddin horned in, for all that I gave
him a dirty look and nudged him.

  Let the gal talk to her dad without an
audience. But Nureddin made a smooth
job of it, and she insisted on him tagging
along through the creosote smell of that
old jug. Well, what’d I do but tag along,
too.

  Jordan was still groggy, but he knew
what the score was. He was big and
square-rigged, with shaggy gray brows
and wiry gray hair, and his close-cropped
mustache was bristly.

 The turnkey let Anne into the cell.
Nureddin and I stayed in the corridor.

  The old man said, “I’ve been'a plain
fool, but don’t you worry.”

  Anne was crying a little. She sat be-
side him on that iron-latticed bunk with
the crummy blankets spread over it, and
put one arm over his square shoulders.
“Dad, I know you didn’t do it, I’ve got a
lawyer on the way. Can’t you remember
what you did, where you went?”

  He snorted, and straightened up. “Who
are those fellows?”

 “Mr. Webber and Mr. Ali. They drove
me down. They’ll help me.”

  “Private detective? The other one, I
mean.

 “No,” Nureddin cut in. “I’m an en-
gineer.” He took my flashlight out of
his pccket. “Mr. Jordan, will you please
stretch your legs out, so I can look at
your shoes?”

 Jordan gav< him a funny look, then
chuckled. “Go ahead. You won’t find
any Filbert Street dirt on them. I wasn’t
there; I got swacked and forgot it. Till
they found me parked and snoring.”

 The flash played around Jordan’s
square-toed shoes; they were black, half-
soled, and had a good shine.

  Then the light shifted to the blue wor-
sted pants. Threadbare, but pressed; a
nail snag, stitched so you could hardly
see it. The pants hadn’t dragged dirt from
his heels. Nureddin squinted, and said,

“No cuffs.” He straightened up then.

 Jordan frowned. “And shiny at the
knees, young man.”

  Nureddin looked him in the eye, smiled,
snapped off the light. “I’m quite con-
vinced you did not kill Mr. Barclay.” He
bowed from the hips, and touched his
forehead with his fingertips; somehow,
that did not look stagey.

  “Good luck, sir. We will wait outside.”

  Which we did. And looking back at all
that, the following morning, while I
tossed off some Jav^i along with the
paper, I wondered what Nureddin had
seen about Jordan’s pants and shoes
that the cops had skipped.

 I phoned Anne. When she said that
the lawyer was sure the grand jury
wouldn’t bring an indictment, she
sounded like she’d been awake all night.

 “Don’t strike me you’re much im-
pressed with the mouthpiece’s optimism,
honey. Don’t let it get you down; he
wouldn’t get a preliminary hearing till
this afternoon, and he may not even be
bound over to the grand jury.”

  I got that sigh over the wire. “Oh, he’s
all right. Only it’s not his father, it’s
just a client. Thanks for calling, but I
do have to hurry to work.”

 “Work?”

 “Win, lose, or draw, this will take
money.” Her laugh was a brave stab at
being cheerful. “How much do you bid
for dad’s car? Well, I don’t think they’ll
let me out for being a notorious man’s
daughter.”

 She hung up. Lucky Anne wasn’t
working in a place where she had to
meet the public, or they’d have had to
sack her, like that dame in the beauty
parlor; the customers came to gawk and
not te get finger waves.

 But Anne was private secretary to a
box manufacturer, so having her picture
on the front page didn’t hurt her, not
much.

 I looked at the paper. She was a
camera man’s treat. If she’d knocked
Barclay off herself, she’d be signing on
the line for a floorshow or something.

THAT day, I muffed a couple of push-
over sales. I told a joy rider to go
climb a tree, and an hour later he drove
past bearing down on the horn of a bus
he’d bought next door. He wasn’t a joy-
rider after all.

  Either I was losing my grip or I was
worried about Anne.

  Finally I turned the place over to my
left-hand man—me being the right hand,
and that all thumbs—and called Nured-
din, at International House.

  He’d left a call for me, not wanting to
break in on business. He wanted me to
meet him in Chinatown, at Pagoda Place,
to watch a Chinese funeral, of all things.

 I parked near the Three Dragons on
Jackson Street. The air was thick with
the smoke of black powder. Someone was
sawing on a sam-yin, a sort of fiddle that
sounds like a tortured cat.

  Gongs were whanging away like crazy,
and a little old Chinaman was pasting
strips of bright red flimsy on the dirty
brick wall at the corner of Jackson and
the alley.

 Then I jumped and ducked for cover,
but it was just the start of a firecracker
barrage. A couple Chinese dames gave
me a merry laugh. The whole alley
began crackling like a bunch of machine
guns had gone crazy. Nothing but part
of the fixing for an old style funeral.

 And everyone going to the prelimi-
naries gets slices of bacon boiled in sugar
syrup, and candied water lily roots and
maybe a silk handkerchief.

  Nureddin’s white turban stood out like
a torch light parade in that murky alley.

I dodged a street car, danced over the
slippery cobblestones, and asked him,
“Who’s dead and what is it to us?”

  He handed me an early edition, and
pointed. “Kwong Li committed suicide.
He is now enjoying”—Nureddin’s deep set
eyes had a laugh in them—“a lavish
funeral. I am full of almond wafers and
candied kumquats and tea and—”
“That’s not all you’re full of. Eating
candy while they’re hanging old man
Jordan. You act like you’re tickled about
Kwong Li’s doing the Dutch act. What
have you got against him?”

LOTS of people had plenty against
Kwong Li. Next to dog stories and
kid stories for human interest, the papers
love Chinee stuff. And Kwong Li had
spent forty years being advertised as the
slickest, crookedest, smilingest slant-eye
in all the thirty thousand Mongolians of
Chinatown.

  G-men had broken their hearts trying
to prove - he smuggled hop, girls, and
aliens. You might not know who • the
Mayor of Frisco was, but you’d be sure
who Kwong Li was.

  Remember the time he was getting
shaved? Two highbinders came in with
hatchets. Before they got one cut at him,
he pulled a short-barreled .41 from under
his bib and blew them both back on their
rumps, and then made the barber carry
on.

  He always padded around in his shoes
with the inch-thick felt soles, his skinny
old hands hidden in his sleeves. He said
he was a “Klistian Chinaman.”

  The foxy old buzzard used to give
candy to the white kids that came with
their folks to see Chinatown. He paid off
debts for busted gamblers. He was easy
copy for feature writers, and they loved
him; no wonder there was a big blurb
about the “eccentric and lovable son of
Confucius who suicided early this after-
noon.”

  But I still didn’t see what they had to
do with Anne’s dad.

  Nureddin said, “The surviving partner
of Pacific & Asiatics will be here before
the obsequies are over. He has to be.
The company had Chinese customers.
Look, he’s pulling up now.”

  A car door slammed. A tall man in a
dark topcoat was heading for the alley.
He had a big beak of a nose, a tanned
face, and slightly popping eyes; they
looked awfully tired and worried. His
mouth was unsteady, and a bit loose. His
chin didn’t match that he-man face.

  Nureddin said, “There was no partner-
ship insurance. I cut school today and
found that out, among other things.”
Westfield edged in through the crowd
of Chinese, and we followed him up the
stairs where the corpse waited. As we
reached the second floor, I saw that the
loft was jammed with lean Chinks, with
chubby Chinks, with Chinks in silk
jackets and caps, and with young squirts
in store clothes.

  Boys circulated around offering cakes
and drinks. Candles three inches thick
and a couple feet high stood in rows at
the far end.

  The coffin was on a trestle, and the
smoke of joss-sticks made the air blue.

  Even if you could understand Chinese,
that screeching sam yin, that plink-
plonk-plank of a flat-backed mandolin,
the tomtoms and the gongs would have
knocked every word out of shape.

  The men who filed past the coffin all
stopped at the head and bowed to the
young man who stood there, clasping his
own two hands and returning the bows.

THAT coffin was built like a battleship.
The planks had to be heavy or they

27
couldn’t have been carved so deep. You
couldn’t tell what kind of wood it was,
for every inch of it was painted red, and
decorated in gilt.

  I tiptoed, and looked over those hats
and little silk caps. They kept them on
as a mark of respect. I’d forgotten my-
self, so I put mine back on.

  The coffin planks were three inches
thick, anyway. I couldn’t see the corpse,
except just a bit of yellow face, a million
wrinkles, a shriveled mouth. And that
mouth gave me the creeps.

I yelled in Nureddin’s ear, “That old
buzzard is laughing at something; he’s
layed a dirty joke on someone. I bet
e committed suicide to spite someone,
to bring ’em tough luck.”

  “So you believe that, too?” He did not
yell, but his voice ate right through all
the noise.

  He was ribbing me for a boob. “Hell,
I read they do that, dive off to put a curse
on an enemy.”

  He caught my elbow, and I looked.
Westfield, hat on where it belonged,
formed an alley in the crowd. They
melted away. He didn’t touch a man, not
even with his sleeve.

  I said, “I’m getting a close look.
Kwong Li is snickering; no one ever beat
him alive, no one beats him when he’s
dead.”

  “Don’t,” Nureddin said. “You can’t
get near.”

  But I tried.

  I still don’t know how they did it. No-
body shoved me around. Nobody prodded
me. But a solid mass of Chinamen
blocked me.

  I said there were dozens of them. There
must have been a hundred, popping up
from nowhere, with little glasses of
wine, cups of tea, cookies. They didn’t
seem to see me or know I was there, but
I did not want to shake a tea cup out of
anyone’s hand, and rile them.

  Before I knew what was going on, I
was back a dozen feet where I belonged,
I guess.

  Nureddin had a silent laugh.

  Westfield was bowing, Chinese fashion.
The young man by the coffin was bowing.
The yellow wave shifted, and the two
were edged toward a door I hadn’t no-
ticed.

  I caught one look of Westfield’s face;
he was gulping like a fish out of water.

  I followed Nureddin to the entrance.
An old man gave me a white silk hand-
kerchief, and I said thank you. He didn’t
give Nureddin one; you don’t get seconds.

  When we got down to the street, the
Arab said, “Shake the fire-cracker paper
from your shoes, and take me for a
drive.”

  “Hey, I was going to see Anne.”

  “Later, yes. But now, take me to West-
field’s house. Like his late partner, he
lives in St. Francis Wood.”

  “What in hell has this funeral got to
do with old man Jordan?”

  “I think that the answer to Barclay’s
death lies somewhere between Kwong Li
and Mr. Westfield. Let me drive, while
you read Westfield’s statement in the
paper.

  “Just read, and ignore police guesses
as to whether acetylene and oxygen
stolen from the construction job on Third
Street was used to cut open Pacific &
Asiatic Warehouse.

  “Answer there is, probably yes, but
definitely irrelevant.”

IV

WHILE Nureddin booted that recon-
ditioned and guaranteed over Twin
Peaks, I managed to read, but sometimes
I skipped a line, mainly from wondering

28

whether to jump, or stick with the roller
coaster.

  But I did get Westfield’s statement be-
fore we zoomed down the far side, and
into the madhouse of horseshoe streets
in St. Francis Wood.

  Barclay, he said, had hollered on ac-
count of the Asiatic unpleasantness play-
ing hell with the import and export busi-
ness, and claimed they ought to cut down
expenses by firiftg the watchman and the
chief clerk.

  After all, Westfield claimed, you didn’t
need a watchman to guard groceries and
such like; it wasn’t like a bank or jewel-
ery store. The warehouse was fireproof,
and it had looked theft-proof, too.

  Taking a bunch of apricots? Cockeyed;
no Chinese angle at all, just a sour puss
old man trying to prove his job shouldn’t
have been eliminated.

  While Nureddin was nosing into one of
the gateways that give the exclusive
touch to the section just off Portola
Boulevard, I said to him, “Hell, this is
all static; we know all this.”

  He set the parking brake. “Correction,
please. This afternoon I talked to the
widow, Mrs. Barclay, and she insists her
late husband was against firing the
watchman; that he was annoyed at his
partner’s insistence.”

  “That makes Westfield a liar.”

  “Very concise. Unless newspaper men
made a mistake, and misquoted him. The
widow also said that business was not
bad, but that Westfield had overdrawn
his account. He played the races.”

  If it hadn’t been for the hole in the
door, and the missing apricots, I’d have
said, “Westfield got called for pulling too
much dough from the till, and he conked
his partner."

  But it was a cinch that he’d not have
had time to dash out for a couple hun-
dred pounds of gas tanks and cutting
equipment to fake a robbery, ajter he’d
killed Barclay in a sudden wrangle.

THAT pinch bar did make it look like
a sudden brawl, not a planned job.
Yet the cutting torch angle wasn’t spur
of the moment. I still had Chinese
funerals on the brain when I asked,
“Quizzing Westfield’s wife?”

  “No.” Nureddin headed up the grade.
“Mrs. Westfield is indefinitely away from
home. I hope I was not misinformed, or
she will be startled.”

  “She will? We will, pal. I do not like
this a bit.”

  Nureddin jingled a bunch of keys. He
stalked along, easy as if he owned the
whole district. Lights winked among the
trees, and chauffeurs tooled big Cads
and Packards around the curves.

  He said, “A man living here would lose
face if he had to move to quarters like
Anne Jordan’s. He would go far to keep
from leaving.

  “Now be casual. We go in by the front
door. That makes it an honest mistake.”
The house had white pillars, and sat
well back on a terrace. There were oaks
and conifers, and some acacias. A broad
drive made a loop in front of the house;
a branch led to the garage.

  Nureddin stepped to the door, and tried
a key. He did not waste any time with
that one, nor with the second. The third
one kept him entertained; I could hear
the metal whispering and grating as he
fooled around.

  Then the bolt slid, and he walked in.
He found a switch, and snapped it. I
was sweating and uncomfortable, but it's
hard to run out when the other fellow
is so cool.

  Stairs led to the second floor. To the
left of the vestibule was a long living
room with hardwood floor that had a thin

coat of dust over its polish. There was
a grand piano, and some scatter rugs. Be-
yond that, a breakfast room and sun
parlor.

  We backtracked, and headed up the
carpeted stairs. Nureddin skipped the
first- two bedrooms, whose furnishings
were covered, and stepped into the third.

  He glanced at the walnut dresser and
then opened a clothes closet. He looked
at all the shoes; most of them were on
trees. Then he looked at the suits, and I
wondered what for. It was something
like his way of going over old man Jor-
dan’s shoes and pants.

  He didn’t say anything, and his poker
face told me nothing.

  Maybe he was looking for bits of
scattered brain and drops of blood? It
takes a good cleaning to get every trace.
But I was too jittery to ask,or argue.
They usually have private watchmen in
these deluxe comers of town, even; early
in the evening.

  Nureddin pointed toward a room with
an acre of windows, facing to the back,
and over the rooftops of houses further
down grade. It was a library, furnished
with a walnut desk and a lounge.

  On the desk was a red piece of paper
with one Chinese character done in
black. A thumbtack held it down. Near
it was a white rooster with a sliced
throat. Fresh blood spattered the desk
top and the floor, and the chair.

  “Fu Manchu coming to town, huh?”
That fell flat as beer on a plate. “What
kind of a game is this?”

I KNEW damn well it was no game.
Leaving this dump looked better
every minute. A Chinese delegation had
beaten us to it by not much time.

  I began to think of that yellow wave
that edged Westfield to the back room
at the funeral. All of a sudden, I knew
that we’d watched a pattern shaping up.
and not just accidental trifles.

  “Killing a white rooster,” Nureddin
said, “is one of the first steps to putting
a curse on a man. They do it in Burma.
In the Malay States. In the Chinese se-
cret societies. Someone is not playing.”
“Can you read that brush-splashing?”
“That happens to be one of the few
characters I do know. It is a number.”
“Westfield’s, I guess. Chinese humor.”
“That is seven. It means completion,
the end, the fullness: which is what
death is for every man. It also means
traitor. Ah-Tsat, ‘Mr. Seven’, is the name
they give what you call a double-crosser.

  “This may be only a warning, or it may
be a sentence. I wonder what Westfield
will say when he sees what has been
put on his desk while he attended a
funeral.”

  “I’m not waiting to listen.” Then I
heard footsteps below, a mutter of people
trying to talk in an undertone and
making a hash of it. “What’ll we do,
duck, or hide in a closet, or—”

  “Shhh!” He listened a second, and
shook my hand off his arm. There were
sounds from the back; a scratching at a
screen. “They always surround a place.”

1 He snapped off the switch in the study.
As he strolled down the hall toward the
stairs, he sounded off, “No, I do not care
for this place. Quite too big. That fool
of an agent.”

  Maybe that gag would work—pretend-
ing we were looking over a house ad-
vertised for rent. So I adlibbed, “What in
hell’s wrong with it, ain’t it furnished?”
There weren’t any more sounds below;
and my guess was, neither were there
any ways of dodging a squad of cops. A
licensed private detective might get away
with this, but not us two eggs.

  Then I felt someone looking holes into
my back. I turned. Nothing but an open
bathroom door; but in the medicine
cabinet mirror I saw the reflection of
the Chinaman peeping past the edge of a
shower curtain. The glass picked him
out, behind the gathered folds that had
been slid to one end of the stall; other-
wise I’d never have seen him.

  In the meanwhile, Nureddin wrangled
his way to the foot of the stairs.

  There was a cop below; a private patrol
cop. He wore khaki, and a gun, the last
being in his hand. A crusty bird, and his
face looked like he knew he packed a lot
of weight.

  “All right, I guess you’re a meter
reader, eh? How’d you get in?”
Nureddin looked at him a second or so.
“With a key. What is the trouble, offi-
cer?”

  The cop didn’t know what to think.
Who would have, with that calm fellow
wearing a turban and an easy smile?

  ‘Trouble for you, wise guy! Walking
into a private residence.”

  “A furnished house,” Nureddin said,
as if correcting a half witted boy. “Did
you rent your house without looking at
it?”

  “Huh?”

  “Wait, let me show you." He dug a
newspaper clipping out of his pocket,
and also a key which had a real estate
agent’s tag on it. “You might try calling
.Crawford & Canning and ask them if
Nureddin Ali did or did not leave a de-
posit for keys to inspect a house.”

  The tag had Westfield’s address and the
street number.

rpHE cop didn’t know whether he’d
A made a mistake or not. He said,
“Hell, this is Westfield’s house. He didn’t
tell me he was sub-leasing. I saw him
last night.”

  “The agent did not say whose house it
was. I was not interested.”

Nureddin twirled the key. The cop
stepped to the phone, called Crawford &
Canning. He ended by getting one of the
firm at a residence number. He asked,
“You give a key to a Turk or Hindu?”
Whatever the answer was, he grunted,
slammed the receiver,. “All right, all
right. It’s my job, Mr. Ali, just my job.”
Nureddin was nice about it. “If I
should move in here, I’ll remember your
vigilance. Who is at the rear?”
“Neighbor’s chauffeur. He saw you
and called me.”

  When we got shed of him, and locked
the door behind us—though not with
the key we’d offered the cop—I said,
“One more like that and I’m through.
Suppose he’d tried the key?”

  “But he didn’t, because I put him in the
wrong, and from the start. There really
is a place for rent in this block. Nobody
but a resident ever does get the num-
bers ; straight out here. So I got a key
fpr that place.”

  Well, it had worked. I changed the
subject. “There was a Chinaman hiding
in the first bathroom.”

  “I saw him. A clever fellow. He got in
without being noticed.”

  There was a hidden laugh in his voice,
and he went on, “No, they didn’t see him;
they merely saw us.”

  “Look here, you sound as if that’s
swell.”

  When we reached the car, he answered,
“It is just as you say. The policeman
will start thinking, and he will ask West-
field. Or the chauffeur will start talking.
In the meanwhile Westfield will have
found the Sign of Mr. Seven.

  “I think that he will tell the police
that he expected people to inspect the
house. Also, he may be looking for us.”
“I hope nobody else does!”

  “He will. I caught his eye up there at
the funeral. A turban is conspicuous, you
know.”

  “So you’re gunning for Westfield? You
mean he did knock off Barclay?”

 As I made a U-tum, he answered,
“Westfield and the late Kwong Li were
engaged in smuggling, using the Pacific

&	Asiatic Import Company as a front. A
can of apricots need not assay one hun-
dred percent fruit.”

  It began to make sense, but Nureddin’s
trick of pulling things out of air griped
me all over. “I guess Kwong Li’s family
just up and told you the old man was
smuggling hop or something?”

  Nureddin said, “I am a Moslem from
Hindustan. However, there are twenty
million Chinese Moslems, and Islam is
one of the greatest fraternities in the
world.

  “You understand, I could hardly go to
the police to accuse Westfield of
smuggling. It would cause casualties
among the Chinese Moslem friends who
trusted my discretion.

 “We do not want any more Mr.
Sevens.”

V

ASSUMING Nureddin was right about
the smuggling, this business made
sense. Fill those apricot cans with opium,
and you’d have something. And the
Sign of Mr. Seven; Ah-Tsat, traitor.
Where’d a double-cross come in except
if one partner grabbed all the loot in-
stead of divvying up?

  We had nothing to do but catch West-
field with the ten cases of apricots to
prove he had killed Hewitt Barclay, or
that he knew who had.

  I said something like that.

  Nureddin wouldn’t say yes or no, but
he admitted, “If Westfield has loot he
should have shared with Kwong Li, he
would hardly dare keep it in his house.
We cannot wait for him to go to get the
plunder. If he is wise, he will let it lie
for a long while.

  “Indeed, with a murder to complicate
things, an unpremeditated murder, he
might never go after the apricot cans.”

  “I see you got my point.”

  He missed that sarcasm. “So, I must
make him get the plunder at once. I
think Kwong Li has similar aims.”
“Huh? He’s dead.”

  That funny smile again; I wanted to
sock him. “I meant the heirs and as-
signees of the late Kwong Li. Absurd of
me, after having seen the coffin.”

  “That suicide don’t make sense.”
“Turn here,” he cut in. “We want to
see Mrs. Hewitt Barclay. I would like to
persuade her to let me manage her in-
terest in the Pacific & Asiatic Import
Company.”

  This was a hot one. “Get me a job,
too. Now, Kwong Li was double-crossed,
so he kills himself.”

  “In Chinese, that makes sense. The old
man knew that such an act would make
it a point of honor for all his tong broth-
ers and relatives to hound Ah-Tsat, the
Traitor, to death or to restitution.”

  The Chinese are funny that way. I re-
member hearing of condemned bandits
paying a man to take their "place under
the head-lifting sword. The substitute’s
family got the dough and became inde-
pendent for life. The old clan spirit.

ANOTHER winding block, and we
parked in front of the late Hewitt
Barclay’s house, a brick job with a steep
English style roof.

  Mrs. Barclay had pulled herself to-
gether. She was a swell-looking widow,
not a day over thirty-five, and she had

a very elegant way of wearing black.

  Her hair was dark, and her skin was
white and clear; hardly a touch of make-
up, and not a speck of jewelry on those
long, slim hands, except a platinum
wedding ring.

  That gilt-edged Louie Something fur-
niture managed not to fold up when I sat
down.

  She shushed Nureddin when he apolo-
gized for intruding again.

  “I’m only too glad to help you, Mr. Ali,
and I do hope you can find something in |
favor of that poor old watchman. I can’t
believe he killed Hewitt.”

  “I had something else in mind. Could
you, if you so desired, buy Mr. West-
field’s interest in the company? I mean,
would it be plausible; would it seem
bona fide if you offered to buy?”

  “Why—really now, I’m sure I don’t
understand. Why should I buy?”

  “Because the partnership is dissolved.
He would buy you out.”

  “Which would be better.”

  She was still amazed at Nureddin
taking a hand in her affairs, but that
didn’t bother him. “Pardon me, Mrs.
Barclay, that would be worse. However
you feel about getting away from such
tragic associations, you must offer to buy
Westfield’s interest.

  “Whether you actually do so or not is
entirely your own affair, madam. Do not
think I am impertinent, but you must
make the offer.”

  “Why must I?”

  Her chin went up a little. But she was
more puzzled than annoyed; Nureddin
could sell almost anything in the way of
ideas.

  “In the interests of justice. Without
being vindictive, you surely wish to ex-
pose the man who struck your husband
down, not giving him a chance.”

  Mrs. Barclay’s eyes widened, and she
leaned forward, and one hand closed
tight on the gilded arm of the down-
cushioned love seat. “How would such a
purchase have that effect?”

  “I do not know, not yet. But if the
Pacific & Asiatic Import Company goes
under an entirely new management, it
would be better. Perhaps you were
thinking of retaining your interest, as a
silent partner, under a new agreement of
partnership?”

  “Well ...” She eyed me, then said,
“That had occurred to me. But—I wasn’t
too sure of Mr. Westfield. He has had
family troubles, and he plays the races.”
“Of course. You would not be too cer-
tain that your interest would be pro-
tected. So why not make him a fair
offer? You could readily engage a man-
ager to attend to the import business.

  “You could sell out, yes. But a gambler
is usually in need of money, and so you
would get the advantage if you bought.
He’d sell for a low figure.”

  “I think I see your point,” she said,
slowly.

'V'UREDDIN poured on the oil. “I
’ rather suspected, from the chief
clerk’s remarks, that your husband was
the real head of the partnership, and that
Mr. Westfield’s only asset beside his
original investment was his Chinese con-
nections. And with the suicide of Kwong
Li-”

“Oh.” She sat up straight. “When?”
“This afternoon. I know you’ve had no
time for the papers. As I said, with
Kwong Li’s suicide, I doubt that Mr.
Westfield’s connections amount to much.”
“You don’t like Mr. Westfield?”

  “I do not have more confidence in him
than you do. Until he is entirely out of
the company, my hands are tied. Justice
is tied, and doubly blind.

29
  “The police have a suspect, and so far,
I am unable to prove that they are
wrong. Help me, and I shall clear him—
and expose the criminal.”

  “Westfield?” She fairly whispered
that.	j

  Nureddin’s gesture committed him to
nothing at all. “Westfield has some odd
associates. Please call him, now. I am
sure he will hurry over.”

  She went into the hall, where there
was a phone alcove. I listened to the dial
ticking.

  I said to Nureddin, “Look here, if he
did Kwong Li dirt, those Chinese will kill
him, and it’s pretty hard to hang any-
thing on a dead man. Even if you are
holding out circumstantial evidence, it
won’t do a bit of good unless the cops can
use it to slug a confession out of him, and
how do you slug a corpse?”

  “The Chinese will not harm him.
Neither can you make a corpse tell where
ten cases of apricots are hiddeir.”

  I could hardly make out what Mrs.
Barclay was saying over the wire.

Xl^HEN she came back, she began, “He
"’is quite interested. He will be over
as soon as he can get in touch with his
lawyer. He wants to draw up the pa-
pers.”

  “Without an inventory, or checking of
the books?”

  “The final price will depend On all that,
and he said that he’d take a down pay-
ment, the balance to be subject to the
auditor’s report.”

  Nureddin leaned back, eyes nearly
shut. He was twisting that big emerald
set in old, soft gold. I’ve seen him on
short rations, but I’ve never seen him
hocking that chunk of green. Unless you
knew emeralds, you’d never believe it
was the real McCoy. Suddenly, he sat
up.

  “Mrs. Barclay.”

  “Yes?”

  “All it takes is what you call a ‘binder’,
to make this agreement of sale a sound
transaction?”

  “That is right.” She hitched herself
back in the love seat, smoothed her skirt
down over those trim legs. “But I need
not go that far; I can always call for more
time to consider.”

  She still wasn’t sold" on Nureddin’s
idea, and I wondered if he could talk her
into slapping five or ten grand on the line.
She was no one’s dummy. As long as
emotion prodded her, she’d carry on, but
soon she’d cool off,

  Nureddin took the ring from his finger.
He held it, looking at it himself, turning
it a little, until it was a great ball of live
green under theMights.

  He said, “I noticed that this held your
interest, Mrs. Barclay. Would you care
to examine it?”

  “Oh, I hadn’t really—”

  She meant she hadn’t realized she had
eyed it so openly that he’d noticed her.
Before she knew it, the ring was in her
hand. Her brows pulled together, just a
little, and her mouth became O-shaped.

  “Why, it’s genuine. It’s marvelous. I
never saw, not even at Shreve’s—”

  “Few people can believe that it is
genuine Mrs. Barclay. The Emperor of
all India, Shah Jahan, gave it to one of
my ancestors, nearly three hundred years
ago. The appraiser at Shreve’s tried to
tempt me. But how did you recognize
this stone?”

  “I have a few very small ones, Mr.
Ali.”

  Her fingers curled a little, she hated
to return it. He did not reach for it. He
let. her caress that old gold, that smooth,
deep green; it seemed to wink in the
light.-
30

  “Try it on your middle finger, Mrs.
Barclay. It takes a woman’s smooth
white skin to do it justice.”

  It was "a loose fit. It did look swell.
Then he got up, and uncorked the
play: “Give Westfield a check to bind
the bargain. Give him five thousand, ten
thousand, enough so that he will know
you are not trifling.

  “I will leave Shah Jahan’s emerald
with you as a hostage, Mrs. Barclay, in
case my advice goes to your disadvan-
tage. If in a week you say I was wrong,
sell the emerald to whatever jeweler can
give you its value.”

  She-was on her feet now, first looking
down at the ring, and then up at
Nureddin. “This is to assure me that you
are working for me, and not for Mr.
WestfieldV’

  “Just that. Perhaps you had best call
your lawyer to assist with the papers.
But do not let him persuade you against
a substantial payment.”

  He bowed, touched his fingertips to his
forehead. “Now we must leave. Before
Mr. Westfield calls.”

'C'OR a second the widow stopped look-
ing fascinated by the emerald; she
was frightened. “Oh, but I can’t run the
risk. This stone is worth the whole im-
port company! Suppose—”

  “I do not worry, Mrs. Barclay. It has
been stolen several times in the past few
centuries, but no thief has ever been
happy with it; Good evening, Mrs. Bar-
clay.”

He didn’t give her a chance to go with
us to the door. He left her standing there
with Lord knows how many thousand
dollars’ worth of splendor on her finger.
I didn’t know what to say.

  When I started booting the bus up the
grade, Nureddin took command. “Take
this locomotive back to your lot, and get
me something small, black, and common.
Something that will keep a man from
realizing that he is being followed.”
There wasn’t anything I could say after
seeing him risk—and don’t tell me there
wasn’t any risk—an emerald as big as a
goose egg, just to get Anne Jordan’s dad
out of the district attorney’s paws.

  Already, I had a hunch we’d be hang-
ing the sign of Mr. Seven on someone
that night.

  Not within the week, but that night, or
at least, the one after.

  Just where Mrs. Barclay’s check for
five thousand would come in, I couldn’t
guess; but it’s a cinch Nureddin wasn’t
playing when he tossed Shah Jahan’s
emerald to a strange woman.

VI

/~KNCE Nureddin got a V-8 from my lot,
” he went back to watch Mrs. Barclay’s
house. He said there might be a lot of
sleep lost, that there was no need of me
watching with him, and that it was about
time someone saw Anne. So I phoned
her, and drove over.

  Anne was pretty low. Before I got a
chance to tell her what Nureddin was
cooking up, she started off, “They’re
working on Dad, wearing him down,
keeping him awake.

  “No, I couldn’t see him, but I know.
They’re trying to make him tell where he
put the tanks of gas, and the torch. And
that fool of a lawyer—”

  She doubled over in the big needle-
point chair, and began crying into her
hands. I knelt beside her and patted her
shoulder. “What’d he do?”

  “That’s it.” She choked a little. “Noth-
ing, just nothing. Running around in
circles. Oh, I know what he’s working
for, trying to find out if we have enough

money for an appeal. That’s obvious.’'

  “Appeal? Wait till he’s indicted.”

  “No, but he will be. That fool’s been
suggesting that Dad take a plea, claim
self-defense, claim he was drunk, in-
sanity by reason of drunkenness, or
something like that.”

  “Huh. Even manslaughter, with a
breaking and entering would amount to
capital punishment. A couple years of
San Quentin would kill him. That lawyer
is afraid to risk a not guilty, and getting
either an acquittal or else the works for
his client. He isn’t really selling you
down the river.”

  “Oh, he isn’t! Well, it amounts to just
that!”

  I hated to see her cutting up that way,
but I didn’t want to tell her about
Nureddin’s combination play. Mainly be-
cause I didn’t see how all this finagling
around was going to work. I had a deep
hunch it would, or Nureddin would not
toss the Emperor’s emerald around casu-
ally.

  But spilling that Chinese angle wouldn’t
help Anne, and it might hurt Nureddin.
All I could say was, “Nureddin’s cooking
up something tonight, he’s watching a
suspect.”

  “Who?” She sat up straight.

  “Westfield. Do you know, there was
something odd about that cutting job. I
don’t know why I didn’t think of it be-
fore.

  “That door was cut from the inside.
You can tell by the way the slag from
hot metal, the-oxides, you know, stick on
the edge furthest from where the torch
nose is held.

  “Your dad didn't have a key, did he?”

  “Of course he didn’t, Dean. He turned
everything in.” But that didn’t last long;
her smile faded and her face dropped.
“They’ll say he had a duplicate made.
And threw it away when he finished the
job.”

■H^HEN I left Anne, I began to wonder
"' if Nureddin had noticed that the door
had been cut from the inside. I kept won-
dering all the next day.

  And when he did phone, that night,
there was no chance to ask him. For once
he was in a hurry.

  “Meet me where Hunter’s Point Avenue
curves at the ship’s graveyard, quick!
I’ll be in the V-8, right at the end of the
bend.”

  He hung up. I stuffed a .38 into my
pocket, and took off. I went out Third
Street, and a-helling across China Basin
Channel. The district is all warehouses,
gasoline storage dumps, freight sheds,
with the big aluminum tank of the Pa-
cific Gas & Electric commanding the
works.

  After dark there is not a dime’s worth
of traffic, though every once in a while
a fellow bopping out of a cross street can
line you up for a complete overiiaul.

  Nothing hit me, and no cops noticed
me. A switch engine just missed taking
off a rear fender, but I won a few sec-
onds for the risk. And I thanked Nured-
din’s Allah when I saw that the bridge
at Islais Channel wasn’t even thinking
of lifting to let a barge go through.

  Then I poured her around the curve
at Evans Avenue, going so fast that the
smell of rubber killed the slaughter-
house bouquet.

  The bus was steaming like Old Faithful.
Smoky Joe hadn’t filled the radiator. I
booted her till she pounded. The pistons
seized. I was so sore I didn’t think of
cussing. Running took too much breath.

  It wasn’t a long sprint, past the power
substation and the pile drivers, ferry
boats, and barges rotting in the salt flats
of India Basin. Squatters lived in some of
the derelicts, the long-abandoned boats.

   Not that I saw all this as I ran. I knew
 that tumble-down corner, and wondered
 what family Nureddin had tangled with,
 who he had spotted.

  He must have heard my hoofs, or my
 breathing. Before I could spot the make
 of the car parked at the far end of the
 curve, I saw a turban in the dark.

   Nureddin said, “If you ran all the way
 from home,, you did nicely.”

  “Which way?”

  He pointed. “Around the corner. The
 old brewery.”

 rpHE square tower reached maybe thir-
 ty feet up from the side hill. It was
 a skeleton, and only the walls of the sub-
 structure were standing: what was left
 was solid masonry, built years ago.

 Td often seen it, while driving out to
 the sea food joints, a mile or so beyond.
 There were tunnels leading way into the
 middle of the hill, drifted into rock.
 Lagering vaults for beer at one time.
 “Where dt\I come in?” I hefted the .38.
 “Put it away. You’re merely a witness.”
 “You had your guts, going to the near-
 est phone. Your men could’ve ducked
 out and gotten away.”

  “Not with what he was doing.”

  “He?” Funny, I hadn’t asked him
 sooner. “Who?”

   “Westfield.”

   So it wasn’t the Chinaman after' all. I
 followed Nureddin up the slope, and
 across the three-by-twelves that hadn’t
 rotted. Ahead, it was black as a squaw’s
 pocket. We were in an artificial cave. I
 was afraid even to whisp«r, so I couldn’t
 ask him how about a flash light.

  That would Rave been wasted breath.
 There was a light, far in. A column or
 angle or something blocked all but the
 indirect glow. I heard a funny sound,
 familiar, but hard to name. Also, a pour-
 ing and sloshing.

  We were on concrete paving now. I
 walked like a cat on eggs, and it seemed
 I made more noise than a junk wagon.
 Nureddin might have been a ghost, or
 the devil.

   Yeah, the devil, come to think of it; I
 never forgot the time he made a Hindu
 murderer hang himself.

   That yell ahead of us convinced me that
 Satan had popped up. I didn’t know a
 man could make a sound like that:
 choked, but shrill, tearing the guy’s
 throat. I drew my gun and followed the
 turban, though running the other way
 would have been more fun.

  We swung around a corner, and did I
 nearly drop when I saw what was in the
 half-masked light of a battery lantern!

   Westfield was there, backed against the
 wall, his hands high and dripping, his
 good-fellow face all gray; his chin sagged
 to his chest.

  There were four-five empty boxes, and
 about as many not emptied; fifty-sixty
 cans with the lids slashed open. That
 explained the funny sounds I’d heard at
 first.

   The floor was stacked with green apri-
 cots, and flowing with syrup that drip-
 dripped into a drainage channel to our
 right. I could hear the dripping, because
 the only other sound was Westfield’s
 breathing.

   Then I felt like Westfield. There were
 Chinamen there, with knives and drawn
 guns. All but one stood back in the
 shadows, so not a face was plain.

  The one coming toward Westfield when
 we barged in was Kwong Li.

  Kwong Li, smiling that “me Klistian
 Chinaman” smile he used when cutting
 down a highbinder, had come out of his
 gaudy coffin.

I WAS so shocked I saw things I’d not
have noticed otherwise, right away.
There were pearls near the green apri-
cots. Great big shining pearls on a piece
of flannel.

  Westfield had been cutting open the
cans until he found the one that was
loaded with more than fruit.

Nureddin stopped the parade. West-
field yelled, “Don’t let ’em kill me!”
Kwong Li said, “You catchee aplicot?”
Nureddin answered, “No sawee apli-
cot, me catchee him fellow, chop-chop.
Maskee no see, you belong dead.”

  Kwong Li scooped up the pearls. As
near as I could get the pidgin English,
Nureddin meant, “I want the guy, not the
loot, and what’s more, I didn’t see you,
you’re dead.”

  Granting that Chinamen are lousy
shots, and that I had a gun, it still was
tactful. But I was worried; we knew too
much, and how long before Kwong Li
began to consider ways and means?
Smuggled pearls would interest the cus-
toms officials.

  I was still shaking when the yellow
wave drew back, looped around, and
slipped along the further wall, heading
back to the road. And by then, West-
field could speak.

  “Why’d you let those devils get away?
They murdered my partner. I trailed one
of them to the loot; the others surprised
me.”

  A good yarn. First class. Nureddin
took it with a smile, and said, “You
opened the cans when you found them.
Suspecting, of course, that such useless
booty must contain smuggled valuables?”*
“Certainly. But who are you? I’ve seen
you before.”

  “Nureddin Ali, at Kwong Li’s funeral.

I have been watching you ever since Mrs.
Hewitt Barclay gave you that check.”
“What? What?” That shook him.
“Yes, that check, Westfield. The one I
asked her to give you, so that you would
have a reasonable excuse to leave town
with the pearls you kept, instead of shar-
ing them with Kwong Li.

  “When Mrs. Barclay offered to buy
your interest in the warehouse, you were
very happy to sell. You wanted to leave
San Francisco ever since that white
rooster was put on your desk. That
faked suicide by Kwong Li shook you.”
Then I saw the cylinders of acetylene,
way off in a dark corner. “ThdJe they
are,” I sounded off. “The gas, the torch.”
“And,” Nureddin said, pointing to
Westfield, “here is the man who murdered
Hewitt Barclay. The man who faked a
robbery in a futile attempt to convince
Kwong Li that the pearls had been stolen
by an outsider, not by an accomplice.

  “Barclay surprised you, Westfield, while
you were robbing your own warehouse.
So you hit him with a pinch bar.”

  “You’re crazy! You can’t prove it—the
police can’t—” He laughed. “You’re
whacky, you damn Turk.”

  Nureddin shrugged. “In your ward-
robe is a pair of trousers, and a pair of
shoes, all peppered with droplets of iron
on them. Molten iron spattering from a
torch cut. Drops so fine that they can
burn through your socks and you scarce-
ly feel them on your skin.

  “Even if there is not one fingerprint on
the torch, those clothes finish you, Mr.
Westfield.”

  He tried to make a break, and I conked
him with my gun barrel. Nureddin said,
“That was needless. I have sabotaged his
parked car, up the block. A call to the
police would bring a squad to search his
house long before he could get home.

  “Oh, well, give me a hand and we’ll
carry him.”

  Before we packed him out, I stepped
over for a look at the cutting equipment.
Any man who wasn’t a positive runt
could handle the stuff.

  Westfield had snitched a “WC” size
acetylene tank, which weighs only a lit-
tle over ninety pounds, and a “K” size
oxygen cylinder, which is the midget of
its family.

  I said to Nureddin, “He wouldn’t need
a helper to take this stuff out of his car,
and into the warehouse, and then back
again, to bring' it out here and ditch it.”

NUREDDIN eyed Westfield, listened to
his breathing, and smiled in that
gentle-assassin way of his. “This man
will not know his own name for the next
several days, I fear. But please continue
explanations.”

   “Nothing left to say, I said it all.”
 “Pardon me, but not all and not totally
 accurate. He did not have to remove
 tanks from his powerful and costly car.
 He had merely to pass the torch and hose
 through a ventilator near the eaves, then
 go into the warehouse and start cutting.
 Now be pleased to assist with this—”
 “The word is cold meat.”

  When we dumped Westfield into his
own car, Nureddin opened the luggage
compartment, which had an automatic
light inside.

  He pointed and said, “See the black
paint that flaked off the acetylene cylin-
der? See the scraping of green enamel
from the oxygen cylinder? Also, bits of
red earth from the construction job where
he stole these things.,

  “Now be pleased to drive to the near-
est telephone; I will wait with the pris-
oner.”

   That settled it, and the rap stuck. West-
field squawked about the pearls, but
Kwong Li didn’t have them, and didn’t
know who did—that was his story.

  He claimed he had been helping fellow
tong brothers, and he didn’t have the fog-
giest idea of what the score was—and he
got away with that.

  Nureddin figured that it wasn’t his
business helping the customs officials; all
he was concerned about was to get his
emerald back from Mrs. Barclay, and get
Anne’s dad out of the jug. He did both.

  “You see,” he told me, later, “it was
simple. First, that torch cut was from
the inside of the warehouse, so that the
glare would not attract a possible passer-
by, or switch engine crew. But for the
murder that followed, that detail would
not have been important.

  “Then there was the way the Chinese
let Westfield get to the coffin, but kept
Us away. Westfield, already worried by
the so-called suicide of the man he’d
gypped, wouldn’t notice that the supposed
corpse was not totally dead.

   “All these, and gossip from a couple of
Chinese Moslems gave me my suspicions.”
There was a sly smile, and he went on,
“Finally, the funeral, before the corpse
was cold, an old time Chinese is not
buried until the jeng shut men, the sooth-
sayers, pick a lucky day.

  “Westfield knew. Chinese customs, but
he did not think clearly, being worried
by his conscience. Worried about the un-
intended killing of Barclay, and by the
threat implied by Kwong Li’s suicide-
for-vengeance.

   “Very simple for an Oriental, like my-
self.”

   It was just as simple as the way I sold
Anne a reconditioned guaranteed, a cou-
ple days after. She never drives it, be-
cause she’s got too many boy friends
with cars.

   There may be justice in the world, but
where do I come in?

31
Cass Gentry tossed the snakeskin hatband on the bar. "Explain
this," he growled

G unswift

 By Jack Byrne

CASS GENTRY, coming to Triangle Town
with his partner Swifty Ogden, finds that
his job is to untangle a sinister web of mys-
tery. A professional gun-hand, Gentry quick-
ly decides that the best technique is to start
rattling Triangle’s skeletons. Only thus will
he be able to probe the murder of
Matt McHale, the owner of the Rocker-M
ranch, who was shot down and robbed a year
before. Since his death the Rocker-M herd
has been severely raided by rustlers, and nest-
ers have over-run the range, taking advantage
of the new homestead law. The inheritance of
Mary Ellen McHale, the dead rancher’s
daughter, has dwindled almost to nothing. De-
serted by her fiance, the smooth young lawyer
Martin Burdette, Mary has found refuge in
the home of one of her few remaining friends,
Dr. George Farabaugh; she is a companion for
the doctor’s wife, Ada, a crippled and embit-
tered woman. Also loyal to Mary is Bearpaw.
a grizzled veteran of the Rocker-M.

OLLIE SHAND, cattle-thief, is the man most
generally suspected of Matt McHale’s
murder, for McHale and his men strung up
Shand’s father. Yet it is Shand who saves the
lives of Gentry and Ogden when they ride
into an ambush by Kettledrum River. Shand
kills the ambusher,

Tex Cordill, formerly the ramrod on the
Rocker-M, now a tool of the mysterious Tri-
angle combine. Only a few minutes after the
killing Gentry and the others see a man ap-
proach the body of Cordill and take from it
a thick sheaf of bills. Then he rides away,
but Shand has recognized him to be
Vic Barth, deputy sheriff in Triangle.
Barth’s crony is Wash Parsons, the mayor,
and Gentry has no particular suspicion of that

oeeiy man until he witnesses a secret meeting
between Parsons and a buck-toothed stranger
out on the range. Suspicion grows when Cass
discovers that Buck-tooth, the wearer of a
snakeskin hatband, played some part in a
rustler raid.

FRANK IRISH, Triangle’s shrewd banker,
cannot explain to Cass why Matt McHale
left behind him so meager an estate. He had
considered McHale a wealthy man. Irish
warns Gentry to take it slow and easy in his
probing of Triangle’s mystery, but Cass be-
lieves in the use of dynamite. So he roughly
handles

Ben Quigg, the rabbity sheriff, demanding
to know what happened to the bills taken by
Vic Barth from CordilL’s body. Could that be
the same money that was stolen from the
murdered McHale a year before? Continuing
to push the fight, Gentry knocks around sev-
eral cowhands from the Snaketrack ranch,
owned by

Abel Bannister, an old enemy of Matt Mc-
Hale. It .is suspected that Bannister may have
a hand in the rustling of the Rocker-M herd,
and now Cass serves notice on him that he
will have some explaining to do.

HOP RANDOLPH, gambler, was once the
suitor for Mary Ellen McHale’s hand, and
he had cause to hate old Matt McHale. But
Cass somehow trusts this bitter, heavy-drink-
ing man; he believes him when the gambler
says he had nothing to do with the murder.
Randolph has a savage distrust for Mairtin
Burdette, but he will not explain why, and
Cass Gentry has been unable to shake the glib
poise of the young lawyer.

Triangle contains two secondary mysteries

which are puzzling. What is the Englishman,
Talbot, doing in town? And who supplies
Duke Costello with money and why is the
man drinking himself to death? . . .

One night, while Cass Gentry is stabling a
horse In the Farabaugh bam, Mary Ellen Mc-
Hale comes to him there; and she tells him
that to have him as an ally has given her new
strength. They are talking when a gun ex-
plodes in the night outside, and only Cass’
split-second lunge saves the girl from the bul-
let intended for her. . . .

CHAPTER XVI

LIGHT IS DANGER

C, ASS GENTRY shot out the lantern.

He was twisting toward the girl to
A shield her as he fell, he was kick-
ing the hampering bench aside, he was
hooking his weapon out of the leather
and pointing it by blind reckoning and
fingering the trigger—all these swift func-
tions packed into that heartbeat interval
between the instant that Mary Ellen was
driven back and the instant following
when Cass Gentry sprawled on the stable
flooring.

The echoes of the gunblast that had
buzzed a bullet between them were still
pounding the stable walls when Cass fired
his answer. He shot at their greatest
danger, the light that would expose them
to a following attack, and his heavy slug
shattered the glass, knocked metal clank-
ing, brought down the curtain of dark-
ness.

He fired, and he rdled his body wildly
in the gloom. His free hand sought for
Mary Ellen to warn her somehow against
any movement, any faintest noise. His
fingers touched her face, and two hands
tightened on his wrist and pulled his palm
against her cheek.

This story began in the Argosy for February 15

 32
  She had sensed his message. In those
tense seconds of waiting, he could feel
the warmth of her breath and the silken
softness of her parted lips. His muscle-
ridged arm marked the slow lift of her
breast in tempo with his own soft inhala-
tions. He was propped on elbow and hip,
and the muzzle of his Colt’s was posed to
cover any stir from the blacker blot of
the doorway.

  For more than a minute the frozen
tableau held. A shake of his wrist sig-
naled Mary Ellen to loose her grip then,
and Cass lifted in a crouch. He crossed
to the doorway swiftly, huddled at the
opening to peer into the bare expanse of
yard.

  The kitchen light still burned in the
house, and in the shadowed space be-
tween he could see or hear nothing. As
he watched, however, a second light
flared in an upper room. A muffled voice
called out, then lifted in sharper alarm.

  The girl had crept after him. “It’s Mrs.
Farabaugh,” she whispered. “I’ve got to
go to her—”

  “Stick close beside me,” Cass said.
“Scared off, I guess, whoever it was.”
The .45 jutted from his hand, moving with
the slow turn of his head that searched
the night. Mary Ellen’s shoulder rubbed
his arm as they crossed to the kitchen
entrance,

  “Lock that door when you get inside,”
Cass said grimly. ‘Til look .around the
back here.”

  She nodded. Mrs. Farabaugh was shrill-
ing her name, and she called out reas-
surance. Cass gave the gun a savage jerk
as he turned. That singing bullet had
whizzed as close to her head as to his
own. He thought of the roan horse, foun-
dered on the creek bank, and the image
of what might have happened on that
stable bench twitched his mouth with
rage.

  Who were they? What murderer had
been prowling there? At which of them
had the skulking gun been aimed—at Cass
Gentry or Mary Ellen?

  He had scarcely begun to search the
shadows when sounds from the street in-
terrupted. Dr. Farabaugh came hurrying
along the driveway, a long-striding giant,
with Bearpaw humping behind him.

  “Did those shots come from this way?”
Gentry?” he hailed. “What’s up, man?
Why are all my lights burning?”

  “Some kind friend took a shot at me,”
Cass said, “with no harm done. I was
just about to strike a light and see if any
trace might been left behind. I’m afraid
the ground’s too wet, though.”

  “I told yuh!” Bearpaw exclaimed.
“When them shots cracked off I said to
the doc they sounded from his direction.
Where’s Ellie?”

  Cass told the story briefly while lan-
terns were being lighted in the stable.
Old Bearpaw rumbled a string of exple-
tives, and Farabaugh’s hand, huge and
hairy, made a convulsive snatching mo-
tion.

  “It was something like this I was afraid
of,” he said, thin-voiced. “I—we—it can’t
go on.” He turned to stare toward the
lights of the house. “Perhaps I’d better
see if there’s something to be done for
Mrs. Farabaugh.”

THE soggy turf had no evidence the
amber lights could find. The stable
verged on a narrow alley that was irreg-
ularly lined with sheds and fences, and
the would-be killer might have ap-
proached from any direction or have van-
ished into countless dark hidings. There
had been ample time for getaway, Cass
thought, in that interval when the threat
of further attack had forced him to play
possum.

  “Might’ve been anybody,” he said dully.

“I saw no more than a ghost in the dark.
Heavy-caliber pistol, I’d judge from the
sound—which is just about all we got to
go on. There’s nothin’ more we can do
here. Mudded tracks wouldn’t tell us
much, nohow. Whereabouts were you
when you heard the shots?”

  “Over town—corner of Division Street.

I seen the doc turn out of tl\ere, an’ him
an’ me was passin’ the time—”

  “What I meant was,” Cass said, “that
if we knew certain people stood else-
where at the time, at least we’d know
who didn’t do it. How long you been
over town?”

  “I stayed close here,” Bearpaw protest-
ed, “until she blew her light out. She
tried to run me off—”

  “It wasn’t your fault,” Cass said. “I
drew the fire on her, more’n anybody.”
He thumbed his chin. “Has Vic Barth
showed up lately?”

  “Not that I know. I ain’t seen ’im.
Me’n Swifty been hangin’ out like yuh
told us, watchin’ who talked with who an’
what little things went on. Wampum
Street’s still waxin’ strong. The biggest
crowd’s at Venable’s, an’ Swifty’s watch-
in’ that high-stake Sattid’y game they
hold there.”

  “Who could you account for when the
shots cracked off, and maybe a little be-
fore?”

         —Bearpaw pushed back his
"' soggy hat—“I sat on the step of the
^Travelers’ House, just before that time,
to roll me a smoke. Le’s see now. . . .
Ben Quigg was snorin’ drunk in his cub-
byhole, an’ that big Dutchman of his was
runnin’ Duke Costello out of the Happy
Hour so as to head off a fight. The Duke
gen’ally delivers speeches around this
hour of mornin’ an’ gits overloud. The
party at Eli Lombard’s had split up, an’
five or six come down the hill for a night-
cap.”

  “Was Burdette along?”

  “He was, damn ’im,” Bearpaw said.
“Him an’ Frank Irish an’ Henry Gaunt
an’ some others. They passed me close.
Mr. Fancy-pants Burdette said he’d step
across to his office to pick up some papers
an’ join ’em at the Wheel of Fortune
later. He—”

  “What’s the matter?” Cass said.
“Funny,” said Bearpaw. “It never
struck me before. From where I was on
the street I’d shorely notice his office light
up. He crossed to’rds the buildin’, pud-
dle-jumpin’, but I can’t recall any lamp
that lit upstairs there.”

  Martin Burdette night-prowling? That
slick young lawyer risking his handsome
skin to further some sly scheme he had?
The odds were against it, yes, but it still
remained a possibility.

  “Who else was around?” Cass asked.
“The Snaketrack bunch are mainly at
the Happy Hour, cuttin’ high-jinks. That
hook-nosed feller yuh run in with is one
of Bannister’s high-priced gunhands, they
say. He didn’t take to the way yuh han-
dled 'im, I reckon. He was talkin’ mighty
big a little earlier, curlin’ quite a kink
into his tail.”

  Cass nodded. There was no telling who
might have seen, him ride into town with
the doctor. Plenty enough time had
elapsed, while he was putting up the
buggy and tending the doctor’s horse,
for word of his return to be passed along.
Two minutes’ walk, cutting the back lots,
would fetch a man from Wampum Street
to the stable.

  “There wasn’t much doin’ on the
street,” Bearpaw said. “The rain kept ’em
close in the shank of the evenin’, an’ I -
know from the days when I was frisky
that a drinkin’ man or a gamblin’ man, er

whatever else, don’t change his stand
much after midnight.

  “I did see Hop Randolph come out fer
a breather walk, an’ Venable went look-
in’ from place to place to see what trade
the rest was doin', an’ Wash Parsons
waddled off somewheres—”

 “What time was that?” Cass said
sharply.

  “Why, I dunno. Jest latterly. It was
five-ten minnits before I run into the
doc.”

  Cass lifted his shoulders, let them sag.
“It’s like I first said—it might been any-
body. It could been some stranger we
never heard tell of. You might stop at
the house and see if she’s—if they’re all
right in there. Mis Farabaugh took a real
big scare, from the way she sounded.”
“She’s sickly,” Bearpaw said. “Been
crippled up fer years. I shorely pity her
if she has to stand these doggone miseries
I git in my bones when it turns this kind
of rainy weather.”

  “See you,” Cass said. “I’ll go and hunt
up Swifty.”

HE TRAVELED the alley. The lights
of Wampum Street had a brighter
shine in the clearing air, and he stood
briefly to look and listen.

  At this dim hour the thoroughfare again
wore the haggard guise he remembered
from his pre-dawn stroll. The black
hulks of houses straggled forlornly,
though now they were spotched with
lighted squares and oblongs. Six saloons
still running open in this one block, Cass
counted, and more beyond.

  He walked toward the biggest light, the
noisiest light, toward the Wheel of For-
tune, and a secretive whistle hailed him
midway along. He halted, turning, and
the Young ’Un stepped out from the
shadow of a wall.

  “You’d already passed,” he said, “be-
fore I could make you out. I thought
you was opt of town, Mr. Gentry.”
“You’re slippin’,” Cass said. “I come
back a little spell ago, as others seemed
to notice. What you cattin’ around for,
this hour of night? Young stuff your
age should be long in bed.”

  “I had to let somebody know,” said the
boy. “I couldn’t find Bearpaw, and I’d
give myself away if I tried to catch
Swifty’s eye in Venable’s. I went out to
the shack—”

  “What’s up?” Cass muttered.

 “Vic Barth’s back,” the Young 'Un
breathed. “I figgered you’d want to know.

I ain’t see ’im—he ain’t showed his face
around—but his white-footed horse is in
the Spur Corrals, and his saddle too. Been
there more’n a hour.”

CHAPTER XVII

WHEEL OE FORTUNE

CASS moved slowly along the bar in
the Wheel of Fortune. The big room
was heavy with warmth, with stale scents,
with a smoky haze that eddied against
the rafters. It buzzed with a drone of
talk, a murmur of small related sounds.

 The long bar was well lined. Cass
counted eight tables of poker, big and
small, in session. Against the north wall
a wheel of roulette was spinning, and a
birdcage layout had ten or twelve gath-*
ered around. There were a pair of faro
boards where twenty or more bucked the
tiger.

  Cass Gentry’s entrance caused no stir,
no Special notice that he could discover.
At this hour of night the drinkers were
too deep in their drinks and their talk,
the gamblers too absorbed in their games,
to be easily distracted. Cass was passing
toward the rear, toward the table where

33
the thickest ring of watchers were gath-
ered.

  He saw familiar faces. Hop Randolph
was dealing from a faro box, and Martin
Burdette was one of a group at a bar-
side table. Some quality in Cass Gentry’s
stare must have transmitted its message,
for the young lawyer turned his head as
Cass was moving past. In that quick
clash of glances, Cass thought he could
detect a flicker of emotion.

  Cass hesitated deliberately. His gaze
traveled down to Burdette’s tight-fitting
trouser leg, to the mudded boot. It was
possible that a man might splash himself
so in crossing the puddled street. Such
spatter-marks might also be acquired in
running the alley shadows.

  Shrugging, Cass strode on. Two-thirds
of the boots and brogans in Triangle
Town would be muck-browned to some
extent, and the scrapings of them all
would not assay a single ounce of proof.

  Swifty Ogden saw him coming. He
edged through the ring of spectators at
the big table, and the tilt of his head
steered Cass aside. Sudden shifts of plan
and tactics were the usual course in any
deal where Cass Gentry was concerned,
and Swifty accepted his presence without
question. They found elbow-room along
the rear wall.

  “There’s a man in the game,” Swifty
said, “who was huntin’ the town for you
around supper time. Abe Bannister, they
call ’im, and he looks like he might be
hard to throw.”

   “That’s fine,” said Cass. “I’ll spare 'im
further lookin’. What else goes on?”
“There was quite a stir a while ago.
Some gent busted in to holler that night
riders was loose up north. Bannister’s
leadin’ a bunch to look into it, come day-
light. There’s been talk of necktie parties
and the whole county gangin’ up to wipe
out Ollie Shand.”

   “Yeah,” said Cass, “it’s a loud-talkin’
town. Looks like they got a good-sized
game there.”

  “Real good,” Swifty muttered. He
touched the fading bruise that ringed his
eye, wagging his head. “If I could put
my hands on a stake of money. . . .” He
sighed. “But I reckon it’s just as well.
They’ve stepped the bets beyond a bank-
roll of my caliber since that little banker-
man of yours sat in.”

  “You mean Frank Irish?”

  “He took a chair about a hour back.
They say he plays here once a week, and
I’d tell a man he knows his poker. He
bets ’em both ways—when he’s got ’em
and when he hopes to git ’em. That brick-
faced Englishman’s dropped one pile
a’ready and had to ramble out to collect
fresh money.”

   “Let!s have a look,” Cass said, and they
circled the cordon of onlookers to find a
vantage that would put their backs
against the wall.

STUD-HORSE poker was the game, and
seven players sat at the big round
table. Dan Venable, a lean and angular
man of middle years, banked this high-
stakes table each Saturday night.

  A thousand dollar stack was the mini-
mum requirement, and the final hand was
customarily dealt at the crack of dawn.
It was a gentleman’s game—traveling
deal, no cut to the house, no side bets
permitted. The biggest men in the nearby
country were frequent participants.

  Tonight was representative. The scar-
faced man, Swifty whispered, was one of
the get-rich-quick crowd from Plateau.
There was a mining man from Deadwood,
a cigar-chewing redhead who owned a
rival establishment down the street, and
a stocky, brown-skinned man in a bow-
ler hat who sat dourly between Venable

34

and Frank Irish, showing no interest.

  "Where’s the Englishman?” Cass mur-
mured.

  “He ain’t come back. That’s his Man
Friday holdin’ down his chair. Take no-
tice of that froze-face jigger, Cass. I
overheard ’im talkin’ earlier, and you
can’t hardly sawy a word he says. His
mouth’s full of prickle-burrs.

  “I pieced out enough, though, to hit on
one point that struck me funny. Ain’t
this Englishman supposed to be a minin’
man? If that’s the case, why is his meal-
mouthed right bower so doggone nosey—”
Cass jogged his arm. He was shifting
for a view of the seventh man, and over
an intervening shoulder he had his first
sight of the Snaketrack boss, Abel Ban-
nister.

  Swifty had called the man right, Cass
thought. Bannister had the look of a
critter who would be hard to rope and
tough to throw. A bull-muscled neck was
set on a body that was thickly layered
with strength. His coppery face was
broad, harshly lined, blunt featured. His
pouched eyes, wrinkled now against the
reflected shine of the swing-lamp above
the table, inspected his layout of cards
with suspicion. He glared at the man who
had bet five yellow chips on his ace-king
in sight.

“Call yuh,” he growled. “I swallowed
down enough damn’ bluffs for one night.”
“And up another five hundred,” said
Frank Irish briskly. “I’ve got to protect
this little straight I aim to fill.”

  “That’s what I mean,” Swifty muttered.
“A ten-spot’s his highest up-card, yet he
bets ’em as if he had the table beat. He’s
lucky, too. Wait and see if the final fall
don’t pair ’im.”

  And so it happened. The fifth card
gave the banker sevens over tens to beat
Bannister’s back-to-back queens.

  “I got second sight,” Frank Irish
crowed. “I could see that seven cornin’.”
“Deal the cards!” the rancher growled.
“It ain’t your winnin’, Frank, that I mind
so much as it is the fact that you always
got to be so right about ever’ little thing
that happens.”

til ET me through here!” a high voice
•L* commanded, and Cass saw the pink
face of Talbot as the tall Englishman
pushed through the watchers. His pale
eyes were angry beneath yellow brows,
and he spoke with jerky impatience.

  “Sorry, gentlemen,, sorry. Never like to
delay the proceedings. Very good, Low-
ery. Take this coat, will you, and have
them send a fresh glass.”

  He settled in the chair that his dour
companion vacated, produced a sheaf of
squarish currency from his fuzzy jacket.
“Pounds sterling,” he announced. “No
objection, I trust. I am playing five thou-
sand of your dollars.”

  “Fresh money!” said the man from
Deadwood. “Shake up that deck and let
me at it!”

  “Wasted a confounded hour,” the Eng-
lishman muttered. "Stupid fellow at the
inn wasn’t on hand to open his strong-
box. Had to chase all about in your
beastly muck.. . . Eh? What’s that? Oh,
yes, yes, certainly.”

  He cut the deck that the dealer had
pushed toward him.

  Cass stared at the long-faced Britisher.
Talbot’s present attire, from white stock
to glossy puttees, showed no evidence of
muddy wanderings. Was it over-sharp
imagination which made Cass think that
the Englishman’s public announcement
had been too elaborate?

  The cards had been flipped around the
board. When the first betting came to
Frank Irish he folded his hand. “I pass
the buck,” he said. “I’ve no mind to quit

winner, gentlemen, but you’d better deal
around me for the next few hands.
There’s a man I got to see. Can you spare
a minute, Abe?”

   'Me? ” said the rancher. "Hell, no! I’ll
hike your bet there five blues, mister.
What man—what for?”

   Frank Irish was showing his wise grin.
“Why, the man you been lookin’ for,” he
said. “I thought if you had the time, Abe,
I’d make you acquainted with Cass Gen-
try who’s standin’ back in the crowd
there.”

CHAPTER XVIII

WHISPER THE DAWN

AFLUTTER ran through the ringed
watchers—bodies shifting, heads
turning, feet shuffling. Men shrank away
as Abel Bannister’s chair grated the floor-
ing and as Cass stepped a half-pace back-
ward to merge with his shadow against
the wall.

   It was a queerly strained situation, a
small drama suddenly set in motion by
the little banker’s ironic stagecraft. Any-
thing might have stemmed from it, Cass
thought, though the actual eventuality
was the development he least expected.

   The Snaketrack boss came to his feet.
He leaned forward, his head thrust ag-
gressively, and confronted Cass with a
black-browed glare.

"Your name Gentry?” he demanded.

   “So I been told,” said Cass.

   “I been lookin’ for you, Gentry,” the
bull-necked man said with heavy empha-
sis, “to make some statements plain. The
first is that any Snaketrack hand, from
the boss on down, who hooraws a woman
on the public street—he deserves what’s
cornin’! If I’d been in your boots this
evenin’, mister, I’d dosed them hammer-
heads of mine with the selfsame medicine
you dealt out, or more so.”

   He slapped the table. “That’s that,
Gentry. The second thing is Tex Cordill.

I hired ’im for the simple reasons that
he savvies cattle and knows this country
and needed a job.

   “If he mixed into crookedness at the
Rocker, which you’ve hinted around, it
was none of my affair. If he taken a pot-
shot at you, as you claim, it wasn’t done
by Snaketrack orders. Is that plumb
clear?”

   “I never stated otherwise,” Cass said '
quickly.

   “But while we’re at it,” Bannister
rushed on, “let’s git the whole fandango
straight. Where is Cordill, and what ex-
actly happened with you and him at the
Kettledrum?”

   “I left it to the sheriff to look into
that,” Cass said. “You mean to tell me—”
“I mean it’s time to back your talk with
some facts,” Bannister said gruffly. “You
word’s no better’n the next man’s here in
Triangle, Gentry. Bluff and blow cuts no
ice with me.

   “The bunch that looked over the Six
Pole ford did find some signs of skirmish.
There was spent shells, a spot of blood,
and Cordill ain’t been seen since he head-
ed out yonderly. Since it’s one of my
hands accused I’ll trouble you for the
plain story, mister.”

   So that had been Vic Barth’s sly dodge?
Doubling back, hiding Cordill’s body—
it was a cleverness Cass should have fore-
seen. By that one little stunt the deputy
had reduced the bushwhacking incident
to a question of Cass Gentry’s evidence
against his own.

   Cass instantly saw the dangers of the
situation. “We was shot at from the
bank,” he said. “Costello’s boy can prove
that Cordill chased after us. His picture
tallies with what we saw of the man be-

/
hind the bushwhack gun. We shot ’im
down—”

  “You killed ’im?” Bannister demanded.
 “We left 'im for dead,” Cass said.
 “Looks like we might been mistaken,
 though, since he up and gone.”

  Bannister eyed him suspiciously.
 “Smells damn queer tjo me,” he said.
 “What’s this talk of Vic Barth bein’ in on
 it, robbin’ money from Tex? Vic says
 he’s never set eyes on you, and he ain’t
 seen Cordill for days.”

  “I reckon that’s for Barth and me to
 argue,” Cass said grimly. “I’ll attend that
 little matter right away.”

BANNISTER grunted. “There’s one
more thing, Gentry,” he said. “If you
got some notion of lockin’ horns with me
there’s no call to weasel-foot. This after-
noon you spoke a question to my boys
that a bunch of other damn’ fools been
mumblin’. I’ll answer it here and now.

  “There ain’t no Skunktrack mystery in
 the way I’ve held my losses down. It’s
 been done by spendin’ money, by hirin’
 extra hands and ridin’ double shifts. I
 ain’t been licked, Gentry, and I won’t be
 licked, so long as I still got stren’th to
 fight. We got plans laid—”

   “Easy Abe!” Frank Irish called out. “I
 suggest we finish this in Venable’s office.”
 “I’ll hold my tongue,” the burly rancher
 growled. “It’s a sign what Triangle’s
 come to when a honest man can’t speak
 his mind unless behind locked doors. It’s
 a fine fix when the law lies drunk and
 thieves rob us blind. To hell with Tri-
 angle, I say. When we’ve cleaned out the
 Devil’s Pocket we’ll ride back here and
 finish the job!”

   Frank Irish had sidled around the table
 to grip his arm. Men had come cluster-
 ing from the reaches of the silenced room
 to listen. Perhaps Abel Bannister realized
 that his anger had led him to crow too
 loud, for he permitted the little banker
 to push him aside. ©

  “Come along here, Gentry,” Irish di-
 rected. “Let’s use what heads we got on
 our shoulders. Yonder’s the office.”

  In the narrow rear room they faced
 each other, briefly silent. Abel Bannister
 ' stood near the desk, fists on hips. Cass
 lounged in the angle near the window.
 White-tufted Frank Irish peered at them
 with his monkey’s half-grin.

   “I seem to be the middle-man,” he said.
 “Let’s see what profit I can shave out of
 bringin’ you two together. You asked
 some questions concernin’ Abe today,
 Gentry. Now’s your chance to git the
 straight of ’em.”

  “I know what talk’s been passed
 around,” Bannister said. “Plenty fingers
 pointed to'rds me when Matt McHale was
 rubbed out, and it’s a fact I had no cause
 to love ’im like a brother. His Rocker
 was as good a layout as mine—some ways
 better, mebbe—and any cattleman would
 like to own it.

  “I never had no idea, though, that my
 legs spread wide enough to straddle both
 propositions. If I did have, it was knocked
 plumb out of me by them storms last fall.
 It may be that the Snaketrack wasn’t hit
 as hard as some, but we was hurt a-plen-
 ty.”

   “I’ve seen the books Abe keeps,” Frank
 Irish said, “and that’s the gospel.”

   “I never did have cash enough to swing
 both irons,” said Bannister. “I’m spread
 out too thin right now, and unless the
 market stays high my next shipments
 won’t hardly cover the money I’ve had
 to borrow. There’s no profit in ranchin’
 this country the way things stand, and
 there never will be until we clean that
 nest of thieves from the Pocket.”

  “You got any private notion who
 might’ve murdered McHale? ” Cass asked.

   “Private!” Bannister snorted. “Hell,
 man, any fool knows it was Ollie Shand!
 That yaller-headed ferret had his trap
 long baited for Matt, and nobody will tell
 me different. That boy’s more pure poison
 than old Milo ever was.

   “He’s got twenty men hid out in that
 badlands maze, and it’s a salty crew. For
 the last year, Gentry, them devils have
 been gettin’ rich while honest men eke
 out on their leavin’s.”

 <4 \ BE’S got good reason to feel like he
 -f*- does about Devil’s Pocket,” Irish
 said. “His youngest boy was in town that
 day before Christmas when Matt McHale
 collected his Vigilantes. Rex was feelin’
 his drinks, I guess, and rode along with
 the bunch. He was one of the three that
 wa^ shot in passiti’ through the Notch.
 He died later.”

   Bannister’s face hardened. “It was the
 kid’s bad luck,” he said harshly. “I did
 hold it hard against McHale for a while—
 lettin’ a boy of eighteen trail into a mess
 like that—but I got over it.

   “I’ll admit I never wept too hard when
 Matt was paid off. I didn’t lift a finger,
 either, when the Rocker’s tail was bein’
 twisted later. I’ve come to see, though,
 that we made a mistake. What happened
 to Matt’s girl was a sign of what would
 come down on the rest of us if we didn’t
 keep our horns sharp.”

   “Abe’s got his organization pretty well
 along,” said the little banker. “He’s hired
 on a bunch of fightin’ hands, and every
 day sees more of the smaller ranchers
 decide to throw in with him. He’ll be all
 fixed, shortly, to smoke out Ollie Shand
 and straighten out the problems of the
 county.”

   “I hear you, Mr. Foxy,” Bannister
 growled. “There may be a few snakes in
 town here we’ll need to tromp on later,
 and we’ll have to elect some honest law,
 but that Devil’s Pocket is the first sore
 to be fired. And there’ll never be a bet-
 ter time.”

   The queer sidelights of this Blue Hills
 mystery were shuffling again in Cass
 Gentry’s mind. He could not doubt Abel
 Bannister’s sincerity, and yet he remem-
 bered a similar sincerity in the voice of
 the stubble-chinned man who had hauled
 him from death in the Kettledrum roils.
 He moved his fingers to brush the lump
 in his pocket—the fold of a rattlesnake
 hatband—and his eyes were gravely
 thoughtful, gravely puzzled.

   “Well, there you are, Gentry,” Bannis-
 ter said. “I’ve spread my soogans out.
 That’s how I stand and what I aim to do.
 If your job is to hit back at the crowd
 that killed McHale and turned the Rocker
 belly-up, you’re welcome to join us. Or
 play it lone, mister, just as you choose.”
 “What’s your next move?” Cass asked.
 “I’m takin’ a few boys out to’rds the
 Valleys. They had some flurry at the LIG,
 and we’ll look the ground over as soon as
 it comes light. I don’t expect to find a
 thing, but it offers a chance to line up a
 few of the little stockmen that been jig-
 glin’ on the fence. I likewise intend to
 nose among that ragtag and bobtail bunch
 around Burnt Mills. Some think the
 Pocket outfit may have lookouts planted
 in there.”

   “I just come Dack from out that way,”
 Cass said, “But I left without any real
 chance to get acquainted. If it’s just the
 same, I might travel back along.

   “Suit yourself,” said Abel Bannister.
 ' “We’ll ride from here about an hour, say,
 before sun-up.”

 THEY rode out in velvet darkness that
 would gradually pale with blue and
 sooty gray into a clear, fresh-smelling
 dawn. There were six horsemen. Cass

Gentry rode in the van of them, beside
Abel Bannister’s stirrup.

  With dry clothes on his back, with a
catnap to rest him and a good meal under
his belt, Cass was ready to greet what the
morning offered. He had accepted the
rancher’s invitation on a spur-of-the-mo-
ment hunch, and the hunch seemed to
have more wisdom behind it the more he
he thought it over.

  He wanted to see the Rocker country.
He wanted a better chance to hear the
opinions of . these local men. Chiefly,
however, he was pleased with the idea of
getting out of Triangle Town before he
overplayed his hand.

  He had needed the meeting with Ban-
nister to jolt him out of the proddy mood
in which he entered the Wheel of For-
tune. The shock of that bullet which had
missed Mary Ellen’s head so close—not
to mention his own—had steamed him up
pretty high.

  He had been ready to suspect anybody
and everybody. He had read guilt into
Burdette’s passing glance, into the Brit-
isher’s casual remarks, into the mud that
splashed every bootheel. It would have
been the same, or more so, if fat Wash
Parsons or Deputy Vic Barth had shown
their ugly hides.

  And his instinct knew that the hour
was not ripe. The time for fist and bullet
was yet to come. He could not risk any
harebrained risks, for she was depending
on him.

  Six horsemen riding north from Tri-
angle Towm. ...

  The lights they left behind were scant
and weary. The Wheel of Fortune was
the sole remaining sentinel along Wam-
pum Street, and even there the night’s
carouse was staggering to its end. The
wheels were hooded and swampers were
piling the chairs. No more than a hand-
ful of diehards still watched the big-
stakes poker game.

  “Deadwood man’s the heavy loser,” a
bartender muttered to a yawning stick -
man. “ ’Is R’yle Henglish ’Ighness hit a
streak that pushed ’im ten thousand to
the good.”

  “Them that has is them that gets,” the
stickman grumbled. . . .

  At Farabaugh’s house a lone lamp
burned behind the window of the doctor’s
office. The bearded physician sat at his
desk, elbows planted wide, staring blank-
ly. Slowly his eyes lifted to the ceiling,
and a muscular spasm humped his shoul-
ders. His lips firmed, and abruptly he
resumed his former task.

  From the pigeonholes of the desk he
removed tattered sheafs of papers—let-
ters, accounts, bills, cuttings from medical
journals. Some he rearranged and re-
placed. Others were dumped in a waste-
basket.

  He used a key to open a small inner
compartment, producing a packet that
rubber bands pressed thin. The topmost
article was a worn bankbook in which
was recorded the account of George F.
Smith with the Federation Bank of
Omaha.

  Dr. Farabaugh fluttered the pages that
listed substantial and regular deposits
over a period of years, and his dark head
made a jerky nod of decision as he fitted
the bankbook packet into his pocket. . . .

AND there were lights across town, on
Division Street. A low-turned wick
sputtered in the upstairs room of Mrs.
Rambo’s gray house where the sick girl
slept. A moving light descended the stair-
case there and halted at the curtained
doorway of the bay-window parlor.

  Madame Mustache was dressed in a
silken black robe, and curl-papers
twigged the pile of her hair. She held
her lamp at shoulder height to illumine
the hunched shape on the floor. The
crash of a bricabrac stand had hurried
her below.

  “What are you doing? What do you
want? Get back in your chair and sleep
it off, you fool!”

  Costello, the drunken Duke, crawling
the rug on hands and knees, turned on
his hip and propped himself with a shiv-
ering arm. He looked up emptily.

  “Drink,” he said. “Li’l dram—good f’r
beast an’ good f’r man. Po’try.” He
chuckled, and his voice gained momen-
tary distinctness: “Empyrean font,” he
said. “The rich, the^blushful Hippocrene.
... I beg your pardon, Lady of Shad-
ows. Most grateful for your hosh—your
hospitality.”

  “It was on the kid’s account,” the wom-
an said, “that I sheltered you from the
rain. For all I care, you could sleep in
the gutter-muck you root in, or six feet
under it. You can’t stand on your feet,
Costello. There’s no place open now to
serve you whisky, even if you had
money to pay. Get back in your chair.”
“I’ll get money,” he said. “My frien’
—he’ll buy a drink. My good frien’.”
“Who’s your friend, Costello?” she said
sharply. “Who gives you the steady
handouts? Who keeps you drunk?”

  He was a shabby mud-caked scare-
crow, lying there. He was sickly thin, and
the skin of his unshaven face was skele-
ton-stretched across the bones. Hair
ringed down over his forehead, and his
sunken grin gave him an idiot’s look.
There was a knowing glint, however, in
the bloodshot eyes that rolled up at her.

  “Oh, no,” he said slyly. “My client—
profesh’nal confidence—lawyer never
tells. Thass what I’m paid for—secret.
Life ’n death. Means big money—thou-
sand—if I work it right.” ,

  “Wait,” she said softly. “I’ve got a bot-
tle. I’ll brink a drink.”

  “Drink,” he muttered. “You’re my
frien’, too—my boy's frien’. Thass why
I’m doin’ this—a stake f’r my boy. Five
thousan’ I want f’r the Young ’Un. Let
’em kill me then an’ I won’t care. They’d
killed me long ago if they didn’t b’lieve”
—he chuckled— “that I wrote down what
I still don’ know.”

He sat up, pawing a hand across his
face. “Big money f’r what they think I
know,” he said, “and all I really know—”
He peered at her owlishly. “Drink—a
li’l dram—?

AND there was one more light, briefly
flaring, that Cass Gentry left behind
in Triangle Town. It was- the flame of a
match in the hand of Vic Barth. He
touched it to his cigarette, and the glow
painted his features harshly in brights
and shadows. Then darkness again. Vic
Barth moved on toward the Spur Cor-
rals.

  “Go home, damn you,” he said to the
bulky blot that trailed at his shoulder.
“Crawl into the hay and whine to your-
self. Pull the covers to hide your head.”
“But listen, Vic!” Wash Parsons
wheezed. “I on’y want to know where we
stand. I got a right—”

  The deputy bumped him. Vic Barth’s
hand clamped on the fat of his compan-
ion’s shoulder, and his quick thrust stag-
gered the heavier man. Barth’s voice was
thick with anger.

  “You got a right to git that blubber-
mouth shut with a bullet,” he rasped.
“What damn good are you, anyhow? If it
hadn’t been for you goin’ off half-cocked
with Te* Cordill—”

“But I’m in it as deep as anybody, Vic.
I ought to know what’s goin’ on. What’s
to be done about Gentry. How will we—”
“We’ll’'do what we’re told,” said Barth.
36

“It’s all been figgered out. We’ll handle
Gentry when we’re ready. There’s a little
scheme to settle ’im when he rides back
to town.”

  “Yeah, but about the other things. I
got to have money, I tell you. Did you
tell ’im what I said? It’ll take another
thousand—”

. “Now just exactly what,” said Vic
Barth slowly, “have you got itchin’ up
your sleeve? What’s been bitin’ you
lately that you need money so bad?
There wouldn’t be another little some-
thin’, would there, that you was hidin’.
out on the boss and me?”

  “No, no, Vic. It’s that bunch at the
Mills, just like I said. “They claim that
extra work should bring in extra wages.
I had a wrangle with Childress today,
and I just can’t keep stallin’ ’im.”

  “I’ll look into it,” said the deputy. “I
may be ridin’ out that way. The thing
is, Wash, that we might be able to clean
this whole slate up within a week or so.
The tide’s runnin’ strong, as you know.
If two-three little angles work around,
why we might not need a tough crowd
there no longer.”

  He flipped his cigarette away. “Go on
to bed,” he said. “Sit tight, you fool, and
keep your nose clean. If you had a brain
in that fat skull you’d see what a edge
you’re on. You’re another ’un, Wash,
who could mighty easy be done without.
It’s a point you’d be smart to remem-
ber. ...”

 So much the wan lights saw and the
darkness heard in that dim hour at the
end of night when Cass Gentry rode, one
of six, from Triangle Town.

CHAPTER XIX

NO OWLS HOOT HERE

THEY reached their destination in the
brightening dawn, and the smell of
coffee greeted them. Plenty of talk would
follow, but as Abel Bannister had fore-
told, there was little actual evidence to
be uncovered at the LIG that morning.

  As a matter of fact, Cass thought, there
was scant desire for proof. From the
general talk, every cattleman in the Val-
leys was fully convinced that the raiders
came from the Devil’s Pocket. The
search collected a batch of rifle shells
and revolver casings, all of ordinary
make and general usage. Mudded trail-
signs indicated that the foiled rustlers
had bunched and headed westerly, cutting
a beeline for the malpais roughs.

  “Except for Ollie’s crew,” one puncher
said, “I don’t know a man who wouldn’t
lose himself or break his neck in that
country after nightfall.” This verdict met
with full agreement.

  Cass had duly explained to Bannister
the incidents that led to the shooting of
the roan, and had recovered his cached
equipment. The LIG would cart his extra
gear in the next wagon they sent to town.
Once again, however, as with Dr. Fara-
baugh, he had concealed his finding of
the snake-banded hat. The investigation
of Gopher Face, Cass had decided, could
best be started through Mr. Wash Par-
sons.

  The morning passed uneventfully. Abel
Bannister spent most «cf his time in
private session with the owners of near-
by spreads, and the result of these con-
ferences was -soon common property.
Cass learned, by keeping his ears open,
that the vigilantes expected to ride a
hundred strong when they set forth. Sub-
leaders had been named, and gathering
places were discussed.

  It was said that Bannister expected to
bribe information from certain members
of the Devil’s Pocket crew, and that he

planned some arrangement to guarantee
that the Pocket would never harbor
thieves again.

  It was quite a tall order, Cass thought,
as he bided his ease on the LIG porch
and waited the dinner-call.

  The Shand system of rustling, as Cass
understood it, was to pounce down on a
small bunch, eight-ten-twelve head, and
snake ’em off fast and quiet. It was
supposed that the rustlers had halfway
depots where they held the stuff by day.

  Under the cover of the following night
they would drive by ambushed trails to
the honeycombed inner valley that could
only be reached through a sheer defile,
called the Devil’s Notch or Gap. The
valley was a holding ground where the
brands could be altered or botched.

  No one could say for certain how the
Shands disposed of their beef, though
it was presumed they had connections
with brand owners on the other side of
the malpais who were not too proud To
sniff at a bargain.

  It must have been an excellent system.
It had been in operation for ten years or
more, and old Milo Shand had always
been careful to space out his raids and
to split his thefts among the various irons.
Most ranchers had agreed that it was
cheaper to stand the losses than to try
to outwit and outfight Milo, and he might
have gone on forever if Matt McHale
hadn’t grabbed the bit in his teeth.

  Ollie Shand—or so it seemed—was
working the same dodge on a much en-
larged scale. Where Milo’s crew had
never topped/five or six, the estimates of
Ollie’s bunch were variously totaled as
high as thirty. It was said that he had
sent his parties into three scattered sec-
tions in a single night. The Rocker had
lost as many as two hundred head in one
gobble.	f

  So Cass heard, and much more, in the
course of an idle morning.

WHEN he had eaten and said his
thanks, he spoke briefly with Ban-
nister. The Snaketrack boss had an-
nounced he would ride toward Burnt
Mills very shortly, and named a ren-
dezvous. Cass went on ahead, intending
to swing on a pasear that would give him
a clearer picture of what had been the
Rocker layout.

  From Bearpaw’s map, and from the
amount of talk he had heard, he had a
good rough outline of the Six Valleys. A
birdseye view would have shown them
in the semblance of a big gnarled extra-
fingered hand. The palm was a broken
plateau from which the valleys pronged
toward the humpbacked rise of far hills
and the hazy loom of the badlands peaks
beyond. It was a wild-spread section, but
Cass had already begun to see its pos-
sibilities.

  The Rocker had grazed the middle
valleys, three of them, and the home
plant stood on a rise of plain that could
have been likened to the hand’s knuckle-
ridge. Summer range at the front door,
Cass thought, and the winter larder
stretched behind. He rode close enough
to mark the greener squares of last year’s
feed fields, and the sprawl of barns and
sheds and corrals and holding-pens be-
yond the low-lying main hou^e.

  Skeleton ranch—the boneyard of Matt
McHale’s ambitions.

  With the sun shining brightly down,
the writs and the legal attachments and
the sight-bills and the loans past due
didn’t show their plasterings. Yet they
were there, and the Rocker would sink
beneath the weight of them into the same
mud-hole that was swallowing many an-
ot1 ;r livestock enterprise.

  Changing days, Frank Irish had pro-
nounced. The sands were running out
for the free-range cattle kings.

  And he was probably right, for all Cass
knew. New tidies, new notions. In an-
other ten years this whole wild country
in here might be combed and tamed.
Posts and wire and plow-patches, and the
smoke of chimneys rising through the
hills. And if that was the shape of to-
morrow, then it might be just as well
that old Matthew McHale didn’t live to
see it.

  One thing certain: he was killed just
in time to save him a lot of grief and
disappointment.

  It would have galled him to see his
Rocker as it stood, all tied around with
the law’s red tape, shuttered and un-
stocked, waiting for the final ax to fall.
He wouldn’t have savvied, any more than
Cass did, how the busy little kingdom he
had fought so hard to build could collapse
so quickly and utterly.

  He would still be trying to fight the
law that had sold off the tag of his herds,
his horse strings, and had installed a
court-appointed stranger in his house to
hold his other belongings safe until the
rightful buzzards snatched them.

  Sixty cents on the dollar, as Eli Lom-
bard said. And what’s land worth .when
it’s bordered around by hell?

CASS shook up the big-headed chest-
rut, swinging toward the east along
a hogback ridge. His eyes were grimly
thoughtful and the rattlesnake band
rubbed his hip with every saddle jounce.
The nesters had scattered throughout the
back valleys, but Cass had no desire to
see how their three-strand wire had
hacked old Matthew’s erstwhile ranges.

  He belonged to the old order, too, and
wouldn’t like seeing that.

  He would take the accepted word for
it that they had unloaded helter-skelter,
and with the granger’s usual boneheaded-
ness had picked the unlikeliest sections
for any sensible crops. More important
now was the unofficial headquarters these
new-come pilgrims had established.

  He headed that way; that was what he
had come to see.

  Burnt Mills lay in the northmost valley,
the smallest and roughest of the six,
jutting like a crooked thumb, and Cass
increased his watchfulness as he neared
the vicinity. He had no expectation of
danger, no inkling of what might be
found ahead, but as he approached the
broken land at the end of the plateau,
turning to skirt a spit of timber that
angled down to the traveled trail, his
vigilance was rewarded.

  Near the top slope of the ridge beyond
the timber he glimpsed a moving sparkle.
It was a flick of light, a glitter-gleam, and
it came again as he stared.

  In the nick of time Cass arrested the
dart of his hands toward carbine. He
kept the chestnut in the same leisurely
pace. The glint, he was certain, was the
reflection of sun from the spyglass of a
sentinel outpost.

  He was not overly surprised. It made
him a little more eager, though, to see
just what brand of nesters it was who
stationed lookouts on the heights above
their nesting place.

^5 was waiting for Abel Bannister,
shortly later, when the Snaketrack
boss and his trailing riders arrived at the
joint of roads near the last valley mouth.
Bottles had been passing around at the
LIG, and a couple of the boys were feel-
ing frisky. There was joking and laugh-
ing as the cavalcade moved on.

  Their boss was sober and determined,
but willing to talk.

  “It’s a smart ride home,” Bannister

I

said, “and I don’t expect to waste much
time in here. I’ll just leave word with
Axton for these hoe-hands to keep their
ears pulled in. It’ll be dangerous travel-
in’ by night around these parts durin’
this next week or so.”

  “You get things fixed?” Cass asked.
Bannister grinned widely. His deep-
set eyes were weary but the wag of his
head was vigorous and well-satisfied.
“You’re doggone tootin’. I don’t mind
tellin’ you, Gentry, that my deal’s all
set to pop. There’ll be guns enough, and
to spare, when I pass the word to ride.
And that word might pass a damn’ sight
sooner than some are expectin’.” .

  “I reckon it might,” said Cass. “I hear
you’re ho man to hem and haw.”

  “No!” said Bannister, and he slapped
his hand against the hang of his holster.
He was obviously pleased; Cass Gentry
had said exactly the right thing and was
well aware of it.

  The valley road was well-traveled,
heavily wheel-rutted, though there were
no signs of any considerable movement
since the rain. They rode half a mile be-
tween slopes that gradually bulged. The
brush-choked ridges were knobby with
gray rock, and at one place the road made
a fresh bulge to round the slide at the
base of a jag-faced fault. There was good
green growth on the valley floor, but to
Cass the soil looked to run mighty thin.

  “Where these testers mostly from?” he
asked.

  “Ever’where,” said Bannister. “They’re
just the usual no-account run. I’ve seen
their setups there beyond the Rocker,
and I’ll g’arantee not one’ll last next win-
ter. They ain’t built for it.”

  “As the ordinary thing,” said Cass, “the
homestead folks I’ve seen run bunch-
like. A big family, say, will fettle rela-
tives in together. Or else it’s all Swedes
or Yankees that set out in a common
crowd.”

  Bannister shook his head. “Not here,
they ain’t. These are mongrel-mixed.
They got acquainted after they’d moved
in, and they clan at the Mills for com-
pany. This hound-face feller Axton set
up a store to handle their trade, though
from their looks there’s none of ’em flush
with money.”

  “Axton?” Cass frowned. “He wouldn’t
be—no, it might be another by the same
name. These men bring their families?”
“Three-four got their women, but
they mainly stood the cold alone. You’ll
see for yourself when we round the spur
there.”

  They passed the shaggy spur and Cass
saw th'e settlement of Burnt Mills—the
high-porched store, the five rawboned
shacks, the jumble of sheds in a bluff-
backed clearing. A brook ran in the
rocky bed of what once had been a larger
stream, and at the edge of it was a
pasture lot where a few thick-bodied
horses grazed.

BURNT MILLS was placid, dozing in
quiet. Not even a yapping dog came
forth to hail the coming riders. Two men
sat on the store steps, but they might
have been wooden figures. They watched
the approach with careful disregard, with
lazy indifference.

  One of them was the speckled, buck-
toothed rider who had met Wash Parsons
yesterday at Squawman’s Knob, the
gopher-whiskered jigaroo whose identity
was on the tip of Cass Gentry’s tongue
if he could only speak it. A battered
black hat slanted down on one eye—a hat
that sported a rattlesnake band spliced
by a flat stud of silver!

  This was the first surprise. It raised
considerable questions about the similar
hat Cass had shot from a night-raider’s

head, and the similar hatband now in his
pocket.

  The second man had been pithily de-
scribed by Abel Bannister. He had a
hound’s baggy eyes and a hound’s long-
nosed solemnity. Cass recognized him
instantly.

  He recognized them both as one of the
Snaketrack : iders spoke to another: “Sad
one’s Axton who runs the place,” the
puncher said. “Other ’un’s named Buck
Childress.”

  Childress! That was the name, and it
was also the second surprise. It was
even something of a shock to see what a
sharp resemblance this fellow bore to a
dead man. Tom Childress had regular
teeth and an ordinary complexion, but it
was plain to see—once you thought of it
—that Buck was Tom’s brother.

  And Tom . . .

   It was almost two years now since Cass
Gentry had tracked Tom Childress down
and killed him.

CHAPTER XX

RATTLER ON THE BAR

A WOMAN appeared in the store en-
trance. She struck a pose, elbow
propped against the door-jamb and hand
on hip, and watched them dismount. Her
flax-bright hair, thickly fluffed, trailed
to shoulder-length. She was dressed in
sleazy black that smoothed a gloss upon
her bold hip, that modeled her thigh, that
notched a deep vee below her pale throat.

  “Queenie,” the knowing puncher mut-
tered, and some of the others chuckled.
One rider gave a soft, expressive whistle.

   Abel Bannister strode toward the steps.
“Hidee, Axton,” he hailed. “You’ll recall
me, I reckon.”

   “Why, surely,” said the sad-faced man.
“How-do, Mr. Bannister. What can we do
you for today?”

  “I’ll stand the boys a snort of your
whisky first off,” Bannister said. “We
just stopped by to let a little bird sing.”
“Well, walk right in, gents,” said Axton
rising. Cass thought he could detect a
note of relief in the voice, and that the
ugliness in the face of Buck Childress
was suddenly relaxed. The woman in the
doorway turned on a red-lipped smile,
lifting both hands to push the spill of
her hair as she stepped aside.

  “Come on, Gentry,” Bannister called
from the top of the steps. “This is on
me.”

   Cass could see no effect that the pro-
nouncement of his name produced. The
lank Buck Childress had turned his back
to enter with the others, and Axton’s
sidelong glance was expressionless. Had
they already been informed that he was
dne of the party? Had Cass Gentry’s ar-
rival been expected here?

   Well, that would come out later. There
would be a time for that.

   “I’ll first treat my long-headed friend
to a drink,” Cass said, slapping the chest-
nut’s haunch. “I’ll step inside directly.”
He led the horse toward the brook,
ignoring the pump-trough nearby. There
were several details he had noted—items
which bred suspicion in him. That puddle
which fronted the hitchrack, for instance,
might have been standing since last
night’s rains.

  From the looks of th'e nearby ground,
however, Cass would be willing to bet it
had been formed by water fresh-doused
to wipe out recent hoof-prints. That
move of the girl in the door, pushing
back her hair, had spelled signal if Cass
ever saw one.

  He was positive that Burnt Mills had
been geared to handle trouble. Ths spy-
glass lookout on the upper ridge had

S7
been posted for a purpose, and doubtless
there were hideout men in nearby cover.

  Buck Childress, knowing his hat would
be found on the scene of last night’s raid,.
had adopted the simple defense of band-
ing another hat in identical fashion.
Sitting on the steps with Axton, he had
been prepared to face accusation. Their
surprise at Bannister’s mild approach had
been obvious.

  So much Cass knew. He could point
out, moreover, that Axton, the ill-dressed
backwoods storekeeper had been known
as Preacher Axton, card-sharp and con-
fidence-man, in the boom towns west,
and that Buck Childress had been on the
way to building up as snaky a reputation
as his younger brother. But would Cass
Gentry’s unsupported word convince
hard-headed Abel Bannister?

  He doubted it.

  The chestnut sniffed the brook and
shook his heavy head, but Cass held him
there while he stored up minor obser-
vations. One of these was the sight of a
red-headed man at the window of an
outlying shack, a stranger’s flat-nosed
face that bobbed up briefly. Another was
the long shed where the horse droppings
were fresh and plentiful. There were also
certain indications of travel along the
rubbled bed of the brook that deserved
more thorough investigation.

  Cass led the chestnut to the rack and
entered the store.

TT was more saloon than store. Along

  one wall were shelves of supplies,
piled sacks and stacked boxes, but the
main space was bare. Crudely-nailed
chairs were set around the few rough
tables that fronted the slab-faced bar. It
seemed to Cass that this bar-counter ran
extra long, and that the stock of whiskey
barrels was large for the usual out-coun-
try trade.

  There were no other customers. The
flaxen-haired woman was behind the bar,
rolling her eyes at the punchers. She
drew spigot-whisky into a tin cup and
set it out for Cass.

  “Drink hearty,” Abel Bannister said.
“This squirrel-juice’ll raw your throat
but it won’t kill you. Drink ’er down,
boys.”

  The woman joined them. When she put
down her empty cup, she glanced at
Cass squarely for the first time. Her ,
eyes were hard, bold reckless, and Cass
saw that she had polished off more than
one drink today. She was the bright-
haired woman Dr. Farabaugh had men-
tioned, jio question of it. A man had
risked his life to fight for her, had died
for her.

   “Don’t you like the taste of pur whisky,
mister?” she asked. “Ain’t it good
enough, huh?”

   “No,” he said, not looking at her. “It’s
plenty good for me, sister.”

  He stood beside Abel Bannister. Axton
hugged the counter on the other side
of the Snaketrack boss, handing out a
flow of oily talk. Buck Childress, at the
far end of the bar, had pointedly ignored
Cass since his entry.

  Bannister pushed his cup aside and
cleared his throat. “What I stopped for,
Axton,” he said, “was to hand out some
advice. Yoit can pass it on to the crowd
that uses around here. The main thing
is public notice that times has changed.”
The bull-necked rancher spoke with
harsh emphasis, frowning, and Cass had
to admire his dogged, square-fisted way.

  “Us ranchers ain’t fools,” Bannister
went on. “We know more’n likely, Axton,
that Ollie Shand’s got friends among the
nesters. There’s spies who notify the
Pocket crew when cattle’s been moved,
and where, and other suchlike.

  “I don't say these men ain’t been
planted unbeknownst, but I want the
warnin’ made plain to one and all. Any
skunk that rides with Shand is runnin’
his neck into a noose, and the rope is
likely to be pulled up short any next
minute!”

OLLIE SHAND was a bug in the ranch-
er’s brain, Cass thought. In the face
of absolute proof that Buck Childress
rode with last night’s raiders, and that
Wash Parsons tied in with it, too, Bannis-
ter would probably connect them with
the Devil’s Pocket.

  And not without reason, either, as Cass
admitted. Wash Parsons could be Shand’s
spy in Triangle Town. Childress could be
a cog in the badlands machine, for all
Cass knew. Cass had other ideas, but
proving them would be a man-sized
order.

  “A private reward’s been posted,” Ban-
nister said, “for information concernin’
the Pocket bunch or any side-riders.
Anybody who knows any facts—what
trails them sons use, what hideouts they
got, who "might be workin’ with ’em—
will be paid for same. Word can be left
at the LIG or the Pothook Ranch, We’ll
pay a hunnerd dollars for any piece of
news that’s worth it.”

  “I’ll surely shout that loud,” Preacher
Axton said. “Yessir, I sure—”

  “You tell ’em, too,” Bannister rumbled,
“that this whole Valleys section is dan-
gerous country after night, startin’ from
now and lastin’ till further orders. The
roads’ll be watched, and any man who
travels will need the password. Your
crowd would be best off to stick at home,
come dark. If they got to journey, let ’em
light up with a lantern. God help ’em if
they don’t!”

  He slapped the bar. “That’s what the
bird sings, Axton. Let’s have a last drink
here before we ride.”

  Cass Gentry’s minutes were running
short. If any move was to be made, now

was the time to start it. There was hidden
danger in this place, Cass knew, but Ban-
nister was a fighting man and his hands
drew fighting wages. It was time for
dynamite.

THE woman was serving the Snake-
track hands. Axton was droning a
monol6gue to Abel Bannister, and Buck
Childress stood lonely beyond. Cass
leaned his hand on the bar, staring down
at Childress as if he had suddenly recog-
nized some familiarity. His words, how-
ever, were addressed to Axton:

  “Big pljice you got here, mister. Mighty
big place to be so out-of-way.”

  “Why, yes—yes.” Axton grinned crook-
edly. “I’ll need the space, though, when
this country settles and business picks

up.”

  Abel Bannister chuckled.

  “What kind of business you chiefly
do?” Cass asked. “From the looks of your
store-sheds and dump and what boxes I
can see, your biggest stock is barb wire
and ammunition and whisky. Where’s
your plant seed and granger tools?”
“Freight travels slow into here,” said
Axton. “I stock as needed, and there’s
other stuff on the way. I sell what my
customers want, mister. It ain’t for me
to ask how these homesteaders aim to
profit. They may expect to live off their
crops, or to hold their sections for natural
increase in value.”

  It was a clever admission. Preacher
Axton was a smooth one, and he had
prepared himself with all the answers.

  “There was talk of that latter, yes,”
said Bannister, “It’s their legal right if
they choose so. Some buzzards expected,
I suppose, that the new Rocker owner
might buy ’em out.” He grunted ex-
plosively. “I don’t see what you’re drivin’
at, Gentry.”

  “I meant,” said Cass, “that this layout
don’t look right to me. I don’t like the
smell of it, nor of some I see around. I
got a curiosity to know what trails lead
out of here, and where they push, and
what travel-tracks they’d show.

  “How many of these nesters ride saddle
horses? I saw fresh sign of quite a bunch
out near that long shed. From the looks
of that pasture, with its few poor work-
plugs, it would^look that a string of
twenty-thirty commonly grazed there.
How about it, Axton?”

  The air had grown tense.

  “We did have a extra-big night at the
place last night,” Axton said. “There was
quite a few here. Is that all you’d like to
know, mister? Was there anything else
you found?”

  “Yes,” said Cass harshly. “I found
this. Explain it to me, Axton—you or
one of your friends.

  He tossed the rattler hatband on the
bar and it wriggled snakelike, unfolding.

(To be continued next week)

Z—m[DWAY—mm

FOR FAST, SMOOTH, ECONOMICAL SHAVES

38
By R. W. Daly

Author of ‘'Crowd SailJ

FitzPatrick's right fist traveled in
a short arc, chopped against Car-
ruthers' chin; and Carruthers
crashed to the ground

  A Soldier Too Long

r[E heavy blue uniform cloth clung to
his damp body. His thin brown lash-
es were unable to hold back the sweat
that welled from the flushed, fair skin
beneath the shading brim of his cam-
paign hat; and his eyes stung with salty
moisture.

 Dust churned up from his horse’s
hooves and blackened his nostrils and
throat. He was thirsty. His insteps
throbbed where the soles of his boots
curved about the iron stirrups of his
saddle. He wished he could ride barefoot.

 Coppery beeches overhead kept most
of the golden sunlight from blistering
down on him, but the leaves also stopped
any breeze from moving the masses of
hot, torpid air in the forest.

  If the map was correct, there’d be a
stream ahead and he could soak his feet
and soothe the irritation of bis throat.
After the stream, there was a plantation.

  His wide, lean body bobbed easily, ef-
fortlessly with the swelling muscles of
the horse’s broad back beneath his thighs.
His relaxed seat in the saddle was a com-
bination of skill and abstraction.

 He was wondering why he had ever
joined the cavalry. Volunteer cavalry, at
that. Resentfully, he felt someone should
have warned him.

  The infantry, now—there was the life.
Nothing to do but walk around and wait

It happened in the War between
the States, but it still holds good:
a week’s campaigning can teach
a soldier things about men—in-
cluding himself—that never got
into the Manual

for battles. The infantry didn’t have to
ride far out on the flanks of the army
and scour through the pregnant peace of
a hostile countryside.

 He had looked forward to war and now
he had had four years of it. The time had
passed too quickly for him to think. He
was a man after six months, and he still
didn’t know how he stood in a man’s
world. Some day, when he wasn’t harried
by the problems of command, he’d find
out.

 He’d spent years reading about Hanni-
bal, Alexander, Marlborough, Frederick,
Napoleon and Washington. All about
grand tactics. He laughed silently, bitter-
ly-

 There were lots of things they hadn’t
told him at the Point. Grand tactics!
They had ignored teaching him how to
keep scouts from falling into ambushes,

how to find food when there wasn’t any,
how to keep a column of men and horses
from soaking to death in a hissing rain.

  He had found out those and a million
other bits of knowledge by himself, and
the finding had kept him from thinking
about anything else.

  He had learned how to maneuver divi-
sions; so they had taken him out of school
and given him a squadron, which re-
quired that he forget his training as a
potential general in order to cope with
the practical difficulties of his limited
sphere.

  He, who had understood strategy in
preliminaries and phases, was forced to
discard this faculty, to sublimate it in
the far more important business of meta-
morphosing scribbled words from the
colonel’s pen into actuality.

  The war, to him, had to be exactly
where his squadron was. From the
theoretical man he had shrunk to the.
practical man. Dimly, he perceived that
it was a pity.

BESIDE him, on his right, rode his sen-
ior captain. Carruthers was an aver-
age man in size, intelligence, and expe-
rience. He wore long, drooping mus-
taches.

  “Well, Major,” Carruthers said heavily,
failing to conceal a certain nervousness

39
which he shared with the extended file
of riders stolidly jogging behind them.
“I don’t see any signs of Paget. Must
have been false information.”

  He spoke as if he would will his wish
into reality. He’d feel a lot more com-
fortable if Paget’s guerrillas weren’t
lurking in the slumbering Georgia woods.

  The major looked at him, and, being
young in years, was unable for a moment
to hide his thoughts. Carruthers flushed
and looked away.

  “We’re not concerned with individuals.
Captain, but with the enemy. 'There is
no such thing as information in our case;
we’re finding it, not taking it.”

  After the one little betrayal of con-
tempt in his eyes he had mastered him-
self again. He mustn’t let Carruthers
know how he felt about him; bad for dis-
cipline.

  The regiment was composed of militia.
The major was the only regular army of-
ficer in the outfit, the only professional
soldier. Carruthers was a volunteer.
Joining as a private, he had risen to cap-
tain with a rapidity that indicated either
military skill or politics.

  He had been a lawyer in civil life.
Plunged violently into the boiling hell of
war, his civilian nature was encrusted
with a hard, ruthless brutality. In uni-
form, he found a sanction for a lust to
kill.

  At Antietam, he had slain his first man,
an elderly Alabama colonel whose desire
to wield a heavy saber had been greater
than his physical strength. Carruthers
remembered the exultant moment when
his blade, swinging in a vicious, madden-
ed circle, chopped aside his adversary’s
feebly opposing steel and sank its keen
edge into a pulsing, corpulent1 neck, that
gouted a fountain of crimson from its
depths.

  And the young trooper who had rushed
up in a vain effort to save his comman-
der, only to receive from the vigilant vic-
tor a sudden, ripping thrust that bulged
his viscera out upon the saddle.

  He had come through that charge un-
scathed. And many other charges, He
wondered how he had stood his dull' life
before the war, which had started as a
vacation, and imperceptibly became an
end, a reason for existing.

  And that was where he differed from
the major.

  The major persisted in his attempts to
detach his perspective from its depend-
ence upon its immediate viewpoint that
he might see the maneuvers of his army
as directed toward its proper end—the
destruction of the opposing army.

  Starting from this detachment, he went
further and took the war itself in its
character as a necessary evil: an evil
which was necessary to preserve the good
that was the federal government of the
States. Only on that basis could the major
justify his participation in the fratricide.

  To him, Carruthers was bestially im-
moral. Therefore he maintained a cool
attitude toward the ex-lawyer and his
overtures for the favor of his “Pointer”
superior.

HE strained his eyes to probe into a
clump of bushes fifty feet ahead. He
thought he had seen something move that
shouldn’t have been there. His fingers
flew to his holstered Colts, smoothly drew
and fired it in the instant that a spout of
flame blew from the shrubs.

  He heard a sharp, familiar droning. A
man behind him cursed. The bushes
threshed and cracked and then were still.
Far beyond, his scouts wheeled and raced
back.

  “Halt!” he cried, raising his hand.
“Sergeant, dismount the first troop as

40

skirmishers.” His voice was crisp, cool.

   He watched a line of blue jackets sift
into the woods. The rest of the troops
waited in silence, carbines cocked. He
reloaded the chamber of his revolver.
There was a snapping of underbrush, as
if somebody was running, and a volley of
shots.

  He caught a gleam and glanced side-
ways at Carruthers, leaning tensely for-
ward, his saber resting on the pommel of
his saddle.

“Put that away,” the major said quiet-
ly. “There isn’t room to use it here.”

  Sulkily, the captain obeyed, drawing
his gun instead.

  The commander turned to see if any of
his men had been hurt. A trooper had
been shot through the chest, mutely giv-
ing his life for the Union. Stupefaction
and agony were in his glazing eyes.

  When the major looked forward again,
determination had put iron into his jaw.
Two hundred men pi ced the preserva-
tion of their lives in his hands, and he
must do his best.

  After a few minutes, the skirmishers
came back. They had a prisoner, a sandy-
haired, gaunt, defiant youth. His clothes
were ragged, rotten material torn by
clawing branches. A trouser leg was
stained with blood, and ripped up to the
hip to accommodate a rough bandage.
His face and body were emaciated.

  “There was another one, sir,” regret-
fully said the sergeant, a burly, sweat-
ing man, “but he got away.”

   The major returned the sergeant’s sal-
ute, and looked down into the bright,
steady, brown eyes of the captive.

  “Your regiment?”

  No answer.

  The major’s lips compresed. The
youngster wasn’t wearing anything that
resembled a uniform. Not even a belt
with C. S. A. on its buckle. He’d have
to reply to the questions.

  “You’re a Confederate soldier?”

   The prisoner’s head inclined slightly,
proudly acknowledging his allegiance. He
was distracted, openly studying the situ-
ation in which chance and a good shot
had placed him.

   “Then tell me the name of your corps,”
the major said patiently. He was tighten-
ing inside. An obscure closet of military
law opened in a corner of his mind and
tumbled ugly phrases about' franctireurs
and the punishment dealt them into the
consciousness of his mind.

   He tried to quiet the voice of tradition
by observing to himself that the fellow
was obviously a soldier and not a civil-
ian; but the voice had an answer to every
objection, triumphantly reminding him
that if the man was a soldier and out of
uniform, he was a spy.

   Still, unaccountably, unreasonably, he
rebelled against the obvious. He did not
wish to take the spark from the darting
eyes before him. He did not desire to be
a mere tool of antiquated usage. Why,
this man was just about his own age.

   “Are you attached to Paget’s brigade?”
he asked.

  The young fellow smiled. “Sorry, Ma-
jor,” he replied. His voice was soft, and
slurred the words.

  “That’s enough!” blurted Carruthers
hoarsely. “Hang him!”

  The major whimsically confused Car-
ruthers’ with the voice of doom. He ges-
tured to a sergeant to approach and take
the prisoner, who, at that movement,
wrested himself free from the grasp of
his captors, and twisted to run into the
woods.

   A pistol cracked. A round hole punched
into the back of his shirt. He faltered,
spinning halfway around.

Surprise, anger, accusation moved his

 features for a second until his legs puttily
 sagged and slid him forward onto the
 ground.

   A half smile distorted Carruthers’ lips.
“Almost got away,” he said cheerfully,
holstering his smoking revolver.

HTHE major stared at him. The stare
-*■ was much the same as that given by
the Confederate, with the addition of
authority.

  “Why did you kill him?”

  “He was escaping,” Carruthers replied
easily. His manner was pained and in-
jured. He had acted as he saw fit, accord-
ing to his lights and cultivated brutality.
A superior place in the engine of disci-
pline, a position where he dictated the
acts of other men, had not imbued him
with a sense of his own submission.

  The men, veterans, were shocked by
the needless slaying. The wounded pris-
oner could have as easily been shot in
the other leg as in the back.

  Angry as they were with the Reb for
the death of one of their own number,
they had a certain sympathy for them.
To them, the ultimate unit in the game,
Rebs were men like themselves and had
the same interest in trying to outlast the
war.

  “We won’t discuss it now,” said the
major, checking his passion in time to
remember that an officer must not be
publicly reprimanded. He’d discuss it
later—at a court martial. He’d break
Carruthers.

   He looked down at the motionless body.
He saw a youngster who should have
been devoting his thoughts to the culti-
vation of enough whiskers to attack with
a razor instead of skulking in an ambush
to snipe at invaders. Invaders, because
the major knew that his army was on
the aggressive, even if the aggression
was justifiable.

  The prisoner had been defending his
native soil; there was nothing cowardly
about that.

  “Forward!” he shouted.

  The column once again jogged along
the worn pathway. Carruthers fell back
beside the trumpeter. He was mystified
by the grimness in the faces of the men
at whom he chanced to look. They were
reflective, hating, resentful.

   “it was all right,” he muttered savagely
to himself. But the stem profile of the
major gave him cause to doubt that it
was all right.

  He began to think. One man had gotten
away from the skirmishers. Maybe he
had witnessed the shooting of his com-
panion. Maybe even now he had crawled
into another ambush from which he
might, avenge his comrade.

   A little gimlet of fear bored into the
bravado of Captain Carruthers. His
cheeks turned pasty beneath his rich,
limp, black mustaches. His smouldering
eyes narrowed. Any bush might hide a
rifle and a resolution of revenge.

   He began to feel conspicuous. The wide
red sword sash about his waist was an
excellent target. He wasn’t a small man.
A careful marksman would hardly miss.
A marksman who had lived in these
woods couldn’t miss.

   A sweat of fear mixed with that of heat
and bathed his body in its soggy serge.
He shuddered as with a chill. He longed
to get down off his horse and walk among
the trees, protected by their trunks.

  Only the mocking eyes of the major
kept him from ramming spurs into the
belly of his charger to plunge along the
path until he broke into the safety of a
clearing, where he could see what was
about him. He was shrinkingly aware of
the power of a bullet, against which the
heavy, rolling muscles of his torso were
defenseless. His whole body tightened.

  Despite his strength, his, saber, his
Colts, he was at the mercy of an ounce
of lead and a few grains of powder.

   It wasn’t right.

AFTER an hour of torture, the squad-
ron reached a stream; and by then,
Carruthers was ready to collapse.

  The major ordered a brief rest, taking
off his boots to keep his promise to him-
self. He sat on a rock, studying his map,
and dangled his feet in cooling, purling
water. The other officers took the time
to snatch something to eat.

  Carruthers splashed into the brook. He
stood in front of his preoccupied com-
mander, waiting for some, any comment.
They weren’t out of the woods yet; he
had the impression, a crawling of the skin,
that the squadron was carefully watched.

  The major didn’t speak, so he took the
initiative.

  “We must be close to the plantation,”
he remarked. He hoped they were. Or-
ders were for him to take half of the
command and proceed on a tangent back
to the army. He’d feel much safer near
the infantry and their alert pickets.

  The major didn’t glance up at once;
his feet were becoming comfortable, but
he had a mind which couldn’t enjoy the
present, spending the present in contem-
plating the future or regretting the past.

  He anticipated things. He had been
watching for the brook that he might
soothe his aching feet; and they had come
to the brook. Now he had to fasten his
mind on another distant object.

  He didn’t want to. He sensed vaguely
that the future was full of men like Car-
ruthers who took advantage of their
chances to be inhuman. The future was
charged with blood and suffering.

  He had heard, indeed could see, that
the general’s march to the sea would split
the Confederacy, already split in the
West, into two, allowing each half to be
doubled on and beaten in turn. The war
would be so much closer to the end. Those
grand men, Lee and Johnson, couldn’t
hold on much longer. It was impossible.

  But, he reflected, it had also been im-
possible two autumns ago. The war was
still going on. These men overcame diffi-
culties, impossibilities.

  He was very, very tired. Maybe some
day this would be over.

  “At the end of this raid, Captain, you
may consider yourself under arrest.”

  “He had killed one of our men.”

  “He was a prisoner.”

  Carruthers sneered as openly as he
dared. “You’re squeamish, sir.”

  “He was a prisoner,” the major repeat-
ed coldly.

  Carruthers went back to his horse.

  Refreshed, the squadron remounted and
jingled along their way.

  The woods began to thin. A scout came
back to report that a deserted group of
buildings was immediately ahead. The
major received the news quietly, de-
taching a troop as an advance guard.
They could not find a trace of the enemy.

THEY came to the edge of the woods.
Five hundred yards away, a large,
rambling, U-shaped house sprawled on
top of a slope. The style was old Colonial,
with a long portico.

  It had once been magnificent, but now
retained only the gentility of its designer
and inhabitants. Storm and wind and
rain had worked upon its boards and
paint, aging virgin white into weather-
beaten gray.

  It was silent, windows closed and
masked with lace.

  The patrolling squadron waited while
their lieutenant walked boldly up the

steps to the door and banged the knocker.
They watched the door open; saw the
lieutenant bow hesitantly and then dis-
appear into the yawning hallway. _ *

  “What the devil?” muttered the major,
eyes narrowing.

  The door opened again, a figure in blue
appeared and becked to the squadron that
it was all right to proceed, remaining in
the doorway, a glass in his hand.

  The major , was suspicious. “Carruth-
ers,” he said, “take over now, but wait
until I’ve reached that porch before you
head south toward the army.”

  “What’s wrong?”

  “That officer should rejoin his troop,”
the major explained, “even if he does like
mint juleps.”

  Seventy men clattered out of the woods
after him, cursing the intensified heat of
the sun in the clearing. The air shim-
mered. He loosed his saber in its scab-
bard and automatically swung his belt
so that his pistol was ready to hand.

  The mansion was too quiet, too inno-
cent, to be quiet and innocent. It was
excellently situated to be a fortress, a
trap, with long, unobstructed ranges on
all sides.

  With a wave of the hand, he ordered
his men to remain in their extended
double column rather than close up into
fours.

  -They came up to the idling advance
troop, a hundred feet from the house,
when it happened.

THE blue figure in the doorway threw
away the glass and shrilled the rebel
yell. Instantly, rifles poked from every
shutter. The side of the house was filmed
in white smoke.

  Yankee troopers tumbled fatly from
their saddles. A branding iron scorched
the major’s left shoulder. His arm dan-
gled uselessly.

  Having anticipated treachery, he was
prepared to meet it. There was only one
thing to do. They’d have to go through
Hell to get thjg close again. Nor could
he withdraw and subdue the house from
a distance: it would take too much time.

  “Draw arms!” he roared to his stricken
cavalrymen. “Charge!”

  His horse bounded across the short dis-
tance to the porch, pulling up sharply
at the breast-high planking. The major
stood in the stirrups and jumped over the
balustrade, losing his balance and meas-
uring his full length upon the pine
planks just as a second volley ripped from
the windows.

  He stumbled to his feet and dashed at
a round eye of steel. It erupted at his
waist; but he was able to deflect the bar-
rel with a sweep of his saber, and the
bullet shrieked past him.

  Then he was safe, flattened against the
peeling wall hard by a window. Feebly
gripping his gun in his left hand, he broke
the glass panes with his sword, and
hacked at the wooden framework.

  His men came up.

  Heavy Colts revolvers drove the de-
fenders from the windows. Sabers made
short work of flimsy glass and wood.

  The major mechanically shot a man
lunging at him with a bayonet as he
legged over a windowsill. He wondered
at the simplicity of taking life.

  A squeeze on a trigger, a slight kick in
the palm of a hand, and all that had gone
to make a man—life, family, friends, re-
ligion, education,—all vanished in the ac-
rid tang of burnt gunpowder, leaving
behind a graceless bulk devoid of all po-
tentialities save that of decomposition.

  Tonight, trying to sleep, he’d see that
spurt of flame and answering spurt of
blood.

  He stepped quickly over the sill into

the interior of the house. Parrying a
thrust with his sword, he coolly knocked
his assistant unconscious with a sharp
blow on the head from his pistol.

. His shoulder throbbed. He looked
around. The room, well furnished, was
brightened by oblique rays of sun light.

  A handful of shadowy figures fero-
sciously flung themselves upon the at-
tackers, but the blue jackets poured into
the house in overwhelming numbers as
Carruthers brought his demi-squadron
into action.

  “They’re too many, boys,” gasped a
voice. “We’re licked.”

  The fight was over as quickly as it had
begun. A dozen or so Confederates sul-
lenly dropped their weapons and suffered
themselves to be huddled into a group.

  The major looked at his prisoners, the
bodies on the carpet. He started to speak.
His heart stabbed convulsively, blackness
stealthily flowed through his brain, and
he quietly toppled onto his face.

HE FOUGHT his way back out of a
buzzing void. He opened his eyes.
He was on his back, staring up into a
blue, cloudy sky. He forced himself to
sit up, the movement almost sending him
back into the hazy reaches. His shoulder
was crudely bandaged, his tunic gone,
and his shirt ruined.

  “What’s going on?” he demanded
hoarsely, seeing men working over a fire.

  “Captain Carruthers ordered the house
burned, sir,” explained his sergeant.

  The major got to his feet. “How many
did we lose?” he asked softly. His ser-
geant told him. It wasn’t so bad, consid-
ering. Then he walked toward the pris-
oners.

  “What the devil!” he exclaimed, and
turned to his sergeant. A woman was in
the group. “Was she—”

  “Yes, sir. Right in the middle of
things.

  “Was she harmed?”

  The sergeant grinned. “She’s just mad,
sir.”

  Ignoring the men, he went over to the
woman. She was elderly, perhaps sixty.

  “I’m Major FitzPatrick,” he said polite-
ly. “Eleventh Ohio Cavalry.”

  She frigidly acknowledged the self-in-
troduction by raising her eyebrows. There
was a barrier between them that she
wouldn’t cross, not even at the expense
of courtesy.

He tried again. “Mrs. Stevenson?”
“Yes.” She spoke as though this bar-
barous Yankee would torture answers
from her if she refused to give them.
“I’m sorry, ma’am.”

  “Must you burn my house?” she asked
suddenly, after a moment of speculation
and compromise. She didn’t have to say
that it was all that remained to her. He
could judge that from the poverty of
flesh and color in her cheeks. He was
somehow proud of her pride and calm-
ness.

  Carruthers, coming up, overheard the
question: “You harbored rebels,” he said
roughly. “Take the consequences.”
FitzPatrick bit his lip. Many, many
troubles of the past few years stretched
taut and broke under a surge of emotion.

  He looked back over his experience,
seeing dead men everywhere; men strick-
en on battlefields, cut down in little, out-
of-the-way skirmishes, hung as spies.
Men, who had been Americans, killing
each other, because they disagreed in
political and social ideas.

  But they killed according to rules.
People fired from houses; well, then the
houses were burned.

  “Damn you, Carruthers,” he said, dis-
passionately, “get your men and clear out
of here.” He was amazed that he did not

41
smash his fist into that righteous face.

  Mrs. Stevenson was surprised, but
stoically awaited the outcome.

  Carruthers smiled. He suspected that
he had stumbled upon an advantage and
purposed to follow it to the hilt. “The
house must be burned,” he said. “That’s
law.”

  As beseechingly as her principles per-
mitted, Mrs. Stevenson stared at the
young officer who was befriending her.
Then' was no longer a barrier. She trust-
ed him. That angry look in his blue eyes
made him worthy of trust.

  She had sons: sons with Hood and Hill.
She understood men. So she perceived
that this tenseness wasn’t a personal an-
tagonism: the Yankee major was too fine
for pettiness; it went deeper than social
dislike.

  She was right.

  Carruthers was revealed to FitzPatrick
as the personification of the system that
legalized terror and cruelty. A system
with rules. Iron rules that couldn’t yield
to humanity because humanity was a
national prerogative—nationality, an ac-
cident of birth, was an accident important
enough to make a science and profession
of killing.

  And he was practicing that profession.

  FitzPatrick’s thoughts were far away
from a magnificent, aged mansion and a
magnificent, aged lady; yet curiously, he
was aware of what Carruthers had said.
The habits of years made him reply as a
commander preserving his authority.

  "I know the law, Captain. Your men
are waiting.”

FACING court martial, Carruthers
sought any opportunity to discredit
his superior. He sensed the major’s per-
turbation and determined to force the
issue.

  “You’re wounded, sir,” he said, with
elaborate courtesy. “If you don’t mind,
I’ll stay and—”

  “I do mind,” FitzPatrick interposed.
“Go to your command.”

  The men close by, Yanks and Rebs
alike, gravely witnessed the dispute. They
weren’t often spectators at an officers’
quarrel.

  Carruthers didn’t move.

  “I'm ordering you to go,” FitzPatrick
said, evenly. “Take the prisoners and
wounded.”

  “My duty is here,” Carruthers retorted.
“The house must be burned.”

  “You’re giving me no alternative, Mr.
Carruthers. Place yourself under Captain
Hardy’s orders. You’re relieved from
duty.”

  “What!”

  FitzPatrick ignored him, addressing his
sergeant. “My compliments to Captain
Hardy,” he said. “Please direct him that
I desire him to accept Captain Carruthers’
responsibility.”

  Outraged, Carruthers leaped forward,
clawing for his Colts. His jaw was slack.
His lips writhed with furious gibberish.
His gun cam^ into his hand. He meant
to kill.

  FitzPatrick measured the distance. His
right fist traveled in a short arc, chopped
against a stubbly chin. He put the re-
pression of years into the blow, wincing

with pain as his wounded shoulder pro-
tested the strain.

  Carruthers stopped in his tracks. A
smile flickered on his puzzled, relaxed
face. He slowly crashed to the ground.

  FitzPatrick was strangely serene. He
looked at his sergeant, who was semi-
delirious with approval. “Revive him,”
he said. He exulted with the exultation
of a galley slave when the chains are
riven from his ankles. Carruthers had
been a symbol, and he had crushed the
symbol.

  Then his satisfaction curdled. Captain
Hardy, a trim, efficient officer, came to
him and saluted.

  “I’m pleased to comply with your re-
quest, sir,” he said, formally, happy that
he had been distinguished by a superior
whom he admired. “Any further orders?”

FITZPATRICK felt a contraction of his
soul. He knew now how he stood
in the world. He couldn’t escape. The
acts of years bound him. The pride of his
family shackled him. He was left in the
midst of it, complete with all the trap-
pings.

  He was an officer and received the
deference due his rank; he was looked
up to as an authority, a cog who rotated
smaller cogs in their spheres. They
wouldn’t fail him; he couldn’t fail them.

  “Take the prisoners,” he said, quietly,
“and leave immediately.”

  “The lady, sir?”

  “No, Mr. Hardy. She remains.”

  Feeling rebuffed, Hardy stiffened, sa-
luted, and as quickly as possible took his
troops away toward the southeast, an
officer holding the dazed Carruthers seat-
ed upright.

  FitzPatrick watched them go, a poig-
nant, bitter canker gnawing at his spirit.
He couldn’t be free. He had been a sol-
dier too long. He had, too many times in
the course of duty, caused death. True,
he had been impersonal about it; but sud-
denly he saw that this detached manner
was as horrible as the impassioned fury
of Carruthers; both achieved the same
end, both destroyed.

  The horsemen disappeared into the
woods.

  Mrs. Stevenson passively waited for
him to speak. In her eyes he saw that she
knew much of what had been in his mind.
She smiled to give him strength and
courage in his resolution, if he had re-
solved to break.

  “I can’t,” he said, gently shaking his
head. “I’m in too deep. But I won’t burn
your house.” To Hell with the Colonel;
it was the least he could do.

  “Thank you,” she replied, graciously.
“I’m sorry.” He caught her meaning.
“Won’t you let me take care of your
shoulder?”

  He hesitated to accept her invitation.
Loitering in enemy territory was danger-
ous. Still, the men could use a rest, and
his shoulder did hurt. He called to his
remaining captain, who ran over to him.

  “Don’t unsaddle,” he directed. “Stand
to, ready to leave. This is rather exposed.
In case anything happens, gallop to the
woods.”

  “And you, sir?” asked the captain.

  “Don’t wait for me. I’m a fool to take

a risk like this; therefore, I’ll take the
consequences alone, if there are any.”

  He spoke convincingly, but didn’t mean
it. He wasn’t a fool for having been kind.
Remembering this lady would give him
something to continue on.

  He followed her into the mansion, past
the hallway where his lieutenant had
been knocked unconscious while a Reb
took his place. Through the living rooms
where they had fought. Back to a quiet
sitting room, where she made him wait
while she got some cloth and water.

  Alone, he began to think again.

  He was idly brooding over the view of
the ravished, barren fields, when she re-
turned. “How does it look in the spring?”
he asked absently.

  She smiled, and set to work on his
shoulder.

THEY didn’t speak because they didn’t
have to. He was at peace, not with
himself, but with the world. He could
never be at peace with himself. He had
done too much.

  But he felt clean: as clean as the cot-
ton with which she swabbed his purpling
wound. The army had him, but there was
now a part of him which it could never
have. It was his to .keep until he could
have the freedom to nurse it into vitality,
into a force which could carry him to the
end.

  It had almost been extinguished, but it
was still there, or he would have been
incapable of appreciating the charm of
these few moments.

  When she was done, she threw away
his shirt and helped him into a fresh,
whole one. He knew without asking that
it belonged to a son of hers. Gingerly
he put it on. She held out his bloody
tunic.

  He smiled suddenly.

  “After it’s over,” he said, “may I come
back?”

' She nodded, pulled down'his head, and
kissed his forehead.

  He gently disengaged himself, and went
back through the empty house.

  Suddenly he heard firing, and in the
instant realized what had happened. That
ambusher who had escaped— he had
reached Paget, and now the demi-squad-
ron was surrounded.

  He ran to the open door, grateful to
see his men, faithful to orders, bolting for
cover under a whistling hail of Minie
balls. He reached the porch. He could
see the rifles fringing the woods.

  He looked for his horse. It was held by
his sergeant. He raced to its side. As he
Bung himself up into the saddle, he saw
a group of men run from the under-
brush.

  “Ride!” he shouted to his stubborn en-
listed man, who waited for him to get
started.

  One of the men dropped to his knees.
He could see the muzzle bear down on
him.

  Strangely, FitzPatrick didn’t care, not
ever when the slug tore through his silk
sword-sash and snuffed out his animal
life, hurling him beneath his cursing ser-
geant’s horse.

  He was content. He had all eternity to
be himself.

WATCH FOR THE MARCH 15 ARGOSY

16 MORE PAGES! 100% MORE LEGIBLE TYPE!

42
Farewell
to the

Indies

By Borden Chase

Flanagan wasted no time.
He lifted the German high
above his head and tossed
him over the rail

CHAPTER XXV

LOVE SHOULD WEAR ARMOR

MARK nodded and went to his
cabin. It seemed his head had
scarcely touched the pillow be-
fore Olsen’s hand was on his shoulder.

The cook had made coffee and Mark
dressed quickly. He went to the cabin
and sipped a cup of the steaming liquid.
A moment later he heard a step and
turned to find Connie coming toward the
table.

Her hair was tousled and her eyes not
quite open; and when Olsen brought the
coffee she yawned. Mark thought she
looked like a youngster wakened an
hour too early from sleep.

“ ’Momin’,” she said. “How’s the big
deep-sea diver today?”

“Couldn’t be better,” said Mark. “But
what brings you out of your bunk so
early?”

“Oh, I just couldn’t sleep.”

“Go on! You’re half asleep now.”
“Am not!” said Connie. She rubbed
her eyes. "And if you insist that I am,
then you’re no gentleman.”

Mark laughed. “Could it be you’ve de-
cided to stand a watch with me?”

“Does it look as if I intend to do some
moonlight swimming?”

“That might be the answer.”

“Oh, shush up!” said Connie. “It’s too

early to be clever and I don’t like to
sound stupid. Finish your coffee and let’s
relieve Red. Tanya’s with him and he’s
probably bored to tears.”

  Mark grinned at her and said with
considerable emphasis:

  “Yeah—I can just imagine.”

  Mark put down his cup and followed
Connie to the deck. The schooner had
swung wide on her chain and Tanya and
Red were leaning against the after rail,
looking toward the island. Flanagan
turned quickly at the sound of Connie’s
footsteps.

  “Ahoy, the watch!” he called. “Faith,
’twas but a moment past that you left
for your bunk, Connie. Time flies in
the Indies, so it does.”

  “It was four hours ago,” said Connie
pertly.

  “Was it, now?” laughed Red. He took
Tanya’s arm and headed toward the
cabin. “In that case ’tis time I had me
coffee and caught up with a bit. of sleep.
Keep a sharp eye on the island, mates,
and I’ll see you the moment it’s light.”
Connie made a snoot at him and seated
herself on the forward hatch. Mark
walked the deck for a time, glancing oc-
casionally toward the island. The quar-
ter moon had reached the zenith and
was dipping toward its home in the sea.
As it went it built a silver .path across
the Caribbean to the battered bow of the
Wanderer.

CONNIE sat with her knees hunched up.
her chin on her hands and her eyes
on the moonstreak. As Mark passed her
she yawned. He circled the schooner and
passed again. And again Connie yawned.

“Having trouble keeping awake?” he
asked.

“Yes.”

“Then why not go below?”

“I’m on watch, stupid!”

Mark grinned. “Don’t you trust me?”
“Yes! And that’s just the trouble,”
said Connie. She glanced up at the stars.
“A schooner in the tropics, a moon in the
sky, a soft wind blowing across the Ca-
ribbean—and I get stuck with a man any
girl could trust!”

Mark walked to the hatch and sat
down. He put an arm about her shoul-
ders. “Is this any better?”

“A little, but not much. Say something
nice.”

Mark shook his head. “I’ve tried a
dozen times. It sounds good when I say
it to myself but when I try to say it to
you—well, it seems stupid.”

“What, for instance?” '

“Oh, everything, Connie. I’ve just-
well, I’ve never had the opportunity to
talk with a girl like you.”

“That’s better,” said Connie. “Now tell
me why you’ve never made love to a
girl like me.”

“Too busy, I suppose. It isn’t so many
years ago when I was working for fifteen

The first- installment of this six-part serial, herein concluded, appeared
in the Argosy for February 1

43
a week as a clerk. Since then I’ye gone
a long way, but it took every moment
of my time to get there.”

  “To get where?”

   “I run Dufresne Industries. At least, I
 did until I made this trip.”

  “So what?”

  “Well, I thought that was something.”
 Connie put both hands on his cheeks,
 held his face firmly and kissed him
 squarely on the lips. It was a long kiss
 and Connie did a thorough job of it.
 When she was finished, she drew a deep
 breath, folded her hands demurely in her
 lap and looked at Mark.

  “Now what do you think?” she asked.
 “You, and your stupid Dufresne Indus-
 tries!”

  Mark looked at the stars. “Ah, me!”
 he said. “To think of the time I’ve
 wasted!”

   Connie’s laugh was a silver thing. “Oh,
 Mark, you sound like Red Flanagan.”
 “Do I?”

   “Exactly.”

 [“Then perhaps there’s some hope for
 me, Connie. If I stay close to Red for
 another few weeks I may learn the way
 to tell you the things I’ve had in my mind
 .since the day we met.”

  “What things?”

  “That your voice plays in my ears
 and keeps me awake when I should be
 sleeping. It’s a sweet voice, Connie,
 sweeter than any tropic breeze that
 blows across the Caribbean.”

  His arm went about her slim waist
 and drew her toward him. Connie tilted
 her head and her eyes were bright as
 she rested her cheek against his.

 FOR a moment Mark held her in si-
 lence, and then: “I’ve often looked at
 the tips of your ears and envied their
 closeness to your cheeks. And your hair
 —soft as the strands of a gossamer web
 caught in the rays of the setting sun.
 Beautiful hair, Connie—”

   He stopped and turned his head slight-
 ly. Connie waited. Waves rippled against
 the hull of the silent Wanderer. Still
 Connie waited. A night bird called. Con-
 nie turned her cheek to touch Mark’s.
 “My hair—” she said. “Go on, Mark.”
 “I—”

  “Yes?”

  “I thought I heard a sound. Like an
 oar hitting the water.”

  Connie’s lips grew a pout. ‘You were
 talking about my hair.”

  “But I heard a sound, Connie.”

   “My heart, silly. It’s knocking against
 my ribs.”

  Mark grinned. “This was a splash.”
 “Then it was a flying .fish,” said Connie
 impatiently. She lifted her lips. “Let’s
 not talk.”

  Connie was lovely and Mark was hu-
 man-even as you and I. He drew her
 close and his lips met hers while the rest
 of the world went spinning by in a mad
 procession of night and sea and stars that
 had lost their way in the heavens.

  A moment passed. Perhaps a score.
 Time was a foolish thing.

  Then Mark heard a laugh that was
 almost a grunt. He dropped his arms
 and he whirled about to find a man with
 a gun in his hand.

  “So sorry,” said the man. “You will
 say noding—both of you.”

  He was a tall man, blond and heavy-
 set with a Heidelberg scar across his
 cheek and a smile that stamped him a
 cynic. He wore an officer’s cap with an
 anchor emblem, a high-necked blue
 sweater and dark trousers.

  The hand that held the gun was large
 and Mark noticed it didn’t tremble.

  Over the stern came additional men,

 44

 silent creatures out of the night. They
 jumped to the deck like hurrying shad-
 ows and came toward their leader.

   Mark drew a long breath. His stomach
 felt as if it had been on ice for a week.
 The gun was very close. Then he braced
 his legs and doubled one fist, and his
 voice was filled with rage.

   “Like hell you will!” he cried. He tried
 a looping right. “Run, Connie! Call Red
 —the crew!”

   “Achi Dummkopf!” said the officer.

  He lifted his gun and brought the
 barrel down on Mark’s forehead.

CHAPTER XXVI

MORNING, CAPTAIN!

 /^ONNIE’S voice came from far away,
 saying the same thing over and over.
 Mark tried to catch the words. But his
 head hurt. His back hurt. Everything
 hurt.

  The voice was closer now: “Mark,
 dear, are you hurt badly? Mark—”

   He opened his eyes and blinked. Then
 he closed them again. The world was on
 fire. It must be. He could see the red
 blaze even through his tightly closed lids.

   But that was stupid. Water doesn’t
 burn and he was on the Wanderer. He
 tried again. This time the red flame had
 rounded to the shape of a monstrous ball.

   The sun! It flared across the water and
 painted the surface an angry crimson.

   Mark was angry, too. At the moment
 he wasn’t quite sure why he was angry.
 His head was raging. He tried to lift
 one hand to it. The hand wouldn’t move.
 He tried the other. They were tied be-
 hind his back and he was stretched at
 full length on a hatch.

   He heard Connie’s voice again. Then
 he remembered. That officer with the
 gun—the men climbing aboard the Wan-
 derer.

  “Oh, hell,” said Mark wearily. He
 turned his head and looked at Connie.
 “What a mess I’ve made!”

   Sudden relief came into'her eyes. She,
 too, was resting on one shoulder, hands
 fastened behind her back. Beyond was
 Red Flanagan, seated on the edge of the
 hatch. His hands were lashed securely
 and so were those of the crew.

   Mark looked toward the island. The
 Wanderer had been moved into the
 mouth of the small bay and in the dis-
 tance Mark could hear the sound of
 pneumatic drills biting into rock. A dust
 cloud grew from the side of the cliff and
 at times there came the rumble of a
 blasting.

  Competent men, these Germans. It
 hadn’t taken them long to put their ma-
 chinery to work. Mark’s teeth clamped
 firmly on his lower lip as he shook his
 head. ,

   “Are you all right, dear?” asked Con-
 nie.

   “Yes,” said Mark dully. “I see the
 Heinies moved in and made a fool of
 me. A fine thing! I ought to have my
 head examined.”

   “Captain Schmidt says there’s a doctor
 on the island. He’ll put stitches in it for
 you.”

   “I don’t mean that.”

 Mark scowled, and even that was pain-
 ful. He winced.

   “Well, I do.”

 Mark grunted. “Is he the guy that
 slugged me?”

“Who?”

 “Captain Schmidt.”

 “Yes.”

 “Louse,” said Mark. He turned his
 head and looked at Flanagan. “Well,
 what do you think of your mate, now?”

 RED dropped a slow lid. “It could
 happen to any man, Mark—though

 I	doubt many would have the courage to
 jump a gun. You owe Captain Schmidt
 a debt for not pulling the trigger.”

  “I owe him a debt, all right,” said
 Mark. He nodded toward the cabin. “Is
 Hugo still in his bunk?”

  “They’ve not harmed him,” said Flan-
 agan. “He’ll be on deck later.”

  “Why?”

   “To go ashore with the rest of us.”
   “Prisoners? ”

  Red bobbed his head. “So it seems,
 mate. I don’t savvy the vile language
 well enough to get the whole of it, but
 Tanya sold them a bill of goods with
 that most persuasive voice of hers.”
 “Tanya, eh?” said Mark. “Where is
 she now?”

  “Having breakfast with Captain
Schmidt, no doubt.”

  Connie wriggled across the hatch and
 put her cheek next to Mark’s. “Your face
 is flushed and you’ll work up a fever.
 Just lie quietly and—”

  “Connie, please!” said Mark. “There’s
 a time and place for everything. This is
 neither!”

   “Is that so?” said Connie quickly, and
 her eyes went round. “If I had one hand
 free, Mark Hallam, I’d—”

  Red Flanagan’s laugh chased a gull
 from the rail. “Look out for these red-
 heads, mate. They’re dangerous ladies,
 both.”

   Mark tried for a smile. “You say Tanya
 and the captain are at breakfast?”

   “Most likely.”

  “What happens after that?”

  “Oh, we’ll be dumped ashore and
 Tanya will sail back to see how the
 Sphinx is getting along. She left Velas-
 quez and his men under guard while
 her engineroom crew tried to patch up
 the bearings. If they can be repaired
 quickly the Sphinx will go on about her
 business. If not, me lady will look for
 another yacht.”

  “And what of Velasquez and his
men?”

  “If they’re lucky,” said Red quietly,
 “they’ll join us as prisoners on the island.
 If not, they’ll walk the floor of the Carib-
 bean without the aid of a diver’s rig.
 These people mean business, Mark.”

 HTHERE was silence for a time. Mark
 -*• tugged at his bonds once, then gave
 it up as useless. He recalled some of the
 clever escapes he had seen in the movies.

  There was that business of using your
 teeth to unfasten your partner’s lash-
 ings. Not a bad idea, except for the fact
 that Mark’s teeth would probably come
 loose before the knots in the lines did.

  And then there was the square-faced
 Heinie with the gun who passed slowly
 along the deck. He’d have something to
 say about any teeth tricks.

  A sharp piece of metal—that was an-
 other gag. But there wasn’t any sharp
 piece of metal around. And Mark
 couldn’t get to the matches in his pocket
 to burn through the ropes. Besides, he
 had never been a Boy Scout.

  Mark eased onto his back and gave the
 whole thing up as a bad job.

   “Could I borrow one of your shoulders,
 Connie?” he asked at length. “If we sit
 back and sort of lean against each other,
 we might- be a little more comfortable.”
 “You’re a snob,” said Connie. “You’re
 only nice when you want something.”
 “You’d get as much benefit out of the
 arrangement as I.”

   “Oh, a business deal, eh?”

   “Call it that if you like.”

   “I don’t like,” said Connie. She wrig-
 gled her legs and pulled her shoulders
 from the hatch. “I don’t need any part-
 ner.

 “You will when your back starts to
ache.” -

  “Oh, all right, Mr. Dufresne Industries!
Sit up and put your shoulders against
mine. I’m just dying to hear all about
the Excess Profit Tax—or something!”
Mark grinned and wished he hadn’t.
Each time he moved his face pain leaped
through his head. He got his shoulders
against Connie’s and for a time they sat
quietly.

  Silence grew monotonous. Mark turned
his head and said, “Hello, you.”

  “Sssh!” said Connie. “I’m thinking.”
  “About what?”

 “Tanya Padilla. Wouldn’t it be won-
derful if she tried to make breakfast for
Captain Schmidt and used lye for the
biscuits instead of flour?”

 “You can think of the damnedest
things!”

  “Well, it’s a pleasant thought, any-
way.”

 Mark shook his head wearily, and as
he did there came a shout from the bow.
The square-faced man with the rifle ran
forward. Others followed him. There was
a moment of quick conversation and a
seaman ran to the cabin.

Captain Schmidt came on deck and
Tanya followed. She was carrying
glasses. The officer took them from her
and leveled them along the sun streak.
“Drei Schijfe!” he said curtly.
“Dampjschiffe?” asked Tanya.

  “Nein! Schooners!”

  Red Flanagan was sitting erect as he
looked under the sun toward the horizon.
Mark leaned forward, hunched his knees
and bumped across the hatch to Red’s
side.

 “What does he say?”

 “Three ships coming our way,” an-
swered Red and he chuckled. “The cap-
tain Says they’re schooners, and faith,
I’m sure he’s right.”

  “Schooners?” cried Mgrk.

  “Aye! Velasquez has given the Sphinx
the slip and now he’s come for his
Wanderer. And he’s not come alone, by
the looks of things; he’s brought Peder-
son, Griffith and Burke along for com-
pany.”

CHAPTER XXVII

THE SWEDE IS A SAILOK

THE morning’s red sun had promised
wind and now it started to blow;
hardly a gale, but a spanking breeze that
feathered the tops of the hurrying waves
that raced past the mouth of the bay.

 Mark squinted his eyes and looked
into the sun. Beneath the rim of the
fiery ball he saw three silhouettes: min-
iature ships with their tiny masts
weighted down by a spread of canvas.

  Red called them by name: the Dancer,
the Gull, and the Leprechaun; and his
laugh was a shout as he turned his head
to look at Tanya Padilla.

 “The top o’ the morning to you, me
lady,” he said. “I see you’ve got com-
pany coming.”

  “They’re fools,” said Tanya. “And so
are you, if you think they can take this
schooner.”

  “I wouldn’t gamble on that,” said Red.
“I’ve seen Velasquez angry before, and
faith, the man is no angel. If you’ll take
my tip for what it’s worth, you’ll not be
here when he comes acalling.”

 Tanya came to the edge of the hatch
and looked down at Red. Her eyes were
worried, “Have you forgotten the three-
inch gun on the island?”

! “It had slipped me mind,” said Red

quickly. “Ah, me! You’ve the devil’s
own luck, Tanya, darling. The setup is
perfect. Made to order for the likes of
your friends. They’ll enjoy this, shelling
three ships that can’t shell back. It
should be almost as much sport as bomb-
ing youngsters at school.”

  “Thank you,” said Tanya. She seated
herself beside him.

  “Oh, you’re welcome,” said Flanagan.
“And don’t be distressed. ’Tis the fortune
of war and luck as well. The men who
sail the Caribbean are used to such
things and they’ll laugh as they die.”

  “I don’t want them to die, Red.”
  “Don’t you, now?”

  “No.”

“Then why not stop the slaughter?”
Tanya shrugged. “You should know
better than to ask that.” She pointed to
Captain Schmidt who was giving orders
to his men.

  ‘'He has a country, too. A few dozen
sailors more or less won’t stand in the
way of his duty. Still, if you can think
of any way—”

RED looked at Mark and his eyes
asked the question. Mark twisted his
mind for the answer. A dozen came but
none was good.

  No use to ask Tanya to set them free.
Even,if she could, Mark Hallam and Red
Flanagan would stand little chance
against the men who had taken the
Wanderer.

  These men had guns and knew how to
use them; they weren’t in a mood for
nonsense.

  Mark shook his head. He looked aft
and saw a pulling boat heading toward
the shore. Captain Schmidt had sent his
orders.

  “Looks as if it’s all over but the shoot-
ing,” said Mark at length.

  “It does that,” said Red slowly. “And
now I know how Judas felt. Those men
are trying to help me.”

  His wide shoulders drooped and he
hunched them forward as he looked
toward the sea. The schooners were
growing as the minutes passed. Coming
close and always closer.

  Mark shut his eyes and turned away,
but he couldn’t shut his mind. He looked
at thft island and saw men on the cliff.
The drills had stopped and the bay was
silent except for the song of the wind
in the stays and the sibilant wash of the
waves.

  Captain Schmidt had gone forward to
watch the sea. He stood near the rail
with his glasses leveled and waited with
stolid patience.

  The schooners tacked and went off on
a reach, then came about in a slanting
line like three ancient men o’war. With
all sails set and sheets close hauled, each
carried a bone between her teeth as she
raced across the wind.

  “How long will it be?” asked Mark.
“They must be well within range of that
gun.”

  “They are,” said Red. “But the men at
the gun are taking no chances. Those
schooners are fast in a wind such as this.
The gunners will wait till they reach the
bay. No chance of a miss, and plenty of
time to finish all three before they could
get away.”

  Connie had bumped across the hatch
and taken a place- at Mark’s shoulder.
Now she closed one eye and opened it
wide, then looked at both men wisely.
She turned her head no more than a
trifle and rolled her eyes toward the
shrouds.

  Mark looked quickly. Red took his
time. Both saw that Tanya had left the
hatch and was standing close to a signal

halyard. She seemed to be pondering.

  “Now what on earth is me lady to do?”
whispered Red.

  “Nothing good, I’ll bet,” said Connie.
Tanya crossed the deck. She seated
herself beside Red and reached up to
unknot the blue scarf that was wound
about her hair. She spread it across her
knees and dipped into Red’s hip pocket.

  He looked at Tanya sharply as she took
out his white handkerchief, casually tore
it in two strips and placed them diag-
onally across the blue scarf.

  “Got any pins, Connie?” she asked.
“Act your age! Where would I have
pins?”

Tanya turned to Red. “Have you?”
He glanced at the lapel of the linen
jacket. “It seems Velasquez has the sail-
ors’ habit. There’s some driven down
through the top seam.”

  “Thanks,” said Tanya and helped her-
self.

  “Now what?” asked Red.

TANYA waited until she had pinned
the white strips to the blue scarf.
“Diagonal white stripes on a blue back-
ground—isn’t that the flag signal for
Danger Ahead?’’

  “ 'Tis the other way about, but that’s
like a woman,” said Red. He chuckled as
he looked at the improvised flag. “And
what would you be up to with that?”

  “If I can get it aloft, Velasquez may see
it and put about.”

  “A long chance but worth the try,”
said Red. “Have you thought what the
good Captain Schmidt will do to you
when he finds you playing both sides,
me dangerous lady?”

  Tanya smiled. “I have a fairly good
idea.”

  She stood up. And as she did the
harsh crack of a three-inch gun sounded
from the island. A puff of smoke drifted
up from the cliff. A shell broke the water
just over the bow of the leading
schooner.

  “Too late,” said Red. “And now the
dance begins.”

  Very slowly Tanya tore the white
strips and dropped them onto the deck.
She sat next to Red and rewound the
bright scarf about her hair, knotting it
firmly over one ear. Then she rested her
chin upon her hands and watched the
schooners.	,

  The gun spoke again and this shot
went home. It splintered a mast on the
flying Gull and brought her canvas
down. A third hit her hull just off the
bow and let the water in.

  “’Tis murder!” cried Red. “But look
at the Dancer—and look at the Lepre-
chaun! They’ve not changed course.
They’re driving ahead. Driving straight
for the mouth of the bay!”

  “Are they mad?” yelled Mark. “Don’t
they want to live?”

  “I doubt if they care about that,” said
Red. His eyes were bright and' his lips
were back from two rows of even teeth.

  “They’re coming in! They’re trying to
close! Ah, mate, look yonder at men of
the sea and be glad you’re one of the
breed!”

  He struggled erect and opened his
mouth. The cords were like ropes on
each side of his throat and he strained at
the lashings that held him.

  “Pederson! Burke! ’Tis Flanagan here!
Make for the schooner, you sons of the
devil, and we’ll have a waltz with the
Huns!”

HIS voice roared out across the waves
to challenge the sound of the distant
gun that was firing from the cliff. The
Leprechaun staggered as a shell hit

45
her square and tore away the wheel.

A scarecrow figure was hurled aloft
and Flanagan groaned in his chest.

   “I’ll pay them, Burke! I swear I will!”
he cried as he strained his arms. Then
he swung about and his flaring eyes
looked straight at Tanya Padilla. “Get
me a knife, you woman from Hell, or I’ll
wait for you beyond the grave and twist
your lovely throat!”

  “And have you killed?” said Tanya
softly. She pointed forward toward the
rail where Captain Schmidt was stand-
ing. “He’d put a bullet through your
head before you had taken three steps.”
The Gull was sinking by the bow and
the Leprechaun had walked into irons.
Another shell brought her foremast
down. The next split the bow of 'the
crippled ship and her stern commenced
to lift.

   But the Dancer drove on to the mouth
of the bay, heeling hard over from the
thrust of the wind. A tow-headed man
was at the wheel and his legs were
spread on the slanting deck. He lifted a
hand with a club-like fist and shook it
once at the gun on the cliff.

   A shell was the answer. It holed the
jib. A second tore splinters from the
deck, but the next shot missed the
Dancer completely.

  The schooner rushed on. Forward
stood a tall dark man with a line coiled
over his arm. There was a noose in the
end and he lifted it high. Then silent as
death and equally sure he waited there
at the Dancer’s rail with his eyes upon
the Wanderer.

   “Velasquez,” said Red. He was laugh-
ing now—a peculiar sort of a laugh.
“He’s come to claim his schooner.”

   “Why does he carry that line?” asked
Mark.

   “ ’Tis a custom that’s old as the sea,”
said Red, and he turned those flaring
eyes toward Tanya. “Ten fathom of line
with a noose in the end—sure, it’s more
than enough for a pirate.”

   The gun crashed again and a stay was
cut; but the Dancer seemed to be circled
with luck. She was close in now—five
hundred yards—and each minute
brought her closer. Pederson’s voice
came over the water as fie roared an
order to the crew.

   Now the gun on the cliff was holding
its fire. The schooners were beam and
beam. The Dancer’s bow dropped down
with, the wind and she raced past the
Wanderer’s stern.

  “Now, Pederson! Now’s the time!”
cried Red. The wheel spun and the
Dancer turned in a beautiful pirouette.
“Ah, me! The Swede is a sailor!”

   Captain Schmidt had gathered his men
and now they waited near the rail as the
Dancer’s bow came into the wind. The
schooner’s headway carried her on while
her canvas rattled as her tall sails luffed.

   Then a rifle spoke and a man on the
schooner put both hands to his chest and
sat down. There was another shot. And
then a third.

   The Dancer’s bow rubbed the Wander-'
er’s beam. Smoothly, quietly, the two
ships closed.

Captain Schmidt took careful aim at
Velasquez, who still swung his rope; but
he’d waited too long. Velasquez leaped
and the line went twisting through the
air. It caught the German full in the
face and the captain’s shot went wild.

Mark felt something tug at his wrists.
He turned and found Tanya at his shoul-
der. Her fingers were working at the
lashings that bound his arms behind his
back.

Flanagan’s hands were already free,
and just for a moment the great red man

46

crouched at the rail while he flexed his
fingers. The crew of the Dancer was
swarming aboard and the Germans were
running to meet them.

    “You’re free,” said Tanya. Her voice
 was low.

CHAPTER XXVIII

SEA-PATCH

 jl/TARK rubbed his hands and looked
 about. Four wooden belaying pins
 were racked at the stays. He grabbed
 one and started forward.

   And just ahead of him went Red
Flanagan, leaping along the Dancer’s
deck like some monstrous jungle cat.
Red laughed as he ran, and he laughed
as he hit.

    A German moved a gun into line but
 his wrist was caught in a crushing grip
 that made him scream aloud. Red lifted
 him high and ran to the rail.

   The German screamed again. Then
 Mark heard a splash and Red was back
 looking for Captain Schmidt. ,

    Mark saw a close-cropped head near-
 by and he swung at it with his belaying
 pin. He hit a shoulder but that was all
 right. The German staggered.

    Mark tried a second time. He heard
 the pin hit and he liked the sound, then
 turned to block a thrust from a knife.
 He took the blade on his forearm and
 wrist.

    It was strange, but he felt no pain. He
 swung again and the man went down.
 Mark looked for another and found
 Velasquez standing at his side.

    The^ tall dark man was showing his
 teeth in a most peculiar grin. His hands
 were tight on a German’s throat and he
 shook the man as a terrier might.

 Mark heard a snap. And then a laugh.
 Velasquez reached for another.

 And up ahead sounded Flanagan’s
 voice. It roared above the noise of the
 fight.

    “Hi, Captain Schmidt!” cried the big
 red man. "I’ve a debt to pay for Griffith
 and Burke! Will you try a waltz with
 me?”

 jVTARK wanted to watch but he didn’t
 •L’-*- dare. Men were swarming the deck
 of the Dancer. He lifted his pin and ran
 toward one, then felt a hand on his
 shoulder.

 Velasquez was laughing and shaking
 his head. “The fight—it is over.”

 It was as he said. These men were
 friends—deep-water men of the Indies.
 They, raced to the halyards. The mains’l
 broke free and climbed quickly up the
 mast.

 Mark heard the rattle of anchor chain
 and the sound of a deep-sea chantey.
 Hurrying feet walked the capstan around.
 More canvas flew aloft. The Wanderer
 felt the urge of the wind and put her
 best foot forward.

 There was little work for a novice to
 do. Mark would only be in the way. He
 turned and saw Tanya at the rail. Be-
 side her was Connie Lunquist. Both
 women watched the forward deck where
 two men faced each other.

 Captain Schmidt was a heavy man.
 His arms were long and his back was
 strong and he knew how to use his fists.

 -- He was using them now, in hard, pun-
 ishing blows that slammed against
 Flanagan’s jaw. Red took them in silence
 and kept moving in. His arms were
 spread and his fingers were wide. His
 chin was tight on his chest.

Then those arms reached out and
closed like a vise just under the Ger-
man’s elbows. One of Red’s hands found

 the wrist of its mate. It locked and Red
 started to squeeze.

  The veins went black on the captain’s
forehead as he tried to break the grip.
His chin lifted high and his head dropped
back.

  He tried with a knee and battered the
face that was held so close to his own.

  “Do you like my waltz?” whispered
Flanagan.

"Mein lieber Gott!” gasped Schmidt.
Red dropped his chin on the captain’s
chest and his monstrous shoulders
arched. Mark heard a gasp that was al-
most a sob.

  Then he felt a hand on his arm. Con-
nie’s fingers were clenched on his wrist.
Her eyes were wide and her cheeks were
drawn as she watched the struggling
giants.

   “I think we’d better go aft,” said Mark
quietly.

  “Yes—please, Mark.”

  As he turned away Mark saw another
woman watching the fight: Tanya, who
might have been watching a dance for
all the emotion she showed. He started
toward her, then changed his mind. It
was Tanya’s man who was fighting.

\JEL A SQ UEZ was aft at the wheel of
' his Wanderer, and the schooner
seemed to know it. She was doing her
best, and a good best at that. Her sails
were full and her stays were taut; the
lee rail dipped in a smother of foam as
she followed the Dancer out of the bay
to the blue water of the Caribbean.

  Velasquez grifined. “My darling, eh?
They think they can steal my sweet-
heart?” He shook his head and his teeth
gleamed white. “This is not so! These
fools should know Velasquez would
come to get her!”

  The schooners were racing bow to
stern, and now the gun on the cliff
picked up. The shell came first and
landed wide, then the sound of the shot
came bucketing after.

  “Oho!” cried Velasquez. “They try to
stop us! They want us to stay but Velas-
quez is in one very big hurry!”

  The next shot was bad and so was the
third. Then the gun crew settled down.
A shell broke water just under the stern
and spray dashed over the wheel.

  Mark fooked at the cliff and watched
the flashes; and he knew what it meant
to be helpless. He wasn’t afraid but he
wanted to answer, wanted to hit back.

   Connie had left for the cabin. He didn’t
blame her. It wasn’t easy to watch that
gun throw steel at the schooners. Mark
wondered if he ought to go below and
talk with her.

  Then he stopped wondering. Connie
was coming across the deck with band-
age and antiseptic. Mark glanced at his
arm and wished he hadn’t. The cut sud-
denly started to ache.

   “Let’s have it,” said Connie. She tore
the shirt away to his elbow. “If you’re
not the darndest nuisance I ever met
you’ll do till he comes along. This arm
is a mess. So is your head.”

  “It’s worth the scratch to get such a
nurse,” answered Mark. “But don’t you
think you should stay below and do
what you can for Hugo?”

   “He’s all right, except for a bit of cuss-
 ing and damning, angry because he
 missed the fight.”

  A shell landed aft and Connie winced
but she went ahead with her work.
Velasquez watched and nodded his head,
then he turned to wink at Mark.

   “She is brave, that one,” he said. “The
shells are close but she is not afraid?1’

. “Don’t kid yourself!” snapped Connie.
“I’m frightened to death.”
^Velasquez laughed. “By Gar! So am

“Then stop laughing and show it,” said
Connie. She finished with Mark’s arm
and dabbed antiseptic on a cut that
streaked Velasquez’ cheek. “Your
schooner is lazy. I could make better
time on a bicycle.”

Y7EI.A8QUEZ sighed as he glanced at
" Mark and his shoulders moved in a
Latin shrug. He turned and lifted a hand
in welcome to Flanagan who was coming
toward the wheel.

Tanya walked at Red’s side and there
was amusement in her eyes when they
met those of Velasquez.

“I noticed you swinging a rope with
a noose,” she said. “Was that meant for
me, Velasquez?”

"For certain!” he answered and
nodded his head. “Just so soon as I get
one moment of time I will stretch your
pretty neck.”

Red’s laugh was loud as he looked at
Tanya. “What did I tell you, me lady?”
Mark wanted to ask about Captain
Schmidt; then he realized there was no
need. The only men on .the Wanderer’s
deck were those who were old to the
Indies. The* others were gone.

And as he looked he heard the scream
of another shell. This one was close. The
gun had the range.

The next shot crumpled the Wander-
er’s rail as it plowed past into the sea.

“Pederson’s clear,” said Flanagan, “or
they couldn’t be favoring us alone. Five
minutes more and we’U make it, too.”
The gun was firing faster now. A
tops’l shredded and a spar came down.
Then a shell crashed into the deck and
drove clear down through the hull.

The Wanderer staggered and slipped
down wind. Velasquez spun the wheel.
The bow came up and she held her
course.

The next shell landed just off the
stern. The next was further back.

“Made it!” cried Red. He pointed
ahead. “Now make for yonder island,
Velasquez. The tide is running toward
the ebb so don’t lose any time. We’ll
careen the schooner and plug the hole,
then back to Vanity Point.”

The crew of the Wanderer was already
at work. Some ran below to build
quick bulkhead. Others were rigging a
collision mat. Two loops of line had gone
over the bow and men were hauling
them aft.

Still others had brought a spare sail on
deck and carried it to the rail. The lines
were made fast to two corners of this
and the canvas was started over the side
just forward of the hole.

Velasquez put the schooner hard up.
When she slowed to a walk the lines
were hauled from the far side of the
deck.

The men bent their backs and the sail
ran over the side. The wash of the wa-
ter eased it astern until it had covered
the hole.

Then the lines were made fast while
the rest of the crew raced below to help
build the bulkhead. Planks were torn
from the splintered deck and even the
broken spar was used.

But now the schooner had gathered
headway and Velasquez steered for the
island.

CHAPTER XXIX

GOODBYE TO A GIANT

THE afternoon was almost gone when
Mark Hallam climbed with Connie
toward the crest of the hill that centered

the island. He paused a moment to look
out over the Caribbean.

  Pederson’s schooner was anchored off
 shore and his men were working with
 Velasquez’ crew, racing the tide that was
 coming back, as they patched the hull of
 the Wanderer.

  She’d been careened high on the hard
 white sand of the gently sloping beach.
 And just beyond, near the Dancer’s small
 boat, Red Flanagan walked with Tanya
 Padilla along the water’s edge.

  They were hand in hand and their
 heads were close; and once Mark saw
 Flanagan lift an arm to point toward the
 anchored schooner.

  Mark turned away. Connie’s fingers
 werejtwisting a blossom of wild Sea Is-
 land cotton whose seeds had ridden .the
 warm tropic wind that came from the
 nearby Barbados. A tangle of fern was
 about her ankles and the spiked green
 leaves of a century plant reached almost
 to her shoulders.

  Connie lifted her head and the bright
 sun built a sheen on the mass of auburn
 hair. She looked along the winding path,
 then turned to glance at Mark.

  “How soon do we leave for Vanity?”
 she asked.

  “Red claims the Wanderer will be
 afloat within three hours. That means
 we’ll probably reach Vanity before mid-
 night.”

 -	“And then?”

  Mark shrugged. “A radio message to
 Admiral Stackley and a suggestion for
 target practice. Either that or a quick
 trip to Washington for a personal re-
 port.”

  “What happens to Tanya?”

  “I’m sure I don’t know. She’s Red’s
 prisoner, not mine.”

  He took Connie’s hand and climbed
 the rise to the leaning palm that Red had
 described as an excellent place to sit
 and watch the gulls. It was all Red had
 promised.

  Connie seated herself on the trunk,
 patted her hand on the smooth wood and
 looked questioningly at Mark.

  “This was Red’s idea, you know,” he
 said. “He insisted I bring you here for
 the view.”

  “The view? Is that the reason you
 came all the way up here?”

  “One of the reasons.”

  “What’s the other?”

  “A red-headed girl with very blue
 eyes, and a very bad temper, too.”

  “My temper is always under control,”
 said Connie. She looked at Mark and
 grinned. “Well, almost always.”

  “Can I depend upon that?’’

   “If you do, you’re crazy.”

  She continued to grin at him, and her
 eyes were very bright now and she leaned
 a little toward him.

 MARK drew a deep breath. “Red said
 ■^'•1 the same about Tanya. They were
 up here a while ago.” He smiled and
 leaned against the tree beside Connie. “I
 wonder what they were talking about?”
 “Themselves, of course.”

  “They’re a strange pair, Connie. I
 doubt if there are two people like them
 in all the world. Eternal wanderers,
 searching for something without a name.
 Treasure, they call it.”

  He laughed and glanced at Connie.
 “When they find a treasure they don’t
 know what to do with it.”

  “Why do you say that?”

  “That oil well of Tanya’s,” Mark
 chuckled. “She asked me to give it to
 Madam Tulon.”

“But why did she drill for oil if—?”
“Merely as a blind so she would have a
reason for being in the Indies. She didn’t

expect to bring in a well, and when she
did, she gave it away. She’s like Red:
only happy when she’s searching the
world for an indefinite something. A
something neither of them will ever find
alone.”

  “Perhaps they’ll find it together,” said
Connie softly.

  “Perhaps,” said Mark. He turned and
looked toward the anchored schooner.
Then he lifted an arm and pointed. “Look,
Connie! The Dancer’s mains’l is going up.
That’s odd. I didn’t know there was any-
one aboard.”

  “Neither did I.” Connie swung her legs
and jumped to the ground, then turned
to look at the Dancer. “Mark—on the
branch of that tree!”

  “What is it?”

  “Come here! If you stand next to mt
and look at the Dancer you'll see some-
thing hanging from the branch just ahead
of us.”

lyjARK did as he was told. On a level
■‘■“with his eyes as he looked at the
schooner was a small leather pouch that
hung by a thong. He walked forward,
took the pouch from the tree and looked
at it curiously.

  Connie was at his shoulder. Her fin-
gers wiggled as she reached for the
string.

  “Open it. Oh, hurry!”

  “It belongs to Red,” he answered. “It’s
the pouch he always wears about his
throat. You’ve seen it before, Connie.”
“Open it!”

_ Mark drew the string and dipped in-
side. A folded paper crackled against his
fingers. He spread it, and the two1 black
pearls rolled into his hand—Red’s stake
in the race they had never run.

  There was a message on the paper,
written in bold, broad characters—letters
that looked as if they could come only
from'the hand of Red Flanagan.

  Mark started to read but Connie was
impatient: she snapped the message.
Then her mouth went round and her
brows went high as she looked at Mark
and then again at the paper.

  “Listen to this,” she said quietly. And
she read: “When you see the Dancer
put to sea, no doubt you’ll find this, too.
Pearls for your lady’s ears, Mark; you’d
have won them if we raced.”

  “The devil I would,” muttered Mark.
“Be quiet!” said Connie. She con-
tinued: “I’ve paid Pederson for his
schooner, though Tanya suggested we
steal it. A rare one, that red-headed girl
of mine. I doubt that I’ll know a mo-
ment’s peace for the rest of me natural
life. And neither will you if you take my
tip and ask—”

  “Go on,” said Mark. “Finish it.”

  “If you take my tip,” Connie continued,
“and ask Connie to be your wife. But
who could resist them, the beautiful
things, with their flaming hair and lovely
eyes and lips that taste of the morning’s
breeze when it ripples across the Carib-
bean?”

  “Is that all?” asked Mark.

  “Not quite.”

  “What else does he say?”

  Connie looked again at the paper. Her
voice was low: “So take your Connie
tight in your arms, and kiss the tips of
her tmy ears—I’ve tried it with Tanya
and found that I like it—and turn again
toward the sea to wave a long farewell to
me, for Red Flanagan’s found his treasure
at last and he’s taking her far away.”
“And that’s the end?” asked Mark.
“Yes,” said Connie.

Mark took one of her hands in his. He
dropped the two dark pearls into the
curved palm and rounded the fingers
(Please turn to page 50)

\	47
 t

•WAR FLACS

In each of its major warslhe
United 5tates has flown a diff-
erent fla*. That is, the fla$ has
had a different number of stars
atTneti'me of each successive
war. During tie Civil War The Union
fla£ had Retripes; 34stars.

- jm

WINNING HIS SPURS

Today, an expression meaning ltiat a
man has attained a recognized standing
in his field. It had its Origin during 1ne
Middle A^es.when a qouni ^uire, for
conspicuous ^allantru, would $ain
Knighthood and the right to wear golden

5pUI’6.

• TRIREME etc. •

The names Octereme.Quinauereme,
etc.,describing ancient vvarsrupe, are
generally Supposed to denote Ine number
of tiers of oars on the vessel. However,
They' must have had a different meaning
aslneiV freeboard would have prohibited
five or ei^ht superimposed banks^foars.

■m3

‘BUNK FATIGUE-

Jhie bit ofU.^.Armi)
5lan$ means to eteal
a nap m The dagtime,
oi' when The sleeper is
supposed to be bustj.

'

48
RECENTLY we received a particularly
interesting account of how one of our
readers judges a story. In brief, he says
that if he can see the story, then he
knows it is good.

 Apparently he is a man with a very
strong visual imagination, and so reading
a vivid description of a place or an inci-
dent is for him precisely like seeing it in
front of him. A picture forms in his mind,
static or in motion as the moment of the
story requires. If the picture doesn’t take
form, if it is blurred and confused, he
considers the story unsatisfactory.

 Undoubtedly that is a sound way to
judge a story, providing that the reader
is equipped to do it. That is, providing
that words bring pictures into his mind.
But they don’t for everyone; in fact, the
visual imagination is seldom as strong as
our correspondent’s seems to be.

 We would guess that a good many
people can follow a story clearly and with
enjoyment and yet not see it happening.
It disappoints them if it doesn’t seem
plausible, if the people are unreal; but
they think about the story rather than
visualize it. One method is not neces-
sarily inferior to the other; they’re just
different.

  Well, all this has been very abstract,
and we’re out of our depth. So we’ll turn
quickly to the gentleman who is respon-
sible.

     G. R. TOWNSEND

   I	wonder how many of your read-
  ers read a story the way I do. I got
  to thinking about it the other night
  and I decided to write in to Argo-
  notes just out of curiosity. This is
  how a good story affects me: I read
  it and I see it just as if it were a
  scene outside my window or as if I
  were at the moving pictures.

    For a long time I didn’t realize what
  happened when I was reading. But
  one time I started wondering why I
  didn’t like a certain story and I
  finally decided it was because the
  story wasn’t real and clear. I could-
  n’t see it; it was just words. So then

  I	realized that I had to see an actual
  picture of what happened and where
  it happened or else I didn’t like the
  story.

    For instance, I could see the Le-
  gionnaires and the fighting in Robert
  Carse’s “Stepsons of France”; I could
  see the^whole thing just as if I had
  been thete. But I have never been
  to Africa in my life. Another case is
  a Mase McKay story. I can always
  see the ’glades when I am reading
  one of them.

    On the other hand, I have read a
  half dozen serials about Old Cali-
  fornia by Johnston McCulley and
  they all seemed poor to me because I
  couldn’t see them. I haven’t any idea
  what that part of California used to
  look like.

   What I want to know is do all
  people read this way or not?

  Dallas, Texas

 T ET’S hear from the rest of you about
 your methods of judging a story.
 Do you read as Mr. Townsend does? If
 not, then how? The subject is a fascinat-
 ing one.

 Our next correspondent wants to know
 what has happened to Dave McNally.
 Well, that amiable miracle man was ab-
 sent from Argosy for quite a while; but
 you will be glad to know that we have
 just received a new story about him. It
 will be reaching you shortly.

PHILIP WITHERBEE

   I	have got a complaint to make.
 Where is Dave McNally? What has
 happened to him? A couple of years
 ago we used to get plenty of stories
 by Richard Wormser about his freak-
 hunting hero. Not any more; not in
 a long time anyhow. As far as I am
 concerned Dave McNally is the best
 series character in Argosy, and I
 don’t want to see him dropped. S°
 wake up Mr. Wormser.

   Now that I have made my com-
 plaint I want to compliment you on
 the serials that have been in Argosy
 recently. They are better than ever
 before, I think—especially the ones
 by Max Brand, Judson P. Philips,
 Richard Sale, Louis C. Goldsmith
 and Bennett Foster. All different and
 all good.

 New York, N. Y.

 Again it is pleasant to make space for
 our indefatigable correspondent—

W. W. LLEWELLYN

   Here I go again!

 How about asking Nelson S. Bond
 to write us a long fantastic serial?

 I	think that Bond is about the best
 in this field, except perhaps Edgar
 Rice Burroughs. So how about it?

   I	like the idea of having a short
 short story complete on one page.
 Keep it up.

   More power to Argosy.

 San Jose, Cal.

DON’T MISS
NEXT WEEK’S ISSUE

16

 More pages
 Bigger, clearer type
 No carry-overs to
 back pages

Beginning in next week’s

Argosy

On sale March 5

 Still 10c

Flush Poisons From
Kidneys and Stop
Getting Up Nights

Be Healthier, Happier—

Live Longer

When you can get for 35 cents a safe,
efficient and harmless stimulant and di-
uretic that should flush from your kid-
neys the waste matter, poisons and acid
that are now doing you harm, why con-
tinue to break your restful sleep by get-
ting up through the night?

Don’t be an EASY MARK and accept
a substitute—Ask for Gold Medal Haar-
lem Oil Capsules. GET GOLD MEDAL
—the original—the genuine. Look for
the Gold Medal on the box—35 cents.

Other symptoms of weak kidneys and
irritated bladder may be backache,
puffy eyes, shifting pains, burning or
scanty passage. Don’t accept a sub-
stitute.

3c A DAY

HOSPITALIZATION
PLAN H0SPITALAND

Pays Up To jZ J SURGICAL FEES

FREE

 INFORMATION

23,000 people go to
hospitals every day.

Learn how Hospital and
Surgical care is provided
for every member of your family in case of
sickness or accident, Plan permits you to go
to any hospital in the U. S.; select your own
surgeon. No medical examination required.
Write today for free information.

INTERSTATE MUTUAL BENEFIT ASS'N.
DEPT. MS, DOVER, DELAWARE

 Please send me full details concerning your Hos-
 pitalization Policy.

NAME...........................................

ADDRESS.......................................

CITY..........................STATE...........

GETTltVS4ifcV>	op

■ fljust out-new 1941 edition!
ynxp • A digest of the year’s best

*	K E» articles on fishing. 100 pages

*	of facts, fiction, thrills. In-
cludes chart of world’s record catches. Also in-
formation on outboard motors. Sent free! Write
JOHNSON MOTORS, 1611 Pershing Rd., Waukegan, 111.

  diamond .... ___...

hl-carbon oil-tempered blade, agatine guide
and top, 4' length, all metal cadmium plated.
At dealers or postpaid In U. S. for $1. Catalog

          DDnniicrc n:.. rki.hAim “

49
Kidneys Must
Clean Out Acids

   Excess acids, poisons and wastes in your blood
   are removed chiefly by your kidneys. Getting up
   Nights, Burning Passages, Backache, Swollen
   Ankles, Nervousness, Rheumatic Pains, Dizziness,
   Circles Under Eyes, and feeling worn out, often
   are caused by non-organic and non-systemic Kid-
   ney and Bladder troubles. Usually in such cases,
   the very first dose of Cystex goes right to work
   helping the Kidneys flush out excess acids and
   wastes. And this cleansing, purifying Kidney ac-
   tion, in just a day or so, may easily make you
   . feel younger, stronger and better than in years.
   A printed guarantee wrapped around each pack-
   age of Cystex insures an immediate refund of
   the full cost unless you are completely satisfied.
   You have everything to gain and nothing to lose
   under this positive money back guarantee so get
   Cystex from your druggist today for only 35c.

 SAVE up to 50%

M/DW£Sr

I?A 0/0

FACTORY-

TO-YOU

PUT THIS CHASSIS IH
.YOUR PRESENT CABINET

      FOREIGN RECEPTION DIRECT
Liberal trade-in allowance
| on many new models shown
| in FREE catalog—from'6 to
I 18 tubes—up to s bands—
I including automatic record-
I changing radio phonos . . .
I Home Recorder, etc)
(User-Agents Wanted)

EASY TERMS

 Believe In Luck?-$

                    iCarry, a pair of GENUINE
                    ^BRAHMA RED LIVE HIGH-
                    SLY MAGNETIC LODESTONES!
                    | Legend reputes. Occult Oriental
                    f ancients superstitiously carried
                    two Live Lodestones as MOST
                    POWERFUL MAGNETIC
                    ,“LUCKY" CHARMS, one to
                    - '.‘attract’’ Good Luck In Money,
                    Games, Love, Business, Work, etc., the other to "pre-
                    vent Bad Luck, Losses, Evil, Trouble, Harm, etc. Be-

  Rrahma BoH i Cairrw a* Pai!^ these curious Genuine
  Live Lodestones! We make no supernatural
  s- S'-9/ Postpaid for the two, with all information.
  TFFn «Ail5° eof? ,f JC OoDJ- Satisfaction GUARAN-
  Tttu or Money Returned. Order yours NOW'

      ASTROL CO., Dept. 86, Main P. O.
 unTinr• £ox 72’ BROOKLYN, N. Y.
 ?2rcCrELBew^re °-f 'Citations! We absolutely GUAR-
 ‘ es?L Genu,ne Brahma Lodestones are ALIVE'
 Tu,.iileVnen, y are Just wha* you want, the REAL
 Harurnri !Rf.ULr. DRA.W|N<5, EXTRA HIGHLY
 Sllffi i c Guarantel1—Ordsr TODAYI Cony-

  Send lor my soo booh how to develop

STRONG-ARMS

 , BROAD SHOULDERS

  for 25o coin or 30c U. S. Stamps.

  Contains 20 pages of illustrations
  showing and fully describing exer-
  cises that will quickly develop and
  make you gain strength in_your
  Shoulders, Arms, Wrists,

  Hands and Fingers.

  This is really a valuable ,
  course of exercises, with-
  out apparatus.	_

 ANTHONY BARKER

 (doing business at this address for
 over 20 years.)

  1235—6th Ave., Office 30. N.Y.City

 h in your

RUPTURED?

 Get Relief This Proven Way

  Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your
  flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
  fail to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-straps
  or cutting belts. Automatio adjustable pad holds at real
  opening—follows every body movement with instant in-
  creased support in case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
  work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn in bath.
  Send for amazing FREE book, “Advice To Ruptured”
  and details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also
  endorsements from grateful users in your neighborhood.
  Write:

  CLUTHE SONS, Dept. 28, Bloomfield, New Jersey.

 50

 FAREWELL TO THE INDIES

         C Continued from page 47)
  above them. Then he did as Red Flana-
  gan had told him to do, and he too, found
  that he liked it.

  “Look,” said Connie when she was able
  to talk. “The Dancer’s leaving the bay.”

 Mark stood with Connie anc( watched
 the schooner. He lifted a hand and waved
 it once. He thought he saw an answering
 wave from the red-headed giant who
 stood at the wheel with one arm about
 his lady.

 Then the Dancer tacked across the
 wind and put out for the open sea.

THE END

LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW

         (Continued from page 23)
  got a hunch you will. I’ve heard your
  voice sound like that before. More power
  to you, Dikar.” He tried to pull away,
  and in the dark Dikar could just make
  out his twisted grin. “Good luck, boy.”

    “Wait, Walt.” Dikar held on. “Listen.
  There’s somethin I want you to do for
  me when you get back to Norrisdam. I
  —I couldn’t lie to Marilee. I couldn’t tell
  her I was just goin away for a little while
  so—so I didn’t tell her anythin at all.
  Will you go and tell her that I—that I’ve
  gone away from her, far an far, an that
  I’m not ever comin back. Will you,
  Walt?”

    “No. I won’t tell Marilee that you’re
  not coming back. I don’t even want to
  think of it myself. You are coming back,
  Dikar.”

    ‘Maybe I am. Maybe a long, long time
  from now, when we’ve chased the Asa-
  frics out of America I’ll come back to
  Marilee. But I can’t till then, an I don’t
  want her waitin and waitin for me.

   “I want her to be mad at me, so mad
 that she’ll stop lovin me.. The first hurt
 will be worse that way, but it will be
 over quicker, an then Marilee will forget
 me an—and find herself another mate.”

   When Walt spoke, his voice was low,
 and kind of shaky. “I guess you’re right.
 I guess— All right, I’ll tell her.” He
 rubbed his hand down his leg, stuck it
 out at Dikar.

    Dikar took Walt’s hand and squeezed,
  and then Walt was going back to the
  truck and Dikar was going toward the
  River, through the tumbled jungle of the
  burned houses.

    The blackened timbers were almost as
  thick as the trees of the woods, but they
  did not smell like the trees. They must
  have burned a long time ago, but the
  smell of their burning stuck to them, and
  there was a smell of something else that
  had burned—not wood, but flesh.

   Dikar stopped all of a sudden, the
 blackened timbers blotting out any sight
 of sky or road, the rough wood hurting
 his feet. He stood rigid, his lip curling, a
 prickle running up and down his back.

   Dikar couldn’t see anything. He
 couldn’t hear anything, but he knew
 there were eyes on him, somewhere in
 this dark.

    Dikar’s hand went to the butt of his
  gun, closed on it. Someone hidden in
  these black, gaunt ruins was looking at
  him.

   There was a sudden swoosh, behind
 him, and a burst of leaping light. Walt
 had fired the truck. Out from between
 two black timbers a wild shape leaped at
 Dikar, knife gleaming as it sliced down
 at him. Dikar brought up his gun to
 shoot—

    From behind, cold fingers clamped his
  wrist, jerked the revolver sidewise.

(To be continued next week)

PAYS
UP TO

  PROFIT Ever> home can afford *
  this low cost, new im-
  proved electric water heater that
  uses an amazing principle to heat
  water instantly. Just plug into
  light socket. Sells itself on minute demonstration.
  No risk SAMPLE OFFER. Writo at once for details.

 „ ...... THE LUX COMPANY

 Dept- H-182	Elkhart, Indiana

TYPEWRITER

 STANDARD OFFICE MODELS

  1/3 MFRS. ORIG. PRICE

 ''ll'W.TlbO? a Week

  All late models completely rebuilt like
  brand new. FULLY GUARANTEED.

  No Money Down—10 Day Trial

  Free price-smashing catalog shows ,
  all makes in colors. FREE COURSE
  IN TYPING INCLUDED. See catalog
  before you buy. SEND NOW.

  INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCH.

  Dept. 336 231 W. Monroe St., Chicago, III.

ARMY-NAVY BARGAINS

 Haversacks ......$0.75 Cart. Belt........$0.60

 Small Cart. Box.. .25 U.S. Hunt’s: Knife 1.25

 Hobbles ..........50 Rope Lariat.......75

         Springfield Rifle 45/70 C/F $4.25
 75th Anniversary Catalog 1865—1940, 308 pages,
 over 2,000 illustrations of pistols, rifles, daggers,
 medals, saddles, etc., mailed for 50 cents. Cir-
 cular for 3c stamp.

 FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS, 501 Broadway, New York

DEAF?

ARE YOU

 Gem has perfected a I
 sensational new hear-
 ing aid—to sell at an
 amazingly low price.1

 GEM VACUUM TUBE HEARING AID

 Easily worn, small, economical, dependable. Hear
 clearly the voices of your friends and relatives
 ... at theatre, business groups, or church.
 Fully guaranteed. Solve your hearing problem.
 Write for booklet ‘M-3’ and special trial offer.
 GEM EAR PHONE CO. 47 West 34 St.. New York

       —of Bargains in Military,
       Outdoor and Sport Good*.
       Clothe*. Shoei, Boom, Blanket*.
       Tenti, Firearm*, Boy Sccrat Sup-
       plies, etc. Send 10* for copy to
       be redeemed on firit order.

 ANDN SUPPLY c

  » 4782 Letter St.
  Richmond. Virginia

 ASTHMA

 Kidder’s Asthmatic Pastilles give quick re-
 lief from the pains or discomforts due to
 Asthma or Asthmatic attacks, because their
 pleasant, soothing fumes are inhaled directly
 to where the spasms are occurring. In use
 over 100 years. Prescribed by physicians. 50c
 or $1 at drug stores, or mailed postpaid. Don’t
 suffer. Buy TODAY. Eidder & Co. (Est.
 1804), Boardwalk Arcade, Atlantic City, N. J.

True
Tales
of the
Rails

        Freak accidents, excite-
        ment and drama in every
        month’s issue of

RAILROAD

MAGAZINE

  On news-stands—15c—or write to
  280 Broadway, New York City
VSTERIOUS DISCOVERY

SAVES to 30%

vjumm

SETS NSW COAST >10'CHICAGO

RECORD

BOB McKENZlE

COAST TO COAST	-

TRANSCONTINENTAL AUTOMOBILE
CHAMPION

     Vacu-tnaUe Carburetor Co.
     mi W. Stave Street
     Wauwatosa, Wisconsin

Dear Sirs;	_ ,

     Having ius\ completed a ^ sV*e^ r
     between I-os Angeles and Chlcanndrlvmg^
     Chevrolet equipped with a Vacu-maU mler.
     retor control. 1 thought JmJ" aUd the
     ested In knowing some of me vac . ^
     Important part Vacu-matic played
     success of the run.	m

The distance covered was	0{ft-

thirty-nine hours and	WY\'vch nave

     dally timed by V,>stern \]mon.	based

me an average speed of f».u - • VaCU.matlc
on elapsed time and w'^,, on gasollne

   ™e,SS lS'i >«»« pet ™ ‘d0

Betoie \Mvta8 Los	wVUmrt »e

     »ral test runs both wltn an ^ Vacu-
         Vacu-matic, and the	^ mile8 P®

        «%*>«» «4 BO*"-

                   lours very ttuiy.

&/W

   In addition to establishing
   new mileage records on
   cars in all sections of the
   country, the Vacu-matic
   has proven itself on thou-
   sands of road tests and
   on dynamometer tests
   which duplicate road
   conditions and record
   accurate mileage and
   horse power increases.
   You, too, can make a
   road test with Vacu-
   matic on your car and
   prove its worthwhile
   gas savings to your
   entire satisfaction.

       Learn all about this
          remark*
          able dis-
          covery.

          G e t the
          facts
          NOW!

on BASOUNE /

OR COSTS NOTHING TO TRY

          Answer this call! Investigate this remarkable
          discovery that trims dollars off gasoline bills
          —gives you worthwhile gas savings—more
          power — greater speed — quicker pickup —
          faster acceleration. Proven so efficient, it is
          guaranteed to save up to 30% and give better
          performance or the trial costs you nothing.

       QM<miatic= Supercharge Principle

          Vacu-matic is entirely different! It operates
          on the supercharge principle by automatical-
          ly adding a charge of extra oxygen, drawn
          free from the outer air, into the heart of the
          gas mixture. It is entirely automatic and
          allows the motor to "breathe" at the correct
          time, opening and closing automatically
          as required to save dollars on gas costs.

— Sworn Proof of Gas Savings —

  This certifies that I have carefully read 300
  original letters received from Vacu-matic users
  testifying to gas savings up to 30%, many report-
  ing added power, smoother running, and quicker
  pick-up. These letters are Just a small part of
  the larger file of enthusiastic user
  letters that I saw at the company offices.

[ii ot4*;A

%W

 Signed

AGENTS

             Get Yours FREE
             For Introducing

 Vaeu-matic offers a splendid opportunity for
 unusual sales and profits. Every car, truck, trac-
 tor, and motorcycle owner a prospect. Valuable
 territories now being assigned. If you help us
 introduce it to a friend, you can obtain your own
 free. Check and mail couDon today.

SEND

THIS

   The free olfer coupo/^

 The Vacu-matic Co.

          Fits
          All Cart

 Easy To Install

 Nothing |0 ? one un>t. adjusted c.ted °f six parts assem-
 The free	Any motoris 6d and sealed a, (he taCnrv

6 0ffer couP°n Will	11*ST in ten minutes.

y u‘* the	W_:l i. J___i

  th® facts. Mail it today!

 Wauwatosa, Wis.

 THE VACU-MATIC COMPANY
 7617-551 W. State St., Wauwatosa, Wis.

 Please send full particulars about VACU-MATIC,
 also how I may obtain one for my own car FREE.
 This does not obligate me in any way.

 Name ..
 Address

City....................... State...........

□ Check here if interested in Agency Proposition.
MACHINE SHOP MEN

IOTS of JOBS OPEN/NG UP
Machine Shop Men in

~BIG

DEMAND

 Electrical Engineers, Diesel and Air-Conditioning Experts,
 Builders, Contractors and Automobile Mechanics, too, have
 good chances for profit through BIG DEFENSE PROGRAM

 Now is the time for every ambitious man to start in	- I ”*!—^

 one of the fields which are now opening up new jobs	1 .'	is

 in industry. Get the facts needed from our world fa-	jr;,

  mous technical cyclopedias. Use the jiffy index to find
  out what you need to know in a hurry. Shop foremen
  should welcome men who prepare themselves this
  way, and industry right now is on the lookout for
  skilled men who know how	in

                       10 Big Volumes

 ELECTRICITY

  This new seventeenth edition of
  applied electricity has over 3,000
  pages—hundreds of illustrations.

  Dynamos, motors, power stations,
  radio, television and many, many
  other subjects all covered. Total
  price only $29.80. Sent on trial.

            AUTOMOBILE
            ENGINEERING

                      6 Volumes

                     Whether you are a mechanic or helper,
                     expert or apprentice, auto owner or
                     driver, you will find great value in these
                     auto books (19th edition) which tell you
                     step by step how to make difficult re-
                     pairs. 2,500 pages, 2,000 illustrations.

                     Marine engines, aviation motors. Diesel
                     engines included. Total price only $24.80.

                     Sent on trial.

 BUILDING, ESTIMATING AND CONTRACTING

 9 Volumes

  This new 1940 edition
  should make it easy for
  any carpenter to become
  a contractor. Invaluable
  to builders. Roof fram-
  ing, steel square, archi- j
  tectural drawing and |
  design, estimating, 1
  painting and decorat-
  ing, heating, building,
  contracting, concrete

  forms, and many other subjects well covered. Total price $29.80.

  Sent on trial.

      AIR-CONDITIONJNG

                      6 Volumes

Needed

NOW!

 Learn to set up and run almost
 any kind of machine. MAKE
 MORE MONEY NOW, learning
 quickly HOW TO DO THINGS
 which usually take years of
 study and practice.

 THESE 8 BIG BOOKS ,i« you a chance to qualify

  for promotion in the mechanical field. Everybody knows that there
  is a shortage of skilled men right now and that there are likely to be
  more and more good jobs open. Here are 3,000 pages with nearly
  3,000 illustrations which cover tool making, pattern making, foundry
  work, mechanical drawing, forging, machine shop practice and man-
  agement, and hundreds of other subjects. This set, "Modern Shop
  PracUce," should be endorsed by manufacturers, superintendents
  and foremen everywhere, and we believe willgive any mechanic who
  uses them an advantage over untrained men. With each set we will
  include a big binder of nearly 800 pages with 267 original shop
  Ucketsand 1,200illustrations which show step by step how to set up
  and run almost any kind of a job. These are in addition to the 8 big
  books pictured above. Total price $34.80. Sent on trial.

 Consulting Service Included

  A year's consulting privileges with our engineers will now be given to
  each buyer of any set of these books without extra charge

ANY SET SHIPPED FREE!

  for Examination. All you need do to get a set of "Modem
  Shop Practice" S volumes plus binder, "Applied Electricity'' 10
  volumes, "Automobile Engineering" 6 volumes, "Building, Esti-
  mating and Contracting" 9 volumes, "Air Conditioning" 6 volumes,
  "Diesel Engineering” 6 volumes, for free examination is to send in
  the coupon below. The books will be sent to you promptly. You pay
  the delivery charges only. Keep them for 10 days. If not satisfied
  send them back and you will owe us nothing. If satisfied, send only
  $2.00 in 10 days and then $3.00 a month until the total price
  shown is paid. There is no further obligaUon.

American Technical Society, Publishers—Home Study Courses
Drexel at 58th Street, Chicago, Illinois Dept. X2510

  HI 3   * 
*      a   
         i 
  t      9 
  ....... SEND THIS COUPON TODAY-------

   AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY, Dept. X2510
   Drexel at 58th Street, Chicago, Illinois

   Send for 10 days free use the cyclopedia which I list here.

    Over 2,000 pages, 800 illustrations,
    cover this new industry including
    heating, ventilating, insulating and
    similar subjects. Total price $24.80.
    Sent on trial.

  'DIESEL ENGINEERING

   6

   Volumes

 Over 2,500 pages profusely illustrated
 make Diesel, the new power, easy to
 understand. Learn Diesel operation, con-
 struction and repairing this way. Total
 price $24.80. Sent on trial.

                  Put name of set here
 I will pay the delivery charges only and if fully saUsfied will
 send you $2.00 in 10 days and then $3.00 a month until the

 total price of....................is paid. If I return the

 books in 10 days I will owe you nothing. You are to include
 a year's consulting privileges with your engineers without
 extra charge.

 Name.

Address.............................................. |

City...................................Stale..........

 Please attach a letter statins acre, occupation and name and address of
 employer and at least one business man as a reference.