
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
JULE8 VERNE’S TOMBSTONE AT AMIEN3
PORTRAYING HIS IMMORTALITY

  Vol. 1 No. 7
  Oct., 1926

EDITOBIAL & GENERAL OFFICES: S3 Park Plato. Now Xo& wi<y

Published by Experlmonter Publishing Company, Inc.

(H. Gerosbadt, Pres.; 8. Gemsback, Treas.; R. W. DoMott, Sec'y)
Publisher* «f SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEWS.
AMAZING STORIES, RADIO REVIEW. RADIO INTEHNACIONAl
Owners ot Broadcast Station WRNY.

Contents for October

Beyond the Pole (Serial in 2 parts)
   (First Part)

  By A. Hyatt Verill...................................

.580

A Columbus of Space (Serial in 3 parts)
   (Conclusion)

  By Garrett P. Serviss...................................596

The Purchase of the North Pole
(Serial in 2 parts) (Conclusion)

 By Jules Verne..............................................616

The Island of Dr. Moreau (Serial in 2 parts)
   (First Part)

 By H. G. Wells .........................................636

Blasphemers’ Plateau

  By Alexander Snyder .—...............................656

Our Cover

depicts the story from “Beyond the Pole,” by A. Hyatt Verill,
wherein one of the fearful, lobster-like creatures is shown in-
vestigating the, to them, strange, human creature which has so
suddenly ourst into their domain.

             Copyright Acknowledgment

"The Purchase of the North Pole,” by Jules Verne, copyright
1911, by Vinccnt Parke & Co. (Parke, Austin & Lipscomb Co.)

HOW TO SUBSCRIBE FOR “AMAZING STORIES." Send your name,
addross and remittance to Experimenter Publishing Co., 53 Pari Place,
New York Clly. Checks and money orders should bo mado payable to Ex-
perlraontor Publishing Co., Inc. Mention tho namo of Uio magazine you
are ordering Inasmuch as wo also publish RADIO NEWS. SCIENCE &
INVENTION, RADIO REVIEW and RADIO INTERNATIONAL. Sub-
scriptions may bo mado In combination with tho other publications Just

A MIA ZING STORIES is published on the 10th of oach month. There are
12 numbers per year. Subscription prlco Is $2.50 a year In U. S. and
possessions. Canada and foreign countries 83.00 a year. U, S. coin as
well as U. S. stamps accoptod (no foreign coin or stamps). Single copies,
25 cents oach.

All communications and contributions to tills Journal should be addressed
to Editor AMAZING STORIES. 53 Park Place, New York. N. Y. Un-
accepted contributions cannot bo retumod unless full postago has been In-
cluded. ALL accqited contributions aro paid for on publication.

_ Now England Advertising Representative
T. F. Magrano. Park Square Bldg.. Boston, Mass.

Western Advertising Representatives
Flnucan & MeCluro. 720 Cass St.. Chicago. III.

Detroit Advertising Representative Roy

In Our Next Issue:

 THE MAD PLANET, by Murray Leinster. A tre-
 mendous story by the author of “The Runaway
 Skyscraper,” and a sure classic. This fascinating
 story tells how our planet undergoes a gradual
 change and becomes inhabited by giant insects. A
 powerful, gripping narrative. Do not miss it.
 BEYpND THE POLE, by A. Hyatt Verill. The
 final instalment, wherein our explorer describes his
 further adventures as guest of the lobster-like race.
 Any number of surprises and scientific conclusions
 will be found in these chapters of the best new
 scientific story of the year.

THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU, by H. G.

 Wells. The final instalment, wherein we find the
 beast people at large on the island, and learn what
 happens to them when left to their own devices.
 As surprising an ending as you could wish for,
 with thrills that you follow breathlessly, and which
 you will never forget.

 THE DIAMOND LENS, by Fitz-James O’Brien.
 This is one of the world’s classics. A story written
 years ago, but which retains its flavor to the fullest
 extent and brings in an exquisite microscopic be-
 ing, the enchanting heroine of the story. This was
 crowded out of the September issue.

 A DRAMA IN THE AIR, by Jules Verne. A little
 known story by the famous author. It was one of
 the first stories ever published by him, and while
 it does not contain the great scientific interest of
 his later stories it is considered a perfect gem by
 followers of Verne literature.

 THE SECOND DELUGE, by Garrett P. Serviss
 A worthy successor to the story “A Columbus of
 Space. Although this story does not deal with in-
 terplanetarian travel it is a powerful as well as
 gripping story of a second deluge, which visited
 our planet. Don’t miss it.

 mentioned at «peclal roducod club rates. 6cnd postal for club rain nnt
 Ov'Stotoa'Itow with tho current Issuo unless otherwise ordered.

 ON EXPIRATION of your subscription wo enclose a renewal blank in nur
 last number to you, and notify you by mall. Then, unlesVwo rccoivo yow
 CHANGE W	delll0Pr th# magazine is stopped

,	S ,WI1? us 1,8 far ln adwnce as possible, gr-

 JSejr,uS.0 ?w!?*i”..V ".eli“ ‘ho Pcw on* .1.0 futuro magazines «r«

 » v” . . 03 uuw wit wnicii luiuro maea/lnc* or
 to go. It takes several weeks to make on address chango in our records.

                    Monthly. Entoredju second class matter March JO.
 ?o-o ^ . Office at New York, N. Y.. under the act of March ^
 18i9. Title Registered U. S. Patent Office. Copyyrlght. 192(1, by E P
 Co.. Inc., Now York. Tho toxt and Illustration* of this Magazine aro
 copyrighted and must not bo reproduced without giving full crcdlt to tho
 publication. AMAZING STORIES Is for sale at all newsstands In tho
 United States and Canada. European Agents, S. J. Wise Et Cie, 10 Piuco
 Ycrto. Antwerp, Bolglum. Printed ln U. S. A.

Paeiflc Coast Advertising Representative*

A. J. Norris Hill Co.. 5 Third St. San Francisco. Cal.

412 W. Cth St. Us Angeles. Cal.

. Kansas City Advertising Representative*

Davlei & Dillon, 15 W. 10th St. Kansas City. M».

 Buell, Donovan Bldg.. Detroit Michigan.

577
            can sti11 be f°un(*,n
   ■ §k CHEM ISTRY Anmm

Good Chemists Command High Salaries

and you can make yourself
— ,^~r"— independent for life by un-
earthing one of chemistry’s
yet undiscovered secrets.

 What Some of Our
 Students Say of This
 Course:

  I have not written since X received iho big
  sot. I am still say that It far exceeded my
  anticipations. Since I have been studying with
  your school 1 havo been appointed chemist (or
  the 8eranton Coal Co. testing all the coal and
  ash by proximate analysis. The lessons are
  helping me wonderfully, and tho interesting
  way in which they gre written makes mo wait
  patiently for each lesson.—MOEX.AIS COUZ-

' T. O'CONOR ST.OAME.

     A.li., A.M., LL.D.. ril.D.
 Noted Tnntrnrtai; T.eeUirw and i
 Uior. Formerly Treasurer Anje
 ton Chemical Society anil a pr
 tTcal chemist with many well tail
 aehlurajiienti to bis credit, i
 only lias Dr. Sfoane toutfit then
 try for years hut he was for mi
 years, engaged In commen
 clirinlmry work.

  CHEMICAL INSTITUTE
  OF NEW YORK, Inc.

          HOME EXTENSION DIVISION 10
CG-A—WEST BROADWAY	NEW YORK CITY
THE
MAGAZINE
OF

 SCIENTIFICTION

HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor
DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D.; Associate Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor,

C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

Editorial and General Offices: S3 PaTk Place, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.......Cold Fact Tomorrow

 IMAGINATION AND REALITY

                            By HUGO GERNSBACK

HEN reading one of our scientifiction
stories in which the author gives free
rein to his imagination, providing he is
a good story teller, we not infrequently
find ourselves deeply thrilled. The rea-
son is that our imagination is fired to
the nth degree, and we thus obtain a reat-satisfaction
from the time spent in reading the story, improbable
as it often appears at first. I should like to point out
here how important this class of literature is to
progress and to the race in general.

  The human mind is a tremendously complex ma-
chine, which often works in a very strange manner.
A man sets out to invent a certain house appliance,
and while engaged in his experimental work, gets a
certain stimulus that takes him in an entirely differ-
ent direction, so that the first thought of the house
appliance may end in the invention of a factory
labor-saving device, or perhaps something even more
important.

  When Alexander Graham Bell was a young man,
he occupied himself by devising means of enabling
the deaf to hear. This led him into electrical re-
search work, and the apparatus, far from becoming
a device by which the deaf can hear, became the pres-
ent telephone. To be sure, loud-speaking telephones
are made today for the use of the deaf, but this is
only a by-product and not at all the actual and more
important use of the instrument.

  Hundreds and thousands of similar instances
could be cited. An author, in one of his fantastic
scientifiction stories, may start some one thinking
along the suggested lines which the author had in
mind, whereas the inventor in the end will finish up
with something totally different, and perhaps much
more important. But the fact remains that the au-
thor provided the stimulus in the first place, which
is a most important function to perform.

  On the other hand, many devices predicted by
scientifiction authors have literally come true for
many generations. There is an old popular saying
that what man imagines, man can accomplish. This
proverb of course, should be taken with a grain of
salt, because not everything that man imagines is

possible. For instance, I can imagine that I blow
out the sun, or grasp the moon in my hand, or cut
off my head without dying. Naturally such things
are impossible. On the other hand, many of the so-
called wild ideas which we read in our scientifiction
stories may prove to be not quite so wild if they give
an actual stimulus to some inventor or inventor-to-
be who reads the story. And as long as there is a
stimulus of any sort, we have no reason to complain,
because we never realize where progress in any di-*
rection may lead us.

  There is the well-known story of the inventor who
had patented a mouse-trap, and finally sold the pat-
ent to a manufacturer, who found that an excellent
burglar alarm could be made from the mouse-trap,
with but a few changes. Another case of an original
stimulus which, perhaps, went wrong, but finally
became righted.

  We should not, therefore, become too impatient if
occasionally we encounter a seemingly impossible
prediction or improbable plot. It is beyond our pow-
er to foresee what reaction this may produce in
some one, and what tremendous consequences it may
have in the future. And, strange to relate, the pa-
tent offices of most countries follow scientifiction
stories pretty closely, because in many of these the
germ of an invention is hidden. It is not necessary
to actually build a model to be an inventor; often it
becomes necessary, for court proceedings and for
patent reasons, to find out who really was the orig-
inal inventor of a certain device; if the inventor is
an author who brought out the device, even in a fic-
tion story, this would, in the long run, entitle him to
ownership of the patent, always providing that the
device is carefully described, as to its functions, its
purpose and so forth.

  For instance, in the United States, the inventor
would have two years from the publication of the
story to apply for a patent. Thus it will be seen that
a scientifiction story should not be taken too lightly,
and should not be classed just as literature. Far
from it. It actually helps in the progress of the
world, if ever so little, and the fact remains that it
contributes something to progress that probably no
other kind of literature does.

Mr. Hugo Gemsback speaks every Monday at 9 P. M. from WRNY on various scientific and radio subjects.

BEYOND THE POLE

581.

Introductory note by Dr. Abbott E. Lyman

BEFORE giving this really marvelous tale to
the world, I feel that it is important to offer
a few lines of explanation, as well as a brief
sketch or synopsis of the events that led to my dis-
covery of the manuscript relating the incredible ad-
ventures of this writer.

  As a fiaturalist specializing in ornithology, I had
long been attracted to the regions of the little
known Antarctic as a rich field for my studies. Very
largely, perhaps, my interest in Antarctic ornith-
ology was due to the fact that I resided in New Bed-
ford, a town famous in former years for the number
of its whaling vessels, many of which sailed an-
nually for the southern oceans in search of sea-ele-
phant oil. From the officers of theae vessels I
obtained many specimens of birds' skins and eggs
brought back by the obliging whalemen. Such
specimens were, however, more or less unsatisfac-
tory for scientific study, and I at last made up my
mind to visit the Antarctic in person in order to
observe and study that avifauna in its own habitat.,

  It thus happened that I secured passage upon a
whaleship bound for the South Atlantic and South
Indian oceans, and, after an uneventful voyage of
several months, I found myself gazing from the
bark’s deck at the frowning mountain peaks of
Kerguelen, or as it is also called, Desolation Island.

  Here, in company with some ten of the bark’s
crew, I was landed, and, having been amply sup-
plied with provisions, tools and implements of the
whalemen’s trade, we saw the vessel sail away for
South Georgia, there to land other parties, which,
like our own, would remain upon the barren bits of
land until the bark’s return the following year.

  I need not enter into a description of the wonder-
ful fauna and flora of the island, nor need I dilate
upon the rare and interesting specimens which re-j
warded my daily tramps over the bare basaltic hills
or through the thick scrub and rank grass of the
valleys, although to me those days were filled with
fascination and all the naturalist’s enthusiasm at
treading new fields of study.

  Suffice it to state that on one misty morning, hav-
ing penetrated far into the interior of the island
in search of a new rookery of albatross, I was(
attracted by the strange behavior of one of these
great birds.

  He appeared unable to rise from the ground, al-
though he repeatedly spread his immense wings and
flapped upward for a few inches. But each time
he fell back and struggled awkwardly about upon
the earth.

  My nearer approach disclosed the fact that the
bird’s legs was entangled in some object among the
rocks, and, walking to within a few yards of the
albatross, I was surprised to find that a cord or line
was attached to the bird’s leg, while the other
extremity of the cord was fastened to an object
that glittered curiously in the light.

  Consumed with curiosity, for I knew that no
human beings had recently visited the spot, I cau-
tiously approached the albatross, and, throwing my
coat over its head, I stooped and endeavored to dis-
engage the line from the bird’s leg. I found how-
ever, that the cord, which was of a most unusual
metallic lustre, was spliced or woven about the leg.

  I therefore drew my sailor’s sheath knife and
strove to cut the line which was scarcely larger
than twine. Imagine if you can my surprise when
the keen-edged blade slipped uselessly along the
cord as though the knife had been of wood and the
line of steel!

  Judging that the affair was some form of wire
rope, I then placed it across a small rock and ham-
mered it with another stone, but without avail.
Bending it rapidly back and forth was equally
futile, and I therefore turned my attention to the
object to which the cord was attached, and which
appeared to be a thin glass cylinder some two
inches in diameter and approximately six inches
in length. Through the crystal I could discern a
roll of some material resembling paper, and, feeling
sure that this was a message of some sort, I struck
the bottle-like receptacle a smart blow with a bit
of rock. I remember that, even as I did so, I was
mentally wondering how such a fragile receptacle
had escaped annihilation during the rough usage
to which it must have been subjected by its winged
carrier, but even this vague thought did not prepare
me for the result of my blow. Indeed, I cannot
adequately transcribe my utter amazement as the
stone rebounded from the glass container without
leaving so much as a scratch or a crack upon the
surface!

  I was in fact, absolutely dumfounded. Eagerly
I stooped, and eXaminined the strange object more
closely and minutely. I discovered a small catch
or button near one end of the cylinder, and as I
pressed upon this, the cord was suddenly released.

  With the cylinder now in my possession I gave
no further heed to the albatross, which immediately
flew off, a most regrettable incident as he carried
with him the remarkable ligature which, had I
secured it, would have proved of inestimable scien-
tific value. But my attention was focussed com-
pletely upon the container which I found was re-
markably light, about the weight of aluminum, I
judged. But, despite its apparently fragile char-
acter I could not succeed in either breaking or dent-
ing the remarkable material, try as I might.

  My curiosity was now at fever heat, for I knew
of a certainty that no such material was known to
civilized man, and that any message or communica-
tion enclosed within it must be of the utmost im-
portance and interest. In order to examine it more
closely I opened my pocket lens and commenced most
carefully and painstakingly to go over the smooth
surface of the astonishing receptacle.

  In so doing I advertently brought a point of light
to a focus upon the cylinder. All that had gone be-
fore was as nothing to the astounding result of this
accidental procedure. Instantly the material com-
menced to melt and run like wax! In a few brief
moments I had melted a space completely encircling
the cylinder, and, from the aperture thus made I
drew forth the roll of manuscript—for such the con-
tents proved to be, and, spreading the pages com-
menced to read the incredible story written thereon.
Certain passages, names and references assured
me that the story was no fiction nor the work of a
disordered mind, for many of the incidents men-
tioned as well as names referred to, were familiar
582

AMAZING STORIES

to me. I clearly remembered the departure of the
bark Endeavor, her failure to return, and the
various newspaper accounts of her disappearance,
with the published lists of her personnel. These
facts, as I have stated, would alone have convinced
me even had I not felt assured, from the character
of the receptacle chosen to hold the manuscript, that
the tale was true, for the material could not have
been obtained or prepared in any known country or
by any known race of men.

  Deeply have I regretted, since that time, the fact
that my engrossment with the manuscript swept
all thoughts of the cylinder from my mind. I had
carelessly dropped it as I secured the contents, and
when, having read and reread the astounding tale
from beginning to end, I looked for the receptacle,
it could not be found. My closest and most pains-
taking search failed to reveal it. Whether it had
rolled into some crevice or hole in the volcanic rock

or whether some curious albatross, attracted by the
glitter of the cylinder, had surreptitiously
approached and swallowed it, I shall never know.

 ' But even without the cylinder and its attendant
 'cord as corroborative evidence as to the truth of
 the story I so strangely obtained, the tale itself is
 so manifestly fact, and is of such incalculable value
 to the world that I have not the slightest hesitation
 >in publishing it.

   The manuscript, quite unaltered, is reproduced in
 ithe following pages, and my readers may judge for
 themselves as to the veracity of the author and
 the importance of its revelations which are now
 made public for the first time. The narrative, writ-
 ten legibly in some dark colored medium, upon a
 peculiar parchment-like and exceedingly tough
 (though light material, covered many sheets, and
 \ was as follows:

BEYOND THE POLE

        By A. HYATT VERILL

0	whosoever finds this message:—I en-
treat that you will read, and after read-
ing will either notify the relatives and
friends of myself and my comrades
of the crew of the bark Endeavor
of New Bedford, in the State of Massachusetts,
U. S. A., of the fate of
that vessel and her men,
or failing in this, will give
this writing to some reli-
able newspaper in order
that it may be published
for the benefit and peace
of mind of all who have
an interest in the fate of
the bark which set sail
from New Bedford on the
fourteenth day of August,

1917.

 My name is Franklin
Bishop and I was born and
resided at Fairhaven,

Mass., across the harbor
from New Bedford. For
many years I followed
the sea as a whaleman,
until in 1917 I shipped
as first mate on the bark
Endeavor, Captain Rank-
lin, bound for the South
Shetland Islands in search
of sea-elephant oil, the
price of oil having greatly
increased owing to the war. The bark carried a
crew of sixteen men, six of whom were Portugese
boat-steerers shipped at Funchal.

  I cannot now recall the names or homes of the
crew, if indeed I ever knew them, for a large
number were greenies—human derelicts, and were
known aboard ship only by their Christian or their
nicknames. The skipper was George Rankin of
New London, Ct. The second mate was Jacob

Marten of Noank, Ct. The cooper was Nicholas
Chester of Mystic, Ct., and the carpenter was a
huge, raw boned Scandinavian named Olaf John-
son. But the names matter little, for I have no
doubt that even after six years the bark’s owners
or the New Bedford shipping lists of 1917 can
supply the names of all
hands with the exception
of the Portuguese, and I
mention the above merely
to prove the truth of my
tale and to induce who-
ever finds it to make
known the fate of the
bark and of her crew.”*
Our voyage, after leav-
ing Funchal, was pleasant
and with favorable winds
and good weather we
made a quick run until
south of Tristan da Cunha
when we ran into heavy
weather with a north-
east gale that forced us
to shorten sail to almost
bare poles. Even then
the old bark wallowed
heavily and made such bad
weather of the sharp
irregular seas that we at
last were forced to heave
to and even to use oil over
the bows. This made
the ship ride easier but our drift was tremendous
and when, on the fifth day, we managed to take
sights we found ourselves far off our course and in
latitude about 45° South and longitude 11° west.
The exact figures I do not remember.

  We had scarcely made sail and gotten on our
course when another and even harder gale bore
down upon us from the northwest, and under bare
poles we scudded before it for sixty hours, when,

'See footnote on next page.

 t-TERE is one of the most gripping stories that it has
 , ever been our good fortune to read. At the same
 time, it is one of the best scientifiction works of the mod-
 ern school that we have lately seen. It is easily the best
 scientifiction story of this year.

   The author, in choosing a civilization of lobster-like
 people, should not be accused of sketching an impossi-
 bility. Indeed, it is impossible to say, at this moment> in
 zvhat form an intelligent reasoning creature might or
 might not exist. Just because we have never met a reas-
 oning creature different from a human being tells noth-
 ing, and we certainly should not be so arrogant as to
 think that intelligence, as we know it, combined with
 reasoning, exists solely in the human type.

   So far we have not been able to penetrate the secrets
 of ant life, or of the bee life, despite our so-called “in-
 telligence," so we should not judge too harshly what is
 and what is not possible, when it comes to reasoning in-
 telligence.

   In nature we know that everything is repeated—not
 only once, but thousands of times. Why should reasoning
 intelligence be represented only in one speciest

   At any rate, zve know that somehow you mil feel that
 "Beyond the Pole” is a real story, where real facts are
 given to you for what they are worth. It is an engros-
 sing story that cannot fail to grip you from start to finish.
BEYOND THE POLE

£83

by the hardest work, we managed to set a patch of
sail and heaved the bark to.

  Hour after hour the storm howled through the
rigging, while with aching backs and straining
arms we toiled at the pumps day and night.

  Gradually the wind died down and intense cold
followed, with murky, leaden skies and occasional
squalls of snow, while between these puffs the wind
fell flat and we drifted helplessly about at the will
of the strong and unknown currents of the region.
For five long, weary days we drifted, the sky be-
coming more and more sullen, and with no gleam
of sunlight to enable us to make an observation.

  On the sixth day, long, oily rollers came running
in from the west with a weight that told of wind
to follow, and sails were close reefed in readiness
for the expected blow. At last, upon the horizon,
we saw a streak of white, gleaming against the'
inky murk, and hardly had we grasped rails and
rigging when the hurricane and blinding sleet and
snow struck us. Over the old bark went until it
seemed as if her yards would trip in the mountain-
ous seas that rushed past her bulwarks. Then
gradually she righted, and bearing off before the
wind, tore through the huge seas like a mad thing.
For ten hours the gale screeched and howled with
undiminished fury and every effort to bring the
bark into the wind was useless. Moreover the hail
and snow was so thick that we could see barely a
cable’s length from the ship, while rigging and
spars were loaded with tons of ice and to handle
ropes was like hauling on steel bars. Then, sud-
denly from aloft, came the piercing cry “Ice ahead!
Port your helm! For God’s sake, hard a port!”

  Springing to the wheel I threw all my weight
upon it, but even with the two men already there,
we were unable to swing the bark half a point and
a second later, with a grinding crash, we struck
the berg.

  So great was the shock that all hands were
thrown flat upon the deck, and with a splintering
roar, the fore- and mainmasts went over the side,
dragging the port bulwarks with them and staving
a gaping hole in the bark’s side as the jagged butts
lurched up on the next sea.

  Instantly all was confusion. The Portugese
rushed to the boats, only to find that all but two
were staved in, and tried to cut away the falls.
Luckily the ropes were so sheathed in ice that for
a moment they could not lower the boats and in
this brief space of time the captain and myself,
with the other officers, managed to drive the
crazed fellows from the boats and to restore some
sort of order.

(•Foot note "by Dr. Lyman)

   The following is a clipping from the New Bedford "Mercury1 of
August 14th, 1917: “Sailed: Bark “Endeavor", Rankin, for pough,
South Georgia and South Shetland Islands via Funchal. It is with
pleasure that we note the sailing of the old Whaleship “Endeavor^.
This is the first of New Bedford’s once great fleet of whalers to set sail
for the South Atlantic in many years, and we trust that it signifies an
awakening of the long dormant industry which once made the name of
New Bedford familiar in every corner of the world. It is a direct out-
come of the Great War and the consequent advance in the price of oil.
and while the latter may be and no doubt is only temporary, our still
serviceable old ships may yet reap golden harvests while high prices
continue. The “Endeavor's" officers are well known and experienced
men and we wish them and the owners every success and a ‘greasy
v'yage’. The “Endeavor’s" officers arc as follows: Captain, George
Rankin of New London. First mate, Frank Bishop, Fairhaveti. Second,
Jacob Marten. Noank. Cooper, Nicholas Chester, Mystic. Carpenter,
and blacksmith, Olaf Johnson, Christiana, Sweden. Cook, Wm. Outer-
bridge, Hamilton, Bermuda. Boatsteerers, Jake Hildebrand, Nan-
tucket. Henry Fogarty, Marthas Vineyard. Michael Mendoza, Capo
Verde Island.”—A. E. L.

  Provisions and water were thrown into the boats,
but the bark was settling so rapidly that before
the craft were half provisioned Captain Rankin de-
cided it would be certain death to wait longer. Ac-
cordingly the boats were lowered away at once, but
as I looked at the huge seas and felt the sweep of
the icy gaie I turned back and chose to risk going
down with the ship rather than add my weight to
the overburdened boats that I judged would scarce-
ly live an hour in the terrific welter of sea and
wind.

  In this decision I was joined by Olaf, the car-
penter, and standing upon the rapidly sinking hulk
we saw the two tiny whaleboats shove off and dis-
appear in the sleet and snow to leeward. We
momentarily expected the »;ark to sink beneath us
and our only hope was that we might have time to
build some sort of makeshift raft before the vessel
went down. With this idea we at once commenced
to gather what materials we could. But long be-
fore we had secured even a small part of what we
required the bark had settled until the deck was
only a few inches above the water. Then suddenly
she lurched to port, rolled over on her beam ends
and with a slight shudder remained motionless ex-
cept for a slight rising and falling on the waves.
For a moment we were amazed and puzzled and
could not understand the matter, for I knew hun-
dreds of fathoms of water lay under our keel.
Presently, however, we came to grasp the situation,
Evidently the berg on which we struck projected
far under water, like a huge shelf, and oQr ship,
passing over this before she struck, had now settled
until she rested on the submerged ice shelf. For
the time we were safe and although the bark rested
in such a slanting position that we were obliged
to crawl rather than walk the decks, yet we thanked
God that we were there, instead of tossing about
in small boats at the mercy of the tempest.

  As nothing was to be gained by remaining on
deck we entered the cabin and secured food and
drink and succeeded in belaying the cabin stove so
that we could light a fire, which proved most grate-
ful to our chilled and numbed bodies. Here we
sat and smoked for uncounted hours, while dimly
the sound of storm and waves came to us or the
grating of the bark’s keel upon the ice beneath
gave us momentary frights. Gradually the storm
waned and the waves broke less heavily against our
crippled ship. Towards daybreak We both fell
asleep and did not awaken until aroused by the
cold which became terrific as the fire died down.
We kindled a new fire, and wrapping ourselves in
heavy coats and oilskins, went on deck. The sun
was shining brightly close to the horizon, but as
far as eye could see there was nothing but gleam
ing ice floes breken by narrow, open lanes of dark
water and lofty bergs. By watching certain spots
we soon found that we were drifting rapidly south-
ward and I went below to secure my sextant and
take an observation. To my chagrin I found that
the captain had taken the instruments with him and
we were without means to learn our position except
by guess-work. By careful calculation of our drift,
and assuming that we had been drifting at the
same speed and in the same direction sincc striking
the ice, and allowing for our progress since taking
the last observation. I decided that our latitude and
584	AMAZING STORIES

longitude must be about 70° south and 10° east
The cold was now so intense that we descended to
the cabin, only occasionally venturing on deck to
meet with the same weary, drifting, broken ice.
Our case seemed hopeless indeed, for we well knew
that we were far beyond the tracks of any ships and
that unless some miracle occurred we were doomed
to spend the rest of our days upon the helpless
wreck, to perish miserably of starvation. With
such thoughts we turned in at night and for Six
days our existence was but a repetition of the first.

 On the morning of the seventh day we were
startled by a roaring, grinding noise and the sudden
violent lurching of the bark. Rushing on deck and
fearing the worst, we were thunderstruck to behold
b-barely a cable’s length away—a rocky, ice-capped
shore, behind which rose lofty mountains with their
eummits hidden in clouds. Much to our surprise
also we found that the weather had greatly moder-
ated and several big mollymokes were wheeling
about the ship while seals and sea-leopards basked
,on the rocks above the surf. Our ice cradle pre-
vented the bark taking the ground, but in the course
of a few moments we managed to scramble over the
intervening broken ice and soon stepped upon the
shingle. Then, with ropes and hawsers, we suc-
ceeded in making our wreck fast to the shore. We
were now reasonably sure that the ship would not
go adrift, and even if a storm came up and forced
us to desert our quarters on board, we could no
doubt salvage enough from the wreck to build some
manner of craft in which to make our escape from
this forbidding and uncharted land.

  During the next two or three weeks we busied
ourselves carrying ashore fuel and provisions and
in constructing a little hut or shelter in which to
store the goods or to seek refuge in case of disaster
to the bark.

  There was no lack of fresh meat, for penguins,
albatross, mollymokes and Cape pigeons were thick.
Also, we laid in a fine supply of seal skins and oil
an preparation for the long and dreary winter which
we knew we should be forced to face, for we had no
intentions of trusting ourselves to any frail craft
we might be able to build until all chances of whale-
ships reaching us had passed with the summer.
Although this work kept us busy and left us little
time to think of our plight, yet often, during meals
or when done with the day’s work, we talked over
the probable fates of our comrades and were grate-
ful at our own salvation, even in such an inhospitable
land*	®

•(Foot note by Dr. Lyman)	'

   "Evidently Mr. Bishop did not consider the possibility of any mernlfa
of the bark’s crew having reached land or safety. The following is a
clipping from the “New Bedford Mercury” of July 2d, 1919:

   •The schooner Petrel, Archibald, arrived yesterday with 600 bbls. of
eea-clephant oil; 300 seal skins; 200 bbls. sperm oil; 15 casks spermac-
eti and 16 lbs. ambergris from the South Atlantic and South Indian
oceans. Captain Archibald brought with him the survivors of the ill
fated bark "Endeavor’’ of this poH which sailed for the Antarctic oft
August 14th, 1917. The "Endeavor” struck a berg and foundered near
the Bouvets Islands after being driven far off her course by a series of
gales. The survivors who have both our heartiest sympathies and Our
most sincere congratulations, are are follows: Jacob Marten, Noank.
Nicholas Chester, Mystic. Michael Mendoza, Cape Verde Island.
Henry Fogarty, Marthas Vineyard. Jose Rodriguez, Funchal. Mr.
Marten, the second mate of the ‘'Endeavor,” states that only two boats
were lowered, the others having been stove by falling spars. The otheT
boat contained Captain Rankin and eight men and was lost to sight a
few moments after leaving the bark’s side. Franklin Jiishop, the first
mate, and Olaf Johnson, the carpenter, refused to leave the Vessel and
trust to the boats. After terrible hardships Mr. Marten’s boat reached
the Bouvets and after three months on those desolate rocks the men
were picked up by the Petrel. There can be little doubt that those in
the Captain's boat, as well u Mr. Bishop and the carpenter, per-
r-hsd-’'’--A. E. L.

CHAPTER II.

AS Winter approached, however, Olaf became
very sullen and morose, often talking to him-
self and wandering about the rocks, gesticul-
ating and acting strangely.

  I became afraid that the poor fellow would lose
his mind completely, and, as on many occasions he
turned upon me savagely, I was constantly on the
alert to protect myself. He had been a wonderful
help, for his skill with tools had enabled us to
build a comfortable house and without him I would
have fared badly indeed.

  It was several months after landing that in one
of his fits of wandering he fell among slippery
rocks and broke his thigh. I did not find him until
several hours after the accident, and twixt loss of
blood and the pain and the piercing cold, he was
past all human help and quite unconscious.

  I carried him to the hut and did all in my power
for my suffering shipmate, but it was useless. Early
the following morning he died, and with heavy
heart at the loss of my only companion, I carried
his body to a crevice in the hillside and covered it
well with stones and gravel, and over it placed
a small wooden cross on which I carved his name
and the date of his death.

  I now became most despondent, for I knew that
alone I could never hope to complete the boat we
had been working on, and that even if that were
possible I would be powerless to handle or navigate
it. I could see nothing but the endless winter and
utter loneliness before me, with ultimate death
through accident or madness, unless by some remote
chance a sail hove in sight.

  In my calmer moments I held to this slender hope
and tried to conjure up all the tales I had heard of
castaways living for years alone and yet being
rescued in the end. I had little fear of meeting with
an accident as long as I kept my mind, and I real-
ized that my greatest danger lay in going mad as
Olaf had done. To avoid this as much as possible
and to prevent my thoughts from dwelling on my
plight, I commenced taking long trips across the
hills in search of game, carrying a supply of am-
munition and a haversack filled with biscuit or
dried meat. On one of these tramps I had wandered
several miles from the hut and had reached the
summit of a good sized hill, from which I had a
wide view of the sea. Far down the shore I noticed
some object about which great flocks of sea fowl
were gathering, and thinking it a stranded whale or
sea elephant, I turned my steps towards the spot.
As I rounded a point of rocks and came within plain
sight of the object, I almost dropped in my tracks
from sheer amazement. Upon the beach before me
was a ship’s boat!

  I broke into a run, and panting, reached the craft
from which hundreds of mollymokes and other birds
rose screaming. Gaining the boat’s side I peered
within and recoiled in horror. Stretched upon the
thwarts and bottom were the bodies of six men,
their faces torn and mutilated by the sea birds. But
even in their ghastly state I knew them for Cap-
tain Rankin and my former shipmates of the En-
deavor. I reeled away, for the sight was sickening
and stunning, and seized with insane and unreas-
oning fright, I dropped my gun and dashed off
BEYOND THE POLE

585

across the rocks and hills, striving with might and
main to get as far from the gruesome boat as pos-
sible.

  At last I dropped from sheer exhaustion among
the rocks, but even then the shock was so great
that I hid my face and screamed and raved like a
madman until consciousness left me.

  How long I remained in that condition I cannot
say, for when at last I awoke to a knowledge of my
surroundings, I found myself wandering about amid
thick and thorny scrub on a steep hillside I had
never seen before. I was ravenously hungry and
thrust my hand into my haversack in search of
food, only to find it empty save for a few crumbs
of ship's bread. Seating myself on a nearby rock I
munched these eagerly and tried to collect my
thoughts and reason. I soon came to the conclusion
that I had been delirious for a long time, and dur-
ing my period of temporary madness, had wandered
far, for my haversack had been full when I first
sighted the boat and was now empty, and I reasoned
that I must have devoured my food during my un-
conscious wanderings. My watch had stopped, but
this mattered little, as for months I had been able
merely to guess at the time. A search of my pock-
ets failed to reveal my compass but I felt this was
no great loss at the time, for I had no doubt that,
by climbing a neighboring hill, I could make out
the sea and so find my way back to the hut, al-
though I confess that the mere thought of again
approaching the ghastly remains of my shipmates
filled me with most awful dread and caused me to
shudder violently.

  My tongue and throat were parched and dry and
the hard crumbs of biscuit added to my thirst, so I
at once commenced to push my way up the hillside
through the shrubbery. As I reached the top and
looked about, no gleaming bit of sea greeted my
eyes. On every side stretched rolling, round-topped
hills, each and all clothed in dull, brownish-gray
scrub, save just behind me, where the more distant
landscape was hidden from view by a higher range
of small mountains. Although my thirst was now
unbearable yet I knew that my one hope of finding
my way was to ascend the higher hill, and with
sinking heart and lagging footsteps, I started for
them. Slowly and painfully I climbed their rough
and rocky slopes, stopping often to rest and regain
my failing breath, but at last I stood upon their
crest and gazed anxiously about the horizon. For
a moment my head swam and a mist floated before
my eyes. Then my vision cleared and I saw before
me a long, sloping hillside covered with scattered
shrubs, while below and stretching far towards the
horizon, was a green and pleasant valley on whose
farther edge rose high and rugged mountains misty
■with distance. But though no water gladdened my
eyes, yet near at hand I saw a number of great birds
resembling penguins, and towards these I rapidly
made my way. They were stupid and fearless and
in a moment I had killed the first one I reached and
greedily drank its rick warm blood. This refreshed
me greatly, but feeling still hungry, I gathered a
quantity of eggs, which I ate raw, and feeling
drowsy made my way to a sheltered nook among the
rocks and fell into a deep and dreamless sleep.

  I awoke feeling strong but half famished, and at
once fell to on the helpless birds and their eggs. I

now considered my next step and as there evidently
was nothing to be gained by retracing my way I
decided to travel towards the valley where I judged
perhaps water might be found, for although the
blood and raw eggs had somewhat quenched my
thirst, yet the desire for water was overpowering.
As I did not know if I would find more birds farther
on, I laid in a good supply of flesh and eggs, and as
I noticed that my shoes were almost worn out, I
wrapped birds’ skins about my feet, binding them
in place with strips of the skin.

  I now noticed that these birds were not penguins,
as I had at first thought, nor in fact anything like
any birds I had even before seen. I judged there-
fore that I was far from the coast, but I was wholly
without means of ascertaining the dix-ection of the
sea or my position, for I had seen nothing of the
sun since finding the boat, although the days were
bright enough. As I thought on this its strange-
ness came to me and I also marveled that I was not
suffering from the cold. The more I thought of
these matters the more I wondered, for now that I
came to think of it, the weather was quite warm
and I had seen no snow or ice, even among the crev-
ices of the rocks. But I had other things to occupy
my attention, for my thirst for water and my desire
to escape from my surroundings filled my head to
the exclusion of all less pressing matters, as for
hour after hour I tramped on across the valley.
From the hilltop it had appeared clothed in soft
grass, but when I reached it I found to my sorrow
that the vegetation was thorny, pointed-leaf shrubs
whose tangled branches formed an almost impene-
trable jungle which made my progress painful and
slow beyond belief. I soon lost all sense of time or
direction, but toiled on towards the distant mount-
tains, eating the birds’ flesh and eggs when hungry
and at last sinking down to sleep when my tired
and torn flesh refused to carry me farther on my
way. Only by looking at the hills behind me could
I see that I had made any progress towards the
mountains, which seemed as distant as ever. But
gradually the hills grew dim in the distance, while
ahead, the mountains became more distinct and
great seams and patches of vegetation appeared up-
on their slopes. It was well for me that I had laid in
a supply of meat and eggs, for I saw no sign of life
on the dreary plain, except one great beast that ap-
peared like a gigantic lizard or iguana. In fact, so
monstrous was the creature, that I feared my brain
had gone adrift again and that it was but a vision
of delirium. The beast appeared more afraid of
me than I of him, however, and so little interest
did I have in anything save the desire for water and
to reach the farther side of the valley that I doubt
if I would have turned aside or would have fled even
though the devil himself had confronted me. Cer-
tain it is that the presence of this huge creature—
I would say he was forty feet in length—did not
prevent me from dropping off to sleep as usual that
night.

  At last my provisions became perilously low and
when finally I reached the bases of the mountains I
was reduced to two eggs, while my makeshift boots
were gone entirely and my garments were merely
a few dirty rags and shreds. To climb those rugged
mountains seemed utterly beyond my power, but I
noticed a sort of cut or ravine a half mile or so dis-
586

AMAZING STORIES

tant, and thinking this might be a pass through the
mountains, I dragged myself toward it. It was a
deep fissure and extended far up the mountain side
and while it made the climb a bit easier I soon
found that the task was far greater than I had ex-
pected, and only by the utmost efforts could I force
my way upward. But some unknown force or in-
stinct seemed to drag me on, and even when my last
egg had been devoured I did not despair, but strug-
gled and found my way, foot by foot, over the rocks
and boulders and through patches of low scrub, un-
til almost fainting from hunger and thirst, I came
to another colony of the strange birds. On these I
feasted until satisfied, and while resting and tying
more of the bird-skins on my bruised and swollen
feet, I found time to give some thought to my sur-
roundings.

  I had often heard of the theory of a vast Antarc-
tic continent, and although I of course knew that
Shackleton had found the South Pole, still I was
now convinced that I had passed the pole and was
on this unknown land.

  But the fact that the weather was warm puzzled
me immensely, while quite beyond my understand-
ing was the fact that I had seen no glimpse of the
sun on my long tramp across the plain. No theory,
however wild and impossible, would account ~Yor
this, for it was not dark but as bright as any Ant-
arctic day, and neither could I understand how, es-
pecially without the sun, I could feel comfortably
warm. At last, giving up the puzzle in despair, I
gathered up my load of birds and eggs and once
more started on.

  And here it may be well to explain why I was
able to think upon such matters, which are usually
beyond, the mind of a sailor, and how, as will be
seen later, I happened to have a knowledge of many
matters, such as science, mechanics and similar
things of which the sailor or whaleman, as a rule,
knows nothing. For several years I had been an of-
ficer on one of the ships of the United States Fish
Commission, and from the scientists engaged in
deep sea research I had learned a great deal about
natural history which interested me always, and
learning for the first time that specimens of animal
life, minerals and plants had a cash value, I secured
a commission from one of the museums to collect
specimens on my whaling voyages to distant parts
of the world. This led me to study works on science,
and through long Arctic nights, I filled my brain
with all manner of knowledge relating to geology,/
zoology, botany and other similar matters.

  Also, I had always been fond of mechanics, and
as the whaling industry waned ahd the demand for
sailors decreased in the merchant service, I bent my
energies to acquiring a knowledge of machinery
so that I might secure a berth on some steam or
motor-propelled craft. In doing this I became ab-
sorbed in the matter and found vast interest in
reading all manner of books and magazines treating
of the latest inventions and discoveries in the me-
chanical world. Of course I had little practical
knowledge of these things, but the theories were
fixed in my mind, and as it proved later, were of
great value to me.

  But to resume my narrative. Long and weary
as my tramp across the plain had been, tenfold
worse was the never ending upward climb towards

the cloud-piercing summits of the mountains. My
days were measured only by my waking moments,
for the light never ceased, and my labor was only
marked by long periods of panting, heartbreaking
toil and periods of deep sleep, and while, to keep
some sort of track of the hours, I had started my
watch, yet this gave me no real time, but merely
served to let my Enow how long I slept and how long
I toiled upwards. Five days of this labor had again
worn my makeshift footgear to pieces and had re-
duced my provisions to my last egg, when I reached
the summit of the mountains, and falling exhausted
upon the bare and wind-swept rocks, looked down
upon the farther side.

  At my first glance my heart gave a great throb
of joy and I thanked heaven that I had been led on
to the summit. Spreading from the base of the
mountains was a wide level plain covered with rich
and verdant green, while far away, gleaming like
silver in the bright light, stretched a vast expanse;
of water.

  Forgetting my sore, torn feet and my utter ex-
haustion, I rose and dashed forward down the slope.
Stumbling over boulders, tripped by vines and
shrubs, falling, sliding and scrambling, I reached
the bottom in a few hours and dashed into the lux-
uriant grass that rose higher than my head. Here
my strength failed me, and falling upon the earth,
I felt utterly unable to rise again.

  Presently I heard a slight rustling sound in the
grass near me, and glancing up, beheld a strange
animal staring at me in wonder, but evidently with-
out the least fear. Thinking only to secure some-
thing to eat I managed to stagger to my feet and
started towards the animal. I had no weapon ex-
cept my knife, but the beast stood his ground until
I was within a few feet when, by a sudden spring,
I reached his side, and driving my knife into his(
throat, brought him down. In my famished state
his blood and raw, warm meat were as welcome as
the daintiest food, and having satisfied myself, I
fell asleep beside his partially devoured carcass.

  Several hours later I awoke, feeling much strong-
er, and looked more closely at the beast whose fort-
unate appearance had saved my life. I found hinS
to be a sort of huge rat or mouse—although I had
at first mistaken him for a small deer—and my
stomach turned a bit at the thought that I had
actually eaten his flesh. I now became conscious of
a peculiar quality in the air that I had not noticed
before. At first I was puzzled to account for it,
but gradually I realized that the light had become
intensely blue instead of white or yellow. It was
like looking through a blue-tinted glass, and for the
first time I noticed that my hands and knife and
even the face of my watch, appeared bluish and
strange. My longing for water, however, was too
great to allow me to give mueh thought to the matter
and turning from the dead animal—for hungry a3
I was I could not force myself to eat more of him—i
started on in the direction of the water I had seen
from the mountain top. The grass grew close and
was very dry and gave off a dusty, choking material
or pollen which filled my eyes, nose and mouth and
each moment increased my thirst and dried and
blistered my aching, parched throat; But gradually
the grass became thinner and now and then I caught
glimpses of small creatures ahd birds that fled be-
BEYOND THE POLE

587

fore me, while the ground under my feet became
less dry and parched, until presently, the damp,
sweet smell of water reached me. A moment later
I burst through the last of the grass and saw be-
fore me a sandy beach lapped by tiny waves whose
sound was the most welcome thing I had ever heard.
Rushing across the beach, I threw myself face
down at the water’s edge with a sickening fear
that the water might be salt. But my first taste
reassured me, and burying my face and hands in
the waves, I drank until I felt sick and nauseated,
when, crawling up the beach on all fours, I drew
myself into the shelter of the grass and lost con-
sciousness.

CHAPTER 3.

SLOWLY I opened my eyes and as I did so I
screamed aloud with terror and wonder.
Standing over me was a fearsome, terrible
creature. That he was not a man I knew at my first
glance, and yet, there was something that resembled
a man about him, but so terribly monstrous, weird
and incredible, so utterly inhuman, that I felt sure
I must be dreaming or out of my senses. He or it
was fully eight feet in height, standing on two legs
like a man, and seemingly clad from head to foot in
some soft, downy material that glistened with a
thousand colors, like the throat of a humming bird
or the tints on a soap bubble. Above the shoulders
was a large, elongated, pointed head with a wide
mouth and a long, pointed snout. From the fore-
head projected long stalks or horns and on the tip
of each of these was an unwinking, gleaming eye
like the eyes of a crab. In place of eyebrows two
long, slender, jointed, fleshy tentacles drooped down
over the creature’s shoulders, while the ears were
long, soft and pendulous like those of a hound.
There was no hair upon the head, but instead, a
number of brilliant, shining scales or plates, lap-
ping one over the other from the forehead to the
nape of the neck.

  No wonder I was horrified and startled at this
apparition and as I gazed upon the thing and saw
that it possessed three pairs of long, many-jointed
arms, I shrieked again at the monstrosity of it. At
my cry and my terrified actions, the creature raised
one hand in a reassuring gesture and I was further
horrified to see that in place of fingers the arm end-
ed in a mass of delicate various-shaped appendages
of several sizes, that reminded me of the soft legs
on the belly of a crawfish or shrimp. I shrank away
as far as possible, but the being seemed to smile,
his stalked eyes drew back into his head and he ut-
tered some strange sounds in a low, soft tone which
I judge were words of greeting or reassurance, al-
though to my ears they meant nothing.

  Finding I did not respond—for I was still too
dazed and frightened to utter a sound—the thing
stooped and extended a small object towards me. It
resembled a ship’s biscuit in form and size and as
I hesitated to take it the creature pointed to his
own mouth and nodded, evidently meaning I was
to eat it. I had no difficulty in grasping this mean-
ing and famished as I was, rather hesitatingly
took the object and greedily devoured it. In taste
it was slightly sweet with a rather pleasant arom-
atic flavor and I at once signed my desire for more.
My weird friend, for I now knew that despite his

fearful appearance the creature was well disposed'
towards me, handed me two more of the biscuits
and as he did so I had a chance to look more closely
at his hands. They were truly remarkable. Each
of the dozen or more finger-like digits was of a dis-
tinct form and size. Some were large, strong and
blunt; others slender and pointed; others with pin-
cer-like tips, while still others were divided at the
extremities into several filaments almost as fine as
hairs. Marvelous and repulsive as they seemed, yet
I could not help realizing even then what wonder-
ful work such hands might accomplish if they were
controlled by intelligence and muscles as perfect as
man’s, and yet my wildest ideas of such things fell
far short of the reality.

  Seating himself, or I might say, sprawling him-
self, beside me, the thing watched me munch the
biscuit and I in turn gazed at him with the utmost
curiosity, as I had now partially overcome my dread.
I now saw that what I had mistaken for clothing
was in reality a growth upon the skin, a material
something like wool and yet something like feathers.
The feet, too, I found were as strange as the rest
of the body or the hands, for in place of toes, they
bore round-tipped digits covered with saucer-shaped
suckers like those upon the tentacles of an octopus
or squid.

  Undoubted I was as great a marvel to him as he
was to me, for I could see that his surprise at my
appearance was tremendous. His long flexible feel-
ers rose and fell about me—though not touching
me for which I was thankful—his eyes turned and
moved up and down as he looked me over from head
to foot, and presently, realizing I no longer feared
him, he extended one hand and very gently passed
it over my clothing. I shuddered at the first touch,
but as one of the appendages or fingers touched my
flesh and I found it soft and warm and not cold or
clammy as I had expected, my revulsion became
less. Still the sensation of being handled or touched
by the horribly formed thing was creepy and I had
to use all my will to avoid drawing back. Evident-
ly he was greatly surprised at the result of his
examination and gazed at me more intently than
ever, meanwhile uttering low, strange words or
sounds that reminded me of the purring of a cat
with a little of the rasping, metallic sound of a
cricket.

  Presently, seeing I had eaten the last of the
biscuits, the creature rose to his two hind feet,
folded two other pairs of limbs under his body, and
beckoning with the fourth pair, or as I might call
them, his arms, made me understand that I was to
follow him. Filled with curiosity to know what
wonders lay before me, and feeling sure the crea-
ture was friendly and peaceable, I also rose and to
my amazement found that all my health and
strength had returned in a most miraculous man-
ner. I was as refreshed, light hearted and free
from aches, soreness or pain as ever in my life and
as I walked with springy, buoyant steps after the
weird being my mind was filled with wonder.
Surely, I thought, the three small biscuits could
not have stayed my ravenous appetite and given
me such strength, and yet there was no other way
to account for it. But whatever the reason, my
troubles were over for the present. I had water in
plenty before me, the creature leading the way
588

AMAZING STORIES

across the beach could provide food, and whatever
the future might hold or wherever I might be, I
would not die of thirst or starvation, while the in-
credible giant was friendly and apparently wished
to help me.

  I had no doubt that he was leading me to some
house or settlement, and I was filled with curiosity
to see what manner of creatures dwelt in this
strange land. That they would be most interesting I
felt sure, for I knew that, hitherto, the Antarctic
had been thought uninhabited by man, and I wond-
ered if they would resemble Eskimos, Indians or
South Sea Islanders. That they should have dom-
esticated such strangely weird creatures as the
being who was guiding me, proved not only that
they were intelligent, but that I might expect other
and perhaps even greater surprises, while the fact
that this monstrosity was so kindly and well dis-
posed assured me that his masters would treat me
with consideration. It was all very dream-like, and
had it not been for my ragged garments, my thorn-
torn and bruised flesh and my sore feet I should
have felt sure that it was all a figment of my over-
wrought brain, for it was almost too incredible to
be true. I had set out from the desolate, forbidding
shores of the Antarctic within a few degrees of the
South Pole, and here I was in a land as mild and
pleasant as New England in June; the sea—or what
I took to be the sea—was fresh pure water; the bril-
liant sunshine, which should not have existed at all
in this spot, was pale blue instead of white; and
before me strode a creature such as no mortal man
had ever seen save in some nightmare or the deliri-
um of fever or drink; while to me, at the time, the
most incredible thing of all was the fact that after
eating three small, dry biscuits I had regained all
my strength and felt as fresh—with the exception
of my blistered feet—as ever in my life.	__

  We had walked along the beach for some time,
and I was beginning to wonder how much farther
we must travel, when we rounded a bend and I saw
a peculiar object resting on the sand a few yards
ahead of us. It was about fifty feet in length, about
ten feet in diameter, cylindrical and with pointed
ends, resembling in a way a gigantic cigar. In the
bluish light it shone with the brilliant lustre of
metal, but with a peculiar purplish sheen that was
unlike any metal I had ever seen. As we approached
this object, I halted in my tracks with gaping
mouth and staring, incredulous eyes. A door had
opened in the affair, and from the aperture, two
more of the weirdly horrible looking creatures had
appeared. In every detail they were exactly like my
guide, except that one was mueh smaller and was
covered with a pale, pinkish coat of down or feath-
ers, or whatever the material might be called. In-
stantly, I was aware of a peculiar, vibrating, hum-
ming sound and noticed that my companion’s feelers
or antennae had risen erect above his head and were
moving slowly, gracefully back and forth, as were
the feelers of the two other creatures; but no word
or sound that could be thought speech issued from
any of the three.

  A moment later we were beside the great, cylin-
drical object and the two beings who had been with-
in it were gazing at me with the greatest wonder
and interest. Their stalked eyes were moving this
Way and that, studying me from head to foot; their

feelers were vibrating with excitement; their lop-
ears were waving like the ears of an elephant, and
presently, with queer, low sounds from their lips,
they stretched out their jointed limbs and rather
hesitatingly and cautiously touched my garments
with their many digited hands or feet, whichever
they might be called.

  I was, I admit, most uneasy and not a little
frightened and had a peculiar sense of repulsion as
the creatures approached close to me and their
tentacles played about my face and their soft finger-
like extremities caressed my tattered clothing.
But I knew that for the present at least I had no
real cause for alarm, for they seemed really gentle
creatures. But if my readers—provided this
manuscript ever finds a reader—can imagine stand-
ing beside three immense crayfish larger than any
giant of a dime museum, they can perhaps, in a
measure, realize the sensations that went over me.

  Even so I found myself wondering if the huge
cylinder before me was the dwelling of these weird
things, if it was a sort of shell-like house, and if
the three were the only denizens of this unknown
land, or if there were more of their kind. But I
instantly dismissed the thought. They were merely
strangely developed, remarkably intelligent beasts
and it was inconceivable that they should have con-
structed the metallic affair from which they had
emerged. In fact, the presence of this convinced
me that there were human beings not far distant
and that the creatures beside me were merely
guarding the metallic object and awaiting their
master’s return. Moreover, the fact that this huge,
metal, cigar-like thing was there proved beyond
doubt that the men who dwelt in the land were no
primitive savages, but intelligent and civilized, al-
though what the purpose of the thing was was
quite beyond me. Possibly, I thought, it was some
sort of boat—for it looked much like one of the
floats to a metal life raft—perhaps a submarine;
but there were no signs of rudders, fins, propellers
or other external fittings on its smooth surface, and
aside from the door or port from which the two
creatures had emerged, no opening or aperture in
the metal as far as I could see.

  But, I had little time for thought on such mat-
ters. Their first curiosity satisfied, my guide ges-
tured for me to follow, and entered the big cylinder
with the other two following in my footsteps.
Scarcely knowing what to expect, I passed through
the door and glanced about. I was in a long room
or hallway illuminated by a strange luminous glow
and an exclamation of the utmost amazement
escaped my lips as I discovered that the walls of
the cylinder were as transparent as glass. Stand-
ing there, I could see the beach, the stretch of
water, the green fringe of grass and bushes, as
clearly as though I were in the open air and yet
from without, the interior of the contrivance had
been utterly invisible.

  This was astounding enough, but before I could
fully appreciate the wonder of it, there were more
bewildering matters to fill my brain. The interior
held no machinery, the only fittings in sight being
couch-like benches, rugs or carpets and an affair at
one end which at first glance I took to be a buffet or
bar, for it bore a number of shining metallic and
glass-like utensils. Above and behind it was a
BEYOND THE POLE

'589

panel or rectangle covered with strange dials and
instruments, and as we entered and the door closed
behind us with a slight metallic clink, the creature
who had first found me approached this buffet-like
arrangement. Reaching out his arms, he moved
certain things upon the panel, with his other limbs
he touched the utensils on the piece of furniture
before him. Instantly, there was a strange musical
humming which rose swiftly to a whirring sound,
like the muffled noise of machinery and glancing
through the transparent sides of the cylinder, I
was dumbfounded to see the beach and the water
swiftly dropping from beneath us. For a moment
I could not understand and then, with a shock at
the discovery, I realized that we were mounting up-
ward with incredible speed. Within the space of a
few seconds we were several hundred feet above the
beach and the next instant my bewildered senses
grasped the fact that we were hurtling through the
air like a bullet from a rifle.

   Almost before I knew it the beach and the grassy
plain beyond it were dim in the distance, the faintly
outlined waves upon the water seemed to rush back-
ward and yet there was not the least movement ap-
preciable within the transparent cylinder, and al-
though I could see the entire interior from where I
stood, there was no sign of machinery, no hint of
engines, of whirring wheels or shafts. It was ab-
solutely impossible and incredible. Within a cigar-
shaped cylinder, which even if made of aluminum
would have weighed tons, I was being hurled
through space by invisible means controlled by the
indescribably strange creatures beside me.

   I peered ahead, for I knew that we must be bound
for some definite goal, and saw land rising rapidly
into view upon the horizon. Each second it became
clearer, a low shore backed by hills deliciously green
and bathed in the blue light that flooded everything.
And as the land grew rapidly more distinct, bright,
shining dots appeared among the greenery and pre-
sently, above the water’s edge, an immense town or
city lay spread. At the speed at which we were
traveling we would be there within fifteen minutes,
and as I glanced to right and left, I saw a score of
craft similar to the one I was in, all rushing through
the air like monstrous, gleaming cannon shells.
Like streaks of light they crossed our path above or
below us; to right and left they passed. Some were
tiny things scarcely ten feet in length; others
gigantic affairs several hundred feet in length, but
all moving noiselessly, with incredible speed, driven
by some unseen, incomprehensible, terrific power.
Below us, now, the water was dotted with the
strange vessels, their shimmering hulls, if such I
may call them, resting on the surface or skittering
along slowly and leaving foamy wakes across the
little waves. Then we were dropping, descending
as lightly as a bit of thistle down, and almost
under my feet I saw the outlying buildings of the
town. So rapidly did we drop that at the time I
had no chance to note the form or details of the
buildings, except to see that they were of strange
design and color, but even in our swift fall, in that
space of a few seconds, I saw that the inhabitants,
the beings who thronged the .streets, were no hu-
mans, but one and all the same grotesque, mon-
strous creatures as those beside me.

CHAPTER 4,

SHOCKED as I was at this discovery I saw that:
our arrival had been noticed, and that froirj
every side, hurrying down the streets, swarm-
ing out of buildings, the creatures were rushing
in a close packed mass towards a clear, open space
like a broad level field which I judged was our
landing place. The next moment our strange air-
ship was at rest, and filled with unreasoning dread,
trembling at thought of facing; that horde of mon-
sters, I followed my guides or captors, which ever
they were, through the door and stepped upon tho
firm earth once more. All about the borders of
the field, which I now saw was covered with cradle*
like structures like the one in which our craft
rested, the stalk-eyed, misshapen beings had gath-
ered, a maze of swaying, undulating antennae, of
tall, pointed, scale-covered heads and irridescent
bodies; but not one attempted to approach or to
pass within the boundaries of the landing place.

  Hardly had I noticed this, and wondered at it,
when from one side a group of the monsters stepped
out. At first glance they seemed no different from
the others, but as they drew close I saw that they
were of a totally different color, being a peculiar
violet-blue, and that two pairs of their limbs or
arms ended in enormous, vicious-looking claws or
nippers like those of a lobster. Even as I noticed
this they reached us and I shuddered as I thought
of how easily the creatures could crush and tear
me to bits with those fearful pincers with their
serrated teeth.

  But for the present the claws were at rest and
closed and their owners made no hostile movement.
Forming on either side of my guides and myself,
they marched beside us, and before them the crowd
fell back, leaving an open lane through which we
passed.

  Before us were buildings, and for the first time,
I obtained a clear view of the structures and gaped,
almost as astonished at their appearance as I had
been at the monstrous forms of their owners. From
high in air they had seemed low, massive structures
with nothing particularly remarkable about them,
but now, close at hand I saw that they were unlike
anything I had ever seen, although in a vague way
they reminded me of gigantic igloos. Windowless
they rose like domes of dull-gray above the earth,
the only apertures in their walls, dark, yawning’
arched doorways towards one of which my guards
were marching. As we entered the portal my pass-
ing glance showed me that the affairs were not of
mud or clay as I had thought at first, but were
constructed of small stones and pebbles cemented
together with some hard tenacious material giving
them the effect of being hewn from coarse pudding
stone, or as I believe geologists call it, conglomerate
rock.

  The next instant we were within the entrance and
were descending a steep incline. So sharp was thei
slope that the skin coverings on my feet slipped,
my feet shot out from under me and with a startled
cry I went sliding and rolling through the semi-
darkness like a bale of cargo down a chute. How
far I might have gone or where I might have
brought up I cannot say, for with incredible agility*
two of the monsters overtook me and with theiij
590

AMAZING STORIES

•weird limbs—which made me shudder as they
touched me—brought me to a halt and helped me to
my feet.

  Despite the confusion and my predicament I had
noticed that the creatures, when in a hurry, ran
along on all fours, or rather I might say on all
eights, and I realized that the sucker-like disks on
their feet enabled them to navigate the steep pas-
sage without the least danger of slipping.

  No doubt my mishap seemed very amusing to
the strange beings, but no sounds of merriment
came from them and to this moment I have never
heard anything that remotely resembled a laugh
or chuckle issue from the mouths of the creatures.

  The whole affair, yes, everything that had occur-
red since I had seen the castaway boat with the
corpses of my dead shipmates, was so dreamlike, so
nightmarish that, try as I might, I could not con-
vince myself that I was awake and that the strange
events were actually taking place and that the be-
ings,—intelligent, reasoning, possessing powers
and mechanical devices beyond anything dreamed
of by man, and yet mere beasts or creatures of a
lower order—really existed and were not the crea-
tions of a disordered or wandering mind. But my
fall was very real and as the creatures aided me to
rise and I ruefully rubbed my bruised and barked
limbs I knew that the tumble at least was no delir-
ium. Indeed, I think that my mishap was the most
convincing thing that had occurred. It is really
strange how little, unimportant, every day matters
are often of so much greater importance in our lives
than great events, and all that I had undergone had
failed to impress me as much, or to bring so vividly
to my mind, the marvelous situation in which I
found myself as that tumble on the steep incline
leading through the darkness to the interior of
some subterranean chamber.

  At the time, however, I had little opportunity to
give much thought to such matters. Before me a
dull light shone, and a moment later, we emerged
from the passage and entered a huge, round cham-
ber. Although, at my first sight of the place, I
did not take in the details, it may be as well to
describe it at this point of my narrative. The floor
was smooth, white and seemed made of some lumin-
ous material; the walls glowed with dull light, and
the high, domed ceiling appeared as if of glass with
brilliant bluish light streaming through it.

  About the walls was a low bench or shelf-like ar-
rangement covered with what appeared to be cush-
ions; scattered about were curiously shaped chairs
or stools, and in the centre, was a sort of raised
dais or platform on which were several more seats
and a desk-like arrangement covered with dials and
instruments, much like the affair I had already
seem in the airship and by means of which the
creatures handled the craft. Upon the bench about
the walls, and seated on the other stools, were
several dozen of the beings to whom I was now be-
coming accustomed. In a general way they were
precisely like my guards and the creature I had
first met upon the distant beach, but in details
they were different. In fact, no two were exactly
alike, although it was not until long afterward that
I learned to distinguish the various differences,
some of which were very minute. They were of
all colors, from white to nearly black, although all

had the same peculiar metallic sheen I had already
noted, and all likewise possessed eight limbs, the
long-stalked eyes and the antennae. Already I
had been impressed with the striking resemblance
the creatures bore to giant crawfish, but now, as
I gazed about the huge chamber, I had the feel-
ing that I was surrounded by huge crustaceans
possessed of intelligent, reasoning brains. Pos-
sibly I cannot convey to my readers—if by the
will of God this narrative ever reaches human
beings—-the weirdly impossible, dreamlike and
in a way, horrible sensations that swept over
me as I stared at the scaly heads, the slowly
moving stalked eyes, the waving, undulating
antennae and the eight jointed limbs of these be-
ings and realized that here in this strange land
beyond the South Pole evolution had proceeded in
a very amazing and very different manner to that
which had taken place in the world of men. Years
before I had read, among my other books, a work
by Darwin on evolution and the survival of the
fittest. Although I had never fully accepted the
idea that mankind had descended or ascended from
some monkey-like ancestor, still I could understand
how it might be possible, and I had been convinced
that man, as well as other members of the animal
kingdom, had developed from other more primitive
forms. And now, as I stood within the illuminated
chamber, it suddenly dawned upon my mind that
the creatures among whom my lot had been cast
actually proved Darwin’s theory. Here before me
and all about me were beings no whit less intelligent
than human beings; creatures who had conquered
space and time with incredible aircraft; beings who
could converse without words and who, I later found,
were far in advance of man, and yet who bore not
the remotest resemblance to humans. To put the
matter in a few words; just as men resemble highly
developed and advanced apes, so these beings re-
sembled crustaceans. If the human race had been
evolved from some ape-like creature, then beyond
the shadow of a doubt, these creatures had been
evolved from some lobster-like ancestor. The dis-
covery came to me as a shock. So accustomed are
we to think that intelligent, reasoning, civilized
beings must be moulded in human form that it
rather dazed me to find that the mere form of
body and limbs had nothing to do with it; that the
mere chance that man’s ancestors had been apes or
ape-like had led to the physical appearance of hu-
man beings, and that, had some other form of life
been the fittest to survive and had gone through
ages of evolution, our world might have been peo-
pled by insects, reptiles or any other creatures as
progressive, intelligent and highly civilized as
ourselves.

  Here before me was the proof of this. Here
evolution had proceeded from cold-blooded, spineless
crustaceans, and the result was these shrimp-like
giants, possessing powers beyond my own or those
of mankind. Of course, at the time, the full signi-
ficance of the matter did not come to me, but as
time passed and I learned how immeasurably be-
yond man these creatures had advanced I became
more and more convinced that the accident of the
origin of the human race had been an unfortunate
rather than a fortunate thing for the world and
that, had we been evolved from ants, say, we would
BEYOND THE POLE

591

have been much farther along the road to highest
attainments.

  But I am digressing. At the time I was really
more impressed by the curious discoveries I made
than by thoughts on evolution. One of the first
things I noticed, and which oddly enough had quite
escaped me hitherto, was the fact that the creatures
possessed tails. These were broad, flat affairs com-
posed of overlapping plates or scales and which
usually remained folded like fans. This no doubt
was the reason they had escaped my notice, for
being of the same color and texture as the rest
of the bodies, I had taken them for ornamental
pendant affairs, portions of the garments which I
had thought the things wore, for I had not yet dis-
covered that the feather-like covering of their bodies
was a natural growth.

  Now, however, I saw that when seated the tails
stuck stiffly out behind the creatures, or in some
cases were cui’led around to one side, and that they
moved to and fro, opening and shutting in a most
fascinating manner. Some I noted also, were far
larger than others, and, later, I learned to disting-
uish the males and females by the form and size
of their tails.

   Of course all this which has taken so much time
to write down occupied but a few instants and my
eyes, having swept about the chamber, turned to
the dais in the center and the creatures who were
seated upon it.

   These were taller, more slender and more brilliant
in color than the others. Their heads were higher,
broader and rounder; their antennse were longer
and their eyes, borne on long stalks like the others;
seemed to me to have a more intelligent expression,
if indeed, such hard, cold, unwinking orbs were
capable of expression of any sort.

  By intuition I knew that they were leaders or
rulers and that I was being brought before them,
and somehow this almost human proceedure of be-
ing led by armed guards before a tribunal sur-
rounded by a curious crowd struck me as both
ludicrous and amazing.

  That I was in danger never occurred to me.
Possibly it was because I had been through so much
that I was callous of danger, or perhaps it was be-
cause man instinctively looks down upon inferior
races or creatures; but whatever the reason, al-
though I was fully aware that I was at their mercy,
I felt no fear but rather was filled with interest and
curiosity as to what would occur. Indeed, I felt
precisely as I have felt when, in dreams, I have
been dragged before a court to be tried for my life
on some ridiculous charge, and knowing I might be
condemned to death, yet I felt no dread of the re-
sults, owing to a peculiar subconscious conviction
that I would escape harm and would awaken before
the actual execution took place.

   Also, I was filled with a curiosity as to how the
hearing was to be conducted, for while there was no
doubt that the creatures could converse readily
among themselves, their words, or whatever means
they used, were inaudible to me, and when they
uttered sounds, as they did at times, the almost
metallic noises were uttely unintelligible.

  But I had far underestimated the uncanny, in-
credible powers of the creatures. Suddenly I was
aware, as one beoomes aware of some unseen person

gazing at one in a crowd, that I was being question-
ed. I cannot describe the sensation, cannot make
it clear. There was no sound, nothing to tell me
that my ears were receiving any message, and as a
matter of fact they were not.

  And yet my brains, or some unknown sense, was
receiving a message, questions which, could they
be put into word, might have been been expressed
as “Who are you ? Whence do you come? What is
your purpose?”

  Was I dreaming, losing my senses, going mad
from my past hardships and my amazing adven-
tures? And then, almost unconsciouly, I found my-
self replying to the inaudible queries. I was trying
to explain how I had been shipwrecked, how I had
wandered across the mountains and had come to
this land, and that my only purpose was, if pos-
sible, to return to ray own countiy.

  And as I thus responded to the uncanny question
entering my brain without audible sounds, I knew
from the actions of the strange beings that my
replies had been understood. Their antennse waved
and trembled excitedly. They turned their stalked
eyes and gazed at one another and at myself, and
they even uttered the queer metallic sounds which
always denoted great excitement.

  It had been astounding enough to discover that
the creatures could make themselves understood
by some occult, uncanny power; but to find that I
could make my thoughts clear to them was almost
beyond reason. How had it been accomplished?
How was it possible for me, a totally different be-
ing from another world, to understand these strange
creatures? And what was still more astonishing,
more inexplicable yet, how had I been able to trans-
fer my thoughts to their brains? Was it some
weird, undreamed-of method of mental telepathy,
hypnotism or what? Even if they possessed some
power, some unknown means of making me under-
stand them, I certainly had no such power. And
yet I was convinced that I had made myself clear
to them, or at my rate had managed to reply in
some fashion to their queries.

  And the next instant my belief was confirmed.
Once more, in my brain, questions were being
registered, questions as intelligible as though I had
heard the words spoken in English. I was being
asked about “my world,” questioned as to details
of ray journey, as to whether there were more be-
ings like myself and various other matters.

  Almost before I realized it, I was replying and,
as I could see by the manner of my strange hosts,
my words were heard and understood. It is of no
use to describe at length the entire interview that
followed or to repeat it word for word. It is enough
for my purpose to state that my story was as un-
believable and as impossible to them as they and
their powers seemed to me. I had appeared from
nowhere, a strange, and to them misshapen being,
a creature unlike anything they had ever imagined,
and I found myself trying to explain, floundering
about, trying to make clear matters which to me
were most everyday and ordinary things, but to
them were so far beyond their comprehension that
they were utterly incapable of grasping them.

  It was like trying to explain trigonometry or
navigation to a small child or to make clear the
principles and operation of some complicated ma-
592	AMAZING STORIES

chine to a savage. And yet this comparison is not
the right one, for strange as it may seem, the
creatures were quite capable of understanding the
most intricate mechanical devices and scientific
matters, although the fact that there were other
intelligent beings- in the world, or that for that
matter there was any world except their own coun-
try, was utterly beyond them.

  Of course I did not learn this and did not at-
tempt to converse with them on such matters at
this first interview. Our talk, for regardless of
the fact that they did not speak I must call it a
talk, was confined to the most simple matters.
But as the weeks, months and years passed
and I remained, as I still remain, among them, I
tried to tell them of human life and the world 1 had
known and of all manner of things which differed
from their own strange ways and existence.

  Gradually, too, I became adept at conversing with
them by their uncanny means, which, I found
later, was nothing supernatural, magical nor so
very mysterious after all. It was accomplished in
fact by vibrating waves sent through the air, some-
thing after the manner in which sound waves are
sent, and which were produced by one pair of the
creatures’ antenme and were caught and heard by
another pair.*

CHAPTER 5.

IT was soon evident to me that even if the
weird creatures could not fully grasp or under-
stand the tale I related, still they believed it,
or at least considered that it explained my presence
in their land. Possibly they thought me a harm-
less lunatic, or again they may have decided I was
a supernatural being, or maybe I was such a curi-
osity or monstrosity in their eyes that I was re-
garded as a valuable specimen. At any rate, what-
ever the reason, they decided that I was not to be
harmed, and in fact was to be well treated, for my
armed guards were dispersed and I was given to
understand,—I would say told but for the fact that
no words were spoken—that the being who had
first found me on the sand was to be my companion
and that he would attend to all my wants. My
first and most pressing want was food, for I was
once more ravenously hungry and the council oi’
court and onlookers having left the chamber, though

(Nate by Dr. Lynian)

   “Mr. Bishop had of course never heard of radio-tejcphony. I am of
the opinion that the beings among whom he found himself had discover-
ed and perfected some form of radio waves_ by means of which inielli
gihle messages could be transmitted from mind to mind without audible
sounds. Ip other words, the unspoken thoughts could be transmitted on
high frequency waves or on some form of waves akin to electro-map*
netic waves. As is well known today, scientists have reason to believe
that the lower animals possess a somewhat simflar power and can re-
ceive and understand certain waves of which we have no knpwledge—
perhaps the missing ‘waves that in length lie between heat waves and
radio waves. It is also believed by many scientists that it is by some
such means that pigeons, dogs, cats and even toads find their way home
across unknown spaces and for immense distances, and that migratory
birds fly unerringly from place to place. Recent investigations have
also led to the conclusion that insects and crustaceans converse or at
least communicate with one another, by means of waves produced by
and received by tbeir antennae. If this be so, then the highly developed
and specialized crustaceans who inhabit the strange land described by
Mr. Bishop might well have possessed a similar power earned to the »th

   C/bsuming this were s», then there would have been no mystery as to
J-ow they understood him or he them, for while spoken words vary
with language the thoughts or brain impressions that words express
must be identical regardless of spoken dialects or racial differences.
Indeed, as will be seen later, Mr. Bishop’s discoveries, as he relates
them, bear out this logical conclusion. It is also highly probable that
all the mechanism of the airships and other contrivances of these
strange beings were actuated by waves similar to our elcctro-magnetic
waves.”—A. E. L.

lingering and gazing at me most curiously, I ex-
pressed my wishes to my strange companion. Im-
mediately he led me through dark passageways
to a smaller room and there left me for a moment,
returning with a bowl-like vessel containing some
liquid and a beautifully devised casket or box filled
with the biscuits such as he had given me upon the
beach.

  I devoured three of these and was about to eat
the fourth when the creature, who had been watch-
ing me intently, called a halt and by the same
strange brain message method warned me that I
must be satisfied and that to partake of more might
lead to grave results. I confess I was greatly
tempted to disregard his warning, for there seemed
no more sustenance in the stuff than in a dry
cracker, but I remembered what a miraculous effect
those I had eaten on the beach had had, and re-
luctantly replacing the wafer I drank a deep draught
of the liquid. It was as clear and colorless as water,
for which I had taken it, but as it passed my lips
I almost dropped the bowl in surprise, for the
beverage was the most delightful and refreshing
thing I had ever tasted. It was neither sweet nor
sour, but had a taste absolutely impossible to des-
cribe. Indeed, there are many things in this strange
land which I am at a loss to describe in such a way
that those who have not seen or experienced them
can understand my meaning. Colors existed which
were quite different from anything I had ever
seen; there were sounds totally new to my ears and
tastes that no words can describe.

  Scarcely had the beverage passed my lips when I
felt rejuvenated. No wine or liquor could have
had such a remarkable effect. Not that it was
heady or exhilarating like liquor, for my head re-
mained perfectly clear, but I felt years younger. I
seemed as strong and fresh as a youth of twenty
and felt ready for anything. Then a delightful
drowsiness came over me, and throwing myself
on the couch, I instantly dropped off to a dreamless
slumber.

  I was aroused by the being who had me in charge
as he entered the chamber bearing food and drink.
As I munched the wafer-like biscuits, which were
of a different character from those I had eaten the
previous day, I tried my best to communicate with
him. Or rather, I might say, to carry on a con-
versation, for he very evidently understood all that
I said. Moreover, as on the preceding day, I was
able to understand him. But the difficulty was that
we had so little in common that it was almost im-
possible to converse at any length. However, he
made it known that I was free to go and come as I
pleased and that I was considered an honored guest
from some other sphere, and I was vastly amused
when he wished to know if I had dropped from the
sky. Evidently the creatures knew nothing of a
country beyond the mountain barrier, and in vain
I endeavored to explain how I had come over the
mountains and to tell of the world on the other side.
To him such a thing was incredible, as unbelievable
as his land would have been to me before I had seen
it. Then, after much trouble, he told me—if I
can use the word "told” when no sounds issued
from him,—that no inhabitant of his country had
ever passed those mountains, that beyond was
nothingness and that his country comprised the
BEYOND THE POLE

593

entire world. This was most astounding to me, for
I had come over the mountains without excessive
difficulty, and with their marvelous airships I could
see no reason why they should not have soared above
the peaks. But when I questioned the fellow, and
later talked with others, I learned to my amazement
that the creatures perished miserably if they rose
more than a few hundred feet above the earth.
Their airships never attained a height of more than
two hundred feet and I was informed that too-
venturesome members of the community, who had
attempted to traverse the mountains, had gasped
and died long before they reached the summits.
To them, strange as it may seem, an altitude of
five hundred feet was as fatal as a dozen miles in
air to human beings. Whether this was due to their
physical peculiarities or to some peculiarity in their
atmosphere I have never determined. I am of the
opinion, however, that it is a little of both. Their
air I am sure is far more rarefied than ours and
thus of course would be unfit to sustain life even
at moderate heights, while being evolved from cru-
staceans—as I am positive they are—and with
modified gills instead of lungs, they are naturally
less adaptable to changes in the density of air than
are human beings. Indeed, later, when I on one
occasion tried to scale the mountains, I discovered
that it was with the utmost difficulty that I could
breathe, even when half way to the summits.

  But this was not the reason why I was forced
to remain in this land even to the present time as
I shall explain later.

  But to resume my narrative of my experiences.
As soon as I had finished my breakfast I started out
to see the sights. It was, however, some time before
I reached the outer air, for I found many most
astounding and interesting things to attract me in
the underground residences of these strange crea-
tures.

  The means of lighting the place was a puzzle, for
as I have said, the illumination was a sort of glow
that appeared to issue from the walls, floors and
ceilings, as if in fact they were made of translucent
material with lights behind them. I examined the
material carefully and found it was formed of one
continuous unbroken surface, as if moulded or cast
in place, as I found later it was. Also, I discovered
that it was the same material of which the airships
were made. Indeed, later on I found that it was
the sole material these beings possessed for con-
structing anything—that is, aside from wood which
was seldom used and was rather a curiosity than
otherwise, and a tough grass which they considered
of little value, but from which a thin, light and ex-
cellent parchment-like material is made,—the ma-
terial in fact upon which this manuscript is written.
But the amazing part of it is that the metallic-like
substance so widely used can be so altered or modi-
fied that it is adaptable for every purpose.

  It can be made opaque, transparent ©r trans-
lucent; as hard as steel or as soft and plastic as
putty; as brittle as glass or as flexible as rubber.
It can be beaten or hammered like gold or copper;
it can be moulded by hand or machine and then
hardened, or it can be melted and cast. Moreover,
it can be colored or tinted at will; it can be woven
like thread and it can be cut, bored or worked like
timber. By certain processes, too, it can be made*

to emit light indefinitely, while the light may yet
be turned off or on at will by means of some electri-
cal or similar power. This same mysterious force
serves these creatures in place of steam, heat and
all other forms of power.

  It was of course a long time before I learned all
this, and I was still longer in learning the source
of the remarkable substance. Then, to my utter
amazement I found it was sulphur! This statement
may seem incredible, for sulphur is so well known
and its properties so well understood that my fel-
low men will no doubt accuse me of telling a palp-
able falsehood. But the secret lies in the fact that
these beings have discovered a property of sulphur
of which humans are wholly ignorant. This is that
sulphur is really a metal, the form knowm to us be-
ing only a salt or oxide, and it is the metallic sul-
phur which these weird creatures use for such a
multitude of purposes.*

  It was, as I have said, a great surprise to me to
discover this, and I could not help thinking what
marvelous accomplishments might be ours if we
possessed the knowledge of obtaining this metal. I
had never dreamed that a metallic material could
be obtained from sulphur, and at first it seemed un-
believable. But as I thought upon the matter, I
realized that, after all, it was no more astonishing
than that aluminum metal could be secured from
the soft rock called bauxite, many cargoes of which
had been carried in ships on which I had served.
Later, too, J spent much time at the vast deposits of
sulphur which seem to underlie the whole country.
Although it has been used for countless ages, yet
these beings have never had to do any mining, for
there are hills and plains composed entirely of the
yellow stuff. Indeed, I was not long in deciding
that the whole place is nothing more than the in-
terior of a huge volcano, or a series of volcanic
craters, which might partly account for the warmth
of the climate, for no doubt there is still volcanic
activity and heat below the surface of the earth.
The processes_ used for refining the sulphur and
transforming it into metal were most interesting,
but I am no chemist and the technicalities are far
beyond my powers to describe. There are huge
works that cover many square miles, and the
workers are, I found, all of different types, forms
and appearances from the other inhabitants. In
fact each art, profession, trade, and class, of the
beings is, I soon found, distinct and has been
evolved or developed in such a way as to give the
greatest efficiency and best results along the lines
of endeavor to which each is bound for life. I have
mentioned the huge pincer-like claws of the sol-
diers, or rather police. In the same way diggers
have limbs adapted to their lahors; chemists possess
appendages as delicate as the most acurately de-
vised instruments, and so on.

  But to return to the sulphur and its uses.
Among other things that interested me greatly

(Note by Dr. Lyman).

            Wuunaware. that sacral chemists have de-
clared their belief that the element sulphur is derived from a metallic
base. Although no one has yet produced metallic sulphur, yet that docs
not prove the incorrectness of such an hypothesis. Soda, potash anr
many other common chemicals, which bear no resemblance to metals
are merely salts or oxides of metals, although their metallic bases
were t«rnieriy unknown. Modern chemistry, however, has, as is weli
known, produced metallic sodium, potassium, calcium, magnesium,
etc. —A. E: *-
594

AMAZING STORIES

was the source of the marvelous power the crea-
tures use. This was, I found, derived from a pe-
culiar blackish and very heavy material which
exists in vast quantities near the sulphur deposits.
Of itself it is of little value, although it is slightly
luminous and will cause sores like burns upon hu-
man skin as I discovered to my sorrow. But when
combined with the metallic sulphur, or with cer-
tain by-products obtained in the manufacture of
the latter, it produces most astonishing results. By
varying the combinations and the proportions of
materials it can be made to emit blinding light
which goes on continuously forever without in the
least diminishing, or it can be made to explode with
a force greater than dynamite, while by still other
methods it may be made to produce invisible power
which can be harnessed as readily as steam and yet
can be transmitted to great distances through the
air, like electricity, but without the use of wires.
About one hundred miles from the chief city is an
immense power house, if such it may be called, and
from this, power o* energy is sent broadcast over
the whole country. Thus, by having machines adapt-
ed to the purpose, this source of power may be
tapped and used for any purpose, such as driving
airships, industrial work, turning on or off lights
etc. But the remarkable part of it, to me, is the
fact that no machines, as we know such things, are
used. I have visited the plant several times and
yet have never found a single wheel, shaft or crank
in it. There are merely immense chambers or vats
into which the various substance are run, and grid-
like mazes of bars and sheets of metal. These are
suspended over the vats and a ceaseless play of
many-colored and strangely tinted lights and in-
tense heat seems to rush upward from the tanks
and to be absorbed by the odd apparatus overhead,
irom these it is led into a labyrinth of receptacles
and a mystifying, to me, network of conduits, cables
and huge wires and up-standing rods. These scin-
tillate with flashing lights and emit a cracking sound
and send the power in all directions. The strang-
est thing about it, to my mind, is the fact that the
creatures are not injured by this power, even when
close to it and while it is passing through their
bodies. At first I was deathly afraid of it, for it
seemed like terrific discharges of electricity; but I
found that even I could stand beside the generators,
or whatever they may be called, and that with the
colorod flashes all about me and enveloping my body,
I felt no ill effects. Rather, it gave me a pleasant
tingling sensation which left me exhilarated for
several days thereafter.*

  Also, aside from the metal and the power, many
other most valuable things are obtained from the
sulphur and the black rock. A vast number of by-
products result, and from these all or nearly all

(Note by Dr. Lyman).

    "Probably the material described by Mr. Bishop is a very rich radio-
 active mineral nkin to or identical with prtclj-blcmie, and by combin-
 ing this with derivatives of sulphur the marvelous powers of radium
 were harnessed. Just how the strange power was produced we can-
 not say, for Mr. Bishop was of course ignorant of technicalities, as ho
 states. I should imagine, however, that the power was generated by
 breaking down atoms by means of radio activity and thus releasing
 the stupendous forces contained in them. This h3s long been a dream
 ol scientists, for it is well known that a single atom of matter contains
 incalculable power or energy and that, if it were possible to break
 or explode atoms undreamed of force* would be at nun’s disposal.
 Unquestionably the power described by Mr. Bishop was transmitted by
 means of elcctro-magnetic or similar waves.'*—-A. £. tfe

the wants of the inhabitants are obtained. Even
the strange beverage I have mentioned was manu-
factured from a by-product, as are coloring mater-
ials, certain foods and many other things. Also,
as I have said, wood is regarded as a curiosity.
This is due to the fact that strangely enough there
are practically no real trees in this strange land.
By this I do not mean that trees do not exist, for
there are great parks or gardens filled with them,
but there are no wild trees, if I may use the ex-
pression. Ages ago, I understand, there were many,
but these were all utilized and exhausted and fear-
ing that trees would become extinct they were
preserved in parks as curiosities.

  Only when they die is the wood available and the
creatures prize this highly and treasure it as though
it were a most precious substance, using it as we
might use gold or silver. Most of the country is
covered with a coarse, sedgy grass, but there are
many forms of shrubs and plants and immense
areas of bare land which at first puzzled me.

  I had seen no cultivated plants or gardens—ex-
cept park-like places like botanical gardens—and I
imagined that the bare areas were fields being pre-
pared for cultivation, as I saw many of the beings
working in them. Imagine my wonder when I
found that these bare patches of earth provided the
inhabitants with their food. Countless years ago,
I was informed, the beings had abandoned raising
food plants. The plants, so they discovered, merely
drew sustenance from the air and soil and trans-
formed this to food fit to eat. And the creatures,
reasoning that this process of nature was a round-
about method of making food, devised means of
obtaining their provisions from the air and earth
direct, doing away with the plants entirely.

  From the edible materials thus obtained they
make the wafer-like biscuit I have referred to and
these, with their liquors and little pellets, form
their entire diet. Each class or variety of wafer,
I learned, contained different food values of a vege-
table nature, while the pellets supplies the animal
mattei*, and by choosing these any taste or need
could be satisfied. Also, just as they secure pro-
visions of a vegetable nature from the soil itself
without the time and trouble involved in raising
crops, so they manufacture the foods of an animal
nature from the vegetable products. Animals, they
say, merely transform the herbage they devour in
to meat, and such things, so why raise living crea-
tures with great trouble and care and then slaughter
them, when the same materials, or at least material
containing the same nourishment and the same
chemicals, can be made direct?

  And a word in regard to the animal life of this
strange country may be of interest to any humans
who find this document. At certain seasons, vast
numbers of birds visit the great lakes or seas, which
are all of fresh watex’, and I have found a great deal
of pleasure in watching these, for the albatrosses,
mollymokes, gulls and other familiar birds come over
the mountains from the world I once knew, and
seem to me a bit like visitors and old friends from
my home. It was, in fact, these periodical visits
of the sea fowl that gave me the idea of sending out
my manuscript, in the hope that some man might
find it. But to return to the animals that dwell
here. There are a number of the giant rat-lik§
BEYOND THE POLE

595

creatures, as large as kids, such as the one I killed
and devoured when I first gained the base of the
mountains, and there are many small birds, but
aside from these, no living creatures exist in a wild
state. In zoos or museums are many most wonder-
ful creatures, some of which bear a resemblance to
those on the other side of the world, but most of
which are wholly different and many of which are
so astoundingly weird, gigantic or grotesque as to
be horrifying, or to make me think I am dreaming
or delirious when I look at them.

   Some of these are gigantic reptiles with immense
scaly bodies and with heads covered with great bony
plates and armed with huge horns. They are
ferocious looking creatures nearly fifty feet in
length, but quite docile and harmless and very
stupid. Others resemble giant seals, but instead of
being covered with fur, their bodies are smooth and
slimy, like eels. There are also creatures with
enormously long snake-like necks and great round
bodies. These are water animals and should they
be seen at sea they would be veritable sea-serpents.
There are several great beasts too, which appear
to be some sort of elephants, though vastly bigger
than any I have ever seen, and there are a few
rhinoceros-like animals, besides numbers of smaller
things, such as deer, goats, beasts somewhat like
ponies, and giant turtles. Of carnivorous beasts
there are none and I find nothing that at all re-
sembles an ox or sheep. All these I understand once
roamed the country wild, but were destroyed by the
strange inhabitants until only those in captivity
remained. But perhaps the weirdest of all these
creatures in the parks or zoos are the insects. There
are butterflies whose wings spread a yard across,
flies as big as turkeys, caterpillars with a girth
greater than my body and immense spiders with
six-foot, hairy legs and immense, staring, fiery red
eyes. These always give me a feeling of dread and
nausea as I look at them, and many a time I have
awakened, screaming, from a nightmare wherein I
thought myself being attacked by one of these hor-
rible creatures. The natives, however, seem to have
no fear of them and I have often seen the younger
ones, or if I may so call them the children, feeding
the monstrous spiders through the bars of their
cages. These bars by the way are made of the trans-
parent form of the sulphur metal, and looking at the
creatures, the bars are all but invisible—as are the
cages—so that one seems to see a horrible beast un-
confined and ready to spring at one. But of all the in-

sects, those which interest me most are the giant-
ants. These are as large as good-sized dogs and are
kept in a vast pit-like enclosure. Here they hurry
about, and labor ceaselessly, building huge mounds
and digging tunnels, only to tear them down and
start over again. They are the most ferocious of
all the animals also, and if one of their number
is injured or sick, the others, after carefully ex-
amining him, tear him to bits and devour his still
moving body. On one occasion a great lizard-like
beast died and his carcass was thrown into the ant
pit and I fairly shook with terror as I watched the
creatures, gnawing him to bits and with incredible
strength dragging the immense body here and there.
Often, too, the ants seem to be drilling and they
seem to possess intelligences almost human. Often
I think what terrible havoc they would play should
they escape from their den, but I am assured that
this is impossible, as the frail looking fence that
borders the pit is made of a material that is certain
death to any ant that touches it. Indeed, I heard, if
I may use that term, the story of these ants. It
seems that ages ago,—these beings have no means of
recording time by the way,—the ants roamed at
large and destroyed the inabitants everywhere. A
constant war was waged between the two races and
bloody battles were fought. In a way it was much
like the Indian warfare at home, though far more
merciless and cruel, for each side made slaves of
their captives and gave no quarter.

  Then the crustacean-like beings made a discovery.
They found vast numbers of dead ants where an
invading army had moved across a great pile of
waste material from the sulphur works, and by test-
ing this on captive ants they found that it was
instant death to the creatures. This enabled them
to exterminate their hereditary enemies, for the
material was made in stupendous quantities and
placed in a great wall or pile about the advancing
host of the inhabitants. Thus guarded, the ants
were powerless to harm them, and gradually all but
a few of the ants were utterly destroyed. These
few survivors were made prisoners and confined
and it is the descendants of these that are in the pit
today.

  Since then, so I understand, there have been no
wars or battles in the entire land and the soldiers
or police are being done away with, as there is
really no need for them. No more soldiers are bred
and in a few years none of the old ones will remain
alive.

   {To be concluded in the November issue)

Into the Fourth Dimension

  By RAY CUMMINGS
  Author of the "Girl of the Golden Atom”, and "Around the Universe’’.

99

THIS new story by Ray Cummings will not only
entertain you but will mystify you as well. Mr
Cummings possesses the unusual faculty of adroitly
mixing science and fiction in a most attractive way.

Imagine a series of ghost-like creatures over-running
the earth—creatures whom you can shoot and throw

stones at without harming them—and you have a fine
idea of what is in store in this extraordinary serial.

  If you have already read Mr. Cummings “Tarrano,
the Conqueror", you will look forward to an exciting
tale in 'Into the Fourth Dimension". This story is now
running serially in Science and Invention Magazine.
 Jl Columbus of space

         ~ Hij^arrett P. Serviss

                   AutEor of “The Moon Metal”, “The Second Deluge”, etc.

A minute earlier, we might have saved Edmund and Ala, buf no* they were Sri the midst of tho flames. ...

  me, . . He raiscd.his hand andjccmcd.to bc waving us off; ho pointed upwards, a* li sommandiDg ua t(

           m
What Went Before

rHE hero of the story, Edmund Stonewall,
has discovered how to utilize atomic ener-
gy. He constructs a car that cm traverse
interplanetary space, actuated by this energy, and
with two friends starts on a trip to the planet
Venus, not disclosing to them his intention at first.
He reaches a rather desolate part of the planet,
where daylight never appears, sees the almost ape-
like inhabitants, cave dwellers, who wish to sacri-
fice one of them to the gods, and they rescue the
;proposed victim only by killing the High Priest.
They get in among the valleys in a mountain of
ice, on the edge of the dark face of the planet, tak-
ing with them some of the cave dwellers on sleds.
The car with sleds fastened alongside and all but
one of the cave-dwellers upon them, is carried now
aiong a sort of glacial stream, but soon sleds and
the unfortunate occupants disappear, and our trav-
ellers are left with only one of the ape-like cave
dwellers, Juba, as company-. Now they reach the

warm, regions of Venus, where there is perpetual
day, and there find a highly developed race who
communicate with each other by a species of tele-
pathy, and our travelers are enchanted by the beau-
tiful appearance of the beings, who are superior in
every way to terrestrial mankind.

  As they fly, a terrible catastrophe is narrowly
averted, Edmund shooting the steersman on a threat-
ening aeroplane. A beautifvl woman, Ala, the
heroine of the story, saves them from the wrath of
the mob by her influence; she and Edmund fall in
love with each other. Edmund has a rival, Ingra,
in his claims on Ala, and the plotting and deeds of
Ingra are directed to getting rid of the earthly
visitors. They explore the country, are threatened
by a huge monster, and at last get into a true Eden
on the planet. The story leaves them, with Ingra
and his party in the midst of an attack upon file
earthly visitors and upon Ala’s escortt

A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

    By GARRETT P. SERVISS )
    Conclusion

An Escape

OUR assailants retreated into the bushes as we
threatened them with the pistols, but Edmund
would not allow Ingra to escape with the others.
The fellow was completely cowed, knowing the dead-
ly power of our pistols, and he obeyed Edmund’s com-
mands with a dejected air, occasionally glancing
at Ala, who disdained to return his look.

  Edmund backed him into the open door of the car,
and we all entered, after hunting up the maid who,
half scared to death, had concealed herself in the
bushes. Then Edmund
closed the door and turned
to the machinery, leaving
to us the care of guarding
our prisoner.

  The latter sat quietly
enough on a bench, Jack
on one side of him and I
on the other, while Ala
placed herself as far from
him as she could get.

  I wondered at the fel-
low’s audacity. Surely no
man in his senses would

have thought of winning a woman’s heart by
violence, but evidently his passionate nature had
overcome all scruples of reason, and as for con-
science, he had none.

  Ala's detestation of him was written on her every
feature.

  After we had got out of the wild tangle of
branches, vines, and flowers, the car rose to a con-
siderable elevation, and Edmund circled about to get
his bearings. Then Ala went to his side.

  Conversing together, they looked out of the win-
dows, and she indicated the direction that we were

 7"(V the concluding chapters of this charming interplane-
 tarian tale, we find our heroes beset by many new and
 extraordinary dangers. There is hardly a page of the
 concluding chapters in which excitement does not run
 high. We are not going to tell you the end of the story,
 because we do not wish to spoil it for you.

    As in the previous installments, Professor Garrett P.
 Serviss has given an accurate scientific analysis of what
 may be found on Venus should the planet ever be
 expored.

to pursue. First we darted high in the air, and then
set off at a great rate. It now became evident at
what a vast distance from the capital, and from the
inhabited lands of Venu^, we had landed in our
wild descent from the cloud-dome.

   But for Ala’s topographical knowledge, we shoulc
 have been long in finding the proper route.

Ingra a Prisoner

THE way once pointed out, however, we never
swerved aside, and Edmund worked up the
speed to as high a point
miimmgiuKsmmmittmmm as he deemed safe in that
dense atmosphere, which
seemed to flow in trans-
lucent waves about the
sides of the rushing car.
At last I asked Edmund
what he intended to do
with the prisoner.

  ‘Til put him behind
bars.” he replied grimly,
^	“if I have to construct

them myself.”
Notwithstanding our
great speed, the journey was a long one. We kept
at an elevation of several miles, in order to com-
mand a wide view, and the scene was magnificent.
The wilderness we were leaving behind was in a
tropical zone, on the borders of that savage region
where we had encountered the saurian monster, and
a vast roll of strangely glowing clouds lay upon
the far horizon.

   But beneath us the country continually improved
 in aspect, signs of cultivation making their appear-
 ance, until at length we began to pass over villages,
 and then over small cities, each of which, in imita-

597
'598

AMAZING STORIES

tion of the metropolis, had its little group of aerial
towers, with fluttering banners. Occasionally we
saw a few airships at a distance, traveling in vari-
ous directions, and these became more numerous as
we approached the capital.

  Our approach was not unobserved, and a crowd of
planes and airships came to meet and escort us as
we drew near. Our reception at the principal land-
ing of the great tower was most joyous.

Back to the City

THE aerial part of the city seemed suddenly to
swarm with inhabitants, and the air was filled
with excited excursionists rushing together from
all sides.

  On approaching the landing-stage, I saw a throng
of brilliantly dressed people and officials awaiting us
with welcoming smiles and gestures, and among
them, to my great pleasure, I noticed Juba, standing
in the foremost rank, treated with evident respect,
and showing every sign of joy on his broad, hairy
face. We had been absent not more than twenty-
four hours, but we were greeted as warmly as if our
stay had been a year.

  No sooner was the car well over the landing than
Edmund brought it to rest upon the broad plat-
form, and threw open the door. Jack and Henry
were the first to alight. The maid followed them,
and I came next.

  Edmund lingered a moment to secure something
in the mechanism, and Ala stayed near him, while
Ingra was behind them.

  During the trip I had not liked Ingra’s conduct;
though, I confess, I do not know exactly how he
could have pleased me in his bearing. But, at any
rate, I felt an indefinite sense of anxiety whenever I
glanced at him. He remained all the while in moody
silence, occasionally looking at Ala in a way I did not
fancy, but most of the time fixing his eyes covertly
upon Edmund, whose every movement he watched
as he manipulated the controllers.

  Somehow, he impressed me with the idea that he
was planning a stroke against us, and when I step-
ped from the car my anxiety suddenly flashed into a
vivid apprehension of evil, and I could not resist
turning back and saying to Edmund:

“Look out for Ingra, Edmund. He means no good.”

  “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of him,” Edmund re-
plied, glancing with a smile over his shoulder as he
tightened a little hand-wheel.

  A moment later Edmund approached the door,
beckoned to Ala to follow. I saw now that he in-
tended to leave Ingra in the car until he could ex-
plain the situation, and provide for his incarcera-
tion.

  What followed was like a lightning-stroke,

The Car Is Lost

I SAW Edmund pitch forward, propelled from the
car-door as if he had been shot out, and an in-
stant afterward the door was slammed to, and I
heard the bars fall into place.

  Edmund recovered himself in a moment, and to-
gether we sprang at the closed door and threw our-
selves against it. Of course, we made no impression.
Edmund’s face was as pale as a sheet.

“Quick—for Heaven’s sake!” he cried. “Get

something! Get me a bar! I must break it some-
how. This is awful! Ala—inside! Can nobody get
me a bar of steel?”

   The crowd pressed round us, without comprehend-
 ing what was going on. Nobody except ourselves
 knew that Ingra was in the car. Edmund ran to one
 of the windows, but even as he reached it the steel
 shutter was closed with a bang from within, and we
 heard the bolts shoot into their sockets.

   It was the only time in my acquaintance with him
 that I ever saw Edmund Stonewall for an instant
 .jlose his wits. He seemed not to know what to do.

   His face was dreadful to look upon. He pounded
with his fists upon the steel walls of the car until
his knuckles reddened.

   As for the rest of us, we knew no more than he
what to do. The excitement spread to the crowd,
and they pressed upon Us with wondering looks and
exclamations.

   A minute or two passed in this helpless agitation,
 and then the car gave a lurch, and a second later it
 rose from the platform!

   Edmund cried out in helpless, passionate fear.

   In a moment the car was a yard above the plat-
form, and gathering speed. I felt my heart sink.
Edmund became, if possible, paler than before.

   “Hold it! Hold it!” he shouted, and with him I
tried to grasp the smooth, polished walls that slipped
away from our hands.

   At this moment there was a rush in the crowd-
People were flung aside, and to my amazement, as
the car rose in the air, I saw Juba make a mighty
leap, seize the steel grating covering one of the
windows, and soar away with the machine like a
huge baboon hanging on the outside of a cage,

   Then the car shot toward the sky!

            CHAPTER XVII
            To the Rescue

ALOW exclamation, magnified by the mult-
itude of strange voices into a mighty mur-
mur, rose from the crowd, and every eye
followed the retreating car.

   In this emergency all of Edmund’s sagacity and
Self-command instantly came back. He wa3 once
more the cool, resourceful master of the situation.

   “An aeroplane!” he shouted, and at the word
sprang toward one of the floating machines beside
the landing.

   Brushing aside the engineer, in a moment he had
 the machine in control. Jack and I were upon his
 heels, but Henry was not quick enough, and was
 left behind. There were only four or five men, the
 crew of the plane, on the craft.

   With a skill and rapidity that astonished me,
well as I knew his capacity, Edmund swung the
huge machine round and, with reckless disregard
of consequences, set the driving-screws whirring at
their highest speed. The great tower seemed to
melt away behind us, so quickly did we leave it.

   But it was a mad chase.

                  A Race Begins

WHAT could this air-driven craft do against the
car impelled by the mysterious interatomic
force? Already the latter was rapidly diminishing
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

599

 with distance. Still, we could see Juba clinging to
 the window-grating, although at every instant I
 expected him to fall.

  But Edmund would not despair. His eyes shone
as he drove the machinery of the plane to its ut-
most limit. The crew were stupefied, and offered no
opposition.

  ^ “We must not lose sight of them,” said Edmund,
his self-control becoming more perfect as the
minutes passed. "We must never lose sight of them
for an instant.”

  “But surely,” I exclaimed, “you cannot hope to
overtake them?”

  “Yes,” he said almost fiercely, "I hope even that!
Remember,” he added more coolly, “that Ingra
really knows nothing of the management of the con-
trollers. He has watched me operate them long
enough to know how to start the car; unless Heaven
is against us, he will not be able to work it up to its
best speed, and he can hardly direct it with cer-
tainty. At any moment he may find himself des-
cending. Heaven grant that they do not come
down with a rush.”

  “But there is Ala,” I said. “She knows how to
manage the machinery. Perhaps he will be com-
pelled to entrust it to her.”

  Edmund ground his teeth in rage at my words.
  “Yes, Ala is there, a prisoner 1”

  “And Juba,” I added.

  “But how long can he remain on that fearful
perch? And what can he do?”

  “If they are aware of his presence,” I suggested,
“perhaps Ala may find a way to communicate with
him, and aid him in his efforts.”

  The idea seemed to strike Edmund, and he joy-
fully replied:

  “Yes, yes, surely she will find a way. She is a
great woman—a woman to trust in an emergency.
What a brave act that was of Juba's I Who could
have dreamed that under his shaggy exterior there
was a heart of gold, and so quick a brain?”

  “He was the head blacksmith in the cavern,” said
Jack. “If there is any way to get into that car, he
will find it”

  “It can only be done by aid from within,” replied
Edmund. “But I trust to Ala. She will find a
way.”

  “They cannot but be aware that Juba Is on the
car,” I said. “They must surely hear him, and his
mere presence will have its effect.”

  “If Ingra does not contrive to throw him off,”
suggested Jack.

  “He cannot get at him,” was Edmund’s reply.
“If only he doesn’t lose his breath with the swift
motion, and if his strength holds out, all may be
well. But we must keep them in sight. It is our
only chance, and theirs.”

  The car was now so far away that it looked very
small; but, being thrown in silhouette against the
softly glowing cloud-dome—for it was at a greater
elevation than ours—we could still, with the aid of
a glass, clearly see Juba clinging to the outside.

  It was a comfort to know that he was yet able to
retain his perch. If ho could stay there to the end,
he might be of estimable service when the crisis
should arrive

The Question of Elevation

AT first I was somewhat surprised that Edmund
kept at so low an elevation compared with that
of the fleeing car. We were not more than a half-
mile above the ground, while the object of our pur-
suit was at least three miles high. But in a little
while it became obvious that the course which Ed-
mund had adopted was a very wise one. In the
first place, by keeping at a low elevation we could
always see the car projected against the bright sky,
and there was thus less danger of its escaping us.

  In the next place, as Edmund pointed out, when
the car came down, as it must do some time, we
could cut in under it, so to speak, and approach the
landing-point along a base-line shorter than the
diagonal that the car would have to pursue.

  “The higher he goes,” said Edmund, “the greater
our advantage will be. Fortunately, he seems to be
rising all the time. There is no danger that he will
run away in that direction.

  “He has no conception of anything above the
cloud-dome, and his only object is to get as far
away as possible, in order to defy pursuit before
landing. I expect every moment, now, to see him
begin to descend.”

  “But are you sure that he can manipulate the
controllers well enough to make a safe descent?” I
asked.

  “Let us pray that he can,” replied Edmund. “I
will give him credit for great intelligence. If ho
did not possess extraordinary capacity, he would
never have learned, simply by watching me, how to
run the machinery.

  “The fact that he could penetrate so far gives
me hope, that he has learned enough to insure their
safety. The highspeed controllers, used when
astride the atmosphere, are in a different location
from the others, and are manipulated somewhat dif-
ferently.

  “I did not touch them during our journey, so that
I have little fear that he will discover their use. It
is now evident that we can at least keep the car
in sight.

  “The resistance of this dense atmosphere is a
serious obstacle to a machine which, unlike the
plane, does not derive an advantage from that very
circumstance.”

An Alarm

WE Were now many miles from the capital, and
traveling toward the tropical belt. It was evi-
dent that Ingra intended to take refuge again in the
wilderness, though at a point far distant from the
place where we had so recently encountered him.

  “Ala has told me,” said Edmund, “that Ingra,
who is very fond of wild sports, and who until our
arrival seems to have exhibited no evil characteris-
tics, has a number of hunting-lodges in this vast
wilderness, and it was due to the unlucky fate that
guided us in our descent that we fell into his hands.

  For, unknowingly, we came down within a half-
mile of one of his lodges. He always has a retinue
in attendance at his lodges, and probably he is now
making for one of these places.”

  “Do you think they are aware that we are follow-
ing?”

“Of course, they will expect to be pursued, but
600

AMAZING STORIES

I am in hopes that Ingra has not seen us, and does
not know that we have kept within eyesight. You
remember that the car has no window in the rear—
a mistake of construction which until now I have re-
gretted. It has not swerved from its course since
starting, and I have been careful to keep directly
behind it.

  “Consequently, there is every reason to think!
that Ingra, trusting to the speed of the car, has not
even taken the trouble to look behind. Besides, we
have kept comparatively close to the ground, where
it is not easy to see us from a distance, and the
moment I perceive the car beginning to descend I
shall run down to the very tree-tops in order to be
the better concealed.”

  Our hopes now rose high. We had demonstrated
an ability to keep the car in view, though, to be sure,
it had become little more than a dark speck in the
sky, and its steady motion relieved our anxiety con-
cerning a possible disaster from Ingra’s inability
to manage it.

  Several hours passed, and once more we had left
the inhabited lands behind and were passing over
the border of the wilderness, where the luxuriance
of the vegetation surpassed that of the Amazonian
forests of the wilds of Borneo.

  Suddenly, Edmund uttered an exclamation.

  “Great Heavens!” he cried. “Look! Something
is wrong. It is all to end in disaster at last!”

Fear of Losing the Car

JACK and I, startled by Edmund’s agitation,
glanced at the distant car. It was falling from

the sky!

  It shot hither and thither, sweeping in long de-
scending curves, and darting to one side and a-
nother, like a collapsed balloon.

  “What can have happened?” I exclaimed. “Good
Heavens! If Juba should be flung off now, our only
ally would be lost.”

  “No; we have another,” said Edmund quietly, all
his self-mastery asserting itself—“Ala, herself.”

  “Look,” he continued, a moment afterward, “the
car rights itself. It will come down all right.”

  It was so. The eccentric movements ceased, and
we saw the car descending rapidly, but with a
steady motion which indicated that it was again un-
der control. During the ten minutes that the wild
tumble lasted, it had fallen within half a mile of
the ground, and now it was gliding swiftly away
from us, over the top of the great forest.

  Edmund strove to increase our speed, making the
Bilent engineer and his men aid him with their ut-
most exertions. Glancing behind, I now noticed, for
the first time, that several airplanes were pursuing
us; but they were far behind.

  They had probably started in pursuit as soon
as possible after our chase began, but we had been
so absorbed in watching the car that we had not
even thought of looking behind. We had trusted
entirely to ourselves, but now I felt a satisfaction
in knowing that we should have assistance in an
emergency.

  I called Edmund’s attention to our pursuers, but
he gave no heed. His whole mind and soul were
fixed upon the car. In a little while it had de-
scended so low that it became necessary for us to
rise, in order to keep it in view.

  Nevertheless, as Edmund had foreseen, our course,
lying so near the ground, had given us a certain
advantage, and we had drawn preceptibly nearer
while running for the point toward which the car
was descending. Still, it now became very difficult
to keep the object of our pursuit in view.

  At times we lost sight of it entirely against the
dark background of foliage. But an occasional
gleam from the polished sides of the car enabled
us to retain a general notion of its location.

A Battle

AT last it dropped into the great sea of vegeta-
tion, and was completely lost. At this time
we were apparently, about three miles behind It.
“Keep your eyes fixed on the point where it dis-
appeared,” said Edmund. “Don't let your sight
waver. I shall make straight for the place.”

  Fortune favored us, for at the spot where the car
had sunk from sight a group of enormous trees
lifted their mighty tops high above the general sur-
face of the forest, and this landmark was invaluable
to us.

  When we had run within an eighth of a mile
of these trees, Edmund at last slowed up, and got
the airplane under perfect control.

  We crept silently above the tree-tops, every eye
fixed upon the spot where we expected at any mo-
ment to see the car.

  Suddenly a forest glade appeared, shadowed
by the very trees that had served as our guides,
and there was the car resting upon the ground!
The door was toward us, and open.

  In it stood Ala, looking with a horrified coun-
tenance upon a spectacle that might well have
frozen her blood.

  Ingra and Juba were engaged in a terrific bat-
tle. At one moment they rolled upon the ground,
locked together, looking like a man and a wild
beast at death-grips.

  Each was fiercely exerting his utmost strength.
Now one, now the other, was on top.

  Each endeavoring to throttle the other, they
revolved so rapidly that the eye could hardly
follow the successive phases of the struggle.

  Suddenly they rolled against a rock, and the
shock releasing their hold, both leaped to their
feet. But neither flinched, nor gave back.

  They sprang together again with demoniac
fury, Juba’s huge eyes blazing out of the wild
tangle of his hair, while his huge, shaggy arms
resembled those of a bear rushing madly to the
death-hug.

  But Ingra was a foe worthy to encounter so
formidable an antagonist. With amazing
strength and agility, he hurled his assailant back-
ward, and then, to my horror, I saw that he had
his long knife in his hand, while Juba had no
weapon.

Juba a Fighter

LOWERING his form as he sped to the onset,
and with a wicked lunge, Ingra darted up-
on his foe. For an instant I thought that the
blade had reached the vitals of his antagonist,
for Juba staggered backward, but a second later
Ingra shot away as if the walking-beam of an en-
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

601

gine had struck him, and fell, stunned and mo-
tionless.

  Juba’s mighty foot had been propelled against
his chest, for, like a Frenchman, the creature
fought with arms and legs alike.

  “Now you have him!” shouted Jack, dancing
with excitement, as Edmund swept the airplane
toward the spot. “Pin him down! Don’t let him
up!”

  Juba sprang at his foe, but the latter had been
driven so far away by the terrible blow that be-
fore Juba could seize him he had recovered, and
was on his feet again.

  “Don’t let him get away,” cried Edmund, leap-
ing from the airplane as it touched the ground, and
rushing, with Jack and me on his heels, to the scene
of the encounter.

  But Ingra was too quick.

  Seeing his enemies swarming, he turned and
ran with the speed of a deer.

  In a second he had disappeared in the under-
growth,

CHAPTER XVIII.

We Find Another Enemy

AFTER struggling and stumbling through
the thicket for a few minutes, we gave up
the chase sooner than we should have done
on account of Edmund’s anxiety to return to Ala,
who had remained where we first saw her, stand-
ing in the door of the car.

  When he stopped, we all stopped; though Juba,
whose blood was up, would have continued the
pursuit if he had not been compelled to desist.
He disregarded the rest of us, but obeyed Ed-
mund’s call like a faithful hound.

  It was a great disappointment that Ingra had
escaped, but there was no help for it. We must
face the consequences, and probably there was not
one of us who did not feel an unuttered forebod-
ing of disaster. We had made for ourselves a
terrible enemy, and it was perfectly certain that
as long as we remained he would pursue us with
all the energy of his fiercely passionate nature
and the resources of his acute mind.

  Edmund expressed this when he exclaimed, on
our hurried return to the car:

  “That fellow and I cannot both live in this
world. He will not let me alone, but I will never
run from him.”

  “Then why don’t you get out of his world?”
said Jack, who sometimes expressed rather bluntly
his suddenly conceived notion of right and jus-
tice. “You are the interloper, not he.”

  “Am I an interloper,” replied Edmund, with
flashing eye and flushed cheek, “when she”—
pointing to Ala, who, having heard of our ap-
proach, came joyously to meet us—“calls upon
me to defend her?”

  Jack made no reply, but whispered in my ear:
“Jove! I don’t blame him. I’d die fighting for
her myself.”

Ala Once More

ALA’S beauty seemed tenfold greater in the
flush of excitement that overspread her features.
She greeted us with hardly less warmth than she

bestowed upon Edmund, and the caressing touch
of her hand on Juba’s hairy arm was a reward
that the poor fellow plainly accepted in full com-
pensation for the fearful risk he had run. And
he deserved her thanks because, but for his pres-
ence, Ingra would have abducted Ala as soon as
the car landed, and we should have arrived too
late.

  We had hardly reached the car again when one
of the pursuing planes came up, and close after
it followed several more. They brought a num-
ber of court officials and attendants, who were
quite in the dark as to the meaning of this ex-
traordinary escapade. For, it will be remem-
bered, there had been no time to tell anybody of
the presence of Ingra in the car when we arrived
at the tower.

  Ala explained the situation, and the excitement
of her friends was laughable. They ran about in
the underbrush, anxious to show their devotion,
and possibly thinking that they would find the
fugitive concealed close at hand.

  But Ala recalled them; and, as more planes
arrived, organized the search with a rapidity that
increased my respect for her ability. There was
one remarkable feature in her intercourse with
her people that struck me with great force.

  She was a queen, and she had the look and bear-
ing of one when she chose to assert her author-
ity; but there was no appearance of servility in
the manner of those surrounding her, and she de-
manded none. If ever there was a democratic
Queen, it was she. Everybody recognized her
rank, but it was rather with evidences of admira-
tion and love than of mere submission.

  In a few minutes she had arranged her plan.
Airplanes were sent scouting over the forest in all
directions with orders to search every nook where
Ingra might be in hiding. Then s“he turned to
Edmund, and they communed together for a time,
while we awaited the result of their consultation.

  The decision, apparently somewhat against, Ed-
mund’s opinion, for he wished to aid in the
search, was to return at once to the capital. Ac-
cordingly, we embarked in the car; and were soon
speeding away from the wilderness, leaving a
dozen of the planes to prosecute the search.

  After our return to the capital a very different
series of events began to occupy our attention.

  Of Ingra we heard no more, for the present.
One by one the air planes that had been left to hunt
him down returned unsuccessful.

  It was certain that he had adherents in the
city, as he had elsewhere, for his family was very
old and powerful, and had always occupied an ex-
alted position; but still we saw nothing to alarm
us. Nevertheless, we never doubted that he was
simply biding his time and planning his ven-
geance.

  To me the thought became an obsession, and
sometimes I could hardly sleep on account of it.
It was horrible to think of our being practically
alone here in this distant world, among a peo-
ple who knew nothing of our ways, and who
treated us with respect only because in the first
place we excited their curiosity, and in the second
place because Ala's favor was our shield.
602

AMAZING STORIES

  But I could not get away from the fear that
when the novelty should be over the romantic
attachment which their queen had formed for
Edmund would cease to captivate the public’s
fancy, and then the scale would incline against
us. Whenever I broached the subject to Edmund,
however, he pretended to treat my fears as purely
imaginary.

Jack's Tale of His Troubles

JACK, always impressionable and erratic, quickly
lost himself in the delights of life in the brilliant
capital, and could not be brought to think of the
future. To Henry I dared not open my mind, for
he was already only too much disposed to brood
and to take the dark view of everything. If he had
known my doubts he would have driven me mad by
magnifying them.

  For a while he tormented us witlTcomplaTnts and
begged to be taken back to the earth, until Edmund
turned upon him in such a fury that he never
again ventured to open his lips on the subject.

  In the meantime it was delightful to watch the
gracious manner in which Ala sought to distract
us.

  She began by exhibiting the marvels of the capital.
Thus far we had only seen the great throne-room,
the hall of justice, and one or two smaller apart-
ments in the palace.

  Now she conducted us through halls and rooms
more splendid than I could have imagined to exist.
The golden decorations were beyond belief in their
richness, in the astonishing quantity of the precious
metal lavished upon them, and in the delicacy and
beauty of the forms.

  Nothing interested Henry so much as this. It
stirred his cupidity, which I must confess, although
I liked him, was a prominent defect of his character.

“What a place for a Pizarro!” he exclaimed.

  “Yes,” said Edmund, “but there is no cringing
Atahualpa here. You need not dream of carrying
off any of this wealth.”

  “But you seem to be in a fair way of falling heir
to it,” put in Jack with a laugh.

  Edmund colored, but did not reply.

  “For shame, Jack,” I said. “Can’t you remember
that if Ala does not understand our language, she
has a marvelous power of reading our thoughts?”

  “That's so,” said Jack. “Upon'my word I feel
rather uncomfortable In this world where a man’s
mind goes naked.

  “Why, a little while ago I was strongly tempted
to steal a kiss from a pretty maid who was showing
me a wonderful affair of gold and jewels. I don't
know whether it was an idol or what, and upon
my word, before I could have made a motion—and,
of course, I didn’t really mean to—she darted away
from me as if she had been stung, and her winning
smiles were changed for a black look that made me
hang my head.”

  After this we all became a little more circum-
spect in our comments, and tried to keep our
thoughts to ourselves, unless, as was generally the
case, they were such as our entertainers could only
find pleasure in knowing.

A Wonderful City

I should have to write a book to tell you about all
the surprising things that Ala showed us in
the palace, and in the city—for we made a tour of
that also.

  The streets were wonderful, crooked as cow-paths,
crowded with people, magnificent with shops filled
with all sorts of curious objects, and bordered with
thousands of aerial structures that towered up and
up, glittering like a Jack Frost paradise at Christ-
mas ; while at all elevations air ships and airplanes
passed and repassed, steering clear of one another
with the grace and ease of Venetian gondolas.

  She took us through a great library, where we
saw the printed books to which I have referred;
but there was nothing to compare in strangeness
with the visit which we finally made to a kind of
temple, where we saw the most remarkable char-
acter in Venus, the “Head Medicine Man,” as Jack
facetiously dubbed him.

  But we couldn't remain long in a facetious mood
■when in the presence of this personage. And, be-
sides, he gave us a shock, the full nature of which
I did not comprehend until long afterward, when it;
came upon me with overwhelming force.

  Jack’s title for him may have been sufficiently
descriptive of his functions. He seemed to be a
kind of masculine pythoness, and his gloomy,
cavernous apartment in the center of the temple,
strangely lighted with huge, dull-red electric globes,
was apparently a Delphic shrine for the people of
Venus.

The High Priest

IT WAS our first introduction to any thing resem-
bling superstition among these people, and to me,
at least, it came as a great surprise, for in this
world of light, beauty, and harmony, such a thing
seemed strikingly out of place. The evident awe
with which Ala regarded this high priest of
mystery displeased me also.

  Contrary to what one might expect, this man, who
was of extraordinary stature, I should say nearly
seven feet tall, showed no signs of age. He seemed
to be in middle life, and very vigorous; and, as he sat
on a kind of throne of some black, highly polished
metal, with his elbow resting on a short pillar cap-
ped with a circlet of red jewels that blazed like
living coals, his huge head and strong face were
marvelously impressive.

  I never saw such a face anywhere else. It was
beardless, and as white as marble. Usually he al-
lowed only his profile to be seen; and one could not
look upon it without a creeping of the nerves. His
nose was immense, resembling a great curved beak,
and his deep-sunk eyes, roofed with projecting
brows, were as black as jet, but curiously luminous
as they gleamed sidewise out of their pent-house.

  But when he turned his full face, even Edmund
started back. He seemed to project his countenance
toward us like a monstrous bird stretching out its
neck, and his glowing eyes appeared to penetrate
our inmost thoughts.

This lasted only for a moment; and then he
turned his profile again and remained motionless.

  Ala then had a long communication with Edmund,
at the end of which he turned to us and said:
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

603

  “This is the most remarkable thing that we have
yet encountered. It seems that this is the center
of their religious system, and that strange man is
its head. It is, as far as I can make out, based upon
a kind of sun-worship.

The Sun and Venus

“AT rare intervals the cloud-dome opens over-
head in a narrow rift, through which the sun
appears for a few moments, as a vast, blinding ball
of fire; larger and brighter, of course, than we ever
see it from the earth. Sometimes a whole genera-
tion passes without this momentary opening of the
heavens.

  “Ala herself has never seen the vision of the
bright god of the sky; but, like all her people, she
regards it as a manifestation of a higher govern-
ing power, and every time that the phenomenon oc-
curs there is an extraordinary outburst of enthu-
siasm, which arrests all other affairs, and the whole
planet is swept by a wave of religious frenzy.

  “This high priest is regarded as the mortal repre-
sentative of the power above. Upon his death an-
other, chosen by what I suppose may be called a
council of augurs, takes his place. He has all the
sacredness and influence of a Delphic oracle, and
his utterances are considered as sure prophecies
of future events.”

  “I’d never come to him for a fortune,” broke In
Jack. “I don’t like his looks.”

  “Hush! But that’s just what you have come for,”
replied Edmund with a smile. “And I don't know
how the thing is going to work out for us. AI$
has brought us here to learn this priest’s opinion
about—well, about me. You will understand. If
he proves unpropitious, it won’t be well. I hope for
a favorable oracle.”

  This put an entirely new complexion upon the af-
fair, and I began to regard the occupant of the*
black throne with an apprehension that I had not
felt before. I could have wished our fate to lie
in anybody’s hands but his. I quite agreed with
Jack on that point.

  I wondered why Ala had not consulted this
authority earlier, if she did not feel free to make
her own choice and act her own will. Now that we,
through Edmund, were so deeply involved, the con-
sequences could not but be very serious if another
adverse influence besides that of Ingra was directed
against us.

  But I suppose the girl queen had simply followed
the dictates of her heart at first, and then events had
so crowded upon one another that there was no op-
portunity to take counsel.

  We were not compelled to wait long to discover
the trend of the oracle. The beaked face and the
jetty eyes were turnd upon us again, and without
warning the gigantic form rose to its full height.
One arm was thrown out toward us in a gesture of
repulsion, while the eyes blazed from the out-thrust
colorless countenance so fiercely that, in spite of all
my efforts at self-command, I absolutely quailed
before them.

  Henry started back, and would have fled incon-
tinently if Edmund had not seized his arm and de-
tained him. Juba alone, to my surprise, remained
totally unmoved. Either he did not understand, or

else he had unwavering confidence in us, and so
feared nothing.

Ala Defiant

ALA, for a moment, was overwhelmed with seem-
ing disappointment and sorrow. Then she
slowly raised her head, her cheeks reddened, her
eyes shone with a determined look, and, meeting
the glance of the great priest unflinchingly, she laid
her hand on Edmund’s shoulder. I saw a mingled
look of pride, love, and defiance pass over Edmund’s
features; and then he faced the new enemy he had
found with a firm glance.

  “Now we are in for it,” whispered Jack. “If Ed-
mund pulls us out of this, I’ll swear by him for-
ever.”

  But the immediate consequences were not so
serious—at least, in appearance—as our fears had
anticipated.

  The priest, from his towering elevation, glanced
scornfully at Ala; and then, in a low, monotonous
tone, began a kind of chant. Only Ala, of course,
understood him; but, as she listened, an expression
of growing horror came over her face. The scene
lasted only two or three minutes. When the chant
was finished, the oracular speaker slowly sank back
upon his throne and turned away his face, which
had become once more as impassive as marble.

  Ala could hardly remain upright. She leaned
on Edmund’s arm, and, as I thought, sobbed.

  Suddenly she straightened. The queenly look
and manner returned. Her whole bearing and ex-
pression denoted resistance and resolution. Turn-
ing her back upon the black throne, without another
glance at its occupant, but with a look at Edmund
—in which her inmost soul shone forth in a way
that there was no mistaking—she led us from the
chamber.

The Priest’s Prophecy

WHEN we were alone afterward in an apart-
ment in the palace, Edmund told us the
meaning of what had occurred.

  “That the decision was adverse,” he said, “I need
not tell you. We have got the religious head of the
planet against us now. But his closing speech,
which Ala has explained to me as best she can, was
a queer medley—-a sort of prophetic vision, it would
seem—which greatly affects Ala, though for my part
I only laugh at it.”

  “But what was it?” urged Jack.

  “Oh,” said Edmund, “only a crazy Mother Shiptofl
jumble of nonsense. He talked about a grand con-
flagration and a general wiping out of things and
persons that he doesn’t like. I snap my fingers at
his divination, but without any mumble magic he
can do us a lot of harm. If I could persuade Ala
to go, I'd quit Venus within twenty-four hours.
But I don’t believe she’d consent to go, and I won’t
leave her, so that’3 the end of it.”

  Henry groaned in spirit, but Jack showed no
white feather, and I don’t believe I did either.

  “Bully for you, Edmund 1” Jack cried. “Go in and
win. We’ll stand by you, if we never see old New
York again.”

  Edmund smiled with gratification, and grasped
us each warmly by the hand.
604

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XIX

An Extraordinary Hunt

THE significance of what had occurred in the
temple gradually dawned upon me after-
ward, but it was never so clear in my mind
as to produce more than an uneasy and growing
foreboding.

  Edmund did not mention the subject again, and
there was no outward manifestion of the new op-
position which had been set up against us. Natural-
ly, it would require time to develop its force. It
was a struggle between two opponents of equal
power, for if the “Big Medicine Man,” as Jack con-
tinued, to call him, was supreme in religious affairs,
Ala was nevertheless queen, and her popularity was
a bulwark to her authority.

  Besides, so far as we knew, the affair was a secret
known only to the persons immediately concerned.
There had been no witnesses of the scene before the
black throne.

  In the meantime, Ala showed as little anxiety as
Edmund. She was almost continually with us, and
the time glided away very pleasantly With the enter-
tainments which she was constantly providing for
our amusement.

Color Music

OUR attention was now once more turned to the
mystery of the color music. It was perfectly
clear, after what we had learned in the wildness,
that the play of colors which had so astonished us
furnished but a part of the esthetic enjoyment of
these people.

  Frequently there were what I may call concerts
in the palace, and on these occasions I became con-
vinced that more than half of the effect produced by
the dramatic harmonies that gushed in glowing
waves of color from the great circles on the walls
was due to the production of sounds inaudible to
us.

  Edmund, as I had anticipated that he would do
from his remark in reply to Jack’s enthusiastic de-
mand when the secret of the singing birds first
burst upon us, attacked the problem by rendering
this strange music audible to us. And he succeeded,
as he always succeeded.

  How he did it I cannot pretend to explain, but
he said that it was as simple in principle as a tele-
phone. After many experiments he constructed
three little boxes, one for each of us, and when we
had attached them over our ears we could actually
hear the sounds produced by the colored undulations.

  I can never describe those sounds. They thrilled
the very soul. They had a strange aerial quality, as
if they were the voices of spirits floating in the air
about us. The music that they produced reminded
me, by the sweetness of its melodies, of an iEolian
harp; but it was more measured, and infinitely more
varied. Listening to it, we felt stirred to depths of
our being of whose existence we had not dreamed.

  We were exalted, and something beyond human
capacities of enjoyment seemed to have been given
to us. Yet Edmund said that the exquisite pleasure
we were enabled to experience by the aid of his con-
trivances was only a rude, imperfect, mechanical
reproduction of that which was enjoyed by the
people of Venus. But we were grateful to him for

affording us this glimpse into the possibilities of a
transcendent development of the physical senses.

  “It is the nature of Venus,” Edmund declared.
“This world so near the sun receives from the great
orb richer gifts than come to the earth. The at-
mosphere here is tremulous with vibrations orig-
inating in the sun, which impart a character to
the physical organization of the inhabitants of this
planet which we can hardly imagine. Their joys are
at the same time more delicate and more intense
than ours.”

An Exploring Party

WE were never tired of tasting the hew pleasure
that had been partially placed before us, but
Edmund’s restless spirit soon drew us away into
fresh adventures.

  He was determined to explore the torrid circle.
He had learned from Ala that no one had ever been
able to penetrate beyond the place where Ingra had
left us to be devoured by the monsters of the great
swamps; but with his car he believed that we could
go wherever he chose, and he persuaded Ala, whose
desire for knowledge and love of adventure were*
not less than his, to consent to a most extraordinary
expedition.

  In the preparations for this I believe that we all
forgot the new danger that threatened us since the
opposition of the Great Oracle had been declared.

  Whatever might be the form that danger was to
assume, it kept itself in the background and worked
in secret. I had an uneasy feeling that in some
manner Ingra would associate himself with it.

  While the people, and even the high officials in
the palace, apparently knew nothing of what had
occurred, I felt certain tha£ our arch-enemy would
learn of it and remorselessly pursue the advantage
that it gave him.

  Again and again I was on the point of urging
Edmund to leave the planet while there was yet
time and take Ala with us, if she would consent to
go, as he had himself suggested. He was so ab-
sorbed in his schemes, however, that I hesitated
to disturb his thoughts.

  In a short time all our preparations were made,
and we set out on what I must regard as the wildest
and most inconsiderate adventure that we had yet
undertaken.

  We started, as usual, from the great tower of the
palace, our company consisting of eight persons, all
that the car could conveniently accommodate. These
comprised, beside ourselves, Ala, Juba, two maids
chosen from Ala’s immediate attendants, and a high
official of the palace—a sort of majordomo—a very
intelligent person and of great physical strength.

  Of course we had our weapons, both the pistols
and the guns, with an abundance of ammunition
and of provisions. We were attended by half a
dozen airplanes, which were to accompany us as
far as they could go, and were there to await our
return from the unknown region.

The Wonders of Venus

WE took the direction of the mines; and beyond
them we entered the wilderness, and soon
found ourselves involved in the zone of clouds and
semi-darkness. Here, at a point where a curiously
shaped mountain peak, rising just on the border of
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

the twilight-land and pointing its bold outlines
against the strongly illuminated sky behind,
served as a landmark which we could not miss on
our return, the airplanes were ordered to await us,
and we pushed on alone with the car.

   Jack, of course, was all alive for this adventure,
as he always was for anything promising excite-
ment; but Henry didn’t like it, and would have
stayed behind if he had had the courage to remain
alone among strangers. For my part, my curiosity
was greatly aroused; and, besides I found immense
interest in watching the enthusiasm of Ala.

   Her adventurous spirit was in its element; and,
as far as appearances went, she gave no thought to
future troubles. According to custom, the control
of things at the capital had been left in charge of
a sort of board of regency, which was a permanent
institution, as I learned, Ala not being the first
queen who was fond of visiting distant parts of the
country, though she was the first who had shown a
disposition to explore unknown regions.

  On leaving the airplanes behind, we plunged
deeper and deeper into gloom, and were compelled
to use our electric lights. Among Edmund’s special
preparations was a small search-light, placed at the
peep-hole in the front end of the car, and this was
now brought into requisition.

< It gave us startling views of the nature of the
surface beneath.

  First we ran for many miles above an area
covered with vast swamps and bogs, with the
oddest conceivable shapes of vegetation. We were
keen to see some of the gigantic animals which we
knew, from our first startling experience, inhab-
ited this region, and it was not long before the light
found one out.

  We were about a hundred feet above the ground,
and proceeding slowly, when Edmund, who had
placed himself beside the search-light and was peer-
ing through the opening, said quietly:

  “There! Would you like to take a look?”

  Ala was beside him in a moment, and she could
not repress an exclamation, or refrain from starting
backward, although in a second she recovered and
laughed at her own nervousness. There was room
for only one, beside Edmund, at the little window,
and when Ala had satisfied her curiosity we each
took our turn.

  When mine came I was for an instant almost as
much agitated as Ala had been.

A Strange Monster

DIRECTLY ahead of us, not more than seventy-
five yards distant, there was a shallow pond,
its banks thick with tangled bushes, and in the
midst of it stood a monster on eight legs, tawny-
colored in the electric light, seeming to bristle with
stiff hairs all over its huge round body. Its head was
relatively small, black, and apparently armored with
polished jet, and faceted with innumerable eyes,
which flamed in the brilliant beam poured upon
them.

  “Good Lord!” I could not but exclaim. “It is
like a prodigious tarantula! Look! It is going to
leap at us!”

  “Upon my word,” said Edmund, “I think the fel-
low does mean fight. Get away a moment, and I’ll

swing the car round. We’ll give him a broadside
if he becomes too ugly.”

   _ Accordingly, the car was swung into such a posi-
 tion that one of the side windows faced the crea-
 ture, and Edmund brought the movable search-light
 to the window, which he threw wide open.

   “For Heaven’s sake!” cried Henry. “Don’t do
 that. He’ll get at us.”

   “Don’t be alarmed,” Edmund replied, “He can do
 us no harm. We are two hundred feet away.

   All of us crowded about the window, and it is
 unnecessary to say that the automatic guns were
 in our hands and the pistols ready.

   During the few seconds that the streaming light
 had been removed the monster had changed his
 position; and now, as the glare fell upon him again,
 we were startled to find that he had approached us.
 He was within forty feet of the car, standing in a
 grassy glade, having with inconceivable rapidity
 and agility clambered or leaped over the stunted
 trees and bushes surrounding the pond in which we
 had first seen him.

   His huge spiky body seemed to bristle with anger,
 and his countless eyes blazed like so many great
 rubies in the piercing light. It was truly a heart-
 quaking sight!

   Ala started back with a womanly cry of alarm;
 and Henry, I am almost ashamed to say, sank help-
 less upon a bench.

   “I believe he is going to jump at us,” said Ed-
 mund quietly. “Aim for his head, and let him have
 half a dozen shots in quick succession.”

Jack’s Narrow Escape

 T) EFORE anybody could touch a trigger the aw-
 ful creature bounded with lightning speed upon
 the car.

   If you have ever seen a “hunting-spider” leap up-
 on a fly, you know the incredible rapidity of its
 spring and its stroke. This monster was no less
 swift in his action.

   Through sheer nervous shock we simultaneously
 discharged our guns; but without aim, and, un-
 fortunately, without effect.

   The monster struck the car with a force that
 made it roll back, and two shaggy legs entered the
 window.

   A yell of horror and terror broke from Jack’s
 lips, and in an instant he was dragged from the
 window, our terrible assailant dropping out of sight
 at the same moment!

   Edmund sprang to the controllers, and the car
 sank swiftly to the ground. As we landed in a
 tangle of bushes, Edmund leaped out into them,
 calling to me to follow. Then the light streaming
 from the open window fell upon the most awful
 spectacle that a man ever lived to tell about.

   The monster was within twenty feet of us, hold-
 ing Jack high above the ground with the claws of
 two of its legs, and turning him round and round,
 as a spider prepares a fly for his meal.

   The dreadful jaws were open to receive the
 morsel, when a stream of fire shot from Edmund’s
 gun, followed instantly by half a dozen more.

 The animal reeled, and its legs gave way, thrash-
 ing the bushes as it tumbled on its side.

    Jack dropped like lead, and I rushed to his side,
 while Edmund pumped more shots into the huge
606

AMAZING STORIES

 rolling body, whose struggles broke the inter-
 twining branches with terrible crashes.

  As I reached Jack he resembled a shapeless lump.
Edmund rushed back as soon as he could to look
at him.

CHAPTER XX
In the Whirlwinds of Venus

UT the case proved, on examination, not to
be so bad, after all.

  Jack was not dead, and the great beast
was.

  Still, the poor fellow seemed terribly injured.
His clothing was ripped to shreds, and his face was
disfigured. He had been rolled up almost into a ball;
and I marveled when I saw him stretch out his legs,
for I thought that every bone must have been
broken.

  His athletic training had, perhaps, saved him, his
joints being supple and his muscles elastic.

  "Just in time,” he muttered, trying bravely to
smile. “He had me in his jaws once, but I kicked
away.”

  As we lifted him between us to carry him back
to the car, Ala approached, pushing her way with
anxious face through the tangle of weeds and
shrubs. Juba, his great eyes shining like flames,
was close behind her.

  Ala uttered a cry of joy when she saw that we
were safe, but her face was filed with pity as her
eyes fell upon Jack. She helped Juba to open a way
for us back to the car.

  No sooner had we placed the injured man on the
floor than she was on her knees beside him, striv-
ing to stanch the wounds on his face and hands.
She and Edmund worked together as if they had
been trained nurses.

  They tore up garments to make bandages, and
in a little while Jack looked like a patient in an
emergency hospital. Fortunately, he seemed to
have no internal injuries; and Edmund declared
that, barring the possibility of poison from the
fangs, there was no danger of a fatal result.

Jack’s Courage

NEVERTHELESS he said, we must start on our
return at once.

  “Not on your life!” Jack exclaimed. “See here,
Edmund, I won’t go back. This expedition is not
going to be ruined on account of such a little ac-
cident. It’s just beginning to get interesting.”

  “But you may be poisoned,” said Edmund.

  “Stuff and nonsense!” returned Jack. “There’s
no poison about it. I tell you I won’t go back. I’m
not going to be scared out by a beast like that.
You’ve finished him, and that ends it.”

  At first Edmund insisted; but Jack was so ob-
stinate, and he really seemed so strong, that at
length Edmund said:

  “Well, we'll go on a little way. If Jack seems to
be the worse for it, we’ll put back again at top
speed.”

   So it was decided, and we kept on.

  No one had any desire to examine the monster
we had slain. But Edmund declared that in the
interests of science he ought at least to photograph
him with a flash-light; and we did pause long enough

for that, hovering over the place with the car, but
the picture when developed showed nothing but a
blur.

  No other adventure happened at once, and we
saw no more of the strange inhabitants of the fens,
who had probably been scared off by the noise and
the light.

  For a long time we bore away in the darkness,
without any guide except a general sense of direc-
tion. In that respect Edmund was the most re-
markable person I have ever known. It seemed
impossible for him to be lost. He could make his
way through the air like a migrating bird.

  After a long while it began to grow a little lighter
ahead. I though that we had inadvertently turned
on our course and were approaching the temperate
zone; but Edmund averred that he had not lost
his direction, and that the light must come from
some other source. Before the darkness around us
had begun perceptibly to lift I happened to glance
out of one of the windows, and noticed a strange
fluttering in the air.

  Huge inky shadows seemed to be flitting through
the gloom.

Strange Shadows

PRESENTLY there cams a smart blow against
the car, and for an instant something covered
the window. Everybody was greatly startled, and
we looked out at both sides, but could see nothing,
except the curious shadows that I had first noticed.

  The air was misty around us; and the shadows,
except for their blackness, resembled apparitions
like the spectre of the Brocken, cut upon the dark
fog by moving objects, whose position we could not
immediately determine.

  “There is something odd overhead,” said Ed-
mund at length, "and I’ll steer a little higher to see
what it is.”

  No sooner had the car started gliding on an up-
ward slope than a perfect thunder of raps began
on the outside, like heavy hail on a roof. At the
same time both of the windows were covered by
moving forms, the nature of which we could not
determine, so fast did they flit by.

  But it was evident that they were hitting the
car and causing the noise. Suddenly the rapping
ceased and the forms disappeared from the win-
dows. But now again the ebon shadows began
fluttering in the mist all about the car.

  “What has become of those things, and what are
they, anyhow?” demanded Jack nervously. Owing
to his comparative helplessness, he was no doubt
more startled and alarmed than he would otherwise
have been.

  “I don’t know what they are,” Edmund replied;
“but I do know that they are overhead again, and
I’m going to keep the car rising until I find out
what the mystery means.”

  “But what makes the shadows?” I asked. “Where
does the light come from?”

  “Of course it must come from above,” Edmund
replied, “since the shadows are below our level and
appear all around us. I take it that the sun is
breaking through the clouds overhead. But what
the objects are that cast the shadows I can’t guess.
That they are very much alive, and that their name
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

607

is legion, are facts which require no demonstration
after our recent experience.”	a

  All this time we were rising, and in a few’ mo-
ments the strange phenomenon recurred. The
thunder of blows again fell upon the car, and the in-
distinguishable rush by the windows was resumed.
Ala turned slightly pale, her maids cowered to-
gether, Henry hid his face, and even Edmund
seemed disconcerted.

  “It’s very strange,” he muttered. “I’ll have to
turn on the search-light.”

A Flock of Bats

THIS had been extinguished upon the closing of
the glass of the window when we resumed our
journey, Edmund not taking the trouble then to
replace the apparatus at the forward lookout. He
now put the light in its original position, and, as
its brilliant beam sprang out into the darkness,
placed himself close by the small opening. After
a moment of intense gazing he looked back over
his shoulder with a queer expression.

  Catching my eye, he beckoned to me, and I went
to his side.

  “Look out there!” he said in a low voice.

  As I did so I was unable to repress an exclama-
tion. The shaft of light fell upon thousands of
huge flapping wings, belonging to what I can only
liken to enormous bats, which were whirling about
the car and blindly striking by hundreds against
it, as they rushed on in an endless procession.

  Soon it became apparent that they were revolving
in a vast circle; and their previous sudden disap-
pearance was explained when, as if at a signal, they
all turned their flight upward and rose again above
the level of the car.

  The things looked so uncanny that I shuddered
at the recollection of the sight, while Edmund
seemed lost in thought.

  “What is it?” called out Jack impatiently from
his bench. “What do you see?”

  While I was trying to frame an answer Edmund
spoke up in words that filled me with surprise.

  “It’s the next step to Hades, I reckon,” is what he
said.

  Jack didn’t catch his drift, and I had to think
a moment before I asked:

  “What in the world do you mean?”

“I mean this,” replied Edmund, seizing one of the
knobs and giving it a sudden turn. “We’ve got to
get up out of here before the tempest strikes us.”
“You don’t think that they can harm us, do you?”
I said, with my mind on the flying creatures.

  “Not they, but what they announce. Hold on
tight now, for I am going to make her spin.”
Before touching the knob again, he took Ala by
the band and made her sit on one of the benches,
showing her how to hold herself firmly in position.
Then he planted himself by his controllers, and a
moment later we felt the car bound upward.

A Tempest on Venus

BUT the warning which Edmund had read in the
conduct of the gigantic birds had come too late.
We shot through their array, knocking them right
and left by thousands as we rushed upward; but
the deafening sound thus created was nothing to the
awful uproar that immediately succeeded.

  I turned dizzy as the car began to spin and plung®
like a cork in a whirlpool.

  We were caught in a tempest with a vengeance!
It was getting lighter outside, but the light was
more fearful than the darkness. It was a lurid red
gleam that made the boiling clouds which surged
against the windows resemble foam upon a sea
of blood whipped to madness by furiously battling
winds.

  All that we had experienced in the terrible pas-
sage of the crystal mountains was child’s play to
this!

  The howling and shrieking of the wind was
enough to drive one mad. It seemed to blow a
dozen ways at once. The car rolled, bobbed, tossed,
and plunged, and, despite all our efforts, we were
flung upon the floor, striking against one another,
grasping at supports, out of breath, helpless with
terror, all shouting at intervals and nobody hearing
a word in the hubbub of noises.

  Edmund abandoned all efforts to control the car,
and devoted himself to saving Ala as much as he
could.

  He held her in his arms, and braced himself in
a corner where two of the benches running along
the walls met. Even in that terible excitement I
noticed a look of confidence in her face as she fixed
her eyes upon Edmund. Jack suffered fearfully
from the shocks he received, and I did my best to
aid him.

  Once I caught Edmund’s eye, and he glanced
meaningly upward, which I took for an intimation
that the car was still rising, and that he looked for
deliverance from our peril in that way. But there
W'ere certainly times when we plunged downward
with fearful speed, for we would be almost lifted
from the floor by the inertia.

  This dreadful scene may have lasted an hour, or
it may have lasted not more than twenty minutes;
but it seemed endless. The change came with great
suddenness.

  One moment we were rolling and pitching, as
usual, and the next—it was all over.

The Danger Over

'"pHE car seemed to have been struck dead, it was
A so absolutely motionless. At the same instant
the howling of the wind passed away in a dying
scream. My ears rang still with the echo, and I
was too dizzy to stand straight.

  In a few moments it became evident that the mo-
tionlessness of the car was only apparent. We were
still rising. Edmund gently placed Ala on a bench
and went to the controllers. After turning a couple
of knobs, he faced about with a cheering smile.

  “We are out of it,” he said. “There is no more
danger. The only thing there w'as to do was to keep
on rising. We are now above the denser part of the
atmosphere, and the cyclones are whirling far be-
neath us. I will bring the car to rest, and if I am
not mistaken you will look down upon a scene that
you will not soon forget.

  “I cannot open the air-tight glass shutters,” he
continued, “because at the elevation where we now
are the air is too rare especially for Ala and her
friends—but by inclining the car a little to one side
we can have a good view.”

There was an arrangement of movable weights
608

AMAZING STORIES

sliding upon bars to produce an inclination toward
one side or the other; and in a few minutes Edmund
had the car, which was now practically at rest, so
canted that one of the large windows afforded a view
almost directly downward.

An Amazing View from the Air

THE spectacle beneath drove the memory of an
awful experience, for the moment, from the
minds of all. The sun was shining brilliantly over-
head, and its light fell upon a raging sea of clouds,
which, except at their edges, where they were torn
into flying scud, looked as dense as white molten
metal.

  A hundred tornadoes appeared to be whizzing at
once, all turning in the same direction with sicken-
ing velocity; and where these whirlwinds came to-
gether, their peripheries moving opposite ways, it
was as if two gigantic buzz-saws had met, each
plowing the other to pieces and whirling the frag-
ments round in the wildest confusion. The play of
lightning was fierce and incessant; but when we
were in the midst of it, it had passed unnoticed, the
thunder being blended with the roar of the wind.

  "Good Heavens!” cried Jack, holding himself pain-
fully erect at the window. “Did we come through
that?”

  “Indeed we did,” replied Edmund, “and I don’t
mind saying that I shouldn’t like to venture such a
trip again.”

  “But what does it all mean?” I asked.

  “Its meaning is clear enough. In penetrating to-
ward the torrid circle, where the unsetting sun is
forever in the zenith, we have entered the zone of
tempests that surrounds it. The heated air is al-
ways rising above the area enclosed in the central
circle and flowing off above on all sides.

  “Colder air rushes in below to take its place; and
at a certain distance from the center, which we
have reached, the contending currents come together
with the results that you see.”

  Ala, who had resumed all of her usual self com-
mand, was one of the most eager of the watchers of
this spectacle, and Edmund and she communed to-
gether for a long time, pointing out and discussing
the marvelous features of the scene.

  At last I asked Edmund:

  “What do you mean to do next? Go back?”
“No,” he replied. “At least, we’ll not go back the
way we came. Having got so far, I think we’ll cir-
cumnavigate the planet and take a bird’s-eye look
at it. Jack seems to be getting along pretty well,
and by keeping near the upper limit of the atmo-
sphere we can travel so fast that the whole trip will
not occupy more than twenty-four hours.”

  “That’s it,” cried Jack; “that suits me exactly. To
go back the way we came would look as if we had
been beaten.”

  The talk of going back set my mind once more on
the dangers that were probably gathering for us at
the capital, and I could not refrain from saying
quietly to Edmund:

  “You know you ought to get back as soon as pos-
sible, for I am sure there are plots hatching that
may have terrible consequences. Remember that the
eagle beak on the black throne is against us, and
our absence with Ala leaves him a free field. Ingra,
too, is at liberty?”

  But Edmund only smiled at my gloomy forebod-
ings.

  “You borrow too much trouble,” he said.

  But neither he in his buoyant optimism, nor I
with my half-defined suspicions, foresaw what was
coming.

CHAPTER XXI.

The Land of Night Again

ALTHOUGH the sun was now continually over-
head and entirely unclouded, we did not suf-
fer from its heat, because we were running
at so great an elevation that the air was rarer than
on the loftiest terrestrial mountain, and the rays
that struck the outside of the polished car were re-
flected off without penetrating.

  But on the planet below us, buried in its blanket
of heavy air, the effect of the intense and unceasing
solar radiation was terrific. We had already seen
one of its results in the belt of cyclones, but as we
passed over that and entered the central torrid cir-
cle, we beheld, if possible, still more dreadful in-
dications of the merciless action of the sun.

  When we had left the region of clouds and storms
behind, the bare surface of the planet became visi-
ble, and Edmund kept one side of the car inclined
downward to give us a better view from the win-
dow,

A Desert on Venus

WE were many miles above the ground, and the
smaller details were not visible even with our
binoculars; but we did not dare to drop lower be-
cause of the heat, which, in spite of our great dis-
tance, came to our faces, even through the thick
glass, like the blast of a furnace.

   Evidently, no life could exist on that scorched sur-
face, and not a drop of water could stay there. Mil-
lions of square miles of land lay literally roasting,
and its prevailing dark-brick color suggested the
idea that it was red-hot.

  There was no temptation to linger here, and in a
short while we rose entirely above the atmosphere,
in order, as Edmund said, to make it safe for him to
turn the “interplanetary knob,” and set the car go-
ing at a speed of more than a mile a second. In
this way the transit of the torrid circle, though it
was thousands of miles broad, was effected in an
hour, and upon approaching the opposite border we
saw again the ring of swirling clouds that encloses
it all round.

  Jack, who was now rapidly recovering the use of
his limbs, stood with us most of the time at the
window; and as he saw the clouds passing far be-
neath, the thought seemed for the first time to strike
his mind that in circumnavigating the planet we
should once more visit the scene of our first adven-
ture on the dark hemisphere.

  “By Jove, Edmund,” he suddenly sang out, “we’ll
have to cross those mountains again!”

  “Of course we will,” said Edmund, “but it will
be a simple matter now. We’ll go miles above their
tops.”

  “And, hooray! We’ll visit the caverns,” Jack
went on, with rising spirits. “Juba, old boy,” slap-
ping him on the latter’s hairy back, "you are going
to see your old home once more, do you understand?
            i

A COLUMBUS OF SPACE	609

 But we won’t leave you there. No, sirree! We can’t
 part with you. I want to see you in New York once."

    “But, if Juba shmiid want to stay with his friends
 —” I began.

 “Then, he’ll have to stay,” Edmund interrupted
 gravely. “And I am going to advise him to stay.”

    "Aw, Juba won’t want to stay,” said Jack, laugh-
 ing. “He likes our company too well.”

    But Edmund’s words and manner set me to worry-
 ing again about what was going an behind our backs
 at the capital; and I was impatient to return and
 have it out, and then get away for good.

    Edmund saw the trend of my thoughts—I believe
 he was beginning to acquire something of Ala’s
 power of mind-reading—and he said to me, in an
 aside:

    “Don’t be so down-hearted. It’ll come out all
 right. Keep your courage up, and help me with the
 others.”

    We passed over the storm-zone at high speed, and
 then came the temperate, or inhabited, zone; but the
 part of it now beneath our eyes was on the opposite
 side of the planet from the capital. It appeared to
 be dotted with villages; and occasionally the towers
 of a considerable city were visible. Ala, however,
 informed Edmund that this portion of Venus was
 mainly devoted to agriculture, and contained no
 great towers. We were so high that the airplanes
 in sight seemed to be crawling upon the ground.

Leaving the Night Hemisphere

 A NOTHER belt of clouds ahead soon reminded us
 that we were rapidly approaching the borders
 of the night hemisphere, and our expectations be-
 came eagerly alive. Ala, especially, was nervously
 excitable over the prospect.

    Now, at last, she was to enter that mysterious
 country which none of her people had ever succeeded
 in penetrating, and concerning which so many su-
 perstitions and traditions existed. The majestic
 majordomo, who had behaved with commendable
 equanimity through all of our adventures thus far,
 showed a little nervousness, I thought, when Ala
 explained to him what was about to happen. I
 watched Juba closely, but his face was impassive.

   The night hemisphere, you will remember, is
 ringed outside the crystal mountains by another zone
 of tempests and a broad sea into which the rivers
 periodically formed by the melting ice pour. Wd
 were now so high that the storms did not trouble us;
 and we admired, at our leisure, the shining expanse
 of sea surface, whitened with foam, that showed
 through shifting breaks in the tempestuous clouds.

    Presently, Edmund, who had been watching from
 the lookout, slowed down and swung the car half-
 way round.

    “Now’s your chance,” he said. “Take a look at
 the mountains before we cross them.”

 We all crowded round the window. There they
 lay, those terrific ice peaks, in a long glittering line
 upon the horizon. Their tops were wreathed in
 straggling clouds, through which occasionally darted
 a diamond-bright flash where the level sunlight was
 reflected from some smooth flank of pure ice.

 “I wonder if we can see the place where we were
 imprisoned by the fall of the car?” said Jack.

 “No,” Edmund replied. “That is over on the
 other side. Remember we are approaching the dark

 hemisphere at a point opposite to where we left;
 it.”

   “But the snow mountains' seem just the same
 here.”

An Arctic Cold on Venus

ccnpO be sure. Why shouldn’t they he the same?

        The planet is completely ranged wrfch them, for
 the moisture-laden air flows off equally on dll ftfcfes
 of the globe.”

   We were already it sueh an elevation that we
 could clear the mountains and the stowwy ah* ffiat
 raged above their heads; and Edmund, after fifteen
 minutes stoppage, resumed the journey. Gradually’
 a marvelous scene opened around us.

    The air seemed to darken, and the stars began to
 appear. These grew brighter as the night deepened,
 and soon they glowed with inci'eATEle brfBfeitcy. It
 was so long since my eyes had beheld item, that I
 was astonished by their brightness and their mul-
 titude. But the effect upon Ala and her atteniants
 was indescribable.

   You must remember that none of them had ever
 seen a star before, and now suddenly they bcfcdfd
 thousands. They could not comprehend the meaning
 of the wonderful spectacle. It was such a revelaffen
 of the universe as they had never dreamed of.

    When we had passed completely wifcfem ffie realm
 of darkness, with the crystal mountains oifte more
 flaming in fiery shapes behind us, Edinurid brought
 the car to rest.

    He had already started the electric heaters and
 clothed Ala in furs, and now the rest of tfs got out
 our arctic garments from the lockers.

    “I am now preparing to drop down to the ground,”
 Edmund said, “in order to take our bearings. A
 few observations of the stars will enable me to
 orient myself, arid then we can set out with con-
 fidence in search of the caverns.”

   The descent was made rapidly, and then, in our
 warm clothing, we stepped out of the car upon tho
 icy shingle.

    Ala shivered at the touch of the glacial air, and
 her maids and the majordomo quickly fled back into
 the shelter of the car. But Edmund wished Ala to
 remain outside, and he doubled the furs covering her
 until she intimated that she no longer felt any dis-
 comfort from the cold. Then he got out his instru-
 ments of observation.

    But first he pointed out the earth and the moon
 to Ala. That was a thrilling moment to all of us!

    How splendid our old planet looked up there, and
 how proud we felt as we watched Edmund endeavor-
 ing to make his companion comprehend what it was
 that she saw. I think that he succeeded, at least
 so far that she understood that it was our world
 which shone so splendidly overhead.

 “Do you understand what this means?” asked Ed-
 mund, suddenly turning to me.

“I understand that that is the earth, of course,”

I replied.

 “But, are you not surprised to find it still so high
 overhead here?”

Then the truth burst upon me.

A Year of the Venus Calendar

 «TTfHY, yes!” I exclaimed; “it means that a
 V t whole year has elapsed since we arrived upon
610

AMAZING STORIES.

Venus. She has gone round her orbit, and con-
back into conjunction with the earth.”

  “More than a year,” Edmund replied. “Some five
hundred and eighty days; for that is about the time
from one conjunction to the next.”

  “Do you mean to say that we have been here al-
most twenty months?” cried Jack.

  ‘There is the evidence,” Edmund responded. “As-
tronomy doesn’t lie.”

  “Well,” said Jack, “it’s the shortest twenty months
in my experience.”

  Henry, after his fashion, said nothing, but looked
gloomy and disgruntled in the glare of the electric
light streaming from the car.

  Having finished his observations, Edmund an-
nounced that he now knew his course and could take
us directly to the caverns of Juba’s people. But, be-
fore entering the car, he took Ala again by the
arm, and they stood together for a long time, gazing
up at the earth and the stars, while he communed
with her, telling her, in that strange language, I
know not what marvelous things which must have
been revelations of enormous significance to her in-
telligence.

  I can see them yet, standing there side by side,
and I can recall the very expression of her beautiful
eyes, peering out of the hooding furs, as she drank
in his thoughts, with a look of mingled love, and
admiration, and confidence.

  At length we reentered the car and, rising to a
moderate elevation, resumed our journey at a rapid
pace. The pathless frozen desert beneath us glit-
tered occasionally in the starlight, and after a long
time we caught sight of the well-remembered shafts
of light rising from the ground.

  “We are getting into the inhabited region,” said
Edmund. “We shall have to search a little for land-
marks,” he added, “because, of course, my observa-
tions are not as accurate as those of a geodetic sur-
vey, and I cannot locate the precise position of
Juba’s caverns. But I can come very close to them,
and I depend upon Juba himself to aid in finding the
exact spot.”

  Since our arrival in the dark hemisphere I had
frequently studied Juba’s countenance, and I de-
tected many signs of the interest that the poor fel-
low experienced in finding himself once more in
his own land. Still, it seemed to me that Jack was
right, and that Juba would prefer to stay with us
than to remain with his people.

The Caverns Once More

WE passed over several groups of inhabited
caverns, but we saw no signs of life except the
light shafts issuing upward.

  We now ran close to the surface, and kept a
sharp outlook. Suddenly Juba slapped his hairy
hands with an expression of delight, and pointed to
a row of lights which he seemed to recognize.

  “That’s it,” said Edmund. “I was sure he would
know when he was at home.”

  There was no mistake about it. Juba had recog-
nized his own village, so to speak, probably by the
arrangement of the shafts. In a little while, we our-
selves became aware of a certain familiar aspect of
the landscape, and, almost without hesitation, we
approached the mouth of our ovm cavern. Then we

came softly down to the ground, and the door was
thrown open.

  “Hold on,” said Jack “let’s give them a surprise.
Let’s fire a gun in salute.”

  Edmund made no objection, and Jack, who had
almost entirely recovered his activity, fired the sig-
nal.

  As the sound rattled through the frozen air, we
waited with great curiosity, standing within a few
rods of the terrible altar on which I had nearly been
sacrificed.

  Presently, two or three hairy heads appeared at
the cavern’s mouth. Juba immediately ran toward
them. They disappeared like frightened rabbits, and
Juba dashed down the steps in pursuit. We halted
at the top to let him soothe the fears of his com-
patriots. In a short time he reappeared with a
dozen companions.

  Evidently he had explained the situation, and I
was rather surprised at the apparent indifference
with which they greeted us. We seemed much more
glad to see them than they were to see us. I recog-
nized several well-known faces among them.

  Then, accompanied by Ala and her attendants,
we descended, escorted by Juba, who seemed to take
great pride in leading us. Arrived at the first un-
derground apartment, we found a great crowd of
the hairy natives assembled.

Juba Meets His Friends

THE women were more cordial in their greetings
than the men, and seemed especially interested
in Ala and her maids. I expected to see some indica-
tions of concern over the fate of those who had been
lost in the flood, but I observed none; and I do not
really know whether or not any explanation of their
absence was given by Juba.

  While most of our party remained in this cham-
ber, Edmund took Ala and the majordomo on an ex-
ploration of the deeper parts of the cavern. Ala
expressed the greatest interest in everything she
saw. Edmund told me that he showed her the coal-
mines, the black-smith shop, and all the curiosities
of the place.

  But there was no reason for lingering there, and,
as soon as Edmund had completed his circuit, pre-
parations were made for our departure. Then Ed-
mund took Juba aside and tried, as he had said he
would, to persuade the fellow to remain with his
own people. But Juba was deaf to all arguments;
and at last Edmund, throwing up his hands, said:

  “Well, it’s no use. Juba is determined to go back
with us; so we’ll have to take him.”

  Poor Juba!

  I often think of him now. How infinitely better
it would have been for him if he had not been so
fond of the strangers who had dropped into his
gloomy world out of the starry sky!

   CHAPTER XXII.

At the Capital

    NEED not detain you with an account of our
    return trip.

      Edmund again laid his course by the stars,
and running at a high elevation we passed over the
crystal mountains and their warring tempests, be-
lieving that we could recogniw with our glasses the
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

 huge jeweled peak that had once so nearly wrought
 our destruction. Edmund pointed this out to Ala, as
 she clung to his arm; and then we crossed the sea
 where we had first met her, and were soon coursing
 under the great cloud-dome in the land of filtered
 sunshine.

   Upon reaching the capital, the same scenes of
 jubilation were renewed; but there was great sur-
 prise at our reappearing from exactly the opposite
 direction to that in which we had been expected.
 An airplane was at once despatched to recall those
 who were waiting for us on the border of the twi-
 light zone.

   There can be no doubt that the forebodings which
 had so long occupied my mind tended to color my
 judgment, yet I would have sworn that I detected
 a change in the moral atmosphere of the capital.
 Our greeting from the people was hearty, as usual,
 but there were faces which seemed to me to wear a
 half-concealed scowl; and I caught, occasionally, an
 unfriendly glance in the crowd.

   These things impressed me so deeply that again I
 warned Edmund.

   “The current is beginning to run against us,” I
 told him. “I am sure of it.”

   This time he did not laugh at my fears. On the
 contrary, he said:

   “Yes, I believe you are right. But I am not
 afraid. We have weathered worse storms.”

   “But, what will you do?”

 “Let events take their course, and watch them.”
 “Then you may be too late. Listen to me. Pre-
 pare the car, get Ala's consent to go, for I believe
 she would follow you anywhere, and start for the
 earth at the earliest possible moment.”

   Edmund mused a little while; then he said:

   “The day after to-morrow.”

   “The day after to-morrow?” I replied impa-
 tiently. “Why trifle thus? You know that there are
 no days and to-morrows in this kind of endless
 light.”

   Edmund smiled.

   “Count forty-eight hours by your watch,” he
 said, ‘ and at the end of that time, I promise you to
 start.”

   This promise heartened me immensely. But I did
 not know what that “day after to-morrow” had in
 store. The blow was nearer falling than I could have
 suspected.

   It was hastened without doubt, by an occurrence
 which nobody could foresee or govern, and which,
 if it had happened at the time of our first arrival,
 would probably have had no mischievous conse-
 quences for us.

   But, since that fatal interview in the temple, all
 was changed; and an event more disastrous for us
 than that which now occurred, Ingra himself could
 not have devised.

 The Opening of the Cloud Dome
 TT was the opening of the cloud-dome!

 -*• I have already told you that at certain unpre-
 dictable times a rift appeared in the pearly vault of
 the heavens, and the sun for a few minutes blazed
 down through the opening in unclouded splendor.
 So many years had elapsed since the last occurrence
 of this phenomenon, that for the younger genera-
 tion it was only a tradition; yet it was a tradition

611

 on which the pagan religious system—of which the
 eagle-faced sphinx in the red-lighted temple was
 the head-center—was based; and its influence upon
 the ignorant and superstitious multitude was un-
 bounded and irresistible.

   This terrible priest, whose hatred of us had of
 course, been stimulated by Ala's open defiance, had,
 as I feared, occupied the time of our absence in
 poisoning as many minds as possible against us;
 and his sacred character had enabled him to spread
 the venom of religious prejudice with amazing ra-
 pidity. Even if we had not wasted time on our un-
 fortunate expedition, I do not know that we could
 have done much to counteract his pernicious in-
 fluence; but then, at least, we should have been
 ready at an earlier date to escape from his clutches.

   And who knows what Ala, with her great popu-
 tenty might have accomplished if she had been on
 the ground ? I did not doubt for a moment that In-
 gra was in the capital, and thick in the plot.

   The opening of the dome came very suddenly. It
 was announced by a great shout—a rare occurrence
 from the people who happened to be on the outer
 platforms of the palace tower.

   We were all with Ala at the time, Edmund being
 engaged in trying to decipher the curious characters
 in a large book which she had brought him.

   Upon hearing the shout, we all ran out.

   The scene was one of the most unforgettable
 things that occurred in our whole expedition. Ex-
 cited people were crowding the platforms, jostling
 one another, jabbering, pushing, and pointing up-
 ward; some already on their knees, others with looks
 of the utmost consternation, throwing their arms
 wildly above their heads, while hundreds of airplanes
 were circling like frightened birds above the towers.

The Venerians See the Sun

T glanced upward, following the direction of thou-

 *	sands of eyes, and was momentarily blinded by
 the fierce glare of the sun, pouring its unmitigated
 rays straight down through a narrow rift in the
 cloud-dome.

   The gold and jewels that decorated the tower mado
 it blaze with a splendor like that of a huge frost-
 gemmed tree struck by the morning rays after a
 winter night’s ice-storm. It wa3 too dazzling to look
 upon.

   Then there was a movement in the vast throng, a
 space cleared itself, and the gigantic augur, wearing
 a great black miter flaming with circles of rubies
 and carbuncles, appeared, his strange beak project-
 ing ominously and his black eyes aglow.

   Thousands instantly dropped on their knees as he
 slowly advanced. With one long arm carrying a sort
 of crozier, he pointed aloft, while he muttered a
 chant that fell like a charm upon the superstitious
 multitude.

   I glanced at Ala.

   She did not stir; and I felt my heart give an ex-
 ultant bound, with the conviction which flashed over
 me that her active, penetrating mind had flung off
 the burden of this superstition. How much Edmund
 had been able to teach her, I do not know; but I
 gave him all credit for the change.

 Soon the terrible priest directed hi3 menacing
 glance upon us, as we continued standing after ali
 the others had abjectly fallen before him.
612

AMAZING STORIES

   If his eyes had glared before, they turned to liv-
ing flames now. With a majestic stride, he advanced
toward Ala; and I thought for a moment that he
meant to strike her down with his staff. Edmund
pushed her behind him; and I shall never cease to
thrill at the recollection that I, with a boldness that
surprised and gratified me afterward, sprang in-
stantly to Edmund’s side, with Jack—brave old Jack
at my elbow.

  What we should have done next I do not know
for our enemy hesitated.

An Anathema

WHETHER he was cowered by our menacing
aspect, or whether he thought it unbecoming
his dignity to attack us physically, at any rate, he
stopped short. Then, towering to his full height,
he made one vast sweep with his arms, and covered
us, I suppose, with a withering anathema.

As far as he was concerned, that apparently ended

 it.

  He paid us no more attention after that than if
we had been so many sticks, but directed his gaze
straight at the sun. I saw its rays sparkle in the
corner of his black eyes, which never winked; and
I nope I may be forgiven for wishing, as I did, that
iiis god would strike him blind on the spot!

   As I glanced around, I caught side looks from the
prostrate worshippers which boded no good.

   Suddenly a cold hand seemed to have been planted
over the pit of my stomach, for there, lifting his
head above the kneeling crowd and staring at us
with a wicked grin, was Ingra! An instant later,
and before I could speak to Edmund, he was gone.

   Th'is capped the climax of my apprehensions. The
mere fact that Ingra dared to show himself here
attested the change that had occurred in our situa-
tion. After a moment’s thought, I determined not
to tell Edmund at present what I had seen.

  The spectacle of the opening of the dome ended
as unexpectedly as it had begun. The rift closed,
and then, for a few moments, the contrast between
the unclouded brilliance of the sun and the soft
glow that succeeded had an effect as if we had been
plunged into night.

   Finally, objects became clearer, there was a great
movement of the closely packed throng, the people
rose from their knees, and the black priest had gone
as mysteriously as if he had been snatched up into
the sky.

CHAPTER XXIII.

The Blow Falls

AFTER the scene that I have tried to describe in
the last chapter, events hurried on with a rapid-
ity which was not apparent upon their surface.

   I believe that Edmund with all his perspicacity,
failed to appreciate their meaning. In fact, he was
himself responsible for giving them an impetus to-
ward the inevitable crisis, which, but for the prema-
ture step that he and Ala took, might have been de-
layed considerably.

   But I shall come to that in a few minutes.

  As the excitement of the crowd died down, the
people began to move about in groups, communing
together about the marvel that they had witnessed.

The unfavorable attitude toward us was spreading
among them

  It was plain that it had grown enormously in
strength since the scene with the augur, and the
impression quickly reached those who had not been
near enough to see for themselves.

   I could not speak immediately to Edmund, because
he was continually in conference with Ala; but get-
ting Jack aside, in order not to alarm Henry, who
was already in a pitiable state of moral collapse, I
opened my mind to him.

   “Jack,” I said, “Edmund has promised to get away
soon.”

   “Well, that’ll be a good thing, I reckon,” was the
reply.

  “What do you think of the sentiment of this
crowd?”

   “I shouldn’t like to trust myself alone in it. But,
say! Didn’t we back the old medicinc-man down in
great shape?”

  “I don’t think we backed him down at all,” I
replied. “He has better ways of ruining us than by
attacking us with a big stick.

  “Humph!” said Jack. “I’d have had the drop on
him, if he’d made another move.”

   “But you are in favor of our getting away at the
earliest possible moment?”

   “Oh, yes; I think we’d better go. I’ve had enough
of Venus. But I’m not for backing down. If Ed-
mund can take Ala along, all right. That’s a little
romance that’s got to go through.”

   “We’ve got the religious sentiments of these peo-
ple against us now,” I said, “and we can’t afford to
stay an unnecessary minute.”

The Danger Thickens

anpHEIR religious sentiments be hanged!” ex-
i- claimed Jack. “What’s their religion? A set
of pagans! But, by Jove, these girls of Venus are
great. I only wish I could have had Edmund’s luck.”
“He may not be as lucky as he seems,” I re-
plied. “But, come, Jack, I want you to help me per-
suade Edmund to start even sooner than he has
promised—in fact, right away.”

  Jack stared at me a moment.

  “See here, Albert,” he said. “I'm with you in
thinking that the sooner we’re off the better, but
I’m not for budging a step until Edmund gives the
word. He knows his affairs and Ala’s.

   “When they’re ready, off we go, as far as I’m con-
cerned. But that girl has got to be left to choose
her time; and, if Edmund wants to stay and become
King of Venus, I’m not the man to coax him away.”
There was no more to he made out of Jack. I
thought it would do no good to tell him that Ingra
was here, for probably he would be all the more
eager to stay and fight it out.

   At the first opportunity, however, I brought Ed-
mund back to the subject of getting away. He saw
what was in my mind before I could speak.

  “What does your watch say?” he asked good-
naturedly. “Is it day after to-morrow yet?”

  “No, of course not; but listen, Edmund. Don’t
you see how the peril thickens around us? I pro-
test that I am no coward; but it would be defying
fate to stay here any longer. Can’t you persuade
Ala to go at once?”

Edmund paused a minute before replying; and
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

613

then he said, with some embarrassment of manner:
“I promised you to start in forty-eight hours. I
thought that it could be managed, else I shouldn’t
have promised; but things have taken another turn.
Ala refuses to go; and you know,” laying his hand
on my arm, “that I can’t leave her.”

Edmund’s Determination

«T> UT what do you propose, then; to stay here
  -O all your life?"

  “That’s it!”

  There was no trace of regret in his tone. It was
plain that henceforth this, and not his mother earth,
was to be Edmund’s world.

  Before I could say anything in reply, he went on:
“But, of course, I don’t mean to keep you and
Jack and Henry here. I am going to show you
exactly how to manage the car; and I feel sure that
you can navigate her home as well as I could my-
self.”

  The idea of parting from Edmund, of leaving him
alone on this distant planet while we returned to the
earth, had never crossed my mind. Now, coming so
suddenly, it quite overwhelmed me.

  I had long ago forgotten to feel the least resent-
ment because he had practically kidnapped us and
brought us way off here against our knowledge and
against our will. It seemed to me like desertion to
leave him, and I could not reconcile myself to the
thought.

  I felt a lump rising in my throat; and it would
not surprise me if there were tears in my eyes.

  “But, Edmund, I finally managed to say, “you
can’t stay, you know, and Ala can’t stay. The lives
of both of you will be sacrificed. Your enemies are
too numerous and too powerful.”

  “No,” he replied cheerfully. “We shall run no
great danger. Ala believes that she can stem the
tide; and I believe it, too, for there never was an-
other such a woman! She proposes tftat we meet the
machinations of the chief priest with a counter-
stroke.”

  “What sort of counterstroke can you deal?”

  “You know how popular Ala has always been, and
you know also how charmed the whole population
was with the news of our romance. It is the in-
grained nature of these children of the sun. They
passionately love the romantic and the beautiful.

  “We believe that we can overcome the opposition
of the superstitious element and rouse enthusiastic
devotion to ourselves, by publicly proclaiming our
betrothal, and celebrating our nuptials at the ear-
liest possible moment; and we are going to do it.”
I was struck dumb—the thing was so unexpected
and, to my mind, so preposterous.

  “Why, Edmund,” I at last managed to say,”
“that’s the very thing to bring your enemies down
upon you.

  “If you are determined to stay here on Venus, all
right. For Heaven’s sake don’t take a step so
openly defiant as that which you propose. Keep in
the background, and get Ala to try her arts of per-
suasion until the storm blows over.”

  Nothing that I could urge moved him. He and
Ala had made up their minds, and that was the end
of it.

  He wound up the discussion by asking me to go
at once to the car, in order that he might instruct

me in the management of the controllers. Ala, as
well as Jack, Henry, and Juba, accompanied us.

  The mere knowledge of Ingra’s presence was
sufficient to make Edmund wish to have Ala con-
tinually under his eye; and the others followed where
they saw us going. The lesson was not long, for
already I had a general idea of the management of
the machinery; but it was rendered a little difficult
by the tacit understanding between Edmund and me
that Henry should not be told what was in the wind.

  He would be glad enough to go home, but we were
sure that he would oppose any one acting as engineer
except Edmund. The affair was managed without
exciting Henry’s suspicions. Afterward, I got Jack
aside and toid him the whole story.

  As I expected, he adopted Edmund’s view at
once.

  “Just the thing to do,” he declared. “But, I tell
you what, I’m more than half disposed to stay here
myself, if Edmund does.”

  “Do as you like, Jack,” I replied; “but I’m going
to get away just as soon as I am certain that Ed-
mund and Ala cannot, after all, be persuaded to go,
and that they are in no immediate danger.”

  You are not to suppose, f»om what I have said,
that Ala was deserted by her people in the midst of
the serious trouble in which she and we had involved
ourselves. Her self-confidence, as exhibited in the
plan which she had formed with Edmund, was alone
a sufficient indication that she had plenty of friends
left, and that her rank and character still protected
her.

The Betrothal

AS soon, then, as she had informed these friends
and faithful supporters of her design, they loy-
ally aided her to put it into execution. At a less an-
xious moment I should have eagerly examined into
all the details of the singular ceremony by which
the betrothal of the queen to a stranger of another
race and from another world was to be proclaimed
to her people. As it was, my mind was too full, and
only the culminating scene was stamped on my
memory.

  The immense palace-tower and hundreds of other
towers all over the city were decorated as we had
never seen them before. The display of color was
amazing, even after our experience.

  Most beautiful of all, I thought, was the spectacle
presented by the thousands of airplanes and airships
in gala dress. They spiraled about, so countless and
so brilliant, so swift and so graceful in their mazy
circlings, that one seemed to be plunged into the
midst of a vast swarm of the most gorgeous butter-
flies.

  So dazzling and fascinating a spectacle was never
conceived by the most ingenious inventor of carni-
vals and ballets.

  But even while I stood admiring it I could not
drive away the thought that this wonderful display
was, in itself, simply a defiance to our enemies, the
waving of the toreador’s scarlet flag, and I shud-
dered at consequences which I could not foresee.

  The hour for the final ceremony was now close at
hand, and we were all to take a conspicuous part in
it, standing with Ala and Edmund to receive the
congratulations of the people, after a priest, whom
C14

AMAZING STORIES

Ala had won over to her side, had publicly pro-
claimed their betrothal.

  Ala, beautiful as I had never yet seen her, was
already habited in white garments glittering with
diamonds, and Edmund had been fitted out in appro-
priate dress which splendidly set off his magnificent
figure, with a jeweled fillet resting amid his dark
curls.

Preparing to Return to the Earth

WHILE we waited thus in one of the upper
apartments of the palace-tower an irresistible
impulse came to me to examine the car, which had
been removed to a neighboring tower. I do not
know why I suddenly felt this desire—it may have
been some suspicion of possible meddling by Ingra
—but, at any rate, I immediately yielded to it.

  I had a key to the chamber in which the car was
locked, and I said to Edmund, who was in high
spirits:

  “I want to run over to look at the car."

  “All right," he replied, “but you must be back in
a quarter of an hour, without fail."

  “I’ll be back,” I responded, and summoned an air-
boat waiting at the landing.

  Jack and Henry at once expressed a desire to
accompany me, and I consented. We were not a
minute in crossing the space separating the palace
from the adjoining tower, and while Jack and Henry
remained on the landing of the latter, admiring the
scene before them, I approached the locked chamber
containing the car. As I put the key in the door I
asked myself:

  “What am I here for? I’m hanged if I know.
But, anyhow, I’ll take a look."

  I opened the door and entered. The car was ap-
parently all right, and, while I was looking it over
with no particular design, I heard Jack’s voice raised
in great excitement.

  I ran to the door, and a gush of heat smote me
in the face. A single glance showed me that the
palace was in flames! Vast tongues of fire were
leaping up from its lower stories, licking the in-
numerable brilliant balconies, which burst into flame
as if they had been so much tinder.

  Stunned for an instant by the awful sight, the
next moment I leaped into the air-boat, pushing
Jack and Henry before me, but even as we did this
the material of the boat caught fire, and its engineer
sprang back upon the platform of the tower.

“Quick!” I shouted. “We must get the car out.

  We dashed into the apartment containing it, and
now the value of Edmund’s recent instructions was
shown. But for them I should never have been able
to manage it in such an emergency.

  Madly we pushed it out into the furnace of heat,
for our own tower had caught fire, ind, as we
sprang inside, I turned on the power. \ve rose like
a shot out of the flame and smoke.

  Immediately I swung round on the other side of
the palace opposite to that where we had been. Here,
as I hoped, the flames had not yet mounted to the
level that they had attained on the other side. But
a sight met my eyes that, for a moment, drove me
mad with rage.

The Conflagration

THERE, with a single steersman in an air-boat,
was Ingra, torch in hand, spreading the con-
flagration ! Forgetting in my fury what I had come
for, I drove the car straight against him. He turned
with startled eyes, and saw us bearing down upon
him. He read death in my face, and his own grew
pale.

  Desperately he endeavored to evade the encounter,
but the steel car struck his boat like a ram, crushed
in its side, and sent Ingra and his unfortunate com-
panion spinning into the flames below.

  I exulted over the deed! I felt an unholy joy in
having at last wrought vengeance upon this monster.

  Then the thought of the time I had lost flashed
upon me like an accusation.

  “In Heaven’s name!” I cried. “We must save
Edmund and Ala!”

  “And Juba!” shouted Jack.

I turned the car, and sped for the platform on
which I knew that they must be.

  We saw them! But—Heaven forgive me!—w€
were too late!

  My vengeance had been purchased at an awful
price. A minute earlier we might have saved them,
but now they were in the midst of the flames. Ed-
mund had Ala in his arms, and Juba, his long hair
catching the sparks, stood resolutely beside them.

  Edmund saw me, and, as I live, he smiled. He
opened his lips, but in the awful roar of the fire I
could not hear his voice.

  Then he raised his hand, and seemed to be waving
us off. He pointed upward, as if commanding us to
go.

  “I’ll save them yet!” I yelled between my set
teeth, and rushed the car into the flames.

  But at this instant the whole vast structure of the
tower gave way.

  It crumbled like a pile of ashes, and they were
gone,

CHAPTER XXIV.

The Earth

FOR a few minutes after this terrible consum-
mation none of us spoke a word. Henry had
swooned. Jack stood motionless by my side.

  Where the tower had been, and the leaping flames
had raged, was a vast vacuity, with wreathes of
smoke rising from far below.

  The conflagration was now spreading all over the
splendid city. A hundred towers were burning
fiercely on all sides, the pointed flames licking the
sky, and thousands of planes and air-ships that had
also caught fire were dropping like flaming brands
into the furnace.

  The sight filled me at once with pity and with
horror. I saw one large plane, filled with people,
driven, in spite of the exertions of its engineers,
directly over a burning tower. A long spire of
flame reached up and touched it. It seemed to
shrivel like a moth in a candle, and down it went
with all its living freight.

  “Get away from here!” cried Jack, at last recover-
ing his voice.

  I turned the car and we sped away.

For hours we rushed on, not particular to choose
A COLUMBUS OF SPACE

615

our direction. Our only thought was to escape from
this dreadful place. At last I slowed down to take
our bearings.

  We had left the doomed capital behind the hori-
zon, and only the well-known expanse of land be-
neath, with a few airplanes sailing about over it,
and the cloud-dome above our heads, reminded us
that we were still on the planet Venus.

Back to Earth

1 BROUGHT the car to rest and sat down with
Jack to consult. We looked at each other for a
time in silence. Then we both burst into tears.

  When we recovered ourselves we got out some
provisions and set the little table on which Edmund
had served our first morning meal after leaving the
earth. We were ravenous with hunger, but it was
a sad repast.

  Henry had to be forced to eat a few mouthfuls,
for he was yet out of his head and kept up his
strange mutterings. When the meal was finished
Jack and I decided upon our course.

  “There is no reason for staying here another
hour,” I said. “We must start at once for the
earth.”

  “But are you sure that you can manage the car
in open space?” Jack eagerly inquired.

“Yes; Edmund told me everything that needs to
be done,” and my eyes filled with tears as I spoke.

  “Then let us go,” said Jack solemnly.

  We rose swiftly through the cloud-dome, and
once more the magnificent spectacle of the great
white globe was before us. As rapidly as possible
I accelerated the speed of the car, and the huge
planet seemed to sail away into space.

  Once above the atmosphere the heavens turned
black and the stars sprang out to view. There was
the earth again shining brilliantly, with the moon
close at her side, and I set our course for them.

  After a while the indicator showed a speed of
twenty miles a second.

  “I hardly dare to work it up higher,” I said, “but
since Venus and the earth are now again in conjunc-
tion, the distance we have to travel is only about
twenty-six million miles, and we can make it in a
little over eleven and a half days.”

  “And the meteors?” suggested Jack.

  “We shall have to trust to luck,” I replied.

  Oh, what a trip that was 1

  Our hearts were filled with sadness, for, upon my
word, we thought more of Edmund and Ala and
Juba than of the home to which we were returning.

  Henry added to our trouble, for his mind became
every hour more clouded. At length he grew vio-
lent in his insanity, and sometimes we were obliged
to use force to prevent him from injuring himself.

  We had arrived, according to my calculations,
within a quarter of a million miles of the earth, and
already we could begin to see many of its geographi-
cal features, when a crisis arose in Henry’s case.

  He had been quiet for a long time, and we had
ceased to watch him as carefully as we should have
done, when, quite unexpectedly, he was seized with
a maniacal fit, and before a hand could be laid upon
him he had thrown open one of the windows and pre-
cipitated himself out of it.

The First Death

HE leaped with such force that he shot several
yards away from the car. I realized in a flash
that he had gone to his death, for we could not re-
cover him before his bi-eath would be exhausted. It
was necessary instantly to close the window, because
the air was rushing out, and in a few seconds it
would be all gone, and we could not replace it. The
apparatus which Edmund had provided automati-
cally purified the air in the car, and rendered it fit
to be breathed over and over again for an indefinite
time, but there was no means of making more air.

  Already in the few seconds that the window had
remained open the larger part of our supply of air
had escaped, and the moment we had slammed the
window back into its air-tight settings Jack and I
gasped and sank almost helpless on the floor.

  For several minutes we were unable to rise. At
last I struggled to my feet and looked out of the
window.

  There floated Henry’s body, accompanying us in
our flight!

“Oh, Jack!” I said faintly. “I cannot bear this!”

  “What is it?” he managed to whisper, painfully
lifting himself to the window.

  The instant he looked out he dropped back to the
floor with a groan.

  The thought of Henry following us was too hor-
rible to be entertained. Desperately I turned a
guiding wheel, and the car moved away on a dif-
ferent course. But with fascinated eyes I centinued
to watch the body of our friend until, a mere speck,
it faded into the blackness of the sky.

  Poor Henry! He had chosen a strange tomb, as
deep as the heavens and as lasting. I shuddered at
the thought that there he would continue to float
forever, imperishable in germless space, unless, per-
haps, his mother earth should draw him at last
to her bosom, when, flashing for an instant with
meteoric fire, his ashes would be scattered unper-
ceived through the wide atmosphere.

  The desperation of the situation in which I now
found myself it is impossible to put into words.
Jack, whose stoutness doubtless served to diminish
his breathing capacity, continued lying on the floor,
gasping and half asphyxiated. I myself was as weak
as a child, yet I had to guide the car.

The End of Jack

WITHOUT thought of anything but the neces-
sity of reaching the earth, or at least of get-
ting within the limits of the atmosphere, at the ear-
liest possible moment, I recklessly increased the
speed. A few minutes’ time saved might mean life
for Jack. When I spoke to him he could not reply,
but I saw that he was still breathing.

  How that car did spin!

  Before I was aware that we were so near I sud-
denly perceived a vast dark mass filling all the sky
that was visible from the window. The earth! At
last we were almost there. We must be at the
upper limit of the atmosphere, and I dared not con-
tinue this speed any longer.

I slowed down as rapidly as I could, and not a
minute too soon, for I could feel heat coming
through the walls of the car, and at the same mo-
ment the stout glass in one of the windows cracked
{.Continued on -page 669)
^Purchase ofmeWm Foie

Tho noise was truly, awful. The eohocs rolled, in thunders far beyond the realm of the WamasaJ. There was a shrill shriek of the
projectile which traversed the air under the impetus from milliards of milliards of litres of gas. ... At the explosion Barbi-
cane and Nicholl had been thrown down; so had the Sultan, and several thousand natives;

616
What Has Gone Before

~r!$LES VE.RNE has taken us to America. A

B rich widow in love with the mathetnatician
backs a proposition to change the inclination
of the earth’s axis to the ecliptic, 90 an to bring it
vertical thereto, then there will be no change of
seasons; only day and night mil be left. They

anticipate that the North Pole mil then He acces-
sible and that they will find there great coal de-
posits. There is the usual share-holders’ meeting
and everything seems in a fair way to progress in
great triumph. But a lightning stroke upsets the
mathematical calculations.

THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

   By JULES VERNE
   Part II

What Causes The Seasons?

  In the first place, during the diurnal rotation of
Jupiter, which occupies nine hours, fifty-five min-
ute^, the days are always equal to the nights in all
latitudes; that is to say, the Jovian day is four
hours, fifty-seven minutes long, and the Jovian night
lasts also four hours and fifty-seven minutes.

  “There,” said the admirers of Jovian existence,
“you have something suited to people of regular
haHts. They will be delighted to submit to such
regularity.”

  That is what would happen to the Earth if Bar-
bicane did what he promised, only as the new axis
would make no difference in the time of rotation,
twenty-four hours would still separate the success-
ive noons, and our spheroid would be blessed with
nights, and days each twelve hours long, and we
would live in a perpetual equinox.

  “But the climatal phenomena would be much more
curious; and no less interesting,” said the enthusi-
asts, “would be the absence of the seasons.”

  Owing to the inclina-
tion of the axis to the
plane of the orbit, we have
the annual changes known
as spring, summer, au-
tumn, and winter. The
Jovians could know noth-
ing of these things, and
the Terrestrians would
know them no more. The
moment the new axis be-
came pecpcndicular to the
ecliptic there would be
neither frigid zones nor
torrid zones, but the
whole Earth would rejoice
in a temperate climate.

  Why was this?

  What is the Torrid
zone? It is that part of the Earth comprised between
the Tropics of Cancer and Capricorn. Every place
within this zone has the Sun in the zenith twice a
year.

  What are the Temperate zones? The part com-
prised between the Tropics and the Polar circles;
between 23° 28' and 66° 32' of latitude, and in which
the Sun never rises to the zenith, but is above the
horizon on every day in the year.

  What are the Frigid zones? That part of the cir-
cum-polar regions in which the Sun does not rise

abtve the horizon on every day in the year; while
at the Pole itself he does not rise for six months at a
time.

  The height of the Sun above the horizon is the
cause of the excessive heat of the Torrid zone, the
moderate heat of the Temperate zone and the exces-
sive cold within the Polar circles.

  When the axis became perpendicular these things
would be different. The Sun would remain on the
plane of the Equator. All the year around he would
pursue his imperturbable twelve-hour course, and
rise to a distance from the zenith according to the
latitude of the place. In countries of twenty de-
grees of latitude he would rise seventy degrees
above the horizon; in countries of forty-nine de-
grees of latitude he would rise forty-one; in places
of eighty-four degrees he would rise six, and of
ninety degrees (the Pole), he would just peep half
his diameter above the horizon. The days would be
perfectly regular, and the Sun would rise at the
same time, and also at the same point on the horizon,
throughout the year.

  “Look at the advan-
tages!” said the friends
of Barbicane. “Every
man, according to his
temperament, can choose
his own climate, which
will be invariable!”
Those modern Titans,
the North Pole Practical
Association, were going to
effect a complete change
in the state of things
which had existed ever
since the spheroid had
been launched on its orbit
to become the Earth as we
know it.

  The astronomer might
lose a few of the familiar
constellations; the poet might lose the long winter
nights and the long summer days that figure so fre-
quently in modern verse; but what of that when we
think of the advantages that would be enjoyed by
the majority of the human race?

  As the newspapers in the Barbicane interest
pointed out, the products of the Earth being reduced
to regularity, the farmer could always plant and
sow in the most favorable temperature.

  “Be it so!” said the opposition. “But are we to
have no rains, or hail, or storms, or waterspouts, or

 IN the second and final installment we find our favorite
 author continuing this classic tale in a lighter vein.
 Is it possible for the earth’s axis to be changed by any
 human agency? Evidently our hero, Mr. J. T. Maston,
 one of the world's greatest in&thematicians, ought to
 know, because was it not he who successfully made the
 careful calculations of the projectile that took a number
 of travelers on a trip from the earth to the moon, and
 around it?

   Indeed, J. T. Maston was net wrong. He knew his
 mathematics. But then, on the other hand, there arc
 many other things m the universe outside of mathematics,
 and Jules Verne, in his inimitable manner, shows us all
 of these in his concluding chapters.

   Excellent science, excellent humor, and an excellent
 author make a combination hard to beat.

617
618

AMAZING STORIES

other odds and ends .hat make matters pleasant for
the depressed agriculturist?"

Comments

«xrOU may have them, of course,” said the Bar-
it bicanians, “but they will probably be rarer,
owing to the regularity of the climate having its ef-
fect on the troubles of the atmosphere! Yes, hu-
manity will profit greatly by the new state of things.
It will be quite a transformation of the terrestrial
globe. Barbicane & Co. will have conferred much
good on the present and future generations by de-
stroying the inequality of the days and nights and
the irritating diversity of the seasons!”

  And the New York Sun of the 27th of December
concluded one of its most eloquent articles:—
“Honor to Impey Barbicane and his colleagues!
Not only will they have made the Earth more hy-
gienically habitable, but they will have made it
more productive; for then we can sow as soon as we
have harvested; for no time will be wasted over the
winter. Not only will our coal supplies be increased
by the new fields, which will insure a supply for
many long years, but the climatal conditions will
be altered to our great advantage! Honor, then, to
Barbicane & Co., who will take the first rank among
the benefactors of mankind I”

            CHAPTER IX
            Vitriolic Alcide

SUCH were the advantages promised by Barbi-
cane's changing the axi3 of rotation—a
change, however, which would only slightly
affect the movement of our spheroid around the
Sun. The Earth would continue to describe its orbit
through space, and the conditions of the solar year
would remain the same.

  When the consequences of the change of axis
were brought to the knowledge of the world, they
caused extraordinary excitement. At first this prob-
lem of the higher mechanics received an enthusiastic
welcome. The idea of having seasons of constant
equality, and, according to the latitude, “to suit
consumers,” was very attractive. The crowd re-
veled in the thought that they could enjoy the per-
petual spring which the bard of Telemachus accord-
ed to the Island of Calypso, and that they could have
the spring either fresh or mild. Where the new axis
was to be seemed to be the secret of Barbicane,
Nicholl, and J. T. Maston, which they were in no
hurry to present to the public. Would they reveal it
in advance, or would it be known after the experi-
ment? It would be as well to say so, perhaps, as
opinion began to show signs of anxiety in the mat-
ter.	.

  One observation ocurred naturally to the mind,
and was at once commented on in the newspapers.
By what mechanical means was the change to be
produced, which evidently required the employment
of an enormous force?

  The Forum, an important New York review, very
justly remarked: “If the Earth did not turn on its
axis, it is probable that a relatively feeble shock
would suffice to give a movement of rotation around
an axis arbitrarily chosen; but the Earth is like an
enormous gyroscope moving at high velocity, and
it is a natural law that such an apparatus has a
tendency to turn around the same axis, as Foucault

demonstrated in his well-known experiments. It
will therefore be very difficult, if not impossible, to
shift it.’1

  But after asking what would be the effort re-
quired by the engineers of the North Polar Practi-
cal Association, it was at least as interesting to
know if the effort was to be suddenly or insensibly
applied. And if it was to be a sudden effort, would
not the proceedings of Messrs. Barbicane & Co. pro-
duce some rather alarming catastrophies on the face
of the Earth?

A New Character Appears

HERE was something to occupy the brains of the
wise and foolish. A shock is a shock, and it is
never agreeable to receive the blow or the counter-
blow. There was a likelihood that the promoters of
the enterprise had been so busy with the advantages
the world was to possess that they had overlooked
the destruction the operation would entail. And
with considerable cleverness the Major and his allies
made the most of this, and began to agitate public
opinion against the president of the Gun Club.

  Although France had taken bo part in the syndi-
cating, and officially treated the matter with disdain,
yet there was in that country an individual who con-
ceived the idea of setting out for Baltimore, to fol-
low, for his own private satisfaction, the different
phases of the enterprise.

  He was a mining engineer of about five and thirty
year of age. He had been the first on the list when
admitted to the Polytechnic School, and he had been
the first on the list when he left it, so that he must
have been a mathematician of the first order, and
probably superior to J. T. Maston, who, though he
was a long way above the average, was only a cal-
culator after all—that is to say, what Leverrier was
compared to Newton or Laplace.

  This engineer was a man of brains, and—though
he was none the worse for that—somewhat of a
humorist, and an original. In conversation with his
intimates, even when he talked science, his language
was more that of the slang of the streets than of the
academical formulas he employed when he wrote. He
was a wonderful worker, being accustomed to sit
for ten hours at a stretch before his table, writing
pages on pages of algebra with as much ease as he
would have written a letter.

  This singular man was called Pierdeux (Alcide),
and in his way of condensing it—as is the custom
of his comrades—he generally signed himself
APierd, or even AP 1, without even dotting the i.
He was so perfervid in his discussions that he had
been named Vitriolic Alcide. Not only was he big,
but he was tall. His friends affirmed that his height
was exactly the five millionth part of a quarter of
the meridian, and they were not far out. Although
bis head was rather too small for his powerful bust
and shoulders, yet he held it well, and piercing were
the eyes that looked through his pince-nez. He was
chiefly distiguished by one of those physiognomies
in which gaiety and gravity intermingle, and his
hair had been prematurely thinned by the abuse of
algebraic signs under the light of the gas-lamps in
the study.

  He was one of the best fellows whose memory
lingers at the school. Although his character was
independent enough, he was always loyal to the re-
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

619

quirements of Code X, which is law among the Poly-
technicians in all that concerns comradeship and re-
spect for the uniform. He was equally appreciated
under the trees of the court of “Acas,” so named
because there are no acacias, as in the “casers,” the
dormitories, in which the arrangements of his box,
and the order that reigned in his “coffin,” denoted
an absolutely methodical mind.

  That the head of Alcide Pierdeux was a little too
small for his body we admit, but that it was filled to
the meninges will be believed. Above all things, he
was a mathematician as all his comrades are, or
have been, but he only used his mathematics in ap-
plication to experimental science, whose chief at-
traction to him was that it had much to do with in-
dustry. Herein he recognized the inferior side of
his nature. No one is perfect. His strong point was
the study of those sciences which, notwithstanding
their immense progress, have, and always will have,
secrets for their followers.

  Alcide was still a bachelor. He was still “equal
to one,” as he phrased it, although he had no ob-
jection to become “the half of two.” His friends had
had ideas of marrying him to a very charming girl
at Martigues. But, unfortunately, she had a father,
who responded to the first overtures in the follow-
ing “martigalade”: “No, your Alcide is too clever!
He talks to my poor girl in a way that is unintell-
igible to her!”

  And hence Alcide resolved to take a year’s holiday,
and thought he could not employ his time better than
in following the North Polar Practical Association
in its peculiar undertaking.

  As soon as he arrived at Baltimore he began to
think over the matter seriously. That the Earth
would become Jovian by the change of its axis mat-
tered very little to him. But by what means it was
to be brought about excited his curiosity, and not
without reason.

A Frenchman in Baltimore

IN his picturesque language he said to himself,
Evidently Barbicane is going to give our ball a
terrible knock; but what sort of a knock? Every-
thing depends on that! I suppose he is going to play
for ‘side,’ as if with a cue at a billiard-ball; but if he
hits us ‘square’ he may jolt us out of our orbit, and
then the years will dance to a pretty tune. They are
going to shift the old axis for a new one, probably
above it, but I do not see where they are to get their
taking-off place from, or how they are to manage the
knock. If there was no rotation, a mere flip would
suffice, but they can’t put down that diurnal spin.
That is the canisdentum.”

  He meant “the rub,” but that was his way of ex-
pressing himself.

  “Whatever they do,” he continued, “there will be
no end of a row before it is over.”

  Try all he could, the engineer could not discover
Barbicane’s plan, which for one reason was much to
be regretted, as if it had been known to him he would
at once have made the calculations he needed.

  But all at present was a mystery. And so it hap-
pened that on the 29th of December Alcide Pierdeux,
Ingtnieur au Corps National des Mines de France,"
was hurrying with lengthy strides through the
crowded streets of Baltimore.

CHAPTER X
A Change in Public Opinion

A MONTH had elapsed since the meeting in
rooms of the Gun Club, and a change had
taken place in public opinion.

  The advantages of altering the axis of rotation
were being forgotten; and the disadvantages were
being enlarged upon. It was impossible that a
catastrophe could be avoided, for any change must
necessarily be occasioned by a violent shock. What
the catastrophe would be no one could say. Was
this amelioration of climate desirable? Who would
gain by it except the Eskimos, Laps, and Samoyeds,
who had nothing to lose?

  The Major and his allies were indefatigable in
their prophecies of evil.

  “It is evident,” said Karkof, “that the projectors
will do all they can to protect the United States from
the consequences of tho shock.”

  “But can they?” asked Harald. “When you shake
a tree all the branches shake.”

  “And,” said the Dutchman, “when you are hit in
the stomach does not your whole body shake?”
“That is what that famous clause meant!” said
Todrin. “Here are the geographical and meteoro-
logical modifications!”

  “Yes,” said Baldenak. “But suppose the change of
axis throws the seas out of their existing basins?”
“And if the ocean level is lowered at different
points,” said Jansen, “some people may find them-
selves so high up in the world that communication
with them will be impossible!”

  “If they go up too high they will not be able to
breathe!” said Harald.

  “Would you like to see Baltimore as high as
Mont Blanc?” asked Donellan.

  This modification of the axis was evidently a pub-
lic danger. A change of 23° 28' would produce a
considerable displacement in the seas, owing to the
flattening at the Poles. The Earth was thus threat-
ened with similar disasters to those that, it is be-
lieved, have recently occurred in Mars. There en-
tire continents, among others Libya and Schia-
parelli, have been submerged, as shown by the
faint blue replacing the faint red. Lake Moeris has
disappeared. North and south there have been
changes, and the oceans have withdrawn from many
localties they formerly occupied. If a few charita-
ble souls have been much affected at the “floods in
Mars”—almost as much as to open subscriptions for
the sufferers—what would they do for the floods
on the Earth?

  Protests came in by every post. The United
States Government was urged to interfere.

  “Look as these Yankees,” said one. “They want
to hang the globe on another axletree! As if the
old one, after all these centuries, had worn out!
But is it not as sound as it was at the beginning?”
And there was Vitriolic Alcide at work trying to
find out the nature and direction of the shock that
J. T. Maston had arranged. Once master of the
secret, he would very soon know what parts of the
Earth were in danger.

The Contents of the Note-Book

IT was not likely that the United States would
suffer. Barbicane & Co. were quite Yankees
620

AMAZING STORIES

enough to take care of their own country. Evidently
the new Continent between the Arctic Sea and the
Gulf of Mexico had nothing to fear. It was even
possible that North America would gain a con-
siderable accession of territory.

  “That may be,” said the nervous people who only
saw the perilous side of things. “But are you
sure? Supposing J. T. Maston has made a mistake?
Supposing Barbicane makes a mistake when he puts
Maston’s theory in practice? Such a thing can
happen to the cleverest artillerists! They do not
always score, a bull’s-eye!”

  These fears were sedulously worked upon by the
Major and the opposition. Todrin published a num-
ber of articles in a leading Canadian newspaper.
Harald rushed into print in a Swedish journal.
Colonel Boris Karkof tried his hand in a Russian
one. The Americans began to take sides. The New
York Tribune and the Boston Journal took up their
parable against Barbicane. In vain the North Po-
lar Practical Association tried to stem the rising
tide. In vain Mrs. Scorbitt paid ten dollars a line
for serious articles, humorous articles, and smart,
scathing paragraphs treating the dangers as chimer-
ical. In vain the enthusiastic widow endeavored to
show that if ever hypothesis was unjustifiable, it
was that which assumed that J. T. Maston was
capable of an error!

  Neither Barbicane nor his co-directors took the
trouble to say anything. They let the talk go on
without making any change in their habits. They
seemed to be thoroughly absorbed in the immense
preparations necessitated by their undertaking. The
revulsion of public opinion seemed to concern them
not in the least.

  But in spite of all Mrs. Scorbitt could do, it soon
came about that Impey Barbicane, Captain Nicholl,
and J. T. Maston began to be looked upon as dan-
gers to society. So high grew the clamor that the
Federal Government had to interfere, and call upon
them to declare their intentions. What were their
means of action? How did they intend to substitute
one axis for another? What would be the conse-
quences of the substitution? What parts of the
globe would the substitution endanger?

  The excitement raging in every State in the
Union allowed of no hesitation on the part of the
Washington Government. A Commission of In-
quiry, composed of engineers, mathematicians, hy-
drographers, and geographers, to the number of
fifty, presided over by the celebrated John Prestice,
was appointed on the 19th of February, with full
power to investigate the affair, and put a stop to it
if necessary.

  Impey Barbicane was requested to attend before
the commission, Barbicane did not come.

  The police went to look for him at his residence,
95 Cleveland Street, Baltimore. Barbicane was
there no longer.

  Where was he? They did not know.

  When had he gone away? Five weeks ago, on
the 11th of January, he had left Maryland in com-
pany with Captain Nicholl.

  Where had they gone? No one could say.

  Evidently the two members of the Gun Club
were on their way to the mysterious region where
preparations would begin under their direction.

  But where could that be?

  It was important to know, if the scheme of
these dangerous projectors was to be nipped in the
bud.

   The effect of this departure of Barbicane and
Nicholl was immense. The popular wrath rose like
the rising of the equinoctial tide against the North
Polar Practical Association.

   But there was one man who ought to know what
had become of Barbicane and his colleague. There
was one who ought to be able to reply, and instantly,
J. T. Maston!

   J. T. Maston was requested to appear before the
 Commission. He did not go!

   Hed he then left Baltimore? Had he gone with his
 colleagues, to help in the work of which the world
 awaited the results with such very natural alarm?

   No! J. T. Maston was still to be found at Ballis-
 tic Cottage. He was still incessantly at work, but
 now on other calculations, which he only left to
 spend an occasional evening with Mrs. Scorbitt at
 New Park.

  A policeman was sent with an order from the
president of the Commission. The policeman
reached the cottage, knocked at the door, entered
the hall, and had a warm reception from Fire-Fire
and a cool one from J. T. Maston.

   However, the secretary of the Gun Club thought
it as well to go quietly, and he appeared before the
Commission complaining bitterly of having been
interrupted in his occupation.

   The first question put to him was, “Do you know
 the whereabouts of Impey Barbicane and Captain
 Nicholl?”

   “I do,” said J. T. Maston, “but I am not au-
thorized to tell you.”

   Second question: “Are these two men occupied in
 the preparations for their intended modification of
 the terrestrial axis?”

   “That,” said J. T. Maston, “is part of the secret
 with which I am entrusted, and I refuse to say.”

   “Would he submit his calculations to the Commis-
 sion, that they might judge if the project of the
 Association could be accomplished?”

   “No, certainly not!” said J. T. Maston. “It is
my right as a free American citizen to keep from
anybody the result of my work!”

   “But if that is your right, Mr. Maston,” said
President Prestice solemnly, as if he spoke in the
name of the entire world, “it may be your duty
to speak in face of the anxiety that exists.”

Heroic Silence

JT. MASTON did not think it was his duty. He

•	had only one duty—to keep silent; and he
would keep silent.

   In spite of their persistence, their supplications,
 their threats, the members of the Commission of
 Inquiry could get nothing out of the man with the
 iron hook. Never would they have believed that so
 much obstinacy lurked within a gutta-percha cran-
 ium! J. T. Maston left as he had arrived, and that
 he was congratulated on his valiant defense by Mrs.
 Scorbitt we need hardly say.

   When the result of J. T. Maston’s appearance was
 made known, public opinion took a form that was
 jeally serious for his safety. The pressure on the
 Government became so great that Secretary John S.
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

621

Wright had to obtain permission from the President
to act maim militari.

  On the evening of the 13th of March, J. T. Mas-
ton was in his workroom at Ballistic Cottage, ab-
sorbed in his algebra, when the bell of the telephone
tinkled nervously.

  “Hallo, there! Hallo, there!” murmured the in-
strument in a way that showed great anxiety.

  "Who’s there?” asked J. T. Maston.

  “Mrs. Scorbitt.”

  "What is it?”

  “Be on your guard! I have just heard that this
very night—”

  The sentence had not been finished when the door
of Ballistic Cottage was burst open by a push from
several shoulders, and up the staircase came an ex-
traordinary tumult. There was a voice protesting;
then other voices silencing it; then a bump as of a
fallen body—bump, bump—it was the negro, Fire-
Fire, rolling downstairs after an unavailing de-
fense of his master’s home—bump, bump; the door
of the workroom flew open; policemen rushed in; the
excitable Maston seized a revolver; instantly he
was disarmed; a policeman laid his hand on the
papers on the desk; Maston slipped free and dashed
at a note-book; the police were after him; before
they could reach him he had torn out the last leaf,
clipped it to his mouth, and gulped it down as if it
had been a pill!

  “Now!” said he in the tone of a Leonidas at Ther-
mopylse, “Now you can do your duty.”

  An hour afterward he was in the jail at Balti-
more.

  And that was probably the best thing that could
have happened to him, for the populace were in such
a state of excitement that the police might have
found themselves powerless to protect him.

CHAPTER XI

The Contents of the Notebook

THE book seized by the Baltimore police con-
tained thirty pages, sprinkled with formulse,
multiplications, equations, and finally the gen-
eral results of J. T. Maston’s calculation. It was
a work of the higher mechanics, appreciable only by
mathematicians. One of the equations was the—

of which we heard in the Moon Voyage.

  The "general reader” could make neither head
nor tail of Maston’s performances; but they could
understand the results as told to the newspapers a
few days later.

  There was nothing wrong with J. T. Maston’s
working, the Commission reported. The calcula-
tions had been made with such precision that the
Commission had no doubt as to their accuracy and
consequences. If the operation was effected, the ter-
restrial axis would be undoubtedly changed, and
then the catastrophes foreseen would be accom-
plished in all their plentitude.

  “The object,” said the official communication to
the newspapers, “of the directorate of the North
Polar Practical Association is the substitution of si
new axis of rotation for the old one; and it is pro-

posed to attain this object by means of the recoil
of an apparatus fixed in some agreed point of the
Earth’s circumference. If the core of this appa-
ratus is firmly fixed in the ground, there can be no
doubt but that it would communicate its recoil to
the mass of our planet.

  “The apparatus adopted by the Association is a
monster cannon, which would have no effect if dis-
charged vertically. To produce the maximum effect
it must be aimed horizontally toward the north or
south, and it is this latter direction which has been
decided on by the Association. In this way the re-
coil will produce a shock toward the north of the
nature of that given to a billiard-ball when struck
on the side.”

  Exactly as Alcide had foreseen!

  “As soon as the explosion takes place, the center
of the Earth will be displaced in a direction parallel
to that of the impetus, and a change will ensue in
the plane of the orbit, and consequently in the length
of the year; but this will be so slight as to be of
no appreciable amount. At the same time the Earth
would take a movement of rotation around an axis,
supposing that no rotation existed previous to the
shock. But as the rotation in the line of the Poles
already exists, it will combine with the accessory ro-
tation produced by the recoil, and result in a new
axis. If the gun is fired at the moment when the
Equator and the Ecliptic are in intersection, and
if the recoil is enough to displace the Pole 23° 28',
then the new axis will become perpendicular to the
plane of the orbit.

  “The consequences of this perpendicularity were
clearly stated by Impey Barbicane at the meeting
on the 22nd of December.

  “Given the mass of the Earth and the amount of
movement it possesses, can a gun be produced hav-
ing a recoil sufficient to produce such a displace-
ment of the Pole as 23° 28'?

  “Undoubtedly; if a gun, or series of guns, be con-
structed in accordance with the laws of mechanics,
or if the inventors possess an explosive of the neces-
sary power. Such an explosive they unfortunately
possess. It was discovered by Captain Nicholl. Its
name is meli-melonite, but all that is known of it is
that it is a mixture of organic substances with ni-
tric acid. A certain number of monatomic radicals
are substituted for the same number of atoms of
hydrogen, and a powder is obtained, which, like gun-
cotton, is formed by combination, not by me-
chanical mixture of the principal comburents and
combustibles.

A Truly Epic Reply

utttHATEVER this explosive may be, the force

   VV it possesses is sufficient to carry a projectile
weighing 180,000 tons beyond the terrestrial attrac-
tion, and it is hoped by the Association that the re-
coil will have the effect of displacing the Pole, and
forming a new axis perpendicular to the plane of
the ecliptic. From which would result the catas-
trophes which have alarmed the inhabitants of the
Earth.

  “There is a chance that humanity may yet escape
the consequences of an operation which would bring
about such regrettable (geographical and meteoro-
logical changes in the Surface of the globe. Is it
possible to construct a cannon of the dimensions
622

AMAZING STORIES

required? We are of opinion that it is very doubt-
ful if it can be done.

  “It is well known that the two chief directors of
the North Polar Practical Association have left
Baltimore and America, probably for the purpose of
attempting the manufacture of this cannon in some
distant part of the world.

  “Where they have gone to is unknown, and con-
sequently it is impossible to secure the malefactors
who would upset the world under pretense of open-
ing up new coal-fields.

  “Evidently the place was indicated on the last
page of the note-book captured by the police from
J. T. Maston. But this last page had disappeared,
having been swallowed by the said J. T. Maston,
now in prison at Baltimore.

  “Such is the position. If Impey Barbicane can
make his cannon and his projectile, he will change
the earth’s axis, and within the next six months the
earth will be subjected to his reckless assault.

  “A date has been chosen for the discharge of the
projectile, the date on which the shock would have
its maximum of effect on the terrestrial spheroid.

  “This date is the 22nd of September, twelve hours
after the passage of the Sun across the meridian
of the place x.

  “This place it is impossible from the calculations
to discover.

  “There is nothing in J. T. Maston’s note-book to
show the position of the new axis,

  “It is therefore impossible to state what terri-
tories or seas will be affected by the attempt.

  “The difference of level will be considerable.
After the shock the surface of the sea will take the
form of an ellipsoid of revolution, and the level will
change nearly all over the globe.

  “In fact the intersection of the level of the old
sea with the level of the new sea, of two equal
surfaces of revolution with the axes intersecting,
will be of two curved planes, and the maxima of ele-
vation or abasement will exceed 25,000 feet.

  “It is worthy of remark that the ancient Pole will
be immersed under more than 9000 feet of water, so
that the district acquired by the North Polar Prac-
tical Association will be flooded unless there exists
at the Pole a plateau of more than that number
of feet of elevation.

  "Where the maximum of alteration of land will
take place is unknown. There is in the equation
an unknown quantity, which no known formula can
evaluate. This unknown is the position of x, where
the shock is to be applied. This x is the secret of
the promoters of this deplorable affair.

  “In conclusion, it is desirable to point out that
all the inhabitants of the Earth are interested
in unraveling the secret, for all are menaced by the
proceedings of the Association.

  “Notice is therefore given to the inhabitants of
all parts of the world to keep a strict watch over
all operations regarding the founding of cannons,
or the fabrication of powders or projectiles taking
place on their territories, and to report the appear-
ance of any stranger connected therewith to the
Commission of Inquiry at Baltimore, U. S. A.

  “It is urgently necessary that the information
should reach the Commission before the 22nd of
September next, the date on which the established

order of the terrestrial system is so seriously
menaced.”

CHAPTER XII
Heroic Silence

IT was a cannon that hurled the projectile up to
the Moon; it was to be a cannon that was to
change the terrestrial axis? The cannon! Al-
ways the cannon! Barbicane and Co. evidently suf-
fered from chronic attacks of aggravated “cannon-
ism”! Was a cannon the ultima ratio of the world?
Was it to be the brutal sovereign of the universe?
The canon rules theology, was the cannon to give
the law to commerce and cosmology?

  A cannon was the engine Barbicane & Co. were
to bring into action. They had not devoted their
lives to ballistics for nothing. After the Columbiad
of Tampa Town there was to come the monster can-
non of—of—the place of x! And already there
were people who could hear the sonorous command:
“No. 1! Aim at the Moon! Fire!”

  “No. 2! Change the Earth’s axis! Firel”

  And then for the “general upset” predicted by
Vitrolic Alcide!

  The publication of the report of the Commission
produced an effect of which it is impossible even to
give an idea. There was nothing in it of a soothing
tendency, it must be admitted. By J. T. Maston’s
calculations, the problem had evidently been solved.
The operation to be attempted by Barbicane & Co.
would, it was only too clear, introduce a most re-
grettable modification in the dkirnal movement.
A new axis would be substituted for the old. And
we know what would be the consequences of that
substitution.

  The enterprise of Barbicane & Co. was thus
judged, cursed, and demitted to general reprobation.
Barbicane & Co. were dangers to society. If they
retained a few partisans in the United States, they
were few indeed.

Interesting for the Inhabitants of the Terrestrial
Spheroid

FROM the point of view of their own personal
safety, Impey Barbicane and Captain Nicholl
had certainly done wisely to clear out. They would
assuredly have come to grief if they had not done
so. It was not with impunity that they could men-
ace fourteen hundred millions of people, upset their
habits and customs, and disturb their very existence
by provoking a general catastrophe.

  But how had these two men managed to dis-
appear without leaving a trace? How could they
have gotten away unperceived with the men and
material necessary for their project? Hundreds of
wagons, if they went by railway, and hundreds of
ships, if they went by sea, would be required for
the transport of the metal, the fuel, and the meli-
melonite. It was quite incomprehensible how the
departure could have taken place incognito. But it
had taken place nevertheless.

  Inquiries were made, but nothing was discovered
as to any order being sent to any of the metallur-
gical or chemical works of the world. It was in-
explicable! But the explanation would come—some
day!

  Barbicane and Nicholl having mysteriously dis-
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

appeared, were beyond immediate danger. But 3.
T. Maston! He was under lock and key; but were
not public reprisals to be feared ? Bah! He did not
trouble himself about that in the least! Admirably
obstinate was the calculator! He was of iron—like
bis fore-arm! At nothing did he quail!

   From the depths of his cell in the jail of Baltimore
the secretary of the Gun Club became more and more
absorbed in the distant contemplation of the col-
leagues he had not accompanied. In his mind’s
eye he could see Barbicane and Nicholl preparing
their gigantic enterprise in that unknown region
where no one could interefere with them. He saw
them making the cannon, mixing the meli-melonite,
casting the projectile which the Sun would soon
count among its minor asteroids! That new star
which was to bear the name of Scorbitta, as a deli-
cate compliment to the millionaire of New Park!
J. T. Maston began to count the days that would
elapse before the word to fire was given.

  It was the month of April. In two months and
a half the Sun would halt at the solstice on the
Tropic of Cancer and retrograde toward the Tropic
of Capricorn. Three months later he would cross
the Equator at the autumnal equinox. And with
that would finish the seasons that for millions of
ages had alternated with such regularity in every
terrestrial year. For the last time the spheroid
would submit to the inequality of its days and
nights. For the future the number of hours be-
tween sunrise and sunset would be equal all over
the globe.

   In truth it was a magnificent work! J. T. Maston
forgot all about the Polar coal-field in contemplat-
ing the cosmographical consequences of his labors.
The principal object of the Association had been
forgotten in the transformations the face of the
earth would undergo—notwithstanding that the
earth did not care about these magnificent transfor-
mations.

   J. T. Maston, alone and defenseless in his cell,
resisted every pressure brought to bear on him. The
members of the Commission of Inquiry visited him
daily, and obtained nothing. It occurred at last to
John Prestice to make use of an influence that
might succeed better than his—that of Mrs. Scor-
bitt. No one was ignorant of the lengths to which
the widow would go when the celebrated calculator
was in peril.

  There was a meeting of the Commission, and
Mrs. Scorbitt was authorized to visit the prisoner
as often as she thought fit. Was not she threatened
with the danger from the recoil of the monster
cannon as much as any other of the world’s in-
habitants? Would her New Park mansion escape
the final catastrophe any more than the wigwam
of the poor Indian or the humble hut of the back-
woodsman? Was not hsr life as much in danger
as that of the obscurest Samoyed or South Sea
Islander? The president of the Commission ela-
borately explained this to her, and suggested that
she should bring her influence to bear for the
genei*al good.

   If she could only get J. T. Maston to state where
Barbicane and Nicholl had gone, there would still
be time to pursue them and save humanity from the
impending fate.

623

A Mathematician in Jail

 AND so Mrs. Scorbitt had access to the jail,
 -i*- What she desired above all was to see J. T.
 Maston, who had been torn by the police from the
 comf«rts of this cottage. Let it not be supposed that
 the heroic Evangelina was a slave to human weak-
 ness. And if, on the 9th of April, some indiscreet
 ear had been applied to the keyhole the first time
 that the widow appeared in the cell, this is what
 would have met it:

“At last, dear Maston, I see you again!”

 “You, Mrs. Scorbitt!”

 “Yes, my friend, after four weeks, four long
 weeks of separation—”

 “Exactly twenty-eight days, flve hours, forty-five
 minutes,” said Maston, looking at his watch.

 “At last we meet!”

 “But why, Mrs. Scorbitt? Why have they allowed
 you to come here?”

 “To use whatever influence a boundless admira-
 tion may have on him who is its object!”

 “What!” exclaimed J. T. Maston, “you have con-
 sented to talk thus to me! You have imagined that

 I	would betray my colleagues?”

 “Do you think so meanly of me? I to ask you to
 sacrifice your safety to your honor? I to urge you
 to an act which would be the disgrace of a life con-
 secrated to the highest speculations of the higher
 mechanics?”

 “Bravo, Mrs. Scorbitt! I recognize the worthy
 shareholder of our Association! Never did I doubt
 your courage!”

 “Thank you, dear Maston.”

 “As for me, to divulge our work; to reveal at
 what spot on the surface of the earth our effort is
 to be made; to sell the secret I fortunately kept
 hidden within me; to permit these barbarians to
 launch off in pursuit of our friends, to interrupt
 the labors they are engaged in for our profit and
 our glory! I would rather die first!”

“Maston, you are sublime!” said Evangelina.

 In truth, these two beings, so closely united in
 enthusiasm—and equally mad*-were born to under-
 stand each other.

 “No!” continued Maston. “Never shall they know
 the name of the country which my calculations have
 designated, and which will become immortal. They
 may kill me if they will, but they shall never pos-
 sess my secret.”

 “And they may kill me with you,” said Mrs. Scor-
 bitt; “for I also will be dumb.”

 “Fortunately, they do not know that you possess
 the secret.’*

 “Do you think I am capable of revealing it be-
 cause I am only a woman ? to betray our colleagues
 and you? No, my friend; no! The philistines may
 raise the world against you to tear you from your
 cell, but I will be with you, and we shall have at
 least the consolation of dying together!”

 And that was the way the conversatfon ended
 every time the widow visited the prisoner. And
 every time the Commissioners inquired as to the re-
 sult the answer was the same.

 “Nothing yet; but in time I hope to obtain what
 you want I”

 Gh, the astuteness of woman!

“In time!” she said. But time marched on; week
624

AMAZING STORIES

went by like days, days like hours, hours like
minutes.

  It was now May. Mrs. Scorbitt had obtained
nothing; and if she failed, who could hope to suc-
ceed? Was the world to resign itself to this
terrible blow without a chance of hindering it?

The Chorus of Terror

TT7'ELL, no! in such things resignation is un-

  W acceptable. Our friends the delegates were
unceasing in fomenting the excitement. Jansen
overwhelmed the Commissioners daily. Karkoff
picked a quarrel with the secretary. Donellan, to
make things worse, directed attention to another
victim in the shape of the codfish merchant, Fors-
ter, who had sunk into insignificance after the
auction sale, to bid at which he had been engaged.
And in order to bring the phlegmatic fishmonger
prominently to the front, the Canadian attempted
to knock him down. To complicate matters further,
“the friendly Powers” began “to bring pressure to
bear” on the Washington Government, which had
quite enough to do to withstand the “pressure” of
its own people. In reply the Washington Govern-
ment issued a circular authorizing the arrest of
the two “malefactors” by any power whatsoever.
But none the less did it remain impossible to dis-
cover where the malefactors had gone.

  Then the Powers hinted that if J. T. Maston
were properly dealt with, J. T., Maston would re-
veal the secret. But the Government might as
well have tried to extract a word from Harpocrates,
the god of silence, or from the chief deaf-mute of
the New York Institute.

  And then the exasperation increased with the
general anxiety, and a few practical minds drew
attention to the fact that the torture system of the
Middle Ages was not without some advantages.
So it was proposed to introduce, for the benefit of
J. T. Maston, a few experiments with the “boot,”
the “scavenger’s daughter,” “molten lead,” “boiling
oil,” the “wooden horse,” the “bastinado,” etc., etc.
But such things were impossible in the century
which invented the magazine rifle, roburite, bellite,
panclastite, and other “ites,” not to mention the
far superior meli-melonite.

  J. T. Maston had, then, no fear of being put to
the torture. All that could be done with him was
to hope that he would speak, or that chance would
speak for him.

CHAPTER XIII
A Truly Epic Reply

TIME advanced, and so probably did the works
of Barbicane & Co., but where, was the
mystery.

  But if their works were to require a foundry
capable of casting a gun a million times larger
than a four-hundred pounder, and a projectile
weighing one hundred and eighty thousand tons,
they would want thousands of workmen; and where,
oh! where could they be?

  In what part of the old or new world had Bar-
bicane & Co. installed themselves so secretly as to
be invisible to the nations around ? Had they gone
to some desert island of the Pacific? But there are

  bo desert islands now. That they had gone to the
Arctic or Antarctic regions was extremely unlikely,
for those were the very regions they intended to
displace.

  There was no need to look for them all over the
world, for J. T. Maston’s note-book had revealed the
fact that the shot must be fired from near the
equator. Along the equinoctial line, they might
be in Brazil or Peru, or Sumatra, or Borneo, or
Celebes, or New Guinea, but surely they would have
been discovered by the people in the neighborhood?
All through Africa, too, they would be almost cer-
tain of discovery. There remained the Maldive
Islands, the Admiralty, Gilbert, and Christmas Is-
lands, the Galapagos and San Pedro Islands; but
all these had been searched, and no trace of Barbi-
cane & Co. had been found.

  And what did Alcide Pierdeux think of all this?
More “sulphuric” than ever, he knew no rest in
considering the different consequences of the prob-
lem. That Captain Nicholl had invented an explo-
sive of such power that its expansion was three
or four thousand times greater than the most
violent explosives used in modern war, and five
thousand six hundred times stronger than “good
old gun-powder,” was, he remarked, “etonnant, not
to say dttonmnt!” but it was not impossible. No
one knows what the future has in store for us in
that kind of progress. In the shifting of the Earth’s
axis by means of the recoil of a gun there was
nothing to surprise him.

  “It is evident,” he said to himself,” that every
day the Earth receives the counter-shock from
every shock produced on its surface! It is certain
that when hundreds of thousands of men amuse
themselves by sending thousands of projectiles
weighing pounds, or millions weighing ounces, even
when I walk or jump, or when I stretch out my arm,
or when a blood corpuscle circulates in my veins,
it must in some way influence the mass of our
spheroid. But in the name of an integral will Bar-
bicane’s jolt be sufficient to upset the Earth? If
the equations of that brute Maston really demon-
strate that, we must make up our minds to it!”

A Great Mathematician

IN truth, Alcide could not but admire the ingeni-
ous calculations of the secretary of the Gun
Club, communicated by the Commission of Inquiry
to the mathematicians who could understand them.
And Alcide, who read algebra as if it were a news-
paper, found the study of them extremely interest-
ing.

  But if the upset did come, what a dreadful state
of affairs there would be in the world! What cities
thrown down, what mountains shaken, what people
destroyed by millions, what waters hurled from
their beds, what fearful terrors! It would be such
an earthquake as had never quaked before!

   “If Nicholl’s powder,” he said, “was not quite so
 strong, the projectile might return t& give the
 Earth another shock either before or behind the
 firing-point, after making the turn of the globe,
 and then everything might soon be knocked back
 into place, after causing immense destruction,
 nevertheless! But they are going to throw it over-
 board! Thanks to their meli-melonite th6ir shell
 will describe the half of a hyperbola and never come
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

   back to beg pardon for having given that kick to
the terrestrial ball!”

   And Alcide threw his arms about like the sema-
phore at Portsmouth Dockyard, at the risk of break-
ing everything within a radius of six feet of him.

   "If the firing-point were known I could soon find
 the great circles in which the alteration will be zero,
 and the places where it will reach the maximum, so
 as to give folks notice to clear out and save them-
 selves from being smashed by their houses tumbling
 about their ears! But how am I to know that
 firing-point?”

   And he ran his fingers through the very little
hair that had been left him.

   The results of the shock may be much more
complicated than they imagine! Why should not
the volcanoes take the opportunity to favor us with
a few disorderly eruptions, and, like a first voyager,
displace some of the matter in their insides? Why
should not the uplifted ocean take a header into
some of the craters? There’s a chance for you!
That would give an explosion that might send the
whole tellurian box of tricks sky high, or rather
sky higher! What do you say to that, you con-
founded Maston? You obstinate mute! What do
you mean by juggling with our poor Earth as if it
were a ball on a billiard table?”

   These alarming hypotheses of Vitriolic ‘Alcide
were taken up and discussed by the newspapers all
over the world. The pyrotechnic display organized
by Barbicane & Co. would end in waterspouts, tidal
waves, deluges, would it? But such catastrophes
would only be partial! Thousands of people would
disappear, and the rest would hardly notice any-
thing worth mentioning! As the fatal day ap-
proached, fear came over the bravest. It might
have been the dreadful year 1000 from the way in
which the people generally conducted themselves.

   What happened in that year 1000 it may be inter-
 esting to recall. Owing to a passage in the Apo-
 calypse, the people of Europe were persuaded that
 the Day of Judgement was nigh. They waited for
 the signs of wrath; the son of Perdition, Antichrist,
 was to be revealed.

   “In the last year of the tenth century,” relates

H.	Martin, "everything was interrupted—pleasures,
business, interest, even the work in the fields.
‘Why,’ said the people, ‘should we provide for a
future that will never come? Let us think of eter-
nity, which will begin tomorrow.’ They provided
only for their immediate needs; they handed over
their lands and castles to the monasteries to obtain
their protection in the kingdom in the skies which
was about to come to them. Many of the deeds of
gift to the churches begin with the words, ‘The
end of the world approaching, and its ruin being
imminent.’ When the end of the fetal terra arrived
the people kept within the basilicas, the chapels, the
edifices consecrated to God, and waited in agony
for the seven trumpets of the seven angels of
judgment to sound in the sky.”

As we know, New Year's Day, 1000, was reached
without any disturbance in the laws of Nature.
But this time the expectation of the catastrophe
was not based on a doubtful interpretation of a
text. It was a change to be applied to the earth’s
equilibrium based on indisputable calculations
which the progress of the ballistic and mechanical

 sciences rendered quite possible. This time it was
 not the sea that would give back the dead, but the
 sea that would engulf millions of the living.

   Under these circumstances, the position of J. T.
 Maston became daily more critical. Mrs. Scorbitt
 trembled lest he should become the victim of the
 general mania. Sometimes she thought of advising
 him to speak the word which he so obstinately kept
 to himself. But she dared not, and she did well.
 It would have been to expose herself to a categorical
 refusal.

   The city of Baltimore was a prey to terror, and
 it became difficult to restrain the populace, who
 were being excited even unto madness by the news-
 papers, by the telegrams which they published from
 the four angles of the earth, to use the apocalyptic
 language of St. John the Evangelist in the days of
 Domitian. Assuredly, if J. T. Maston had lived
 under that persecuting emperor, his business would
 soon have been settled. He would have been thrown
 to the beasts. But he would have contented himself
 with replying:

   “I am there already!”

   Bat no matter what happened, he refused to re-
veal the position of place x, knowing well that if he
divulged it Barbicane and Nicholl would be pre-
vented from continuing their work.

One Man Against the World

A FTER all, there was something grand in this
struggle between one man and the entire world.
J. T. Maston increased in grandeur in the mind of
Mrs. Scorbitt, and also in the opinion of his col-
leagues of the Gun Club. These gallant fellows
were as obstinate as retired artillery men and never
swerved from their support of Barbicane & Co.
The secretary of the Gun Club reached such a
height of celebrity that a number of persons even
wrote to him, as they do to famous criminals, to
obtain a few lines from the hand of the man
who was going to upset the globe.

   This was all very fine, but it was more and more
 dangerous. The populace thronged day and night
 around the jail of Baltimore. There was great
 shouting and much tumult. The mob would have
 lynched J. T. Maston there and then if they could;
 and the police saw the time was coming when they
 could no longer protect him.

   Desirous of satisfying the American mob, as well
 as the mob of other countries, the Washington
 Government decided to bring J. T. Maston to trial.

   With a jury selected from the terrified masses,
 “the affair would not hang about long,” to quote the
 words of Alcide, who felt a kind of sympathy for the
 calculator’s tenacity.

   On the 5th of September, the President of the
Commission visited the prisoner in his cell.

   Mrs. Scorbitt, at his urgent request, was allowed
 to accompany him. Perhaps at the last attempt
 the influence of this amiable lady might be success-
 ful. It would not do to neglect anything. All
 means were legitimate that might secure the word
 of the enigma. If they did not succeed, they would
 see!

   “They will see!” said the knowing ones. “Sup-
pose they hang J. T. Maston, and the catastrophe
takes place all the same?”

   At eleven o’clock, then, Maston found himself in
626

AMAZING STORIES

 the presence of John Prestice and Evangelina Scor-
 bitt.

 “For the last time,” said Prestice, “will yon
 answer me?"

 “What about?" said Maston.

 “Where has your colleague, Barbicane, gone to?”
 “I have already told you a hundred times.”
 “Repeat it for the hundred and first.”

 “He has gone where he will fire the cannon.”

 “And where will he fire the cannon?”

 “Where Barbicane is at this present moment.”
 “Take care, Maston!”

 “Of what?”

 “Of the consequences of your refusal to reply.
 The result will be—”

 “That you will not discover what you have no
 right to know.”

 “What we have the right to know.”

 "That is not my opinion.”

 “We are going to put you on your trial.”

 "You can put me on my trial.”

 “And the jury will find you guilty.”

 "Let them find me guilty.”

 “And the sentence will immediately be given and
 immediately executed.”
 r “Very well.”

 "Dear Maston!” said Evangelina, whose heart
 trembled at the prospect.

 “Oh! Mrs. Scorbitt” said J. T. Maston.

 She bowed her head, and was silent.

 “Would you like to know what the sentence will
 be—”

 “Yes, if you like.”

 “You will be hanged, as you deserve.”

 “Really.”

 “And you will be hanged, sir, as sure as two and
 two make four.”

 The Difference Between a Theorem and a Definition

 «rpHEN, sir, I shall have a chance,” said the
 1 phlegmatic Maston. “If you were only the
 least bit of a mathematician you would not say as
 sure as two and two make four. What is it that
 proves that all mathematicians up to now have not
 been mad in asserting that the sum of two numbers
 is equal to that of their parts, that two and two
 make exactly four?”

 “Sir!” exclaimed the president, completely puz-
 zled.

 “Ah!” continued Maston. “If you had said as
 sure as one and one make two, all right! That is
 absolutely evident, for it is no longer a theorem,
 it is a definition.”

 At this lesson in arithmetic, the president of the
 Commission retired, while Mrs. Scorbitt’s eyes were
 ablaze with admiration for the extraordinary abili-
 ties of her beloved calculator.

CHAPTER XIV

The Geographical Value of X

 FORTUNATELY for J. T. Maston, the Federal
 Government unexpectedly received the fol-
 lowing telegram:

 “To John S. Wright, Washington, U. S. A.
 “Zanzibar, 13th September, 5 a. m., local time.
 Great foundries have been established among the
 Wamasai to the south of Kilimanjaro. For eight

months Impey Barbicane and Nicholl have been
there, with hundreds of black workmen under the
authority of the Sultan Bali-Bali. Information for
Government purposes.—Richard W. Trust, U. S.
Consul.”

  And that is how the great secret was discovered.
And that is why the secretary of the Gun Club was
not hanged.

  But who can say that he did not live to regret
that he was not removed from mankind in all the
plenitude of his glory?

  Anyhow the fact of the discovery is so important
in our history that we shall only be treating it with
due respect in giving it this chapter to itself.

CHAPTER XV

Interesting for the Inhabitants of the Terrestrial
Spheroid

AND so the Washington Government knew
Barbican & Co. had commenced business.
There could be no doubt as to the authenti-
city of the telegram. The Consul of Zanzibar was
too cautious a man for his information to be
doubted, and it was confirmed by subsequent tele-
grams. The gigantic works of the North Polar
Practical Association were in full swing in the
center of the Kilimanjaro region, about three hun-
dred miles from the East Coast of Africa, a little
below the equinoctial line.

  How had they come to be installed so secretly
in this lost country, at the foot of the famous
mountain discovered in 1848 by Krapf and Reb-
mann? How had Barbicane & Co. been able to
build their foundries and collect their staff? By
what means had they managed to enter into peaceful
relations with the savage tribes of the districts, and
their cruel and grasping chiefs? Nobody knew.
And as there were only a few days to run before
the 22nd, it was not unlikely that nobody would
know.

  When J. T. Maston learned from Evangelina that
the mystery of Kilimanjaro had been cleared up by
a telegram from Zanzibar—

  “Pshaw!” he said, making a wonderful zigzag
in the air with his iron hook. "They do not travel
yet by telegraph or telephone; and in six days—
patarapatanboom-boom—all will be ready!”

  And any one who heard the secretary of the Gun
Club deliver the sonorous onomatope, like a roar
from a Columbiad, would have wondered at the
amount of vital energy remaining in the old artil-
leryman.

  But there was no doubt that he was right. There
was no time to send messengers to the Wamasai
to arrest Impey Barbicane. Even if the messengers
started from Egypt, or Aden, or Massowah, or
Zanzibar, however quickly they might travel, they
would have to contend with the difficulties of the
country, with the obstacles unavoidable on a road
through a mountainous region, and probably with
followers acting under the orders of a sultan as
despotic as he was black.

  All hope would have to be given up of stopping
the operation or arresting the operator.

  But, if that was impossible, nothing was easier
now than to know the worst that could happen. The
firing-point had been revealed, and it was a simple
THE PURCHASE OF

 master 01 calculation—a complicated calculation
 evidently, but not beyond the capacities of alge-
 braists in particular and mathematicians in gen-
 eral.

    At first the Government kept the despatch secret,
 their object being to be able to indicate when they
 published it what would be the results of the dis-
 placement of the axis with regard to the alteration
 in the level of the waters. The inhabitants of the
 world would then know the fate that was in store
 for them, according to the segment of the spheroid
 on which they resided.

   On the 14th of September the telegram was sent
 to the Longitudes Office at Washington, with in-
 str uctions to work out the final consequences,
 ballistic and geographical. The next day but one
 the information was ready. It was cabled at once
 to all the Governments of the new and old worlds,
 and having been printed in thousands of news-
 papers, it was cried in all the great cities by all the
 newsboys of the globe, as—

   “What is going to happen?”

   Which was the question being asked in every
 language just then.

What Is Going to Happen?

 ND this is the reply as given by the Longitudes
 Office.

“Important Notice

 The experiment to be attempted by Barbicane &
 Co. is as follows:

   “To produce a recoil on the 22nd of September
 at midnight, local time, by means of a monster
 cannon throwing a projectile of one hundred and
 eighty thousand tons.

   “If this discharge is effected just below the
 Equator, near the thirty-eighth meridian, at the
 base of the Kilimanjaro chain, and if it is directed
 toward the south, the mechanical effect on thd
 terrestrial spheroid will be as follows:

   “At once, owing to the shock being combined
 with the diurnal movement, a new axis will be
 formed, the old axis being 23° 28', and the new one
 being perpendicular to the plane of the ecliptic.

   “In the north the extremity of the new axis
 will be situated between Greenland and Grinnell
 Land, on that part of Baffin Sea cut by the Arctic
 Circle. In the south it will be on the Antarctic
 Circle to the east of Adelaide Land.

   As an example of the new meridians, we may
 mention that passing through Dublin in Ireland,
 Paris in France, Palermo in Cicily, Obeid in Dar-
 fur, Kilimanjaro, Kerguelen Island, the new Ant-
 arctic Pole, the Society Islands in the Pacific, Van-
 couver Island, and Melville Peninsula.

 “The new Equator will pass through the Kiliman-
 jaro country, the Indian Ocean, Goa, a little below
 Calcutta, Mangala in Siam, Hong Kong, the Mar-
 shall and Walker Islands in the Pacific, Rio Janeiro,
 Saint Helena, and by St. Paul de Loanda across
 Africa to Kilimanjaro.

   The new Equator having been formed by the
 new axis, it is possible to calculate the results on
 the ocean levels.

 “It is worthy of note that Barbicane & Co., or
 rather the directors of the North Polar Practical
 Association, have evidently been desirous of doing

THE NORTH POLE	627

 as little damage as possible. Had the discharge
 been effected toward the north, the consequences
 would have been disastrous for the most civilized
 portions of the globe; but by firing toward the south
 the consequences, so far as the submergence of the
 land is concerned, will only affect the less peopled
 and wilder countries.

    “The globe will, for the purposes of this inquiry,
 be divided by two great circles, intersecting at
 right angles at Kilimanjaro and the antipodes of
 that mountain, thus giving four segments, two in
 the northern hemisphere, and two in the southern
 hemisphere, separated by lines in which no altera-
 tion of level will occur.

    “1. The northern hemisphere:

    “The first segment, to the west of Kilimanjaro,
 will comprise Africa from the Congo to Egypt,
 Europe from Turkey to Greenland, America from
 British Columbia to Peru and Brazil north of San
 Salvador—in fact the whole of the North Atlantic
 and the greater part of the Equatorial Atlantic.

    The second segment, to the east of Kilimanjaro,
 will comprise the greater part of Europe from the
 islack bea to Sweden, the Russian Empire, Arabia,
 almost all India, Persia, Beloochistan, Afghanistan
 Turkestan, the Celestial Empire, Mongolia, Japan
 Corea the Northern Pacific and Alaska—and also
 the Polar regions, so regrettably placed in the pos-
 session of Barbicane & Co.

   “2. The southern hemisphere:

    “The third segment, to the east of Kilimanjaro,
 will comprise Madagascar, Kerguelen Island
 Mauritius, and the islands of the Indian Ocean, the
 Antarctic Ocean to the New Pole, the Malay
 Peninsula, Java, Sumatra, Borneo, the Philippines,
 Australia, New Zealand, and all the southern Pacific
 up to the meridian of the Society Islands.

    “The fourth segment, to the west of Kilimanjaro,
 will include Africa south of the Congo and the
 Mozambique Channel, the Cape of Good Hope, the
 bouth Atlantic, South America below Pernam-
 buco and Lima, Bolivia, Brazil, Uruguay, the Argen-
 tine Confederation, Tierra del Fuego, the Sand-
 wich and South Shetland Islands, and a portion of
 the South Pacific.

    M.jUC,h. W1!* be the four segments of the globe
 divided by lines of no alteration in level.

    “In each of these four segments there will be* a
 central point where the effect will attain its maxi-
 mum, either of increase or decrease.

    “This maximum will approach 25,000 feet at each
 point and at the point the consequences will be
 most serious.

    “In two segments situated opposite each other in
 the northern and southern hemispheres, the sea
 will retire to flow into the two other segments.

 “In the first segment the Atlantic Ocean will al-
 most entirely empty itself, the point of maximum
 being about the Bermudas, where the bottom will
 become visible if the dept of the sea in that locality
 be less than 25,000 feet. Consequently, between
 America and Europe, vast territories will be re-
 vealed, which the United States, Great Britain,
 France, Spain and Portugal can annex pro rata
 to their Atlantic coast-lines, or otherwise, as they
 may think fit. But it must be remembered that
 as the waters are lowered, so will the air be.
 The coast of Europe and America will be lifted to
628

AMAZING STORIES

 such an extent, that towns placed twenty or even
 thirty degrees from the point of maximum, will
 have no more air than is now available at three
 miles from the surface of the sea. New York,
 Philadelphia, Charlestown, Panama, Lisbon, Mad-
 rid, Paris, London, Edinburgh, Dublin will be thus
 elevated, but Cairo, Constantinople, Dantzic, Stock-
 holm on one side, and the western coast towns of
 America on the other, will retain their present
 level. The Bermudas will be in such rarefied air
 as has hitherto been only experienced by aeronauts,
 and will become as uninhabitable as the upper peaks
 of the mountains of Tibet.

  “Similar effects will be experienced in the op-
posite southern segment comprising the Indian
Ocean, Australia, and the Pacific. At Adelaide and
Melbourne the level of the sea will sink 25,000 feet
below them, and the air will become so thin and
rarefied as to be unbreathable.

  “Such are the two segments from which the
waters will retire. In the sea that will be left there
will probably be many new islands, formed by the
summits of submarine mountain-chains.

  “In the other segments the waters will rise tg
a corresponding height.

  “In the segment north-east of Kilimanjaro the
maximum will be at Yakutsk in Siberia. This
town will be submersed under 25,000 feet of water
—less its actual altitude—and thence thinning out
on all sides the flood will spread out over Asiatic
Russia, India, China, Japan and Alaska. The Ural
Mountains may possibly appear above the waters as
islands. St. Petersburg and Moscow on one side,
Calcutta, Bangkok, Saigon, Pekin, Hong Kong, and
Tokyo, on the other, will disappear beneath the
waves at variable depths, but at depths quite suffi-
cient to drown such of the Russians, Hindoos,
Siamese, Cochinchinese, Chinese, and Japanese who
have not left the country before the catastrophe.

  “In the segment south-west of Kilimanjaro the
disasters will not be of such magnitude, as the seg-
ment is in a great measure covered by the Atlantic
and Pacific, the level of which will rise 25,000 feet
above the Falkland Islands. But nevertheless much
territory will disappear, among others all South
Africa from the Gulf of Guinea and Kilimanjaro
to the C^pe of Good Hope, all South America south
of Central Brazil and Peru, including Chili, the
Argentine Republic down to Tierra del Fuego. The
Patagonians, however tall they may be, will not
escape destruction, as they will not even have the
resource of escaping to the Cordilleras, not one of
whose summits will in those parts rise above sea-
level.

   “Such will be the results produced by the changes
 of the level of the waters. And such are the
 eventualities for which those interested must pre-
 pare, unless something happens to prevent the
 dastardly enterprise of Barbicane & Co.”

CHAPTER XVI
The Chorus of Terror

ACCORDING to the “important notice,” the
dangers of the position could be avoided, or
rather fled from, by hurrying off to the
neutral zones.

   The people in peril could be divided into two
classes, the asphyxiated and the drowned.

   The effect of the communication was to give rise
 to very different opinions, which soon developed into
 the most violent protestations.

   On the side of the asphyxiated were the Ameri-
cans of the United States, the Europeans of the
United Kingdom, and France, Spain, etc. The
prospect of being able to annex territories from the
ocean-bed was not attractive enough to persuade
them to accept the change.

   On the side of the drowned were the inhabitants
 of South America, and the Hindoos, Russians, and
 Chinese. But Great Britian was not likely to allow
 Barbicane & Co. to deprive her of her southern
 colonies; and the other nations decidedly objected
 to being so summarily disposed of. Evidently the
 Gulf of Mexico would be emptied to form a huge
 territory of the Antilles, which the Mexicans and
 Americans might claim in accordance with the
 Monroe Doctrine. Evidently the lift of the Philip-
 pines and Celebes would bring up an immense
 region which the British and Spanish might share.
 But vain such compensation! It would never
 balance the loss due to the terrible inundation.

  If the new seas were only to rise over the
Samoyeds, Laps, Fuegians, Patagonians, Tartars
even, Chinese, Japanese, or even Argentines, the
world might have borne the bereavement. But the
catastrophe affected too many of the great Powers
for them to bear it quietly.

   Although the central part would remain much as
it is, Europe would be lifted in the west and low-
ered in the east, that is to say half asphyxiated on
one side and half drowned on the other.

   Such a state of affairs was unacceptable. Besides,
 the Mediterranean would be nearly drained dry, and
 that neither French, Italians, Spainards, G-reeks,
 Turks, nor Egyptians cared for, as their position on
 its coast gave them indisputable rights over the
 sea. And what would be the use of the Suez Canal,
 which would escape, owing to its position on the
 neutral line? What was to be done with that when
 there was no Mediterranean at one end and very
 little Red Sea at the other—unless it was length-
 ened by several hundred miles?

   Great Britain had no desire to see Gibraltar,
Malta, and Cyprus transformed into mountain-tops
which ironclads would try to anchor near in vain.
And the British Government declined to entertain
in any form the suggested compensation from the
risen bed of the Atlantic.

   In short, all the world was in arms against Bar-
 bicane & Co. Even the people on the neutral lines
 were urgent in their protests. And so it soon came
 about that Barbicane, Nicholl, and J. T. Maston were
 put under the ban of humanity.

  But how the newspapers prospered! What a
rush there was for copies! What editions after
editions! For the first time in the history of the
newspaper press all the papers of every country
in the world were agreed upon one matter. And the
effect of that is more easily imagined than des-
cribed!

   J. T. Maston might well believe that his last hour
 was come.
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE	629

A Mob of Lynchers and an Empty Cell

T N fact, a frantic mob broke into his prison on the
■A evening of the 17th of September with the inten-
tion of lynching him, and it is well to say, the police
made no objection.

  The cell was empty! With the worthy calcu-
lator’s weight in gold, Mrs. Scorbitt had managed
his escape. The jailer was the more ready to be
bribed by a fortune as he had hopes of enjoying it
for some years. In fact, Baltimore, like Washing-
ton, New York, and the other chief cities of the
Atlantic seaboard, was in the list of towns to be
reasonably elevated, and in which there would re-
main enough air for the daily consumption of their
inhabitants.

  J. T. Maston had gained some mysterious retreat
where he was safe from the fury of popular wrath.
Thus was the life of the great world-troubler saved
by a woman’s devotion.

  And now only four days remained before Barbi-
cane & Co. did their awful deed. The important
notice had been generally understood. If there had
been a few skeptics before, there were none now.
The Government issued proclamations to such of
their peoples as were to be sent up into the rarefied
air, and to the greater number that were to be
dropped into deep water.

  The result was such a migration as had never
been seen, not even when the Aryan families began
to remove. An exodus took place comprising every
branch of the Hottentots, Melanesians, Negroes,
Red Men, Yellow Men, Brown Men, White Men.

  Unfortunately the time was too short. It could
be reckoned in hours. Given a few months, the
Chinese might abandon China, the Australians
Australia, the Patagonians Patagonia, the Siberians
Siberia.

  But time! Time! The time! How was it pos-
sible?

  Migration was useless.

  There was only one chane!

Suppose that Barbicane & Co. were to fail?

CHAPTER XVII
The Works at Kilimanjaro

THE country of the Wamasai is situated in
the east of Central Africa, between Zanzi-
bar and the great lakes. Our knowledge of
it is due chiefly to Thomson, Johnston, Count
Tekeli and Doctor Meyer. It is a mountainous dis-
trict under the sovereignty of the Sultan Bali-Bali,
whose people are negroes, and number from thirty
to forty thousand.

  Three degrees south of the Equator rises the
chain of Kilimanjaro, which lifts its highest sum-
mit over 18,000 feet above the sea, and commands
northward, southward, and westward, the vast and
fertile plains of the Wamasai.

   A few miles below the first slopes of the mountain
lies the town of Kisongo, where the Sultan resides.
The capital is, truth to tell, but a large village. It
is occupied by a population, highly gifted and intel-
ligent, and working hard as much by itself as by
its slaves under the iron yoke of Bali-Bali, who is
justly considered to be one of the most remarkable
sovereigns of Central Africa.

  Impey Barbicane and Captain Nicholl, accom-
panied by ten foremen devoted to the enterprise, had
arrived at Kisongo in the first week of January.
The fact of their departure had only been communi-
cated to J. T. Maston and Mrs. Scorbitt. They had
embarked at New York for the Cape of Good Hope;
thence they had gone to Zanzibar; and a bark,
secretly chartered, had taken them to Mombasa on
the other side of the channel. An escort from the
Sultan had met them at this port, and after a diffi-
cult journey of about 300 miles across this harassed
region, obstructed by forests, cut up by streams,
and checkered with marshes, they had reached the
royal residence.

  As soon as he had obtained J. T. Maston’s cal-
culations, Barbicane had put himself in communi-
cation with Bali-Bali through a Swedish explorer
who intended to spend a few years in this part of
Africa. The Sultan had become one of the warmest
admirers of the audacious Yankee after the cele-
brated Moon Voyage, the fame of which had spread
even to this distant country. Without disclosing
his object Barbicane had obtained from the Wama-
sai the needful authority to open important works
at the southern base of Kilimanjaro. For the very
considerable sum of three hundred thousand dol-
lars Bali-Bali had engaged to furnish him with the
labor he required to do what he liked with Kiliman-
jaro. He could take it down if he liked, or carry
it away if he could; and he became as much the
owner of the mountain as he was of the North
Pole.

The Works in Africa

BARBICANE and his colleague were cordially
welcomed at Kisongo. Bali-Bali felt an ad-
miration bordering on adoration for the two illus-
trious voyagers who had launched out in space to
attain the circumlunar regions, and sympathized
enthusiastically with the projectors of the myste-
rious works they wished to establish in his kingdom.
He undertook that the enterprise should be kept
secret, both by himself and his subjects, for all of
whom he could answer, as not one of the negroes
engaged had the right to leave the works for a day
under penalty of the most dreadful punishments.

   On this account the operation was enveloped in a
mystery that the cleverest detectives of America
and Europe failed to penetrate, and if it was dis-
covered at last it was because the Sultan had relaxed
his severity after the completion of the works, and
because there are traitors or chatterers even among
negroes. It was in this way that Richard W. Trust,
the consul at Zanzibar, got wind of what was hap-
pening at Kilimanjaro. But at that date, the 13th
of September, it was too late to stop Barbicane in
the accomplishment of his plans.

  The reason that Barbicane & Co. had chosen the
country of the Wamasai as the scene of their opera-
tions was that, in the first place, it was little known
and rarely visited by travelers, and, secondly, that
the mass of Kilimanjaro offered all the qualities of
solidity and position necessary for their work. Be
sides, the country was rich in all the materials they
required, and these were found under conditions
that made them easily workable.

  A few months before leaving the United States,
Barbicane had learned from the Swedish explorer
630

AMAZING STORIES

that iron and coal were abundant in the Kiliman-
jaro chain. There were no mines to be opened, and
no shafts to be driven thousands of feet into the
crust of the earth. The minerals were on the sur-
face, and had only to be picked up from the ground.
And in addition to these, there were large deposits
of nitrate of soda and iron pyrites, such as were
required for the manufacture of the meli-melonite.

  Barbicane and Nicholl had brought no staff of
workmen with them except the ten foremen, on
whom they could depend. These could take com-
mand of the ten thousand negroes placed at their
disposal by Bali-Bali, to whom was entrusted the
task of making the monster cannon and its no less
monster projectile.

  A fortnight after the arrival of Barbicane and
his colleague among the Wamasai, three large work-
shops had been erected in the south of the moun-
tain; one as the foundry for the gun, one as the
foundry for the shot, and one as the factory for the
meli-melonite.

  And how did Barbicane & Co. intend to cast a
cannon of such colossal dimensions? The only
chance for the inhabitants of the world was, as we
have seen, in the difficulty of dealing with such a
huge undertaking.

  To cast a cannon a million times larger than a
four hundred pounder would have been beyond the
power of man. To make a four hundred pounder
is difficult enough, but a four hundred million
pounder! Barbicane & Co. did not attempt to do
so. It was not a cannon nor even a mortar, that
they had in their minds. They simply intended to
drive a gallery into the mountain.

  Evidently this enormous mine would have the
eame effect as a gigantic Columbiad, the manu-
facture of which would have been as oostly as it
was difficult, owing to the thickness it would have
to be to avoid the risk of bursting. Barbicane &
Co. had always intended to act in this way, and if
J. T. Maston’s note-book spoke of a cannon, it was
the four hundred pounder he had taken as the basis
of his calculations.

  Consequently, a spot was chosen a hundred feet
up the southern side of the chain, from the base of
which the plains extended for miles and miles, so
that nothing would be in the way of the projectile
when it was hurled from the long tube in the mass
of Kilimanjaro.

  With great precision and much labor Barbicane
carried on the driving of his tunnel. Easy to him
was the construction of boring machines worked
with air compressed by the power of the large
waterfalls in the district. The holes bored by the
machines were charged with meli-melonite, and the
blasting of the rock was easy, it being a kind of
syenite composed of orthoclasic felspar and amphi-
bolic hornblende. It was a favorable circumstance
that a rock so constituted would strongly resist the
frightful pressure developed by the expansion of
the gas; but the height and thickness of the moun-
tain afforded ample security against any exterior
splitting or cracking.

The Great Gun Is Finished

THE thousands of workmen under the guidance
of the ten foremen, superintended by Barbi-
cane, progressed with such zeal and intelligence that

in less than six months the tunnel was finished. It
measured nearly ninety feet in diameter and two
thousand feet long. As it was important that the
projectile should glide along a perfectly smooth
surface without losing any of the gas deflagration,
the interior was lined with a smooth tube of cast
iron. This was a much larger affair than the cele-
brated Columbiad of Tampa Town, which had sent
the aluminum projectile around the Moon. But
what is there that is impossible to the engineers of
the modern world?

  While the boring went on in the flank of Kiliman-
jaro, the workmen were busy at the second foundry.
While the tube was being built the enormous pro-
jectile was in process of manufacture.

  All it consisted of was a mass of cast-iron, cylin-
droconical in form, weighing one hundred and eight
thousand tons. It had never been intended to make
such a casting in one piece, but to provide one hun-
dred and eighty masses, each of one thousand tons,
which could be hoisted into the tube and arranged
in front of the meli-melonite so as to form a com-
pact charge.

  It thus became necessary to furnish the second
foundry with four hundred thousand tons of ore,
seventy thousand tons of flux, and four hundred
thousand tons of good coal, which at the outset was
transformed into two hundred and eighty thousand
tons of coke. As the deposits were all in the vicinity,
this was only a matter of transport.

  The greatest difficulty was the construction of the
blast furnaces for dealing with the ore; but never-
theless, before a month was out ten furnaces were
at work, capable, each, of an output of one hundred
and eighty tons a day. This gave eighteen hun-
dred tons in the twenty-four hours, and a hundred
and eighty thousand tons in ten working days.

  In the meli-melonite factory the work went on
easily, and so secretly that the composition of the
explosive was never discovered. All went well; and
there was hardly an accident to mar the progress.

  The Sultan was delighted. He followed the
operations with indefatigable assiduity, and it may
be imagined how his Majesty’s presence stimulated
the zeal of his faithful subjects.

  When he asked what it all meant, Barbicane
would reply engimatically:

  “It is a work which will change the face of the
world!”

  “A work,” Captain Nicholl would add, “that will
confer on the Sultan Bali-Bali a glory that will
never fade among the monarchs of Eastern Africa!”

  And that the Sultan of the Wamasai felt proud
there is no need for us to insist!

The Great Projectile

ON the 29th of August the works were completed.
The tunnel was lined with the smooth iron
tube built up within it. At the end lay stored two
thousand tons of meli-melonite in communication
with the box of fulminate. Then came the pro-
jectile three hundred and forty-five feet long. In
front of the projectile was a space of fourteen hun-
dred and fifty feet in which effect would be given
to the impulse due to the expansion of the gas.

  That being the case, there remained the question
—a question of pure "ballistics—would the projectile
have the trajectory assigned to it by J. T. Maston?
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

631

The calculations were correct. They indicated in
what measure the projectile would deviate to the
east of the meridian of Kilimanjaro in virtue of
the earth's rotation, and what would be the form
of the hyperbolic curve which it described in virtue
of its enormous initial velocity.

  Second question: Would it be visible during its
flight? No, for when it left the tube plunged in
the darkness of the earth, it could not be seen, and
besides owing to its moderate height it would have
a very considerable angular velocity. Once it
entered the zone of light, the smallness of its volume
would conceal it from the most powerful glasses,
and for a stronger reason it would, when free from
the influence of terrestrial attraction, gravitate for-
ever around the Sun.

  Assuredly Barbicane & Co. might be proud of
the work they were about to complete. Why was
not J. T. Maston there to admire the admirable
execution of the works which was worthy of the
precision of the calculations that had ispired them?
And above all things why was he far away when
the formidable detonation would awake the echoes
of the most distant horizons of Africa?

  In thinking of him his colleagues had no notion
that he had had to leave Ballistic Cottage after
escaping from Baltimore jail, and was now in hid-
ing to save his precious life. They knew not to
what a degree public opinion had risen against the
North Polar Practical Association. They knew
not what would be the massacres, quarterings, and
roastings if the people happened to lay hold of them.
Indeed they were fortunate that when the mine
was fired they could only be saluted by the shouts
of the Wamasai.

  “At last!” said Captain Nicholl, when on the
evening of the 22nd of September they were stroll-
ing about at the mouth of the mine.

  “Yes! At last! And also—Ha!” and Barbicane
gave a sigh of relief.

  “If you had to begin again?”

  “Bah! We should begin again!”

  “What luck,” said Nicholl, “that we should have
at our disposal this admirable meli-melonite!”
“Which will make you illustrious Nicholl!”
“Doubtless, Barbicane,” said the captain modestly.
“But do you know how many galleries we should
have had to drive in the flanks of Kilimanjaro to
obtain the same result if we had only gun-cotton
like that which flung our projectile at the Moon?”
“Tell me.”

  “One hundred and eighty, Barbicane!”

  “Well, we would have driven them!”

  “And a hundred and eighty projectiles of a hun-
dred and eighty thousand tons!”

  “We would have made them, Nicholl!”

  There *is no nonsense about men of this stamp.
But when artillerists have made the round of the
Moon, of what could they not be capable?

An Excited Mathematician

AND that very evening, an hour or two only be-
fore the discharge was to take place, and while
Barbicane and Nicholl were thus congratulating
themselves, Alcide Pierdeux, shut up in his room
at Baltimore, jumped to his feet and whooped like
a Redskin.

  “Whoooop! Mr. J. T. Maston! You brute, you

shall swallow your problem, you shall! And why
didn’t I see that before! In the name of a cosine!
If I knew where you were I would ask you to supper,
and we would have a glass of champagne together
at the very moment your gun is to go off!”

  And he capered around the room and whirled his
arms about like a railway signal gone mad.

  “Whoooop, you old plum-tree! You must have
had a big bang when you calculated the cannon of
Kilimanjaro! Hurrah for the cannon of Kiliman-
jaro; and how many more would you like? That
is not only the sine qua non, my boy, but the sine
cannon I Whoooop! ’ ’

CHAPTER XVIII

The Wamasai Wait far the Word to Fire

IT was the evening of the 22nd of September—
that memorable date to which public opinion
assigned an influence as disastrous as that of
the 1st of January, 1000.

  Twelve hours after the sun passed the meridian
of Kilimanjaro, that is to say, at midnight, the hand
of Captain Nicholl would fire the terrible mine.

  From Kilimanjaro to Baltimore is one hundred
and fourteen degrees, or a difference in time of four
hundred and fifty-six minutes. At the moment of
discharge it would be twenty-four minutes past
five in the afternoon in the great city of Maryland.

  The weather was magnificent. The sun had just
set on the plains of the Wamasai behind a perfectly
clear horizon. Barbicane & Co. could not have
wished for a better night, a calmer or a more star-
lit one, in which to hurl their projectile into space.
There was not a cloud to mingle with the artificial
vapor developed by the deflagration of the meli-
melonite.

  Who knows? Perhaps Barbicane and Nicholl
were regretting that they could not take their places
inside the projectile? In the first second they could
have traveled over seventeen hundred miles! After
having penetrated the mysteries of the lunar world,
they would have penetrated those of the solar world,
and under conditions differently interesting from
those of Hector Servadac on the comet Gallia!

  The Sultan Bali-Bali, the great personages of his
court, that is to say, his minister of finance and his
minister of works, and the staff of black workmen,
were gathered together to watch their final opera-
tion. But, with commendable prudence, they had
taken up their position three miles away from the
mouth of the mine, so as to suffer no inconvenience
from the disturbance of the atmosphere.

  Around them were a few thousand natives from
Kisongo and the villages in the south of the prov-
ince, who had been ordered by the Sultan to come
and admire the spectacle.

  A wire connecting an electric battery with the
detonator of the fulminate in the tube lay ready to
fire the meli-melonite.

  As a prelude, an excellent repast had assembled
at the same table the Sultan, his American visitors,
and the notabilities of the capital—the whole at the
cost of Bali-Bali, who did the thing all the better
from his knowing he would be reimbursed out of the
ample purse of Barbicane & Co.

  It was eleven o’clock when the banquet, which had
begun at half-past seven, came to an end by a toast
632

AMAZING STORIES

proposed by the Sultan in honor of the engineers of
the North Polar Practical Association and the suc-
cess of their undertaking.

A Failure

IN an hour the modification of the geographical
and climatological conditions of the Earth
would be an accomplished fact-

 Barbicane, his colleague, and the ten foremen be-
 gan to take up their places around the hut in which
 the electric battery was placed.

Barbicane, chronometer in hand, counted the
minutes—and never did they seem so long—those
minutes which seemed not years, but centuries!

At ten minutes to twelve he and Captain Nicholl
approached the apparatus which put the wire in
communication with the cannon of Kilimanjaro.

The Sultan, his court, the crowd of natives
formed an immense circle around them.

 It was essential that the discharge should take
 place at the precise moment indicated in the calcula-
 tions of J. T. Maston, that is at the instant the sun
 touched the equinoctial line, which henceforth he
 would never leave in his apparent orbit around the
 terrestrial spheroid.

 Five minutes to twelve!

 Faur minutes to twelve!

 Three minutes to twelve!

Two minutes to twelve!

 One minute to twelve!

Barbicane followed the hand of the chronometer,
which was lighted by a lantern held by one of the
foremen.

 Captain Nicholl stood with his finger on the but-
 ton of the apparatus ready to close the circuit.

Twenty seconds to twelve!

Ten seconds!

There was not the suspicion of a shake in the
hand of the impassible Captain Nicholl. He and his
friend were no more excited than when, shut up in
the projectile, they waited for the Columbiad to
despatch them to the Moon.

 Five seconds!

One!

 “Fire!” said Barbicane.

 And Nicholl’s finger pressed the button.

The noise was truly awful. The echoes rolled in
thunders far beyond the realm of the Wamasai.
There was a shrill shriek of the projectile which
traversed the air under the impetus from milliards
of milliards of litres of gas developed by the in-
stantaneous deflagration of two thousand tons of
meli-melonite. It seemed as though there had passed
over the surface of the Earth one of those storms in
which are gathered all the fury of Nature.

 And the effect could have been no more terrible if
 all the guns of all the artilleries of the world had
 been joined to the thunders of the sky to give one
 long continuous roar together.

CHAPTER XIX

J. T. Maston Regrets He Was Not Lynched

THE capitals of the globe—and also the less
important towns, and even the humbler vil-
lages—were, as a rule, waiting for the result
in a paroxysm of terror. The newspapers took care

that the exact moment corresponding to midnight
at Kilimanjaro should be thoroughly well known.

  At Baltimore, as we are aware, twelve hours after
the passage of the Sun on the meridian of Kiliman-
jaro, it would be 5:24 p. m.

  We need not enlarge on the agony of these mo-
ments. The most pewerful pen of modern times
would be helpless to describe them.

  That the inhabitants of Baltimore ran no dan-
ger of being swept away by the rising sea may be
very true! That they would not see Chesapeake
Bay empty itself, and Cape Hatteras at the end be-
come a mountain crest above the dried Atlantic, is
agreed! But the city, like many others not menaced
with emersion or immersion, might be shattered by
the shock, its monuments thrown down, and its
streets engulfed in the abysses that might open in
the ground! And was there not a justification for
fearing for those other parts of the world which
would never survive the displacement of the waters?

  Why, certainly!

  And so every human being in that city felt a cold
shiver in the spinal marrow during that fatal
minute. Yes! all trembled with terror—but one!
And that one was Vitrolic Alcide, who was quietly
sipping a cup of hot coffee as if he and the old world
would last forever.

  5:24 p. m., answering to Kilimanjaro midnight,
passed.

  At Baltimore—nothing occurred!

  At London, Berlin, Paris, Rome, Constantinople—
nothing! Not the least shock!

  Professor Milne, in the coal-pit at Kagoshina, in
Japan, gazed steadily at the seismograph, and saw
not the least abnormal movement in the crust of the
Earth in that part of the world.

  At Baltimore there was no sign of any disturb-
ance whatsoever. The sky was cloudy, and when
the night came it was impossible to see if the ap-
parent movement of the stars had changed—which
would, of course, have indicated a change in the
Earth’s axis.

Explanation

WHAT a night did J. T. Maston pass in his re-
treat, unknown to all save Mrs. Scorbitt! He
raged! He raved! He could not keep still. Would
that he had been a few days older, to see if the
curve of the Sun was modified—an indisputable
proof of the success of the operation. On the 23rd
the change would not be noticeable, for on that day
the Sun invariably rises due east in every country
of the globe.

  In the morning the Sun rose just as usual.

  Major Donellan and his friends were on the ter-
race of their hotel. They had furnished themselves
with instruments of extreme precision, which would
show if the Sun described its curve in the plane of
the Equator.

  There was nothing to show that it did; and a few
minutes after it had risen the radiant disk inclined
toward the southern hemisphere.

  There was no change in its apparent path.

  The Major and his colleagues expressed their de-
light by giving three cheers for the Sun.

  The sky was superb, the horizon quite clear from
the mists of the night, and never did the glorious
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

633

orb present himself under greater conditions of
splendor before a wondering people.

 “And the very place noted by the laws of astron-
 omy!” said Baldenak.

 “Of our old astronomy,” said Karkof, “which these
 madmen attempted to annihilate!”

 “To their cost and shame,” said Jansen.

 “And the Arctic regions will remain under their
 eternal ice!” said Professor Harald.

 “Hurrah for the Sun!” shouted Donellan. “He is
 good enough for us as he is!”

 “Hurrah! hurrah!” said the others on the bal-
 cony.

 Then it was that Todrin, who had said nothing,
 remarked judiciously, “Perhaps they have not
 fired!”

 “Not fired?” ejaculated the Major aghast.

 And that, with a different intonation, was what
 J. T. Maston and Mrs. Scorbitt said.

 “Not fired?”

 And that was what the wise and the foolish were
 asking; and it was what Alcide Pierdeux said, add-
 ing, “Whether they fired or no, it does not matter!
 The Earth will still spin on its old axis!”

 No one knew what had passed at Kilimanjaro;
 but before the end of the day an answer was given
 to the question that puzzled humanity.

 There was a telegram from Zanzibar:—

 “To John S. Wright, Washington, U. S. A.

 . ‘'Zanzibar, 23rd September, 7:27 a. m., local time.
 Discharge took place at midnight from cannon on
 southern side of Kilimanjaro. Projectile traveled
 with fearful shriek. Awful explosion. Province
 devastated by a tornado. Sea risen in the Mozam-
 bique Channel. Many ships damaged and driven on
 shore. Towns and villages annihilated. All well,
 as usual.—Richard W. Trust, U. S. Consul.”

 Yes. All well as usual I Nothing changed in the
 state of affairs except the disasters among the
 Wamasai caused by the artificial tornado and the
 wrecks caused by the risen sea.

 And had it not been the same when the famous
 Columbia had sent its projectile toward the Moon?
 The shock communicated to the soil of Florida had
 only been experienced for a hundred miles around.
 But this time the effect ought to have been a hun-
 dred times as great.

 Under any circumstances the telegram informed
 the world of two matters of interest:—

 1.	The enormous cannon had been made in the
 flank of Kilimanjaro.

 2.	It had been fired at the time stated.

Paying the African Money

 AND then the world gave a shout of satisfaction,
 which was followed by an immense shout of
 laughter.

 Barbicane & Co.’s attempt had failed piteously!
 J. T. Maston’s calculations might as well be put in
 the wastepaper basket! The North Polar Practical
 Association had nothing now to do but go into
 another kind of liquidation!

 Could it be possible that the secretary of the
 Gun Club had made a mistake?

 “I would rather believe I am deceived in the
 affection with which he inspires me,” said Mrs.
 Evangelina Scorbitt.

 And if there was a discomfited being on the face

 of the planet it was J. T. Maston. When he saw
 that nothing had changed in the conditions of the
 Earth’s movement, he was buoyed up with hope that
 some accident had retarded the work of Barbicane
 and Nicholl.

  But since the Zanzibar telegram he had to admit
that the experiment had failed.

  Failed? And the equations, the formulae from
which he had deduced the success of the enterprise!
Was the gun not long enough, the projectile not
heavy enough, the explosive not strong enough? No!
It was inadmissible!

  J. T. Maston was in such a state of excitement
that he declared he would leave his retreat. Mrs.
Scorbit tried in vain to prevent him. Not that she
feared for his life, for the danger was over. But
the pleasantries that would be showered on the un-
happy calculator, the jokes that would rain on his
work—she would have spared him.

  And, still more serious, what was the reception
the Gun Club would give him? Would they retain
him as their secretary after a failure that covered
them with ridicule? Was not he, the author of the
calculations, entirely responsible for the collapse?

  He would listen to nothing. He would yield
neither to the tears nor prayers of Mrs. Scorbitt. He
came out of the house in which he was hidden. He
appeared in the streets of Baltimore. He was
recognized, and those whom he had menaced in their
fortune and existence, whose anxiety he had pro-
longed by his obstinate silence, took vengeance on
him by deriding him in every way.

  The street boys shouted after him, “Go along, old
Pole-shifter!” “Hallo, old clock-jobber!” “How’s
the figuring tinker?”

  And a mob gathered and began to hustle him, and
he had to seek refuge in the New Park mansion,
where Mrs. Scorbitt did her best to console him. It
was in vain.

  J. T. Maston—after the example of Niobe—would
not be consoled. His gun had produced no more
effect on the terrestrial spheroid than an ordinary
fire cracker.

  A fortnight went by, and the world had already
forgotten the North Polar Practical Association. A
fortnight, and no news of Barbicane or Captain
Nicholl! Had they perished in the counter-shock
of the explosion, victims to the ravages produced
among the Wamasai? Had they paid with their
lives for the biggest mystification of modern times?

  No. At the explosion Barbicane and Nicholl had
been thrown down; so had the Sultan, and several
thousand natives; but they had all risen again safe
and sound.

  “Is it a success?” asked Bali-Bali, rubbing his
shoulders.

  “Can you doubt it?”

  “I—doubt it! But when shall we know?”

  “In a day or two!” said Barbicane.

  Did he see that the attempt had failed?

  Possibly. But he never would have admitted it
to the monarch of the Wamasai.

  Two days afterward Barbicane and Nicholl took
their leave of Bali-Bali, not without paying a good
round sum for the destruction done to the surface
of his kingdom. And as the money went to his own
private pocket, and his subjects got not a dollar, he
had no cause to regret so lucrative an affair.
634

AMAZING STORIES

 Then the two friends, followed by their foremen,
 reached Zanzibar, where they found a vessel start-
 ing for Suez. There, under assumed names, they
 took passage to Marseilles, whence by the P. L. M.
 and the Ouest they reached Havre, where they went
 on board the Bourgogne and crossed the Atlantic.

 In twenty-two days after they left the Wamasai
 they were in New York.

 On the 15th of October, at three o'clock in the
 afternoon, they knocked at the door of the mansion
 in New Park.

 A minute afterward they were in the presence of
 Mrs. Scorbitt and J. T. Maston.

CHAPTER XX

     The End of This Remarkable Story
     ARBICANE ? Nicholl ?”

 |-£ “Maston!”

 JLJ “You?”

     “We!”

 And in that pronoun, spoken simultaneously by
 the two in a singular tone, there was everything
 that could be said in the way of irony and reproach.

 J. T. Maston passed his iron hook across his fore-
 head. Then in a voice that hissed between his lips
 he asked:

 “Your gallery at Kilimanjaro was two thousand
 feet long and ninety in diameter?”

 “Yes.”

 “Your projectile weighed one hundred and eighty
 thousand tons?”

 “Yes.”

 “And you used two thousand tons of meli-
 melonite?”

 “Yes.”

 The three yes’s fell like blows of a sledge-hammer
 on J. T. Maston’s occiput.

 “Then I conclude—” he said.

 “What?” asked Barbicane.

 “That, as the experiment failed, the explosive did
 not give the projectile the necessary initial velo-
 city !”

 “Indeed!” said Captain Nicholl.

 “And that your meli-melonite is only fit for pop-
 guns !”

 Captain Nicholl started at the insult.

 “Maston!” he exclaimed.

 “Nicholl!”

 “Will you fight me with meli-melonite?”

 “No; with gun-cotton. It is surer!”

 Mrs. Scorbitt hastened to interfere.

 “Gentlemen! Gentlemen!” she said. “Between
 friends!”

 Then Impey Barbicane put in a word very quietly.
 “What is the use of abusing each other? It is
 certain that the calculations of our friend Maston
 were correct, and it is certain that the explosive of
 our friend Nicholl was sufficient 1 We followed ex-
 actly the teachings of science! And we failed! For
 what reason? Probably we shall never know!”
 “Well,” said the secretary of the Gun Club; “we
 will try it again!”

 “And the money which has been lost?” observed
 Captain Nicholl.

 “And public opinion, which will not permit you
 to again risk the fate of the world?” added Mrs.
 Scorbitt.

  What will become of the North Pole?” asked
Nicholl.

  “What is the value of the shares in the North
Polar Practical Association?” asked Barbicane.

  Oh, what a fall there had been thereof! The
certificates could be bought at waste-paper prices.

Ridicule Develops

SUCH was the memorable fiasco of the gigantic
project of Barbicane & Co.

  If ever unfortunate engineers were overwhelmed
with ridicule, if ever there were amusing articles in
the newspapers, caricatures, comic songs, parodies
—it was then. Barbicane, the director of the Associa-
tion, the members of the Gun Club, were literally
covered with scorn. The storm of contempt was so
thoroughly American that it was untranslatable even
in Volapuk. And Europe joined in with such vigor
that at last America was scandalized. And then
remembering that Barbicane, Nicholl, and Maston
were of American birth, and belonged to the famous
club of Baltimore, a reaction in their favor set in,
which was almost strong enough to make the United
States declare war against the Old World.

  But was it ever to be known why the enterprise
failed? Did the failure prove that the project was
impossible, that the forces of which man disposes
will never be sufficient to bring about a change in
the Earth’s diurnal movement, that never would the
Polar regions be displaced in latitude to such an
extent that their icy mantle will be melted by the
solar rays?

  That this was the case appeared undoubted a few
days after the return of Barbicane and Nicholl to
the United States.

  A letter appeared in the Parisian Temps of the
17th of October, which did mankind a service in con-
firming it in its feeling of security.

A Letter from the Great Mathematician

HE letter was the following:—

  “The abortive attempt to furnish the Earth
with a new axis is now known. Nevertheless, the
calculations of J. T. Maston were correctly founded,
and would have produced the desired results if by
some inexplicable distraction they had not been nul-
lified by an error at the outset.

  “In fact, the celebrated secretary of the Gun Club'
took for his basis the circumference of the terres-
trial spheroid at forty thousand metres instead of
forty million metres—and that nullified the solution.

  “How came he to make 3uch an error? What
could have caused it.? How could so remarkable a
mathematician have made such a mistake? Con-
jecture is vain.

  “There is no doubt that the problem of the change
of the terrestrial axis was correctly stated, and it
should have been correctly worked out. But the
initial error of three noughts produced an error of
twelve noughts in the final result

  “It is not a cannon a million times as large as a
four hundred-pounder, but a million million million
such cannons, hurling a million million million pro-
jectiles of one hundred and eighty thousand tons,
that would displace the Pole 23° 28', supposing that
melio-melonite has the expansive power attributed
to it by Captain Nicholl.

“In short, the discharge of the projectile at Kili-
THE PURCHASE OF THE NORTH POLE

635

manjaro has been to displace the Pole three microns
—that is, one ten-thousandth of an inch, and the
maximum effect on the level of the sea must have
been just nine-thousandths of a micron.

  “The projectile has become a small planet and
henceforth belongs to our system, in which it is re-
tained by the solar attraction.

“Alcide Pierdeux.”

  So it was some distraction of J. T. Maston’s, an
error of three noughts at the beginning of his cal-
culations, that had brought this humiliating disaster
on Barbicane & Co.

  The members of the Gun Club were furious, but
among the general public a reaction arose in favor
of the poor fellow. After all, it was this mistake
which had caused all the evil—or rather all the
good, for it saved the world from ruin.

  And so compliments came in from all parts, and
letters arrived in millions congratulating J. T. Mas-
ton on having forgotten his three noughts!

  But that extraordinary man, more deeply dis-
gusted than ever, would not listen to the congratu-
latory world. Barbicane, Nicholl, Tom Hunter
with the wooden leg, Colonel Bloomsberry, the
brisk Bilsby, and their friends, would never for*
give him.

  But at least there remained Mrs. Scorbitt!

  At first J. T. Maston refused to admit that he
had made a mistake; and set to work to check his
calculations.

  Vitriolic Alcide was, however, accurate. And that
was why, when he found the error at the last mo-
ment, and had no time to reassure his fellow-men he
so calmly sipped his pleasant hot cup of coffee while
the spinal marrow was so unpleasantly cool in his
fellow-men’s backs.

  There was no disguising the fact. Three noughts
had slipped out of the terrestial waist!

  Then it was that J. T. Maston remembered! It
was at the beginning of his labors when he had shut
himself up in Ballistic Cottage. He had written
the number of 40,000,000 on the blackboard.

  At that moment came a hurried tinkle from the
telephone. He had gone to the instrument. He had
exchanged a few words with Mrs. Scorbitt. There
was a flash of lightning that upset him and his
blackboard. He picked himself and his blackboard
up. He began to write in the figures half rubbed
out by the falL He had just written 40,000—when
the bell rang a second time. And when he returned
to work he had forgotten the three last noughts in
the measure of the Earth’s equator!

Now all that was the fault of Mrs. Scorbitt. If

she had not bothered him he would never have been
knocked down by the return shock of that electrical
discharge.

  And so the unhappy woman also received a shock
when J. T. Maston told her how the mistake had
been made. Yes! She was the cause of the disas-
ter ! It was her doing that J. T. Maston was now
dishonored for the many years he had to live, for
it was the general custom to die as centenarians in
the Gun Club.

  And after the interview J. T. Maston fled from
the house in New Park. He went back to Ballistic
Cottage. He strode about his work-room saying to
himself:

  “Now I am good for nothing in the world!”

  “Not even if you were to marry?” said a voice
which emotion made heartrending.

  It was Mi-s. Scorbitt.

  Tearful and distracted she had followed J. T.
Maston.

  “Dear Maston!” said she.

  “Well! Yes!” said he; “on one condition—that I
never again touch mathematics.”

A Happy Marriage

«t ABOMINATE them!” said the widow.

  J. And thus it was that Mrs. Scorbitt became
Mrs. J. T. Maston.

  As to Alcide Pierdeux, what honor, what celebrity
that letter brought him and his old school! Trans-
lated into all languages, copied into all newspapers,
it made his name known throughout the world.

  It happened, therefore, that the father of the
pretty Provemjale, who had refused him his daugh-
ter’s hand because he was too learned, came to read
the famous letter in the Petit Marseillais. Without
any assistance he managed to make out its meaning.
And then he was seized with remorse, and, as a pre-
liminary measure, sent Vitriolic Alcide an invitation
to dinner.

  And so the world was left as it was.

  No attempt was made by Barbicane & Co. to re-
sume business. Any attempt would have been futile.
Aclide’s contention was indisputable. It could be
shown by mechanics that to effect a displacement
of 23° 28', even with meli-melonite, so many Kili-
manjaro guns or mines would be required, that the
surface of the earth could not hold them.

  The world’s inhabitants could thus sleep in peace.
To modify the conditions of the Earth’s movement
is beyond the powers of man. It is not given to
mankind to change the order established by the
Creator in the system of the Universe.

            The End

Hail And Good-By

        By Leland S. Copeland

 Where counter star-streams meet and blend,
 Where suns and comets fly,

 We wake at last in human form
 To ponder whence and why.

 A billion billion ages lapsed,

 A trillion worlds went by,

 Ere we could rise from light and dust
 To labor, love, and die.

 Far out within the Milky Way
 Our pellet Earth is cast,

 Whose children dream that mind will live
 When all the stars have passed.

 We cannot glimpse the future’s gift,

 But one thought holds us fast—

 To think, to try, is good, and then
 To vanish in the Vast.
 pie Island o/>DrMoreait

                      r. Wells •**

Author of The War of the Worlds”, “The Abyss”

Then, suddenly, far in front of me, I saw first one and then several figures emerging from the bushes. . . . Turning seaward 1
walked straight into the water. The water was very shallow at first. I was thirty yards out before the waves reached to my waist.

636
Introduction

ON February the First, 1887, the Lady Vain was
lost by collision with a derelict when about in
latitude 1° S. and longitude 107° W.

  On January the Fifth, 1888—that is eleven
months and four days after—my uncle, Edward
Prendick, a private gentleman, who certainly went
aboard the Lady Vain at Callao, and who had been
considered drowned, was picked up in latitude 5° 3'
S. and longitude 101° W. in a small open boat of
which the name was illegible, but which is sup-
posed to have belonged to the missing schooner Ipe-
cacuanha. He gave such a strange account of him-
self that he was supposed demented. Subsequently
he alleged that his mind was a blank from the mo-
ment of his escape from the Lady Vadn. His case
was discussed among psychologists at the time as
a curious instance of the lapse of memory conse-
quent upon physical and mental stress. The fol-
lowing narrative was found among his papers by the
undersigned, his nephew and heir, but unaccom-
panied by any definite request for publication.

  The only island known to exist in the region in
which my ucle was picked up is Noble’s Isle, a small
volcanic islet and uninhabited. It was visited in

1891 by H. M. S. Scorpion. A party of sailors then
landed, but found nothing living thereon except cer-
tain curious white moths, some hogs and rabbits,
and some rather peculiar rats. So that this narra-
tive is without confirmation in its most essential
particular. With that understood, there seems no
harm in putting this strange story before the pub-
lic in accordance, as I believe, with my uncle’s in-
tentions. There is at least this much in its behalf:
my unele passed out of human knowledge afeout
latitude 5° S. and longitude 105° E., and reappeared
in the same part of the ocean after a space of eleven
months. In some way he must have lived during the
interval. And it seems that a schooner called the
Ipecacuanha with a drunken captain, John Davies,
did start from Africa with a puma and certain other
animals aboard in January, 1887, that the vessel
was well known at several ports in the South Pacific,
and that it finally disappeared from those seas (with
a considerable amount of copra aboard), sailing to
its unknown fate from Bayna in December, 1887,
a date that tallies entirely with my uncle’s story.

Charles Edward Prendick.

THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

                    By H. G. WELLS

              (The Story written by Edward Prendick.)

CHAPTER I.

In the Dingey of the “Lady Vain”

DO not propose to add anything to what
has already been written concerning the
loss of the “Lady Vain." As every one
knows, she collided with a derelict when
ten days out from Callao. The long-
boat, with seven of the crew, was picked up eigh-
teen days after by H. M.
gunboat “Myrtle," and the
story of their terrible pri-
vations has become quite
as well known as the far
more horrible “Medztsa”
case. But I have to add
to the published story of
the “Lady Vain” another,
possibly as horrible and
far stranger. It has
hitherto been supposed
that the four men who
were in the dingey perish-
ed, but this is incorrect.

I have the best of evidence
for this assertion: I was
one of the four men.

  But in the first place I
must state that there never were four men in the
dingey,—the number was three. Constans, who
was “seen by the captain to jump into the gig,”1
luckily for us and unluckily for himself did not
reach us. He came down out of the tangle of ropes
under the stays of the smashed bowsprit, some rope
caught his heel as he let go, and he hung for a

moment head downward, and then fell and struck
a block or spar floating in the water. We pulled
towards him, but he never came up.

  I say luckily for us he did not reach us, and I
might almost say luckily for himself; for we had
only a small breaker of water and some soddened
ship’s biscuits with us, so sudden had been the
alarm, so unprepared the ship for any disaster. We
thought the people on the launch would be better
provisioned (though it
seeras they were not),
and we tried to hail them.
They could not have heard
us, and the next morning
when the drizzle cleared,
—which was not until
past midday,—we could
see nothing of them. We
could not stand up to look
about us, because of the
pitching of the boat. The
two other men who had
escaped so far with me
were a man named Hel-
mar, a passenger like my-
self, and a seaman whose
name I don’t know,—a
short sturdy man, with a
stammer.

  We drifted famishing, and, after our water had
come to an end, tormented by an intolerable thirst,
for eight days altogether. After the second day the
sea subsided slowly to a glassy calm. It is quite
impossible for the ordinary reader to imagine those
eight days. He has not, luckily for himself, any-

 ZJERE is a tremendous story by our well-known au-
 thor, a story which, for gripping and human inter-
 est, probably has no parallel in the annals of our whole
 modern literature. It is, frankly, not a very pleasant
 story to read, but it is certainly the most daring and
 unusual piece of literature in existence today.

   Mr. Wells himself calls the story "A Possibility.” We
 do not wish to disagree with him here, but it is our opin-
 ion that Mr. Wells has tried to sketch a travesty upon
 human beings, and in this he has more than succeeded.
 The thin veneer of civilisation with which we humans are
 covered is ruthlessly tom aside in Mr. Wells’ analogy of
 the human race, and it leaves us much as we really arc
 without the veneer.

 This is a really engrossing story, superb all the way
 through.

*DaiIy News, March 17, 1887.

637
638

AMAZING STORIES

thing in his memory to imagine with. After the
first day we said little to one another, and lay in
our places in the boat and stared at the horizon, or
watched, with eyes that grew larger and more hag-
gard every day, the misery and weakness gaining
upon our companions. The sun became pitiless. The
water ended on the fourth day, and we were already
thinking strange things and saying them with our
eyes; but it was, I think, the sixth before Helmar
gave voice to the thing we had all been thinking. I
remember our voices were dry and thin, so that we
bent towards one another and spared our words. I
stood out against it with all my might, was rather
for scuttling the boat and perishing together among
the sharks that followed us; but when Helmar said
that if his proposal was accepted we should have
drink, the sailor came round to him.

  I would not draw lots however, and in the night
the sailor whispered to Helmar again and again,
and I sat in the bows with my clasp-knife in my
hand, though I doubt if I had the stuff in me to
fight; and in the morning I agreed to Helmar’s
proposal, and we handed halfpence to find the odd
man. The lot fell upon the sailor; but he was the
strongest of us and would not abide by it, and
attacked Helmar with his hands. They grappled
together and almost stood up. I crawled along the
boat to them, intending to help Helmar by grasp-
ing the sailor’s leg; but the sailor stumbled with
the swaying of the boat, and the two fell upon the
gunwale and rolled overboard together. They sank
like stones. I remember laughing at that, and won-
dering why I laughed. The laugh caught me sud-
denly like a thing from without.

  I lay across on one of the thwarts for I know not
how long, thinking that if I had the strength I
would drink sea-water and madden myself to die
quickly. And even as I lay there I saw, with no
more interest than if it had been a picture, a sail
come up towards me over the skyline. My mind
must have been wandering, and yet I remember all
that happened, quite distinctly. I remember how my
head swayed with the seas, and the horizon with the
sail above it danced up and down; but I also re-
member as distinctly that I had a persuasion that I
was dead, and that I thought what a jest it was that
they should come too late by such a little to catch
me in my body.

  For an endless period, it seemed to me, I lay with
my head on the thwart watching the schooner (she
was a little vessel, schooner-rigged, fore and aft)
come up out of the sea. She kept tacking to and
fro in a widening compass, for she was working
dead into the wind. It never entered my head to
attempt to attract attention, and I do not remem-
ber anything distinctly after the sight of her side
until I found myself in a little cabin aft. There’s
a dim half-memory of being lifted up to the gang-
way, and of a big red countenance covered with
freckles and surrounded with red hair staring at
me over the bulwarks. I also had a disconnected
impression of a dark face, with extraordinary eyes,
close to mine; but that I thought was a nightmare,
until I met it again. I fancy I recollect some stuff
being poured in between my teeth; and that is all.

CHAPTER II.

The Man Who Was Going Nowhere

THE cabin in which I found myself was small
and rather untidy. A youngish man with
flaxen hair, a bristly straw-coloured mous-
tache, and a dropping nether lip, was sitting and
holding my wrist. For a minute we stared at each
other without speaking. He had watery grey eyes,
oddly void of expression. Then just overhead came
a sound like an iron bedstead being knocked about,
and the low angry growling of some large animal.
At the same time the man spoke. He repeated his
question,—

  “How do you feel now?”

  I think I said I felt all right. I could not recol-
lect how I had got there. He must have seen the
question in my face, for my voice was inaccessible
to me.

  “You were picked up in a boat, starving. The
name on the boat was the *Lady Vain/ and there
were spots of blood on the gunwale.”

  At the same time my eye caught my hand, thin
so that it looked like a dirty skin-purse full of loose
bones, and all the business of the boat came back to
me.

  “Have some of this,” said he, and gave me a dose
of some scarlet stuff, iced.

It tasted like blood, and made me feel stronger.

  “You were in luck,” said he, “to get picked up
by a ship with a medical man aboard.” He spoke
with a slobbering articulation, with the ghost of a
lisp.

  What ship is this?” I said slowly, hoarse from
my long silence.

  “It’s a little trader from Arica and Callao. I
never asked where she came from in the beginning,
—out of the land of born fools, I guess. I’m a pas-
senger myself, from Arica. The silly ass who
owns her,—he’s captain too, named Davies,—he’s
lost his certificate, or something. You know the
kind of man,—calls the thing the ‘Ipecacuanha,’ of
all silly, infernal names; though when there’s much
of a sea without any wind, she certainly acts ac-
cording.”

  (Then the noise overhead began again, a snarling
growl and the voice of a human being together.
Then another voice, telling some “Heaven-forsaken
idiot” to desist.)

  ‘You were nearly dead,” said my interlocutor.
“It was a very near thing, indeed. But I’ve put
some stuff into you now. Notice your arm’s sore?
Injections. You’ve been insensible for nearly thirty
hours.”

  I thought slowly. (I was distracted now by the
yelping of a number of dogs.) “Am I eligible for
solid food?” I asked.

  “Thanks to me,” he said. “Even now the mutton
is boiling.”

  'Yes,” I said with assurance; “I could eat some
mutton.”

  “But,” said he with a momentary hesitation, “you
know I’m dying to hear of how you came to be alone
in that boat. Damn that howling!” I thought I
detected a certain suspicion in his eyes.

  He suddenly left the cabin, and I heard him in
violent controversy with some one, who seemed to
me to talk gibberish in response to him. The mat-
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU	639

ter sounded as though it ended in blows, but in that
1 thought my ears were mistaken. Then he shouted
at the dogs, and returned to the cabin.

  “Well? said he in the doorway. “You were just
beginning to tell me."

  I told him my name, Edward Prendick, and how I
had taken to Natural History as a relief from the
dullness of my confortable independence.

  He seemed interested in this. “I’ve done some
science myself. I did Biology at University College,
—getting out the ovary of the earthworm and the
radula of the snail, and all that. Lord! It’s ten
years ago. But go on! go on! tell me about the
boat.”

  He was evidently satisfied with the frankness of
my story, which I told in concise sentences enough,
for I felt horribly weak; and when it was finished
he reverted at once to the topic of Natural History
and his own biological studies. He began to ques-
tion me closely about Tottenham Court Road and
Gower Street. “Is Caplatzi still flourishing ? What
a shop that was!” He had evidently been a very
ordinary medical student, and drifted incontinently
to the topic of the music halls. He told me some
anecdotes. “Left it all,” he said, “ten years ago.
How jolly it all used to be! But I made a young ass
of myself,—played myself out before I was twenty-
one. I daresay it’s all different now. But I must
look up that ass of a cook, and see what he's done
to your mutton.”

  The growling overhead was renewed, so suddenly
and with so much savage anger that it startled, me.
“What’s that?” I called after him, but the door had
closed. He came back again with the boiled mut-
ton, and I was so excited by the appetising smell of
it that I forgot the noise of the beast that had
troubled me.

  After a day of alternate sleep and feeding I was
so far recovered as to be able to get from my bunk
to the scuttle, and see the green seas trying to keep
pace with us. I judged the schooner was running
before the wind. Montgomery—that was the name
of the flaxen-haired man—came in again as I stood
there, and I asked him for some clothes. He lent me
some duck things of his own, for those I had worn
in the boat had been thrown overboard. They were
rather loose for me, for he was large and long in
his limbs. He told me casually that the captain was
three-parts drunk in his own cabin. As I assumed
the clothes, I "began asking him some questions
about the destination of the ship. He said the ship
was bound to Hawaii, but that it had to land him
first.

  “Where?” said I.

  “It’s an island, where I live. So far as I know, it
hasn’t got a name.”

  He stared at me with his nether lip dropping, and
looked so wilfully stupid of a sudden that it came
into my head that he desired to avoid my questions.

I had the discretion to ask no more.

CHAPTER III.

The Strange Face

WE left the cabin and found a man at the
companion obstructing our way. He was
standing on the ladder with his back to us,
peering over the combing of the hatchway. He was, I

could see, a mishapen man, short, broad and clumsy,
with a crooked back, a hairy neck, and a head sunk
between his shoulders. He was dressed in dark-
blue serge, and had peculiarly thick, coarse, black
hair. I heard the unseen dogs growl furiously, and
forthwith he ducked back,—coming into contact
with the hand I put out to fend him off from
myself. He turned with animal swiftness.

   In some indefinable way the black face thus flashed
upon me shocked me profoundly. It was a
singularly deformed one. The facial part projected,
forming something dimly suggestive of a muzzle,
and the huge half-open mouth showed as big white
teeth as I had ever seen in a human mouth. His
eyes were bloodshot at the edges, with scarcely a
rim of white round the hazel pupils. There was a
curious glow of excitement in his face.

  “Confound you!” said Montgomery. “Why the
devil don’t you get out of the way?”

  The black-faced man started aside without a
word. I went on up the companion, staring at him
instinctively as I did so. Montgomery stayed at
the foot for a moment. “You have no business
here, you know,” he said in a deliberate tone. “Your
place is forward.”

  The black-faced man cowered. “They—won’t
have me forward.” He spoke slowly, with a queer,
hoarse quality in his voice.

  “Won’t have you forward!” said Montgomery, in
a menacing voice. “But I tell you to go!” He was
on the brink of saying something further, then
looked up at me suddenly and followed me up the
ladder.

  I had paused half way through the hatchway,
looking back, still astonished beyond measure at
the grotesque ugliness of this black-faced creature.
I had never beheld such a repulsive and extraordi-
nary face before, and yet—if the contradiction is
credible—I experienced at the same time an odd
feeling that in some way I had already encountered
exactly the features and gestures that now amazed
me. Afterwards it occurred to me that probably I
had seen him as I was lifted aboard; and yet that
scarcely satisfied my suspicion of a previous ac-
quaintance. Yet how one could have set eyes on so
singular a face and yet have forgotten the precise
occasion, passed my imagination.

  Montgomery’s movement to follow me released my
attention, and I turned and looked about me at the
flush deck of the little schooner. I was already half
prepared by the sounds I had heard for what I
saw. Certainly I never beheld a deck so dirty. It
was littered with scraps of carrot, shreds of green
stuff, and indescribable filth. Fastened by chains
to the mainmast were a number of grisly stag-
hounds, who now began leaping and barking at me,
and by the mizzen a huge puma was cramped in a
little iron cage far too small even to give it turn-
ing room. Farther under the starboard bulwark
were some big hutches containing a number of
rabbits, and a solitary llama was squeezed in a
mere box of a cage forward. The dogs were muz-
zled by leather straps. The only human being on
deck was a gaunt and silent sailor at the wheel.

  The patched and dirty lower sails were tense in
the wind, and up aloft the little ship seemed carry-
ing every sail she had. The sky was clear, the sun
midway down the western sky; long waves, capped
640

AMAZING STORIES

by the breeze with froth, were running with us.
We went past the steersman to the taffrail, and saw
the water come foaming under the stern and the
bubbles go dancing and vanishing in her wake. I
turned and surveyed the unsavoury length of the
ship.

  “Is this an ocean menagerie?” said I.

  “Looks like it,” said Montgomery.

  “What are these beasts for? Merchandise,
curios? Does the captain think he is going to sell
them somewhere in the South Seas?”

  “It looks like it, doesn’t it?” said Montgomery,
and turned towards the wake again.

  Suddenly we heard a yelp and a volley of furious
blasphemy from the companion hatchway, and the
deformed man with the black face came up hur-
riedly. He was immediately followed by a heavy
red-haired man in a white cap. At the sight of the
former the staghounds, who had all tired of barking
at me by this time, became furiously excited, howl-
ing and leaping against their chains. The black
hesitated before them, and this gave the red-haired
man time to come up with him and deliver a tre-
mendous blow between the shoulder-blades. The
poor devil went down like a felled ox, and rolled in
the dirt among the furiously excited dogs. It was
lucky for him that they were muzzled. The red-
haired man gave a yawp of exultation and stood
staggering, and as it seemed to me in serious
danger of either going backwards down the com-
panion hatchway or forward upon his victim.

  So soon as the second man had appeared, Mont-
gomery had started forward. “Steady on there!” he
cried, in a tone of remonstrance. A couple of sail-
ors appeared on the forecastle. The black-faced
man, howling in a singular voice, rolled about under
the feet of the dogs. No one attempted to help him.
The brutes did their best to worry him, butting their
muzzles at him. There was a quick dance of their
lithe grey-figured bodies, over the clumsy prostrate
figure. The sailors forward shouted, as though
it was admirable sport. Montgomery g&ve an
angry exclamation, and went striding down the
deck, and I followed him. The black-faced man
scrambled up and staggered forward, going and
leaning over the bulwark by the main shrouds,
where he remained, panting and glaring over his
shoulder at the dogs. The red-haired man laughed
a satisfied laugh.

  “Look here, Captain,” said Montgomery, with
bis lisp a little accentuated, gripping the elbows
of the red-haired man, “this won’t do!”

  I stood behind Montgomery. The captain came
half round, and regarded him with the dull and
solemn eyes of a drunken man. “Wha’ won’t do?”
he said, and added, after looking sleepily into
Montgomery’s face for a minute, “Blasted Saw-
bones!”

  With a sudden movement he shook his arm free,
and after two ineffectual attempts stuck his freckled
fists into his side pockets.

  “That man’s a passenger,” said Montgomery.
“I’d advise you to keep your hands off him.”

  “Go to hell!” said the eaptain, loudly. He sud-
denly turned and staggered towards the side. “Do
what I like on my own ship,” he said.

  I think Montgomery might have left him then,
seeing the brute was drunk; but he only turned a

shade paler, and followed the captain to the bul-
warks.

  “Look you here, Captain,” he said; “that man of
mine is not to be ill-treated. He has been hazed
ever since he came aboard.”

  For a minute, alcoholic fumes kept the captain
speechless. “Blasted Sawbones!” was all he con-
sidered necessary.

  I could see that Montgomery had one of those
slow, pertinacious tempers that will warm day
after day to a white heat, and never again cool to
forgiveness; and I saw too that this quarrel had
been some time growing. “The man’s drunk,” said

I,	perhaps officiously; “you’ll do no good.”
Montgomery gave an ugly twist to his dropping
lip. “He’s always drunk. Do you think that ex-
cuses his assaulting his passengers?”

  “My ship,” began the captain, waving his hand
unsteadily towards the cages, “was a clean ship.
Look at it now!” It was certainly anything but
clean. “Crew,” continued the captain, “clean,
respectable crew.”

  “You agreed to take the beasts.”

  “I wish I’d never set eyes on your infernal island.
What the devil—want beasts for on an island like
that? Then, that man of yours—understood he was
a man. He’s a lunatic; and he hadn’t no business
aft. Do you think the whole damned ship belongs
to you?”

  ‘Tour sailors began to haze the poor devil as
soon as he came aboard.”

  “That’s just what he is—he’s a devil! an ugly*
devil! My men can’t stand him. I can’t stand him.
None of us can’s stand him. Nor you either!”
Montgomery turned away. “You leave that man
alone, anyhow,” he said, nodding his head as he
spoke.

  But the captain meant to quarrel now. He raised
his voice. “If he comes this end of the ship again
I’ll cut his insides out, I tell you. Cut out his
blasted insides! Who are you, to tell me what I’m
to do? I tell you I’m captain of this ship,—captain
and owner. I’m the law here, I tell you,—the law
and the prophets. I bargained to take a man and
his attendant to and from Arica, and bring back
some animals. I never bargained to carry a mad
devil and a silly Sawbones, a—”

  Well, never mind what he called Montgomery. I
saw the latter take a step forward, and interposed.
“He’s drunk,” said I. The captain began some
abuse even fouler that the last. “Shut up!” I said,
turning on him sharply, for I had seen danger in
Montgomery’s white face. With that I brought the
downpour on myself.

  However, I was glad to avert what was uncom-
monly near a scuffle, even at the price of the
captain’s drunken ill-will. I do not think I have
ever heard quite so much vile language come in a
continuous stream from any man’s Kps before,
though I have frequented eccentric company enough.
I found some of it hard to endure, though I am a
mild-tempered man; but, certainly, when I told the
captain to “shut up” I had forgotten that I was
merely a bit of human flotsam, cut off from my
resources and with my fare unpaid; a mere casual
dependant on the bounty, or speculative enterprise,
of the ship. He reminded me of it with consider-
able vigour; but at any rate I prevented a fight.
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

641

CHAPTER IV.

At the Schooner’s Rail

TIAT night land was sighted after sundown,
and the schooner hove to. Montgomery inti-
mated that was his destination. It was too
far to see any details; it seemed to me then simply
a low-lying batch of dim blue in the uncertain blue-
grey sea. An almost vertical streak of smoke went
up from it into the sky. The captain was not on deck
when it was sighted. After he had vented his wrath
on me he had staggered below, and I understand he
went to sleep on the floor of his own cabin. The
mate practically assumed the command. He was the
gaunt, taciturn individual we had seen at the wheel.
Apparently he was in an evil temper with Mont-
gomery. He took not the slightest notice of either
of us. We dined with him in a sulky silence, after
a few ineffectual efforts on my part to talk. It
struck me too that the men regarded my companion
and his animals in a singularly unfriendly man-
ner. I found Montgomery very reticent about his
purpose with these creatures, and about his des-
tination; and though I was sensible of a growing
curiosity as to both, I did not press him.

  We remained talking on the quarter deck until
the sky was thick with stars. Except for an occa-
sional sound in the yellow-lit forecastle and a move-
ment of the animals now and then, the night was
very still. The puma lay crouched together, watch-
ing us with shining eyes, a black heap in the corner
of its cage. Montgomery produced some cigars.
He talked to me of London in a tone of half-painful
reminiscence, asking all kinds of questions about
changes that had taken place. He spoke like a man
who had loved his life there, and had been suddenly
and irrevocably cut off from it. I gossiped as well
as I could of this and that. All the time the strange-
ness of him was shaping itself in my mind; and as
I talked I pgered at his odd, pallid face in the dim
light of the binnacle lantern behind me. Then I
looked out at the darkling sea, where in the dim-
ness his little island was hidden.

  This man, it seemed to me, had come out of Im-
mensity merely to save my life. To-morrow he
would drop over the side, and vanish again out of
my existence. Even had it been under common-
place circumstances, it would have made me a trifle
thoughtful; but in the first place was the singularity
of an educated man living on this unknown little
island, and coupled with that the extraordinary na-
ture of his luggage. I found myself repeating the
captain’s question, What did he want with the
beasts? Why, too, had he pretended they were not
his when I had remarked about them at first? Then,
again, in his personal attendant there was a bizarre
quality which had impressed me profoundly. These
circumstances threw a haze of mystery round the
man. They laid hold of my imagination, and ham-
pered my tongue.

  Towards midnight our talk of London died away,
and we stood side by side leaning over the bul-
warks and staring dreamily over the silent, starlit
sea, each pursuing his own thoughts. It was the
atmosphere for sentiment, and I began upon my
gratitude.

  "If I may say it,” said I, after a time, "you have
saved my life.”

  “Chance,” he answered. “Just chance.”

  “I prefer to make my thanks to the accessible
agent.”

  “Thank no one. You had the need, and I had the
knowledge; and I injected and fed you much as I
might have collected a specimen. I was bored, and
wanted something to do. If I’d been jaded that day,
or hadn’t liked your face, well—it’s a curious ques-
tion where you would have been now!”

  This damped my mood a little. “At any rate,” I
began.

   “It’s a chance, I tell you,” he interrupted,—“as
everything is in a man’s life. Only the asses won’t
see it! ^ Why am I here now, an outcast from civili-
sation, instead of being a happy man enjoying all the
pleasures of London? Simply because eleven years
ago—I lost my head for ten minutes on a foggy,
night.”

  He stopped. “Yes?” said I.

“That’s all.”

  We relapsed into silence. Presently he laughed.
“There’s something in this starlight that loosens
one’s tongue. I’m an gss, and yet somehow I would
like to tell you.”

  ‘"Whatever you tell me, you may rely upon my
keeping to myself—if that’s it.”

   He was on the point of beginning, and then shook
his head, doubtfully.

   “Don’t,” said I. “It is all the same to me. After*
all, it is better to keep your secret. There’s noth-
ing gained but a little relief if I respect your con-
fidence. If I don’t—well?”

  He grunted undecidedly. I felt I had him at a
disadvantage, had caught him in the mood of in-
discretion; and to tell the truth I was not curious
to learn what might have driven a young medical
student out of London. I have an imagination. I
shrugged my shoulders and turned away. Over the
taffrail leant a silent black figure, watching the
stars. It was Montgomery’s strange attendant. It
looked over its shoulder quickly with my movement,
then looked away again.

   It may seem a little thing to you, perhaps, but it
came like a sudden blow to me. The only light
near us was a lantern at the wheel. The creature’s
face was turned for one brief instant out of the
dimness of the stern towards this illumination, and
I saw that the eyes that glanced at me shone with a
pale-green light. I did not know then that a red-
dish luminosity, at least, is not uncommon in hu-
man^ eyes. The thing came to me as stark inhu-
manity. That black figure with its eyes of fire
struck down through all my adult thoughts and feel-
ings, and for a moment the forgotten horrors of
childhood came back to ray mind. Then the effect
passed as it had come. An uncouth black figure
of a man, a figure of no particular import, hung over
the taffrail against the starlight, and I found Mont-
gomery was speaking to me.

   “I’m thinking of turning in, then,” said he, “if
you’ve had enough of this.”

  I answered him incongruously. We went below,
and he wished me good-night at the door of my
cabin.

  That night I had some very unpleasant dreams.
The waning moon rose late. Its light struck a
ghostly white beam across my cabin, and made an
ominous shape on the planking by my bunk. Then
642

AMAZING STORIES

the staghounds woke, and began howling and bay-
ing; so that I dreamt fitfully, and scarcely slept until
the approach of dawn.

CHAPTER V.

The Man Who Had Nowhere to Go

IN the early morning (it was the second morn-
ing after my recovery, and I believe the fourth
after I was picked up), I awoke through an
avenue of tumultuous dreams,—dreams of guns and
howling mobs,—and became sensible of a hoarse
shouting above me. I rubbed my eyes and lay lis-
tening to the noise, doubtful for a little while of my
whereabouts. Then came a sudden pattering of bare
feet, the sound of heavy objects being thrown about,
a violent creaking and the rattling of chains. I
heard the swish of the water as the ship was sud-
denly brought round, and a foamy yellow-green
wave flew across the little round window and left
it streaming. I jumped into my clothes and went
on deck.

   As I came up the ladder I saw against the flushed
sky—for the sun was just rising—the broad back
and red hair of the captain, and over his shoulder
the puma spinning from a tackle rigged on to the
mizzen spanker-boom.

  The poor brute seemed horribly scared, and
crouched in the bottom of its little cage.

  '‘Overboard with ’em!” bawled the captain.
“Ovei'board with ’em! We’ll have a clean ship soon
of the whole bilin’ of ’em.”

  He stood in my way, so that I had perforce to
tap his shoulder to come on deck. He came round
with a start, and staggered back a few paces to
stare at me. It needed no expert eye to tell that
the man was still drunk.

  “Hullo!” said he, stupidly; and then with a
light coming into his eyes, “Why, it’s Mister—?
Mister?”

   “Prendick,” said I.

  “Prendick be damned!” said he. “Shut-up,^
that’s your name. Mister Shut-up.”

  It was no good answering the brute; but I cer-
tainly did not expect his next move. He held out
his hand to the gangway by which Montgomery
stood talking to a massive grey-haired man in
dirty-blue flannels, who had apparently just come
aboard.

  “That way, Mister Blasted Shut-up! that way!’
roared the captain.

  Montgomery and his companion turned as he
spoke.

  “What do you mean?” I said.

  “That way, Mister Blasted Shut-up,—that’s what
I mean! Overboard, Mister Shut-up,—and sharp!
We’re cleaning the ship out,—cleaning the whole
blessed ship out; and overboard you go!”

   I stared at him dumbfounded. Then it occurred to
me that it was exactly the thing I wanted. The
lost prospect of a journey as sole passenger with
this quarrelsome sot was not one to mourn over.
I turned towards Montgomery.

  “Can’t have you,” said Montgomery’s companion,
concisely.

  “You can’t have me!” said I, aghast. He had the
squarest and most resolute face I ever set eyes
upon.

  “Look here,” I began, turning to the captain.

  “Overboard!” said the captain. “This ship aint
for beasts and cannibals and worse than beasts,
any more. Overboard you go, Mister Shut-up. If
they can't have you, you goes overboard. But, any-
how, you go—with your friends. I’ve done with
this blessed island for evermore, amen! I've had
enough of it.

  “But Montgomery,” I appealed.

  He distorted his lower lip, and nodded his head
hopelessly at the grey-haired man beside him, to
indicate his powerlessness to help me.

  “I’ll see to you, presently,” said the captain.

  Then began a curious three-cornered altercation.
Alternately I appealed to one and another of the
three men,—first to the grey-haired man to let me
land, and then to the drunken captain to keep me
aboard. I even bawled entreaties to the sailors.
Montgomery said never a word, only shook his head.
“You’re going overboard, I tell you,” was the cap-
tain’s refrain. “Law be damned! I’m king here.”
At last I must confess my voice suddenly broke in
the middle of a vigorous threat. I felt a gust of
hysterica! petulance, and went aft and stared dis-
mally at nothing.

  Meanwhile the sailors progressed rapidly with the
task of unshipping the packages and caged animals.
A large launch, with two standing lugs, lay under
the lea of the schooner; and into this the strange
assortment of goods were swung. I did not then
see the hands from the island that were receiving
the packages, for the hull of the launch was hid-
den from me by the side of the schooner. Neither
Montgomery nor his companion took the slightest
notice of me, but busied themselves in assisting and
directing the four or five sailors who were unload-
ing the goods. The captain went forward interfer-
ing rather than assisting. I was alternately
despairful and desperate. Once or twice as I
stood waiting there for things to accomplish them-
selves, I could not resist an impulse to laugh at my
miserable quandry. I felt all the wretcheder for the
lack of a breakfast. Hunger and a lack of blood-
corpuscles take all the manhood from a man. I
perceived pretty clearly that I had not the stamina
either to resist what the captain chose to do to ex-
pel me, or to force myself upon Montgomery and his
companion. So I waited passively upon fate; and
the work of transferring Montgomery’s possessions
to the launch went on as if I did not exist.

  Presently that work was finished, and then came
a struggle. I was hauled, resisting weakly enough,
to the gangway. Even then I noticed the oddness
of the brown faces of the men who were with Mont-
gomery in the launch; but the launch was now
fully laden, and was shoved off hastily. A broaden-
ing gap of green water appeared under me, and I
pushed back with all my strength to avoid falling
headlong. The hands in the launch shouted deris-
ively, and I heard Montgomery curse at them; and
then the captain, the mate, and one of the seamen
helping him, ran me aft towards the stern.

  The dingey of the “Lady Vain” had been towing
behind; it was half full of water, had no oars, and
was quite unvictualled. I refused to go aboard her,
and flung myself full length on the deck. In the
end, they swung me into her by a rope (for they
had no stern ladder), and then they cut me adrift.
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU	643

I drifted slowly from the schooner. In a kind of
stupor I watched all hands take to the rigging, and
slowly but surely she came round to the wind; the
sails fluttered, and then bellied out as the wind
came into them. I stared at her weather-beaten side
heeling steeply towards me; and then she passed
out of my range of view.

   I did not turn my head to follow her. At first I
 could scarcely believe what had happened. I
 crouched in the bottom of the dingey, stunned, and
 staring blankly at the vacant, oily sea. Then I
 realized that I was in that little hell of mine again,
 now half swamped; and looking back over the gun-
 wale, I saw the schooner standing away from me,
 with the red-haired captain mocking at me over the
 taffrail, and turning towards the island saw the
 launch growing smaller as she aproached the
 beach.

   Abruptly the cruelty of this desertion became clear'
 to me. I had no means of reaching the land unless
 I should chance to drift there. I was still weak,
 you must remember, from my exposure in the boat;

I was empty and very faint, or I should have had
more heart. But as it was I suddenly began to sob
and weep, as I had never done since I was a little
child. The tears ran down my face' In a passion
of despair I struck with my fists at the water in the
bottom of the boat, and kicked savagely at the
gunwale. I prayed aloud for God to let me die.

CHAPTER VI.

The Evil-Looking Boatmen

BUT the islanders, seeing that I was really
adrift, took pity on me. I drifted very slowly
to the eastward, approaching the island slant-
ingly; and presently I saw, with hysterical relief,
the launch come round and return towards me. She
was heavily laden, and I could make out as she drew
nearer Montgomery’s white-haired, broad-shouldered
companion sitting cramped up with the dogs and
several packing-cases in the stern sheets. This in-
dividual stared fixedly at me without moving or
speaking. The black-faced cripple was glaring at
me as fixedly in the bows near the puma. There
were three other men besides,—three strange brut-
ish-looking fellows, at whom the staghounds were
snarling savagely. Montgomery, who was steering,
brought the boat by me, and rising, caught and
fastened my painter to the tiller to tow me, for
there was no room aboard.

   I had recovered from my hysterical phase by this
 time, and answered his hail, as he approached,
 bravely enough. I told him the dingey was nearly
 swamped, and he reached me a piggin. I was jerked
 back as the rope tightened between the boats. For
 some time I was busy baling.

  It was not until I had got the water under (for
the water in the dingey had been shipped; the boat
was perfectly sound) that I had leisure to look at
the people in the launch again.

   The white-haired man I found was still regarding
 me steadfastly, but with an expression as I now
 fancied, of some perplexity. When my eyes met
 his, he looked down at the staghound that sat be-
 tween his knees. He was a powerfully-built man,
 as I have said, with a fine forehead and rather heavy
 features; but his eyes had that odd drooping of

the skin above the lids which often comes with
advancing years, and the fall of his heavy mouth
at the corners gave him an expression of pugnacious
resolution. He talked to Montgomery in a tone too
low for me to hear.

   From him my eyes travelled to his three men;
and a strange crew they were. I saw only their
faces, yet there was something in their faces — I
knew not what—that gave me a queer spasm "of
disgust. I looked steadily at them, and the im-
pression did not pass, though I failed to see what
had occasioned it. They seemed to me then to be
brown men; but their limbs were oddly swathed in
3ome thin, dirty, white stuff down even to the fin-
gers and feet: I have never seen men so wrapped
up before, and women so only in the East. They
wore turbans too, and thereunder peered out their
elfin faces at me,—faces with protruding lower-jaws
and bright eyes. They had lank black hair, almost
like horsehair, and seemed as they sat to exceed
in stature any race of men I have seen. The white-
haired man, who I knew was a good six feet in
height, sat a head below any one of the three. I
found afterwards that really none were taller than
myself; but their bodies were abnormally long, and
the thigh-part of the leg short and curiously twisted.
At any rate, they were an amazingly ugly gang, and
over the heads of them under the forward lug peered
the black face of the man whose eyes were luminous
in the dark. As I stared at them, they met my gaze;
and then first one and then another turned away
from my direct stare, and looked at me in an odd.
furtive manner. It occurred to me that I was per-
haps annoying them, and I turned my attention to
the island we were approaching.

   It was low, and covered with thick vegetation,—?
 chiefly a kind of palm, that was new to me. From
 one point a thin white thread of vapour rose slant-
 ingly to an immense height, and then frayed out
 like a down feather. We were now within the em-
 brace of a broad bay flanked on either hand by a
 low promontory. The beach was of dull-grey sand,
 and sloped steeply up to a ridge, perhaps sixty or
 seventy feet above the sea-level, and irregularly set
 with trees and undergrowth. Half way up was a
 square enclosure of some greyish stone, which I
 found subsequently was built partly of coral and
 partly of pumiceous lava. Two thatched roofs
 peeped from within this enclosure. A man stood
 awaiting us at the water’s edge. I fancied while
 we were still far off that I saw some other and very
 grotesque-looking creatures scuttle into the bushes
 upon the slope; but I saw nothing of these as we
 drew nearer. This man was of a moderate size, and
 with a black negroid face. He had a large, almost
 lipless, mouth, extraordinary lank arms, long thin
 feet, and bow-legs, and stood with his heavy face
 thrust forward staring at us. He was dressed like
 Montgomery and his white-haired companion, in jac-
 ket and trousers of blue serge. As we came still
 nearer, this individual began to run to and fro on
 the beach, making the most grotesque movements.

   At a word of command from Montgomery, the four
men in the launch sprang up, and with singularly
awkward gestures struck the lugs. Montgomery
steered us round and into a narrow little dock ex-
cavated in the beach. Then the man on the beach
hastened towards us. This dock, as I call it, was
644	AMAZING

 really a mere ditch just long enough at this phase of
 tide to take the longboat. I heard the bows ground
 in the sand, staved the dingey off the rudder of
 the big boat with my piggin, and freeing the
 painter, landed. The three muffled men, with the
 clumiest movements, scrambled out upon the sand,
 and forthwith set to landing the cargo, assisted by
 the man on the beach. I was struck especially by
 the curious movements of the legs of the three
 swathed and bandaged boatmen, — not stiff they
 were, but distorted in some odd way, almost as if
 they were jointed in the wrong place. The dogs
 were still snarling, and strained at their chains
 after these men, as the white-haired man landed
 with them. The three big fellows spoke to one
 another in odd guttural tones, and the man who had
 waited for us on the beach began chattering to them
 excitedly—a foreign language, as I fancied—as they
 laid hands on some bales piled near the stern.
 Somewhere I had heard such a voice before, and I
 could not think where. The white-haired man stood,
 holding in a tumult of six dogs, and bawling orders
 over their din. Montgomery, having unshipped the
 rudder, landed likewise, and all set to work at un-
 loading. I was too faint, what with my long fast
 and the sun beating down on my bare head, to offer
 any assistance.

   Presently the white-haired man seemed to recol-
lect my presence, and came up to me.

   “You look,” said he, “as though you had scarcely
 breakfasted.” His little eyes were a brilliant "black
 under his heavy brows. “I must apologize for that.
 Now you are our guest, we must make you comfort-
 able,—though you are uninvited, you know.” He
 looked keenly into my face. “Montgomery says you
 are an educated man, Mr. Prendick; says you know
 something of science. May I ask what that sig-

nifies?”	, ^ ,

   I told him I had spent some years at the Royal
College of Science, and had done some researches
in biology under Huxley. He raised his eyebrows
slightly at that.

   “That alters the case a little, Mr. Prendick, ^he
 said, with a trifle more respect in his manner. “As
 it happens, we are biologists here. This is a biologi-
 cal station—of a sort.” His eye rested on the men
 in white who were busily hauling the puma, on rol-
 lers, towards the walled yard. “I and Montgomery,
 at least,” he added. Then, “When you will be able
 to get away, I can’t say. We’re off the track to
 anywhere. We see a ship once in a twelve-month
 or so.”

   He left me abruptly, and went up the beach past
this group, and I think entered the enclosure. The
other two men were with Montgomery, erecting a
pile of smaller packages on a low-wheeled truck.
The llama was still on the launch with the rabbit
hutches; the staghounds were still lashed to the
thwarts. The pile of things completed, all three
men laid hold of the truck and began shoving the
ton-weight or so upon it after the puma. Presently
Montgomery left them, and coming back to me held
out his hand.

   “I’m glad,” said he, “for my own part. That cap-
 tain was a silly ass. He’d have made things lively

for you.”	.

   “It was you,” said I, “that saved me again.

   “That depends. You’ll find this island an infer-

STORIES

nally rum plaee, I promise you. I’d watch my go-
ings carefully, if I were you. He—” He hesi-
tated, and seemed to alter his mind about what was
on his lips. "I wish you’d help me with these rab-
bits,” he said.

   His procedure with the rabbits was singular. I
waded in with him, and helped him lug one of the
hutches ashore. No sooner was that done than he
opened the door of it, and tilting the thing on one
end turned its living contents out on the ground.
They fell in a struggling heap one on the top of the
other. He clapped his hads, and forthwith they went
off with that hopping run of theirs, fifteen or
twenty of them I should think, up the beach.

   “Increase and multiply, my friends,” said Mont-
 gomery. “Replenish the island. Hitherto we’ve
 had a certain lack of meat here.”

   As I watched them disappearing, the white-haired
 man returned with a brandy-flask and some biscuits.
 “Something to go on with, Prendick,” said he, in a
 far more familiar tone than before. I made no ado,
 but set to work on the biscuits at once, while the
 white-haired man helped Montgomery to release
 about a score more of the rabbits. Three big
 hutches, however, went up to the house with the
 puma. The brandy I did not touch, for I have been
 an abstainer from my birth.

CHAPTER VII.

“The Locked Door”

THE reader will perhaps understand that at
first everything was so strange about me, and
my position was the outcome of such unex-
pected adventures, that I had no discernment of the
relative strangeness of this or that thing. I fol-
lowed the llama up the beach, and was overtaken by
Montgomery, who asked me not to enter the stone
enclosure. I noticed then that the puma in its cage
and the pile of packages had been placed outside the
entrance to this quadrangle.

   I turned and saw that the launch had now been
unloaded, run out again, and was being beached, and
the white-haired man was walking towards us. He
addressed Montgomery.

   “And now comes the problem of this uninvited
guest. What are we to do with him?”

   “He knows something of science,” said Mont-
gomery.

   “I’m itching to get to work again—with this new
 stuff,” said the white-haired man, nodding towards
 the enclosure. His eyes grew brighter.

   “I daresay you are,” said Montgomery, in any-
thing but a cordial tone.

   “We can’t send him over there, and we can’t
spare the time to build him a new shanty; and we
certainly can’t take him into our confidence just
yet.”

   “I’m in your hands,” said I. I had no idea of what
 he meant by “over there.”

   “I’ve been thinking of the same things,” Mont-
gomery answered. “There’s my room with the'
outer door—■”

   “That's it,” said the elder man, promptly, look-
 ing at Montgomery; and all three of us went to-
 wards the enclosure. “I'm sorry to make a mys-
 tery, Mr. Prendick; but you’ll remember you’re
 uninvited. Our little establishment here contains
[THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

645

 a secret or so, is a kind of Blue-Beard’s chamber, in
 fact. Nothing very dreadful, really, to a sane man;
 but just now, as we don’t know you—”

  “Decidedly,” said I, “I should be a fool to take
offence at any want of confidence.”

  He twisted his heavy mouth into a faint smile,—
he was one of those saturnine people who smile
with the corners of the mouth down,—and bowed
his acknowledgment of my complaisance. The main
entrance to the enclosure we passed; it was a heavy
wooden gate, framed in iron and locked, with the
cargo of the launch piled outside it, and at the cor-
ner we came to a small doorway I had not previously
observed. The white-haired man produced a bundle
of keys from the pocket of his greasy blue jacket,
opened this door, and entered. His keys, and the
elaborate locking-up of the place even while it was
still under his eye, struck me as peculiar. I fol-
lowed him, and found myself in a small apartment,
plainly but not uncomfortably furnished, and with
its inner door, which was slightly ajar, opening into
a paved courtyard. This inner door Montgomery at
once closed. A hammock was slung across the
darker corner of the room, and a small unglazed win-
dow defended by an iron bar looked out towards
the sea.

  This the white-haired man told me was to be my
apartment; and the inner door, which “for fear of
accidents,” he said, he would lock on the other side,
was my limit inward. He called my attention to
a convenient deck-chair before the window, and to an
array of old books,—chiefly, I found, surgical works
and editions of the Latin and Greek classics (lan-
guages I cannot read with any comfort), on a shelf
near the hammock. He left the room by the outer
door, as if to avoid opening the inner one again.

  “We usually have our meals in here,” said Mont-
gomery, and then, as if in doubt, went out after
the other. “Moreau 1” I heard him call, and for the
moment I do not think I noticed. Then as I handled
the books on the shelf it came up in consciousness:
Where had I heard the rame of Moreau before? I
sat down before the window, took out the biscuits
that still remained to me, and ate them with an ex-
cellent appetite. Moreau 1

  Through the window I saw one of those unac-
countable men in white, lugging a packing-case along
the beach. Presently the window-frame hid him.
Then I heard a key inserted and turned in the lock
behind me. After a little while I heard through the
locked door the noise of the staghounds, that had
now been brought up from the beach. They were not
barking, but sniffing and growling in a curious fash-
ion. I could hear the rapid patter of their feet, and
Montgomery’s voice soothing them.

  I was very much impressed by the elaborate
secrecy of these two men regarding the contents of
the place, and for some time I was thinking of that
and of the unaccountable familiarity of the name
of Moreau; but so odd is the human memory that I
could not then recall that well-known name in its
proper connection. From that my thoughts went to
the indefinable queerness of the deformed man on
the beach. I never saw such a gait, such odd mo-
tions as he pulled at the box. I recalled that none
of these men had spoken to me, though most of
them I had found looking at me at one time or
another in a peculiarly furtive manner, quite un-

like the frank stare of your unsophisticated savage.
Indeed, they had all seemed remarkably taciturn,
and when they did speak, endowed with very un-
canny voices. What was wrong with them? Then
I recalled the eyes of Montgomery’s ungainly
attendant.

  Just as I was thinking of him he came in. He
was now dressed in white, and carried a little tray
with some coffee and boiled vegetables thereon. I
could hardly repress a shuddering recoil as he came,
bending amiably, and placed the tray before me on
the table. Then astonishment paralyzed me. Under
his stringy black hair I saw his ear; it jumped upon
me suddenly close to my face. The man had pointed
ears, covered with a fine brown fur!

  “Your breakfast, sair,” he said.

  I stared at his face without attempting to an-
swer him. He turned and went towards the door,
regarding me oddly over his shoulder. I followed
him out with my eyes; and as I did so, by some
odd trick of unconscious cerebration, there came
surging into my head the phrase, “The Moreau
Hollows”—was it? “The Moreau—” Ah! It sent
my memory back ten years. “The Moreau Hoi'rors!”
The phrase drifted loose in my mind for a moment,
and then I saw it in red lettering on a little buff-
coloured pamphlet, to read which made one shiver
and creep. Then I remembered distinctly all about
it. That long-forgotten pamphlet came back with
startling vividness to my mind. I had been a mere
lad then, and Moreau was, I suppose, about fifty,—
a prominent and masterful physiologist, well-knowrf
in scientific circles for his extraordinary imagina-
tion and his brutal directness in discusson.

  Was this the same Moreau? He had published
some very astonishing facts in connection with the
transfusion of blood, and in addition was known
to be doing valuable work on morbid growths. Then
suddenly his career was closed. He had to leave
England. A journalist obtained access to his labor-
atory in the capacity of laboratory-assistant, with
the deliberate intention of making sensational ex-
posures; and by the help of a shocking accident (if
it was an accident), his gruesome pamphlet became
notorious. On the day of its publication a wretched
dog, flayed and otherwise mutilated, escaped from
Moreau's house. It was in the silly season, and a
prominent editor, a cousin of the temporary labora-
tory-assistant, appealed to the conscience of the na-
tion. It was not the first time that conscience has
turned against the methods of research. The doc-
tor was simply howled out of the country. It may
be that he deserved to be; but I still think that the
tepid support of his fellow-investigators and his
desertion by the great body of scientific workers was
a shameful thing. Yet some of his experiments,
by the journalist’s account, were wantonly cruel.
He might perhaps have purchased his social peace
by abandoning his investigations; but he appar-
ently preferred the latter, as most men would who
have once fallen under the overmastering spell of
research. He was unmarried, and had indeed noth-
ing but his own interest to consider.

  I felt convinced that this must be the same man.
Everything pointed to it. It dawned upon me to
what end the puma and the other animals—which
had now been brought with other luggage into the
enclosure behind the house—were destined; and a
646

AMAZING STORIES

curious faint odour, the halitus of something famil-
iar, an odour that had been in the background of
my consciousness hitherto, suddenly came forward
into the forefront of my thoughts. It was the anti-
septic odour of the dissecting-room. I heard the
puma growling through the wall, and one of the
dogs yelped as though it had been struck.

  Yet surely, and especially to another scientific
man, there was nothing so horrible in vivisection
as to account for this secrecy; and by some odd
leap in my thoughts the pointed ears and luminous
eyes of Montgomery’s attendant came back again
before me with the sharpest definition. I stared
before me out at the green sea, frothing under a
freshening breeze, and let these and other strange
memories of the last few days chase one another
through my mind.

  What could it all mean ? A locked enclosure on a
lonely island, a notorious vivisector, and these crip-
pled and distorted men?

CHAPTER VIII.

The Crying of the Puma

MONTGOMERY interrupted my tangle of
mystification and suspicion about one
o’clock, and his grotesque attendant fol-
lowed him with a tray bearing bread, some herbs
and other eatables, a flask of whiskey, a jug of
water, and three glasses and knives. I glanced
askance at this strange creature, and found him
watching me with his queer, restless eyes. Mont-
gomery said he would lunch with me, but that'
Moreau was to preoccupied with some work to
come.

  “Moreau!” said I. “I know that name.”

  “The devil you do!” said he. “What an ass I
was to mention it to you! I might have thought.
Anyhow, it will give you an inkling of our—mys-
teries. Whiskey?”

  “No, thanks; I’m an abstainer.”

  “I wish I’d been. But it’s no use locking the door
after the steed is stolen. It was that infernal stuff
which led to my coming here,—that, and a foggy
night. I thought myself in luck at the time, when
Moreau offered to get me off. It’s queer—”

  “Montgomery,” said I, suddenly, as the outer door
closed, “why has your man pointed ears?”

  “Damn!” he said, over his first mouthful of food.
He stared at me for a moment, and then repeated,
“Pointed ears?”

  “Little points to them,” said I, as calmly as pos-
sible, with a catch in my breath; “and a fine black
fur at the edges?”

  He helped himself to whiskey and water with
great deliberation. “I was under the impression—
that his hair covered his ears.”

  “I saw them as he stooped by me to put that
coffee you sent to me on the table. And his eyes
shine in the dark.”

  By this time Montgomery had recovered from the
surprise of my question. “I always thought,” he
said deliberately, with a certain accentuation of his
flavouring of lisp, “that there was something the
matter with his ears, from the way he covered them.
What were they like?”

  I was persuaded from his manner that this ignor-
ance was a pretense. Still, I could hardly tell the

man that I thought him a liar. “Pointed,” I said;
“rather small and furry,—distinctly furry. But the
whole man is one of the strangest beings I ever set
eyes on.”

  A sharp, hoarse cry of animal pain came from the
enclosure behind us. Its depth and volume testified
to the puma. I saw Montgomery wince.

  “Yes?” he said.

  “Where did you pick up the creature ?”

  “San Francisco. He’s an ugly brute, I admit.
Half-witted, you know. Can’t remember where he
came from. But I’m used to him, you know. We
both are. How does he strike you?”

  “He’s unnatural,” I said. “There’s something
about him—don’t think me fanciful, but it gives
me a nasty little sensation, a tightening of my
muscles, when he comes near me. It’s a touch—
of the diabolical, in fact.”

  Montgomery had stopped eating while I told him
this. “Rum!” he said. “7 can’t see it.” He re-
sumed his meal. “I had no idea of it,” he said, and
masticated. “The crew of the schooner must have
felt it the same. Made a dead set at the poor devil.
You saw the captain?”

  Suddenly the puma howled again, this time more
painfully. Montgomery swore under his breath. I
had half a mind to attack him about the men on the
beach. Then the poor brute within gave vent to a
series of short, sharp cries.	i

  “Your men on the beach,” said I; “what race are
they?”

  “Excellent fellows, aren’t they?” said he, absent-
mindedly, knitting his brows as the animal yelled
out sharply.

  I said no more. There was another outcry worse
than the former. He looked at me with his dull
grey eyes, and then took some more whiskey. He
tried to draw me into a discussion about alcohol,
professing to have saved my life with it. He seemed
anxious to lay stress on the fact that I owed my life
to him. I answered him distractedly.

  Presently our meal came to an end; the misshapen
monster with the pointed ears cleared the remains
away, and Montgomery left me alone in the room
again. All the time he had been in a state of ill-
concealed irritation at the noise of the vivisected
puma. He had spoken of his odd want of nerve, and
left me to the obvious application.

  I found myself that the cries were singularly irri-
tating, and they grew in depth and intensity as the
afternoon wore on. They were painful at first, but
their constant resurgence at last altogether upset
my balance. I flung aside a crib of Horace I had
been reading, and began to clench my fists, to bite
my lips, and to pace the room. Presently I got to
stopping my ears with my fingers.

  The emotional appeal of those yells grew upon me
steadily, grew at last to such an exquisite expres-
sion of suffering that I could stand it in that con-
fined room no longer. I stepped out of the door into
the slumberous heat of the late afternoon, and walk-
ing past the main entrance—locked again, I noticed
•—turned the corner of the wall.

  The crying sounded even louder out of doors. It
was as if all the pain in the world had found a
voice. Yet had I known such pain was in the next
room, and had it been dumb, I believe — I have
thought since—I could have stood it well enough.
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

647

It is when suffering finds a voice and sets our nerves
quivering that this pity comes troubling us. But
in spite of the brilliant sunlight and the green fans
of the trees waving in the soothing sea-breeze, the
world was a confusion, blurred with drifting black
and red phantasms, until'I was out of earshot of the
house in the chequered wall.

CHAPTER IX.

The Thing in the Forest

I STRODE through the undergrowth that clothed
the ridge behind the house, scarcely heeding
whither I went; passed on through the shadow
of a thick cluster of straight-stemmed trees beyond
it, and so presently found myself some way on the
other side of the ridge, and descending towards a
streamlet that ran through '*a narrow valley. I
paused and listened. The distance I had come, or
the intervening masses of thicket, deadened any
sound that might be coming from the enclosure.
The air was still. Then with a rustle a rabbit
emerged, and went scampering up the slope before
me. I hesitated, and sat down in the edge of the
shade.

  The place was a pleasant one. The rivulet was
hidden by the luxuriant vegetation of the banks
save at one point, where I caught a triangular patch
of its glittering water. On the farther side I saw
through a bluish haze a tangle of trees and creepers,
and above these again the luminous blue of the sky.
Here and there a splash of white or crimson marked
the blooming of some trailing epiphyte. I let my
eyes wander over this scene for a while, and then
began to turn over in my mind again the strange
peculiarities of Montgomery’s man. But it was
too hot to think elaborately, and presently I fell into
a tranquil state midway between dozing and waking.

  From this I was aroused, after I know not how
long, by a rustling amidst the greenery on the other
side of the stream. For a moment I could see noth-
ing but the waving summits of the ferns and reeds.
Then suddenly upon the bank of the stream appeared
Something—at first I could not distinguish what it
was. It bowed its round head to the water, and be-
gan to drink. Then I saw it was a man, going on
all-fours like a beast. He was clothed in bluish
cloth, and was of a copper-coloured hue, with black
hair. It seemed that grotesque ugliness was an in-
variable character of these islanders. I could hear
the suck of the water at his lips as he drank.

  I leant forward to see him better, and a piece of
lava, detached by my hand, went pattering down
the slope. He looked up guiltily, and his eyes met
mine. Forthwith he scrambled to his feet, and stood
wiping his clumsy hand across his mouth and re-
garding me. His legs were scarcely half the length
of his body. So, staring one another out of coun-
tenance, we remained for perhaps the space of a
minute. Then, stopping to look back once or twice,
he slunk off among the bushes to the right of me,
and I heard the swish of the fronds grow faint in
the distance and die away. Long after he had dis-
appeared, I remained sitting up staring in the direc-
tion of his retreat. My drowsy tranquility had
gone.

  I was startled by a noise behind me, and turning
suddenly saw the flapping white tail of a rabbit

vanishing up the slope. I jumped to my feet. The
apparition of this grotesque, half-bestial creature
had suddenly populated the stillness of the afternoon
for me. I looked around me rather nervously, and
regretted that I was unarmed. Then I thought
that the man I had just seen had been clothed in
bluish cloth, had not been naked as a savage would
have been; and I tried to persuade myself from
that fact that he was after all probably a peaceful
character, that the dull ferocity of his countenance
belied him.

  Yet I was greatly disturbed at the apparition.
I walked to the left along the slope, turning my
head about, and peering this way and that among
the straight stems of the trees. Why should a man
go on all-fours and drink with his lips? Presently
I heard an animal wailing again, and taking it to
be the puma, I turned about and walked in a direc-
tion diametrically opposite to the sound. This led
me down to the stream, across which I stepped and
pushed my way up through the undergrowth be-
yond.

  I was startled by a great patch of vivid scarlet
on the ground, and going up to it found it to be a
peculiar fungus, branched and corrugated like a
foliaceous lichen, but deliquescing into slime at the
touch; and then in the shadow of some luxuriant
ferns I came upon an unpleasant thing,—the dead
body of a rabbit covered with shining flies, but still
warm and with the head torn off. I stopped aghast
at the sight of the scattered blood. Here at least
was one visitor to the island disposed of! There
were no traces of other violence about it. It looked
as though it had been suddenly snatched up and
killed; and as I stared at the little furry body came
the difficulty of how the thing had been done. The
vague dread that had been in my mind since I had
seen the inhuman face of the man at the stream
grew distincter as I stood there. I began to realise
the hardihood of my expedition among these un-
known people. The thicket about me became altered
to my imagination. Every shadow became some-
thing more than a shadow,—became an ambush;
every rustle became a threat. Invisible things
seemed watching me. I resolved to go back to the
enclosure on the beach. I suddenly turned away
and thrust myself violently, possibly even franti-
cally, through the bushes, anxious to get a clear
space about me again.

  I stopped just in time to prevent myself emerging
upon an open space. It was a kind of glade in the
forest, made by a fall; seedlings were already start-
ing up to struggle for the vacant space; and beyond,
the dense growth of stems and twining vines and
splashes of fungus and flowers closed in again. Be-
fore me, squatting together upon the fungoid ruins
of a huge fallen tree and still unaware of my ap-
proach, were three grotesque human figures. One
was evidently a female; the other two were men.
They were naked, save for swathings of scarlet cloth
about the middle; and their skins were of a dull
pinkish drab colour, such as I had seen in no savages
before. They had fat, heavy, chinless faces, re-
treating foreheads, and a scant bristly hair upon
their heads. I never saw such bestial-looking crea-
tures.

  They were talking, or at least one of the men
was talking to the other two, and all three had been
648

AMAZING STORIES

too closely interested to heed the rustling of my
approach. They swayed their heads and shoulders
from side to side. The speaker’s words came thick
and sloppy, and though I could hear them distinctly
I could not distinguish what he said. He seemed to
me to be reciting some complicated gibberish. Pres-
ently his articulation became shriller, and spread-
ing his hands he rose to his feet. At that the
others began to gibber in unison, also rising to their
feet, spreading their hands and swaying their
bodies in rhythm with their chant. I noticed then
the abnormal shortness of their legs, and their lank,
clumsy feet. All three began slowly to circle round,
raising and stamping their feet and waving their
arms; a kind of tune crept into their rhythmic re-
citation, and a refrain,—“Aloola,” or “Balloola,” it
sounded like. Their eyes began to sparkle, and
their ugly faces to brighten, with an expression
of strange pleasure. Saliva dripped from their
lipless mouths.

  Suddenly, as I watched their grotesque and unac-
countable gestures, I perceived clearly for the first
time what it was that had offended me, what had
given me the two inconsistent and conflicting im-
pressions of utter strangeness and yet of the
strangest familiarity. The three creatures engaged
in this mysterious rite were human in shape, and
yet human beings with the strangest air about
them of some familiar animal. Each of these crea-
tures, despite its human form, its rag of clothing,
and the rough humanity of its bodily form, had
woven into it—into its movements, into the ex-
pression of its countenance, into its whole presence
—some now irresistible suggestion of a hog, a
swinish taint, the unmistakable mark of the beast.

  I stood overcome by this amazing realisation; and
then the most horrible questionings came rushing
into my mind. They began leaping in the air, first
one and then the other, whooping and grunting.
Then one slipped, and for a moment was on all-
fours,—to recover, indeed, forthwith. But that
transitory gleam of the true animalism of these
monsters was enough.

  I turned as noiselessly as possible, and becoming
every now and then rigid with the fear of being
discovered, as a branch cracked or a leaf rustled,
I pushed back into the bushes. It was long before
I grew bolder, and dared to move freely. My only
idea for the moment was to get away from these
foul beings, and I scarcely noticed that I had
emerged upon a faint pathway amidst the trees.
Then suddenly traversing a little glade, I saw with
an unpleasant start two clumsy legs among the
trees, walking with noiseless footsteps parallel with
my course, and perhaps thirty yards away from me.
The head and upper part of the body were hidden
by a tangle of creeper. I stopped abruptly, hoping
the creature did not see me. The feet stopped as I
did. So nervous was I that I controlled an impulse
to headlong flight with the utmost difficulty. Then
looking hard, I distinguished through the inter-
lacing network the head and body of the brute I had
seen drinking. He moved his head. There was an
emerald flash in his eyes as he glanced at me from
the shadow of the trees, a half-luminous colour that

In another moment he had vanished behind some
bushes. I could not see him, but I felt that he had
stopped and was watching me again.

  What on earth was he,—man or beast? What did
he want with me? I had no weapon, not even a
stick. Fight would be madness. At any rate the
Thing, whatever it was, lacked the courage to attack
me. Setting my teeth hard, I walked straight to-
wards him. I was anxious not to show the fear that
seemed chilling my backbone. I pushed through a
tangle of tall white-flowered bushes, and saw him
twenty paces beyond, looking over his shoulder at
me and hesitating. I advanced a step or two, look-
ing steadfastly into his eyes.

  “Who are you?” said I.

  He tried to meet my gaze. “No!" he s'aid sud-
denly, and turning went bounding away from me
through the undergrowth. Then he turned and
stared at me again. His eyes shone brightly out
of the dusk under the trees.

  My heart was in my mouth; but I felt my only
chance was bluff, and walked steadily towards him.
He turned again and vanished into the dusk. Oncei
more I thought I caught the glint of his eyes, and
that was all.

  For the first time I realised how the lateness of
the hour might affect me. The sun had set some
minutes since, the swift dusk of the tropics was al-
ready fading out of the eastern sky, and a pioneer
moth fluttered silently by my head. Unless I would
spend the night among the unknown dangers of the
mysterious forest, I must hasten back to the en-
closure. The thought of a return to that pain-
haunted refuge was extremely disagreeable, but still
more so was the idea of being overtaken in the open
by darkness and all that darkness might conceal.
I gave one more look into the blue shadows that had
swallowed up this odd creature, and then retraced
my way down the slope towards the stream, going
as I judged in the direction from which I had come.

  I walked eagerly, my mind confused with many
things, and presently found myself in a level place
among scattered trees. The colourless clearness
that comes after the sunset flush was darkling; the
blue sky above grew momentarily deeper, and the
little stars one by one pierced the attenuated light;
the interspaces of the trees, the gaps in the further
vegetation, that had been hazy blue in the daylight,
grew black and mysterious. I pushed on. The
colour vanished from the world. The tree-tops rose
against the luminous blue sky in inky silhouette,
and all below that outline melted into one formless
blackness. Presently the trees grew thinner, and
the shrubby undergrowth more abundant. Then
there was a desolate space covered with a white
sand, and then another expanse of tangled bushes.
I did not remember crossing the sand-opening be-
fore. I began to be tormented by a faint rustling
upon my right hand. I thought at first it was fancy,
for whenever I stopped there was silence, save for
the evening breeze in the tree-tops. Then when I
turned to hurry on again there was an echo to my
footsteps.

  I turned away from the thickets, keeping to the
more open ground, and endeavouring by sudden
turns now and then to surprise something in the
act of creeping upon me. I saw nothing, and never*

vanished as he turned his head again. He was
motionless for a moment, and then with a noiseless
tread began running through the green confusion- theless my sense of another presence grew steadily-
THE ISLAND OF; DR. MOREAU

m

I increased my pace, and after some time came to
a slight ridge, crossed it, and turned sharply, re-
garding it steadfastly from the further side. It
came out black and clear-cut against the darkling
sky; and presently a shapeless lump heaved up mo-
mentarily against the sky-line and vanished again.
I felt assured now that my tawny-faced antagonist
was stalking me once more; and coupled with that
was another unpleasant realisation, that I had lost
my way.

  For a time I hurried on hopelessly perplexed, and
pursued by that stealthy approach. Whatever it
was, the Thing either lacked the courage to attack
me, or it was waiting to take me at some disad-
vantage. I kept studiously to the open. At times
I would turn and listen; and presently I had half
persuaded myself that my pursuer had abandoned
the chase, or was a mere creation of my disordered
imagination. Then I heard the sound of the sea. I
quickened my footsteps almost into a run, and im-
mediately there was a stumble in my reai\

  I turned suddenly, and stared at the uncertain
trees behind me. One black shadow seemed to leap
into another. I listened, rigid, and heard nothing
but the creep of the blood in my ears. I thought
that my nerves were unstrung, and that my imagi-
nation was tricking me, and turned resolutely to-
wards the sound of the sea again.

  In a minute or so the trees grew thinner, and
I emerged upon a bare, low headland running out
into the sombre water. The night was calm and
clear, and the reflection of the growing multitude of
the stars shivered in the tranquil heaving of the
sea. Some way out, the wash upon an irregular
band of reef shone with a pallid light of its own.
Westward I saw the zodiacal light mingling with the
yellow brilliance of the evening star. The coast fell
away from me to the east, and westward it was hid-
den by the shoulder of the cape. Then I recalled the
fact that Moreau’s beach lay to the west.

  A twig snapped behind me, and there was a
rustle. I turned, and stood facing the dark trees.
I could see nothing—or else I could see too much.
Every dark form in the dimness had its ominous
quality, its peculiar suggestion of alert watchful-
ness. So I stood for perhaps a minute, and then,
with an eye to the trees still, turned westward to
cross the headland; and as I moved, one among the
lurking shadows moved to follow me.

  My heart beat quickly. Presently the broad sweep
of a bay to the westward became visible, and I
halted again. The noiseless shadow halted a dozen
yards from me. A little point of light shone on the
further bend of the curve, and the grey sweep of
the sandy beach lay faint under the starlight. Per-
haps two miles away was that little point of light.
To get to the beach I should have to go through the
trees where the shadows lurked, and down a bushy
slope.

  I could see the Thing rather more distinctly now.
It was no animal, for it stood erect. At that I
opened my mouth to speak, and found a hoarse
phlegm choked my voice. I tried again, and shouted,
“Who is there?” There was no answer. I ad-
vanced a step. The Thing did not move, only
gathered itself together. My foot struck a stone.
That gave me an idea. Without taking my eyes off

the black form before me, I stooped and picked up
this lump of rock; but at my motion the Thing
turned abruptly as a dog might have done, and slunk
obliquely into the further darkness. Then I re-
called a schoolboy expedient against big dogs, and
twisted the rock into my handkerchief, and gave
this a turn round my wrist. I heard a movement
further off among the shadows, as if the Thing was
in retreat. Then suddenly my tense excitement gave
way; I broke into a profuse perspiration and fell
a-trembling, with my adversary routed and this
weapon in my hand.

  It was some time before I could summon resolu-
tion to go down through the trees and bushes upon
the flank of the headland to the beach. At last I did
it at a run; and as I emerged from the thicket upon
the sand, I heard some other body come crashing
after me. At that I completely lost my head with
fear, and began running along the sand. Forthwith
there came the swift patter of soft feet in pursuit.
I gave a wild cry, and redoubled my pace. Some
dim, black things about three or four times the size
of rabbits went running or hopping up from the
beach towards the bushes as I passed.

  So long as I live, I shall remember the terror of
that chase. I ran near the water’s edge, and heard
every now and then the splash of the feet that
gained upon me. Far away, hopelessly far, was the
yellow light. All the night about us was black and
still. Splash, splash, came the pursuing feet, nearer
and nearer. I felt my breath going, for I was quite
out of training; if whooped as I drew it, and I felt
a pain like a knife at my side. I perceived the Thing
would come up with me long before I reached the
enclosure, and, desperate and sobbing for my breath,
I wheeled round upon it and struck at it as it came
up to me,—struck with all my strength. The stone
came out of the sling of the handkerchief as I did
so. As I turned, the Thing, which had been running
on all-fours, rose to its feet, and the missile fell fair
on its left temple. The skull rang loud, and the
animal-man blundered into me, thrust me back with
its hands, and went staggering past me to fall head-
long upon the sand with its face in the water; and
there it lay still.

  I could not bring myself to approach the black
heap. I left it there, with the water rippling round
it, under the still stars, and giving it a wide berth
pursued my way towards the yellow glow of the
house; and presently, with a positive effect of relief,
came the pitiful moaning of the puma, the sound
that had originally driven me out to explore this
mysterious island. At that, though I was faint and
horribly fatigued, I gathered together all my
strength, and began running again towards the
light. I thought I heard a voice calling me.

CHAPTER X.

The Crying of the Mari

AS I drew near the house I saw that the light
shone from the open door of my room; and
then I heard coming from out of the dark-
ness at the side of that orange oblong of light, the
voice of Montgomery shouting, “Prendick!” I con-
tinued running. Presently I heard him again. I
650

AMAZING STORIES

replied by a feehle “Hullo!” and in another moment
had staggered up to him.

  “Where have you been?” said he, holding me at
arm’s length, so that the light from the door fell
on my face. “We have both been so busy that we
forgot you until about half an hour ago.” He
led me into the room and set me down in the deck
chair. For awhile I was blinded by the light. “We
did not think you would start to explore this island
of ours with telling us,” he said; and then, “I was
afraid— But — what — Hullo!”

  My last remaining strength slipped from me, and
my head fell forward on my chest. I think he found
a certain satisfaction in giving me brandy.

  “For God’s sake,” said I, “fasten that door.”
“You’ve been meeting some of our curiosities,
eh?” said he.

  He locked the door and turned to me again. He
asked me no questions, but gave me some more
brandy and water and pressed me to eat. I was in
a state of collapse. He said something vague about
his forgetting to warn me, and asked me briefly
when I left the house and what I had seen.

  I answered him as briefly, in fragmentary sen-
tences. “Tell me what it all means,” said I, in a
state bordering on hysterics.

  “It’s nothing so very dreadful,” said he. “But
I think you have had about enough for one day.”
The puma suddenly gave a sharp yell of pain. At
that he swore under his breath. “I’m damned,”
said he, “if this place is not as bad as Gower street,
with its cats.”

  “Montgomery,” said I, “what was that thing that
came after me? Was it a beast or was it a man?”
“If you don’t sleep to-night," he said, “you’ll be
off your head to-morrow.”

  I stood up in front of him. “What was that thing
that came after me?” I asked.

  He looked me squarely in the eyes, and twisted his
mouth askew. His eyes, which had seemed animated
a minute before, went dull. “From your account,”
said he, “I’m thinking it was a bogle.”

  I felt a gust of intense irritation, which passed
as quickly as it came. I flung myself into the chair
again, and pressed my hands on my forehead. The
puma began once more.

  Montgomery came round behind me and put his
hand on my shoulder. “Look here, Prendick,” he
said, “I had no business to let you drift out into
this silly island of ours. But it’s Hot so bad as
you feel, man. Your nerves are worked to rags.
Let me give you something that will make you
sleep. That—will keep on for hours yet. You must
simply get to sleep, or I won’t answer for it.”

  I did not reply. I bowed forward, and covered
my face with my hands. Presently he returned with
a small measure containing a dark liquid. This he
gave me. I took it unresistingly, and he helped me
into the hammock.

  When I awoke, it was broad day. For a little
while I lay flat, staring at the roof above me. The
rafters, I observed, were made out of the timbers
of a ship. Then I turned my head, and saw a meal
prepared for me on the table. I perceived that I
was hungry, and prepared to clamber out of the
hammock, which, very politely anticipating my in-

tention, twisted round and deposited me upon all-
fours on the floor.

  I got up and sat down before the food. I had a
heavy feeling in my head, and only the vaguest
memory at first of the things that had happened
over night. The morning breeze blew very pleas-
antly through the unglazed window, and that and
the food contributed to the sense of animal comfort
which I experienced. Presently the door behind me
■—the door inward towards the yard of the enclosure
—opened. I turned and saw Montgomery’s face.

  “All right,” said he. “I’m frightfully busy.” And
he shut the door.

  Afterwards I discovered that he forgot to "re-
lock it. Then I recalled the expression of his face
the previous night, and with that the memory of
all I had experienced reconstructed itself before
me. Even as that fear came back to me came a
cry from within; but this time it was not the cry
of a puma. I put down the mouthful that hesitated
upon my lips, and listened. Silence, save for the
whisper of the morning breeze. I began to think
my ears had deceived me.

  After a long pause I resumed my meal, but with
my ears still vigilant. Presently I heard some-
thing else, very faint and low. I sat as if frozen
in my attitude. Though it was faint and low, it
moved me more profoundly than all that I had
hitherto heard of the abominations behind the
wall. There was no mistake this time in the
quality of the dim, broken sounds; no doubt at all
of their source. For it was groaning, broken by
sobs and gasps of anguish. It was no brute this
time; it was a human being in torment!

  As I realised this I rose, and in three steps had
crossed the rooms, seized the handle of the door
into the yard, and flung it open before me.

  “Prendick, man! Stop!” cried Montgomery,
intervening.

  A startled deerhound yelped and snarled. There
was blood, I saw, in the sink,—brown, and some
scarlet,—and I smelt the peculiar smell of carbolic
acid. Then through an open doorway beyond, in
the dim light of the shadow, I saw something
bound painfully upon a framework, scarred, red,
and bandaged; and then blotting this out appeared
the face of old Moreau, white and terrible. In a
moment he had gripped me by the shoulder with a
hand that was smeared red, had twisted me off my
feet, and flung me headlong back into my own room.
He lifted me as though I was a little child. I fell
at full length upon the floor, and the door slammed
and shut out the passionate intensity of his face.
Then I heard the key turn in the lock, and Mont-
gomery’s voice in expostulation.

  “Ruin the work of a lifetime,” I heard Moreau
say.

  “He does not understand,” said Montgomery,
and other things that were inaudible.

  “I can’t spare the time yet,” said Moreau.

  The rest I did not hear. I picked myself up and
stood trembling, my mind a chaos of the most
horrible misgivings. Could it be possible, I
thought, that such a thing as the vivisection of
men was carried on here? The question shot like
lightning across a tumultuous sky; and suddenly
the clouded horror of my mind condensed into a
vivid realisation of my own danger.
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

651

CHAPTER XI

The Hunting of the Man

IT came before my mind with an unreasonable
hope of escape that the outer door of my room
was still open to me. I was convinced now,
absolutely assured, that Moreau had been vivisect-
ing a human being. All the time since I had heard
his name, I had been trying to link in my mind in
some way the grotesque animalism of the islanders
with his abominations; and now I thought I saw
it all. The memory of his work on the transfusion
of blood recurred to me. These creatures I had
seen were the victims of some hideous experi-
ment. These sickening scoundrels had merely in-
tended to keep me back, to fool me with their dis-
play of confidence, and presently to fall upon me
with a fate more horrible than death,—with tor-
ture; and after torture the most hideous degrada-
tion it was possible to conceive,—to send me ofi: a
lost soul, a beast, to the rest of their Comus rout.

  J looked round for some weapon. Nothing. Then
with an inspiration I turned over the deck chair,
put my foot on the side of it, and tore away the
side rail. It happened that a nail came away with
the wood, and projecting, gave a touch of danger
to an otherwise petty weapon. I heard a step out-
side, and incontinently flung open the door and
found Montgomery within a yard of it. He meant
to lock the outer door! I raised this nailed stick
of mine and cut at his face; but he sprang back.
I hesitated a moment, then turned and fled round
the corner of the house. “Prendick, man!” I
heard his astonished cry, “don’t be a silly ass, man J”

  Another minute, thought I, and he would have
had me locked in, and as ready as a hospital rabbit
for my fate. He emerged behind the corner, for I
heard him shout, “Prendick!” Then he began to
run after me, shouting things as he ran. This
time running blindly, I went northeastward in a
direction at right angles to my previous expedition.
Once, as I went running headlong up the beach,
I glanced over my shoulder and saw his attendant
with him. I ran furiously up the slope, over it,
then turning eastward along a rocky valley fringed
on either side with jungle I ran for perhaps a
mile altogether, my chest straining, my heart beat-
ing in my ears; and then hearing nothing of Mont-
gomery or his man, and feeling upon the verge of
exhaustion, I doubled sharply back towards the
beach as I judged, and lay down in the shelter of
a canebrake. There I remained for a long time, too
fearful to move, and indeed too fearful even to
plan a course of action. The wild scene about me
lay sleeping silently under the sun, and the only
sound near me was the thin hum of some small
gnats that had discovered me. Presently I became
aware of a drowsy breathing sound, the soughing
of the sea upon the beach.

  After about an hour I heard Montgomery shout-
ing my name, far away to the north. That set me
thinking of my plan of action. As I interpreted it
then, this island was inhabited only by these two
vivisectors and their animalised victims. Some of
these no doubt they could press into their service
against me if need arose. I knew both Moreau and
Montgomery carried revolvers; and, save for a'

feeble bar of deal spiked with a small nail, the
merest mockery of a mace, I was unarmed.

   So I lay still, until I began to think of food and
drink; and at that thought the real hopelessness of
my position came home to me. I knew no way of
getting anything to eat. I was too ignorant of
botany to discover any resort of root or fruit that
might lie about me; I had no means of trapping the
few rabbits upon the island. It grew blanker the
more I turned the prospect over. At last in the
desperation of my position, my mind turned to the
animal men I had encountered. I tried to find some
hope in what I remembered of them. In turn I
recalled each one I had seen, and tried to draw
some augury of assistance from my memory.

  Then suddenly I heard a stag-hound bay, and at
that realised a new danger. I took little time to
think, or they would have caught me then, but
snatching up my nailed stick, rushed headlong from
my hiding-place towards the sound of the sea. I
remember a growth of thorny plants, with spines
that stabbed like pen-knives. I emerged bleeding
and with torn clothes upon the lip of a long creek
opening northward. I went straight into the water
without a minute’s hesitation, wading up the creek,
and presently finding myself knee-deep in a little
stream. I scrambled out at last on the westward
bank, and with my heart beating loudly in my ears,
crept into a tangle of ferns to await the issue. I
heard the dog (there was only one) draw nearer,
and yelp when it came to the thorns. Then I heard
no more, and presently began to think I had escaped.

  The minutes passed; the silence lengthened out,
and at last after an hour of security my courage
began to return to me. By this time I was no longer
very much terrified or very miserable. I had, as
it were, passed the limit of terror and despair. I
felt now that my life was practcically lost, and that
persuasion made me capable of daring anything. I
had even a certain wish to encounter Moreau face
to face; and as I had waded into the water, I
remembered that if I were too hard pressed at
least one path of escape from torment still lay open
to me,—they could not very well prevent my drown-
ing myself. I had half a mind to drown myself
then; but an odd wish to see the whole adventure
out, a queer, impersonal, spectacular interest in
myself, restrained me. I stretched my limbs, sore
and painful from the pricks of the spiny plants, and
stared around me at the trees; and, so suddenly that
it seemed to jump out of the green tracery about it,
my eyes lit upon a black face watching me. I saw
that it was the simian creature who had met the
launch upon the beach. He was clinging to the
oblique stem of a palm-tree. I gripped my stick,
and stood up facing him. He began chattering.
“You, you, you,” was all I could distinguish at first.
Suddenly he dropped from the tree, and in another
moment was holding the fronds apart and staring
curiously at me.

  I did not feel the same repugnance towards this
creature which I had experienced in my encounters
with the other Beast Men. “You, he said, “in the
boat.” He was a man, then,—-at least as much of
a man as Montgomery’s attendant,—for he could
talk.

  “Yes,” I said, “I came in the boat. From the
ship.”
652

AMAZING STORIES

  “Oh!” he said, and his bright, restless eyes
travelled over me, to my hands, to the stick I
carried, to my feet, to the tattered places in my
coat, and the cuts and scratches I had received
from the thorns. He seemed puzzled at something.
His eyes came back to my hands. He held his
own hand out and counted his digits slowly, “One
two, three, four, five—eigh?”

  I did not grasp his meaning then; afterwards I
was to find that a great proportion of these Beast
People had malformed hands, lacking sometimes
even three digits. But guessing this was in some
way a greeting, I did the same thing by way of
reply. He grinned with immense satisfaction.
Then his swift roving glance went round again; he
made a swift movement—and vanished. The fern
fronds he had stood between came swishing together.

  I pushed out of the brake after him, and was
astonished to find him swinging cheerfully by one
lank arm from a rope of creeper that looped down
from the foliage overhead. His back was to me.

   “Hullo!” said I.

  He came down with a twisting jump, and stood
facing me.

  “I say,” said I, “where can I get something to
eat?”

  “Eat!” he said. “Eat Man’s food, now.” And
his eye went back to the swing of ropes. “At the
huts/'

  “But where are the huts?”

  “Oh!”

  “I'm new, you know.”

  At that he swung round, and set-off at a quick
walk. All his motions were curiously rapid. “Come
along,” said he.

  I went with him to see the adventure out. I
guessed the huts were some rough shelter where
he and some more of these Beast People lived. I
might perhaps find them friendly, find some handle
in their minds to take hold of. I did not know
how far they had forgotten their human heritage.

  My ape-like companion trotted along by my side,
with his hands hanging down and his jaw thrust
forward. I wondered what memory he might have
in him. “How long have you been on this island?”
paid I.

  “How long?” he asked; and after having the
question repeated, he held up three fingers.

  The creature was little better than an idiot I
tried to make out what he meant by that, and it
seems I bored him. After another question or
two he suddenly left my side and went leaping at
some fruit that hung from a tree. He pulled down
a handful of prickly husks and went on eating the
contents. I noted this with satisfaction, for here
at least was a hint for feeding. I tried him with
some other questions, but his chattering, prompt
responses were as often as not quite at cross pur-
poses with my question. Some few were appro-
priate, others quite parrot-like.

  I was so intent upon these peculiarities that I
scarcely noticed the path we followed. Presently
we came to trees, all charred and brown, and so to
a bare place covered with a yellow-white incrusta-
tion, across which a drifting smoke, pungent in
whiffs to nose and eyes, went drifting. On our
right, over a shoulder of bare rock, I saw the level
blue of the sea. The path coiled down abruptly into

a narrow ravine between two tumbled and knotty
masses of blackish scori®. Into this we plunged.

  It was extremely dark, this passage, after the
blinding sunlinght reflected from the sulphurous
ground. Its walls grew steep, and approached each
other. Blotches of green and crimson drifted across
my eyes. My conductor stopped suddenly. “Home!”
said he, and I stood on a floor of a chasm that was
at first absolutely dark to me. I heard some strange
noises, and thrust the knuckles of my left hand
into my eyes. I beeame aware of a disagreeable
odor, like that of a monkey’s cage ill-cleaned. Be-
yond, the rock opened again upon a gradual slope
of sunlit greenery, and on either hand the light
smote down through narrow ways into the central
gloom.

CHAPTER XII.

The Sayers of the Law

THEN something cold touched my hand. I
started violently, and saw close to me a dim
pinkish thing, looking more like a flayed
child than anything else in the world. The crea-
ture had exactly the mild but repulsive features of
a sloth, the same low forehead and slow gestures.

   As the first shock of the change of light passed,
I saw about me more distintly. The little sloth-
like creature was standing and staring at me. My
conductor had vanished. The place was a narrow
passage between high walls of lava, a crack in the
knotted rock, and on either side interwoven heaps
of sea-mat, palmfans, and reeds leaning against
rock formed rough and impenetrably dark dens.
The winding way up the ravine between these was
scarcely three yards wide, and was disfigured by
lumps of decaying fruit-pulp and other refuse,
which accounted for the disagreeable stench of the
place.

   The little pink sloth-creature was still blinking
at me when my Ape-man reappeared at the aper-
ture of the nearest of these dens, and beckoned me
in. As he did so, a slouching monster wriggled out
of one of the places, further up this strange street,
and stood up in featureless silhouette against the
bright green beyond, staring at me. I hesitated,
having half a mind to bolt the way I had come; and
then, determined to go through with the adventure,
I gripped my nailed stick about the middle and
crawled into the little evil-smelling lean-to after
my conductor.

  It was a semi-circular space, shaped like the
half of a bee-hive; and against the rocky wall that
formed the inner side of it was a pile of variegated
fruits, cocoa-nuts among others. Some rough
vessels of lava and wood stood about the floor, and
one on a rough stool. There was no fire. In the
darkest corner of the hut sat a shapeless mass of
darkness that grunted “Hey!” as I came in, and my
Ape-man stood in the dim light of the doorway and
held out a split cocoa-nut to me as I crawled into
the other corner and squatted down. I took it,
and began gnawing it, as serenely as possible, in
spite of a certain trepidation and the nearly intoler-
able closeness of the den. The little pink sloth-
creature stood in the aperture of the hut, and some-
thing else with a drab face and bright eyes cam©
staring over its shoulder.
THE ISLAND OF DR'. MOREAU

653

  “Hey!” came out of the lump of mystery opposite.
“It is a man.”

  “It is a man,” gabbled my conductor,—“a man,
a man, a five-man, like me.”

  “Shut up!” said the voice from the dark, and
grunted. I gnawed my cocoa-nut amid an impres-
sive stillness.

  I peered hard into the blackness, but could dis-
tinguish nothing.

  “It is a man,” the voice repeated. “He comes to
live with us?”

  It was a thick voice, with something in it—a kind
of whistling overtone—that struck me as peculiar;
but the English accent was strangely good.

  The Ape-man looked at me as though he expected
something. I perceived the pause was interrogative.
“He comes to live with you," I said.

  “It is a man. He must learn the Law.”

  I began to distinguish now a deeper blackness
in the black, a vague outline of a hunched-up figure.
Then I noticed the opening of the place was dark-
ened by two more black heads. My hand tightened
on my stick.

  The thing in the dark repeated in a louder tone,
“Say the words.” I had missed its last remark.
“Not to go on all-fours; that is the Law,” it repeated
in a kind of sing-song.

  I was puzzled.

  “Say the words,” said the Ape-man, repeating,
and the figures in the doorway echoed this, with a
threat in the tone of their voices.

  I realised that I had to repeat this idiotic form-
ula; and then began the insanest ceremony. The
voice in the dark began intoning a mad litany, line
by line, and I and the rest to repeat it. As they
did so, they swayed from side to side in the oddest
way, and beat their hands upon their knees; and I
followed their example. I could have imagined I was
already dead and in another world. The dark hut,
these grotesque dim figures, just flecked here and
there by a glimmer of light, and all of them sway-
ing in unison and chanting.

  “Not to go on all-fours; that is the Law. Are
we not Men?

  “Not to suck up Drink; that is the Law. Are
we not Men?

  “Not to eat Fish or Flesh; that is the Law. Are
we not Men?

  “Not to claw the Bark of Trees; that is the Law.
Are we not Men?

  “Not to chase other Men; that is the Law. Are
we not Men ?”

  And so from the prohibition of these acts of folly,
on to the prohibition of what I thought then
were the maddest, most impossible, and most in-
decent things one could well imagine. A kind of
rhythmic fervour fell on all of us; we gabbled and
swayed faster and faster, repeating this amazing
Law. Superficially the contagion of these brutes
was upon me, but deep down within me the laughter
and disgust struggled together. We ran through
a long list of prohibitions, and then the chant swung
round to a new formula.

  “His is the House of Pain.

  “His is the Hand that makes.

  "His is the Hand that wounds.

  “His is the Hand that heals.”

  And so on for another long series, mostly quite
incomprehensible gibberish to me about Him, who-
ever he might be. I could have fancied it was a
dream, but never before have I heard chanting in a
dream.

  “His is the lightning flash,” we sang. “His is
the deep, salt sea.”

  A horrible fancy came Into my head that Moreau,
after animalising these men, had infected their
dwarfed brains with a kind of deification of him-
self. However, I was too keenly aware of white
teeth and strong claws about me to stop my chant-
ing on that account.

  “His are the stars in the sky.”

  At last that song ended. I saw the Ape-man’s
face shining with perspiration; and my eyes being
now accustomed to the darkness, I saw more dis-
tinctly the figure in the corner from which the
voice came. It was the size of a man, but it
seemed covered with a dull grey hair almost like
a Skye-terrier. What was it? What were they
all? Imagine yourself surrounded by all the most
horrible cripples and maniacs it is possible to con-
ceive, and you may understand a little of my feel-
ings with these grotesque caricatures of humanity
about me.

  “He is a five-man, a five-man, a five-man—like
me,” said the Ape-man.

  I held out my hands. The grey creature in the
corner leant forward.

  “Not to run on all-fours; that is the Law. Are we
not Men?” he said.

  He put out a strangely distorted talon and grip-
ped my fingers. The thing was almost like the
hoof of a deer produced into claws. I could have
yelled with surprise and pain. His face came for-
ward and peered at my nails, came forward into
the light of the opemng of the hut; and I saw with
quivering disgust that it was like the face of neither
man nor beast, but a mere shock of grey hair, with
three shadowy over-archings to mark the eyes and
mouth.

  “He has little nails,” said this grisly creature in
his hairy beard. “It is well.”

  He threw my hand down, and instinctively I
gripped my stick.

  “Eat roots and herbs; it is His will,” said the
Ape-man.

  “I am the Sayer of the Law,” said the grey figure.
“Here come all that be new to learn the Law. I
sit in the darkness and say the Law.”

  “It is even so,” said one of the beasts in the door-
way.

  “Evil are the punishments of those who break the
Law. None escape.”

  “None escape,” said the Beast Folk, glancing
furtively at one another.

  “None, none,” said the Ape-man,—“none escape.
See! I did a little thing, a wrong thing, once. I
jabbered, jabbered, stopped talking. None could
understand. I am burnt, branded in the hand. He
is great. He is good!”

  “None escape,” said the grey creature in the
corner.

  “None escape,” said the Beast People, looking
askance at one another.
654

AMAZING STORIES

  “For every one the want that is bad,” said the
grey Sayer of the Law. “What you will want we
do not know; we shall know. Some want to
follow things that move, to watch and slink and
wait and spring; to kill and bite, bite deep and
rich, sucking the blood. It is bad. Not to chase
other Men; that is the Law. Are we not Men?
Not to eat Flesh or Fish; that is the Law. Are we
not Men?'”

  “None escape,” said a dappled brute standing in
the doorway.

  “For every one the want is bad,” said the grey
Sayer of the Law. “Some want to go tearing with
teeth and hands into the roots of things, snuffing
into the earth. It is bad.”

  “None escape,” said the men in the door.

  “Some go clawing trees; some go scratching at
the graves of the dead; some go fighting with fore-
heads or feet or claws; some bite suddenly, none
giving occasion; some love uncleanness.”

  “None escape,” said the Ape-man, scratching his
calf.

  “None escape," said the little pink sloth-creature.

  “Punishment is sharp and sure. Therefore learn
the Law. Say the words.”

  And incontinently he began again the strange
litany of the Law, and again I and all these creatures
began singing and swaying. My head reeled with
this jabbering and the close stench of the place;
but I kept on, trusting to find presently some chance
of a new development.

  “Not to go on all-fours; that is the Law. Are we
not Menf”

  We were making such a noise that I noticed noth-
ing of a tumult outside, until some one, who I
think was one of the two Swine Men I had seen,
thrust his head over the little pink sloth-creature
and shouted something excitedly, something that I
did not catch. Incontinently those at the opening
of the hut vanished; my Ape-man rushed out; the
thing that had sat in the dark followed him (I only
observed that it was big and clumsy, and covered
with silvery hair), and I was left alone. Then
before I reached the aperture I heard the yelp of a
staghound.

  In another moment I was standing outside the
hovel, my chair-rail in my hand, every muscle of
me quivering. Before me were the clumsy backs
of perhaps a score of these Beast People, their
misshapen heads half hidden by their shoulder-
blades. They were gesticulating excitedly. Other
half-animal faces glared interrogation out of the
hovels. Looking in the direction in which they
faced, I saw coming through the haze under the
trees beyond the end of the passage of dens the
dark figure and awful white face of Moreau. He
was holding the leaping staghound back, and close
behind him came Montgomery revolver in hand.

  For a moment I stood horror-struck. I turned
and saw the passage behind me blocked by another
heavy brute, with a huge grey face and twinkling
little eyes, advancing towards me. I looked round
and saw to the right of me and a half-dozen yards
in front of me a narrow gap in the wall of rock
through which a ray of light slanted into the shad-
dows.

  “Stop!” cried Moreau as I strode towards this,
and then, “Hold him!”

  At that, first one face turned towards me and then
others. Their bestial minds were happily slow.
I dashed my shoulders into a clumsy monster who
was turning to see what Moreau meant, and flung
him forward into another. I felt his hands fly
round, clutching at me and missing me. The little
pink sloth-creature dashed at me, and I gashed down
its ugly face with the nail in my stick, and in an-
other minute was scrambling up a steep side path-
way, a kind of sloping chimney, out of the ravine.
I heard a howl behind me, and cries of “Catch him!”
“Hold him!” and the grey-faced creature appeared
behind me and jammed his huge bulk into the cleft.
“Go on! go on!” they howled. I clambered up the
narrow cleft in the rock and came out upon the
sulphur on the westward side of the village of the
Beast Men.

  That gap was altogether fortunate for me, for the
narrow chimney, slanting obliquely upward, must
have impeded the nearer pursuers. I ran over the
white space and down a steep slope, through a
scattered growth of trees, and came to a low-lying
stretch of tall reeds, through which I pushed into
a dark, thick undergrowth that was black and
succulent under foot. As I plunged into the reeds,
my foremost pursuers emerged from the gap. I
broke my way through this undergrowth for some
minutes. The air behind me and about me was soon
full of threatening cries. I heard the tumult of my
pursuers in the gap up the slope, then the crash-
ing of the reeds, and every now and then the
crackling crash of a branch. Some of the creatures
roared like excited beasts of prey. The staghound
yelped to the leffc. I heard Moreau and Montgomery
shouting in the same direction. I turned sharply
to the right. It seemed to me even then that I
heard Montgomery shouting for me to run for my
life.

  Presently the ground gave rich and oozy under
my feet; but I was desperate and went headlong
into it, struggled through knee-deep, and so came
to a winding path among tall canes. The noise of
my pursuers passed away to my left. In one place
three strange, pink, hopping animals, about the
size of cats, bolted before my footsteps. This path-
way ran up-hill, across another open space covered
with white incrustation, and plunged into a cane-
brake again. Then suddenly it turned parallel with
the edge of a steep-walled gap, which came without
warning, like the ha-ha of an English park,—turned
with an unexpected abruptness. I was still running
with all my might, and I never saw this drop until
I was flying headlong through the air.

  I fell on my forearms and head, among thorns,
and rose with a torn ear and bleeding face. I had
fallen into a precipitous ravine, rocky and thorny,
full of hazy mist which drifted about me in wisps,
and with a narrow streamlet from which this mist
came meandering down the centre. I was astonished
at this thin fog in the full blaze of daylight; but
I had no time to stand wondering then. I turned
to my right, down-stream, hoping to come to the
sea in that direction, and so have my way open to
drown myself. It was only later I found that I had
dropped my nailed stick in my fall.

  Presently the ravine grew narrower for a space,
and carelessly I stepped into the stream. I jumped
out again pretty quiekly, for the water was almost
THE ISLAND OF DR. MOREAU

655

boiling. I noticed too there was a thin sulphurous
scum drifting upon its coiling water. Almost im-
mediately came a turn in the ravine, and the in-
distinct blue horizon. The nearer sea was flashing
the sun from a myriad facets. I saw my death be-
fore me; but I was hot and panting, with the warm
blood oozing out on my face and running pleasantly
through my veins. I felt more than a touch of
exultation too, at having distanced my pursuers. It
was not in me then to go out and drown myself yet.
I started back the way I had come.

  I listened. Save for the hum of the gnats and the
chirp of some small insects that hopped among the
thorns, the air was absolutely still. Then came
the yelp of a dog, very faint, and a chattering and
gibbering, the snap of a whip, and voices. They
grew louder, then fainter again. The noise receded
up the stream and faded away. For a while the
chase was over; but I knew now how much hope
of help for me lay in the Beast People.

CHAPTER XIII.

A Parley

I TURNED again and went on down towards
the sea. I found the hot stream broadened
out to a shallow, weedy sand, in which an
abundance of crabs and long-bodied, many-legged
creatures started from my footfall. I walked to
the very edge of the salt water, and then I felt I
was safe. I turned and stared, arms akimbo, at the
thick green behind me, into which the steamy ravine
cut like a smoking gash. But, as I say, I was too
full of excitement and (a true saying, though those
who have never known danger may doubt it) too
desperate to die.

  Then it came into my head that there was one
chance before me yet. While Moreau and Mont-
gomery and their bestial rabble chased me through
the island, might I not go round the beach until I
came to their enclosure,—make a flank march upon
them, in fact, and then with a rock lugged out of
their loosely-built wall, perhaps, smash in the lock
of the smaller door and see what I could find (knife,
pistol, or what not) to fight them with when they
returned ? It was at any rate something to try.

  So I turned to the westward and walked along by
the water’s edge. The setting sun flashed his
blinding heat into my eyes. The slight Pacific tide
was running in with a gentle ripple. Presently the
shore fell away southward, and the sun came round
upon my right hand. Then suddenly, far in front
of me, I saw first one and then several figures
emerging from the bushes,—Moreau, with his grey
staghound, then Montgomery, and two others. At
that I stopped.

  They saw me, and began gesticulating and ad-
vancing. I stood watching them approach. The
two Beast Men came running forward to cut me
off from the undergrowth, inland. Montgomery
came, running also, but straight towards me. Mor- '
eau followed slower with the dog.

  At last I roused myself from my inaction, and
turning seaward walked straight into the water.
The water was very shallow at first. I was thirty
yards out before the waves reached to my waist.
Dimly I could see the intertidal creatures darting
away from my feet.

   "What are you doing, man?” cried Montgomery.

   I turned, standing waist deep, and stared at them.
 Montgomery stood panting at the margin of the
 water. His face was bright-red with exertion, his
 long flaxen hair blown about his head, and his drop-
 ping nether lip showed his irregular teeth. Moreau
 was just coming up, his face pale and firm, and
 the dog at his hand barked at me. Both men had
 heavy whips. Farther up the beach stared the
 Beast Men.

  “What am I doing? I am going to drown my-
self,” said I.

  Montgomery and Moreau looked at each other.
“Why?” asked Moreau.

   “Because that is better than being tortured by
you.”

   “I told you so,” said Montgomery, and Moreau
said something in a low tone.

   “What makes you th.ink I shall torture you?”
asked Moreau.

   “What I saw,” I said. “And those—yonder.”

   “Hush!” said Moreau, and held up his hand.

  “I will not,” said I. “They were men: what
are they now? I at least will not be like them.”

   I looked past my interlocutors. Up the beach'
were M’ling, Montgomery’s attendant, and one of
the white-swathed brutes from the boat. Farther
up, in the shadow of the trees, I saw my little Ape-
man, and behind him some other dim figures.

   “Who are these creatures?” said I, pointing to
them and raising my voice more and more that it
might reach them. “They were men, men like
yo.urselves, whom you have infected with some
bestial taint,—men whom you have enslaved, and
whom you still fear. You who listen,” I cried, point-
ing now to Moreau and shouting past him to the
Beast Men,—“You who listen! Do you not see
these men still fear you, go in dread of you ? Why,
then, do you fear them ? You are many—”

   “For God’s sake,” cried Montgomery, “stop that,
 Prendick!”

   “Prendick!” cried Moreau.

   They both shouted together, as if to drown my
voice; and behind them lowered the staring faces
of the Beast Men, wondering, their deformed hands
hanging down, their shoulders hunched up. They
seemed, as I fancied, to be trying to understand
me, to remember, I thought, something of their
human past.

   I went on shouting, I scarcely remember what,
—that Moreau and Montgomery could be killed, that
they were not to be feared: that was the burden
of what I put into the heads of the Beast People.
I saw the green-eyed man in the dark rags, who
had met me on the evening of my arrival, come out
from among the trees, and others followed him,
to hear me better. At last for want of breath I
paused.

   “Listen to me for a moment,” said the steady
voice of Moreau; “and then say what you will.”

. “Well?” said I.

  He coughed, thought, then shouted: “Latin,
Prendick! bad Latin, schoolboy Latin; but try and
understand. Hi non sunt homines; sunt animalia
qui nos habemus—vivisected, A humanising pro-
cess. I will explain. Come ashore.”

I laughed. “A pretty story,” said I. “They
(Continued on page 671)
 BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

. . » fthen ho perceived the futility of struggling further, he lay quietly. ... Stevens replaced the disrupted tube with a new one, and
the horrendous screech that arose as he closed the circuit seemed almost to have something human in its terrible protest.
BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

657

I.

A Difficult Placc to Get Into

S he expecting you?” asked the hack driv-
er hopefully, extending a gnarled hand
for the bag of the elderly newcomer who
had just alighted from the late afternoon
__train.

  “Not exactly,” Mason informed him, relinquishing
the bag. “I just wrote I’d 'drop in on him’ one of
these days, and receiving no answer to that, I sup-
posed it would be all right for me to come on. Why?
What is it?” noting the driver’s air of disappoint-
ment.

  “We can’t do business then, I guess, Mister.
Leastwise, ’twouldn’t be right for me to drive you
up there and then have to bring you right back; now
would it?”

  Mason eyed the shabby old fellow of the delicate
scruples with surprise,

  “Do you mean to tell me I can’t get in unless I’m
expected ?”

  The driver nodded. “Not after dark you can’t,
Mister. It’d be that by the time we covered the four
mile’ to his place.” He jerked a thumb in the direc-
tion of the crow-bait standing dejectedly between
the shafts of an ancient vehicle. “The old gray mare,
she ain’t what she used to be,” he apologized.

  “You’re right,” agreed Mason, glancing at the
horse. “She’s no descendant of Pegasus, to judge by
externals. Well— what am I to do then, if you’re so
positive there’s no use going up there tonight?
Where shall I stay? There’s no sense taking the next
train out, that is, supposing there is one before
morning.”

  The driver appraised him swiftly. “Well, now,
Mister, you coidd stop up to The Travelers’ Hotel for
the night, and travel on up in the morning. How’d
that suit you? Hotel’s a mile in the other direction.”

  Mason shrugged his shoulders resignedly, “ ‘Needs
must, when the devil drives’—Oh! I beg your par-
don! I meant nothing personal,” he amended, at the
driver’s laugh. “All right, then. The Hotel it shall
be.”

  He climbed into the hack agilely enough for one
of his apparent years, and settled into the seat next
the driver’s, while the latter untied the looped reins
from around the stock of the whin, resting in its
socket, slapped them up and down, and clucked to
the mare.

  “Are you a native
here?” asked Mason, as
they backed away from
the station and lurched
into the road.

 “I be’n born and
brought up here, Mister,”
responded the driver, glad
of an opportunity to while
away the trip ahead.

  “Then you probably
know Doctor Santurn?”

onto ten year’ ago. Beats all how he keeps to him-
self. Folks do say though-” he stopped appre-
hensively.

  “Go on!” said Mason encouragingly. “You won’t
offend me. If its the truth, then that’s that; and if
it’s a lie, I’ll get him to nail it when I see him to-
morrow.”

  “Well—where’d his menagerie come from?”
blurted out the driver, turning half around toward
his seat mate.

  “Menagerie! Do you mean to say he has one?”

  “Yes! An’ a ’quarium too!” declared the driver
emphatically. “He had the cages and tanks built
apart from the house ’fore ever he moved in. An’
the funny part of it is—where’d the animals come
from? An’ the fish? We never did see even one
crate come in by way of the railroad station, nor
anything that looked like a cage loaded on motor
trucks neither. ’Course, there’s be’n two or three
of us be’n inside the gates on business—repairs an’
sich, quite a while ago, an’ they saw plenty. An’
now’n then there’s city visitors like yourself; but
they never bring nothin’ but small boxes or a hand-
bag. Once in a while, come to think of it, there’s
heavy machinery comes by freight; but folks t’other
side of The Plateau say there never was a load of
critters brought in that way neither.”

  Mason frowned. “What’s the difference how they
arrived? They probably came by night in covered
motor trucks. Don’t you know the Doctor i3 a
world-famous biologist? He knows more about
animals and what makes them tick than the next
best half dozen put together. Get on with you,
man! Are you trying to build a mystery around
him?”

  “No, no, Mister!” protested the driver. “There’s
funny doin’s goes on in those buildings of his’n up
there 011 The Plateau. An’ he never shows himself
a tall. He just sends his Jap man down with a little
car for mail and supplies, an’ keeps to himself
year in an’ year out, ’cept for three 01* four men
’round the place. There! We’re nearing the Hotel.
’Nother half mile or so an’ we’ll be there. Whoa!”
drawing on the reins. “Hear that?”

  “Music? Faint music?” asked Mason.

  “Giddap! Yes, Mister. Something like music.
Ruther it’s radio noises from a tremendous big horn
on the roof of the Doctor’s tower. We kin hear it
just at this point when the breeze’s like ’tis now.

Funny! Sometimes 11

 'T'HIS new author whom we now introduce lo our read-
 ers, has written ml only a dramatic, but a tremend-
 ously gripping story, that will hold your interest from be-
 ginning to cud. Modern science is woven all through it,
 and the end comes as dramatic as a sudden thunderclap’.
 Here we see a scientist gone drunk with power, until at
 the climax of his achievement he acclaims himself to be
 Cod. But read and sec what happens!

N

 Mysterious Sounds—A Secret Menagerie

 0 sir! I can’t say I do—nor does anyone
 else ’round about. He’s been a mystery
 here senee he built, up on the Plateau, nigh

sounds like a giant cricket,
’n’ then again it sounds
like a ‘Katydid’ or a tree
toad. The sound carries
most as fur’s a locomo-
tive whistle.”

  Driver and passenger
completed the ride in sil-
ence, each immersed in
thought.

  “Well, here we are,
Mister!” said the driver as Mason climbed down
and paid his fare. “Do you want I should call for
you in the morning?”

  “Do you want a ‘peek’ at the place?” smiled
Mason. “Very well; make it nine o’clock. Good
night!” He turned and entered the small frame
658

AMAZING STORIES

building that boasted the title of Hotel, and was
heartily received by the rustic proprietor.

  “Sure, now, Mr.-Mason” (glancing at the an-
cient register in which the newcomer had inscribed
his name) “I’ll be glad to put you up for the night.
I’ll show you to your room so’s you can freshen up
a bit, and when you come down there’ll be a snack
of supper on the table for you.”

What the Local Inn-Keeper Said

IT was rather cool and gusty outdoors, for early
summer, and the dark and rutty roadways lack-
ed appeal for an after supper stroll for Mason
who contented himself with sitting in the “parlor”
with his host. He recounted what the driver had
told him.

  “’S truth!” said the innkeeper earnestly to his
solitary guest. “Ben warn’t lying. You try an’ get
in on The Plateau after dark, an’ you’ll look down
the mean end of a sawed-off shotgun. There’s a
night-watchman at the gate, an’ the wall’s high
an’ studded with broken glass. The watchman
won't listen to no talk whatsoever. An’ while you’re
turnin’ around preparin’ to come back, you’ll may-
be hear some funny noises from beyond the wall.”
“Pardon my asking," interrupted Mason, “but
does the Doctor owe anything in the village?”

  “No.”

  “Anybody miss anything?”

  “Not so’s I’ve heard,” said the innkeeper.
“Anybody disappear without a trace?” ironically.
“I see what you’re gettin’ at, Mr. Mason. Sort
of a polite way of askin’ why don’t we mind our
business if he does no harm? There’s not much to
do in these parts, though, ’cept to speculate on other
folks’ business. An’ I do admit the Doctor’s fair
game for the curious.”

  “Fair enough,” admitted Mason. “I haven’t seen
him in years myself; but from what I know, he
likes seclusion and doesn’t care for a strange audi-
ence, particularly when he’s performing some ex-
periment.”

   “ ’Tain’t vivisection.” ventured the host.

  “How do you know?”

  “The cages get fuller, ’stead of emptier, an’ the
critters ain’t breedin’ ’cause there’s only one of
each. Carpenter knows. He was up there a month
ago to reinforce a cage, an’ he says a big monkey
a’most grabbed him ’tween the bars.”

  The evening waned rapidly as the innkeeper de-
tailed the petty gossip of the village centering on the
“doings” that occurred up on The Plateau; and when
Mason climbed gratefully into the huge four-poster
with its generous patchquilt, shortly before eleven,
he lay wondering what the morrow held in store.
Despite his deprecations and attempts to dispel the
air of mystery with which the Hotel proprietor had
invested the Doctor, some of the village’s supersti-
tion attached itself to him and disturbed his sleep.

Getting Into the “Blasphemers’ Plateau”

AFTER a leisurely breakfast, Mason settled
his account, bade the innkeeper adieu, and
climbed, for the second time, to his seat in
Old Ben’s hack, which the garrulous driver had
brought around on time.

  Jog-jog, talk-talk, jogJjog. Then the labored
breathing of the old horse as she hauled her bur-
den along the stiff upgrade. The scrunch of wheels
overriding the edges of the ruts; the clop-clop of
hoofs on the level stretches; the cool, fresh breezes
of early summer—all these various little sounds
combined in a pleasant, unobtrusive symphony that
lulled the tired senses of the elderly passenger, and
soothed him into a state of peaceful, care-free, rever-
ent happiness.

  Beyond lay The Plateau, a flattened knoll of some
five acres in expanse, toward which the road wound
in tortured undulations between other and lesser
knolls. As they neared their destination, driver
and passenger became aware of a high stone wall
completely surrounding the estate on The Plateau;
and when they had approached closely to the en-
trance gate, they saw that the top of the wall itself
was prickly with broken glass set in cement.

  The main port of entry appeared to be a tall, iron
door set flush in the wall, and Ben sought the bell
affixed to the wall next to it. He pressed the button,
and then drew back a trifle nervously, and stood
abreast with Mason, who waited to be admitted.

  Almost at once a small wicket, head high, was
drawn back from within, and a stolid face with
heavy lidded eyes appeared in the opening and
regarded them passively.

  “Well?” challenged the watchman belligerently,
“What’s your business?”

  “I’d like to see the Doctor,” said Mason, passing
his card through the wicket. “Take him my card,
please.”

  "Wait!” said the guard, and closed the wicket in
the door.

  “See!” whispered Ben triumphantly. “'What did
I tell you? At night you’d get no answer a’tall,
’less you tried to get over the wall, ’n’ then the
answer’d be buckshot most likely.”

  There was the sound as of an iron bolt with-
drawn, and the heavy door swung inward.

  “Come in!” said the guard, taking Mason’s bag.
“The Doctor’ll see you at once!” And to Ben, who
would have followed, “NoI You can’t come in! See
the sign ‘Private’?” He closed the door in the face
of the disappointed hackman.

  The residence was set back at some little distance
within the gate, and as Mason traversed the gravel
path to it with his guide, he glanced with interest
about the enclosure. By now, a thousand questions
had Sprung to mind, elicited by his unusual recep-
tion, by that forbidding wall and medieval gate, by
the strange-looking buildings just beyond the resi-
dence, and by the house itself, drab and repellent in
the bright sunshine of the summer morning.

  He followed the guard up a short flight of four
steps, and then, at a gesture from the man, pre-
ceded him through the vestibule, and stopped on
perceiving the subject of his visit.

A Good Reception From Dr. Santarti

ON the threshold of a low-raftered sitting
room, which was sumptuously furnished
around a principal color motif of mahogany,
stood Doctor Santurn, with hand extended.

“Gary!” he exclaimed delightedly, hurrying for-
BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

ward to shake Mason’s hand and pat him on the
shoulder. “You’re more welcome than I can say.
.When did you arrive?”

   “Last night,” said Mason dryly. “But they told
me-”

   “Enough I” cried the Doctor contritely. “Hoist by
 my own petard! This red tape with which I am
 forced to surround myself seems to have snared
 me badly if it deprived me of your company last
 night. Of all the people I’ve longed to see! How
 much time have you?” he broke off.

   “All there is,” declared Mason leisurely. “My
last book is now on the presses, and I’m at ‘loose
ends’ for a while.” He regarded his old friend
closely.

   “I’m just 'sizing you up,’ ” he said, “to see what
 ravages the years have wrought.”

   “And you find—?” asked the Doctor.

   Few. You’re still slight. You always were
more ethereal than physical, I recall. Those spec-
tacle lenses are just a trifle thicker—a natural
thing for a bookworm. Same amount of hair,
nearer white than gray,” patting his own thinned
out crop ruefully, “and the same old world-defying
twirl to those distinctive moustaches of yours. On
the whole, I should say the years have treated you
kindly.”

   “And you, too,” rejoined the Doctor. “I’m more
overjoyed every second, that you can make a long
visit with me. I’ll have you settled all ship-shape
and proper in short order.”

   He picked up a felt hammer and smote a huge
gong with the mallet, the mellow, booming note
instantly summoning a bland and imperturbable
Japanese.

   “Suki,” said the Doctor, “you will prepare the
south bedchamber for Mr. Mason and make him so
comfortable that he won’t want to leave in a hurry.
Take his bag up now.”

   A mirthless smile appeared and disappeared so
quickly on Suki’s face that Mason almost doubted
he had seen it.

   “If you can withstand the pressure of your curi-
 osity,” said the Doctor, “save your questions until
 later, until you orientate yourself. I suppose you’d
 like to make the rounds with me?”

   “Surely!” said Mason. “Is that the library be-
yond?”

   “You scent books as unerringly as a setter its
quarry,” smiled the Doctor. “Very well. First the
library.” He drew Mason to the door at the far end
of the sitting room.

   “Here are some thousands of volumes,” said the
Doctor, “and every one earns its keep. Your own
archaeology series has its own niche of honor, and
is exempt from the rules for a book’s admission
here.”

   “Rules?” asked Mason, puzzled.

   “Certainly. We have no room for any hut books
of science here, and new books, at that. As soon
as a new volume comes out that supersedes or dis-
proves an old one, out goes the old! With one other

exception-Ah! You’ve come to it!” as Mason,

■who had been browsing at random among the for-
midable array of tomes stopped before a section in
the far corner of the room.

   “Why, what’s this, Oliver?” cried Mason in as-
tonishment. “Books on religion! The ‘Koran,’
‘Holy Bible,’ ‘Oriental and Occidental Beliefs,’ ‘Su-
perstitions,’ ‘Agnosticism,’ ‘Bhuddistic Philosophy.’
I m quite astounded! I had no idea that you were so
interested in theology and religion generally.”
Doctor Santurn’s eyes gleamed oddly behind the
shielding lenses of his heavy spectacles.

   So much so, Gary, that all my work revolves
about my personal beliefs. I am attempting to
throw new light on Immortality and the Resurrec-
tion via the laboratory route.”

Going Through the Laboratory and Meeting the
Assistants

MASON was conscious of a twinge of fear for
his old friend’s sanity, and scrutinized his
face closely, hopefully seeking the clue to
some jest; but finding the Doctor in serious mood,
he forced himself to speak casually.

   “What luck, Oliver?” he asked
“Some,” confessed the Doctor. “Considerable.
In fact, almost more than you will be able to as-
similate or credit for some time. But enough of this
mysticism! We can return here later. Come with
me, if you will, and acclimate yourself to the atmos-
phere up here on The Plateau.”

   He led the way through a short hallway, passing
 the foot of a staircase which ran to the upper floor.
 ^ “Living quarters are upstairs,” he explained.
 “The kitchen is back here, to one. side, where Suki
 reigns unmolested. The main laboratory is in the
 rear extension on the other side. We’ll leave that
 until this evening. Just now let us visit the indi-
 vidual workshops.”

   They left the house by the front way, following
 the gravel path around the side and to the rear, to
 the first of three squat, gray buildings. This one
 was surmounted by a cylindrical brick tower, fully
 thirty feet in height, and this, in turn, was topped
 by a sixty-foot mast, carefully braced, and guyed
 to cement blocks set in the ground itself on either
 side of the edifice. A similar mast rose from the
 ground a hundred feet away, and between the two
 depended the strands of a cage type of radio an-
 tenna.

    “This is the electro-physical laboratory,” explain-
 ed the Doctor, as he opened the door and led the way
 in.

   “Hello Stevens!” he said, “what are you up to
now?”

   A pleasant-faced, clean shaven man of middle age,
 with a scholarly stoop to his shoulders, rose from
 the laboratory stool on which he had been perched,
 intent on his work. He kept his hand on a knob-
 like contrivance connected with a peculiar type of
 galvanometer and some other, unfamiliar apparatus,
 and shut off a small, almost noiseless alternator,
 the armature of which continued to turn for almost
 a half minute after the circuit had been opened, so
 great had been its speed.

   Doctor Santum performed the introduction.

   “You can speak freely in front of Mr. Mason,”
he advised.

" “I am progressing rapidly,” reported Stevens,
“but I feel somehow that the plasma is contamin-
660	AMAZING

ated. The vibratory rate is lower than I expected.
There’s resistance somewhere.”

   “I’ll see that Bridges makes up a fresh supply
for you,” the Doctor assured him. He turned to
Mason. “We’re just arriving at the responsive
vibratory rate of blood plasma,” and, seeing the
archaeologist’s look of incredulity, he continued,
“No. We’re not delirious. Come along.”

   The second building was a replica of the first
laboratory, externally; but it lacked the tower and
radio mast. Doctor Santurn rapped at the door.

   “All right, Bridges?” he called. “Sometimes he
resents intrusion at a critical moment,” he explained
in an aside before the door opened.

   A bald, weazoned and swarthy individual in a
grayish smock appeared in the doorway and
glanced at their feet immediately.

   “You’re all right, Doctor; but I’ll have to get a
 pair of rubbers for this gentleman.” He acknowl-
 eged the introduction to Mason, excused himself for
 a moment, and returned at once with a heavy pair
 of rubbers. Mason put them on, wondering at the
 thick, cushiony, spring-rubber treads.

   “Unlike the other mosques,” explained the Doctor
 with a curious little laugh, “we require you to put
 on footgear before entering at this shrine of
 Bridges!”

   “Move lightly!” cautioned the little man. “Come
in!”

Description of the Work

ROWS on rows of kegs and vats lined the
walls, huge containers of chemical reagents
from which the smaller stock bottles in their
racks were evidently replenished. The glitter of
glassware, grotesquely shaped flasks and tubes, the
sheen of lacquered brass, scores of test tubes in
serried array in racks, an indefineable odor of com-
mingled gases, gave to the room the atmosphere of
a Merlin’s retreat.

   “We do things in ai wholesale way,” explained
Bridges. "We can perform almost any sort of bio-
chemical experiment here, from the infinitesimally
small to those requiring a hundredweight or more
of materials. There’s a bacterial incubator in that
corner, and a refrigerator in this—duplicates of
those in the ‘zoo.’ ”

   “Electrically controlled,” supplemented the Doc-
 tor. “Most of our heating and all our lighting
 comes on those wires strung on the poles you passed
 on the road coming up here. The town beyond sup-
 plies us with current, and keeps the meter at their
 end of our private line, so that the total current con-
 sumption is recorded there, no matter what new de-
 vices we hook on here. It keeps inspectors from
 coming up here constantly, and incidentally excludes
 them from a glimpse of affairs that do not concern
 them. Naturally, I pay well for the privacy.”

  He approached the workbench whereon reposed
the bulkiest microscope Mason had ever seen. It
rested under a glass bell on a rubber pad.

   “How far have you gotten, Bridges?” asked his
chief.

   Bridges waved a hand at a row of stoppered test
tubes containing various colored fluids.

   “.The solutions are still settling, Doctor. That is

STORIES

why I wanted to have you avoid all unnecessary,
jarring. The qualitative analysis is completed*
‘Quantitative’ will be finished by this evening.
When Stevens checks up with me tonight, I’ll make
a leukocyte for you 1”

   Mason gasped audibly, and Doctor Santurn turned
 to regard him with a self-satisfied smile.

  “Are you astounded?” I assure you we’re not
trying to ‘pull your leg.’ To paraphrase old Shakes-
peare, ‘There are more things on The Plateau,’
Gary, ‘than you ever dreamt of in your phil-
osophy.’ ”

   “I don’t believe what I’ve heard!” vociferated
Mason stoutly. “How can I? Such things are pre-
posterous! Do you mean to tell me-?”

   “Not a thing!” said Doctor Santurn. “Tonight
you shall see. At present I want you to steep a bit
longer. Let us go over to see Johnssen.”

What the Village Says About It All

EXCEEDINGLY bewildered, a trifle loathe to
leave the fascination of the bio-chemical lab-
oratory, Mason followed after the Doctor,
and with him kept to the path, to the last of the
three one-room buildings that lay to the rear of
the residence.

   “Here we are!” said the Doctor, passing with
Mason through the door. “This place houses our
menagerie and equarium.”

   “Then it’s true!” exclaimed Mason, recalling the
 innkeeper’s story.

   “What is?” asked the Doctor.

   “One of the rumors the village is circulating
about you.”

   “Is it a crime to possess a private collection?”
 asked the Doctor, ironically.

   “No-o.”

   “Here’s Johnssen,” interrupted the Doctor.

  A huge man approached them—a man perhaps
fifty years of age, yet whose full head of ash blond
hair, unlined, ruddy face and keen, sea-green eyes
gave the impression of a remarkable state of preser-
vation.

   “What is new here?” asked the Doctor.

  “We need a new thermostat for the primate’s
cage,” said Johnssen, the words rumbling slowly
and deeply in his throat. “Our youngster coughed
once or twice last evening. It was chilly, if you
remember, and I’m afraid he caught a cold. The
old thermostat sticks, somewhere around seventy,
and I’d like to get up to about ninety-five for emer-
gencies.”

“Are you referring to that orang?” asked Mason.

   “Yes,” said Johnssen, “the devil! For a two-
year-old specimen born and brought up in captivity,
one would think he’d be up to the usual monkey
tricks. Not he! He sits there quietly and watches,
watches^—”

   “Born and brought up here?” asked Mason of the
Doctor.

“That is correct. He’s always been an orphan.”

   “Cryptic, as most of the things I hear,” retorted
 Mason, a trifle impatiently. “I simply can’t contain
 myself much longer. What is this all about?”

He leaned over the guard rail built around a huge
BLASPHEMERS' PLATEAU.

661

tank set into the floor, and partitioned off into num-
erous smaller sections, each of which contained a
fish or small amphibian. He waved a hand at the
cages set about the walls, the orang being the larg-
est of the various occupants.

  “Where are the lions and tigers? The ones the
villagers claim to have heard?” asked Mason.

  “So long as they didn’t claim actually to have
seen them," said the Doctor, “my faith in the yokels
is unshaken. They merely hear the sounds of cer-
tain local insects and birds amplified and sent out
through the horn in the tower in order to test the
attraction of the sounds for similar species. We
occasionally use a radio decoy, so to speak, in testing
our transmitter. Also, we convert various forms
of radiant energy into ‘radio’ equivalents, and try
them out too, and much noise results. We have actu-
ally transmitted the equivalent of radium ‘gamma’
rays, the various waves found in polarized light
and in X-rays, as well as the usual radio waves at
the other end of the scale, which reach into the
thousands of meters.

_ “To get back to this collection, however,” he con-
tinued, “I tell you truthfully that every one of the
specimens you see here was born on the premises!”

  “That python?”

  “Almost three years ago, and he’s as big as the
usual forty or fity year old specimen,” the Doctor
assured him.

  “The badger, the lemur, and that brown toad?”
persisted Mason.

  “Everyone of them!”

  “I give up!” confessed Mason.

  “You had better, until after luncheon, Gary,” ad-
vised the Doctor. “Come along, Johnssen! It’s
time to eat.”

  The three men left the miniature zoo and aquari-
um, and strolled back to the house together, where
Stevens and Bridges joined them shortly.

Synthetic Snakes

SUKI served them deftly and silently while they
conversed about the topics nearest to their
hearts. The talk was most amazing to Mason,
who was reluctant to appear gullible.

  “Mason, here, is an old college chum of mine,”
explained the Doctor. “After dabbling in science,
he commenced on theology, and then, by easy stages
drifted into archaeology in order to substantiate for
himself some of the beliefs he had picked up. As
for me, you see how I have departed from the paths
of ‘goodness.’ You needn’t hesitate to speak frankly
before our friend here. He’ll get the general import
of your remarks. He’s kept up with events in the
scientific world—the known scientific world,” he
amended.

  Stevens began.

  “Have you ever heard of a radio wave measuring
one meter?"

  “Surely!” said Mason affably.

  “One of a millimeter?” persisted Stevens.

  “Not in radio work, though probably some of the
radium wave emanations are shorter than that.”

  Have you ever heard of a quadrillimeter or a
pentillimeter?”

  “Get 021 with you!” said Mason with some asper-
ity. “There are no such words or measurements.
You’re making game of me!”

  Doctor Santurn smiled, the swarthy, weazened
Bridges chuckled, and Johnssen rumbled mirth-
fully.

  Bridges took up the cudgels.

  “Will synthetic gin produce the ‘D.T.V, to you^
knowledge," he asked slyly.

  “Very likely," snapped Mason, on guard.

  “Then a man who has taken sufficient synthetic
liquor over a long enough period of time should see
synthetic snakes and animals, shouldn't he?”
“Clever!” jeered Mason. “Synthetic jnakes!
Fancy them!"

  “No. Don’t fancy them. They exist. You’ve seen
one yourself.”

  “What! This is too thick for me!” cried Mason;
but they gave him no mercy.

  “It’s your turn, Johnssen,” said the Chief.

  “Do you remember the ancient myth about Min-
erva springing forth full-fledged from the head of
Jupiter?”

  “Yes—well?”

  “Of course it’s a myth,” conceded Johnssen,
“But it’s not so far from what might be possible.”
Mason extended his cigar-case around the table.
“The cigars are ‘on me’, gentlemen. I assure you
they contain no hasheesh or other substance calcu-
lated to encourage your fabrications. Miinchhausen
himself would feel abashed in your presence.

  His table-mates laughed in good spirits at his in-
credulity as they rose to go back to their separate
tasks, and to Mason there was something forbid-
dingly convincing in the fact that not one of them
had attempted to bolster his argument for; argu-
ment's sake.

The Nitrogen Cycle

THE sun had descended through its arc during
the afternoon, sending, through the red,
stained-glass panels of the westerly windows
of the library, queer, bloody mottlings on the backs
of the books that lined the walls, as Mason and the
Doctor discussed the work on The Plateau.

  “Gary, do I appear rational to you?” the Doctor
had asked.

  “Your question implies some self-doubt as to your
own sanity, I presume. Judging fx-om externals, and
as a layman, I can truthfully say you appear noth-
ing out of the ordinary. Your manner of speech,
however, has disturbed me somewhat; but on the
whole I’d say you'd pass as nothing worse than
slightly eccentric.”

  “Ah!” the Doctor had said. “But after I have
proceeded a little, you’ll think differently, no doubt.
Shall I start with fundamentals?”

  “Do!”

  And then the biologist had entered on the weird-
est and most unforseen harangue that it had even
been Mason’s lot to attend.

  “Have you ever heard of the ‘nitrogen cycle,’
where the element nitrogen, ‘fixed’ by bacteria on
grass roots, is ingested by cattle, turned into pro-
teins, eaten by humans, and returned again to soil
and air, and so on ad infinitum?”

  “Surely,” said Mason, “That’s elementary.”
“That’s Immortality!” corrected Doctor Santurn.
“Nitrogen immortality, and just as demonstratable
in every element.

  “Nitrogen will always be nitrogen so long as the
662

AMAZING STORIES

orbits of the electrons in its atom remain undis-
turbed. A change or a disturbance of the electrons
will transform it into something else; perhaps into
heavier or lighter nitrogen, perhaps into an entirely
different substance. I know that to be true of every
element.

  “Now we take a big jump, and consider a human
being just before ‘death’ occurs.

  “The blood courses through the vascular system,
nourishing the tissues. Then the vital impulse
ceases. The circulation stops. The tissue cells,
starved for oxygen and nourishment, begin to dis-
integrate into their inert, protoplasmic elements.

  “Electronic activity in the individual atoms, how-
ever, goes on forever, despite the gross dissolution
and decay of the body. The elementary matter of
which the body is composed is indestructible no
matter what form the body ultimately attains in the
process of disintegration.

  “That’s Nature’s method of analysis, of reducing
a body into the individual and original elements
which compose it. Does she waste these elements?

  “She does not! Of course not! She borrows a few
carbon molecules here, a little calcium there, per-
haps some sulphur and hydrogen elsewhere. Then
she combines them in proper proportion, kindles
them with the magic wand of radiant energy, and
presto! A new living organism is in our midst—*
perhaps an amoeba, or one of the yeasts, mayhap
bird or beast, or even a new human being!”

  “You mean,” said Mason intensely interested,
“That Death merely disarranges the atomic com-
position of a body by interfering with the vibratory
rate of its electrons, and then, by a rearrangement
of the chemical elements of the deceased, and a new
vibratory impulse, Nature creates a new form of
life from the old?”

  “Essentially, yes!” agreed the Doctor. “Only
your definitions of Death, Nature, and Life mean
separate things to you; whereas to me they mean
God. Now, right here, I am about to utter what
may sound like blasphemy to those ears of yours
which drank in too much in those theology lectures
of long ago, when you were just a plastic and im-
pressionable boy.

The Doctor and His Visitor Disagree

**1TP 1 can do these things—if I can reduce an
N range the same elements so they’ll again be
JL organism to its components and then rear-
instinct with life, will I not be God myself?”

  “I see,” said Mason, his voice bitter with disap-
pointment. “ ‘Me und Gott’ as the Kaiser once re-
marked. You’re a megalomaniac.”

  “Your reactions do you credit, Gary,” said Doc-
tor Santurn, shrugging his shoulders apologetically.
“But don’t misunderstand me. I am not, I have no
desire to be—Divine. I am just an inchworm meas-
uring its length against the unknown end of
Science’s yardstick, in an attempt to reach a certain
goal.”

  “A non-existent goal!” snorted Mason disgusted-
ly.

  “I desire to prove,” continued the Doctor, “that
spiritual Immortality does not exist, because physi-
cal, atomic Immortality precludes the possibility.
And that goes for Resurrection, too. A man’s body
dies, disintegrates, and his atoms are used again to

build other forms. His ‘spirit’ is merely the vibra-
tion which stimulates the electrons in their orbits.”
“Yes?” sneered Mason skeptically.

  The Doctor flushed, but continued in the same,
pedantic manner.

  “In radio work there are two sorts of waves we
recognize; the ‘damped,’ or extinguished type, and
the continuous or undamped variety.

  “Mortal life is subject to damped impulses. The
damping of vibrations may take place in a single
cell in an hour; in man, a vast collection of cells, it
may require ‘threescore and ten’, or, in the case of
our old friend Methuselah, nine hundred and sixty
three years. Barring accident, and applying a
proper, continuous vibratory impulse to man, we
should be enabled to keep him going indefinitely.

  “I am not interested in that aspect of Immortal-
ity, my friend. It would interfere with the economic
scheme of things. But I am desirous of showing
that there is no ‘spirit’ that persists beyond man’s
dissolution. Death merely damps his vital vibra-
tions, extinguishes the impulse, so to speak. Only
his molecules, atoms and electrons live on forever.”
He fell silent, lost in reverie; and Mason wrapped
in horrified speculation, did not disturb him. At
length he broke the silence.

  “And when you demonstrate your thesis to Man-
kind, Oliver, what do you expect to accomplish?”
Doctor Santurn brought up his wandering
thoughts with a jerk, recollected time, place and
adversary, and formulated his answer.

  “Ah! Gary! I want to wipe out religion, the
curse of humanity! I want men to live their years
with the knowledge that what they waste here can-
not, by any form of expiation, be made up in the
‘Hereafter.’ That ‘Heaven’ holds no greater reward
than they are capable of achieving right here in the
one existence; and that ‘Hell’ is a consciousness of
error. When there are no barriers of religion be-
tween man and man, such as differences in faith
now present, then the Brotherhood of Man will have
arrived.”

  “You forget one thing,” interrupted Mason,
“Man’s tendency to turn for assistance in time of
stress to a Higher Power.”

The Doctor Not An Atheist

« 71 IT AN is a worm!” retorted Doctor Santurn.

    VI <,Do you actually believe Go(1 guides the
I? X destinies of every individual bit of living
protoplasm? He does, yes, in a wholesale way. He
leaves the inconsequential details to the commun-
ity. He endows us with knowledge sufficient for our
well-being, and with a sense of ethics for the sake
of society. He gives us the rudiments, the formulae
for successful living, and then washes His hands of
us, knowing that our neighbors will reward or pun-
ish us as we deserve.”

  “You are not exactly an atheist,” said Mason,

puzzled, “And yet-

  “I? An ntheist? Hardly, Gary. I do believe this
much: that a Great Power created the earth and all
that is therein. But He or It merely supplied the
crude elements that might still be found to-day if
all living matter were reduced to its lowest common
components.

  “Then He planted a cell here, another there, and
gave them the initial impulse that made them in-
'BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

663

stinct with what you call ‘life’. The rest He left to
Evolution, which adapted them to changing condi-
tions and environments through the aeons.”

  “If I understand you correctly," rejoined Mason,
“Evolution, Nature, call it whatever you will, is the
only true minister of the Deity?”

: Doctor Santurn nodded, pleased.

: “Call it that, or call it a physical, chemical, or a
mechanical force, so long as you leave out all ref-
erence to the spiritual.”

The Effect On the Visitor, Mason

SOMETHING clutched at Mason’s heart then,
perhaps the memory of his father, long ago
on a Thanksgiving Day saying grace over the
festive board of the little New England farmhouse.
He thought too, of his mother, laid away to the ac-
companiment of a clerical assurance of her spiritual
persistence; of his own wedding and the old phrase,
“Whom God hath joined, let no man put asunder”;
and of the same dear wife’s promise, just prior to
her decease, to wait for him on the ‘Other Side’.

  But Oliver Santurn would deny these blessed
things to mankind, he thought bitterly. He would
rob humanity of the fruits, and leave them the
husks.

  It was all too preposterous, of course! Neither
the Doctor nor any other man could compass these
wild visions and bring them to fruition; every wail-
ing soul, outraged, from the time of Cro-Magnon
on downward through the ages, would frustrate
them.

  It did serve to show him, however, a cold and
sinister picture of one whom he had thought of
warmly as a friend for almost forty years.

Some of the Wonders!

DOCTOR Santurn’s main laboratory in the ex-
tension to the rear of the residence was
brilliantly illuminated by searchlights set
well away in the corners, so as to be non-interfering
magnetically with the delicate apparatus assembled
on the insulated table in the center. The clear, white
beams were directed against a cluster of parabolic
reflectors, suspended from the domed ceiling,
which focused the light upon the table below.

  The room itself was somewhat of a composite of
the three Mason had visited in the morning, and
was reserved for the purpose of correlating the sep-
arate facts ascertained in the individual depart-
ments, and applying them in actual experiment.

  The Doctor and his assistants were garbed in
sterile white surgeons’ garb, gauze-masked and rub-
ber-gloved, and they had provided the visitor with
a similar outfit. He now stood listening attentively,
to the Chief’s remarks.

  “The slide is sterile, as you see, having been
carefully subjected to heavy, moist heat pressure
in the sterilizer for thirty minutes. The microscope
shows it to be free from organisms. The instru-
ments Bridges is using have also been carefully
sterilized. Watch him carefully as I call off rates
and quantities!"

  Under what appeared to Mason as the central lens
of a quadruplex microscope, Bridges placed another
sterile glass slide, and to it transferred an infinites-
imal speck of some element. The little man now
jbent to a stereoscopic eyepiece, and with a delicate

stylus tapered down to the invisibility of a Wollas-
ton wire, teased and crushed the speck until Mason,'
could no longer discern it.

  “He is breaking down that particle into its basic
crystals,” murmured the Doctor in explanation. “It
is an easier method—arrived at by us after con-
siderable research—to use separate and individual
crystals whose atomic weights we know, than to
add or subtract via the scales method. We used to,
at first; but now we have listed the exact weights
of basic crystals.”

  He turned towards Bridges. “Three!” he ordered.

  At Bridges’ invitation, Mason peered through the
eyepiece, and taking the fine probe in his unprac-
ticed fingers, saw what appeared to be a telegraph
pole prodding at a great pile of small, white, gran-
ular boulders. There was a deep valley beyond the
mass, and across the gap lay three of the small
builders by themselves.

  Again and again the Doctor called off substances
and^ quantities, until at last the requisite number of
various crystals had been assembled in an inert
mass on a fresh slide, a drop of clear blood serum
added, and the whole surrounded by an incredibly
thin iridium washer, and sealed by a cover glass.

  Mason looked again through the quadruplex mic-
roscope and felt reassured that the mass was ac-
tually inert, a mound of chemicals in a puddle of
clear fluid.

  “Your turn, Stevens!” called the Doctor. “Have
you found the rate?”

  “Yes, Doctor. The wave is one hundred and five
pentjllimeters for human leukocytes. Various har-
monics will produce mammalian, piscatory, or ser-
pentine varieties. Shall I proceed ?”

  •‘By all means,” urged the Chief.

24 Steps of Amplification

A BANK of twenty-four vacuum tubes, some-
what resembling those used for radio pur-
poses, had been arranged at the end of the
table opposite the microscopical and chemical ap-
paratus; and to a metallic slab in their midst,
Bridges now carefully transferred the slide with
sterile tweezers.

  Stevens then turned a milli-vernier lateral clamp
so that its edges made contact with the flat iridium
jvasher under the coverglass on the slide.

  “With twenty four cascaded steps of radio fre-
quency amplification ahead of it,” explained
Stevens," and the contents of this slide acting as
the grid of the detector, a tremendous electronic
impulse can be imparted.”

  He stepped to a corner of the room and wheeled
into position a squat carriage from which a heavily
insulated cable ran back to a special socket in the
wall. Upon the carriage rested a box-shaped piece
of apparatus the size of a large trunk, which
Stevens referred to as a “neo-split-wave radio trans-
mitter.”

  “It’s just the reverse of the heterodyne principle,
you know," he explained. “It steps the wave down
as far as we want it, and we do need a very short
wave to compete with and surpass the gamma rays
of radium. Now we’re ready,” he said, focusing the
wave director toward an almost invisible loop aerial
on the receptor, and adjusting his controls.

  “Six and eighty two hundredths of a second
664

AMAZING STORIES

should be sufficient exposure,” he remarked, setting
the electric, split-second automatic stop.

  “Stand back, please!”

  As the little group moved slightly to one side of
the path of the ray, Stevens closed the primary cir-
cuit of the transmitter.

  A weird, horrific screech filled the room, as
though an invisible Twentieth Century Limited ex-
press train had applied its brakes suddenly to
screaming steel rails. All the Jinnis of Hell to-
gether could hardly equal the terror of it, thought
Mason.

The Swan Song of a Vacuum Tube

AND then silence descended, broken only by
the faint, rattling, tinkle of broken glass fall-
ing somewhere inside the box on the carriage.

  Steveus smiled.

  “That was the swan-song of the transmitting
tube. Tubes always collapse under the strain when
used for a full exposure. We exhaust their three
years of possible usefulness in a few, hectic sec-
onds, and their elements shriek in protest as they
disintegrate.”

  “Hurray!” interrupted Johnssen. “Bring the
slide back before our subject freezes to death. I’ll
have to warm it with a light bath and give it
oxygen.”

  The slide was immediately and deftly transferred
back to its seat under the microscope lens, and
treated to a bath of light directed at it laterally, and
the cover glass lifted for an instant.

  “You shall be the first to look, Gary,” directed
Doctor Santurn. “I think you know from observa-
tion how to focus the microscope. It is simply the
old type worked out to almost absolute perfection.”

  Mason's eyes were affixed to the stereoscopic at-
tachment, the milli-vernier adjustment screw turn-
ing slowly between his fingers.

  Back and forth, back and forth, he turned the
adjustment screw, raising and lowering the tube
columns until the field cleared. Then Mason’s hand
drew slowly away from the super-microscope.

  He gave a startled cry.

  “Good God, Oliver! Something’s moving! Skim-
ming about here and there in the drop of fluid! It
can’t be—it’s impossible!”

  “Is it?” asked the Doctor testily. “I thought you
inspected every step of the process yourself.”

  “I did—I did!” cried Mason excitedly, still watch-
ing the unicellular bit of life moving about in its
element. “Only this—” he turned and looked at the
silent group, with his arms stretched to them ap-
pealingly.

  “This is no hoax, gentlemen? It isn’t an elaborate
farce at my expense? It’s true? Is it?”

  One by one they gravely nodded affirmation of
the genuineness of what he had seen, and at last
he faltered a little, and breathing with difficulty
turned to the Doctor.

  “I—I’m not well, Oliver. I’d like to rest a bit.
This thiiig has struck me all of a heap!”

More Scientific Miracles Told Of

IT seemed incredible to Mason that only twenty-
four hours’ earlier he had been seated with the
proprietor of The Travelers’ Hotel in the vil-
lage, laughing and conversing light-heartedly over

the whimsical absurdities, suspicions and super-
stitions of the natives, as related by the host.

  That was another world, another existence as far
as the Poles away from this atmosphere of deadly,
calm, fixity of purpose with the destruction of man-
kind's beloved and familiar beliefs as its goal.

  Again in the library, resting from the shock of
what he had witnessed in the laboratory, Mason sat
tete-d-tSte with the biologist and listened with
strained absorption to his friend’s remarks.
(“Friend? I’m not certain!” thought Mason.)

  “What you saw performed, this evening,” the
Doctor was saying, “was the achievement of a goal
we have already reached by a slightly different and
easier method. You saw a single cell created. We
have gone further—much further.

  “Every one of the fish and mammals in John-
ssen’s care was born in a similar manner. Only we
didn’t create them cell by cell. We merely obtained
the unfertilized fish roe, or reptilian eggs, or mam-
malian ova from various private aquaria and zoo-
logical collections all over the country, wherever a
female specimen had freshly expired or been killed.

  “It is easier to start with the unfertilized primary
cell, actuate it in the laboratory, and permit its
gestation and growth thereafter in a natural man-
ner.

  “Again—we have gone beyond even this. We
know the composition of the eggs and ova of more
than fifty varieties of organisms. We have dupli-
cated them successfully and actuated them with
vibratory impulses equivalent to the fertilization
and germination processes of ‘Nature’. We con-
trol the sex at will by limitation of the chromosomes
of the primary cell. In most respects, this method
is the simpler of the two we have worked out.

  “The other method, of which you saw an ex-
ample tonight, is a step toward creating the individ-
ual tissues of the grown body. We have already
duplicated the main, or parenchyme elements of
several varieties of connective tissue—namely,
areolar, fibrous, elastic, reticular, and the like.

  “Blood, however, presents a difficult problem, and
is taking longer to duplicate, because of the various
cellular elements in it which exist in changing pro-
portions. We’re getting there, though!”

  “And if you do?” asked Mason, hanging on each
word of the highly technical description of the
Doctor’s work.

  “‘And when we do’, you should have said,” re-
joined Doctor Santurn.

  “When we do,” he continued, “we’ll use the hu-
man ovum now in Johnssen’s incubator, and ar-
tificially create a human being!”

  “Damn your matter-of-fact confidence!” thought
Mason.

  “Just now,” resumed the Doctor, “we want to be
able to duplicate every variety of human blood we
encounter in order to prepare for any emergency
we may encounter that may arise after the birth
of our subject. Transfusion, for instance.”

  Mason shivered slightly.

A Discussion in Theology

IN his reverent delving into the archives of the
past, ’midst African sand dunes and buried
Greek and Roman cities, he had come across the
records of unspeakable practices, horrific and re-
BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

665

volting; but never had he sensed so sinister an aura
as that which surrounded the quiet-voiced, mild-
mannered scientist who droned of his hopes and ac-
complishments.

  If only he had the desire to dedicate his brilliant
discoveries to the cure of disease, to the alleviation
of suffering, to the elevation of Mankind and the
.Glory of God!

  But no! His purpose was to render null and void
all that had inspired faith in spiritual reality since
the dawn of human life on the earth.

  “Your work is monstrous, Oliver!” he said.

  “No matter how good your intentions may be, you
are preparing to foist on humanity something that
they will abominate!”

  Doctor Santurn spoke with a tinge of sarcasm in
his voice, which was pitched slightly higher and
sounded somewhat strained.

  “Since when are you a moralist, Gary?”

  “Since this very moment, Oliver! You’ll knock
the props from under civilization and offer cold
consolation in return. The sort of Immortality you
believe in is no solace to the average man, even if
your theories are entirely correct—which I am not
prepared to admit.”

  “Stuff and nonsense! Do you really suppose, if
you should die this minute, you’d go to a ‘Here-
after' clad in celestial habiliments, but still appear-
ing your present age—wrinkles, bald spot and all?
Have you ever thought seriously of it Gary? What
age would you be if you died and went to ‘Heaven’?
Would you dwell through Infinity agelessly, await-
ing Gabriel’s saxophone to clothe yourself again in
the mortal clay you had left behind?

' ‘You wouldn’t find it, Gary! Not on Resurrection
Day. You’d find that while you had strayed off, Na-
ture had borrowed some of your very material
molecules and employed them elsewhere in a moslj
useful manner.

  “Then the only recourse left you, if there should
be a ‘You’, would be to appropriate unto yourself
the Oriental belief in reincarnation, find yourself a
new organism about to be born, and crawl into
swaddling clothes for a new start—perhaps as a
sacred cow, or a cat!

  “Stuff and nonsense, Gary! How could you bring
yourself expediently to believe in a ‘heathen’ doc-
trine?”

  “Stop—stop it!” cried Mason, feeling as if some
roiling hand had stirred up the mud of doubt on
these very questions which had always secretly
troubled him.

  “On the other hand,” went on the Doctor, a#
though Mason had not spoken, “Consider these bene-
fits: Men and women born free of any taint—
physically free from blemish, and psychologically
exempt from the age-old inhibitions and fears that
hamper them to-day. ‘Religion’ is responsible, basic-
ally, for most of these psychic handicaps.”

  “Will they all be soulless automatons?” inter-
rupted Mason, rallying again to the attack. “All of
one level of mediocrity or genius? All with the
same tastes, desires and capabilities?

  “Granting your so-called ‘benefits’, what becomes
of man's age-old desire for perpetuation in the
traits of his children? What of his innate urge for
perpetuation after he ceases to walk among the liv-
ing?,

  “Instead of a soul, you claim he becomes a com-
pletely damped impulse in the ether. Try and tell
men that, and see whether reason or instinct pre-
vails !

  “At your peril attempt to ram your ‘Brother-
hood of Man’ scheme down their throats in the man-
ner you propose.

  “Oh, yes! Just try!”

  But the Doctor merely laughed, refused to be
drawn into further argument, and prepared to re-
tire.

A Feeling of Repulsion Begins to Grow

TIME stood still, up there on The Plateau; and
the absence of newspapers, even of calendars,
had its effect on Mason who lapsed quickly
into the routine of the place.

  Repelled by what he saw and heard, yet, never-
theless, fascinated by each step forward in the mon-
strous work, he spoke in a half-hearted manner of
taking his departure, only to comply with the Doc-
tor’s cynically veneered proposal that he “stick it
out.”

  What he had witnessed during the first few hours
following his arrival had created within him a deep-
er repugnance than he had believed himself capable
of feeling. Gregarious by instinct, tolerant of the
foibles and failings of the gemis homo, and even
indulgent of some of them personally, Mason
brought to bear his best arguments to turn Doctor
Santurn aside from the accomplishment of what he
finally termed “Hellish desires.”

  The biologist had indulged in another of his mild
laughs at that; but if he had proclaimed his inten-
tion at the top of his voice, it could not have served
better to convince Mason that wordy interference
would be futile.

  For the first time the archaeologist became aware
of his own duality of nature. Ordinarily frank to
the utmost, more comfortable as donor than as sup-
plicant, there rose from his inner consciousness the
knowledge that he would travel devious and subtle
routes, if need he, to circumvent the Doctor. He was
no longer in doubt as to the man’s ability to create
at will, many varieties of organisms.

  Johnssen’s charges became more numerous day
by day, and whatever had once been animated in the
laboratories on The Plateau was jealously guarded
and nurtured.

  Each day had its definite assignment to be com-
pleted, the schedule being laid down on the preced-
ing evening; and as Mason contributed an appar-
ently eager curiosity, the Doctor and his staff soon
grew used to his appearance in this laboratory or
that. They even found amusement in directing him
to push this button or throw that switch, and watch-
ing his amazement at the results.

  They were playing with the Higher Science, and
it is doubtful if they could have recalled the rudi-
mentary principles upon which their discoveries
were based, so accustomed had they become to
manipulation of their super-devices, and the per*
formance of their intricate experiments.

  On the surface, Mason was apparently reconciled
to the projects which he watched grow to fruition,
from day to day. Within, however, his submerge^
nature was slowly gaining the ascendency.

  Calm, rational, well-balanced mentally, ordinarily,
666

AMAZING STORIES

he nevertheless felt at times a desire to seize some
convenient bludgeon and smash—smash to atoms
these unbelieveable devices which were to bring
grief to mankind. At such moments there seemed
to ring in his ears the cry,

  “Sodom and Gomorrah! There are no righteous
here!”

Mason’s Mind Begins to Be Affected By What
He Has Seen

HAD he been possessed of an explosive, un-
der the stimulus of his hidden impulse he
might have been prompted to sacrifice
himself as a martyr for Humanity’s sake by reduc-
ing the laboratories and occupants into the particles
to which the Doctor was so fond of referring.
There was no opportunity for this, however, or
rather, at best he might be successful in destroying
Bridges’ laboratory alone, for inflammable material
in bulk was stored there.

  Johnssen’s charges—especially the python and
the giant orang—came to mind as Mason pondered
on the possibility of using them as active instru-
ments of mischief; but no satisfactory method of
employing them as Frankensteins occurred to him.
He discarded the idea, for while he might account
for the artificial specimens in the zoo, and possibly
eliminate Johnssen, there would be left the other
laboratories, and the Doctor, Bridges and Stevens
with whom to reckon; to say nothing of Suki and
either of the watchmen.

  Stevens, the youngest of the scientists, was pos-
sessed of so many likeable qualities, despite his
sacreligious work, that he was a thorn in Mason’s
conscience when the thought of murder came to
him.

  But again a voice seemed to cry in Mason’s ear,

  “Slay! Smight them hip and thigh! Spare not
one of the blasphemers 1”

  Mason began spending much of his time in the
electro-physical laboratory, where he came to be
accepted by Stevens as a sincere searcher after
knowledge, and, as an intimate of his Chief’s, en-
titled to every courtesy and jonsideration.

  Soon Stevens was permitting the older man to
assist in some of the work, and as time fled by, and
almost a month had elapsed since his arrival, Mason
came to acquire a fair working knowledge of the
operation of the equipment, without in the least at-
tempting to ascertain the underlying principles.

  As each step was checked up here, Stevens would
demonstrate to Mason before presenting his findings
to the Doctor.

  “You know,” he once remarked, placing on the
laboratory table a live rabbit that had been snared
by one of the watchmen, “that what is true of a
theorem can often be demonstrated conversely. For
instance, if we can create by one method, we should
be able to destroy by a diametrically opposite and
related method. We have made blood of many var-
ieties with this neo-wave-generator.

  “It is equally possible to destroy the blood and
tissue elements by reversing the wave polarity by
means of this change-over switch.

  “This experiment is entre nous, if you please. I
don’t think the Doctor would altogether approve;
but I should like to demonstrate to you what I
jnean.

  “Observe this white rabbit—the fine, shell-like
pink of its ears, due to the coursing blood. I am go-
ing to use a negative and reversed harmonic for
rabbits’ blood haemoglobin. Watch!”

  With Mason behind him, intent on his slightest
action, he closed the circuit with the director
focused on the rabbit.

Instantaneous Production of Anemia By Rays

THE loud, metallic screech, now familiar to
Mason, commenced and ceased almost in-
stantly, and now the rabbit gained his at-
tention.

  To his amazement he saw its pinkish ears grow
paler, blanch to an opaque white, to the white of a
fish’s belly—to leprous white. The animal seemed
to shrink slightly, to breath with difficulty, all with-
in the compass of a minute.

  “The subject,” announced Stevens in a satisfied
manner, “is dying of pernicious anaemia. At least,
I have employed a ray destructive to haemoglobin—
the red blood cells. If you were to take a specimen
of this rabbit’s blood over to Bridges, he could
show you under his microscope that practically all
the red blood corpuscles had been destroyed. I’d
rather you’d take my word for it and refrain from
asking him, as this side line is a little secret of my
own.”

  Not again was Mason permitted to view a demon-
stration of the powers of the destructive wave; but
his eyes wandered often to the wave-changing de-
vice on the switchboard of the transmitter, as
Stevens busied himself with innumerable tasks.

  Another week elapsed, during which time the con-
certed efforts of the scientists were devoted to a
duplication of the various principal cells of the
nervous system and brain. They worked with amaz-
ing speed and accuracy, did these men.

  “It wouldn’t do, Gary,” Doctor Santurn re-
marked, “to bring that human ovum to life next
month, only to have it turn out an imbecile. I am
going to make sure there’ll be the nucleus of a
sound brain within its cranium after we bring it
into being.”

  Mason smiled, despite the impulse to rend and
tear.

  He could not, however, look into the Doctor’s eyes
for fear of disclosing his true feelings, as he mur-
mured false phrases of approbation.

  Mason had learned to dissimulate.

The Horror Of It All Grows

W ORN and haggard from the conflict of
forces which raged within him, the elderly
archaeologist gave up all thought of the
outer world, his every desire centering on ac-
complishing the destruction of the work and work-
ers of the Plateau Laboratories.

  He almost screamed aloud in horror at the arti-
ficial birth of the baby, which took place in Doctor
Santurn’s main laboratory a month later.

  The ovum, which had been subjected to activating
treatment under the ray months before, and had
been in Johnssen’s incubator all this while, was
now a full-term foetus and needed but the final ex-
posure to the action of the ray to bring to life a.
lustily bawling youngster.

Before Johnssen, with almost maternal solid-
BLASPHEMERS’ PLATEAU

667

tude, rushed it off to its incubator—the same, as a
matter of fact, that the orang had once occupied—
Doctor Santurn examined it carefully.

  With an air of disappointment he finally turned
to his assistants and remarked, “There has been
some slight error of calculation. The infant is a
cretin. We shall be delayed with its brain develop-
ment until we have subjected it to radio-glandular
therapy for a while.”

  Then, against his inner loathing to be present on
several succeeding occasions, Mason had witnessed
the delicate treatments which transformed the hid-
eous creature into a seraphic-faced, physically per-
fect specimen of babyhood—like the forced growth
of some ugly bulb under hothouse methods into a
blooming orchid of rare beauty.

  Doctor Santurn, however, would not declare him-
self satisfied until he should have implanted a sec-
tion of brain tissue into the child's cranium, for
subjection to rapid growth by means of neo-wave
stimulation.

  Mason had by now passed the bounds of rational
reasoning which might have led him to perceive the
valuable by-products of the biologist’s experiments,
the means for eradicating many of the woes and
much of the suffering of the peoples of the world.
He nursed his fear assiduously, on the Doctor’s
oft-repeated statement that he meant to use his dis-
coveries, not as a relief measure for “miserable
humanity,” but to destroy their “erroneous be-
lief” in the Divinity of Creation, and in Spiritual
Immortality.

  Helplessly, desperately, Mason strove to stem the
tide of this blasphemy, but no opening presented it-
self for favorable action by him.

  A bit of the Doctor’s irony recurred to him again
and again.

  In commenting on the birth of the child, John-
ssen had said, “We ought to name it.”

  And Doctor Santurn, head bowed in deep thought
for a few moments, had looked up and replied,

  “We shall call it MacDuff. Like his namesake, he
was not born of woman!”

Playing With a Human Mind

A MILD, Indian summer’s evening in late Sep-
tember was declared favorable by Doctor
Santurn, for the final brain treatment that
should transform MacDuff’s mentality from medi-
ocrity to precocity.	|
Mason stood by, in sterile garb, and watched the
preparations that centered about the anterior fon-
tanelle of the infant’s cranium.

  Trembling, hardly daring to speak for fear of be-
traying his emotion, he managed to subdue his ex-
citement, and asked to be allowed to participate in
the experiment.

  “Ah, Gary! I’m delighted to see you running up
the ‘white flag’ at last, after all your opposition! I
knew you’d come around in time to the proper way
of thinking if I kept you here long enough. Stev-
ens ! Kindly set the controls for Friend Mason, and
we’ll have him close the circuit that will make of
this infant a genius.”

  Grouped on either side of the swaddled infant,
intent on its proper placement by Johnssen, stood
the Doctor and his assistants. They instinctively

moved back a step, through force of habit, as Stev-<
ens called, “Ready?”

  “Quite ready!” croaked Mason, standing by thei
controls. He would have to work rapidly with the
thirty six seconds of exposure which the apparatus
was set to deliver.

  “Go!” called the Doctor, intent on the prone in-
fant.

  A metallic shriek pierced the quiet of the domed
room as Mason threw on the current, and drowned
the slight click of another device on the switch-
board, which he suddenly shifted without having
been bidden to touch it.

  With desperate haste he pivoted the wave gen-
erator, raised its focus, and swept it slowly across
the heads of the unsuspecting group that stood ap-
parently intent on MacDuff.

  His actions had been accomplished within fifteen
seconds, and then, with a sob, Mason broke the cir-
cuit with a hand switch, and let quiet fall again 13
the laboratory.

  Had he failed?

  He did not know as he peered intently, fearfully)
at the immobile faces of the scientists. They stood
so quietly—almost like petrified men!

  He shrank back in terror as the Doctor raised his|
head suddenly and pointed an accusing finger a^
him.

  “Gary”, said the Doctor bitingly, “you have
abused the most sacred canon of hospitality in
planning the destruction of your hosts. Don’t at-
tempt to deny it!” he barked, as Mason raised £
trembling hand.

  “If we had been in proper relation to the recep-
tor, we’d have been idiots by this time. The ray
you directed at us would have destroyed our brain
tissues. You’ve been carefully watched, you bigoted
would-be murderer, despite the fact that you ap-
peared to be free from observation!”

  Mason, still white and shaken, was stung to re-
tort by the sharpness of the Doctor’s tone.

  “Hospitality be hanged when Humanity’s happi-
ness is at stake! I’d do it again, if I had the
chance!”

  “You would?” asked Doctor Santurn, his voice
silken with an ominous threat,

  “Assuredly!”

  “Then listen to this:” •

  A few whistled notes issued forth incongruously
from the lips of the elderly scientist.

  “Do you recognize the quaint little air, Gary? It’s
from Gilbert and Sullivan’s ‘Mikado’. To refresh
your memory, I’ll quote the words. ‘To make the
punishment fit the crime, the punishment fit the
crime!”

  He paused for a moment to let his meaning im-
press itself on Mason’s mind, and then continued,

  “In simple, unadulterated English, my good man,
you’ve asked for a taste of your own medicine!” He
nodded to his assistants.

Almost a Riot in the Laboratory

THERE was a wild threshing and straining and
heaving of bodies as Mason fought to evade
his captors. He reviled and cursed them and
spat in their faces as they secured him to the table
from which the infant MacDuff had been tenderly
removed. Finally, when he perceived the futility of
668

AMAZING STORIES

struggling: further, he lay quietly, and just before
they focused the transmitter on his head he prayed
aloud, not for deliverance, but for the destruction
of his captors.

  Stevens had replaced the disrupted tube with a
liew one, and the horrendous screech that now arose
as he closed the circuit seemed almost to have some-
thing human in its terrible protest.

  Within a quarter of an hour from the time»he had
attempted the lives of the scientists, Gary Mason,
the one-time brilliant archaeologist had become met-
amorphosed into an adult with the mentality of a
three year old child—a sleepy child, at that. Doc-
tor Santurn called for Suki to put him to bed.

  “Now, gentlemen,” he said to his dishevelled as-
sistants, “Science can proceed unhampered by fan-
atics. It is perhaps fortunate that our guest knew
nothing of the mines placed under our buildings,
nor of the bombs charged with Bridges’ gas which
is as deadly as Lewisite. Our knowledge is to be
devoted to one great purpose, and rather than let
our achievements fall into the hands of lily-livered
gentry who might convert it to their own maudlin
aims, I repeat our pledge to destroy, should it be-
come necessary, the Plateau and all it houses. Re-
member, I-1-” He paused, his face distorted

by a spasm of pain.

  Swiftly he ripped his surgeon’s gown from his
body and bared his torso to the gaze of his startled
assistants.

  “What do you see, Bridges?” he asked in a low
tone of alarm. “Quick!”

  Bridges, pressing his own face as if in pain,
peered intently at the Doctor’s neck.

  “There’s a peculiar enlargement under the angle
of the jaw,” he said. “Why! It’s swelling as I
watch I”

  “QQickl Trace down the lymph nodes in the
neck,” the Doctor commanded, his face contorted.

  Bridges did so. “Swelling too,” he announced,
“They’re like marbles. It’s almost like—I should
say like—”

  “Go on, man!”

  “Like metastasis in cancer, when the infection
spreads.”

  “Good Lord!” blurted forth Stevens, inconsis-
tently calling on One he had long scorned. “We
never thought these currents would act like X-Rays!
Simple high frequency! Who’d have thought—!”

Dr. Santurn Acknowledges Defeat

tl TNAMN your ignorance!” said the Doctor
1 bitterly. “Ordinarily cancer takes up to a
couple of years to kill, and here you’ve
saddled me with an unknown hothouse variety that's
killing me in minutes! You gaping fools! Haven’t
you ever heard of the cumulative effect of Roentgen
Rays and Radium Rays? Well, now you know the
Neo Wave is similar. Oh, yes, now you’ll know!
Mark you my lads, I’m going fast, and I know it;
but you’ll follow soon yourselves!

  ‘You, Johnssen! What’re you looking at on
your arm? What’s the trouble with your face,
Bridges? Nose seems badly off center. Hi, Stevens,
you blighted nincompoop! Do your feet hurt?
Poor Trilbys!” He laughed ironically.

  With faltering steps he dragged his pain-wracked
body to the far corner of the room, and pressed
against the wall next a hexagonal panel set in-
visibly in the tiles.

  Bridges was running about like one blinded,
futilely wringing his hands.

  Johnssen gazed with terrible fixety at his fore-
arm, feeling the chain of nodes that were swelling,
up to the arm pit.

  And Stevens was crying, frankly and unashamed-
ly as he clutched at his ankle.

  “Boys,” said the Doctor in a sibilant whisper,
“We’re beaten! We have no remedy for this sort
of venom. It we’d have studied diseased tissues for
the sake of Humanity, as our friend Mason might
say, there’d be a fighting chance for us. Oh, well!
It was fun while it lasted; but something’s beaten
•us.

  “Something? Is there a Something?”

  The hexagonal panel was open, and deep into the
recess in the wall the Doctor inserted his arm. Sum-
moning his waning strength, he managed by a
tremendous effort to force a raucous croak through
his contracted larynx.

  “AUotis! Mes enfants!" he called to the heedless
trio absorbed in their own separate purgatories.
“A short life, and a merry one!”

  His arm, sunk to the shoulder in the wall recess,
turned slowly.

The lim-Keeper’s Last Words

THE proprietor of the Travelers’ Hotel in the
village, growing talkative, occasionally, to
some favored guest these days, may point to-
ward the Plateau, just as nightfall enshrouds it,
and describe it as a place beloved of the Devil.

  “Nothing but ruins are standing there since the
night of the big explosion,” he explains.

  “Two men who went up to investigate, dropped
in their tracks the moment they entered the gate,
and the rest of us at a distance held back a good
ways. No one 'ud dare go near the place. Finally
the War Department sent an expert. He said the
Plateau was chock full of some sort o’ poison that’d
settled down and blighted everything. ‘Nothing can
live there for years,’ says he.

  “So we went and put up a high wall with plenty
of warning signs, clear around the old wall; but
’tain’t necessary, really. Ha! Try an’ get some one
who knows to go there for love’r money!

  “Would you like to explore,” he asks pointedly,
“Where no green grass grows, nor no vines cover the
ruins? Where birds never rise no more once they
light there? Sure you wouldn’t! The place is
damned and haunted, I tell you!”

  And then the genial proprietor grows thought-
ful.

  “There was a kind of elderly fellow stopped here
on his way up there, ’most a year ago. Said his
friend up there on the Plateau was perfectly all
right and aboveboard. I wonder what happened to
that there feller?”

  He shivers slightly.

  “Let’s go in an’ turn on the light,” he suggests.

  “The durn subjec’ gives me the creeps!”
A Columbus of Space

By GARRETT P. SERVISS

(Continued from page 615)

with a loud report We were already in the rare up-
per air, and the friction of our swift rush through
it had begun to inflame the steel.

  In a few moments more, I thought, I could throw
open a window and let in fresh air to revive Jack
and to restore my own strength.

  But alas I Jack was already beyond all help. When
I had opened the window and drawn one refreshing
breath, I turned to him and found him pulseless.

  It is a wonder that I did not go mad myself. I
had brought the car almost to rest, and now it slowly
settled until it lay motionless. I was at home at last
j—but what a home-coming!

  Long I sat, discouraged and desperate, with bitter
thoughts, and Jack lying there before me. Finally
a soft breeze stealing into the open window roused
me.

  The electric lights were glowing in the car, but
as 1 opened the door I found that it was night out-
side. I turned back and looked once more at Jack.

  He lay as peaceful as a sleeping child. I could
bear it no longer. I turned off the light and
emerged from the car.

  It had landed in a swamp. Straggling trees cov-
ered with wild grape-vines were all about.

New York Again

HEEDLESS of where I went, I began to run.
Several times I fell headlong, but, recovering
my feet, went on. After several hours I found a
hunter’s deserted hut and entered it. Tired out,
I lay down there and slept until the morning sun
awoke me.

  It is needless to detail all that followed.

  I found out that the car had come down in the
very heart of the Adirondack wilderness. I occu-
pied a whole day in walking to an inhabited clearing.
When I arrived there I had made up my mind what
to do. I would keep the secret.

  As soon as I could reach New York I hunted up
Church. His amazement upon seeing me was bound-
less. He had long believed that we were all dead.
But he agreed with me to keep the secret. Together
we went to the Adirondacks, found the car after a
week’s search, buried Jack’s body under a great
pine tree, and labored for two whole days to sink
the accursed car forever from the sight of men in
the mud of the swamp.

  Now at last I have told the story, and the world
knows what a genius it lost in Edmund Stonewall.

                                   The End.

Readers9 Vote of Preference

STORY

                         REMARKS

(o:

(2)
(3)

I do not like these stories:

Why?

(O ..............................

(2) ..............................

This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing
what type of stories you like can we continue
to please you. Fill out this coupon or copy
it on a sheet of paper and mail it to AMAZ-
ING STORIES, 53 Park Place, New York
City.

 My Name and Address

669
 Against an amazing back-
ground of a mechanical-elec-
trical and chemically altered
life of mankind there is set
a brilliant and colorful ro-
mance in the life of the
greatest living scientist of
that age.

  Ralph’s love for the beauti-
ful stranger, his conquest of
his rival and the worsting of
the great saturnine Martian,
culminating in a running
fight in space with tragedy
and terror conquered by al-
most unbelievable and in-
credible weapons, make one
of the most interesting and
gripping stories ever told.

 700

YEARS
HENCE

IN 1908, Mr. Hugo Gernsback, Editor of Amazing Stories,
published the first radio magazine the world had even seen
—“Modern Electrics.” In one of these volumes he ran a
story entitled “Ralph 124C 41+ A Romance of the Year
2660.” This story, although written many years ago, proved
more valuable as the years went by, because many of the
prophecies made in this book gradually came true.

RDER B L A N K-»■■■■■■■■■■-<

 EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO.,

 S3 Park Place, New York City.

Gentlemen:—Enclosed find $............for which please sand me	*

 ...............copics of “RALPH 124C 414-.” by Hugo Gernsback.	J

Name ....................................................................................................................■

Address ................................................................................................................I

PRICE 52.15 POSTPAID	AS10

  This was in the days before broadcasting had even been
thought of, and before we had the radio telephone, yet all of
this is faithfully chronicled in this story.

  Old-time readers of “Modern Electrics” probably remember
the story, and now have a chance to get the complete book.

  A pioneer in the electrical and radio field, Mr. Gernsback
has a profound knowledge of the subjects, coupled with a finely
trained and highly imaginative mind.

  This unusual combination has enabled him to foreshadow
with almost unbelievable accuracy some of the more recent
developments. His earlier predictions, which have appeared
from time to time during the past decade in many newspapers
and magazines, are now realities. Every prophecy is based on
accurate scientific knowledge. His ideas are no more fantastic
than the realities and commonplaces of our everyday life would
have been to our great grandfathers.

THE STRATFORD COMPANY, Publishers
For Sale by
EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., Inc., '"53 Park Place, New York, N. Y.
    Vci,. Onfy if- iviil'brlViB^Voui
. dhorcs pi tlioso Bb e.irsalni
► -,'.•<«* >om approval jnci 15 DA Y
ivT»JAfc;i Siiojily I ’f' S* ii.'il
»r, to ihh; ad Initicafo yout it-
Xiiaijian ih<i ntnii ;t to da v.
ilHto ytfplieiii# yaur
lc-« mon-y 5l«i-

Vjv/hsr<i, IcrtJ it (»Sr.!< ,r ;il yoiii
S:,Sijw,i! riiTsfiipdii:. it saVl-

mJtOtf,,pa.y,ba!j.iro l-n .10 0411s;

v.'.m'oiittJly r<a>ii»nU, WO RED

•JkTAtmwio MPT o.«amm
y tt)E» uUu& f men i ml.

        44.30 n Month*

wJi^'S*	-‘S

with 2 Bluo-white Diamond*. Am
.biruialono furolahed. $25.

        $2.40 a Month.

DUmoadn. $45. S4.40 a month.
B83—Gent* UK Solid Gold bond,
connived I line with AAlBluo-wblt«

top. Ma.'s'lR S4.'lS a Monlfi?',
B84--14K White Gold WrUtWMch;

4 Bluo-wbite Diamonds: ,4 Bluo1
'•.u»r»iuccd. 16 - Jewel

        13 a Month#

14K Gold-tilled C45C, IB*
guaranteed 15 Jewel Of
movement. $28.50. f&fi
$2-75 a Month. *3g
086—12 • the 21 wQ
Jowcl Illinois Victor V.y;t*

&W,VSSa^l

__ Month._^4^' : '.

laoveraoat.

FUTURE AVIATORS—

YOUR OPPORTUNITY !

A short cut to bccome a commercial flyer,—costa.—wliat
to buy, condmscd facts on aviation. Two aviators. 0 yra.
experience. Send $1.00.

J ELKS & HAY. 2734 S. Normnndlo. Los Angalcs, Cal.

THE ISLAND OF, DR. MOREAU

Old at S3

  OLD AGE depends on OSSIFICATION or hardening of
  tho arteries. An exccss of starchy foodn such na oots.whont.
  rice, potatoes, etc., »b ono causo of the encrusting: 01 tho
  Inner walla of blood vessels, prodacingmnlnatritionHIGH
  BLOOD PRESSURE, homeliness, OLD AGE and DEATH.

  DOMESTIC animals, borer:!, cattle, cheep, etc., eating
  BTahm (hcrbivora) nro SHORT lived. WILD animals, catmg
  mostly animal food (carnivora) aro frequently LONG
  lived, (100 years).	, .....

  Observo tho deposits lnsido old water pipes and kettles.
  Similarly an excess of calcareous oubatancea from starchy
  foodn with earthy matter from water, clog tho arteries.

    ~	Watch tho pcoplo who consuma

           largo quantities of starchy foods,
           bread and waterl They look HOML-
           LY andprcrnaturcly old. aro STIFF
           and AWKWARD in their move-
           ments, and their skins aro often
           , rough and senrfy. Suitablo animal
           1 food,fruit and vegetables producoun
           appcaranco of youthfulnesa, grace,
           and refinement in coarse-looking starch-eaters.

  For quick proof try only ogud poroono. 'vho
  have fcxhnuotod tliolr rosorve power, bond
  for statements of ELDERLY pcoplo who havo ,
  exoericnced a wonderful change to youthful il»
  activity after only 10 days’ trial of the new system of UN-
  DILUTED waterfrco nutrition.	_

  Tho injurious effects of water, tablo salt, cereals, fat,
  butter, Bugar, etc.. aro explained in our booklet; also tha
  ono common underlying cauagof all d-.scaro.	.

  Write us for particulars of Government BulIetin9.dMcrIb-
  Ing experiments on convicts, hens. cown. etc.__Doflc[ent

  rcctede. g.. paralysis, blindness In hens, rats, etc.: Deri-
  ^Bmki5nw^r^.tt^-^LYSIS. Ago 61. Eight

  and wrists locked immovable for eight months. Blind for
  two years. Can now see, walk, do homo work. CATARRH,
  hay fever, and asthma, improved from tho first meal.
  GALLSTONES. Ago 80. Cholic overy week for years, but

  HEMORRHAGE! ’*Age CO. Bedridden threo years. Now
  does housework. ECZEMA. Ago CO. Skin cracked, scaling,
  normal in three months. PYORRHEA. See Reprint from
  Dental Dlcrent.” PREGNANCY. AgoS0.Nonausea.no
  swollen feet nor constipation, dohvery pninlCTs. Waterfreo
  Meals. Educational Booklet lOe. BRtNKLER SCHOOL
  OF EATING, Dept. 0IR.131 Wo8t72mlSt., Now York..

                     20 samples, 25c; 10 hold to
  mirror, 25c: 10 transparents,
  25c; 5 bathers, 25c; all, 75c.
  Thotos. Set of 20, $1.00; 4 samples. 25c.

CENTRAL NOVELTY CO.,

 112 N. LaSalle St.,	Chicago, HL

POSTALS

Surprise Your Friends

with a

MASTERY of MYSTERY

ON

ALL

NEWS-

STANDS

Popular Magic

 POPULAR MAGIC is a book for you
 for everybody, young or old. But especially
 for those who want popularity, those who
 want to realize how much the admiration of’
 friends helps toward making life worth
 more.

 POPULAR MAGIC contains thousands
 of simple, entertaining parlor tricks, as many
 puzzling magical stunts and a whole book
 full of mystic spirit novelties. A new set
 of tricks for every day of the year.

  300 Illustrations. Size 9 x 12 Inches.

 EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., INC.,
 53 Park Place New York, N. Y.

The Island of Dr.
Moreau

 {Continued from page 655)

 talk, build houses. They were men.
 It’s likely I’ll come ashore.”

   “The water just beyond where you
 stand is deep—and full of sharks.”
 “That’s my way,” said I. “Short and
 sharp. Presently.”

   “Wait a minute.” He took some-
 thing out of his pocket that flashed
 back the sun, and dropped the object
 at his feet. “That’s a loaded revolver,”
 said he. “Montgomery here will do
 the same. Now we are going up the
 beach until you are satisfied the dis-
 tance is safe. Then come and take the
 revolvers.”

   “Not I! You have a third between
 you.”

   “I want you to think over things,
 Prendick. In the first place, I never
 asked you to come upon this island. If
 we vivisected men, we should import
 men, not beasts. In the next, we had
 you drugged last night, had we wanted
 to work you any mischief; and in the
 next, now your first panic is over and
 you can think a little, is Montgomery
 here quite up to the character you give
 him? We have chased you for your
 good. Because this island is full of—
 inimical phenomena. Besides, why
 should we want to shoot you when you
 have just offered to drown yourself?”
 “Why did you set—your people on
 me when I was in the hut?”

   “We felt sure of catching you, and
 bringing you out of danger. After-
 wards we drew away from the scent,
 for your good.”

   I mused. It seemed just possible.
 Then I remembered something again.
 “But I saw,” said I, “in the enclo-
 sure—■”

   “That was the puma.”

   “Look here, Prendick,” said Mont-
 gomery, “you’re a silly ass! Come out
 of the water and take these revolvers,
 and talk. We can’t do anything more
 than we could do now.”

   I will confess that then, and indeed
 always, I distrusted and dreaded Mo-
 reau; but Montgomery was a man I
 felt I understood.

   “Go up the beach,” said I, after
 thinking, and added, “holding your
 hands up.”

   “Can’t do that,” said Montgomery,
 with an explanatory nod over his
 shoulder. “Undignified.”

    “Go up to the trees, then,” said I, “as
 you please.”

   “It’s a damned silly ceremony,” said
 Montgomery.

   Both turned and faced the six or
 seven grotesque creatures, who stood
 there in the sunlight, solid, casting
 shadows, moving, and yet so incredib-
 ly unreal. Montgomery cracked his
 whip at them, and forthwith they all

Jill A /*• |/"«Dice, $5.00; Cards, $1.2S; Inks,
Ifl All ll,$1.50; Magic Fluid for Transpar-
* * ‘^ents, $3.00. Slick Ace Cards, $1.25;
Factory Readers. $1.00. Sales Boards, etc.
CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY
112 N. La Salle Street, Chicago, III.

The New Magazine

on how to increase your
income—

Opportunities for everyone.

25c ON ALL NEWSSTANDS

EXPERIMENTER PUB. CO., INC.,

53 Park Place :: New York, N. Y.
6 72

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 7)37..Scranton, Ponna.

CISett cnt lartui corritpcnidmca tnkool* in tht icorld

   Without cost, please tell mo how I can qusll/j Tor tho
   position or In Ujo subject helot a which X have marked an X:
   BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

luslness Management
ndus trial Management
(Personnel Organisation
1 Traffic MnragcuiaJit
1 Business I«»W
Banking and Bankir

Accountancy (IncludingC.P.A.)

[Nicholson Cost Accounting
Bookkeeping
[Private Secretary
I Spanish □ French

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

IBlcctrlcal Engineering
jraectrto LSslitioi;

   1 Mochanlceuraelneer
   IMrchanical Draftsman
   3Macbtno Shop PracUcs
   1 Railroad Position*

   ]<jas Endno Operating
   ] cavil Englneor
   JSurvcying and Mapping
   ^Metallurgy 0 Mining
   J Steam Engineering O Bsdlo

  I Architect

  I Architects' Itlueprlnlj
  Contractor and Builder
  lArcWtecUJrsl Draftsman
  JConcrcto Builder
  jotural Engineer
  [Chemistry y Pharmacy

  Airplane Engines
  Agriculture and Poultry

  Name.....

   Street

   Address..

                          ■State..

Occupation.............................................................................

Jl you retteo in Ganoin, send Vii* coupon to the Intnna-
tional Corrciponicnco School* Canadian LimiXti, Uontrec.'.

AMAZING STORIES

 turned and fled helter-skelter into the
 trees; and when Montgomery and Mo-
 reau were at a distance I judged suffi-
 cient, I waded ashore, and picked up
 and examined the revolvers* To satis-
 fy myself against the subtlest trickery,

 I	discharged one at a round lump of
 lava, and had the satisfaction of seeing
 the stone pulverised and the beach
 splashed with lead. Still I resitated
 for a moment.

 “I’ll take the risk,” said I, at last;
 and with a revolver in each hand I
 walked up the beach towards them.

 “That’s better,” said Moreau, with-
 out affectation. “As it is, you have
 wasted the best part of my day with
 your confounded imagination.” And
 with a touch of contempt which humili-
 ated me, he and Montgomery turned
 and went on in silence before me.

 The knot of Beast Men, still wonder-
 ing stood back among the trees. I
 passed them as serenely as possible.
 One started to follow me, but retreated
 again when Montgomery cracked his
 whip. The rest stood silent—watch-
 ing. They may once have been ani-
 mals; but I never before saw an animal
 trying to think.

 (To be continued in November issue)
 LULLABY

 By LELAND S. COPELAND

 Hush, little nebula,

 Don’t you cry;

 You’ll be a blue star
 By and by.

 Color will alter—

 Gold, red, and black,

 One after another,

 Will garnish your back.

 Kiddies called planets

 Will spring from your side.

 Curling and whirling,

 World-stuff will ride.

 Round a vast circle,

     Performing a year;

 Heat must go etherward,

 Cool lands appear.

 Life soon will follow—

 Amceba and worm;

 Dinosaur, mammoth,

 And Brain for a terra.

 Warring and slaying,

 Fighting for mates,

 Brain must live stories
 Of loves and of hates.

Wisdom will triumph,

 War lords must die,

 Happiness triple,

     For Brain can go high.

 Planet on planet,

      Will crash—but don’t sigh;
      Again you’ll be nebula
      By and by.

 BUSH TERMINAL PRINTING CORPORATION, BROOKLYN, N. Y.

OPPORTUNITY
AD-LETS

         This column will appear monthly
      iu AMAZING STORIES. Follow it
      regularly and rcceive news of attrac-
      tive offers from reliable advertisers.
      Rite—pix ccnts a word. 10% dis-
      count for 6 issues and 20% for 12
      issues. Cash should accompany all
      advertisements unless placed by an
      accredited advertising agency. Ad-
      vertisements for less than 10 words
      not accepted.

Experimenter Publishing Co.
53 Park Place, New York City

AGENTS WANTED

 $75 WEEKLY. MAN OR WOMAN WANT-
ED with ambition and industry, to distribute Raw*
leigh’s Household Products to steady users. Sev-
eral fine openings in nearby cities and towns. Wc
train and help you so you can make up to $100 a.
week or more. _ No experience necessary. Pleasant,
profitable, dignified work. Write to-day. W. T.
Rawleigh Co., Dept. NY7453, Freeport, III.

  Free Book. Start little Mail Order business.
Pier, 72-M, Cortland Street, N. Y.

  Amazing invention mends socks, shirt« sheets
and thousand other articles. Banishes darning and
sewing. Sells on sight. 50% to 200% profit. Free
outfit. Nu-Way Laboratories, Desk 30, Jit. Heal-
thy, Ohio.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

   Used correspondence school courses. All kinds.
Snld on repurchase basis. Big saving. Money hack
guarantee. Lists free. (Courses bought). Lee
Mountain, Pisgab, Alabama.

HELP WANTED

  EARN $110 to $250 niouthly, expenses paid as
Railway Traffic Inspector. We secure position for
you after completion of 3 months’ hoitie study
coursc or money refunded. Excellent opportuni-
ties. Write for Free Booklet G-214, Stand. Busi
ness Training Inst., Buffalo, N. Y.

MISCELLANEOUS

  MACHINE work of any kind wanted by well
equipped shop. The Greavcs-Klusmau Tool Co.,
Cincinnati, O.

      MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS

  CORNETISTS—Trombonists— Saxophonists —
Clarinetists. Get "Free Pointers." Name instru-
ment Virtuoso School, Dept T, Buffalo, N. Y.

OLD COINS

  WANTED—Old coins (Indian head) pennies:
big prices paid; stamp for circular. Laine, Dept.
B, 4104 Michigan, Chicago.

SONG POEMS_

Song Poem writers*—Send for proposition.' Ray
Hibhcler, D165. 2104 N. Keystone Ave.. Chicago

  I WANT Song Pocms.~ Casper Nathan, N-35-U
North Racine, Chicago,

VENTRILOQUISM

 VENTRILOQUISM TAUGHT ALMOST
ANYONE at home. Small cost Scud 2c stamp
today for particulars and proof. GEO. W.
SMITH, Room S'121, 125 North Jefferson, Peoria,
Illinois.
SPECIAL SUBSCRIPTION OFFER!

This Handsome VALET
Auto-Strop Razor FREE
-with every five months’
subscription to—

j

The big Book of Scientific Events,

             Magic, Novelties,
Practical Developments
from every corner of
the world!

RADIO

NEWS

 RADIO NEWS is the
largest radio magazine pub-
lished. It is the outstanding
authority in the radio field,
carrying more new develop-
ments, more hookups and more
news than any other radio
magazine.

  RADIO NEWS carries in
every issue more than a dozen
separate departments that cover
every angle of the great indus-
try from the beginner to the
professional broadcaster or ship
operator.

  You can subscribe to “Radio
News” for 5 months for $1 and
also receive a VALET Auto-
Strop Razor Free. This is a big
opportunity—Don’t miss it.
SEE COUPON BELOW.

/

IN order to acquaint the readers of this boOk with SCIENCE and
INVENTION, we are making, for a limited time, special
reduced rates and are also giving FREE one complete VALET
Auto-Strop Razor shown above.

  For only $1 (Regular Newstand price $1.25) you can obtain this
magazine for five months and also, one FREE Razor—

  This shaving outfit consists of a highly-polished, nickel-plated, self-
stropping Razor; one blade, leather strop especially prepared. The
razor case is of metal, finished in maroon, crystalizcd effect. Lined
throughout with velvet, harmonizing with the pleasing color scheme
of the entire package.

  The only razor in the world that sharpens its own blades.

  SCIENCE and INVENTION thoroughly covers every important
and interesting event of the scientific or inventive world that occurs
from day to day. All of the latest developments in Electrics, Patents,
Chemistry, Mechanics, Magic and Psychic Phenomena, Automotive
Subjects, etc., are written up and illustrated. This fascinating
magazine also makes a big hit with the radio beginner. In every issue
the sound practical fundamentals of radio are carefully and com-
pletely explained and simplified.

PIN A SI BILL, MONEY ORDER OR CHECK TO THIS
COUPON

A. S. 10

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO.. Inc.

53 PARK PLAGE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

     Gentlemen, enclosed is $1 for 5 months’ subscription to
□ SCIENCE and INVENTION or □ RADIO NEWS. You
arc also to send me one complete razor as advertised FREE.

n

    Name

Address ..
Citv, State

The coupon is for your convenience, clip it today and
pin a $1 bill, money order, or check to it. Fill out the
Coupon with your complete name and address NOW.

Experimenter Publishing Co.

INC.

53 Park Place

New Ycrk, N. Y.
Underwi

A Bargain You Can’t Ignore!
TryJtfree, and See!

Shipman-Ward Mfg. Company

          GET YOUR typewriter now.
          A genuine Shipman-Ward re-
          built Underwood is the one you
          want—“the machine you will
          eventually buy!” Every-
          one needs it; now anyone
          can afford it. Don't send
          a cent—but do get our big
          special offer—our valuable
          book on typewriters and
          typewriti ng—free.

  You can learn to write on this standard-
keyboard machine in one day. A week after
the expressman has brought it, you'd feel
lost without it. A trial will prove it—and
doesn’t cost you a penny!

       A New Plan

  Our rebuilt plan gives you the best machine
and saves you a lot of money.

  The Underwood is so famous a make,
and No. 5 so popular a model, you’ll have
to speak up if you want one of the lot we are
just completing now!

  We rebuild from top to bottom; replace
every single wimpart; each machine is in
sparkling condition. New typewriters are
commonly guaranteed for a year; we guar-
antee these completely rebuilt Underwoods

                    ********** * * * *
                    *

                                      *

                    ********** * * * *
                    five years: That’s our Bctter-Than-New
                    Guarantee! And we guarantee a big saving
                    in money!

                                          We don’t ask for a cent now. Nor any
                                          money at all, unless you are completely won
                                          by the wonderful writing machine we ship
                                          you for an unrestricted 10-day free trial.
                                          When you do buy, take advantage of our very
                                          liberal scale of monthly payments. A host
                                          of our patrons have paid for their typewriters
                                          out of money made typing work for others.
                                          (One women made a thousand dollars at
                                          home last year with her Underwood.)

  If you know typewriters, you know the
  perfect work and die ease and speed of
  an Undcnvood. If you have never owned
  i inuti «.vr tooi ompinun xjuiiumg, \Mtvago • a typewriter, - start with the finest! One
  Please send me full offer, with Type Writing Man- J ,at 'P11 latSt Y™ ?” 5-OUr .life! But,

  I ual I'KEE, prices, terms, etc., ant! full information I	*ime to act IS NOW. Don t

  I about your FREE course in touch Typewriting. I miss out On this present bargain
  All without obi,gallon; tins is NOT an order I	offer. Don’t do longer without the

 I Name	| convenience of a typewriter.

 | St. or R. F. D.................... ..................................j Free Trial Offer

 p. O........................................State.................. . 0ur p'an gives you the opportun-

 L_____________! ity of a thorough trial before you

J22

**************

*

Act NOW If Ever !

************
buy. You run no risk whatever. You star1
to pay for your typewriter after you have
found it the one and only machine for
you! But get the facts before this lot of
machines is all in use. Clip the information
coupon before you turn the page. It will pay
you! Note the very useful book you receive
free! Write for full particulars at once.

    Get our catalog that tells how we rebuild
  these wonderful Underwood typewriters in
  the largest factory of its kind in the world,
  and lowest prices and terms in existence.

   We will also include free, the new Type
       Writer Manual—it gives many examples and
       samples of uses for your typewriter:
       in business accounts, social correspon-
       dence, recipes, shopping lists, house
       hold accounts, etc.; school work; liter-
       ary work, etc. Clip coupon now!

 is a genuine
 Machine
 of them ALL