60 Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil neglected clinic and a pipe to aid him in piecing together his new information. Two old crooks, eh, he ruminated, when his work was done. Two old pals injured in a premature explosion while cracking a safe. Remarkable, most re- markable! And the dumb man--who is he ? Where does he enter the combi- nation ? It was quite a while before the answer occurred to him, and when it did he almost chuckled at the picture presented. "Ideal," he muttered aloud. "Ideal. An ideal combination among men so vicious they cannot even trust each other. One man can't see, another can't hear and the third can't speak. No one of them competent to act alone. The combination is ideal, but I wonder how the dumb man talks to the blind man," and puzzling over this he cast a queer glance at one of his bronzes and went to bed to wait for the promised meet- ing on the morrow. It was a long, dreary wait as he paced back and forth about the blind man's post, first on one side of the street and then on the other, but finally he made out the tall form of the deaf crook crossing the street in the same careless fashion as before, to the evident dis- tress of a slighter, shorter man, who tugged at his arm in efforts to trans- mit the warnings of traffic peril. The watching physician had identified Dummy even before he was close enough to show that his right-hand coat pocket was missing. Deafy and Dummy halted before Goggles, and again the pretense of searching pockets for coins was gone through with. Apparently there was some brief word from the taller of the pair, because the blind man stiffened in anger and began to speak rapidly. Deafy lingered for a moment and then, with an impatient toss of his head, stepped away from a conversation he could not hear and glared suspiciously at the pair from a position on the curb. It was dangerous for Porter to at- tempt to overhear what the blind man was saying. Anyway, he knew from the conversation of the day before just about what it would be, but curiosity held him for a minute's risk. He wanted to see how the dumb man would reply. The finger code would be useless before sightless eyes, and he was sure the man really could not speak. The passers-by undoubtedly noticed nothing unusual, but the expert in hu- man disabilities saw it in a glance and scolded himself for having even puzzled over the method. It was no miracle, but most unusual, except among those long in intimate association. It was re- markable, because these men were ap- parently comparative strangers. Dummy merely placed his hand over that of Goggles, who held it out for him, and pressed, tapped and squeezed in the code such as is used by Miss Helen Keller and her mentor. The physician understood at once, but was amazed at what he saw. How could these two men become adept at this in- tricate system with but apparently a very short opportunity for practice? Undoubtedly, the usual method of com- munication among the trio was by words from the deaf man to either the blind or the dumb, by words from the blind man to the dumb man and by fingers from the blind man to the deaf man, by fingers from the dumb man to the deaf man and through him to the blind man by words. Their whole as- sociation seemed built up on the neces- sity of the three being together when they conferred with any ease, and hence he wondered at this apparent profi- ciency in an unusual code. At length, while he waited at a safe distance for the conversation to end, he recalled something in his experience which solved the problem. These men 