126 The New Mystery Books (Continued from page 124) matic situations that follow each other hot-footed are too improbable to be taken seriously. Bad as was "The Perils of Pauline," it was yet a mas- terpiece compared with this story. I can't even recommend this novel as a suitable Christmas present for a miserly uncle. IV Lister's Great Adventure, by Har- old Bindloss.--A story that starts with an elopement in Canada and ends with a treasure hunt on the West African Coast. Of course the hero must find the treasure in order to win the girl. Lost treasure stories are always in- triguing, and this is no exception. There is plenty of excitement, and the hero has enough daring courage to equip a dozen men, which makes you take a grain of salt at the end of every chapter. V The Cross-Cut, by Courtney Ryley Cooper.--Again we have the Easterner going West to take charge of a silver mine in the wilds of Colorado. The usual villain, the usual struggle to gain possession of the mine, the usual sus- picion of crime hovering over the hero, and the usual obstacles to overcome. Not a thing in this whole story that is the least bit original. VI The Unlighted House, by James Hay, Jr.--In this detective story we have something more to claim our at- tention than the usual murder mystery. A United States Senator loses from his overcoat pocket some valuable state papers. Of course there is a murder connected with the missing papers, and a Sherlock Holmes detective who finally solves the mystery. Not a bad yarn, but still not new or clever enough to make me want to throw my hat in the air with enthusiasm. VII The Three Eyes, by Maurice Le- blanc.---A powerful mystery story that is as good as anything the creator of Arsene Lupin has written. It deals with the unique and terrifying discov- ery of an aged inventor, and its disas- trous consequences to those having knowledge of its secret. The plot is rather fresh and novel, and there is a delightful love story. A good book to read. VIII Devil Stories, an Anthology, edited by Maximilian J. Rudwin.--To me one of the most interesting anthologies yet published. If you are at all thrilled by the supernatural, and have a secret de- sire to know something about that most mysterious of personalities, the Prince of Darkness, here are enough yarns to tickle your fancy. The editor has se- lected twenty well-written stories, all of which have the Devil as their central character. Fascinating reading, and well worth your time. A book that would not be out of place in your library. IX The House of Night, by Leslie Howard Gordon.--This is a hectic tale of the Mexican-Arizona border. One of the craftiest officers of the famous Villa kidnaps the beautiful daughter of a rich rancher. Of course he does not reckon with the fearless hero who "loves her deeply." There's the plot, and what happens takes up the whole of the novel. Enough guerilla warfare to break the dull monotony of a win- ter's evening. 