Thornton Smiled Significantly By David Morrison I THERE is a--lady outside who wishes to see you. There is a Jman with her." "What's the name?" Thorn- ton asked, visibly annoyed at the un- timely intrusion. "She would give no name. She said you would not know her. She seems very anxious to see you." Thornton reflected a few moments. It was rather early for callers, and he had been about to dictate his morning mail. He resented the visit, but, for some reason he could not fathom, he felt a slight curiosity as to the identity of his callers. He turned suddenly to his secretary. "Show them in, Miss Armstrong, please." As the pair entered, Thornton's curi- osity was increased. The woman was about thirty years of age and strikingly attractive. She was expensively gowned and bore all the earmarks of wealth, but her com- panion was rather shabbily dressed and impressed one as a servant of the wo- man. The woman entered first, the man following behind her slowly, al- most timidly. Thornton noticed that he clutched in his hand a large, square, box-like affair covered with black cloth. "Mr. Thornton?" the woman gushed, advancing with a friendliness that was almost brazen. Thornton arose, wonderingly. "I'm afraid you have the advantage of me." "I am Miss Bender--Miss Ruth Bender," the caller beamed. "I'm sorry if I've chosen a busy moment to in- trude, but I'm sure you will pardon me when the nature of my visit is made known." Thornton motioned his visitor to a seat, and, as she drew up a chair, looked up questioningly at her companion. She seemed to have forgotten the man, and she now turned toward him in sud- den remembrance. "Just take a chair, Mr. Parker," she said, making no move to introduce her companion, who was standing some few feet away, gazing stupidly about the room and shifting from one foot to the other. He made no effort to put down the cloth-covered object he was holding. At the sound of the woman's voice, the man turned dully, found a chair and sat down, making no move to draw the chair closer, evidently not considering himself a party to the conference. He held the black box on his lap and seemed to handle it with extraordinary care. The woman turned to Thornton. "I suppose you're wondering at the reason for my call," she began. Thornton smiled, non-committally. "It's something of the greatest impor- tance," the stranger continued, "so I chose a time when I thought we would be least likely to be interrupted. It's of a very confidential nature. We will not be disturbed ?" Thornton found himself wondering just what it was about the woman that he did not like, but she had now aroused his curiosity and he determined to give 83 