14 The Prisoner Speaks "Did you ever receive letters from her?" "No." "Not a single letter?" "No." "Did you ever write letters to her?" "No." "Not even one?" "Not even one." "Your eyesight is good, Mr. Rag- gan ?" "Yes, reasonably so." "You do not have to use glasses to read ?" "No." "Nor to distinguish and identify or- dinary objects at the normal distance for reasonably good eyesight ?" "No. I enjoy normal vision." "I show you these notes that I have been making. Can you, at this distance, distinguish the handwriting sufficiently to recognize it if you were familiar with its individual characteristics?" "What are you driving at?" "Never mind what I am 'driving at' --just now. Answer my question, please. Can you see this writing clearly ?" "I suppose so--yes." "Good. I now show you a letter written in an even larger and more dis- tinct hand. Can you see the writing?" "I ref--. Yes, I can see the writing." "Do you recognize it?" "How do you mean, 'recognize' it?" "Is it the handwriting of anyone you know ?" "Possibly. I cannot be sure." "Are your eyes troubling you at this moment, Mr. Raggan?" "No. What of it? Of course they are not." "I am relieved to hear that your sight is not suddenly impaired; that they have not suffered any sudden shock. I thought--but, to save time and so not weary the jury unduly, I now step closer to you and hold this letter as near to you as I can without placing it with- in your reach. Now can you recognize the handwriting--sufficiently to tell the jury who, in your opinion, might have written this letter?" "It looks familiar." "How familiar? Whose handwrit- ing, with which you are familiar, does it resemble?" "It--it looks like my own." "Ah, now we are progressing. Did you, Randolph Raggan, write this letter which I hold in my hand?" "I don't know." "You do not know whether you wrote a letter in a hand that 'looks like' your own? In a hand of markedly individ- ual characteristics, such as yours?" "I could not say that I did or did not write it--not without reading it. It might be a forgery." "You are right, Mr. Raggan, it might be a forgery, but it is not, as I think you will acknowledge sooner or later. To prove a forgery, as to prove a mur- der, it generally is necessary to prove a motive for the crime. And I cannot conceive of anyone having any motive to forge the contents of this letter. So again I ask you: Did you write this letter ?" "It isn't signed with my name." "Your eyesight, Mr. Raggan, is truly remarkable. I have not shown you the end of this letter, purposely did not do so, and yet you are able to say that it is not signed with your name. How do you know that it is not--supposing your assertion is correct?" "I didn't sign it." "Oh! So you recognize this letter, this particular and individual letter, with sufficient certainty to remember that you refrained from signing it?" "Nothing of the sort! You are twisting my meaning!" "If I am it is without intent, and I beg your pardon. But you have not replied to my question." 