The Dark Brown Dress 93 "These unfortunate people have been ill. Fifteen minutes ago a telegram came for Mr. Brentore, and, as they did not answer the phone, I, myself, came up to see what was the matter. I found them dead, Mrs. Brentore in the chair here, and Mr. Brentore on the settee by the window." Out of the corner of my eye I saw that Grover had caught up with us and was standing in the doonvay. "What was the doctor's verdict?" asked Meroe of Barhart at this point. "That they both had died of heart trouble, perhaps after having eaten a very heavy meal," he replied. "Oh, but they were not present in the dining-room at dinner time," interrupted one of the guests. Meroe beckoned to Grover. "Mr. Barhart, this man occupies a room on the sixth floor of the Buck- minster, very nearly opposite these win- dows. Yesterday afternoon he saw Mr. and Mrs. Brentore in the positions in which you have informed me they were found this morning. Early this morn- ing he saw them in the same position. He rushed here to notify you. Your janitor laughed at him, called him crazy, and refused to let him wake you. I am. sorry, Mr. Barljart, but I will have to ask all of you to remain in this room until I have investigated the situation a little more closely. . . The telephone girl stepped forward and held up her hand. "Lee Harmon, the janitor, has disap- peared," she said. "He was seen by Miss Lougee, the night operator, at about six. Shortly after that there was a call for him about a water fixture, but he was not to be found." Just then the doctor stepped forth from the bedroom. "These gentlemen are here under the impression that a crime has been com- mitted," said Barhart, with a sweep of the hand toward the three of us. "And perhaps--perhaps we are wrong," said Grover, with his rasping voice. "I was the one who suggested the idea. I was very suspicious and con- sulted Mr. Meroe immediately, know- ing that he, if anyone, could throw light on the subject. But--but perhaps I was over-hasty--yes, perhaps I was over- hasty. ..." y "There is every evidence of a natural death," said the doctor. "You are sure there were no marks of violence?" asked Meroe. "Absolutely, Mr. Meroe. I have ex- amined the bodies very carefully. Be- sides, they were found in a peaceful position, one in the chair and one on the settee. This would hardly indicate a death by violencet No, the deaths were undoubtedly caused by heart failure al- though I am at a loss to know the exact nature of this heart failure. There is a total lack of other indications." "Does it not strike you as odd, doc- tor," said Meroe, "that the two deaths should have occurred simultaneously?" "At first, yes. But on second thought, no," he replied. "They were both in a weak condition, and, in sitting convers- ing with each other, as was evidently the case, if one were to die suddenly, it would not be unnatural that the shock of the discovery should cause heart failure in the other." Meroe shook his head doubtfully. "And you are absolutely certain that they were not poisoned?" he asked. "No. I am not absolutely certain that they were not poisoned," was the reply. "But I will" assist in performing an autopsy this morning, if you wish." "Please make arrangements to do that," said Meroe. "And I will notify the coroner at once. And, by the way, doctor, Mr. Barhart informs me that Mr. and Mrs. Brentore had been ill. May I ask what was the nature of that illness ?" "That I do not know, Mr. Meroe. 