Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil 63 only talk about it like other men. Being dumb he was at a great disadvantage, and, also, he would like to tell a couple of--- exactly what he thought of them in plain words. This in itself, he declared profanely, would be worth a great deal to him. Each of the three men had stipu- lated that there should be no publicity about the cases. No one was to know they were under treatment. They each announced a great desire to "surprise their friends" and insisted upon ar- rangements for their visits at hours when they would not be seen by other patients. To these stipulations, Drs. Robertson and Porter finally agreed as a special concession, although Dr. Por- ter knocked what little professional dig- nity Dr. Robertson had been able to acquire completely out of him as he slapped him on the back in token of great and complete satisfaction. IV On each of the three cases "Dr. Moore" worked patiently and pains- takingly. He soon lost all fear of de- tection as the man whose house had been robbed. If the three crooks re- membered the name of their victim, it was apparently only as "some doctor" and there were thousands of doctors. All of his expert training in his profes- sion he applied to the work of really restoring these three men to the full use of their faculties, and all of the skill in reading human character, gleaned from his long years of practice, he de- voted to extracting and piecing together their secrets. He worked as physician and psychologist combined. Both processes were tedious, but combined required only -a couple of weeks altogether after the men had fully surrendered their confidence to him and his energetic young assistant, who in the casual conversational man- ner of the competent physician did most of the real questioning. That they learned anything like all of the truth neither of them believed for a moment. That all they did learn was true was another premise they re- jected. But, trying and testing each statement gleaned, comparing and matching it to others to see if it fitted, and putting the whole "jig-saw puzzle" together, they felt that they had at least the framework of a section of the lives of these three crooks and the clue to their strange association. As Dr. Porter had originally de- duced, the three were ex-convicts. Deafy and Goggles had been friends for years and went to Sing Sing for the same burglary. At that time both men were in full possession of their senses. They had become acquainted with Dummy, sentenced for some petty crime, while in prison--attracted to him by his infirmity, which lent a sort of morbid diversion to a drab existence. Through this association they perfected their knowledge of the silent codes of which they already had a smattering, and formed a friendship with a prom- ise of an offensive and defensive alli- ance when they should be again "outside." The release of Goggles and Deafy came first, and they at once set about making up for lost time, forgetting their silent pal, victim of an attack of scarlet fever, after the manner of their kind. Goggles was a wonder with safes. He could open almost any of them, it seems, by merely listening to t-he click of the tumblers as he turned the knob of the combination. Deafy was sup- posed to be the "soup" expert--the man who used a drill and a bottle of nitro- glycerine upon such boxes as resisted the skill of his companion. They had a most prosperous time of it for a month or two, baffling the po- lice, obtaining their fill of adventure 