The Weeping Killer 31 there was considerable surprise when the leader of the "Woodchucks" was sentenced to death for murder. Every resource was assembled to prevent his execution and obtain his freedom and these weapons had triumphed. They had brought back their leader but found they had only a weakling in his stead. Why, there had been tears in his eyes when the verdict of his acquittal was read in court. Twice he had been seen faltering in his step as he came from the loft building in which the "Woodchucks" had their clubroom. He started at the slightest sound of anything like a pistol shot. And--worst of all--he refused to carry a gun. That was the situation during two weeks following the old leader's return. Then, on a Sunday morning, Terence Moriarity, bright-eyed, square of shoul- der, spring in his step and a smile on his face, had gleefully pummeled two new members of the gang who ac- cidentally blocked his path, hurled a bottle through a clubroom window and undisputedly resumed his sway. The night before, as all of the world that mattered to him well knew, Jeff Hardy had screamed Moriarity's name as he died and the old leader had auto- matically been crowned anew. It did not matter so much to the "Woodchucks" how Hardy had died. That was a matter for the police to find out. The police did--to their own satis- faction at least--but Moriarity merely smiled at the sensation their theories caused. He still refused to carry a gun but he still led the "Woodchucks," more feared and respected than he ever was and with confidence that his path of glory need not lead a man of intel- ligence again to the death house. Jeff Hardy's body had been found at the bottom of the elevator shaft in the old loft building in which his gang oc- cupied a portion of an upper floor. Without doubt he had fallen or been hurled six stories to the concrete pit below. That he had not committed sui- cide was certain. There was no reason why he should in the first place and in the second place two reliable witnesses swore they had heard him cry "Damn you, Moriarity," as he fell. Moriarity had been arrested, of course, but released almost at once, be- cause policemen as well as eminently respectable citizens had seen him a block away from the building at the same time that Hardy's scream was heard by the night watchman and ele- vator man of the building. It had taken some time to drag Hardy's body from the pit and identify it. This caused a delay, but even at that the police admitted they probably would have been unable to make out a case against the old leader no matter how rapidly they worked. Captain Bush, who knows probably as much about gangsters and gang poli- tics as any police officer in the city, had ordered the arrest of Moriarity as soon as he heard of Hardy's death. He did that even before he knew that the old leader was the last man seen with the new chieftain. He was also the one who recommended the discharge of the prisoner the next morning. "There are more ways than one of killing a cat," Captain Bush remarked philosophically to some of his news- paper friends, "and the law doesn't keep up with all of them." "But you admit Hardy was alone when he fell down the elevator shaft," persisted one of his questioners. "Why do you think he was killed ?" "He was killed as surely as Terence is again king of the Woodchucks," re- plied the police veteran. "He was killed because Moriarity had lost his nerve. He was killed in the way he was be- cause of the long nights Moriarity had spent in the death house, by a man who knew that if Hardy was killed by a shot 