The Dark Brown Dress 95 "His only recommendation was from --well, now, that's funny! It hadn't struck me before--his only recommen- dation was from Dr. Kramer." "Hm! I see. Well, how long have Mr. and Mrs. Brentore been guests at the Claridge?" "Three years this next month." "And how long has Dr. Kramer been attending them?" "Just this fall. Before that I do not believe they were in need of medical advice. If so, it did not come under my observation." "And Mr. and Mrs. Brentore were quite wealthy?" "Very wealthy, Mr. Meroe." "As soon as the coroner arrives, Mr. Barhart, I will leave to make some fur- ther investigations of my own. I will return at two o'clock. Please see that all the available witnesses are present." "And--you are still of the opinion that a crime has been committed, Mr. Meroe?" "I would rather not answer that, Mr. Barhart, until I have received the coro- ner's statement. . . . And, Mr. Gro- ver, there is nothing to keep you now, but inasmuch as you are one of the chief witnesses I shall ask you to be present at two this afternoon." "Really, you know," he rasped, "per- haps I have been over-hasty. I would not wish to be the cause of unnecessary trouble by suggesting that a crime had been committed when--when--" "You were certainly the early bird this time, Mr. Meroe," chuckled a voice in the doorway. It was the coroner. II At the office of the Braymore, which was next door to the Buckminster, Meroe made inquiries about Dr. Kramer. He had occupied room number seventy- five on the seventh floor for two months ; was not seen very often; was in the habit of spending long hours, sometimes days, in his room with the door locked, and had been known to refuse to answer messages or telephone calls. They knew nothing whatsoever of his practice, were not even sure that he possessed one. The last seen of him was the afternoon be- fore, when he had returned to his room after having been away for two or three hours. There was an automatic elevator in the Braymore. This we took to the seventh floor. We knocked at the door of seventy-five, but there was no answer. We tried to open it, but it was locked. Meroe called a maid. "Dr. Kramer does not permit us to enter his room unless he calls us, sir," she said, but handed him the pass key. The door was bolted from the inside and would not open. "I think," said Meroe, "that we can get in through the window, if you will let us into a room which opens out onto the roof of the Buckminster. There is no space between the two buildings." He was not mistaken. After climbing out of room seventy-two we encircled a small court and came to the window of Dr. Kramer's room, which was closed but unfastened. Inside there was nothing--absolutely nothing belonging to Dr. Kramer. The drawers were open and crumpled paper littered the floor, as if he had packed very hurriedly. "So Dr. Kramer has disappeared, too," muttered Meroe. Outside, Meroe handed me the tele- gram which had been sent to Mr. Bren- tore. It was from Brattlenook, New Jersey, and dated November the twenty- ninth. "Evidently you did not receive for- mer telegram," it read. "Latimer dis- appeared four months ago in face of heavy debts. Advise you retract will immediately." 