104 In Full Payment lake was odd. Gifted with the Orien- tal's ability to penetrate to another's moods, he saw clearly beneath West- lake's mask of nonchalance. He saw that the man was unhappy--unspeak- ably so. And not knowing that the cause was Lady Miriam's indifference and neglect, he was possessed with a measure of contempt for his father's friend. To a Chinaman, possession of a de- sirable woman is more than nine points of the law. It is the law complete. How, then, could a man married to Lady Miriam, living in the same house with her, privileged to enjoy the thou- sand and one intimacies of such living, dare to be anything but overwhelmingly joyous? Did it not augur a lack of taste and appreciation for so enviable a being to be unhappy ? Nevertheless Chu Kwong, bound by filial devotion, never lost sight of the fact that it was to this Englishman that his father owed his life. And always his eyes were open, seeking here, seek- ing the opportunity to pay his father's debt. And it came about that one afternoon he called at the Westlake house to es- cort Lady Miriam to a sale at Christies. The servant put him in the little draw- ing-room behind which was Westlake's library. For a little Chu Kwong sat beside the window looking out into the quiet street. Then growing restless, he rose and began pacing up and down the length of the room. As he neared the folding door leading to the library he heard voices. Matters of morals and good taste vary greatly. A Chinaman can listen behind a closed door without forfeiting his self-respect. So Chu Kwong stood very still and listened. A man's voice that Chu Kwong had never heard before was speaking. " . . . and from there we'll take native boats to the river's source. The shooting is bound to be good. Will you come, Gregory?" And Westlake replied: "Sorry, old chap. Like to and all that. But I--I can't." There was silence for a minute. Then the strange voice broke out, its tones impatient: "I know what it is. I think that you are hugging your misery to your heart. Forgive me for speaking like this, Gregory, but--well, damn it all, I hate to see a good chap come a cropper be- cause a petticoat can't see he's the finest man on two continents." There was the sound of a chair being pushed back, followed by an exclama- tion from Westlake: "Gad, man, it isn't pretty, is it--to see your pal making all kinds of an ass of himself!" He laughed. Then his voice became serious. "But truly you don't understand. No man could who hadn't been in the same boat. Miriam is in my blood-- like that damnable African fever. And you can't get rid of it and you can't forget it--ever. I know I'm not wanted here: wouldn't even be missed if I trekked anywhere, but---well, I can't go-" "See here," he went on after a short pause, "to no other man on earth would I tell these things. Do you know that sometimes I am almost ready to pray for Miriam's death, so that once irrevo- cably separated from her I can pull my- self together and be my own -man again." Then someone entered the library and the conversation ceased. That evening Chu Kwong sat long and motionless, absorbed in his thoughts. Knowledge, ideas, sugges- tions that had come to him from hear- 