Thornton Smiled Significantly 87 face, Thornton could understand how some women sold their souls for less expensive baubles. II Promptly at ten-thirty the next morning, Miss Bender called and was ushered immediately into Thornton's private office. Thornton nodded a pleasant greeting and offered her a chair. He noticed a large envelope in her hand and surmised that it contained the photograph. He glanced up at her expectantly. "I have good news, Mr. Thornton," Miss Bender smiled, "that is, good news if you look at it from my viewpoint." "You succeeded in getting a good photograph ?" "Excellent! It could not be clearer!" He found himself wondering why he was able to joke so pleasantly with this woman, who had so easily tricked him and then laughed at his stupidity. "Now, would you mind giving me your proposition in detail, Miss--" "There is nothing that I did not tell you yesterday, Mr. Thornton," she in- terrupted. "I have the photograph here which my assistant took yesterday. It is a first class likeness of yourself, hold- ing me in your arms. I believe it should be worth at least five thousand dollars to you. If you don't agree with me, then I shall strike a bargain with Mrs. Thornton for it--and I'm sure it would interest her!" "And if I pay you this five thousand dollars, what is to prevent you from--" "I'll give you the negative also, and my word of honor that I shall make no further attempt to use the incident against you." Thornton smiled at the reference to her "word of honor." "You realize, I suppose," he said, slowly and with emphasis, "that this is pure blackmail?" "Please don't use that word, Mr. Thornton!" the woman returned, mock- ingly. "There are so many nicer ways of expressing it." "Would you mind allowing me to see what I am asked to pay such a sum of money for ?" Thornton said, changing the subject abruptly. His visitor obligingly produced the photograph and handed it over. From the attitude of the two in the picture, it certainly would be conclusive evi- dence in any divorce court. Thornton gazed at it a few moments, smiling enigmatically, then turned to his desk and picked up a large envelope. Plac- ing the photograph inside, he silently addressed the envelope and sealed it. His visitor scented trickery. "Just a reminder, Mr. Thornton, that you haven't paid for the photograph yet, and another reminder that I still have the negative and can make as many duplicates as I choose." Thornton made no reply, but turned and faced the door leading into his outer office. "Have you everything so far, Miss Armstrong?" he asked, without raising his voice. The woman turned quickly, on her guard, but she saw no one. The man at the desk was evidently talking to the wall. She glanced hurriedly about the office, then turned and stared wonder- ingly at Thornton. Three short, sharp knocks sounded on the outer door. Thornton smiled. "You may cut the wires now, Miss Armstrong, please," he said pleasantly. Two short knocks sounded on the door, in answer to his instructions. Thornton turned to his caller. "Now, Miss--Bender, is it?--I want to thank you for the photograph and compli- ment you on the excellence of the work." The woman's lips curled in contempt, 