The Dark Brown Dress 97 project. He had originally been a jew- eler of no great repute, forced to strug- gle to make food and clothing above the rent of the shop. Three years ago he sold his business and retired with his wife to this suite at the Claridge to live until old age should overtake them, which they did not expect would be very many years. "The nearest relative to either of them was an elder sister of Mr. Bren- tore, who died in Brattlenook, New Jer- sey, leaving a grown son by the name of Roderick Latimer. Of the character of this man I will not venture to speak other than that he took a great interest in the suddenly acquired fortune of his Uncle Brentore, whom he had never seen. "One day a man by the name of Dr. Kramer registered at the Hotel Bray- more. He was from Brattlenook, New Jersey. He called upon Mr. and Mrs. Brentore, telling them that their nephew, Roderick Latimer, was one of his best friends, and had asked him to call upon them. Mr. Brentore was immediately interested, for he had often wished to know more of this nephew than he had heard from his sister before her death. "One evening Dr. Kramer called again and found Mrs. Brentore indis- posed. He volunteered his services, say- ing that he had given up his practice upon leaving Brattlenook, but would be very glad to render service to either of them at any time it might be needed. Curiously enough, Mr. and Mrs. Bren- tore, from then on, became more and more in need of these services. Their health commenced to fail. As time went on there came a thought which very often comes to men of failing health who are burdened with wealth. He had not, made a will. Perhaps, yes, perhaps this was even suggested by Dr. Kramer. At least they talked together about this nephew who was Brentore's only rela- tive. "A decision was at hand. But he was evidently not satisfied with second- hand knowledge of this Latimer from one who had been a stranger until so recently. There was an old boyhood friend of Mr. Brentore's living in Brat- tlenook. His name was Goodnow. He telegraphed, asking Goodnow to look up Latimer and report results by wire. This was done, and the report received by Brentore was favorable, so he made an appointment with Harding, of the Mentor Building, to draw up the will. Then he telegraphed Goodnow to in- form Latimer of what he had done, and to ask him, Latimer, to come at his earli- est opportunity at his, Brentore's, ex- pense, for a short visit here at the Claridge. "That was yesterday. Goodnow sent a night letter to Brentore, which arrived this morning. In endeavoring to see that Mr. Brentore received this message, Mr. Barhart discovered both Mr. and Mrs. Brentore dead. I will read you the message. " 'Evidently you did not receive for- mer telegram. Latimer disappeared four months ago in face of heavy debts. Ad- vise you retract will immediately.' "Now Brentore had received a favor- able report, apparently from Goodnow. So you see the unfavorable telegram had been intercepted and the favorable one substituted. I found from Western Union that the correct telegram left their office. "Now at this point let me remind you that Dr. Kramer was seen to enter this room yesterday afternoon at four. That the janitor who came here a month ago with only Dr. Kramer's recommendation was seen to leave this room at about five. This morning it was discovered that the janitor had disappeared. And since then I have discovered something which may interest you--i. e., that Dr. Kramer has disappeared from his quarters at the Braymore!" B.M.--Dec.--7 