The Finishing Touch 35 this thing will cause. I realize that you will be shocked. I am asking your forgiveness. For four years I have suffered in silence, Jean, for our marriage was a bitter mistake. I did not love you. I realized it when it was too late. I've done my best to conceal the fact from you, but I know I could not go on living a lie much longer. I am taking the easiest way out. It is only just that I should suffer for my own sin. John. As he replaced the letter in its en- velope, Ridgely chuckled. He would place this missive in the man's pocket after he had fallen, and there was the motive all ready to satisfy the most critical. Scandal-loving eyes scanning Maury's past for sensational disclosures of his implied double life would not dwell too closely on the method of his taking off. Furnish-- He stiffened. The soft thud of mov- ing feet on the hard road reached his ears, growing steadily louder. He knew it was Maury. The moment had come! II Ridgely's hand closed resolutely over his automatic. Maury, he knew, was unarmed. He slipped soundlessly to the very edge of the copse and waited until the approaching form was only a few feet from his ambush. Then he sprang out, weapon leveled, barring the way. There was a startled oath as Maury caught sight of the ominous figure be- fore him. Ridgely's gruff command to throw up his hands was instantly obeyed. The surprise was complete. "Don't speak"--Ridgely rather hoped that his disguised voice would com- pletely mask his identity, but it didn't matter, really--"do as you're told. You are going to sleep for an hour or so while I clean you and make my get- away." "Really," Maury was regaining his nerve, "I haven't enough about me to make it worth your while--" "Shut up!" Ridgely's command was curt, as he advanced toward his victim, the deadly bottle in his gloved left hand. He extended it toward Maury. "Drink it," he growled, determinedly. Maury lowered one arm and took the bottle hesitatingly. "What is it?" he asked, falteringly. "Chloral hydrate, if you must know," responded Ridgely, in tones of well- feigned sulkiness. "Enough to put you out for a couple of hours. Knockout drops. Take your choice. Drink it, and go out for a couple of hours, or--" he waved the automatic suggestively, "go out for keeps." "Look here," began Maury, "I'll promise--" "Drink it!" Ridgely snapped, sav- agely. Without further parley Maury raised the bottle to his lips. It was only an instant, really, but to Ridgley, waiting anxiously, it seemed hours before the body crumpled to the roadway. Then, swiftly, he went to his victim, pocketing his automatic. His gloved hand in- serted the letter into Maury's pocket, he noted that the bottle was tightly gripped in the dead man's hand, and noiselessly he stole away from the place. A short cut through a little wood- land brought him out onto a main road. Without haste he wended his way toward the summer hotel. He was jubilant. Maury was out of his way. He had only to wait the proper moment to increase the ardor of his courting. He felt that the widow would lend an attentive ear. He passed no one on the road. Everything was coming his way. As he gained his room unobserved he was whistling softly. Not a pang of re- morse came to sear his conscience. Ridgely wasn't that kind. He turned in and slept like a top. He was awakened by a sharp knock- 