Fear 71 put us both in jail, if we were found out. He objected to putting his name to anything, but I convinced him of the big possibilities, and he said he would sign. You couldn't take a single chance with King, so I went to my office that night to get the agreement ready. I knew how to ug,e the typewriter, so I wrote it out. I made a carbon copy for myself. It was not eight o'clock the next morning when I reached my office. I was so anxious to get the deal started and through with I hadn't slept any, and I wanted to be down where things were going to happen. I was surprised to hear the typewriter clicking when I let myself in, and there was Brentwood. I wondered* what had brought him down so early, and he offered a pile of letters as a reason, so I felt satisfied. By nine o'clock King had signed the agreement, and when the market opened we started to work. You remember when C &amp; Q broke about 50 points. King and I made a fortune, but it broke Landis. He lost his head when he saw the market slipping, because most of his money had been tied up in C &amp; Q. He tried to hold it up, but we had our plans worked out too well. We sold short and I delivered Landis's stock until we could cover. We did all right. Landis lost his nerve with his money and shot himself. I was sorry, because I had liked him and he had a wife and a boy. But he had no business in the game anyway. I was glad he hadn't connected me with the break. No one else did either. About six months after Landis was dead I took over the business as Barnes and Company. I saved a little money out of the wreck for Mrs. Landis and she was comfortable. She was a fine woman and my little girl Lucia played and went to dancing school with her boy. Everything started out fine for me. Landis's conservative reputation helped me out then on account of the time we had been together and I had plenty of money to back up anything I started. I had every chance in the world. Then this hound Brentwood began. I had put him in charge of one of the departments in the new firm and he was making good. He had been there about three months when he came up to my house one night. He had been there before, at formal dinners once or twice when my wife had thought it necessary to entertain, but there had never been any friendship between us. This night he asked for me and came into the library. I was feeling pretty good. I had put over a fair-sized deal that day and dinner had been comfort- able. We didn't have any guests. I was surprised at the visit, but I didn't let on. I offered him a drink and a cigar. He refused the cigar and lighted one of his own cigarettes. Al- ways had 'em made for him, he told me. He didn't waste any remarks about the weather or my health. "When are you thinking of increasing the firm, Mr. Barnes?" he began. That surprised me. Nothing I had ever said to him had indicated any in- tention of taking in any partners. I didn't need any. All I needed was money and room. I had had two part- ners and I didn't want any more. Landis was dead and King, too, had died about a month before. Apoplexy, I believe. At first I started to bawl him out, but I thought better of it. Maybe he was trying to lead up to some idea with a joke. I had been with Landis too long and saw how much a man could lose by not listening to ideas. "Do you want to buy in?" I asked him. If he did have any scheme I was ready to listen to it in the hope it was worth while. He seemed to be surprised. He knew 