Thornton Smiled Significantly 85 as he fumbled with several little con- trivances on the mysterious box. He made no effort to advance closer to Thornton's desk. The woman leaned closer to Thorn- ton confidentially and whispered to him. "He's suspicious of everyone. He won't show you the complete details now, but you'll learn enough when you see it in operation. It will surprise you, I assure you!" The man was facing directly toward Thornton, as he fumbled in his pockets for an object which he laid on the top of the box. A false lid was raised, and Thornton could not see what the ob- ject was that the man placed on the box, for the upraised lid hid it from view. The man seemed to have trouble in working some of the mysterious parts, for he finally laid the box on the chair by his side, to give him entire freedom of both hands. He bent down over the box for a few seconds while he worked with something behind the upraised lid. Suddenly, the woman at Thornton's side uttered a half-smothered shriek and clasped her hand to her heart. Thorn- ton turned quickly in alarm. The wo- man's eyes were widely dilated for a moment, as if in extreme agony, then she suddenly slumped over in a faint. She would have fallen but Thornton quickly reached out his arm and caught her. He supported her in his arms while he looked up at the man. "Get me some water, quick! This woman has fainted!" The man seemed to grasp the situa- tion instantly, for he immediately turned and hurried toward the door leading into the outer office. As he did so, there was a sudden blinding flash of light from the mysterious box on the chair. Events in the next few moments happened with dramatic rapidity. The man turned suddenly at the flash of light, grabbed the mysterious box and hurried out of the office. The uncon- scious woman in Thornton's arms sud- denly revived, fixed her slightly disarrayed hat and gown, and arose to take her departure. She smiled amusedly at the thor- oughly mystified and dumbstruck Thornton. "I thank you so much for the audi- ence, Mr. Thornton," she smiled, "but I do not want to take up any more of your time than is absolutely necessary. We'll return at this time tomorrow-- with the photograph." "Photograph ?" Thornton repeated, the light of comprehension entering his eyes. "Yes, provided, of course, that it proves to be a good one. If it should not turn out clearly enough, we won't bother you again." "Then that -- mysterious invention was a--" "Camera," the woman smiled mock- ingly. "It seldom fails. We've taken some wonderfully good photographs with it." Convinced now that the woman's mo- tives were ulterior, Thornton con- fronted her with a feeling of resentment at having been tricked so easily. "I'm a busy man, Miss--Bender. Give me your proposition in as few words as possible," he said, curtly. She seemed gallingly oblivious to his scorn. "We expect to have a very good photograph of you, Mr. Thornton-- with me in your arms. It's merely a question of who considers that pho- tograph of greater value--you or--Mrs. Thornton. We consider it worth to you at least five thousand dollars. That shouldn't be a staggering sum to a man who can lay his hands on fifty thou- sand cash at any moment he desires." "And suppose I--don't consider it worth--or, rather, suppose I refuse to pay the blackmail?" 