Hear Not, See Not, Speak Not Evil 67 "What--where--how--" spluttered Dummy. Then the door opened and Dr. Robertson ushered Deafy into the room. For a second the two men glared at each other, too amazed to speak. Then a frown gathered like a storm on the brows of Deafy and he advanced threat- eningly toward the table upon which lay the pearls. "You snitch," he growled, struggling to raise his voice beyond its usual mono- tone. "Doc, this sneak here stole these pearls. I bought part of them from him and I--" "You lie," screamed Dummy. "You stole them yourself out at that doctor's house!" "Don't you believe him, Doc," growled Deafy, and then the two fell back in amazement, silenced by the dis- covery that one was talking and the other hearing what was said. The door opened again. This time the young physician led into the room a bulky man with a beard and ban- daged eyes, at whom the other two stared, not so much in surprise as in threatening understanding. Between the two--the once deaf and the once dumb--there passed a look which offered and accepted a new defensive alliance of two against one. "Mr. Clark," said Dr. Porter, "there seems to be a difference of opinion here. Do you know these two gentle- men?" At the question, Goggles lifted the bandage from his eyes, blinked a little at the light, then opened his mouth in consternation at the two men he saw glowering at him. Before he could speak his new-found eyes caught the pearls the physician was still stringing. "Know them!" he shouted. "Yes, I know the prooks--the double thieves. They stole these pearls and then they stole them from me--stole the share of a poor, helpless blind man. But I can see now and I'll see you in prison again." Dummy whipped out a knife and sprang for Goggles, but before he could reach him curtains parted and he was seized by the police lieutenant, while the room seemed to fill with men. "The game's up," growled Deafy. "But he's in it too. He opened Doc Porter's safe himself." "So you'd snitch on an old pal as well as rob him, would you?" cried Goggles. "And you, Dummy, you little rat that I tried to be a friend to. You'd knife me, would you? Well, I'll tell, and I'll tell good. They may send me back to stir, but you'll go to the chair. Hold him, you fellows. You've got the man that killed the grocer in that bur- glary last winter." "Shut up, you fool," called Deafy. "No, I won't shut up. You were in it too. But I wasn't. I wasn't and I've got you two where you belong." The big body sagged at the knees and crumpled on the floor as the man sobbed hysterically. Dr. Porter had finished stringing his pearls and held the restored necklace up to the light. With a sigh of satis- faction he placed it in the case he took from his pocket and laid it on the table. Turning, he pointed to a piece of bronze that stood on the mantel shelf. "Gentlemen," he said, "I wish you would all look at this. It has a lesson for thieves, detectives, physicians and everyone else. It is a Japanese piece called the 'Sacred Monkeys.' There are three of them. One holds his hands over his ears, a second over his eyes and the third over his mouth. The in- scription beneath reads, 'Hear not, see not, speak not evil.' I took the restrain- ing hands away from the ears, eyes and mouth of these three men here. You see the result." Dr. Porter picked up his jewel case from the table, lighted a cigarette and walked from the room. 