Fit for a King By Walter Deffenbaugh I MEN who read books, with whom I have talked more than a little in my spare time, are fond of quoting Shakespeare. Perhaps they quote others, but mine is a mind like Presi- dent Wilson's--one poetic train is enough on my single-track--and so I can't remember the rest. One quota- tion sticks particularly in my mem- ory. It is something about "There is a tide in human affairs which, taken at its flood, leads on to victory." Per- haps that isn't quite right. It has been a long time since I have read it, because working up and down the Strait of Juan de Fuca and the beaches of the North Pacific, one can't carry much of a library. But what made it stick with me was that thing in it about the tide. You know the tide and the waves are like a woman; they can't keep any- thing secret for very long. Just give them time and they will tell all about it. A woman can't keep a secret-- neither can the sea. That fellow knew what he was talk- ing about when he wrote that, but he did not know it half so well as we did, because he did not know how much we depend on the tide and the surf for our tips on what the smug- glers and other criminals are doing along our uninhabited coasts. If it were not for the help of the sea we would surely be lost. It was a wave--a big one, unwel- come at the time, unasked and rough, as waves usually are--that solved for me one of the greatest mysteries our service was ever called upon to run down, and one which had baffled our best men for more than a year. I'll tell you about it. Do you remember James J. Plain- field, the man who made twenty or thirty millions out of railway and steamship lines in the West and died a few years ago? You do, I guess; everybody does. I never met him myself, but at the time I am speak- ing of it was part of my day's work to look up him and his past history pretty thoroughly. Did you ever hear of a place he built out here on the West Coast to entertain a king? He called it the "Aerie"--eagle's nest, you know. He was that kind of a fellow--:big and rough and blustering but with a sort of poet's imagination. It was that which had brought- him up from a common sailor to what he was and which gave him the idea w'hen his chance came to have a real king as a guest, to build this place up on the rocks to take him to and stand with him up there where he could take in the whole Pacific with one sweep of his hand and say, "Here, King, see this ocean? Well, I control that." He's dead now, Plainfield is, but the king isn't. I've got two letters at home from His Royal Highness--one asking for full details of what I found out about his friend's house on the cliff and the other thanking me for my report. I don't mind saying that B. M.--Dec.--8 113 