Bruno's Weekly 3 8 August 5th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-08-05_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 8 Untitled Image Illustration 1 The include: 1 After Verlaine Ernest Dowson cre 3 Girls Left Behind by Austrian and Germans G. B cre 3-4 Helen Dryden: Witch of Color G. B cre 4-6 Helen Dryden Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 A Moral Little Tale Lord Dunsany cre 6 The Great Green Frog Saidee Gerard Ruthrauff cre 6 Drawing by Clara Tice Illustration 6 George Bernard Shaw—A Personal Impression Dennis Denmore cre 7-9 G. Bernard Shaw. Drawing by S. Raieter Illustration 7 The Raiment of the Lily and the Clothing of the Cabbage A Fairy Tale by Feodor Sologub cre 9 Three Tales by N. Shebonev H. Thompson Rich cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 John Duncan Fergusson With 6 Drawings by Fergusson cre W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 10-12 Portrait of Frank Harris Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 The Attic 12 A Poor Man's Partner Samson V. Becker cre 12 "Are people any good to us at all?" asked the 12 Commercialism?—Of Course Not In Our Village 13-14 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Figures from the Square Illustration 13 Books and Magazines of the Week 14-15 Morality Peter John James cre 15 Why and How I Got Married 16 Playmates, College Sweethearts, and Married J. G. V. (Los Angeles cre 16 Reminds Us of O. Henry's "Service of Love" F. W. W cre 16 Bitter After Eighteen Years L. F cre 16 Untitled Image Illustration 17 Jean Orrick Johns cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY 100J Dollars for the Story ofYour MarriageA Contest for Married People EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents August sth, 1916 i * ,Copyright by Guide Brunt, Aug. sth, 1916. Origin*! matter,ittciuditrg all drawing*, may not be reproduced without permianonof Guide Bruno; but that permtMtoa may be ate timed tf credit»imn le outlier and Bruno'* Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were married.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall not!use your name if you do not wish us to do so.- . ■ . '~ ■* -There is no better fiction than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Write, it down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's Weekly,58 Washington Square, New York City. ', ■ yEvery Jwaek those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of themarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 8 AUGUST sth, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY ( Continued from last issue) (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Vice-Pres.;Walter Jj. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897.1 .r The include:Permanent Peacela it a Dream?Helenf Dry den—A Witch of ColorGeorge Bernard, Shaw—A PersonalImpressionGirls Left Behind by Austrian# andGermans After Verlaine Ernest Dowson TTHE sky is up above the roof* So blue, so soft!A tree there, up above the roof,Swayeth aloft.A bell within that sky we see,Chimes low and faint:A bird upon that tree we see,Maketh complaint.Dear God! is not the life up there,Simple and sweet?How peacefully are borne up thereSounds of the street!What hast thou done, who comest here,To weep alway?Where hast thou laid, who comest here,Thy youth away? Girls Left Behind by Austrianand Germans G. B. IJAVE you ever stood near a stock exchange ticker* * watching eagerly the miniature machinery, printingwords and figures on the tape? Did you ever lookanxiously on the white strip of paper passing over the palmof your hand, for the few letters that spelt all yourworldly possessions and for the figures that meant sal- vation or destruction to you? If you did not have theexperience yourself you perhaps remember similar scenesin motion picture plays, especially such where the victimhas his entire fortune at stake. Going about his dailyroutine he receives the disturbing message. He hastens tohis broker's office. He reads the bulletins of battles foughton the floor of the stock exchange. He fears and hopesand awaits helplessly the decision of Fate.Look at the daily lives of the millions of women inEurope! No matter whether they live in France or inGermany, in England or in Austria, in Belgium or inRussia, in cities, in villages or on farms. No matterwhether they dwell in palaces of in poor-houses, they allhave their dearest at stake. Husbands, brothers, sweet- hearts and fathers are far out there, what they call "atthe front-" They might be invading as proud victorsthe enemy's country. They might lie severely wounded,unattended by caring hands, on the frozen grounds of adesolate field. They might be dead and buried withmany others in hostile soil. Every morning these womenpilgrimage to the official war news bureaus and receivewith trembling hands the lists of those who are dead orwounded.What is the agony of the man who reads on the tape of the loss of his fortune, compared with the fear thosewomen suffer while their eyes glide along thousands ofnames, anxious not to discover the name of the belovedone among them. Wives return home as widows,daughters as fatherless orphans and sweethearts mournthe men they had thought the most of in the world. Andthe ticker ticks on; the machine prints constantly newnames and endless seems the tape. Those that are savedto-day will live through the same agony to-morrow. Theywill fear and hope as long as lists are published, as longas the nations are at war; until the echo of the last cannonshot has resounded on the far horizon and peace andharmony dwell again in the world.The compulsory military service transforms every able- bodied citizen into a soldier- Military service leads ina good many cases, later in his life, to his appointment toa position in the various branches of the government. Hismilitary obligations do not cease till he reaches his forty- fifth year and memories of his active service and later onof his participation in the yearly manoeuvres are sub- stantial parts of every-day conversations in the family andamong friends. At the time our girls clip pictures offootball stars and of matinee actors from magazines, theEuropean girl worships as her idol the lieutenant with hisbewitching manners and in his glittering uniform.The lonesomest of ail European cities is without doubt,Vienna. Imagine the coffee houses without chatteringor billiard-playing officers! Think of the "Kaerntner- strasse" or the "Opernring," without uniforms, and thinkof the poor girls, without their friends, the soldiers! Ina polyglot country like Austria where patriotism does notmean a strong national feeling but simply love for the goodold Emperor, Francis Joseph, women have not awakenedto take particular interest in politics at home or in the for- eign affairs of their country. They expect with a child- like confidence, the man to settle all those important ques- tions—before he reaches home. They do not like politicalconversations at the family table.The soldiers who bear on their headgear the initials ofthe Emperor, are the impersonation of the country's pa- triotism. Mothers give up their sons for three long yearsto do military service. Folk-songs in all languages ofAustria's nations emphasize it"the mother's tribute toEmperor Francis Joseph" and now while nations arestruggling on battlefields, the Austrian woman at homehas no other interest than to know what becomes of herfather, brother or sweetheart, fighting for his emperor.Since her earliest youth, the Viennese girl admired every- thing pertaining to militarism, especially if it walked ontwo legs and wore a uniform. As a little tot she woulddisregard the orders of mother or governess, jump up fromthe table during meal hours and run to the window towatch enthusiastically a military troop marching to theinspiring tunes of its bands. As a "backfisch" and longafter she started to wear long dresses, some irresistiblelieutenant would spook in her little heart and even afterher marriage she does not lose her love for uniforms. The happiest dream of her life is to picture her new born babyas officer with sabre and spur, marching in front of hissoldiers, saluting to her while he passes her windows, ortaking a prominent part in social life. There is not muchdifference in the Vinnese woman before and after marriage.She is always a girl. She has the proverbial golden heart.She might pour the contents of her purse into the hat ofa beggar for money and she might not give even theslightest smile to the beggar for her heart. She loves todance and a waltz with a charming lieutenant means moreto her than three lectures on woman's suffrage. She hasfrom her earliest youth a strongly-expressed motherly in- stinct that makes her the best of all wives. Her neverdying love for beauty and real enjoyment of life makes hera real companion and mate. After the first excitement ofthe mobilization Viennese girls forgot their sorrows inpreparing for brothers and husbands and sweethearts goingto the front, all those little things that mean so much topersonal comfort. While tears stood in their eyes afterthe last embrace and the parting that might be for life,a sunny smile passed over their faces while they couldnot help exclaiming with pride: "Doesn't he look splendidin his uniform-"And now they study carefully the official lists, burncandles for the Holy George and Holy Joseph, and opentheir hearts before the statue of the Blessed Virgin be- cause they are very religious and pious at the bottom oftheir hearts. From the Archduchess down to the servantgirl they cherish the same love for everybody who wearsan Austrian uniform and do all they can to make thewounded brought to Vienna comfortable and happy—"Because someone might do the same for my poor dearboy . . ." They are active in collecting money tosend on to the front all kinds of little comforts for officersand soldiers. Underwear, stockings, mittens for the com- ing cold weather, and cigarettes and cigars. They aresuch little optimists, those Viennese girls between fourteenand sixty. If no fatalities are reported they sit aroundtheir beloved coffee, eat those delicious Vienna cakes andmake plans; plans for the time when this man-murderingwar will be over and the dear ones home again. Oh, howcomfortable and cozy will they make it for them!The German woman participates in the national prideof her husband to be a German. She is interested inpolitics. She does not read only the novels and shortstories in her newspaper but is acquainted with the inter- national political situation. Especially the woman of themiddle classes has a strongly expressed national feeling.She is proud of Germany as a leading power of the world.She is proud of her. husband because he is a part ofGermany and she is proud of his uniform because he willhelp to defend German soil and because the same uniformis worn by the Kaiser himself and the princes of the royalHouse, the highest commanders of the army. She sup- pressed bravely the tears during those exciting days whilethe country was mobilizing its armies. She seemed todemand from him courageous behavior in the ranks andeven death if needed to conquer or to defend. "Don'tthink of me," she would say, "don't worry about thechildren. Do your duty and take good care of yourselfso that you come back to me if you are saved fromthe enemy's bullets." With smiling and encouraging faces they cheered the troops marching out of their towns and .cities. But after the backs of the beloved ones in uniformwere turned all the sentimentality of their race, artificiallychecked through bravery of the spirit, gave way, and withthe tears came out the truth."I might have seen them forthe last time on this earth."In the coffee houses of Berlin, of Dresden and ofMunich, women are taking the places of the men whoused to indulge here in hot political discussions. TheGerman woman is not satisfied with the knowledge thatthe name of her husband, brother or father is or is notcontained in the official lists of dead, but she wants toknow all about the operations of Germany's armies, aboutGermany's chances in the field. She feels that her belovedone takes part in all this and in this way herself too. Helen Dryden: Witch of Color G. B. Helen Dryden pvO you want to know what it really was that be-witched you in the New Amsterdam Theatre duringthat performance of "Watch Your Step?" Of course itwas the music flattering your ears, those silly, enchantingairs that made you feel the rhythm in your toes, and thedancing of the Castles and the gorgeous scenery and thesparkling, dazzling lights, and then there were bouquets ofpretty chorus girls, garlands of beautiful, happy andmerry girls. But doesn't all that go with every declaredBroadway success? Yes. But there was something elsethat kept you spellbound, a something that occupied youreyes as grippingly and constantly as did the soft, pricklingtunes your ears, a something that made you follow ab- sorbingly the movements of chorus and of players, a some- thing that acted upon your senses like the scent of awonderful perfume whose origin you cannot locate, whoseodor you cannot define, but whose existence you feel un- mistakably.Do you remember the costumes? Not only those wornby the leading members of the cast, but also the costumesof the chorus, in all their changes? Yes, that's it. Thosefascinated you. Their color schemes reminded you ofsomething you have admired in the past, those forms andlines brought back to you some memory. Of what? Oh,yes, you remember those lovely French fashionplates byBakst or Bruneleschi in the show windows of art shopsand of Fifth avenue dressmaking establishments! Andwhat else? Oh, those dainty figures on the cover of afashion magazine placarded in all the elevated and subwayand street cars! Masterpieces in Harmony You are on the right trail. All the costumes worn bymale and female performers of "Watch Your Step," fromMrs. Vernon Castle's gowns down to the gauzy sugges- tion of frocks of the chorus, were at first fashion plates,little masterpieces in harmony of colors and grace of lines.They were especially drawn for the members of the castafter a careful study of the manuscript of the play. Andno one less than Miss Helen Dryden, the well-knownartist, the first to make us acquainted with the charmingnew ideas of the French artists, but minus their eccen- tricities and extravaganzas in colors and outlines, is re- sponsible for the fairyland of costumes that you saw upthere on the stage. "How was it I designed the costumes for 'Watch YourStep' and what my experiences were?" Miss Drydenrepeated my question.She was kneeling on the floor of her spacious studio,a big brush in her tiny hand, her face flushed from exer- tion. In front of her on the floor *was a big placard—five by six feet—and she had been busy painting withbroad strokes a bluish green background for a coal-holeinto which that careless youth, looking after a prettygirl, was walking, not watching his step. "A Bushel of Fun" "First and last of all, I had a bushel of fun and Ienjoyed every bit of work I did for the 4Watch Your Step'people. There I had the chance to clothe a bunch ofpretty people just as harmoniously as a dress ever wasdesigned by the imaginative mind of an artist. Colorsand lines were my real material—well, and you saw, your- self, what wonderful results one can get!" Miss Dryden got up, wiped her hands on a soft pinksilk rag, seated herself comfortably on an enormous couchwith pillows and, cover of an eye arresting peacock design.She is petite, every one of her movements is an expressionof grace, she has wonderful eyes and beautiful hands.She is just the one that you would imagine could drawthose charming little pictures that have made her knownover the United States. And her workshop is in harmonywith her art and with her person. A lot of light, thespacious walls covered with light tapestry, the woodworkshining white, the window boxes filled with boxwoodhedges trimmed as in a garden of Louis XVI., nowherethe proverbial disorder of a studio—not a color stain ora spot. One feels as if in the boudoir of one of the roseand gold gowned creations."You see," she continued, after she had decided thatthe last faint scent of paint was banished from the littlehands that reposed with inimitable grace in her lap, "Itseems rather natural that the costumes for a musicalcomedy should be designed by somebody who has not only taste, but knows how to select colors to a happy, pleasingcombination. How frightful are often the expensive cos- tumes in musical comedies! It often spoiled, for me atleast, the enjoyment of the evening and the merrimentof music and comedy, to see other girls on the stage, mis- dressed. And so you can imagine with what enthusiasmI grasped the chance of experiment for once with beauti- ful materials instead of paints, and to see the creationsof my brush living and dancing, a joy for thousands ofbeauty-loving eyes."There were obstacles to overcome, too, just as inevery other thing. At first I dressed the chorus. I feltlike a little girl that has got hold of some wonderful rags,moved her doll house into her favorite corner and startedto dress and undress her dolls. Later on, designing thecostumes of the leading actors, I had to take their wishevinto consideration. The one wanted this color to prevailin her robe, the other wanted a certain outline that shehad always adhered to in her previous Broadway suc- cess. But a little reasoning, a little insisting and a littleyielding to their wishes gave almost in every case myoriginal idea the final victory."If you compare these drawings I made with the char- acters on the stage you will see that they are really their images. I loved this work and I wish that I could do itall over again—this planning and comparing and selectingand being a little discouraged and finally succeeding. Itis a real joy!"I have not been long in New York and there reallyisn't much of a story to my life. I was born and raisedin Baltimore. I always used to draw, even as a kid,before I could write and read. I studied at the Academy in Philadelphia and then I came to New York. I did nothave an easy start, and it took me quite a while beforeI sold my first picture to a magazine. Bakst, Bruneleschi,and, above all, Busseou, were always my favorites. Atfirst I imitated them, I mean their color schemes, andsoon I found my own way. French Masters' Style "I don't deny that my drawings might faintly remindyou of those of the French masters. But it is just theunusual vivid colors all of us are using. Otherwise, mycreations are all my ownk independently conceived andoriginal in execution and forms. I met them all on mylast trip to Paris just before the war broke out. Theircolors can never be reproduced to do justice to theoriginals. They speak to more than the eyes. They com- municate themselves to all our senses, and for this reasonit is a great satisfaction to an artist to be able to give reallife to his drawing without the mechanical process of re- production on plates and on paper."Miss Dryden lives on Washington Square. The oldtrees with their wide-spread branches in front of thewindows above the boxwood hedges seem like trees of anold park in some French castle. Everything in her apart- ment is beautiful. Her favorite books are bound in vividcolors after her own design. Pillows, table covers, car- pets and picture frames are in wonderful harmony with thetapestry and the stucco work on the ceiling. Her paintsand brushes are lined up on a big white table as if consciousof the harmony they will be called upon to produce. Loves Vivid Colors She loves vivid colors around her and vivid colors onher palette and on her canvas. But she prefers quiet, un- assuming attire for herself. Dark blue and brownish grayare her favorite colors for herself and soft velvet she pre- fers to any other material for her own gowning. A bluevelvet suit is at present her special delight. It is a girl'sdress, a Norfolk coat with a narrow trimming of silverybeaver edging the tunic and the bottom of the skirt, abroad stripe of soft beaver around the neck and high aboutthe ears. A dark velvet Tamo' Shanter such as RichardWagner used to wear is set a little on the side as headgear.A picture of health and joy of living, a tiny package ofdrawings under her arm, is Miss Dryden, a familiar figureon "the Square."The Italian kids of nearby Little Italy know her wellas a spender of glittering pennies and occasional nickelsand they are her numerous escort to the bus station oppo- site the Judson Church.I wonder if she ever could draw a picture more har- monious, daintier and more picturesque than the one thatlooks at her from her looking glass ? A Moral Little Tale By Lord Dunsany THERE was once an earnest puritan who held it wrongto dance. And for his principles he labored hard,his was a zealous life. And there loved him all of thosethat hated the dance, and those that loved the dance re- spected him, too; they said, "He is a pure, good man, andacts according to his lights/'He did much to discourage dancing and helped to closeseveral Sunday entertainments. Some kinds of poetry he said he liked, but not the fanciful kind, as that might cor-arupt the thoughts of the very young. He always dressedin black.He was interested in morality and was quite sincere, andthere grew to be much respect on Earth for his honestface and his flowing pure-white beard.One night the Devil appeared unto him in a dream andsaid, "Well done.""Avaunt," said that earnest man."No, no, friend," said the Devil."Dare not call me 'friend,' " he answered bravely."Come, come, friend," said the Devil. "Have you notdone my work? Have you not put apart the couples thatwould dance?* Have you not checked their laughter andtheir accursed mirth? Have you not worn my livery of]black? Oh, friend, friend, you do not know what a de- testable thing it is to sit in Hell and hear people beinghappy, and singing in theatres, and singing in the fields,and whispering after dances under the moon," and he fellto cursing frightfully."It is you," said the puritan, "that put into their heartsthe evil desire to dance; and black is God's own livery, notyours."And the Devil laughed contemptuously and spoke."He only made the silly colors," he said, "and uselessdawns on hillslopes facing South, and butterflies flappingalong them as soon as the sun rose high, and foolish maid- ens coming out to dance, and the warm mad West wind,and worst of all that pernicious influence Love."And when the Devil said that God made Love, thatearnest man sat up in bed and shouted, "Blasphemy! \\Blasphemy!" g"It's true," said the Devil. "It isn't I that send the 1village fools muttering and whispering two by two in the Iwoods when the harvest moon is high, it's as much as I Jcan bear even to see them dancing." |Then said the man, "I have mistaken right for wrong;but as soon as I wake up I will fight you yet.""Oh, no you don't," said the Devil, "You don't wakeup out of this sleep."And somewhere far away Hell's black steel doors wereopened and arm in arm those two were drawn within,and the doors shut Behind them and still they went armin arm, trudging further and further into the deeps ofHell, and it was that puritan's punishment to know that ithose that he cared for on Earth would do evil as he haddone. The Great Green Frog Saidee Gerard Ruthrauff I know where there's a great, green frog,He lives down in the big brown bog,And he sings cr-r-r-r-dunk,And he splashes cr-r-r-r-rplunk,When he sees me coming with my dark drab dog! Drawing by Clara Tice George Bernard Shaw—A Personal Impression Dennis Denmore G. Bernard Shaw. Drawing by S. Raieter » A FEW years ago there was no man so often talkedabout outside of England and so reviled in it asGeorge Bernard Shaw. He was the man who had sethimself out to ridicule the safe prejudices of that largesection of the population of the British Isles, known asthe Upper Middle Class.For many years young Shaw struggled for recognition,but he was always looked upon as the brilliant gutterorator, of whom no serious account need be taken. Any- body taking Bernard Shaw seriously in England ten yearsago would have been laughed out of court. His declara- tion that he was greater than Shakespeare became a hugejoke with the British people, and for many seasons he wasa pantomine butt at whose personality a joke was keenlyenjoyed. To-day the British people realize in Shaw one*of the finest minds of the nineteenth and twentieth cen- turies. Whereas years ago no speech of his, no complaintof his, was ever recognized by the press, to-day, in thepublic curiosity aroused in this man the press of thecountry fully report every public move of his. In factshe has become one of the great public characters in thelife of England. His opinion on every conceivable subjectis sought for and widely published, reaching these shoresoften the same day by cable transmission. Only recentlyhe was assiduously engaged in fighting a number of clergy- men who had shown concern for the state of publicdecency by the dancing of Gaby Deslys at the PalaceTheatre in London.Shaw defended the dancer at the expense of the moralitysought for by the churchmen. There is no man wholoves a fight better than he, and it might be said of himthat if he is not engaged in some big public controversyhe is an unhappy Shaw-It may be interesting to know that Shaw enjoys ad- dressing a public meeting. When in London recently Ifound an opportunity during a hurried visit to the Empirecapital to listen to Shaw. In appearance he is a somewhatthin man, with bushy hair and thick eye-brows. His hairis red, on the verge of turning white. He is no orator,but he speaks in a clear decisive tone, heard through alarge space. He is thoroughly at home on the platformand keenly enjoys the privilege of speaking. His brilliantwit is plentifully exercised in his speeches, and I suppose,this accounts for the huge audiences he is able to gatherin any part of England. When speaking to these, evenon the most serious subjects, he is able generally to con- vulse them with laughter with a sudden quick turn of wit.Here is an example of a Shavian speech delivered threeyears ago, in London, before a crowded gathering at theRoyal Albert Hall, which comfortably seats ten thousandpersons, at a meeting that was held to protest against theimprisonment of the Irish labor leader, James Larkin(who was later quickly released by the Liberal Govern- ment) ."I am an old Dublin Home Ruler," began. Mr. Shaw,'like Sir Edward Carson (laughter). Being an in-,telligent Irishman, I left Dublin at the age of twenty,(laughter). I have not lived there since and do notintend to live there again."Mr. Shaw v/ent on to say that he was glad to hear thatin Dublin there were 20,000 people who had a room apiece to live in. uln my time," said Shaw, " there wasno such luxury. We very often had two families in oneroom and both of the families took in lodgers."At the end of his speech he made a seditious statement,and turning to the reporters, expressed his hope that theywould report him well and then challenged arrest by theGovernment.There is nothing, I suppose, which would have pleasedShaw better than that the challenge had been taken up. The Serious Shaw But beneath all this public tom-foolery of Shaw thereis a deep serious side to his life work, which is graduallybeing realized in England to-day. Instead of small coteriesof Shavian worshippers (whom Shaw, by the way, hates)there is a growing understanding of the mind of thisunique personality.It is being realized that this man who has claimed he isgreater than Shakespeare is in reality one of the finestcritics and lovers of the real Shakespeare. It is also beingrealized that this waiter who at every opportunity has dughis shaft of merciless wit at all the dear characteristicsof Englishmen is really the keenest admirer of their in- herent qualities. A Society Hero It is probably one of the severest punishments everallotted to Shaw when some years ago his books became aso.ciety fad. For some seasons Shavian ideas or what wereunderstood as Shavian ideas reigned supreme in Londondrawing rooms. His arrow lost a good deal of its poison.It might be said that Shaw has made most of his moneyfrom the people whom he caricatured, but who came tosee his plays.It is being realized to-day that this castigator of modernrespectability is a very careful and chaste liver. That this\ •- apologist for the art of Gaby Deslys is a staunch moralist.It is also realized that this brilliant scoffer of religion isa truly religious man; that this unforgiving critic of thechurch merely requires a higher ideal for it. In fact,Shaw, whether he knows it or not, is in love with every- thing he sees in life. There are many things he sees whichmay be wrong, but he realizes that at the bottom of it allthere is the fallible human being. And with this humanbeing, types of which he portrays in his plays, Shaw isreally happy, for he likes to punch and pounce upon him,and does this in so brilliant and humorous a manner thatthe type criticized is forced to laugh at the rich humor ofit all. Shaw's bitterest complaint against his now widen- ing public (for many years he denounced the play-goingpublic for not appreciating his work) is that they laughat his plays. He has written a brilliant essay on theSubject in which he worked up his anger to fever pitch,well knowing that if people did not laugh at his playshe would, from his pedestal, call up the vengeance ofHades upon them for a lot of dull knaves.Just before the war, he left England to supervise thefirst production of a new play to take place in Vienna,claiming that the lack of understanding of his plays on thepart of English critics spoils their property value for pro- duction abroad. He therefore,, as an English dramatist,first produced his new play in a foreign country, whereit could have a fair and unprejudiced hearing.The Courage of His HumorShaw has the courage of his jokes and sees themthrough. At a Socialist meeting in England at one time,called to protest against the conditions imposed upontenants by English landlords, he said: "I can speak withauthority on these conditions. I am a landlord myself." A Modest Man Yet this man of whom I have thus spoken, of whomthe newspapers of Europe and America so often write,is privately one of the most modest and sensitive of men.It was my privilege to meet Shaw and have a fewmoments' chat with him. This man who can address anaudience of ten thousand fearlessly and engage in tre- mendous public controversies, was actually sensitive at themeeting in private of a new friend. He appealed to meas one of the mildest, most unassuming and courteous ofmen. What impressed me in knowing him even but for afew minutes, was his apparent interest in life.He even takes a keen delight in the many strangeletters which a man of his reputation naturally receives.Sometime ago a young man wrote to Shaw for a loan of 20pounds sterling. Shaw replied with a lengthy letter, goinginto the minutest details of the young man's position asdefined in his letter, and made some excellent suggestionsas to the course he would pursue. Shaw wrote all thisbecause he said: "I like the tone of your appeal, but I amafraid you are not clever enough to get twenty poundsout of me."On another occasion an amateur dramatic society askedShaw to reduce the usual fee of five guineas for a presen- tation of "You Never Can Tell." Shaw flatly refused tomake any concession, although repeated efforts were madein that direction. The young players were about topresent their performance, when Shaw was finally askedto climb down. Shaw refused. Then it occurred to theSecretary of the Club to ask Shaw to allow the per- formance to go on "without any charge whatsoever" andShaw immediately consented. Mrs. Shaw It needed but a glance at and a handshake with Mrs.Shaw to convince me that in her Shaw was possessed (al- though I am afraid this expression is strictly un-Fabian)of a charming life companion. "I married for money,"Shaw usually declares in public and his wife affectionatelysmiles upon him as he says it.Mrs. Shaw is, incidentally, a woman of wealth in herown right. She is an authoress and is a translator ofBrieux plays into English. Shaw declares himself to behis wife's slave. "I have to be," he adds, amid thelaughter, in which his wife joins.As a dramatist, Shaw has practically created a newform of playwriting. Whilst he has ignored every canonof the laws of dramatic technique, he has produced themost complete and entertaining of plays. His "Man andSuperman" will long live as the comic masterpiece of theage. Shaw has actually been able to destroy many aprejudice in good old England. After all there is a gooddeal in the strength of powerful ridicule and when it isdelivered with brilliancy and across the open forum ofthe stage, it can produce vital effects.As a Socialist, Bernard Shaw has shown the reallyserious side of himself and his contributions to the Fabianliterature are fraught with able and constructive ideas fora future ideal state. I remember an evening in Londonwhen two of Shaw's plays were running in the capitaland a third was being given its premier performance, yetShaw was to be found in his place on the platform at thefortnightly meeting of the Fabian Society, at which someintricate idea of Sidney Webb's on Poor Law Reform wasbeing discussed. Shaw's attitude on Socialism has oftenbeen misunderstood. He is no sentimentalist and feelsthat the English working class element are to be scoffedat for the smallness of their demands, and for their lackof solidarity. When speaking of the splendid solidarityexisting amongst capitalists, Shaw adds, "I ought to know.I am a capitalist myself." These jokes make a good dealof enemies for Shaw. But really, his idea is to put up thebacks of the working classes and get them to realizewhat a deadly enemy this system is in which they liveand to which they would dare to become reconciled.It will be to the credit of Shaw, that he above all otherwriters in England to-day. has not lost his head throughthe war. His "Common Sense and the War" created asensation throughout the world and showed clearly how"junkerism" of the English and German varieties werereally responsible for this horrible and totally unnecessaryslaughter of the innocents. Whilst Galsworthy, Wells,Materlinck, Hauptmann, Anatol France and all the othergreat European writers immediately enrolled themselves 1on the side of patriotism, Shaw's unsentimentality servedto his advantage and his common sense was able to seeabove this seething mass of combatants and realize thatthe whole thing had to be because there naturally must bean explosion at some time, when there is a lot of loosegunpowder about.Shaw's deadly criticism of the danger of German mili- tarism was hailed with delight by Englishmen but hisequal denunciation of English navalism as a danger tothe peace of the world, left them strongly resentful. Thus Shaw in these latter days is disliked by many an English- man who admires him and his utterances, whereveipossible, are officially censored. The day will come, how- ever, when it will be realized and appreciated that this"clown" of English public life, art and literature, wasfilled with a love, not especially designed for Englishmen,Scotchmen and Irishmen but for all humanity, whosefoibles and weaknesses he understood, and whilst hedamned them he had not lost hope for their redemption. The Raiment of the Lily and theClothing of the Cabbage A Fairy Tale by Feodor Sologub UPON a bed in a garden grew a lily. She was allwhite and she had purple wings; she was proudand beautiful to look upon.Quietly she whispered to the wind who had caressed hergently as he passed her on his journey:"Slow—slow! I am a royal lily and even the wiseSolomon never clothed himself with such costly andbeautiful vestments as I wear every day."Not very far from the flower garden, a cabbage dweltamong the vegetables.He heard what the lily had said and thought:"This old Solomon, I think, was a sansculotte. Whatdid those people wear in the Biblical age? If theycovered their nudeness barely with some old wrappings,they thought they were dressed after the latest fashion.It was I who showed people how one should dress and Iam mightily proud of it: close to the body an undershirt,upon it a shirt, upon this a corset, upon this a chemise,upon this a brassiere, upon this a waist, and mariy skirts,under skirts and upper skirts, and a coat, and then anovercoat: a covering foliage on all sides—and nothingcan be seen of the stalk. That is warm and decent."(Translated by Guido Bruno) Three Tales by N. Shebonev H. Thompson Rich Age 1 ASKED a pretty looking girl of fourteen:"How old are you?"Without thinking she answered:"Sixteen, soon!"I asked a pretty looking girl of eighteen:"How old are you?"She replied promptly:"Seventeen, soon!"I asked a pretty looking girl of sixteen:"How old are you?"She thought long, kept silence long and answeredresolutely:"Sixteen!"A woman at the age of sixteen does not know yetwhether she should add to her age or reduce.The First One'"PHEY occupied their seats in the first row of the or-A ches^ra.He noticed, when they passed through the aisle, thatseveral men, who were strangers to him, half-respectfully,half freely, bowed to her."And yet I am the first one to whom she yielded. And no one of these men knows what treasures she hides underthat costly dress which I ordered from Paris/'He did not know that each of the five men that greetedher and with whom she lived thought:"And yet I was the first to whom she yielded."Every respectable man, who becomes intimately con- nected with every so-called, respectable woman, thinks:"I am the first man whom she really loved."And evtry so-called respectable woman thinks:"He is the last man whom I really love."By this the so-called respectable women are being dis- criminated from the so-called not respectable ones. Women and Business t t NFORTUNATELY I must leave you. I have togo about my business."I took my hat.She glanced at me with her little gray eyes and said:"I ask you to remain!"The business was a very serious one.The woman was a very unserious one.But I remained.• • • • •"Unfortunately I must leave you. I have to go aboutmy business."She raised her brown eyes and said:"I ask you to remain."The woman was a very serious one.The business was a very unserious one.But I did not remain.(Translated from the Russian by Mark Weinbaum) On a Fifth Avenue Bus If E sat meekly,* A small stature of a man,Bald-headed in the hot sun—Too cowed to be uncomfortable.And beside himHulked a huge woman,Manifestly his wife,With a fairly well-conditioned moustacheOver her thick lip,And several dozen sturdy hairs towards a beardOn her rubbery chin.... !And I smiledTo think of the next generation! John Duncan Fergusson With 6 Drawings by Fergusson W. G. Blaikie Murdoch Portrait of Frank Harris IN the course of those sparkling pages which set him inthe foremost of all letter-writers, Byron observes thata great artist's work has literally no kinship with his or- dinary, daily life. And, if these words appear somewhatfoolhardy at first sight—for is not a true master's art es- sentially the reflection of his personal contact with theworld ?—a very little thought serves to reveal the shrewd- ness and soundness of the poet's comment. It is those ad- jectives, "ordinary" and"daily," which form the key tothe significance of the passage, what Byron desired to em- phasize being that fine literature and music, painting andsculpture, do not originate in the mere tedium of diurnalexistence, but in those occasional hours, or moments, per- haps, wherein there is experienced ecstasy or deep sorrow,two elements which are curiously akin. Wandering as a young man in the Pyrenees, and thrilled ever and again bythe superb effects presented by the skies there, Gavarniwas forced to admit, in his journal, that he failed to per- petuate what he felt thus deeply, his hand lacking the re- quisite dexterity to capture the evanescent. But, then, toaccentuate Byron's point, dexterity in this way is amongthe prime things the artist must strive to attain. And it ishis pronounced gift in this relation, his frequent successjust where Gavarni confessed himself a failure, whichchiefly constitute Fergusson something of a master, fleet- ing phases of beautiful color being what he records withmost skill. The Scottish Impressionists John Duncan Fergusson is a Scotsman, and it is one ofthe laurels of Scotland that painting was carried on there,actively and well, considerably before it was practised tomuch purpose in England. There the Renaissance hadsignally little immediate influence, but in mediaeval Scot- land a genuine love of art distinguished king after king, particularly James 111, who welcomed artists to his court,while in those days taste in Scotland was further nurturedby her close intimacy with France. The league betweenthe two countries, mentioned early in the fifteenth cen- tury by the French poet, Alain Chartier, as being eventhen of great antiquity, had indeed a very marked effecton Scottish art throughout the middle ages. And al- though, with the advent of the modern world, it seemedthat this league was destined to fade away presently, eventsin Scotland the day before yesterday showed her still readyto learn from her ancient ally. The year 1862 is a mem- orable date in the history of French art, inasmuch as itwitnessed the founding of the Salon des Refuses, thosewho mainly brought this about being the group subse- quently styled Impressionists, whose creed was at this datekeenly opposed to their own country. Nor did the Im- pressionists find much favor at first in England, but inScotland the remote Northern town of Aberdeen earlyevinced interest in their work, while shortly this becamefamiliar too in the vast commercial city of Glasgow.Moreover, apart from being admired there, the FrenchImpressionists soon -began to elicit a certain emulationamong a band of young Glasgow painters, or at least,painters who mainly exhibited their works in that town. And before long this emulation began to developquickly, these Scotsmen accepting, far more implicitlythan any other men in all Europe, the attitude of theFrenchmen at issue. The movement brought forth a dealof really great work, for instance the pictures of GeorgeHenry and Hornel, Lavery, McTaggart and Arthur Mel- ville, a yet rarer master than these being Sir James Guth- rie. Accordingly, in the closing decades of the nineteenthcentury, the "Glasgow School of Art" became a familiarterm everywhere, being frequently used in an honorablesense by many of the more discerning French critics, not- ably Camille Mauclair; while in 1890 the vast Interna- tional Exposition, at Munich, wisely assigned a fair quotaof space to these Scottish artists. At this time Fergussonwas just beginning to paint, and, finding the Impressionistcreed so very prominent among his compatriots, he inevi- tably came under its spell, his early works signifying es- pecially an admiration on his part for Arthur Melville. Friends and Influences There were numerous other young Scotsmen of thisperiod, who, sharing enthusiastically Fergusson's predilec- tion for the French Impressionist school, naturally becamehis close friends. Ablest among these were Porter, JosephSimpson and S. J. Peploe, the first-named a gifted painterv of flowers, while the latter pair are both nowadays widelyto known outside their native Scotland. And Peploe, un- [ questionably, exercised a strong influence on Fergusson,| stimulating his native powers as a colorist, there beingr something else which simultaneously came to mould thebudding artist's outlook and tastes. For if Scotland wasquicker than England to recognize the founders of theSalon des Refuses, she was quicker likewise in accordinghomage to Whistler; and, in days when he was still alaughing-stock at Burlington House, his portrait of Car- lyle was bought by the Municipal Gallery, Glasgow. Furthermore, he was elected an honorary associate of theScottish Academy, which, on his death, was the sole ar- tistic body, in Great Britain, officially sending representa- tives to his funeral. And a little afterwards the Academyorganized a splendid loan collection of his works in Edin- burgh, while next the Society of Scottish Artists, also anEdinburgh institution, contrived to borrow, for one oftheir exhibitions, Whistler's Princesse du Pays de la Por- celaine. These different things by the master awakened in- tense fervor among young Scottish painters, none of them,possibly, manifesting more ardour in this relation than Fer- gusson, who used to go every day to see the Princesse dur- ing its stay in the Scottish capital. But whilst studvingWhistler with so much closeness and love, whilst imbibinghis aifection for the subtle coloring of night, Fergussondid not fail to give plenteous attention meanwhile to morevirile artists than the "Butterfly," two such with whomhe was long greatly preoccupied being Sargent and Goya.Since then he has left Scotland, making his home in Paris,where of late years he would seem to have learnt a gooddea± from IVlatisse and his school, who have given him alove for the most glowing tones. With all this assimila- tion, however, he remains a very individual worker: anartist expressing in his own fashion his actual experiences. His Art And to repeat, Fergusson is before all else a colorist,perhaps almost as exclusively devoted to color as Monti- celli before him. Simpson's chief gift -is for the happyplacing of masses of black, while it is evident that Porteris keenly susceptible to the inner significance of his sub- jects; and it is obvious that Peploe is passionately alive tograce, to the rhythm presented by draperies, or by thehuman form, his brilliant draughtsmanship, enabling himto utter perfectly his fondness herein. But, though Fer- gusson's drawing is in no way inefficient, it is seldom ornever intrinsically lovely; and it is axiomatic that thecolor of things, not their .shape, is what quickens hispulses, inspiring him to create. Wisely holding that anemotion should if-possible be registered instanter, he waslong wont to carry in his pocket a tiny box of water-col- ors, the sketches he made with it to be afterward ampli- fied in oils; and, from this excellent practice, he evolvedsome of the most charming things Scotland has ever pro- duced. One was a scene on the Firth of Forth, nearEdinburgh, wherein the drowsiness of afternoon, the soft- ness then of the tints in sea and sky, were reincarnatedwith an apparently complete adequacy. Another showedfireworks flashing across the blackness of night, while yetanother figured a square in Cadiz, au clair de la lune;and there come to mind numerous further nocturnes, ineach of which the most tender nuances are exquisitelyperpetuated. It is pleasant to reflect that one of thesepictures belongs to no less eminent a critic than Mr. Hal- dane Macfall, again pleasant to reflect that a portrait, byFergusson, has lately been acquired by Mr. Frank Rutter,one of the best of contemporary English writers on art.And this portrait is indeed symbolical, or nearly symboli- cal, of the Scottish artist's skill; for there is here but littleillusion of life, little real adumbration of the setter's char- acter, the picture owing its charm simply to its beautiful,tasteful coloring. It is a minor song, then, which thisyoung Scotsman sings; but, if by no means worthy to behailed as an artist of lofty order, does he not often singthis minor song of his divinely? The Attic A NNIE doesn't want to.itit was all in vain, what Father said, and whatMother said, and what the Governess said. Perhaps shecannot do it. But it is the crude necessity of life thatone must do things and therefore I have to go to extremes.I impart to her that she will have to remain the wholeafternoon in the attic. Of course she starts to cry im- mediately . . . she cries heart-breakingly.But I know how to quiet her."There is nothing to be ashamed of when one has tostay in the attic all afternoon," I said to her. "A littlegirl is sent to the attic usually if she needs to meditatevery seriously. She can't meditate in Father's study be- cause there is the Father, and not in the living room be- cause there is the Mother. In the nursery brothers andsisters are playing and the bedrooms are being aired for thenight. The attic is the only place where a little girl canbe all alone and reason with herself." And so we ascend to the attic.For awhile the air is filled with sobbing. Now all isquiet."Are you thinking nicely?" I call up to her."Father . . . can I come down . . .?""Not before this evening. You must think hard up jthere so it will last for a long while; I know it isn't veryamusing up there in the attic and it wouldn't be nice ifyou have to be sent there soon again."A little while later I throw her an orange through thewindow.And after another little while she received a little notewritten in big letters:"How are you, comrade?""Father . . . were you ever sent to the attic?""Surely," I answer. "Three times they sent me upto think while I was small.""Father ... I think I'll never need to go up hereagain."In the evening after it had grown dark, I call forher in the attic and take her down with me. She has bigeyes, her lips are tightly closed and solemnly she pressesmy hand.(After the Swedish of Carl Ewald by Guido Bruno.) A Poor Man's Partner Samson V. Becker. V/ OU have ridden in the street cars and met her—or* was it the subway? It matters not where—youmust have seen her. I mean the woman of the tired eyesShe always has a child with her; wouldn't seem naturalwithout a child holding tightly to her hand; a painfullyclean, frowsy hatred youngster, all eyes. Oh, you knowher—the woman across the aisle; she with the cheap, oh,so evidently home made dress; with the carefully polishedshoes, run down at the heels; with the old, old hat withsombre trimming, time stained and ancient; she of thework marked hands, and the wan, sorrow-lined face, thinand almost emaciated. Not quite the society woman, yousay? You are right, my friend. The hands have slavedat household tasks too long to look the society woman's.The clothes she wears are hers, not from choice, but fromnecessity. The eyes have lost their brightness, gazing atthe future, hopeless and devoid of promise. She reallyisn't old enough to be entitled to the wrinkles in her face;but they are wrought of sorrow, not time. There was atime—long ago—in her girlhood—but that is long ago.Yes, my friend, she is a poor man's wife; a poor man'shelpmate; a poor man's partner. Look well at her, thatyou may know her—and wonder at the lump in yourthroat, at the pain in your heart. Gaze i*pon her withlowered eyes, for she represents in its purest form a traitthat poets have eulogized, nations have rewarded, andhumanity has worshipped ever since the world began "Are people any good to us at all?" asked the inexper- ienced calf of its mother."Surely, dear child," answered the cow. "They areour cemeteries and in one of them your papa is laid away," Commercialism?—Of Course Not In Our Village Figures from the Square I OVERHEARD an interesting conversation a few days* ago, in a Fifth Avenue bus. Two elderly ladies, evi- dently sight-seers who had come d®wn to the Village toexplore its mysteries, seemed dissatisfied with the resultsof their search for that Boheme they had come all theway from Peoria, Illinois, to find in our midst. Theywere loaded with packages, and it was evident that theGift shops of Greenwich Village had gotten the moneythat was intended to grant them a peep behind the scenesof another kind of life, that kind which cannot be foundin Peoria, Illinois. These two matrons came to the con- clusion that after all there is not very much differencebetween the shops up town and those in GreenwichVillage. The difference which they pointed out werethe weird color schemes of sales rooms and sales-ladiesand the much higher purchase prices as compared withthose in Chinatown and the ten cent stores in the shoppingdistrict. Is it really commercialism that induces our shop-keepersto open their shops? Was it here, too, the eternal strifefor money that converted souls once consecrated, to becomemoney changers in the Temple of Art?And so I walked up and down the line: to our odditycellars and village stores and treasury boxes and paintboxes and mad hatter's shops—.What delightful, innocent children these girls and boysare, who sit behind the counter and make themselves be- lieve that they are business people! Surely enough theyhave shelves, they have wares on their shelves, and theyhave hung out their shingles inviting passersby to becomecustomers. But selling is the means to the end; to makemoney, is foreign to their innocent souls. Dressed fan- tastically like the early arrivals at a fancy costume ball,they are just hungry to show people how nicely they knowto combine colors, to show them what excellent taste theyhave in choosing their surroundings. They are proud oftheir eccentricities, and they wouldn't change with theVanderbilts when they strike an impossible, never heard-ofcombination. People come and look at them and do notknow whether to turn to the right or to the left, astonishedby so much imagination surrounded by tenement houses,thundering elevators, screeching cars and hundreds ofragged children. Ask these merchants of our community for the balancesheets of their last month's sales and you will find thatthey are paid only by their own pleasure and satisfactionin being permitted to do exactly the things they wish to do.Do you remember the delightful hours you spent in yournursery playing store-keeper? Especially if your motherwas of a sunny disposition and came herself once in awhile to buy and to chat. You liked the chatting farbetter than the selling. So do the shop-keepers in Green- wich Village. They want you to come and ask for things,they want you to look at their things, they want you to take a seat and talk, but they are not particularly anxiousto sell you anything. In many cases they are even sorryif they see your willingness to part with your money andthey have to lose that particular article which lent somuch color and atmosphere to their little shop. Theyare such lovable children,—our shop keepers. That distinguished duet of old villagers, the sistersWoodin, are back again to their hunting grounds, livingthis time on the Square. However, not on aristocraticNorth Side. They are specializing at present in grindingout Village stories as copy for such noble publicationsas are ready to purchase at a cent a word. Sumner Williams, of moving picture fame, and TomSleeper, the New Jersey hermit and weaver of verse, hadin the moonlight of a romantically vicious night, a memorable discourse upon poetry in general and in especial.Tom stuck up for the poets of his youth and Edgar AllenPoe was the apple of discord between these two mastersof life and of other things. Sumner Williams was in hisrecitative mood; yards and yards of poetry he unspunfrom the spool of his memory. Not even the lightningand the thunder that the angry heavens sent from un- clouded skies could silence the cyclone of his enthusiasm.And while Tom tried to prove conclusively that EdgarAllen Poe was the only American poet, as he remindedWilliams that he himself had been the inspiration toardent Poe worship, thousands of verses lost their ad- herence to stanzas and came forth from the overflowingsoul of Sumner like strong odors which, in mingling withother strong odors, have lost their fragrance."Lee Masters is a poet, too," said Tom in the courseof his unlistened-to discussion of poetry.Like a cataract of ice-cold water acted the name of LeeMasters upon Williams. Abruptly he came to a finish.Not one more word would he utter after the ghosts ofthe "Spoon River Anthology" had crept into the room.- Such is the contempt Sumner Williams fosters againstthe nomination of the "Spoon River Anthologist" for aP Doris Carlyle returned from her summer home in NewJersey with a new and extreme love for extreme and newcolors. I challenge anyone to produce a green similarto that of her brilliant new gown.The only letter box that adorns usefully the bouthSide of the Square, wras stolen Tuesday night by unknownthieves. It is a most extraordinary mystery which shouldbe exploited fittingly by that distinguished singer ofGreenwich Village who is composing his rhapsodies forthe Cosmopolitan in one of the tower rooms of the JudsonHotel. Why shouldn't Mr. Munsey assign the venerableConan Doyle to this "Mystery of the Stolen Letter Boxand amuse the million readers of his elevating fiction witha delicious bit of Greenwich Village news?I'l J'UftMl III! ■■■ Books and Magazines of the Week A Revival of Russian Literature Q URELY it is better to get things late than not to getthem at all. But I cannot help but object moststrenuously when a certain class of literary explorers,American and English, are constantly trying to s.erve usforeign authors, whom they have discovered recently,English-ed and published, as brand-new people never heardof before. Always during the past 150 years, wheneverEngland and Russia became Allies for some reason orother, Russian authors were in vogue in London and inthe course of a year or so, in America. And after thealliance was broken off, and Russia ana England assumedtheir old attitude of indifference of hostility, the Russianbooks were put on the high shelves, the authors forgottenand Russian literature, contemporary and past, remainedas before, a terra incognita, and a resourceful field fordiscoverers and explorers.Fleet St.was ransacked immediately after the outbreakof the present war for Russian novels, translated duung n■■ ■ i ■■ the late Crimean campaign. And lo! Gogol was dis- covered. Artzibasheff was found, and all the others whohave since come to this country and played their importantpart in the literary events of 1915 and 1916.Thanks to Mr. Alfred A. Knopf, the young publisherwho gave us so many good books during the first year ofhis activities in New York, we can shake hands withFeodor Sologub. Germany had him as far back as 12years ago. Translations of his fairy tales, of his parablesand of his novels appeared during that memorable periodof the last decade of the nineteenth century and the firstfive years of the twentieth century, in German magazinesgalore. Collections of these translations were issued inpamphlet form and in a few slim volumes by reputablepublishers.It is interesting to note how Russia has communicatedits literature for the past 50 years to the world. Russianrevolutionists always have lived in France and Germany atclose quarters with Slavic revolutionists of Austria. Thefacilities for printing and distributing radical literaturewere excellent in England, especially in London, that openport of dissatisfied citizens of all countries. The refugeestranslated authors whom they liked into French but muchmore into German, the universal language in that hotbedof Slavic aspirations, Austria-Hungary. Via the Germanlanguage they reached England. Not from the originalRussian were most of those translations made which gaveus Russian authors for the first time, but from the Frenchand in many more cases, from the German.It would take generally twenty years for the Russianauthor, translated for the first time into German, to reachthe friendly shores of America. As an example Sologubmay serve. Sologub's Little Demon John Cournos, one of the compares the artof Sologub with Gogol's masterful sketches of everydayRussian life, with his "Dead Souls." The tertium com- parationis in this case as in many others where the worksof great men are compared each with the other, cannot beanything but the genius displayed by both.Gogol is the great satirist, but the idealist and Russianpatriot, who has turned to the fantastic and to the mystic}because he lacked the strength to be a reformer and tofight for better conditions. A man who was born a hundredyears ahead of his time, who analyzed the Russian condi- tions by putting the Russian character under a microscope.He knew his compatriots, and he brutally tore away thefuneral regalia which covered the putrid corpse of a cor- rupt and rotten administartion, which made slaves out ofninety-five £er cent of the population of his country. Buthe not only pictured things as they were. He pointed outwith the exactness of the expert in social economics thecauses of the prevailing conditions in private life as as in official life. He created new figures, ideals of menand women such as must bring about conditions that madeliving worth while in the country he loved better than hisown life. He has the foresight of a great statesman andmost of his prophecies have either come true a hundredyears after his death, or they could come true if to-daythe idealistic figures in his "Dead Souls" would findfollowers among the leaders of Russian destinies. Gogel loved Russia. He loved the Russians with alltheir faults and all their weaknesses. He was too muchof a poet and of a dreamer to become a realist and so his"Dead Souls" was the last word he said to Russia beforehe went into exile. There he became a mystic and aphantast. Some of his stories—they are not translatedas yet into English—remind one of Poe and of that otherunfortunate poet, A. T. Hoffmann. Read the lastsentence in the second volume of his "Dead Souls." Inthese eight lines he tells you what he wanted, how he lovedRussia and how he firmly believes in the progress and theultimate good fortunes of all its citizens.Sologub is not a satirist. He is not a glowing patriot,who wishes to hold a mirror before the eyes of all theRussians. Sologub lives in a little circle, whose center heis himself. He is a master painter, who loves the detail ofthe miniature. No matter if he creates a fairy tale ofabout twenty lines, or a novel of 350 pages: it is amasterpiece as a whole and you can cut out an inch hereor a fraction of an inch there and it will remain a master- piece in itself. It is just this art, to evolve the pictureof a being as it is in life the picture one of us who makethe four hundred millions and paint it with the exactnessas others do the episode of a millionaire who loses hismillions, or of a duke who marries the soap manufacturer'sdaughter, which brings the Russian authors of to-day sonear to the heart of the American reader. It is you andI whom you see on the pages of Sologub, with all ourmeanness, with our petty shrewdness, but also with allthe heroism which we must have if we don't want to cometo grief on our journey to the unknown infinite.I see in"The Little Demon" something different thando its translators. This book is one of the truest charac- terizations of Russia's educational systems, responsiblefor its corrupt officials in all branches of the governmentaladministration, responsible for the hypocrisy imbibed withthe spy system of Church and State, exercised in its coun- try schools as well as later on in its colleges and universi- ties. I see in "Peredonov" one of the many thousandschool-teachers who knout, with their stinking piety, theirignorance that excludes knowledge from the schoolroomsand with their crouching submissiveness, millions into thedumbness of a stupid miserable existence. These "Pere- donovs" are responsible for the millions of "dead souls"which are in times of peace the fodder of licensed whiskeymanufacturers, corrupted land owners, and thieving con- tractors commissioned by the Russian government; thosemillions who are in times of war the prey of criminallybad conditions in their own army, of the cruelty of theirsuperior officers and of the legitimate bullets of the enemy.I see in the headmaster "Khripatch" the ideal of a schoolman as he should be, as every teacher should be.Sologub dispenses justice on earth to the creatures ofhis phantasy. The teacher who tortures children entrustedto his care, who is a deceiver all his life, meets with themost terrible destruction Nemesis can inflict upon a humanbeing: insanity takes possession of him.The two charming scenes in the book between "Sasha"and the "Routinov" girl remind one that Sologub musthave read Oscar Wilde. It is the very first time, at leastto my knowledge, that the extravaganzas of an exquisitesoul mate-ship are introduced on Russian soil, in the midstof the humble life of peasants, surrounded with the luxuries of more refined and civilized classes than theremaining milieu of the book. Morality Peter John James there was a young and handsome hummingbird. He had just come to that age where allnormal humming "birds desire to leave the parental nestand fly forth to see the world. For days he had frolickedand flitted about the open field; sped up and down thesun-beams; tossed about on the warm summer breezesand finally he saw a flower.She was a remarkably pretty flower. It must havebeen a very irresponsible wind which had blown her seedupon that rough hard ground, for she stood quite alone inthe big uncultivated field. She had in fact the mostuncongenial position in the world.Uncouth grasses lay about her little stem and scratchedit. Big fat bees bothered her with their attentions.Prickly vines and briars were a continual menace to hercomfort. Briefly, she was a most unhappy flower.Then she looked up and saw the humming bird- * Hehad already decided that she was a charming creature,but first he wished to note her surroundings. Apparently,there was nothing to stop him so he circled about herseveral times. He saw the delicate poise of her head, andher brilliant coloring. Suddenly desire swelled the hum- ming bird's breast. He asked her:"Will you be my mistress?"And because the flower wanted to bring forth othersof her kind, she said that she would.So they mated and all the world turned away—laughedat her or shunned her, because she was bad.But the sun pondered deeply over her in the heavens. *The humming bird was older and the field held nomore adventures.So he wandered about greatly bored. Finally he cameupon a lovely little garden.It was fenced and latticed all around and exhaled acultivated perfume of great richness.It needed only a glance to tell anyone that every flowerin that garden could not help but be a very exclusive andwell brought-up flower.There was one especially which caught the hummingbird's eye and like the other, she was remarkably pretty.Again the humming bird stopped and circled around,carefully noting her environment.This time there were all kinds of gruff, elderly flowerswho asked him questions:"What was his occupation?" "How far back couldhis ancestry be traced?" "Did he know Mrs. Buzz Wuzz,social leader of the humming birds?" "What were hisintentions towards the pretty young flower?" and finally"what his income was?"When he had answered all these questions to theirsatisfaction he looked again at the flower and felt desireswell his breast. He said to her:"Will you be my wife?"And because she wanted to bring forth others of herkind, she said that she would.So they were married and all the world nodded andsmiled, saying she was good.But the sun still pondered in golden meditation- Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. Playmates, College Sweethearts, and Married J. G. V. (Los Angeles) AV7E became acquainted the third year of high school. It wasnot "love at first sight." We were too young and toobusy for such ideas. It was however, decided mutual liking.We had dandy times at class affairs which we always attended• together, except once. That dance was dismal fun for us both.After graduation, camping out with friends, we trampedtogether constantly. Among rugged mountains, romantic andpicturesque, he proposed. Rather young, yet he sincerely felthe loved me. I liked him enough to want to love him. There- after, we had hearts only for each other. Doubt never entered.We both worked a year downtown, enjoying all social lifeand recreations together. Then we went away to college, everyhope and ambition in common, though our courses were totallydifferent.. Our college life was brim full of work and happi- ness. We were devoted lovers, though few realized it untilthe engagement announcement, the Senior year.After college, he went mining. We thought we should perish,those few months, the longest period we were ever apart. Dailybudgets consoled us. By special deliveries and telegrams, wearranged our marriage in October. To avoid expense and dis- play, the best man, our two sisters and mothers accompaniedme to a country town where he met us. Other numerous rela- tives we escaped entirely. A simple church ceremony andwedding luncheon at Glenwood Tavern completed the formali- ties. The wedding party played pranks on us until theyreturned to the city at evening, but we were too happy to care.Next day we started for the mines. Three years alone inisolated desert places, gave us intimate mutual understanding.We are now in town, with our two small boys. Five yearsengagement and nine years married life, find us more in loveand harmony than ever—a true romance which we pray maynever be shattered. Reminds Us of O. Henry's "Service of Love" F. W. W. ¥ WAS nineteen and ambitious, ambitious to paint and becomefamous. I had always been sketching and painting, eversince I was old enough to hold a pencil. New York, to whichI had been brought ten years previously, was seemingly in onemind with my folks to discourage me in my ambition. To me—there was nothing else. The whole world was an invitingcanvas.Resolved, to save enough money to take me back to Vienna.Somehow or other I would get along and study, learn to paint.Eighteen months elapse. With two dollars and my ticketon board the Kaiserin Auguste Victoria. Back to Vienna.With a few disappointments I found serene Vienna as I faintlyrecalled it and as I fondly it. I was learning t© paint,and very shortly afterwards, learning to love.We met in Heinrich's studio. She was such a beautifulinspiration and so different from anything I had ever knownin a girl before. An artistic soul in a beautiful person.And then, she cooked and occasionally baked for the both of us, and cared for my littered room. My ambitions werenow equally divided, between my art and to earn money enoughto be married.We're in America now. Yes, my wife and I, and yes, we'rehappy.An artist? No, I am building machinery. And Marie doesthe cooking. Bitter After Eighteen Years L. F. IAM thirty-seven years of age, the mother of two children,and the wife of a kind and loving husband; yet I am themost miserable creature on the face of the earths If one won- ders at this confession, one's wonder will cease upon readingthe following:I was born in Austria, and until I was sixteen, lived thereand was happy. Then my parents died, and with their deathcame misery.My elder sister, who was married and lived in America,was named as my guardian in my parents' will; so I soldeverything and came to the "Land of Promise."I turned the cash over to my sister, and she repaid me bysending me to work in a steam laundry owned by a relative.My task there was both difficult and dangerous. I fed collarsand cuffs to a machine which stiffened and rounded them intoshape after they had been washed. So dangerous is this workthat the least slip on the part of the feeder may mean theloss of a finger or a hand.I liked the work, however, and would have been very happyhad not my sister told me one night that, my employer havingfallen in love with me, had come to her and asked for my handin marriage. She had consented, and I was to become his wifethe very next week.I almost collapsed. The man was fifteen years my senior andwas blind in an eye. "Surely she was joking," thought I.When, however, she refused to deny the story, I rebuked herand questioned her right to sell me without my consent.She replied by putting my trunk and myself out of her home.That night I slept on my trunk in the hall, and the next morn- ing went to work with a heart full of tears.My head was in a turmoil all that morning, and ere noon theforefinger of my right hand was caught in the machine and tornfrom its socket.I was carried home in an unconscious condition, and it wasn'tbefore a week that I knew where I was. I then learned thatI had been married to my employer while in a semi-consciousstate, by an unscrupulous reverend, who was well paid forhis trouble.Eighteen years have passed since, and although my husbandadores and idolizes me, I hate and detest him.Divorce? I've tried that, but without funds one hasn't theslightest chance in New York State.So I must live on with a man I loathe because of a rapacioussister and an unmerciful God. Jean By Orrick Johns One night Jean stayed to supper and Mrs. Hupp tookthe chair by Martin's elbow and watched her so hard shecould not have looked once at her plate. Martin thoughthe would never have been able to stand her looking at himthat way; it would have given him the jim-jams. ButJean just talked and talked. All during the meal hismother kept hitting him on the arm and kicking his footwhen he and Jean were talking to each other. She wasso clumsy the girl saw it all. Once Mrs. Hupp kickedJean's foot by mistake. Jean said, "Ouch, somebodykicked me!" The old lady just took off her glasses andlooked at Martin hard and said, "Bassoon!" Then Jeanbegan to cry and Martin thought she was putting on. Butthat was all that was said.The old lady got helpless and Martin had to help her inand out of bed. Jean told him a man could never nurse asick person and came over to do it herself. The old wo- man had to submit, but she talked against it all the timeas though it were something that still had to be decided.If Jean made a change in the way of taking something oifher, or did anything unusual, she would push her awaywith her feeble hands and sometimes slap her. But Mar- tin thought Jean always looked pretty after she quarreledwith his mother. One day Jean told him he ought tothink himself lucky because he had a mother who "was socrazy about him she couldn't look at anybody else." Thereare some people," she said, "that just sit around all dayloving a person and the only time they ever let up loving'em is when they say anything to them." She said hismother was like that. At first he did not believe her, butafterwards he felt like he knew his mother all of a suddenfor the first time.The night his mother died, Jean was the first one hewrent to, but he made her bring some of the neighbors inwith her. She said she hated them, they were such oldfools and acted around a dead person like a lot of chickensover an ear of corn. The first thing she asked him was:"Have you got enough money to bury her nice?" Martinheld out his hand with such a lot of bills in it as she hadnever seen, and she counted two hundred dollars rightaway. "She took my head in her hands and said I mustlearn to tell the truth and not go through life acting likea liar, and then she gave it to me," he said. Jean told him Mrs. Hupp had always "had it on her," because shefound it one night when she was undressing her, but the old womap did not know she knew anything about it. Shesaid she hoped he would not take on, because it was onlya blessing when people were so old. Martin said: "Youwon't come over any more now; nobody will let you." Shejust shrugged her shoulders and told him he did not knowmuch, and if you waited for people to let you do thingsyou would hold your hands. And she said, "Anyway, it'sno use coming where you're not wanted." Martin toldher to "shut her face."The funeral was in June. Martin thanked the Lordwhen the neighbors stopped visiting. It was queer to bein the house alone; he thought it must be like that on ship- board. When he was a boy he would have given his righthand to go to sea. He sat down in his mother's old chairand tried to cry. He found by feeling sorry foY himselfand praying he could cry some, but not much. He thoughthis sorrow hurt him so much he could not act like theothers. He had not seen Jean for two days. He wouldhave to make up his own bed now and cook his meals.He was only going to keep the house until the lease ranout, because it was so cheap. The neighbors thought heought to get just a lodging, there were so many nice peoplenear, and it was indecent for a man to live in a housealone; though that was according to the man. Martincould hardly believe that Jean would not come any more.The next day he would have to go back to work and hewas tired and started to bed about nine o'clock. Jeancame in and saw him undressing. She screamed a littleand sat down in a chair and said: "You ought to beashamed of yourself—so early—and I had such a timecoming." Then she turned her back and said: "I won'tlook; but put on shirt and you can take me out for awalk." Martin said it was not so early, it was nine any- way, and laughed and showed her the clock. She justlooked at it and said: "When I look at a clock I alwaysthink it would be better to be dead." Martin was so gladto see her he did not think about having his shirt off. Shestood up and stamped her foot and said: "This is awful!I'll go into the next room." He brushed his hair and theywent down the street together, after she went through thealley by the back way, and met him. "They were all sit- ting out at first and I had to wait," she said, "but thereare still some lights lit and the moon is so bright, andpeople know more about you than you do yourself." Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avmue University Plate*RAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West 8th Street' i '4 % • , ; . • s fc "TABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Polly*.)Between Washington Sq« &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining Room From the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN9 ,80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340 Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation, wear.PAINT BOX150 W. 4th St, nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23 Artistic Cushionshdadxng wool embroidery* Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co*9 82 WashingtonP1.9 N. Y. Spring 1076. WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6 p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m. T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating library68 Washington Place, N. Y. JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring 'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDoogal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner Rare Books First EditionISsEira |*JpMll Awsob&amp;ii for CPrfirtMß# GM&amp;Vmtkmmi mmh «*" *■ ®«*s fm fpm&amp;pfo who ImM&amp;it SJsbm# aor ®pgwrtass% to wsleet lor tiMMabwt«* iw §§»§» wife© few® not ace®» to tb» hmk Smik marli. Why not Hwfpfa coDectiac new?AJdrass, E. V. iMsa TwwiH Beaton* Man HMMO9 Afpwfe»f®t§ or $NPEPE &amp;REAL ESTATE AND4110 SpringBRO.INSURANCE40 Sb. ill ■ S«wtjGßm ftiUHflflli—l IN WHICHw« mj Just wlat mm tllalk. PhMdbsi ®t«sgy m! by Wnw— Bil GaddM at 171 Wilson Avenu*fas MidUpis. It it a tittle bmk «fepßg? ffiwfcwtadL Write for «mpie copy. I BUY BOOKSSiafk Tolnw, assail late, ad! Kfewisss; 8«S©($rapk letters @1 btowa Mterary wmm amiartirts, dranvtegs, pidsnt and mimhn Address"COLLECTOR," Cera of IrWs Weekly, 8® Waring Sq. ROSSI BROTHERS&lt;-f$ Waslnfiest SpmICE CREAM AND TOBACCO The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Square"Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Less, Xt'a Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Uager. Tbsr® on be ao pleasanter plb©® to bear tiaat raasarksiUsUrns; Recent fWw (IJSSSi) ifcs«tTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIlb tint store, at least, the defigbtfal staMfJhare »l Qfc§ Greenwfeb Village bas w»Ion the altar ofA postal will bring yen, with oaren interesting little biography of Mr.Phone: Stayvesant 4570Thos. A.