The mask 10 2 April 1924 naau_1924-04_01 The mask 10 2 FROM A LITHOGRAPH BY DAUMIER AND PHILIPON. MAY 1837. LA CHARIVARI. Spèculateur Dramatique "Votre ouvrage est assez BONNE.... la ferai recevoir, je ferai copier le manuscript et vous ne me donnarez Pour cela que les trois quarts du droit mais une à la quelle je tiens. c'est que ie sois seul en nom, c'est une condition Sine qua NONNE!" Illustration 2 DRAMA AND PLAY J. S cre 3-4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 A PORTRAIT OF LODOVICO ARIOSTO. 1474-1533. From the woodcut after Titian's design in the "Orlando Furioso", Ferrara 1532. Illustration 5 THE DECREE OF MOSCOW. TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH BY PIERRE RAMES, AND WITH FOREWORD, COMMENTS AND NOTES BY JOHN BALANCE. 7 NAPOLEON AND THE THEATRE. 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 DECRET RE MOSCOU 10-20 A LIST OF NAPOLEON'S FAVOURITE PIECES. J. B cre 21 Untitled Image Illustration 21 PLAYS OLD AND NEW. HENRY GAY CALVIN cre 22-23; 25-29 A PORTRAIT OF HANS SACHS IN HIS 81st YEAR. (From a Print.) Plate 6. Illustration 23 IL PIAN TO DELLA VERGINE. A DRAMA JACOPONE DA TODI cre 29-30 SO much for an Italian as a beginning :— 30-35 JACOPONE DA TODI. A WOODCUT REPRODUCED FROM THE Laudi. Firenze, Francesco Bonaccorsi, 28 Sept. 1490, in-4. Illustration 31 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 35 A PLEA FOR BREAKING THE ICE. C. G. SMITH cre 36-40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 THE WRITER. From "Iets Voor Allen, Zynde een Verhandeling En Verbeelding van allerhande, Standen, Studien, Konsten, Wetenschappen, Handwerken enz; Door den berugten Pater Abraham van St. Clara. In't Nederduyts overgebragt Door J.le Long. t'Amsteldam, 1719. Plate 7. Illustration 41 ON "THE TEMPEST". E. GORDON CRAIG cre 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 SOME BIBLIOGRAPHICAL NOTES. ON SOME OLD PLAYS AND WOOD CUTS, FELIX URBAN cre 44-45 THE SUPPOSITI OF ARIOSTO. 44 FLORI ANA A WOODCUT, 1 526. REPRODUCED FROM: Comedia nobilis | sima et ridicu | losa chia | mata Flo | riana. | Novissimamente historiata et emendata | con l'esemplare del pro | prio autore. | Stampata in Vinegia per Giovannantonio e fratelli da Sabio, ad instanza di Nicolo Dome ! nigo fratelli del Giesù, nell'anno di uo | stra salute M.DXXVI( 1526) in-8. Illustration 44 o THE FARCE OF o 44 A WOODCUT, 1527. REPRODUCED FROM: Comedia DI PUBLIO | PHILIPPO MANTO | VANO DETTA FORMICONE. NUO | VAMENTE H1STO | RIATA, Stampata in Vinegia ad instantia di Nicolò, | &amp; Domenego Fratelli del Giesii. I M.DXXVII (1527) in-8. Illustration 44 PIERRE PATHELIN AND THE CLOTH MERCHANT. FROM THE GOTHIC EDITION OF THE FARCE. PARIS, GERMAIN BENEAUT 1490, IN 4to. Illustration 45 PIERRE PATHELIN AND THE SHEPHERD. FROM THE GOTHIC EDITION OF THE FARCE. PARIS, GERMAIN BENEAUT 1490, IN 4to. Illustration 45 A SCENE FROM THE "SUPPOSITI" OF ARIOSTO. FROM THE EDITION PRINTED AT VENEZIA 1526. Illustration 45 TODAY'S FARCES AND THE FUTURE. 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR APRIL 1924 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 " ACCA " A NEW STAGE LANGUAGE. Faithfully, Lilian Antler cre 47 Sir: Faithfully. Conrad Tower cre 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 BOOK REVIEWS. 48-53 Untitled Image Illustration 48 SIX BOOKS IN A SECOND CLASS COMPARTMENT, by François M. Florian. F. M. F cre 48-49 THE TRAGED Y OF MR PUNCH: 49 THE GOOD FAIRY. 49 EIGHT REVIEWS. THE FOLLOWING EIGHT REVIEWS ARE OF PLAYS BY POETS &amp; PLAYWRIGHTS REFERRED TO IN THE ARTICLE " PLAYS OLD AND NEW " &amp; ARE BY THE SAME AUTHOR. 50-53 PLAYS AND 50 MELLONEY HOLTSPUR 50 PHOENIX by Lascelles Ahercrombie. 50 MISTER BOSHERUS AND 50 SUCCESS by A. A: Milne. (Chatto 50 HASSAN by James Elroy Flecker. 50 THE CONQUERING HERO 51 THE SECRET LIFE by Harley 51 THREE MODERN JAPANESE 51 THREE PLAYS by Pirandello, 51-52 A HISTORY OF THE 52 MADAME VESTRIS AND HER 52 WOODCUTS AND SOME WORDS by Gordon Craig. (Dent &amp; Sons, London) 1924. 10/6 net. (Large Paper Edition, £, 3.3.0 net.). Gordon Craig cre 52-53 MAGAZINES. 53 says some sound things of Duse and 53 EDITORIAL NOTES. 53-54 Untitled Image Illustration 53 TO FEEL OR NOT TO FEEL. 53-54 A GOOD LECTURE. 54 A NOTE ON "ACCA". J. S cre 54 THE MASK1924 Plate 5. The Mask1908 1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 All Rights reserved. April 1924.*Gerente responsabile Ferdinando BaggianiTipografia Giuntina, Firenze. FROM A LITHOGRAPH BY DAUMIER AND PHILIPON. MAY 1837. LA CHARIVARI.Spèculateur Dramatique"Votre ouvrage est assez BONNE.... la ferai recevoir, je ferai copier le manuscript etvous ne me donnarez Pour cela que les trois quarts du droit mais une à la quelle je tiens. c'est que ie sois seul en nom, c'est une condition Sine qua NONNE!" DRAMA AND PLAY J. S. IT has been lately rather aggressively asserted that scenic artists havehad or claimed rather too much attention for their work.If it were so it were a grievous fault. But is it so?Especially unfortunate would it be if by paying a little too muchattention to sceneries people were to be distracted from the plays. —But is it so?We have always stood out against such attempts to push forwardthis or that part of the Theatre and to push back some other partof it.For us it seems that, while the whole Theatre as instrument, is worthfull attention, any one bit of it alone and separated from the otherbits was barely worth anything.It is through this Instrument that the Drama comes, and Dramacannot exactly be called one of the parts of the instrument itself.The Play is one of the most popular things and anything but disre- garded today.The Records of the Lord Chamberlain's Offices proves how popular.Thousands of plays have been written, passed by the Censor andperformed these last fifty years, though to hear the cry raised only lastyear at the audacity of the scenic men having a little look in,one wouldhave supposed plays were being rejected by the thousand, and Drama writers the most put-upon men. There is no set of men in the Theatre betteroff than the play writers; they make their regular nightly percentage offrom two to twenty pounds sterling, according to the size of the playhouses.And if a playwriter have one or another play of his being performedin five or six different theatres in Great Britain and in four or five Ame- rican theatres and in three or four Continental theatres during one week,that means that he is receiving at the very least twelve fees that week,twelve five pound notes (let us keep the average low) to sum up sixtypounds.We have been to Sweden, Germany, Holland, Russia, Denmark,France, Italy and America, and believe that in all these places we haveseen the plays by our English playwriters.And besides these wideworld sources of income there are others asNwidely spread about. The plays are in book form or in magazines,and in most lands one comes across them.Then the cinematograph rights!So let no one therefore pity the poor popular playwriter: let us rathercheer him up under so much prosperity and tell him that all's well andthat adversity, though it have its sweet side, has a bitter one too likeprosperity.Three publishers last Christmas were offering six and nine and twenty- five plays apiece for the public's delight and the playwright's pros- perity. As for books on the playwrights and play writing, they too werequite numerous last year, and a good thing too.It is one of the now rather famous misrepresentations made about" The Mask " that it utterly disregards the play and the playwriter." The Mask " has a duty to perform, and part of this certainly isto respect and consider with pride the work of the best dramatists; but itsgreater duty is to see that other work and other workers are not pushedaside, though of course it cannot do anything to secure for theseother workers the nice fat incomes which many a more admirable, pushful and topical playwriter has assured himself of. (1) We hope that their scenes have in no way thinned the receipts. A PORTRAIT OF LODOVICO ARIOSTO. 1474-1533.From the woodcut after Titian's design in the "Orlando Furioso", Ferrara 1532. THE DECREE OF MOSCOW. TRANSLATED FROM THE FRENCH BY PIERRE RAMES, ANDWITH FOREWORD, COMMENTS AND NOTES BY JOHN BALANCE. TO discipline ourselves, to putin order our English Play- house so that it may be fitto receive and to interpretthe Dramatic masterpieces of thePoets or whatever of value we mayin time come to create, some Rulesother than those dictated by the com- mercial sense of the day are necessary.There seems no reason why weshould wait to have imposed uponour House conditions which, by useof a little common-sense, we couldourselves draw up.To this end some study of theDecree of Moscow may not bewithout its uses. Napoleon was a practical beingwith his ideals fixed ; one of thesewas for a better Theatre.In his Decree, which today re- mains as valuable to theFrancaise as it was in 1812, he&gt; 7 .has shown his good sense for theplayhouse, and we might profitby it.In the Decree we find no super- fluous expression of ideals, no noblesentiments, nothing but downrightcommon-sense: but the common- sense is not common in the senseof being at all mean. It is no shop- keeper's estimate ; it is a states- man's sensible decree. NAPOLEONAND THE THEATRE. NAPOLEON from the beginning of hiscareer to the end of it valued theTheatre, made use of it, honoured itsmembers and kept it fit.From the first he was often in thecompany of the actor Talma. When in1796 he married Josephine, it was fromRue Chantereine N. 6, the house which hadbelonged to Julie Carreau, the first wife ofTalma ; she had been there six months ;from October of 1795 to March 9th1796, the day that Bonaparte and shewere united. Only a coincidence.When in 1799 he is setting out for Egypt it is one of his orders as Consulthat a troupe of actors and dancers shallbe rapidly brought together and sent there.The boats were ready to leave when theorder was given out in November. Theactors wishing to go were to apply to theTheatre de la Republique, Rue de laLoi, giving their names, ages, and statingwhat they could do. Laplace, ministerof the Interior, was to see to it: he em- ploys Maherault who was the governmen- tal commissioner, believing that all the ac- tors that were necessary would soon besecured. Delorme was proposed as a di- rector by Monvel pere. Rebie the oldimpresario of the theatres of Louvois andNicolet at Paris, and in 1 799 the directorof the Grand Theatre at Brussels, offeredhis services as organizer. Deschamps the director of the Jeunes-Artistes Salle Neuvedes Spectacles applied for the same post,offering his troupe, ready to leave atonce for Egypt, whom he guaranteed hadgood will and first class memories andcould play 130 new pieces, for whichhe had the parts, the music, costumes,and he awaited the honour of a reply....with respect....Besides these wholesale dealers inTheatricals many a dancer, actor, stage- manager and costumier applied, all of themunder thirty-nine years of age and mostof them eighteen to twenty.In the national archives of France wecan read their several applications. Amongthem is one from a " M. Brisse, ex-mairede la commune de Nancy, artiste autheatre de Nantes, premiers roles ".Helas, poor M. Brisse the ex-maireof Nancy who wished to play premiersroles in a booth on the banks of the Nilewas destined to be disappointed : not oneof the applicants but was destined to havehis hop es dashed ; for important M. Mahe- rault utterly failed to organize this verysimple affair.Bonaparte, who has no time yet toshow the Maheraults of this world howto make an egg stand upright, leaves forEgypt without his actors. That the De- cree of Moscow was born of this failureof M. Maherault we can have littledoubt.§ A year later on December 22,1800 (or the year IX) Bonaparte writesto Chaptal the new minister of the Inte- rior to send a troupe of French actors toEgypt, and adds that though at first itseems futile, it is necessary, and he sug- gests how it should be done.It was done ; off went a boat full ofactors bound for Cairo; but in a fewweeks back comes the news that the shipload has been seized by the English on the night of the 18 th Pravial about adozen leagues west of Alexandria.After some time they were rescued.Their agent was paid 1 5,000 francs, andin all 60,000 francs went to the expenseof this disastrous attempt to entertain thearmy in Africa, for which First ConsulBonaparte has estimated 40,000 francs assufficient.Whether any French actors ever lan- ded in Egypt in 1800 does not seemclear, though 1 always understood thatsome company did get there and perform.These failures doubtless strengthenedBonaparte's determination, sooner or later,to organize the French Theatre beyondits power to fail.So much for the beginning. And atthe end, during the Hundred Days, spiteof the confusion which reigned, Napoleonissues his " Instruction sur les Theatres ",May 1815. It consists of 31 clauses ;and after the hundred days were overthe * Instruction ', though not bettered,,was applied.When he becomes Emperor, Na- poleon does not seem to have been struckby any of the ideas which obtain today....those ideas which Messrs Klaw and Er- langer and others put to such good prac- tice (with such abominable results), and bywhich they held (and still hold for all Iknow) control of some hundreds of thea- tres in America. The unbusinesslike me- thods of our day, whereby millions ofpounds are wasted on producing stuff noone wants, and other millions wasted inmaking everyone come and see the stuff 0)did not appeal to Napoleon.These methods had however appealed? to the Parisians at the time of the Revo- lution, and even the Revolution and all itsrighteousness failed to cure the trouble.Theatricals had become like a big swift- growing creeper ; the theatre had by 1 799spread wherever it wished ; it was beco- ming a nuisance and killing itself by un- controlled overgrowth.In 1807 Napoleon, always keen ongardening, turns his attention to this plant,and, like a wise husbandman, prunes thecreeper Theatricus Dramaticus.In a few minutes the matter is settledand a new start is made, or rather infourteen days.He gave Paris fourteen days withinwhich to close all its many hundred thea- tres, public and private. Eight theatresalone were to be allowed to develope,and the sappers of the strength of Dra- matic Art and the Theatrical professionwere cut off.Do this in London in 1924 and you'llsee a vast improvement in Dramatic Art.The three large Parisian Theatres whichwere allowed to function were :1. L'Academie imperiale de Musique,ie. the Opera.2. Le Theatre Frangais.3. Le Theatre de l'lmperatrice, ie.i'Odeon.Two supplementary theatres annexedto these were also allowed to remainopen :4. Opera-Comique.5. Vaudeville.Besides these three inferior theatres,Les Varietes, La Gaite and L'Ambigu,were to go on.And, lest his Parisians should doubtwhether • he was serious, he limited everytown in France to a theatre a-piece exceptthe towns of Lyons, Bordeaux, Marseille,Nantes and Turin which were allowed tohave two. Of the two hundred and se- venty towns which were restricted to onetheatre each some were of considerablesize and importance. For example Nancy,Dijon, Geneve, Chambery, Toulon, Li- moges, Orleans, Tours, Caen, Amiens,Dieppe, Versailles, Cologne, Aix-Ia-Cha- pelle, Bruges, Mayence and Coblentz werein this list.Only fourteen towns were allowed tohave permanent troupes, and the othersmight only at most accomodate one ortwo troupes ambulantes.Having done this excellent bit of pru- ning the gardener allowed nature to dothe rest.And now for five years the theatreunder his supervision begins to show signsof great improvement; so at the end ofthat time (in 181 2) he decides that it isworth while giving to it a whole day'sattention.On that day, October 15th, he is inMoscow, and there he signs the " De- cret de Moscou ", held by everyone to- day to still be a masterpiece of theatricalorganization. This plan, they say, wasbegun upon March 22nd.Nature, always fond of her joke, andto remind gardeners in the future that theyare after all very little things, Nature onthat very day, March 22nd, shakes her- self gently in the south, causing part ofthe Amphitheatrum Flavium, ie. the Colos- seum of Roma, to fall. (1) t€ But they do want it " howl the interested:hut that is only the worn-out of these same inte~~rested ones. For if the public wanted it, millions ofpounds would not have to be wasted in advertisement:the public would rush to get what they Want, for thisthey always do in sensible lands. DECRET RE MOSCOU Ottobre 15, 1812 (a). „,.0.. * i • . •Of the Superintendence, Administration,Finance, Police and Discipline of theTheatre-Francais. CLAUSE ONE. OF THE DIRECTION AND SUPERVISION OFTHE THEATRE FRANC AIS.Article 1. — The Theatre-Frangaiswill continue to be placed under the su- pervision and direction of the superinten- dent of Our spectacles.2. —An imperial commissioner (c), tobe named by Ourself, will be chargedwith the transmission to the actors of theorders of the superintendent. He willsupervise all departments of the admini- stration and finance.3. — He will be charged, upon hisown responsibility, with having carriedout, in all their provisions, the regulations orders of service of the superinten- | rp | • 1 i *|1 iident.— lo this end, he will personallygive the orders necessary (d).4. — In case of non-execution or vio-Mon of regulationS) he wiU dmwa written report&gt; and transmit it to thesuperintendent. CLAUSE TWO. OF THE ASSOCIATION OF THETHEATRE - FRANCAIS .5. — The actors (e) of Our Theatre-Frangais will continue to be united in asociety, which will be administered accor- ding to the following rules.6. — The proceeeds from the re- ceipts, less all the expenses and outlays,will be divided into twenty-four parts.7. — One of these parts will be setby in reserve, to be applied by the su- perintendent to unforeseen requirements ;if it be not employed in its entirety, thesurplus will be distributed at the end ofthe year among the societaires. 8. — One half part will be set asidein reserve to augment the pension fund ofthe society.9. — One half part will be annuallyemployed in decorations, furnishings, cos- tumes of the wardrobe, repairs of loges,and upkeep of the house, according tothe orders of the superintendent. Thereservations ordained by the articles 7, 8,and 9 will only take place successivelyand according as occasion arises,.10. — The twenty-two remaining partswill continue to be apportioned among theactor-societaires; from one eighth of ashare to one whole share, which will bethe maximum.11. — The unappropriated shares orportions of shares will be accorded or di- stributed by the superintendent of Our spec- tacles. SECTION II («) . OF THE RETIRING PENSIONS.§ 1st. Of the time necessary for anactor to obtain his pension, and of its quota.12. — Every member who shall bereceived shall enter into a contract toplay for twenty years ; and, after twentyyears of uninterrupted service, he shall beable to retire, unless the superintendentthinks well to retain him.The twenty years shall date from theday of debut when this shall have beenimmediately followed by admission on trialand then into the society13. — The member who shall re- tire after twenty years shall have the right:1st to a pension for life of two thousandfrancs from the funds destined to theTheatre-Frangais, by the decree of the13 th of Messidor, Year X; 2nd to a pen- sion of equal amount out of the funds ofthe society of which mention is made inarticle 8.14. — If the superintendent thinkswell to prolong the service of a memberbeyond twenty years, there will be ad- ded, when he shall retire, a further hun- dred francs per year to each of the pen- sions referred to in the preceeding ar- ticle.15. — A member who, owing to anaccident having as its immediate cause theservice of Our Theatre- Frangais or of thetheatres of Our palaces, shall be obligedto retire before having accomplished histwenty years, will receive in full the pen- sions set down iji article 13.16. — In case of incapacity to servearising from any other cause than thatstated in article 15, the member shall beable, even before completing his twentyyears of service, to be placed on theretired list by order of the superinten- dent.In this case, and if he have more thanten years of service, to his credit, he shallhave right to a pension out of the go- vernment fund, and one out of thetaires' fund : each of these pensions shallbe at the rate of a hundred francs foreach year of service, if he was holding afull share; of seventy-five francs, if heheld three-quarters (of a share), and so on in proportionate degree to his share inthe profits of the society W.17. — If the member have fulfilledless than ten years service, the superin- tendent shall be able to propose to Us thepension that he shall hold fitting to ac- cord him, according to the services ren- dered to the society and the circumstan- ces in which he shall be placed.18. — All these pensions shall beaccorded by decisions issued in Our councilof State, upon the judgment of the com- mittee, as has been ordained for Our im- perial academy of music by Our decree ofJanuary 20th 1811.§ 2. Of the Method of paying the pensions.19. — The pensions chargeable uponthe fund of a hundred thousand francs ofrevenue accorded by Us to Our Theatre-Frangais will be paid every three months,out of the funds which will be receivedfrom the sinking fund.20. — In case of insufficiency, pro- vision will be made from the part set byin reserve for unforeseen necessities.21. — To ensure the payment of thepensions accorded upon the particular fundsof the society, there will be deducted be- forehand, each year, and each month, outof the general receipts, a sum of fiftythousand francs G).22. — This sum will be paid intothe hands of the notary of the Theatre-Fran$ais, and placed by him to the cre- dit of the society, according to the rulesprescribed by article 32.23. — No societaire can pledge or transfer to another the share for whichhe contributes to this revenue.24. — On the retirement of eachcietaire, or at his death, reimbursement ofcapital from this reserved fund shall bemade to each member or to his heirs, inproportion to what he shall have contri- buted.25. — Every member who shall quitthe theatre without having obtained thepermission of the superintendent, shall for- feit the sum which he shall have contri- buted, and will not have a right to anypension26. — Until such time as, by meansof the above provisions, a revenue of fiftythousand francs be attained, the pensionsof the society will be paid, in equal pro- portions, out of the interest of the reservefunds and but of the general receipts ofeach month.27. — When the revenue shall beestablished, if there is any balance afterthe annual payment of the pensions, it willbe disposed of for the benefit of the so- ciety, with the authorization of the supe- rintendent 0. SECTION III. OF THE RETIREMENT OF THE SALARIEDACTORS, AND EMPLOYES .28. — After twenty years or moreof uninterrupted service on the part of asalaried actor or actress, after only tenyears of service in case of infirmities, and,in case of accidents, as stated for the so- cietal! es, article 15, the su perintendent shall be able to propose to Us to grant,half out of the fund of a hundred thou- sand francs, and half out of that of thesociety, a pension which, all included,shall not exceed the half of the salarywhich the actor or actress shall haveenjoyed during the last three years of ser- vice29. — The imperial commissioner shallbe able also to obtain a retiring fund orpension in accordance with the regulationsestablished in article 28; but it will bepaid in full out of the fund of a hun- dred thousand francs. CLAUSE THREE. SECTION I. OF THE ADMINISTRATION OFTHE INTERESTS OF THE SOCIETY.30. — A committee, composed ofsix men, members of the society, presidedover by the imperial commissioner, andhaving a secretary to keep the minutes ofthe deliberations, will be charged with themanagement and administration of the inte- rests of the society.The superintendent will nominate, eachyear, the members of this committee.They will be indefinitely re-eligible.Three of these members will be char- ged with the execution of its resolu- tions (n).31. The superintendent shall be ableto revoke them and substitute them at will. 32. — The particular functions ofthis committee shall be :1st. — To draw up, each year, thebudget or presumed estimate of the expen- ses of every kind, and to submit them tothe examination of the general assemblyof the members and to the approval of thesuperintendent ;2nd. — To order and have dischar- ged, within the limits contained in thebudget of each kind of expenses, thosewhich shall be necessary for all depart- ments of the service ; to which end oneof its members will be designated for thesigning of orders for supplies or for work,and of orders for payment;3rd. — To draw up contracts for allpurchases, undertakings of service, or actsfor the society ;4th. — To inspect, regulate and or- der in all the departments of the salle,theatre, magazines, etc ;5th. — To verify the receipts, to ins- pect the box office receipts, and to carryout the payment of the shares, salaries,pensions or sums set in reserve, accordingto the present regulation ;6th. — To exercise in regard to allpayments or in every other case, whetheras claimant or defendant, all the acts andrights of the society, after having, howe- ver, taken the advice of the general as- sembly, and the authorization of the su- perintendent. SECTION II. OF THE EXPENSES, PAYMENTS,AND ACCOUNTING.33. — The cashier will be nomina- ted by the committee, and submitted tothe approbation of the superintendent.He will furnish in real estate (7m- meuble) a security of sixty thousand francs,the titles of which will be verified by thenotary of the theatre, who shall have allthe conservative acts drawn up in thename of the society.34. — At the end of each monththe statements of receipts and ex penditureswill be checked by the committee, and ap- proved by the imperial commissioner.35. — Following upon this checkingand this approval there will be first de- ducted from the receipts; 1st the au- thors rights ; then all the expenses : ie 1st,actors' salaries, payments of employes or su- pernumeraries—( gagistes) ; 2nd the pre- scribed sum for the pension fund of thesociety ; 3nd the sum total of the bills,both for the running expenses and extra- ordinary items (ph36. — The rest will be dividedconformably to the articles 6, 7, 8, 9and 10.37. — The cashier will receive everythree months, from the sinking fund, thequarter of the hundred thousand francs ofrevenue destined for the Theatre-Frangais,and will liquidate with these twenty-fivethousand francs, and, at need, with theproceeds of the share of which mentionis made in article 7, in accordance withthe statements drawn up by the imperialcommissioner and checked by the supe- rintendent: 1st, the pensions of the retiredactors or other pensioners ; 2nd the in- demnities as supplement to the salaries ac- corded to the actors ; 3rd the salary ofthe imperial commissioner ; 4th the rentof the salle. f*)38. — At the end of each year thecashier will make out the statement of thereceipts and expenses, for the funds of thesociety.39. — This statement will be laidbefore the committee, which will examineit and give its opinion.It will then be presented to the ge- neral assembly of the who shallhave the right to nominate a commissionof three of its members to re-examine itand make observations regarding it if therebe occasion, in another general assembly.Finally, the account will be submittedto the superintendent, who will approve itif there be ground for so doing.40. — The cashier will also drawup the account of the hundred thousandfrancs accorded by the government,and of the shares put at the disposal ofthe superintendent. This account will beviseed by the imperial commissioner, andchecked by the superintendent.41. — Out of the part reserved forunforeseen expenses there shall be able tobe accorded by the superintendent, to thoseactors or actresses who should find them- selves charged with over-heavy expensesfor costumes or toilettes, an authorizationto have made by the wardrobe depart- ment dresses in which to play one or se- veral roles. SECTION III. OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLIES.42. — The general assembly of allthe societaires is necessarily convoked bythe committee, and is held for the follow- ing objects :1st, At the latest in the last week ofthe last month of the year, to examine andgive its opinion on the budget for thefollowing year, in conformance with the 1stparagraph of the 32nd article ;2nd. At the latest in the last weekof the first month of each year to exa- mine the statement of accounts of the pre- ceeding year, and then to hear the report ofthe commission, if one has been nominated.43. — The general assembly mustbe, moreover, convoked by the committeeevery time that there is occasion for theinvestment of money ; actions to sustain,either as defendant or claimant; expendi- ture to be made exceeding those expen- ses authorized by the budget: cases inwhich the general assembly is to give itsopinion, after which the superintendent de- cides, after having seen the opinion of thecouncil which is spoken of under Clause VII.44. — The general assembly can, inaddition, be convoked by order of thesuperintendent when he deems it neces- sary to consult it, or with his authoriza- tion, if the committee demands it, for allextraordinary and unforeseen cases. CLAUSE IV. OF THE THEATRE ADMINISTRATION,SECTION I. GENERAL45. — The committee, establishedby article 30, shall be equally charged with all which concerns the theatrical ad- ministration, the formation of the reperto- ries, the execution of the orders for debuts,the reception of the new pieces, under thesupervision of the imperial commissioner andthe authority of the superintendent,§ 1st. Of the distribution of the parts.46. — The superintendent W will de- termine, immediately on publication of thepresent regulation, the exact distributionof the different parts.He will consequently cause to be drawitup a general statement of all the pieces,whether included in or to be added to{the repertoire), with the names of theactors and actresses among the societaireswho are to play, in first, second or thirdrank, the roles of each of these pieces,according to their line of business andtheir seniority, to the end that there maybe no further controversy in this matter (sh47. — No actor or actress shall beable to hold the first rank for two diffe- rent lines of business without a specialauthorization of the superintendent, whowill accord it but rarely and then onlyfor weighty reasons.48. — If an actor or actress, holdingpremier rank in one line of business wishesto play another ; if, for example, holdinga tragic part, he wishes to play in co- medy, or if, playing the roles of jeunepremier he wishes to play some other line,he may not take precedence over him whoheld the first rank in that line before, butwill take the second rank in the said lineof business even should he be senior tohis comrade. Our superintendent shall only be ableto authorize him to play the roles of thehew line which he shall wish to assumealternatively with him who was playingthem en chef ou en premier; (ie, whowas already playing first lead in that par- ticular line) W.§ 2. Of the formation of the Repertory.49. — The repertory will be drawnup in the committee established by arti- cle 30, to which will be added, forthis purpose alone, two women socie- taires (u), in conformity with the decreeof the council of December 9th 1780.50. — The repertories will be arran- ged in such a manner that each role mayhave a second or understudy designated,who can play in default of the leadingactor, if he have valid excuses, and with- out the piece being necessarily changed orits performance retarded owing to the ab- sense of one or more of the leading actors.51. — To supervise the performanceof the repertory two societaires shall beadded to the committee under the title oisemainiers (ie, on duty by the week) ;each societaire will be semainier in histurn (v).52. — If an understudy being chargedwith a role in the repertory fall ill, the actor of first rank in that line, if he be well,will be bound to play it on being notifiedby the semainier.53. — A leading actor may not refuseto play, nor wholly abandon to his un- derstudy, any of the premier roles of hisown line of business ; he will play them,good or bad, when called upon to do soby the repertory,54. — No leading actor shall be ableto reserve exclusively for himself one ormore roles of his line of business. Thecommittee will take the necessary measuresso that the understudies may be heard bythe public in the principal roles of theirrespective lines of business three or fourtimes a month (w).They will also be equally watchful tothe end that the acteurs a Vessais, (pro- bationers) may be afforded means ofexercising their talents and of having theirprogress adjudged. CLAUSE V. OF THE NEW PIECES AND OF THE AUTHORS.68. — The reading of the new pieceswill take place before a council com- posed of nine persons, chosen among thesenior societaires, by the superintendent,who will nominate in addition three sub- stitutes, so that the number of the membersof the committee may be always complete.69. — Acceptance will be decided*by the majority of the votes W.70. — If one part of the votes bein favour of return for correction, anotherballot shall be taken on the question ofthe return, and votes cast as Yes or No.71. — If there are only four votesin favour of return for correction, the pieceis accepted.72. — The author's part in the pro- ceeds of the receipts, ie, in the third pre- deducted for expenses, is one eighth for apiece in five or four acts ; one twelfth fora piece in three acts, and one sixteenthfor a piece in one or two acts; the au- thors and actors may, however, makeanother agreement at their mutual pleasure.73. — The author's returns commencefrom the moment when rehearsal of hispiece begins and continue for three yearsafter the first representation in the case ofa work in five or four acts, two years inthe case of a work in three acts, one yearin the case of a piece in one and two acts.The author of two pieces in five and in fouracts, or of three pieces in three acts, or offour pieces in one act, which have been re- tained in the theatre, receives his incomefrom them throughout his lifetime. CLAUSE VI. OF THE "POLICE" (DISCIPLINE).74. — The presidency and disciplineof the assemblies, whether in general orof the various committees, is exercised bythe imperial commissioner. 75. — Any person who fails in su- bordination towards his superiors ; who,without an excuse which is judged valid,brings about the change of the spectacleindicated on the repertory or who refusesto play either a role of his own line ofbusiness or another role which may becast for him in the service of the theatresof Our palaces, or who causes the serviceto fail by not being at his post at thehour fixed, is condemned, according to thegravity of the case, to one of the follow- ing penalties (y).76. — These penalties are fines, exclu- sion from the general assemblies of thesocietaires and from the committee of ad- ministration, temporary or definitive expul- sion from the theatre, the loss of the pen- sion, and arrest.The fines under twenty-five francs willbe inflicted by the committee presidedover by the imperial commissioner.The exclusion from the general assem- blies and from the committee of admini- stration may be inflicted in the same man- ner ; but the imperial commissioner is boundto render an account of the reasons to thesuperintendent.The imperial commissioner who shallhave requested the committee to inflict apenalty will, in case of refusal so todo, inform the superintendent, who willdecide.78. — The fines over twenty-fivefrancs and the other punishments are in- flicted by the superintendent upon the re- port, assigning the causes, of the imperialcommissioner. Final expulsion will only take place ingrave cases and after the opinion of thecommittee has been taken.79. — No individual may absent him- self without the permission of the supe- rintendent.80. — Leaves of absense are givenby the superintendent, who cannot accordmore than two at one time, nor for alonger period than two months : they can- not take place save after May 1st and be- fore November 1st.Any individual who, having obtaineda leave of absense, outstays the term, paysa fine equal to the proceeds of his shareduring all the time that he shall have beenabsent from the theatre.82. — When an individual, after tenyears of service, shall have reiterated forthe space of a. year the application forhis retirement, and shall declare thathe has the intention of not performingany more in any theatre, either Frenchor foreign, his retirement may not berefused him ; but he will not have aright to any pension, nor to withdraw hisshare of the annual fund of fifty thousandfrancs (zb CLAUSE VII. GENERAL DISPOSITIONS.83. — The -actors of the TheatreFrangais shall not be able to exemptthemselves from giving a performance everyday without a special authorization of thesuperintendent, under pain of paying, foreach closure, a sum of five hundred francs,which will be deposited in the coffer for the poor at the disposal of the prefect ofpolice.84. — Each societaire having accom- plished thirty years of effective serviceshall be able to obtain a performance forhis benefit at the time of his retirement:this performance shall not be able totake place save in the Theatre-Frangais,in conformity with Our decree of July 29th1807.85. — Any individual who has re- tired from the Theatre-Francais shall not_&gt;be able to reappear in any theatre,whether in Paris or the departments,without the permission of the superin- tendent (wwb86. — All matters of dispute shallbe submitted to the examination of acouncil of lawyers, and no judicial pro- ceedings shall be able to be taken in thename of the society without the opinionof the council having been taken.This council will to be com- f vposed as it is at the present time, andwill be reduced in the future, by deathor resignation, to the number of threejurisconsults, two advocates, and. a notaryof the theatre.In case of vacancies the nominationwill be made by the committee with theagreement of the superintendent.87. — The superintendent will makesuch rules as he shall judge necessary forall departments of the interior admini- stration.88. — The decrees of the 29th Julyand 1st November 1807 are maintainedin all which is not contrary to the abovedisposition. CLAUSE VIII. OF THE PUPILS OF THE THEATREFRANC A IS (xx).§ 1st. Number,nomination,and maintenance of89. — There will be, at Our impe- rial Conservatory, eighteen pupils for OurTheatre-Fra ngais, nine of each sex.90. -— They will be designated byOur Minister of the Interior, they will beaged less than fifteen years.91. — They will be treated at theConservatory like the other students who areadmitted there for singing and lyric tragedy.92. — They will be able to followthe music classes ; but they will be moreespecially applied to the art of declama- tion, and will follow punctually the cour- ses of the professors, according to thegenre for which they shall be destined.93. — To this end, independentlyof the professors, there will be, for thedramatic art, two tutors of a differentkind, who will cause the pupils to reciteand work each day in the intervals of theclasses, at hours which will be fixed.94. — There will be, besides, a pro- fessor of grammar, of history and ofmythology as applied to the dramatic art,who will specially teach the pupils des- tined for the Theatre-Francais by). 95. — The pupils, will be examinedevery year by the professors and the direc- tor of the Conservatory; and a report of theresult will be given to Our Minister ofthe Interior and to the superintendent ofthe theatres.96. — The pupils who shall not raisehopes of themselves shall not continue theircourses, and will be replaced97. — Those who should not yet becapable of making their debut in ourTheatre-Frangais shall be able, with thepermission of the superintendent, to engagethemselves for a time at the theatre deI'Odeon, or in the companies of the de- partments.98. — Those who shall be judgedcapable of making their debut shall beable to receive from the superintendent anordre de debut,and to be, according tocustom, put on trial during at least a year,and subsequently admitted as asit is stated in article 67.§ 2. Of the expenditures for the pu- pils of the dramatic99. — The expenditure for each ofthe pupils is fixed at 1,100 francs. Thesalary, for each of the tutors, at 2,200 francs.The professor's salary at 3,000 francs.100. — In consequence, Our Ministerof the Interior will dispense from the fund for unforeseen expenses of his ministry,26,800 francs above that allowed for OurImperial Conservatory of music.101. — Our Ministers of the Police,of the Interior, of Finance, of the Trea- sury, and the Superintendant of Our Thea- tres are charged with the execution of thepresent decree, which will be incorpora- ted in the " Bulletin de Lois ".SignedNAPOLEON.By the EmperorThe Minister Secretary of StateDUG DE CADORE. A FINAL WORD. SO ends the famous Decree which broughttogether, sealed and legalized all the re- forms attempted by Napoleon since 1802.As Lecomte points out, it reconciled twocontrary principles, using the good that wasin each: the principles of democracy, whichwere represented by the Committee, and themonarchic principle represented by the Sur- intendant.Since the Decree was created it has un- dergone only the very faintest revision, forwhenever its careful administrators attemptedto alter a single essential they found themselvesforced back upon the original document, whichit was found impossible to improve on. Timeand again the attempt to better the Decreewas tried and failed.When in 1814 Napoleon was beaten andobliged to abdicate, betrayed by many ofthose men and women whose fortunes he hadmade, the Come die Frangaise, perfect bynow in its grammar but slightly deficient stillin History and Mythology (see Clause 94),threw open its doors to welcome Louis XVIII.Caliban : *Ban, 'Ban, Ca-CalibanHas a new master—Get a new man.Freedom, hey-day ! hey-day, freedom ! free- dom, heyday, f r e edom !Siefano : O brave monster ! lead the way.And on the evening of April 2nd Talma,the head of the Comedie, reads from thestage of the old playhouse verses crying downhis vanquished Emperor, benefactor and theFrench Theatre's truest friend. It is said that the whole house compelledhim to do this.Madame Raucourt did better—she died.And for the others, they were proud to callthemselves Comediens ordinaires du Roi. THEN the Hundred Days.Returning to Paris on the 17th of April1815 Napoleon established himself at theElysees: he attended two performances, oneon April 17th at the Opera and one at theTheatre Frangais on April 21st. He signi- fied to Talma, Lafon and Duchesnois his sa- tisfaction with the way in which they hadplayed their parts.It is not true, as some report, that theground opened beneath them. They had tosuffer where they stood. The benefits whichhe had heaped on them became bearable.On May 31st the Opera sends a gift of3000 francs to the Minister of the Interiorand was held to be very patriotic for thedeed. When in the accounts we see that Na- poleon paid between March 20th and May30th 3,111 francs 10 centimes for his swhich he used but once, the exact worth ofthe patriotism becomes evident.The Theatres at Lyons and Toulousewished to hastily put on a vaudeville piece" The Return of the Hero ", and a drama," The Triumph of Leon ", and Leon was tolook like Napoleon. The Emperor forbadeboth productions.On June 12th Napoleon leaves Paris forWaterloo. On June 18th he loses the battleof Waterloo, and Europe loses Napoleon. BUT ENLIGHTENED EUROPE IS NOT HAPPY.ITS EXISTENCE IS A FEVER, WHICH ITCALLS PROGRESS. PROGRESS TO WHAT?AMID EMPIRES SHRIVELLED INTO DESERTS,AMID THE WRECKS OF GREAT CITIES, ASINGLE COLUMN OR OBELISK OF WHICH NA- TIONS IMPORT FOR THE PRIME ORNAMENTOF THEIR MUD-BUILT CAPITALS, AMID ARTSFORGOTTEN, COMMERCE ANNIHILATED,FRAGMENTARY LITERATURES AND POPULA- TIONS DESTROYED, THE EUROPEAN TALKS OFPROGRESS, BECAUSE, BY AN INGENIOUS APPLI- CATION OF SOME SCIENTIFIC ACQUIREMENTS,HE HAS ESTABLISHED A SOCIETY WHICH HASMISTAKEN COMFORT FOR CIVILIZATION ".BENJAMEN DISRAELI. (a) On Oct. 15 1812 Napoleon was in the Kremlin inMoscow. By Dec. 18 he is back again in Paris with the rem- nants of his army. Banners tattered and trailing, veterans wound- ed, and disaster: but he has kept our flag flying and embla- zoned it with his good sense, and we ought never to forget it.(b) Who the first 44 Surintendant des Spectacles " was, Ido not think matters very much, more especially since Icannot find out. What is rather interesting is to note whothe Commissaire Imperial happened to be.(c) This 44 Commissaire Imperial" is none other than theincompetent donkey Maherault who in 1799 failed soutterly to get ready in time the very first troupe of actorsever called for by Bonaparte and thus muddled the wholeidea of ever getting French actors over to Alexandria.That was 13 years ago : it is now 1812. The FrenchDramatic Art is now on the highroad to success owing tothe personal attention given to it these past thirteen yearsby the First Consul and Emperor. And the man he se- lects to place in a position of "responsibility" over theTheatre is his old blunderer Maherault. Six monthslater Maherault is replaced by M. Bernard. But he hashad his chance: first a chance to do something difficult,and had failed : now a chance to do something easy andhas failed again.(d) Thus authority, considered at that time as anessential, is established.(e) After the managers come the actors : not, we notewith some surprise, the Dramatists.(f) On arriving at this point, ie the actors, the first thought to come into the curious mind of this ogre fromCorsica, is money. It is unaccountable but it is none theless here before us. And we may only hazard a guessthat it was because he had personally known actors andhad found them to be only too generous with their purse,— improvident, some call it, call it correctly so. So withNapoleon, after the word Actors he comes straight tomoney. I see in my mind's eye the good Talma, alwaysextravagant, very solemnly reading the Decree aloud to acircle of fellow actors. His brows work up and down asin 44 Cinna ". The heart of Mile. Mars is beating fast:Mme. St. Huberty looks more and more like 4 Dido \ andMile. George is proud of him. Duchesnois sniffs somewhatcritically recalling the 44 pi£ce de cinq francs ".Is Mile. Bourgoin present or not so well as could behoped ? Poor Madame Contat is not there she is so ill;and the solemn Raucourt listens carefully.They are all trying to think hard: to grasp the meaningof the words; the approval or disapproval shown byTalma's every inflection, every move of his mask, explainsmore or less what they are to think. And Talma (exceptin 1815) is ever loyal and wise. What a pity that in 1816he could come (with Mademoiselle Mars too) to acceptfrom Louis XVI11 the yearly allowance of 30,000 francs.Well, Talma gives out Articles 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 1 1in a voice which seems to say that he understands themperfectly. I wish I did : he wishes he did, but trust theGov'nor, it will be all right, and to deliver lines asthough he understood them is half Talma's business. (g) Before passing on to Section II, I ought to explainthat, while I cannot grasp the full meaning of Section I,there are plenty of people who can: and it is enough forme if I have brought this Decree once more before them.What I well understand is that the whole fabric is sound;that authority is here, and, once that appears, the moneydetails (to me at least) are stfrely the least important of all. Section II is, I see, concerned with more of thesemoney matters. Well and good. I as a stage manageram more concerned with other sections.(h) This " twenty years " I comprehend well: —twenty years: with enough time to develope my troupe,and they well paid and so well satisfied, what could .bebetter. Twenty years I... that's the style. (i) More and more about francs and hundreds offrancs.... and the more the better. The value of pensionsto those actors who are no longer able to work quite ashard as before is never to be forgotten: an actor andactress sometimes cannot go on : cannot appear; with astage manager it is different. A stage manager, if he havean ounce of imagination, ought surely to be able to live onthat imagination when he grows too tired to manage a stage. (j) I see still more mention of francs and thousands offrancs. What a good Decree this is.(k) That is a nasty clause.... but what would you ?Would you expect to get many thousands of francs andnot be prepared to give at least obedience for these sums?It is wisely nasty, this clause 25.(1) I see no possible escape for the actor : he cannotavoid his pension. (m) I fancy that here I, the stage manager, the hum- blest of the employes, am about to be drawn into the net— the net in which I too shall profit.(n) This looks like work. If I am an actor I mightbe inclined to ask " What am I engaged to do —to actor to be an administrator ? " But there again I hardly thinkI should feel very inclined to ask any question at all. Sup- pose it involved me in some risk.... suppose — no, it is toohorrible to suppose I might lose.... 1 think, if I am anactor, I had better sit quiet and, if called upon, pretendto be an administrator and so act the real administratorsoff the stage. For the actor there is always this way outof every clause. That's what made Napoleon sigh at the moment he penned Clause 30 that night in the Kremlin.M. de Spatz asked him at the time if he was at all troubledwith the cold and he put him off by pointing his pen atthe crimson sky : " Rien — merely was I thinking how longa time it will take to put out Moscow(o) The stage manager I see will be drawn into it —hewill assuredly become an administrator or something quiteas hard worked in his off hours. I suppose then that hewould be forced to accept a pension. What a strangething money is. It is of no good, and yet have it offeredyou and try to refuse it: all the obligations in the worldwont put you against it. That's why it's so awkward forthose who offer it you, if you have been happy without it. (p) It all sounds as though Napoleon was condensingand copying out in little what was writ in large as the wayto manage the Empire." The Theatre being the world in little he mutters," why not go on copying out: more especially since theyseem never going to put Moscow out and I have absolutelynothing to do *\(q) On reaching this point I admit I began to breakdown. This was the first time I had ever read the Decree. I had read of it: everyone said it was immense; but Ihad no idea it was to prove as immense as it is now pro- ving itself.This is Clause 40, and from clause 5 until now thejoke has not varied — the talk is still of hundreds andof thousands of francs. And I held the hope that erethis the matter would have been settled and we shouldhave by now arrived at some question of the Drama.(*) The salle now belongs to the State, (r) The Superintendent again. Yes, I think I should prefer to be the Superintendent. He has a great deal of respon- sibility, a very little work, is in no danger of losing his reason from hearing that jingling street cry of 44 Cent miile francs (s) So that they will know some twenty years in advance what roles they have to prepare for: how excel- lent. Now if some writer in 44 The Mask " had suggested , that it was desirable, possible, to decide so far in advancewhat actors were to prepare themselves for, TheatricalLondon would have protested that it was neither desirablenor practical. The writers for 44 The Mask " have often beenpraised for being artists: they may be or may not be, butit would have been no loss to the British stage had theyalso been appreciated as practical. (t) In brief, no soubrette may attempt 44 The SecondMrs Tanqueray no tragic actress may be Lady Macbethtoday and Judy tomorrow. The Ainley who plays Romeo,Fantasio, Perdican must go on playing those parts, notsuddenly hope to snatch the part of Launce from the fin- gers of Mr Hay Petrie, who in his turn never attemptto play Shylock.Yet 'tis not to crush but to control versatility that theseclauses have been framed, for Clause 48 does permit MrTree the fine comedian to attempt Shylock, but only sideby side with Irving, the night after Irving has played it.The odds therefore are against Mr Tree — but he may,if he like, risk it.So it came out that Delauney went on playing theyoung lovers' roles until well past fifty-five I believe, forno one could ever play them better and he could not domore than pretend to high tragedy.Versatility is a quality not encouraged or needed in aarge group of actors for whom provision is made for more than twenty years in advance. Besides, Versatility is rare,-and the Frederic Lemaitres and Garricks perhaps have noneed of the Frangaise or of Decrees either. Theybelong to other spheres; they have their liberty and their ver- satility as a lump sum down, to do with them what theycan. Rachel, Delauny, Kemble, Dugazon, Preville, Talma,Dumesnill, Duchesnois, in fact the majority of great actors,,stand in the utmost need of this and like Decrees and Homesas well established as the Theatre Frangais.(u) Two, not six, not twelve ; a limited number,(v) Thus, while each actor is expected and obliged tokeep to his own line of part, every actor is expected andobliged to lend a hand for the good of all — to work asoverseer at regular intervals.(w) This cuts both ways. The leading actor is obliged torest, the lesser actor is obliged to keep ready and, who knows,by practice is enabled at last to do what he felt he nevercould do, that is to say, play the leading role finally withimmense ability. Clauses 49 to 54 are indeed admirably framed. (x) Thus the play will be chosen by answering the question " Can we nine actors all play these nine parts ? " Not "Is it a great play ? " For who but the actors of it can say " this is a great play ". To make as sure as possible that th?y will be capable of playing every play of great parts come Glauses 49 to 54, which provide incessant practice for the actors. With incessant practice of actors united together in their own house, under a superintendent (clause I) and a corn- missioner (clauses 2) all is possible.(y) Penalties. The penalties are too great today. Theactor loses his engagement or is driven off the stage, orsome sort of injustice of the backwoods order is doled outto him. Here it is mainly fines.... forfeit of some of thosefine, useful francs with which the first forty clauses jingledso incessantly. (z) On receiving the first request the Committee and Superintendant will encourage his understudy to make ef- forts so that at the end of the year if he still wish to go — which is very unlikely — the understudy will be almost able to fill the vacant place to perfection. And, what is more, his share of the annual fund of 50,000 francs will stay in the Theatre coffers, and the poor-spirited fellowwill have caused the Theatre to become the richer,(ww) The very last thing any actors would havein their heads to do of course : but until a Decree likethis one be made, the very first thing they always havedone. (xx) A school! What a notion ! Why a school ? Andwhy only eighteen pupils ? — why not everyone who isready to pay the fees of the school ? Why under fifteenyears of age ?Why a school ? Because no one but the carefully trainedshall jolly his or her way on to the stage, elbowing pasttheir betters.Why only eighteen pupils ? Because that is the maximumamount of talented plus disciplined debutants possible to befound in the very largest city. Nowadays any one withbut the faintest amount of talent and sense of order iswelcomed as a god-send, and in a very few years, some- times months, is put into the first rank : praised beyondhis or her merits by the modern Clement Scott with his" Oh, what divine talent ! " and his " Oh, how wonder- ful I " and our T heatre weakened in the process,Why " under fifteen years " ? Ask the Navy. Does the Navy attempt to begin the training of sailors, captains,admirals after it be too late to teach discipline and everythingelse that counts for strength and quality ?(yy) Why grammar ? why history ? why mythology ?asks an actor.Because in those days dramas dealt with gods, heroesand historical persons and it was as well to pronounce thevowels exactly, the syllables distinctly, and to pay someattention to commas, colons, semicolons and full stops. Now- adays it does not matter, since the Gods are consideredout of place, Heroes held to be non-existent, and Historyto be a matter of dead and gone things.(zz) Nowadays these hopeless pupils are encouragedand before long take leading positions in our theatres, re- placing men and women of greater capacity. If besidesbeing hopeless they are pushful, they come to dominatenicely and to satisfactorily ruin our stages. A LIST OF NAPOLEON'SFAVOURITE PIECES. J. B. NAPOLEON was more fond of high tragedythan of any other form of dramatic art, forto him " tragedie echauffe l ame, eleve lecoeur, peut et doit creer des heros !After Tragedy, Italian music was his chiefdelight, not Comedy." J'accepte " he said " {'admiration ge- nerale pour Moliere, mais je ne la partagepas ; il a place ses personages dans des ca- dres ou je ne me suis jamais avise d'alierles regarder agirDrama, the ordinary dramas, he consideredand called tragedies fit for " femmes de cham- bres " and good enough to last a few evenings.What he would have said had he cometo London or Paris tonight and seen the finedisplay of pieces fit for " femmes de cham- bres " and enjoyed by their betters or infe- riors or equals is of little importance. Not aman of many words at any time, it is whathe would have done that we may be left toponder. Swept the whole display away inten days, is what I guess. It took him onlyfifteen days to close the many hundred theatresof Paris, reducing them to eight. That wasin 1807. Weeds grow quickly, and the dra- ma in London and Paris is strangled by atangle of theatrical weeds.Below is given a short list of the trage- dies, Italian operas, comedies and balletswhich pleased Napoleon most, and the num- ber of times he witnessed each (a).q TRAGEDY. Andromaque, 9; Atha- lie, 5 ; Bajazet, 7 ; Le Cid, 8 ; Nicomede, 5 ;Cinna, 12 ; Hector, 6 ; CEdipe, 9 ; Horace,5 ; Iphigenie en Aulide, 10; La Mort deCesar, 5 ; La Mort de Pompee, 5 ; Polyeute,6 ; Phaedre, 10.In all he attended 177 performances oftragedy.q ITALIAN OPERA. Le CantatriciVillane (Fioravanti), 10 ; Griselda, 7 ; II Ma- trimonio Segreto (Cimarosa), 7 ; La Molinara(Paisiello, 8; Nina (Paisiello), 7 ; Romeo eGiulietta, (Zingarelli), 7 ; Lodoi'ska, 7 ; Sar -gino (Paer), 4 ; La Cosa Rara, 4.* In all he attended 159 performances ofItalian Opera.q COMEDY AND DRAMA. LeBarbier de Seville, 4 ; Le JBourru bien fai- sant, 4 ; Le Cercle, 5 ; L'Ecole des Bour- geois, 4 ; L'Epreuve nouvelle, 7; Les Faus- ses confidences, 6 ; Les Fausses infidelites, 4 ;Les Femmes Savantes, 4 ; La Gageure im- prevue, 8; L'Intrigue epistolaire, 4 ; Le Jeude I' amour et du hasard, 6 ; La Jeunessed'Henri V, 4 ; Le Legs, 7 ; Le parleur con- trarie, 6; Les projects de mariage, 4; LeRevanche, 4; Le Secret du menage, 4;Suite d'un bal masque, 4 ; Tartuffe, 10;Theodore, ou les Deux Pages, 4.In all he attended 143 performances ofComedies and Dramas.q FRENCH OPERA. Alceste, 4;Ossian, ou les Bardes, 4 ; Le Devin de vil- liage, 2.In all he attended 38 performances ofFrench opera.€J Some COMIC OPERAS he seemsto have been partial to, were; Cherubini'sLe Calife de Bagdad, 6; Le Prisonnier, 6 ;Ma tante Aurore, 4 ; L'ami de la maison, 4.In all he attended 112 performances ofcomic operas.€J BALLETS. Le Jugement de Paris,4 ; La Rosiere, 4 ; Venus et Adonis, 3 ;Telemarque, 3 ; Le Retour de Zephire, 3 ;but he only attended 34 performances ofBallet.These lists do not include the performan- ces he attended in Italy, Austria, Germanyor Russia, but are confined to those witnes- sed by him in his own Public Theatres ofFrance or in the private Theatres of his Pa- m 11 \ f laces (b). (a) The following are not the only pieces seen byNapoleon, but his favourites. (b) For the design showing the interior of the PrivateTheatre built at Napoleon's orders by Fontaine (?) inthe Palais des Tuileries see " The Mask " Volume 8,Page 25. PLAYSOLD AND NEW. BY HENRY GAY CALVIN A PORTRAIT OF HANS SACHS IN HIS 81st YEAR.(From a Print.) Plate 6. WHEN I cannot go to a playhouse to seea Drama performed I must needs sitand read it in an armchair.I have not been able to find a playhousenear my part of the world where the 26 playsI am to write of were being performed, so Ihave had the pleasure of reading them in thequiet of my room. While reading I havedone my best to visualize them; now as realhappenings, now as happening on a stage andquite in the glare of the footlights, or whenpossible as happening on a stage once knownto us, without the glare or any accompani- ment other than the straightforward excellentplaying of imagined actors.These are the plays 1 have read thesepast weeks : — 1. The Agamemnon of TEs- chylus (458 B. C.) (Gilbert Murray). 2. Aplay by Jacopone da Todi (c. 1280). 3. Afarce by Pierre Blanchet (c. 1 470). 4. A playby John Heywood (c. 1533). 5. A play byHans Sachs (c. 1520). 6. Shakespeare's"The Tempest" (1611). 7. A play byW. B. Yeats. (1892). 8. Two plays by JohnMasefield (c. 1900-1922). 9. Two plays byGordon Bottomley (1919). 10. Hassan byFlecker, (c. 1914). 11. Two plays by Lascel- les Abercrombie (1922-1923). 12. A playby Cheng-Chin-Hsiung. The Secret Lifeby H. G. Barker (1919-22). 14. Successby A. A. Milne (1923). 15. The Con- quering Hero by Alan Monkhouse (1923).16. Two plays by Pirandello (1923). 17. ThreeModern Japanese Plays (1923). 18. Confuciusby Hartmann (1894-1922). 19. The AddingMachine by Rice (1923). 20. , A play byMoliere.Together with these twenty-six plays I havebeen looking at " The Life of Shakespeare "by Adams, " Restoration Drama " by Nicoll," Shakespeare's Hand in the Play of 'Sir Tho- mas More ' all very enjoyable, very enjoya- ble indeed. How the London audiencesmust have applauded, laughed or wept.How grateful they must be year in and yearout to the managers of theatres for giving them such a splendid selection of plays ofall sorts. Big plays and little ones ; pleasanthomely trifles and profounder things.This was my frame of mind after readingthe twenty-six plays, and I too began to blessthe managers, and to praise the critics, andto be proud of the fine English audienceswho packed the theatres to hear and see realliving dramas when I suddenly pulled up, rea- lizing that 1 was dreaming.I must be excused for dreaming this time.The plays I had read had enchanted me.It is still a practical word in daily life I sup- pose, this word enchanted. I mean it in nofairy-glen sense. I was in no dreamy state.If the Tempest and the Agamemnon do carryone off one's feet at least ten other plays outof the above list soon put me back on them.No, it was just the ordinary enchantment onefeels when one has been in the company offirst-rate intelligences,—the best predomina- ting, but even the least better company thanone expected.And realizing what a fine lot of fellows1 had been with, and what astonishing thingsthey had been showing me and saying, Ibegan to dream that England was being al- lowed to share all this with me. That's where1 erred; that's where I was dreaming. AndI became slowly aware that the managerswere not to be blessed, nor the critics praised,nor the English public bothered about, for onlyfour of these twenty-six plays had been shownto the English Public by managers, nor was theneed for their performance being advocatedby critics—and now I am out of my dream." Hassan " was acted and is being acted." Success " was acted and is perhaps nowtouring somewhere in the provinces. " TheTempest" was acted a little while ago for aweek or so, but is not being done now.One of Mr. Masefield's plays was on for abrief spell but taken off, and one of Piran- dello's. The " Gruach " of Gordon Bot- tomley was given its second chance (a) last December in Glasgow and Edinburgh, anddamned in London by superior ignoramuses." Hassan ", 1 can but admit, has beenproperly handled. I do not speak of the pro- duction but solely of the magnitude of theundertaking; and " Success " evidently hada like treatment; but none of the rest—andthe rest are the best.Now whose fault is this, that the bestplays out of twenty-six are either not playedat all, or, if played, are left to the mercilessamateur or semi-amateur?—whose fault?You may say that some of the plays arenot quite as good as 1 take them to be; Ican only admit you may be right; but eventhen how shall we judge if we never hearor see them?The public is the best judge, you say.It is and it isn't. Warmed up, it is ; frozenout, it isn't. Still, it cannot be all the faultof the playwriters or the cool-headed Englishspectator that we do not get a chance ofseeing the good plays we already possess andhaving better ones written for us. Whosefault is it? I for one cannot fix the blame.All I know is that night after night thecool-headed Englishman sits with his wife andfamily or with friends in stalls or circle, withhis hands folded and elbows on the two armsof the very comfortable seats, expectant, to- lerant, and ' quite good ' he murmurs as thelast curtain falls upon the inadequate. ThatI know: and that seems to me in its ownway to be a remarkable performance. Heresits this Englishman, erect in the determina- tion to see play after play through, to tire outsameness ; and yet he only succeeds in evo- king sameness : yet he is firmly persuaded toremain firm: that is one of the heroic dramasof to-day.If a play be an Eastern one, (by anEastern play I mean only one of those Bazaarplays like " Kismit ", " Chu-Chin-Chow "," Cairo ", or " East of Suez "), or a playdealing with English life, the same old phrases, situations, complications come along to greetthis patient and unconquerable man in the stalls.€jf The curtain rises and discloses a roomin Bagdad :Dad. Allah abdulla al walla,Bag. Why doth my lord sigh? Is the sunof my existence weary of his handmaiden ?Oh speak.Dad. What, Doe of the Wilderness, art thousaying ?Bag. Riff-raffi, the King's eunuch hath re-1vealed unto me the source of all woe andali joy. Shall I reveal the same unto myLord ?Dad. Strangest of the strange sayings that arestranger than strange. At the Blue Postsnigh to Bany-al wisdom is not writ inwater. Go thence and purchase for eightdinars a stoup of the dew of Paradise.Bag. I hear and I obey. Salem.Cj} Or the curtain rings up and we see aLondon drawing-room:Frank. May I say—well—Oh Susan—can'tyou guess ? I can stand it no longer.I must tell you.Susan. But I—I guessed twenty-eight yearsago, Frank.Frank. Did you ?—but you never showed methat—that you guessed. How was I to—-to know ?... Oh Susan how could I know ?God, what those years have been to me!Susan. And now ?Frank. Now?—now it's I who hardly dareto say I can guess.Susan. Be frank with me.Frank. I am—I have been—I always shallbe frank with you, Susan. But what—what shall I be without you....€]} And so it goes on and on and on, andthe cool-headed Englishman in the stalls hopeson and on for the best—that best whichis to come—that best which never comes ;and he continues to say " Quite good "...." quite good ", and pays like a Briton.Whose fault is it ? No one knows ; thejolly little catastrophe is now with us, andmay be it's too late to care who asked for it.What does it matter now ? The fine writtenDrama has been swept out of existence.Those who survived rode back, but thesewere so dazed, nothing could they tell of whatwent wrong,—maimed dramatists.... who obey- ed the wrong word of command :—that isanother of the heroic dramas of the day. This maimed regiment is with us now.They still treasure their old beliefs but aredazed about everything ; and they treasuretheir old flag, and some day it will waveagain in its place and to old purposes; atpresent it seems to decorate the walls of afamous Hospital where the old pensioners telland retell each other the same old story inquiet trembling voices shaken with affectio- nate remembrances, or in merry tones whichbelie their feelings.You'll admit that, before the jolly littlecatastrophe, Drama was a powerful legion ;Powerful is the word, isn't it ? " Steeped insplendour " says Gilbert Murray. Power wasin its look, in its stride and in its attack.A glance or a word from one of its leaderswas a thing worth seeing and hearing." Winged words " and wingless ones,but never a mumbling. No trivial gesturesand no posing or pottering. As they strodealong they cried out—clear voices in pro- phecy or in report, like bells, like flutes, likedrums; not for the high-browed or low-browed,but for that quite unknown man in the street.When I read, as 1 am now doing, the Aga- memnon by /Eschylus 0&gt;), and realize thatit was understood by the man in the Athe- neun street, what am I to think of our im- mensely celebrated man in the street, so fa- mous as to have sixty-three press agents, andyet so poorly considered that he is evendenied the power to comprehend anythingbut sloppy stuff ?And until quite modern days, even thedays of Sheridan, it was still power whichcommanded and which at that time againwon for the English Drama a great name.This " Agamemnon ", this immense crea- tion, this piling up of earth and fable, of lawand men and women, like some pyramid inCambogia, overgrown by a tangle of up- reaching vegetation; what is in it and underit all ? Skeletons and mysteries and the ritesof thousands of years? and a million criesnow muffled down, stamped down by timetill the sharp clear-cut facets of the tomb andthe temple be moulded to another shape and seem like a young mountain of mud,with its tangle of trees through which onlythe author can guide us in or out again; andthere deep in this dark jungle he puts backa bush, a branch and shows to us one soli- tary silvery bone, some arm-like marble pillar,broken but still uplifted, or there, lying fallen,a grey granite slab, broken and down. Sothis was the famous bath, and this too theseven-foot sarcofagus, and round it now fal- len the crimson leaves ; these the tapestries,,the tangled tangling robe, a nice net for aKing. And he, where is he ? And whowas he ? What was afoot and being done inthose days when this immense creation of adramatic poet meant everything to all the menin every Hellenic street ?" Its atmosphere is not quite of this world "says a scholar, and, this scholar being theworld-renowned Murray, he who has at lasttranslated this immense thing (1920), who&gt;shall question the truth of what he says ?No, it is not quite, not quite of thisWOrld,... this world.To me it is without all significance....even a prophetic one. But I, though Iamblind to what others may see this nightas clearly as at dawn tomorrow, I assuredlysee, am aware of, the presence of the powerof /Eschylus. That is plain for all.Tell me then how it is that this power,felt and seen long after all else has faded orbecome obscure, how is it that all this has notbeen felt and seen by the Dramatists of thisday ?You answer that it has been seen bythem.I deny it. No man can be aware of itand not aim to achieve it; or, failing toachieve it, continue to crown his powerlessbrow with preposterous chick-weed in placeof the laurel.If this ' Agamemnon ' be one of the stan- dards by which Dramatic art may be judged,what mean these Dramatists of our day bytheir denial that power is the first essentialof a Drama ?" No, no ", they answer, " you do not un- derstand. Dramatic art has advanced since thedays of /Eschylus: even ", they add comi- cally, " since the days of Shakespeare "."In power? " I ask. "No, no, you againmisunderstand ", comes the bland answer: —"in subtlety WHEN, as now, I am reading the ' Aga- memnon ' and realize that it was un- derstood by the man in the street of his day,what am I to think of our poor man in thestreet of whom everyone cries out, " He canunderstand nothing ",—even as they cry ofme, " He is only able to understand veryplain things, the poor fellow; our subtlestpieces are above his head np SCHYLUS, Jacopone da Todi, Shake- / I .ispeare. one ancient and two modernpoets.It is well if the dramatic poet be pos- sessed by an intense pity for Humanity orby a fabulous glory for God. One or theother. THEY cry out again I am sure, my critics:they cry out being out of the presenceof these men.Come then into the presence of that foolJacopone in order to feel comfortable that thestandard has been lowered, and is now trai- ling down Strand and up St Martin's Lane.INTO the presence of Jacopone da Todifirst.We find him singing aloud his Dramaand his Faith in a latrine. Imprisoned thereby his good friends the Franciscans so as tocure him of a most reprehensible and carnaldesire for liver. " With sound good sense "writes I. A. Symonds, of this episode, " theythen condemned him to imprisonment in thecommon privies; but he rejoiced in this pu- nishment, and composed one of his most im- passioned odes in that foul place ".Let us first be shocked : secondly " asyou were bored. Dressed in our best, ourhats in our hands, we advance to interviewa great dramatic writer of the thirteenth cen- tury, and we find him in a latrine. All hecan do on seeing us is to make faces andrun to the other end of the cellar. He re- fuses to give any reasonable answer to ourboldest curiosity. Let us go out and let uspick up some of his story.It is new to us, although from time to time an Englishman has dropped a wordor two about this author of the most poignantdrama of the Italian school, and he the foun- der of the school and one of the founders ofItalian literature.€J Jacomo de' Benedetti (later to be knownas Jacopone in pity of his madness) was bornin Todi about the year 1228. Todi lies inthe centre of Italy ; below it runs the riverTevere; it stands between the towns of Or- vieto and Spoleto ; and here Jacomo de' Be- nedetti passed the first forty years of his life.Thoroughly self-seeking years as befitted theson of one of the lords of the place, he foundtime to take his degree as Doctor of Lawsat the University of Bologna, the oldest Uni- versity of Europe (but young at that time,1250, for it had only been established inthe twelfth century).Returning to his native town with thehallmark of the Learned on him, he becomesa lawyer more able than scrupulous: he be- comes rich, he prospers. Some fifteen to seven- teen years later he determines to take a wifeand decides upon the daughter of MesserBernardino de Guidone dei Conti di Coldi- mezzo. Her name was Vanna. She wasboth virtuous and beautiful. They say thatit was more to please her husband than fromvanity or for any other reason that she dres- sed herself so very sumptuously and attendedevery one of the social functions of the di- strict and in the town of Todi. Jacomode' Benedetti found this very well;—that iswhat Jacomo wanted in a wife,—a valuableasset to his business, a beautiful well-dressedsensible and above all useful wife was thevery thing. It occurred to him that it wasthe ideal thing.Messer Jacomo was no fool. Let priestsand the new-fangled brethren of St Francis (c)be as fanatical as they wished ; he and hiskind were not to be turned aside by theirinterpretation of the word " ideal ". On withbusiness; dress the part handsomely: trickevery jackass and fleece every lamb : makemoney and stand well with this world sinceno other world matters a fig. That was soundyoung Master Jacomo of 1267 ; no humbugabout him. But young Master Jacomo of 1268 wasanother man. I suppose he was another man ;yet the only real change was in his name :it was the same body and brain which onceswaggered around but now -is running half- naked up and down the streets of Todi, andthe boys crying out after him " Pazzo! GuardaJacopone" Pazzo " means madman ; " God's fool "he called himself.Now if in 1268 he was mad, what onearth are we to call his state in 1267. Sane?(I suggest a thought here of London, andParis in 1924).This is what they say happened in 1268to make him mad.It was about'a year and a half after he hadbeen married that he sent his wife, well capa- risoned in silks and other fineries, to representhim at a certain marriage feast. It was avery proper affair and a spectacle of somekind had been provided by the host, plat- forms built and seats erected in the courtyard,which had been hung with the superb da- masks we try nowadays in vain to find, andall very gay and enjoyable.In the midst of the grand gaiety one ofthe platforms gave way, spilling Donna Vannaand those near her on to the ground. Noone was seriously hurt but one,... and see,this poor Donna Vanna is being tenderly car- ried off to her home in a dying condition.Her husband is found and, running to hishouse, he begins to tear from her all the richsuffocating silks and stuffs which keep herfrom breathing easily;—but she is gone.As he tears off the last shred of her splen- dour a hair shirt is revealed to his amazedeyes ; this she had worn for some time nexther skin. That she should be like other wo- men were, that she should revel in luxuryand be worldly, was to be expected; butthat she should be thus, should have wornthis,... it strikes him and re- strikes him, andagain strikes him dumb. He looks at herface—to the hair shirt—to her face—not a word.He can understand nothing: of what issaid by others he hears nothing : he goes upand down, he runs here and there; they be- gin to whisper he has lost his reason. But toand fro he goes searching for his reason : andhe is to find it at last.Mad ? May be this state of pause betweennothing and everything can be so called ; but that is not what the people of Todi meant. Theymeant that he had lost his wits and was silly.He grins and runs—and runs—out of thegates into the fields ; he falls clinging to atree:—the busy market people have no timeto waste on him.His wife could have answered his que- stions.... the hundred questions—and why hadshe worn?... but why then did you not...?He is asking the tree all these half-framedquestions. No answer comes. He begins toask anew and now to answer. He is talkingto himself aloud. Sane questions, mad re- plies, until in some days it is the answerswhich have become sane and the questionscrazy. Fierce happenings in the heart of amere dramatist, one thinks. We see, thanksto many things, no modern dramatists todayrunning up and down the Embankment cryingout and rendering themselves ridiculous to allpassers-by. And Jacopone is not yet a meredramatist. He is nothing but a big lordfallen into a disgrazia, a sorrow. Misery andhe go home to the place he once called hishouse: they sell all the goods there or giveaway what cannot be sold quickly enough.What madness ! He keeps nothing and aimssolely to render the remnants of self that are leftover after this cataclism, these rags, ridiculousand vile in the eyes of those men who are sane.He puts on the skin of an ass or thetrappings, bridle and bit in mouth, saddle onback, and with straw in his mouth he comeswaggling before his friends. They are kind andintelligent towards him—but he does not re- spond to a single question—all suggestionsare one to him—he only makes mouths andsits heavily in their midst." Poor fellow, he is mad ". But he isnot mad ; if there be mad people present itis, strangely enough, they who are mad.Presently he runs swiftly away.At his brother's marriage he appears againsuddenly from nowhere, naked, smeared withtar and stuck all over with the feathers of afowl. Some of the relatives and some of theguests cry out indignantly. ' See ' he answers," my brother ; he wishes to honour our houseby his sfarzo, his pomp. I too by what Ihave—my madness '. It is Luke Waddingthe Irish priest, the Franciscan of 1588-1657who tells us these things.Strange that Jacopone does not see orhear what anyone is doing or saying. They call after him, they deride him:he neither sees nor hears or he might leapon this one or on that and strike him| down;or he might run away and hide; he doesnothing like this; he goes on searching tofind what he never had yet is now aware hehas lost,... something of value, something whichmay elude him if he do not go straight onand quickly; it is on the tip of his tongue,the missing word ; it is right before him, thelost something which has no name.He drifts with good aim right into thehouse of the lowest order of Franciscans.Playing at that old game he keeps calling outto himself, " warmer—warmer—cool—colder—very cold—hot " here he stands stillas stone and grins.It's not far from here, he knows, andcrying ' Warmer ' he walks at night in theNovember rain.Ten years he stays with the Franciscans,going up and down for the Order; he is thevery least member of this the lowest divisionof the Order.Then without having any call from anyAcademy, he suddenly becomes a poet." Burning ".After passing through the slow fire of afirst conversion, a long but too swift journey,he reaches the point where his journey begins. He starts singing. Perfect is the sense, andperfect the song. The Order receives him intoits fold on the strength of these songs andrecognizes his promise of an immense piety.€J And thus is planted by a swaggerlawyer, a fellow once fond of cheating hisclients, the seeds of Italian literature (&lt;9.Cjf But what can we think of a dramatistwho "in a fury of love and believing thathe is embracing and clasping Jesus Christflings his arms about a tree " ?—No, no, thatis too much. I cannot see any moderndramatists flinging their arm about even asapling in St J ames's Park believing it to beanything but a bit of wood; and as for beingin a fury of love,... this is 1924, not 1270,and it is a great advance we have all madesince 1270. In those dark ages anything waspossible, even power in a Drama.And shall we take a look at this Dramaby Jacopone, this drama which John Ad- ding ton Symonds considers " so important forthe history of Italian dramatic art " ? TheItalian alone is given here. Symonds at theclose of his translation writes, " Here the mise- rable translation ends ", which I have alwaysconsidered the finest line he ever penned. (a) Given its chance. I use the outrageous phrase,for it is an outrageous one, not because I consider that a fineplay ever has a chance given to it. It is the insufferableidiots who tinker with the sale or " presentation" ofworks of art who have the chance, and it is they whomiss the chance year in and year out. To tinker, totimidly attempt to patch up the Dramatic Art and theTheatre by " putting on " this and " taking off " that ;to flutter around the stage, to keep at it to no end, topersist to no purpose, to courageously waste time and ano- iher £ 42 on expressing nothing, on bad acting andfeeble pottering in the provinces and in semi-private pro- ductions, this it is to be an insufferable idiot, breaking upworks of genius even if paid £. 4000 a year to do it.It reminds me of all those lovers of music who beginvamping on any piano they happen to come across saying** listen to this lovely song by Schubert " and then ham- mer out some cinematographic bit of ladder music, trem- bling and terrific, and everyone so content. (b) The Agamemnon, translated by Gilbert Murray.(George Allen &amp; Unwin) 3/6. Just as good as a bookcan possibly be. The play of plays, translated brilliantly,a useful size, good print, well bound, a few usefulnotes. (c) It was but a few miles from Todi and a fewyears previously that St Francis had come on earth, foun- ded the order and died. (d) " II grande poeta umbro (dico grande senza nes- suna riserva).../' Giuliotti, 1922. IL PIAN TODELLA VERGINE.A DRAMA BY JACOPONE DA TODI. Donna del Paradiso,lo tuo figliolo priso,Jesu Cristo beaio.Accurre, donnae videche la genie I'allide! 0)Credo che lo s'occide,tanto Von flagellato-Corn essere porriache non fece mai folliaCristo, la speme mia,om' I'avesse pigliato ?Madonna, egli e traduto,Juda si I' ha venduto,trenta denari ',fatto n ha gran mercato. Succurri, Magdalena, gionta addosso !Cristo figlio se mena como rri e annunziato. Succurri, donna, aiuta ch'al tuo figlio se sputa e la gente lo hanlo dato a Pilato. O Pilato, non fare lo figlio mio tormentare, ch' io te posso mostrare come a torto e accusato. Crucifige, crucifige ! Omo che se fa rege, secondo nostra lege, contradice al senato. r&gt; ■ L &gt; t J t rnego che m emendate, i-J J i net mio dolor pensate, r . .. jorse mo ve mutate de quel ch'ete pensato. Traggon fuor li ladronim'e che suoi compagrtoni:De spine se coroni,che rege s eO figlio, figlio, figlio,figlio, amoroso giglio,figlio, chi da consiglioa I mio core°occhi giocondi,figlio, co' non respondi ?figlio, perche t'ascondidal petto o' se' lattato ?Madonna, ecco la cruceche la gente I'adduce,ove la vera lucedeo'essere leVato.n z.U cruce che tarai ?• Jel figlio mio torrai ?c ttL che ce aponerai,che non ha 'n se peccato ? Curri, piena de doglia,che 7 tuo figliol se spoglia ;la gente par che vogliache sia crucificato.Se 7 tollete el vestire,lassatemel vedirecome 7 crudel feriretutto V ha 'nsanguinato.Donna, la man gli e presae nella crocs stesa,con un bollon gli e fesa,tanio ce Von ficcato!L'altra mano se prende,ne la croce se stendee lo dolor saccende,che piu e multiplicato.Donna, li pie se prennoe chiavellanse al lenno,omne iontura aprennotutto Von desnodato.Ed io comencio 7 corrotto :Figliolo, mio deporto,figlio, chi me ( ha morto,figlio mio delicato ?Meglio averien fattoche 7 cor m'avesser tratto,che, ne la croce tratto,stare desciliato (2). Mamma, ove sei oenuta?mortal me dai feruta,che 7 tuo pianger me sluta P)che 7 veggio si afferato.Piango che n ag anvito (4)figlio, pate e marito,figlio, chi ( ha ferito ?figlio, chi t' ha spogliato ?Mamma perche te lagni ?Voglio che tu remagni,che serve i miei compagni,ch'al mondo agio aquistato.Figlio, questo non dire,voglio teco morire,non me voglio partirefin che mo m'esca 7 fiato.CKuna agiam sepoltura,figlio de mamma scura ;trovarse en affranturamatre e figlio affogatoMamma, col core afiflitlo,entro a le man te mittode Joanne, mio eletto;sia 7 tuo figlio appellato.Joanne, esta mia matetollela en caritate,aggine pietateche lo core ha forato. Figlio, I'alma (figlio de la smarrita,figlio de la sparita,figlio mio attossecato !Figlio bianco e vermiglio,figlio senza simiglio,figlio, a chi m ?Figlio, pur m hai lassato.O figlio bianco e biondo,figlio, Volto iocondo,figlio, perche t' el mondo,figlio, cusi spreZzato?Figlio dolce e piacente,figlio de la dolente,figlio, hatte la gentemalamente trattato !Joanne, figlio novello,morto e lo tuo fratello,sentito aggio 7 coltelloche fa profetizzato.Che morto ha figlio e matede dura morte afferrate;trovarse abbraccecatemate e figlio a un cruciato (5) (1) percuote. (2) maltrattato, martoriato.(3) mi spegne, mi uccide.(4) che n* ho invito, che n' ho bend'onde.(5) in un solo tormento. JACOPONE DA TODI.A WOODCUT REPRODUCED FROM THE Laudi.Firenze, Francesco Bonaccorsi, 28 Sept. 1490, in-4. SO much for an Italian as a beginning :—it only remains to say that the professionof dramatist had not yet developed.France with her *' Confreres de la Pas- sion " in 1398, and other Mysteries and Mi- racles in other lands all make a good show:yet how can one take note of what they door listen to the hundred voices with the voiceof Jacopone still ringing clear as a bell; notdied away although by 1398 a hundred yearsbe gone.It is another sort of cry which must catchup and carry on that voice as it dies away ;—it must be a laugh or nothing. And it isprecisely the laugh which does carry it on,and it is Pierre Blanchet who utters it, evenif we have to wait until 1480 or later tohear it. Out he slides with his " MaistrePierre Pathelin Jacopone and Pierre, the two extremes:I am under the delusion that these meet.CJ And this would be History of the Thea- tre I am putting down, repeating it after theHistorians, were it not that to me the factsare alive. Even as Jacopone's " Lament " isalive; younger and more advanced thanmost of our latest things, and younger and lessadvanced than others, so it seems to me is" Pathelin " alive, as though created thisspring; and both by the Grace of Godtouched by the fine style,— a seeming impos- sibility this spring.As for the rest, these myriad pieces ofthe centuries, they all serve as bricks withwhich to build a strong Historical backgroundbut no more. It is the rare things of eachhundred years that stand out vividly alive, and still far ahead of our times as they mustalways be. Pity it is the times will nevercatch up with them, nor even try to.Perhaps a little lazy, may be in rathertoo well-feathered nests, the modern brothersof jacopone, of Blanchet, of Shakespeare andMoliere and of perhaps another thirty menoften prefer to sell the old birthright and itscoat of arms for a safe percentage.Madonna, egli a traduto (betrayed)Juda si l'ha venduto (sold)trenta (thirty) denari n'ha *vutofato n'ha gran mercato (business).No, after all it is " not big business ",thirty bits of silver. MAISTRE Pierre Pathelin is the farce offarces: not without some horseplay, withthe difference that 'tis a blood-horse whoprances.The theme is taken from the streets, and has nothing celestial about it, except the touchof the dramatist: that is celestial enough.Say we do not care for all our plays totreat of sacred things, say we do not mindwhat they treat of, and the good earth is largeenough not to mind ; say it may treat of scien- tific things writ in baby talk ; we cannot saywe do not care how the plays are touched,by what hand, by what mind. Create lambor create tiger, sugar sticks or problems, itmust be the same hand, the same mind whichtouches them into life. All else is merefabrique.Voices quarrel in the cities today aboutwhat does not concern mankind in the veryleast. Show us shows of St. Michael andAll Angels, or of the Three Thieves ofLyons, or Oliver Twist or Franz Schubert'sstory, all's one what you show—but whatmatters is how the shows are shown andhow the tale is told.It has occurred to men to repeat this twiceten thousand times before now; but no onetakes it for a very grave matter; and yet itis the first law of the realms of art. Thatit's the way a thing is done, not what isdone, which counts.And so Pathelin the farce and " TheLament of the Madonna " are of a piecewith a Rolandson water-colour and " ZuleikaDobson ".But for the life of me I cannot class withthese extremes anything by any celebratednincompoops whose names I will not mentionhere; since nearly all the London Journalsprint them every week you can find them ;you'll find them near Rolandson's nameand Blanchet's: Blanchet once every fifteenyears may be, (any research worker withtime to waste might look for it); and evenJacopone's once every thirty years,... possiblyevery thirty years.And by Blanchet's name I would assu- redly place that of John Hey wood and oldHans Sachs. Wagner has made this lastname the most familiar to us, but only toremind us of boots.So then we have an Italian, a Frenchman,a German and an Englishman. Old HansSachs and John Heywood are the Germanand English Blanchets of their time: Blan- chet 1459-1519. Sachs 1494-1576. Heywood1496-1578. When I think of Sachs it isalways to call up the sight of the priest issuing out of the oven looking like Satan, and the fourfeet of the peasant and his wife up on the lad- der. When I think of Heywood it is to hearagain that devil of a fellow, John, I think hisname was, saying he will ' bete her until she bebleu ' over and over again or some such ter- rible repetition, and to hear his soft-voicedwife murmuring in the dusky room with thepriest as they sit side by side in audacitycooing loudly under the eyelids of a poorblind fool.I like these dramatists not a whit the lessbecause they know their business and cometo Hecuba without showing us a lot of fur- niture we have no wish to buy. I like themstill better because they are brief; if I hadmy will Shakespeare would not be sometimesquite so long about his business, and evenMoliere at times would stop in time. I couldthen catch the boat.As for our modern playwriters;... but ingood time.And what time is ever better than now ?AFTER reading a number of the best mo- dern plays, and re-reading the best of thelast fifteen years or so, I find that our modernPoets are ahead of all the other playwriters.The Poets have some firm belief to beginwith,... a large one or a narrow one, but abelief. And this gives them often a refresh- ing style. Refreshing like a window openinto the fields. And it is on the fields theireyes are fixed.Not of the soil, they anyway like to leanout of the window and look at it. Some- times they see Shakespearean characters thereas on the morning of some modern Pageantwe can see Queen Eliza going down theroad to catch the bus, or in a motor carif the selected Queen be better off. Thesefigures are at any rate going to be Queens ofthe May, Mother,... that's flat. They aregoing to have a merrie time. And even amerrie time excludes all doubt.... if in thefresh open air.It may bore me or you to see such revi- vals ; it's none the less honest enjoyment ona small scale. Honest enjoyment on a smallscale was exactly what Jacopone da Todi didnot pine for; he strove through fiercest suffe- ring to find his idea of joy. But that's anold tale, and we have done with the greatthings for a while: until we are allowed to return to them, or until we will have themcome back.Our British Poets, Mr Thomas Hardy (0,Mr W. B. Yeats (§), Mr John Masefield 01),Mr Gordon Bottomley ('), Mr Lascelles Aber- crombie (i) Mr Laurence Binyon, and LordDunsany who sings in prose, Ford MaddoxHueffer (k), Lady Gregory are the finest dra- matists we possess.The only thing I will say against them,and this is not their fault, is that they arenot sufficiently exercised. It is the same faultas that which harrasses most artists today.They are allowed to go idle. They maystay idling away their time with hard work,provided they do not attempt to bring theirplays on to the legitimate stage. If they makean attempt to come on to the stage they mayonly do so provided the stage supply its ownspecial nurse. Sometimes a Mr. Vezin or aMr. Dean is selected for this office; at other times someone else. There are very fewwho will consent to bail the perambulatorwith a poet tightly strapped down inside.I find it difficult to conceive anyone consen- ting to accept any such ridiculous post. Thepoets are so full grown, can carry a score ofsuch " nurses " under each arm, and so thespectacle of some complaisant theatre fellowattempting to handle these poets, to keep themin order, above all to silence them, is objec- tionable.And it is because of this farcical way ofapproaching the question " should our bestdramatists be allowed stages to play on ? "that we render both our stage and our dramaridiculous and barren.The chief hope for the British stage is todo full honour to its dramatic poets : but todo this the British stage must first change itsmind, obliterate its vanity, sit upon its minors,develope its best powers, refuse to be cheatedof true poetry by writers ready to supply falsesentiment and clever plays in place of it.For there is nothing which can replacethe mind and soul of the Poet. But until ourstage is swept clean of the dust and thehumbug, it is not a fit place to receive ourchief Guests, the Poet and his muse.BESIDES the Poets we have a number ofskilful makers of play, of astounding tech- nical genius. This skill distances their imagina- tion. Had Mr Bernard Shaw been put tomaking automobiles instead of plays, he would&lt;of sheer skill have beaten our best mechanicshollow. Sir James Barrie would have seen toit that no one put him second best hadhe been given the same task. He wouldhave beaten Mr Shaw hollow, although some- how we would always have been proud ofour Shaw engines,... no worthier mecha- nism has ever been put on the market thanthose stamped with the trade-mark G. B. S.The Barrie build of the chassis is notwhere this firm leads: but there is not a bet- ter bit of leather work being sold to the Pub- lic today than is to be found in the Barrieshowrooms; the seats are soft as swansdown.Expensive, I grant you,—very; but, Lord,how soft!The French critic Raymond Recouly prai- ses Barrie as " a great poet " with " an exquis- ite Virgilian sensitiveness " ;... " a dramatistof the greatest skill and experience " ; but he adds this: " I am practically certain that' Dear Brutus ' could not be produced inParis ". In other words, the Latin tempera- ment likes its Virgil neat; any drowning ofVirgil in moonshine and northern mysticism isnot liked; any " Hush Hush Hush, it isthe Bogeyman ", spite of its being too utterlylovely to London, bores the southern peoplewho know their sun and moon so well.Allied to tragedy the ghostly seems fitting ;serving to act as an extra thrill in an ordinarydrama of everyday life nothings, it seems outof place. That Barrie is so very successfulis not strange; he resembles Baife, and whowas more successful than the popular musi- cian who sang " I dreamt that I dwelt inmarble Halls " ? Barrie and Balfe togethertoday would have done in a sweet melan- choly way what Gilbert and Sullivan didmerrily. Instead of " The Bohemian Girl "it would have been " The Girls on theIsland ". Delightful touching little dances inthe moon's rays would have brought a lumpto our throats and brought down the house.Besides Shaw and Barrie, Pinero andJones of the slightly older times, and Gals- worthy, Sutro, Bennett, Maugham, McEvoy,Drinkwater, George Moore, Ervine, Chester- ton, Milne (0, Flecker !m), Monkhouse (n) andof course Barker (°) of the slightly latert imes,a host of other immensely able men, such asW. J. Turner and others, stand for all that isgood in the Dramatic literature of Great Britain.Sir A. Pinero is too clever. It is rather toobad to single him out for this special brick,but as he is also hard headed it cannot possi- bly harm him. Besides, he is sure to dodge.Pinero is far too clever to write greatplays. All the professional playwriters in Lon- don are, in attempting to rival Sir A- W. Pi- nero in cleverness, (an abortive attempt any- how), wasting their time. At many periodsof the history of mankind this same terriblyclever mistake has been made and the resulthas been a plethora of clever plays.These playwriters are so like Landseerand those other amazingly skilful painterswho in their day were very famous indeed,famous for their intense agility of mind,cunning of hand. Landseer did just as Pi- nero does. He walks around his Londoneyes and ears open, and with an open mind, searching for popular subjects to paint, prayingfor strength to paint every hair of every doghe comes across, so long as it's tame; forpatience to express every feather of everysparrow—provided it will eat out of his hand.To paint what he saw, to make the natu- ral natural, to do his level best.Seeing the sun blazing one day it occursto him that, since he has seen it, he supposeshe had better paint it; but as he sighed (reali- zing the magnitude of the task) he remembe- red in time that Turner had just done it a fewyears ago. "He shall be the scapegoat" saysLandseer, and his eye, turning from the sun,curiously enough, by aid of the mind's-eyealights upon a goat. He was just about toseize on the goat as a model when he re- membered in time that the young man Hol- man Hunt was about to paint a goat betterthan it would ever be painted again. Alto- gether Landseer seems to have been drivenaway from selecting what he would like tohave painted, and brought to paint what wasleft over. And this he recorded with suchwonderful precision that every hair on a dog'scoat, every blade in a tuft of grass was putdown by him without remorse, and almosteveryone of the Public was pleased.It is something like this that our modernDramatic writers have been obliged to do.The old themes stood waiting for themto handle them in the old broad manner orin the old tight manner if they could manageeither; but they, it seems, felt constrained toturn aside from these old themes more frompoliteness than any other reason. Shake- speare, /Eschylus, Euripides have all doneit; it belongs to them. "We really can'tSo they turned to new themes of indiffe- rent value and treated these in a staggeringlyclever topical manner.What could possibly be cleverer than thedexterity with which Pinero handles thetheme of " The Second Mrs. Tanqueray "?The labour expended on this play seems tohave been immense, the struggle not to of- fend London must have been titanic. Andhe succeded in fascinating where he might soeasily have blundered. Can any praise betoo great for achieving success in the teethof such labyrinthine difficulties ? It is all verywell for critics to write today that they findthis which seemed so daring to them thirtyyears ago quite mild kind of fare nowadays,, if the fare be neither daring nor mild; it iswhat it always was, ordinary good fare. It isno banquet like a Shakespearean feast, norfood for the Gods such as came from Japanand Greece ; but it is a good plain plat-de- jour well cooked, perfectly served, and rea- sonable.Where I would, like a curmudgeon, findfault, is that it is all too reasonable.And the splendid little gentleman, Sir A.W. Pinero, must not parry my objectionableobjection with the reply which he would besure to make, saying " 1 am not Shakespeareor /Eschylus. I am only Pinero and doingmy best ". For no one in his senses couldblame Pinero for what is certainly no fault ohhis. The fault is England's. England in;1855 was no less reasonable than it is todayin 1924. You say it's gone crazy today: —you point to the mad rush of things, to theover-swollen Press, to the political horizon,to the feminist movement, to the developmentof machinery, to the Soviatistic threat, to thetroubles with cocaine and anarchy, to Indus- trialism, and ask if that's what I considerreasonable. That, I reply, is not England;it is all something on the surface, or Foreign :—it may be good or bad; it is not English;,it is the dust of the earth risen into the air,,blown our way, and catching the sun's rays,,and we take it for conflagration. " Englandis on fire ! ! " cry the agitators; to which wecan only echo, and Scotland's burning.... go.'fetch me some water ".No, England is as reasonable as she al- ways was; perhaps too reasonable : and Pinerois one of the ball-bearings of London—the hub 'of England.Then what is there to complain of ?To complain is out of the question, forPinero's dramas are written and played, andI hope that there will always be hundreds ofactors with sufficient ability to play them fora long time yet.But it is a great pity that while we areappreciating such Dramas as those Pinero wasable to give us, The Dramatic world seemsas it were " held up " by its own delightin Pinero, Shaw and Barrie from daring to gofurther or to appreciate more.It felt safe with Pinero and this group;we were reasonable and they were like us :—good, you stick to us, and we will stickto you ". I believe that an appreciation for that which is like us and which wefeel safe with, is possibly too paltry a basisfor a great Nation, a great Empire now, tosquat on. And we squat, and there an end.We do not build on this basis ; we donot adventure forward keeping this point mere- ly as our base to return to and leave againand again; we squat. We squat like a hensquats on a china egg ; we may lay ninetyeggs in the season; they all get taken andsold and the hen squats on.AFTER Pinero came the terrifying Shaw—With a Programme.Programmes in the house of the Dramaare essential little scraps of paper: these reallyare only worth tearing up as a rule: butShaw's Programme is about three hundredtimes too large for its proper use; the onlything to do was to paper the walls with it.This happened. He papered. The patternis pure Morris; reasonable, pack full of de- tail, with birds half eating cherries, and creep- ers carved and conventionalized.The Programme of Shaw seen in thewhole is just the same pleasant conventionalpattern we loved in 1880. Just as reaso- nable as Pinero only not so quiet in tone.If only the Grosvenor Gallery were still exis- ting, and still just the independent unconven- tional revolutionary thing we prided ourselvesit was in 1880, then Shaw would seem likesome giant come to sweep away what hepossibly takes to be the puerilities of ourgood Pinero. But there we are : is Pineropuerile ? is Shaw great ? both seem anyhowto be as reasonable as could possibly be wish- ed or feared.There are on the lists at least 4,000such reasonable dramatic writers.What is not reasonable is a man like/Eschylus or like Jacopone da Todi, or likeShakespeare : and, to take lesser names, Blan- chet and Pleywood are not reasonable ; nei- ther was Sheridan, nor Dumas pere, norGoethe, Macchiavelli nor Voltaire, (thoughthe author of ' Candide * seems to have beena thoroughly dull play writer). Nor is Molierereasonable, or Racine or Cervantes. Calde- ron and Lope de Vega are hardly reasona- ble ; should we say Euripides orSopho- cles are ? Are our Poets and our few unac- ted playwrights?What is a reasonable playwriter ? He is a professional man who writeswell-made plays to suit the tastes of the rea- sonable public, the public with its mind madeup, its ideas fixed and very limited in scope.It is this public alone which is to blame forbeing so mighty reasonable as to dispossessitself of a mighty Drama it had a right toinherit, it is this Public which bas trickedmankind out of all which counts ; it is thisPublic which I for one wish to see thrustaside so that the rest of the world may comeinto its own. " OND a man who, totally destitute of genius,1 possesses nevertheless considerable talents; whohas official aptitude, a volubility of routine rheto- ric, great perseverance, a love of affairs ; who,embarassed neither by the principles of the phi- losopher nor by the prejudices of the bigot, canassume, with a cautious facility, the prevalenttone, and disembarrass himself of it with a dex- terous ambiguity, the moment it ceases to bepredominant, recommending himself to the inno- vator by his approbation of change "in theabstract ", and to the conservative by his pru- dential and practical respect for that which isestablished ; such a man, though he be one ofan essentially small mind, though his intellectualqualities be less than moderate, with feeble po- wers of thought, no imagination, contracted sym- pathies, and a most loose public morality ; — sucha man is the individual whom kings and parlia- ments would select to govern the state or rulethe Church. Change, " in the abstract ", is whatis wanted by a people who are at the same timeinquiring and wealthy. Instead of statesmen, theydesire shufflers ; and compromise in conduct andambiguity in speech are — though nobody will con- fess it — the public qualities now most in vogue *\DISRAELI. (f) Mr. Thomas Hardy needs only two words ofabject apology, only I am not delegated by the Bri- tish Stage to offer him even two words. The effort madeby Mr. Barker to present his 4 The Dynasts in 1913I believe, was courageous and made amends for the mo- ment. But the duty of our Stage was to have come toknow its poets ; the duty of those men who had theatreswas to offer them continual space in which to exercise.It is said very often that the fine writers are not interestedin the Theatre : it is said that Byron and Goethe werenot interested ; that Stevenson was not, and many another.I only know how badly Goethe came to look upon thestage, and how badly the stage treated itself in not trou- bling to show Goethe what it really was made of. Byron?—I cannot tell. Stevenson—will not write a play forIrving or for the devil. There is a misunderstanding be- tween stage and poet. The poet must I think come towards- the stage without his pen in his hand and the stage musttake its mask off in his presence.The stage must remain master of itself ; it is the in- strument ; and the poet cannot expect an instrument toquite entirely understand. The only way in which it couldhave gained for England some Drama by Thomas Hardywas to offer the writer its hospitality—to give him hisplace in the house ; a little room had been enough,... alittle room and a warm welcome always._ The apology the stage owes to Mr Hardy is thatsomehow it failed to think of this.As for the stage saying who it considers dramatist andwho not, well, that's all secondary and it knows it. Themagic happens when the spirit is breathing on the face ofthe waters—and the stage is even more solid than thewaters : and when Poets can be made welcome, made athome in the Theatre, the magic will happen.But the old spirit must return before this or anythingcan ever happen worth happening.(g &amp; h) See Book Reviews.(i) Mr Bottomley's Plays were spoken of in Volume 9of " The Mask ".(j &amp; k) See Book Reviews. (1, m, n, o) See under Book Reviews. A PLEA FORBREAKING THE ICE. BY C. G. SMITH. TO begin with Mr Walkley: —And before him for a moment—myself.I was once acting nightly in a LondonTheatre. I rose, dressed, walked and sat,dined and thought and felt like an actor.The square of the stage set with scenic pic- tures by Hawes Craven was to me my world :Shakespeare and other creators of the charac- ters I had to perform 1 looked on as so muchmaterial, all to be useful to me as actor.Out of this egoism I managed to emergelater. But this is how I felt, thought andsaw as an actor: and other actors—betteractors—were the same in this.Irving, I remember, would listen to music;he would often ask for it to be repeated ;and then, " would do admirably for the lastscene in ' Lear " : or if he saw a picturein some gallery, " good group for the dethrone- ment of Richard II " ; or if at a museum," Copy this dagger for me, will you, Arnott—for Richard II ".And when 1 read the notices in the pa- pers of a performance my betters had givenat the Lyceum Theatre (and I somewhere inthe cast) I did not pay much attention towhat was written. If it said I was good Iwas pleased ; if bad I was ashamed : if mybetters were blamed it struck me as merelypreposterous.And there was one dramatic critic moreintellectual than all the rest: Mr. A. B.Walkley.His notices in the " Times " 1 never read.I would begin one and drop it. It seemedto me as though someone who was somethingelse than a dramatic critic was writing, wri- ting to please himself, to please some friendsand there an end.I escaped from this ignorance too later on.But that was how I felt and what I thoughtwhen an actor.I saw no reason for Mr. Walkley in thosedays.I was repelled by his superior way oftalking about other things than theatres.... hisindifference, his, scholarly way, seemed cold.Mr Clement Scott seemed glorious. You all remember Mr Clement Scott.... rathertheatrical, his criticism.I will not be so rude as to say that A.B. W., (if I may be allowed to at last re- cognize him), bored me—because at twenty- five one is not indifferent—at least I was not.And to be so is only one degree worse thanpretending indifference. There is nothing ei- ther in the pose or in the unfortunate blightitself.4.But what a strange thing that I shouldhave once considered A. B. W's excellentwritings rather superior and dull.A. B. W. is a man of the world—allthe time he is trying to make us see that;nor an insular one either, he would be re- minding us.... all the time reminding us. Hesays (not in so many words but all the time)I am a bon viveur— one who knows all aboutwines, cigars, (he may not smoke, still inhis pages twiddles a fine cigar) about all thatcounts in the life of a man about town... adistinguished elegant man who knows histown be it Paris or London, Budapest orNapoli.Now we all know that Mr Walkley (notA. B. W.) was in the Department of the PostMaster General for quite a number of years.What a 1 come down as A. B. W. wouldcomma it.Yet no come down at all; only cu- riously sad.To enter into the whole question why it issad for a man to feel he is forced to have twomasters would be too large a matter for menow. Besides, may be it is the perfect so- lution to life. Have one master who paysyou regularly and to whom you give yourwhole service, and a second whom you serveonly by suffrance, condescendingly, one you canleave at a moment's notice, whom you permitto print what you write, who is no master atall, but utterly under your thumb.The having two such masters absolvesyou from giving your service to any thing:Art, Letters, Science you cannot serve. ThePost-Master General looms too large for that,and there is always the Editor of The Timesas consolation. What the great master wontallow the little 'un has jolly well got to.Well, I find this no come down; but ina way, as I say, I do find it rather sad.And this is what ! find Mr Walkley....The sad man who puts on indifference and cloaks it with the pretence of being bon vi'veur, man of the world, in short, making thebest of it.And this is admirable and witty, only weall are the losers.For it is also weak: ...The last thingwe can somehow imagine A. B. W. to be.Never is A. B. W. at a loss to knowhow to do what he has put himself to do....never is he awkward-... never thrown off hisbalance. He is all that is first class.But his weakness is one which affects thewhole Dramatic world, and because of thiswe all are the losers.He cannot play to the Gallery, and hecannot stop playing to a parterre of indiffe- rents who are absent. So when he comesto write of Shakespeare, of acting, of scene- ries, of applause in a theatre, of Kean andDumas and of Drury Lane, he addresses noone but a group of ghosts who are utterlyindifferent to all that makes Theatre what it is.And these indifferents are not even inthe play-house. Their parterre may be inthe smoke of the smoke-room of a Club,—in the first class smoking compartments of allthe trains of England,—in the mists by thevillas down by the Thames,... visible thereperhaps, but invisible in Theatres.To presume from this that A. B. W.detests the Theatre would be an error. Buthe cannot like it—and since he cannot dothat—he will love it a little.And to love is the Theatre a little, is weak.It is decidedly hedging.Here we have a queer ramshackle-lookingplace called a playhouse.... and here a tor- rent of Dramatic stuff pouring out of it, inwhich flounder or splash, sink or swim awhole world of figures.This it is or it is nothing. The Drama- tic force is not a pretty little thing, nor is itrather interesting, or restrained ; and so any- thing at all approaching indifference in itspresence is out of place. Before this parti- cular force we must be prepared with a quickYes or a No—and it's as well to say ' Yes'as a rule, for reasons.It is all intellect, all passion, all sorrowand all happiness at spate.We must go with it—so it were best g°without a murmur and enjoy it to the full.Mr Walkley is rather irritated by thishaving to " look slippy ". As " Lear " en- ters raving mad he would like to argue eachpoint about the thunder which rumbles him in." Jane Austin ", he begins.... and at this thelightning leaves the English Stage and goesover to America or Japan, to any place how- ever inferior to London where, at any rate,things are allowed to be what they are—liked for being as they are, even forkedlightning; not asked to be something lite- rary, not compared ....measured ....not sizedup—especially when their size is immeasurable.A. B. W. pretends to be bored veryoften. It were as good a pretence as anyother were it out of a theatre.For in a theatre it is (dare I say it toanyone so delightful and gallant as A. B. W.)rather bad manners for anyone to pretendexcept the actors.This pretending, which some folk bring intothe stalls, boxes and dress circles is perhapsthe principal reason why our English stagehas grown dull. Acting set side by sidewith acting is not seen. Put grey againstgrey and all is lost: you must put grey againstblack, or white and you get at least something.The Dramatic art is a pretence.... a pre- tending ; a pretending to be life,— not reallife—and let it beware how it pretend to bethat. Being a pretence it will succeed thebetter when it does not slip back towardsrealities.... even pretending these is dangerous.Then we get that drab thing Realism.The Dramatic art in its pretence offers usall an escape from real life.... it is the might- have-been—perhaps the was.... : futile it be- comes when it pretends to be the is.The escape offered us is from the myriaddetails of our real life which teaze us, andour Dramatic art releases us the more it swingsfree of actualities and soars with music.You welcome music without asking it tobe real; you do not call on it to utter littlefacts about how such and such a family insome provincial town found life a bore, andwhy; and what they said about it, how theylooked, sneezed even.You welcome music just because it re- leases you from these tyrannical petty reali- ties. Yet often enough when Shakespearehas made it possible to soar very nearly offthe earth with music, as in " The Tempest ",instead of being happy about it, you find ita bore. A. B. W. did. (See his delightful book" More Prejudice pgs. 21-25).Prospero is a bore : "I was glad when itwas over " he says of " The TempestThe Ghost in " Hamlet " he finds a boretoo; Launcelot Gobbo and Falstaff bore him ;the spiritual and the clowns both bored him.Now for another passage from his lipsand we will be getting to Hecuba :" In the realm of Dramatic Art, where weare supposed to be under the spell of illu- sion, inhabitants for the time being animaginary world " (my italics) " applause isan interruption, a rude reminder of reality— (again my italics).Excellent A. B. W.He does not want to be aware of anyreality—he wants to be in an imaginary worldwith the Ghost he detests and the Tempestwhich he dislikes. And yet when he goes tothe International Theatre Exhibition at theVictoria and Albert Museum he begins " ga- zing out of the windows at gardeners whowere planting geraniums from pots in an innercourtyard ".A bad beginning—yet, to collect oneself—to put in order one's critical faculties a finebeginning. Was it to do that A. B. W. leantout of window, gazed at gardeners at work ?We shall see—he turns from the gar- deners.... what to do? To pretend to blush—to pretend this because he is going to admitthat " what chiefly delighted me there was avitrine " (he pretends it not to be a King'sEnglish glass case) of marionnettes ".There he lingers pretending to like thesethings greatly—they are " adorable " he says.Next he turns to the model room, wherehe searches for something to say about whatis not there—the actors, and failing to saywhat is there, and why.At last he arrives in a room where Ap- pia and I have our designs for Scenes ; and,saying gracefully that I am much more saneand moderate than the majority of my follo- wers, he looks at the Catalogue, quotes apassage from my Foreword, and goes downtown to the Garrick Club.And that is all.He has feared to break the ice.It may have occurred to him that the besttwo hundred designs at the Exhibition wereall made so as to prevent the spectators being" rudely reminded of reality to evoke " the spell of illusion ", to make for the actors" an imaginary world ".CJ We who give our whole life to the workof the Theatre, can expect criticism from menwhose whole life is given to studying thetheatre but we expect them first to study allits composite parts not forgetting the buildingitself.Now in this Exhibition visited by A. B.W.to look at gardeners potting, v/ere some twentyor so designs for Theatre, buildings by someof the very first architects of the time.Not one was mentioned by him: perhapshe has not had the time to study (even ca- sually) this branch of the work.Even to study it casually awakens an in- terest.... that leads towards breaking the ice :one warms, one feels young; one stops bo- thering one's head about realities ; one evolves' the spell of illusion ', and one enters ' theimaginary world '—and regards its constructionin the cold light of day and reason.Does A. B. W. ?One asks oneself, why is this built soand so ? why this space shaped so ?—whythis other space otherwise shaped ? What isto be done in this building ? what are allthose things there ?... (one is drawn nearerthe design).... and these things here....As one looks one comes to ask oneselftwenty, fifty, a hundred questions. The ans- wers are to be found by a further study oftheatre construction, if one has the time;and if one's life is solely devoted to the studyof the Drama there surely should be time tostudy this branch and in time come to knowthe answers to some of the questions.Does A. B- W. ?After the building, the mise-en-scene ;which is not alone scenery but the putting onto the stage of a whole drama or part of adrama.A thorough study of mise-en-scene is es- sential to the Dramatic critic.Has A. B. W. studied it ?Its past he has not studied quite longenough it would seem, for he has said of thebook by Mantzius that it is " of the highestcritical and historical value ".Of value, of great value, especially tobeginners, is this History of Theatrical Art byMantzius : that it is "of the highest criticaland historical value " to men who have readthe other books is not quite exact. A dramatic critic should be able to findtime during the day to read the literature ofthe Theatre, so that at last he can decidewhich ten or fifteen books are " of the highestcritical and historical valueThe books he could read include someon the Architecture of Theatres, some onthe Mise-en scene ; Historical and Technicalbooks ; books on Scene, Costuming, Schools,Lighting, Machines,Voice, Gesture,the Actor;the Dramatist, his Plays ; Marionnettes, andMasks ; the Greek, the Italian, the Japaneseand the Chinese Theatres. Northern andSouthern endeavour contrasted, Eastern andWestern : the Theatre of the 15 th centurycompared to that of the 20th century. Thelist 1 could make you would fill two volumesof " The Mask ".Has A. B. W. had time to think of allthis and to study it all ?If not, with utmost respect for what hehas done (and he has written charming es- says) 1 regret to say he has given too muchof our time to the Post Office.Yet he is on " The ,Times our firstof journals, one of the very first three or fourin Europe or America.Such a journal should demand as its Dra- matic Critic the most well-informed man onthese matters and should ask for his whole time.Do the leading journals, " The Times "," The Manchester Guardian ", " The Tele- graph employ men without information towrite of stocks and shares, or of science... ?How is it then that in our " Times " thisadmirable essayist, this genial gentilhomme,is considered enough for the purpose of ourDramatic Art ?I cannot say how it is: I do not know:but it would seem from this that anyone willdo to write theatrical criticism.In four words, the standard is down.And it is to some slight extent due to thisfact that our English Stage is where it istoday.Oh, I do not bewail its state : the En- glish Stage will last, the Theatre of Eu- rope will hold it up when it droops : but forany locality to have a sound theatre of itsown (I do not refer here to its Drama) wehave to be helped to understand what a thea- tre is and what are all the uses which canbe made of it.... and its critics are the menwho are responsible for telling us. A. B. W., our first Dramatic Critic, isto be held responsible for not having told us." What do you like me to say "is whatseems continually buzzing in his head, " andhow shall I make what you'd like to heardiverting ? I know that first of all you agreewith me and I with you as to not taking thestage too seriously ; after all, 4 tis but the en- tertainment of the half educated as I havesaid so often. It's a pretty thing in its way—but not like Letters for example: (of pain- ting I know nothing). No, not like Letters.And here 1 am by fate cursed with havingto write of this theatrical stuff, and you, moncher, with having to read what I write.Which is the more to be pitied, you or I ?we need not postulate : let us split the diffe- rence and equally pity each other. There isscarcely a breath of poetry, of spirituality, inthe modern Theatre. There is no dignity,ethical or artistic ".—and so on and on andon; all this instead of explaining again andagain until it be quite clear what the theatreis, was and always will be.... how it is as oldas the novel and as novel too.,., and that if weare to be so solemn about the one let us beas solemn about the other today, for todaythe Theatre is of as much importance inevery way as is the novel.A. B. W. says precisely the reverse ofthis, and he our first of Dramatic Critics.Why has A. B. W. never yet seen thatthe Theatre is a place for seeing shows ?If he has seen it, why has he never toldLondon all these years ? The English andalso the Londoners are not so stuck up thatthey don t like a show; why this terror ofshows in a Theatre, when that is the placefor 'em ? that is to say " entertainment, forthe most part, of the half educated " asA. B. W. says. For the most part of thepublic is the very part we want if we areto keep our theatres open.But all this is but' hopping around thequestion and about A. B. W. and annoyinghim unnecessarily by reminding him of whathe has said.To the point then.We want critics to break the ice, for itis time.A double breaking of the ice it must beto break down the fearful hard cold barrierwhich prevents all progress toward a friend- lier mood among us all. Actors and audiences alike sometimesget along, but too often not. Too often whenthey meet the spectator drags on the per- former. He has to thaw his audience slowly—if he blaze on 'em too suddenly they willbe offended.... so that quite often a wholeAct is devoted to slowly thawing the ice.Let us break the ice*First of all in some of our reserves, notnecessarily valuable any more to us.Why this reserve which drives us to lookout of a window at geranium-potting becausea superb collection of things in a Museumhas depressed us ? Why this inability to lookat a few examples of the collection of por- celain or lacquer or furniture or steel work ?surely we shall find one piece in the collec- tion which is above the entertainment of thehalf educated.When I was a boy I found a hundredpieces, each piece a lovely thing: when Ireached thirty I found as many; and now,past fifty, I still cannot be near cases of glo- rious handicraft and not stop to look at somepieces. I don't need to be a collector offaience or porcelain to know that a fine plateor a jug of the fourth or the fourteenth cen- tury is a delicious thing to look at.Does it depress me to know nowadayssuch plates and jugs are not made ? Notfor long, for I know that they are or can bemade. All that depresses me is my owndreary mood, my own despair, my self.The age is all right. Only one thing iswrong: — the indifference we show when wewrite or act or paint or build to please alittle group of our own; when we are in- fluenced by the club,— by something, anything,-—all's the same.For that means we are no longer aliveto what we must be alive to, which is life,however, and wherever it reveal itself, —spi- ritually, materially, every way.Alive to " go and how be alive tothat until the ice is broken?Here in a day I come across these things :Breakfast; The Times; The Daily Maila pipe of tobacco; a taxi-cab; the bustleof Knightsbridge ; a cat; a glass case of Per- sian jugs; a book illustrated by Rolandsonin a shop window; an English Hatter'sshop-window in St James's; a heaped-upwaggon with vegetables slowly going towardsCovent Garden Market; Seagulls flying at a river's edge ; the Strand with its lights up ;" The Graphic " ; some etchings by Meyronand Callot; the noise of the traffic in Picca- dilly ; a cold lunch at the Art's Club, Do- ver Street; another taxi; a friend—her friend;a drawing by Orpen or by Sickert; a dan- cer at the Empire; a comic song sung byRavoul; the row of houses in Hampstead ;a couple of horses; the moon coming up ;a supper at home ; a cigar; bed.If I be twenty years of age or fifty I ama curmudgeon towards life if I fail to reco- gnize all the good stuff in each for what eachis worth; the go in each.1 may have a special liking for hats andno special liking for seagulls ; then buy a hatand go and see what it is I miss in the gulls....but don't buy a hat and tell the hatter thatthe Ancient Mariner always seems a detesta- ble poem to me because the poet has broughta beastly bird .into it. Above all don't lookout of a museum window at a pot of gera- niums because the exhibits are not perfectpieces of Persian pottery for the entirely edu- cated, or the little scene models and the plansand elevations for new Theatres merely thebest that the young fellows of today can dotowards Dramatics for the half educated.... CRITICISM WITHOUT ACCURATE SCIENCEOF THE THING CRITICISED CAN INDEEDHAVE NO OTHER VALUE THAN MAYBELONG TO THE GENUINE REWARDOF A SPONTANEOUS IMPRESSION.SWINBURNE. THE WRITER.From "Iets Voor Allen, Zynde een Verhandeling En Verbeelding van allerhande, Standen,Studien, Konsten, Wetenschappen, Handwerken enz; Door den berugten Pater Abraham van St.Clara. In't Nederduyts overgebragt Door J.le Long. t'Amsteldam, 1719. Plate 7. ON "THE TEMPEST". BY E. GORDON CRAIG. 44 The dreary pans and interminable conspiracies ofAlonzo and Gonzalo and Sebastian and Antonio andAdrian and Francisco and other shipwrecked noblemenLytton Strachey.IT is when a wise reader and a fine writer says such athing as this that we sit musing awhile, wondering.I am wondering now whether Mr. Strachey is quiteright. This scene of the puns and the conspiracies is thefirst in Act II of 4 The Tempest \Is it so dull, this scene ? I have just re-read it andfind it, for all its length, curiously lively. Better thanAct I, which, till Ferdinand's entrance, has been onlystruggling to awake and then wakes suddenly at the cry44 cock-a-di-ddle-dowBut should these puns and conspiracy scenes prove to bereally dull, I also am wondering, would there be great harmdone if some inventive yet reverential stage-manager shouldexert some of his cunning and by means of scene, voiceand movement, by all and every means do what little hecan to help Shakespeare out where he seems to be dreary,and thus quicken things a little ?You wince ; you will have it that I am miching mal- lecho, that I mean mischief, ie. you frown with the wea- risome thought of more red fire and another transforma- tion scene.LISTEN ; the dreary puns are issuing like bubbles fromthe mouths of six drowned live men sunken to the bedof the sea and wearily talking in their deadly sleep,Alonzo, Antonio, and the others.Slowly they move, these deathly men, heavily likedivers in deep seas ; the sun pours through the pale blue- green water so that it seems more like gentle air thantons of water, and but for the coral around the sunkenblocks of marble on which they sprawl, we should won- der whether we be i* the air or the earth.Lazily these once perfect gentilomini stretch themselvesand sprawl, burbling out their rubbish, for here things arenot going at breakneck speed as at Elsinore or Glamis :nor as in Milano : wrecked gentlemen with nothing to doare recovering some of their senses..,, they see a little.,.,hear and speak—that is about all.Were it not that one of these six men is bored Imight be bored too—but while Sebastian swings his foot,'sblood, I cannot close an eye, nor yawn. Here is some- one I must watch: he was born to be remembered,yet for what I cannot say ; still, I cannot forget him. Henever stirs to any purpose; he is born and drown- ed for us in a play. A man so greatly at his ease,a born prince, one who refuses to stir even when hesuspects that he has somehow come into the wrongplay, into a magic island too ! His smile is not unlike theone worn by Charles Stuart, our second Charles.There lie these six, shifting and sprawling in a forumin ruins, on these fallen blocks of marble which oncestood up a city, now buried beneath the waves ; slowlytheir wits return to them ; only to be dull, to loaf andto sleep, to loll, and, one of them, to actually conspire.A wonderful act of awakening.This magical island is somewhat of a scenical placewith its songs and sprites and dancings and its quaintchildlike devices of the stage carpenter; and, remembe- ring that it was Shakespeare who took the part of Pro- spero when it was performed at Whitehall in 161 1, (forso I believe was the case), and he seeing what he wouldhave to face if he performed another operatic delight ofthis kind, it is not strange that when it was all over heslipped away after that Epilogue—you recall it—and muchshaking of hands with sixty or seventy odd fish of allkinds, and, getting to Stratford safe and sound, swore toreturn no more to the purlieus of that accursed White- hall.Yet if to some of us, as we read the play, the islanddo never seem the gaudy coloured theatrical place I havespoken of, if it seem more than this, if one is able toread and see no glare of any red fire and no glitter ofspangles, but still see a magic Island, what then ?A magic Island.Who has actually seen one, I or you or neither ?—yet an old and troubled mariner once came to me to tellof an island placed beneath the sea—a sunken island : Ilistened and I could not laugh : he stuttered on confusedly:and on, saying how he had lived down there for sevenyears; came back, he said, wearied with the * life, buthow came back no one could learn: 44 —then I cameback " : he kept repeating, and that was all.In such an isle full fathoms five indeed our fathers lie.And he spoke too of bells—bells of coral under thesea ; 44 Hark, now I hear *em " he would often say, andstop to listen—44 Ding... d ong.. bell *\44 And what.... what did happen to you down there ? "—I came as far as that one day with the old mad-man—this odd mariner.He looked at me and made that steady settling ges- ture with his whole body which promises the beginningof a long tale, and his eye would open and he wouldpause and draw the air slowly and slowly through hisnostrils, hold it a second—two seconds, and then lowerhis eyes and go away apparently eased of all his troubleat the perfect remembrance.But leaving me very ill at ease.What was it he saw down there—what was it thathappened ? Something very beautiful to see and to hearmust have been going on. Dull fish with cold e)es andbubbles * issuing from their mouths, conspiring one withanother as though it were London or Milano, that werenot enough to charm this old man at the mere remem- brance of them. Dead men and the wreckage of shipsare nothing neither : something else was happening, some- thing he will never forget....What was it ? What happened under the sea in an island knownto none but he, is what I should like to make visible in44 The Tempest " upon a stage, were I happy to work tono purpose, to make what I fear would for ever fail toplease you, you who must perforce listen to 44 the drearypuns and interminable conspiracies of Alonzo and Gon- zalo and Sebastian and Antonio and Adrian and Fran- cisco and other shipwrecked noblemen SOME BIBLIOGRAPHICAL NOTES.ON SOME OLD PLAYS AND WOOD CUTS, BY FELIX URBAN. FLORI ANA A WOODCUT, 1 526.REPRODUCED FROM:Comedia nobilis | sima et ridicu | losachia | mata Flo | riana. | Novissimamentehistoriata et emendata | con l'esemplaredel pro | prio autore. | Stampata inVinegia per Giovannantonio e fratellida Sabio, ad instanza di Nicolo Dome !nigo fratelli del Giesù, nell'anno diuo | stra salute M.DXXVI( 1526) in-8. THE SUPPOSITI OF ARIOSTO.0 SEE WOODCUT PAGE 85 OARIOSTO is supposed to havewritten the play in 1508. Itwas first performed at Ferrara in 1509.It was also performed in 1518-19before Pope Leo X at the CastelSant*Angelo (a), and Raffaello is saidto have painted in perspective a scenefor it and a curtain.Pauluzzi in his letter to the Dukeof Ferrara says that on the curtainRaffaello had painted 4 Father Marianowith a crowd of devils leaping aroundhim \ The Pope seems to have ad- mired a certain sky which Raffaellohad constructed. Besides the curtain,the sky and the scene, Raffaello seemsto have designed the whole theatre.This we learn was not a temporarytheatre (b), but was one of the first,if not the very first, permanent theatresto be built in Roma. (Fanelli. 1911). (c).The artist took Vitruvius as his guidein designing it. (Bapst).Had Pope Leo so wished, the poethimself could have made the Theatrefor him, for in 1528, or about thattime, Ariosto built for the Duke Alfonsod'Este at Ferrara a Theatre of wood,designing it, and seeing to its erection,and here his 44 Lena " was performed.In 1532 it was burnt on Decem- ber 30th at 9 o'clock precisely;(others say on December 31st) ; andthe same night the poet became se- riously ill, dying on June 6th of thefollowing year, or, as some say, in July.The play was translated into En- glish in 1566 and Shakespeare is saidto have used some of its episodes inhis 44 Taming of the Shrew ". (a) The Vatican and the Caste I SantAngelo were joined by a passage pas- ing down the houses of the long streetswhich divides them even as the Uffizi ofFirenze is joined to the Palazzo Pitti , (b) Fanelli states that the " Suppo- siti " was performed, at the SanVAngelatheatre, of which Miss Campbell says''' it seems, quite certain too, that Raf~faello was responsible for the construc- tion of the tempoi ary theatre(c) The difference between the Vati- can and the Campidoglio Theatres (therewere two) and the Theatre of SanVAn- gelo was that each of the former was i 4 una- sala qualsiasi, comunque magnificamentearredata, serviva per lo spettacolowhereas instead of this " in castello visi rizzo un vero e proprio Teatro {netcof tile) che prende nonie dai Borgia, netquale furono recitati i Suppositi di Ario~sto le cui scene dipinse Raffaello {Fa- nelli, 1911).Bapst says Raffaello built this theatre*and built it of wood.• (*) Referred to on page 73. A WOODCUT, 1527.REPRODUCED FROM:Comedia DI PUBLIO | PHILIPPOMANTO | VANO DETTA FORMICO- NE. NUO | VAMENTE H1STO | RIATA,Stampata in Vinegia ad instantia diNicolò, | &amp; Domenego Fratelli delGiesii. I M.DXXVII (1527) in-8. o THE FARCE OF oPIERRE PATHELIN aSEE TWO WOODCUTS PAGE 85*(I)THE second scene of the Farceshowing Pathelin the advocate(standing) on his visit to his neighbourGuillaume Joceaume the cloth mer- chant, taking the cloth away for anew suit of clothes and the merchantunable to prevent him.By no clowning is this done, n®horse play: all is done solely by thewoids and by the actor; so subtle isthe play, so delicate the developmentone is set wondering what a comedy of that time was like if a farce canLe so exquisite in its workmanship.Should I ever have a Theatre ofmy own it is one of the plays I shalltry to produce, I take it that someeight months very hard work on thisand nothing else might be well wasted,for the Play belongs to Frenchmen,sinless some English Poet will robFrance of it.Well, I will willingly act as Re- ceiver of the goods.(2SHOWING the last scene of thefarce of Pierre Pathelin, with Pa- thelin who is defending the shepherdTvho has killed his master's sheep, themaster being none other than the clothmerchant from whom Pathelin has stolenthe cloth. PIERRE PATHELIN AND THECLOTH MERCHANT.FROM THE GOTHIC EDITION OF THE FARCE.PARIS, GERMAIN BENEAUT 1490, IN 4to. PIERRE PATHELIN AND THESHEPHERD.FROM THE GOTHIC EDITION OF THE FARCE.PARIS, GERMAIN BENEAUT 1490, IN 4to. A SCENE FROM THE "SUPPOSITI"OF ARIOSTO.FROM THE EDITION PRINTED AT VENEZIA 1526. TODAY'S FARCESAND THE FUTURE. THERE is obviously someone livingat this hour who is writing the Farceswhich alone can express for future agesthe fun of this age.I make this statement solely in thedark.... picking my way as best I can,in this probably one of the darkestand funniest ages which mankind hasever experienced, for I do not knowwho is writing the farces.14 The world has experienced a pro- found catastrophe, it is slowly recove- ring itself " ; this is what I hear : whata theme for a farce ; not the catastro- phe but that " slow recovery ".And how long do [you think itwill take to recover?" Ah ", comes the long-drawn sigh," perhaps twenty, perhaps thirty years—may be it will even take longer ".Three times this month have three kindsof men echoed this to me :—what cha- racters for a second farce.... these three." What is it which delays the re- covery of the world ? " I asked. " The delayed revival of BritishTrade "." The delayed revival of Russian andGerman Trade "." The delayed Revival of FrenchTrade "." And who can revive trade andso save the world ? "" The Business People are the onlyPeople who can save the situation "answer Mr Edward Duveen, Sir Al- fred Mond and Mr Otto Kahn withquiet deliberation.Isn't it wonderful! ! LETTERSTO THEEDITORAPRIL1924 " ACCA " A NEW STAGE LANGUAGE. Faithfully,Lilian Antler. Sir.I was interested and amused by the article " Acca forthat is just what we do seem to need,... a new lan- guage for the stage.When I go to hear some Russian or Italian play 1must admit that I am very greatly refreshed by the soundsof these two languages, both of which are Greek to me.And indeed were it possible for us today to be takenback to the year 458 B. C. and be present at the firstperformance of the " Agamemnon" there are two Greekwords we should all understand : " Otototoi", the sob ofCassandra, and the" I-£, IS", the cry of fear of thechorus.I am no philologist, but it takes no study for a soundto reach my senses, and it seems to me that all the soundsand all the things seen on a stage should be so vivid andpowerful that our senses can be immediately seized andinterested by them : for the brains are not given to us tobe quickly convinced by anything. It seems to me thatthe brains are all for reasoning with.If Drama would reason it must do so quickly, and Ibelieve through other channels than those held by the citadelof our brains, and the senses, we have been told, are theright channels ; they lead to the heart.In a Theatre, what the heart allows to pass, the brainwill hardly play the pedant over to the extent of becom- , ing a bore.Some of our modern plays seem to wish to make anappeal to the heart; but the truth is they never quitereach it. They touch us, but the touch is on the arm, on our sleeve, where nowadays the Dramatist looks to finda second • heart * being worn for convenience sake.Otototoi! Leeds. Faithfully.Conrad Tower. Sir:Reading the article on " Acca, A New Stage Lan- guage " in your last number, reminds me of the linesof Lord Byron in " Beppo, a Venetian story", XLIV: —I love the language, that soft bastard Latin,Which melts like £/sses from a female mouth,And sounds as if it should be writ on satin,With syllables which breathe of the sweet South,And gentle liquids gliding all so pat inThat not a single accent seems uncouth,Like our harsh northern whistling, grunting, guttural,Which we9 re obliged to hiss, and spit, and sputter all,How Byron would have delighted in the developmentand extension of " Acca "; what dialogues he and its in- ventor would have improvised ; and who knows that hewould not, had he not set out on his last journey a hun- dred years too soon, have given us some powerful dramain M Acca ", the new language for the stage ! Roma BOOK REVIEWS. SIX BOOKS IN A SECONDCLASS COMPARTMENT,by François M. Florian. F. M. F. Being fond of travelling ever since Iwas a boy, I find I have actuallybecome a traveller — that and nothingelse. Not in any very serious senseam I travelling; no one, to look atme, would take me for one of theLivingstones or the Cooks : but in theway of small trips I like to considermyself to be one of the great travel- lers. Yet even there Iam not, I fear,quite genuine. I don't travel in any- thing. I mean that when I emergefrom a station into a city, I am notseen to be carrying two sample bagsof lace, stationary or scientific pearls.Neither a serious nor a genuine tra- veller, I am more like that lost tra- veller under the hill, and what I writeof is but my dream.And like one who dreams I passfrom one subject to another ; to be wri- ting in the morning for 44 Le Soir " ofa land where not a street is straight,where nothing is born but to bend,and to be writing ten hours later for4 Das Morgenstund ", of a land whereall is flat and angular, is all in the day'swork for me. Being a traveller Iamdestined always to pass swiftly fromone extreme in nature to the other.Into sunshine, into mist and fog, upinto cold and down into damp andheat. I have grown to await all theseflat contradictions of nature with equa- nimity; dare I confess I even love themand travel just to observe them.But bpoks are my theme today, nottravels, and unfortunately time will notallow me to wait till I reach Brusselsto unpack, have my bath, my dinner,my stroll, and then settle down to writeof the six" books I undertook to review,promising the copy by February 24th.Today is Wednesday the 20th. Unless1 post these pages before eight thisevening they will not be delivered forcertain, by eight o'clock Sunday morn- ing. So there is nothing for it butto write here and now. I have read five of the six books,and now 1 see them all together in frontof me.When last week in Milano I calledon my friend Commendatore Grimpuz- zone I was shown straight into hisstudy. He was writing at his tableand around him some thirty-six shelvesof books all on the Risorgimento. Thesubject does not interest me ; but, spiteof this, I felt the seriousness of eachbook and of the immense collection:whereas on leaving Grimpuzzone's houseI went into a little library in the ViadeirAnfiteatro and as suddenly wentout again, so funny seemed its tumbledtogether crowd of volumes.Lost travellers' dreams indeed.I mention these two experiences ofmine of this single morning, to illustratewhat 1 would put down as a theory ;which is, that when books are not allof one race, one blood, united in oneexistence, making for one oneOccident, they are apt all of them tobe a little comic.They become odds and ends; theyare indifferent one to another ; theysplit up; they are funny.I recall once having seen in Exetertwo volumes of Henry Crabbe Robin- son's Diary flanked by Noverre's Trea- tise on the Dance and by Gilbert'sBab Ballads. At the time I did notknow why it was that I felt so de- pressed.... why I became serious andsaw nothing, looked no more at theshelves, but went out and walkedround the Cathedral and, still out ofsorts, had gone here and there and atlast taken a train up to Londonand then on to Dover, when I crossedover to Calais, staying four days (a longtime for me to stay anywhere) in thatexcellent town enjoying my stay im- mensely.But now I know that it was the fun- niness of the position of those threebooks which did it.No book is exactly funny in 'itself,by itself, or among its friends. Butunless it be in its right place it isstrange how it loses its worth. Thiscan be said of nearly all books: onlya few stand apart anywhere, hold theirown, and are perfect, owing to theirperfect style.The six books which I have to writeof have a very unfair chance. I selec- ted them at random when I left Flo- rence and now here they are in asecond class compartment.Q In a second class compartment ofa train we generally find a mixed lotof people; one who came early tothe terminus and took his corner facingthe engine may be a distinguished being: a sleepy fellow is in another corner;he too came for his place early: twocommonplace travellers are in the othercorners; a vivacious lady, may be, whocame late is in the centre, and a dan- gerous-looking customer who enteredat the first stop is seated where onceI sat.And so it is with these six books.Let me give their names and other factsabout them.1. Casanova in England. (Bleackley).John Lane.2. Ada. (Helen Granville Barker).Chatto &amp; IVindus.3. Antic Hay. (Aldous Huxley).Chatto &amp; IVindus.4. Forty Years in my Bookshop.(Spencer). Constable.5. More Prejudice. (A. B. Walkley).Heinemann.6. Mah-Jong. (Etienne). Methuen.What to make of them all together?Let us look at the facts.No. 1 costs 15/—, weighs I lb : (a)has 284 pages; is in blue cloth.No. 2 costs 7/6, weighs 10 oz., has394 pages; also in blue ; charming tolook at.No. 3 costs 7/6 net, weighs A/2 a lb.has 328 pages; in yellow cloth andlabelled.No. 4 costs 21/—, weighs 106. 12oz; a little heavy ; has 284 pages; isin brown buckram.No. 5 costs 7/6 ; weighs 12 oz.; has255 pages; and is in brown cloth:elegant.No. 6 costs only 3/6, weighs only 4oz., has only 55 pages, and is in apretty decorated white cover.These six sit in the six places of thecompartment. I have gone out intothe corridor to make room : — No. 3,Mr Huxley, leaped in so suddenly andlooked rather distracted, rather unlikehimself, so I thought I would give place.From the corridor I observe my sixfellow travellers. Before long I seethat there is a tendency on the part ofall these excellent people to enter intosome sort of friendly intercourse.It is of course Mrs Barker whobreaks the ice. 44 Turning her headslightly she managed a stealthy peepout of the corner of her eyes, at a fatface, almost as profileless as a ragdoll's, and a mottled hand with a blueseal ring on it — This was as shesaw No. 4 on the seat facing her. Formy part I cannot say I saw any suchman. Number 4, Mr Spencer, is notthin and his brown buckram suit does not make him appear any thinner; butthe picture I have of him is of a manwho could not possibly have sat fortyyears in any bookshop, but who rathersat all those years astride a fine roanhunter in the field. The genial portraitin his book is very like him.And indeed so genial, so gallantwas he at this very moment that, takingMrs Barker's ice-breaking wireless tobe anything but what it was, (for shedid not speak aloud), he graciouslypassed her a rare copy of " Travelswith a Donkey " in which was adrawing by Walter Crane, and drewattention to the signature.This was indeed a rarity. R. L. S'sbook 1 knew, and that Crane had madea drawing for it; ....but to see theoriginal! I IEveryone looked with that unconcer- ned air which begins to bespeak dawn ina railway carriage—although the genia- lity of Mr Spencer was in mid-heavenand shedding beams all around him. AndNo. 5, (Walkley) who was peepingin a distinguished way over No. 4'sshoulder and wondering at the pre- ciousness of the volume, said that tothink that Walter Crane had illustratedStevenson absolutely 44 floored " him.I never had such a shock in mylife, That this gentleman, immaculate- ly dressed in brown cloth (thoughdressed almost from the very patternbook of Mr Max Beerbohm), as dis- tinguished in appearance as in man- ner, should suddenly descend to slang,and, to make matters worse, to indi- cate by two flicks of his forefinger inthe air that he was adding invertedcommas, was a " staggerer " to me.I thought to myself, what will be- come of the King's English if thissort of thing goes on.... and I thenrecalled how the Fowlers, those twonurses of that same English, had someyears ago given six examples of justsuch slips as the gentleman had butnow made :—" For all it was worth" peters out " bounder " steep "" bang in the eye gets " the bootthese were the six examples; and theyhad added these awful words; " theeffect of using quotation marks withslang is merely to convert a mentalinto a moral weakness " (b),But as I looked at the fine littlehead in front of me (I refer to No. 5)I could not allow it capable of anymoral weakness.Mr Walkley had no sooner utteredthis word " floored " than all the au- thors in this compartment were put en- tirely at their ease—all but one. Thisone, No. 3, Mr Huxley, sat stiff andforbidding and critical, mixing a me- taphor with which I could see hewas soon about to floor Mr Walkley.And then everyone began to talk :at least almost everyone; for littleMiss Etienne in the corner, prim, an- gular and delightful, said nothing thewhole journey.The cackle went on; slang whirled,more slang whirled after it, and no- thing of any importance was said, andno one seemed to be anyone, untilthere was left but one man speaking,and everyone else at attention: evenHuxley warmed, beamed, chuckled....the mariner hath his will.Or rather No. I, Chevalier de Sein- galt, native of Venice, son of strollingplayers, GiacOmo Casanova, has theboard. And until we arrived at Brus- sels he held it, and held everyone,spellbound.Was he a writer ?, who knows;was he inventing or telling historicaltruths ?, who cares ? Where were we ?I was where I wanted to be, here,there and everywhere following theChevalier.For Casanova was just such a tra- veller in the imagination as I am in atrain. He told of Venice, of Paris,of London, and of Spain, of Germanyof everywhere.He said he had done what mosthave done and what others have fail- ed to do; that he had been in loveor been loved he never said, but hetold of amours. And everyone in thecarriage agreed that they would liketo have been the Chevalier.... or Pau- line, because the Chevalier when hetold of these things told them like aVenetian. Of course no names, noreal names, and three quarters of thestory invention; but leave the Cheva- lier to know his audience.It sat, as I say, spell-bound: spiteof an immense capacity to answer back,not &amp; soul said a word. Were theysomehow carried off their feet? Well,it was amazing talk; " but " saidWalkley as he got out at the end ofthe journey, " whether it would * print'is quite another * kettle of fish * ". (a) The sorter in the Post Office com- partment of the train weighed them forme, and so I am exact. (b)\The King* s\English : Oxford: Cla- rendon Press: 1908. (abridged edition),-Page 37. THE TRAGED Y OF MR PUNCH:A Fantastic Play in Prologue and oneAct by Russell Thorndike and ReginaldArkdl. (Duckworth &amp; Co.) 15/-.BUT that is not all : it has a num- ber of highly finished colour plates,reproductions of drawings by Mr ArthurWatts. And more: it has an introductoryessay by Mr. Max Beerbohm as wiseand as well writ as every other essayby the same pen.And it seems that the Tragedy hasbeen played by grown-ups, live actors.I hear it was a great success and thatthere are hopes that it will be revived.For my part I like Punch to remainwhat he always was; a wooden head,a puppet in a booth. Punch in flesh- ings does not convince me, THE GOOD FAIRY.THE LONDON REVIEW: A Mo- ral Pantomime, by\F. J. HarveyDarton. Designed by Albert Ruther~ston. (Wells Gardner Darton &amp; Co.Ltd,) 2/-.EVERYBODY'S THEATRE byH. W. Whanslaw. (Wells GardnerDarton &amp; Co. Ltd.) 5/-.THREE small volumes: two playsand one of directions. Thefirst two volumes are playful, the thirdis serious.Can one be serious about such athing as a Toy Theatre ?To judge from these three examplesit is the serious book which conspiresto help me when I want some fun ;whereas the two playful volumes de- feat me.The serious directions in " Every- body's Theatre " as to how to makea real room, how to make a stencilknife to help make the room, how touse a screw-driver and the rest areall delightful. Because these are thingsone really doesn't know.And in telling us Mr Whanslawnever gets jocular. He keeps graveand intent on his task and he takesyou on with him—at the end he tellsyou there "*is no finish " for to reachthe end of the toy theatre means toreach the beginning of the larger, thereal theatre.Altogether is Mr Whanslaw freefrom playing with the theatre. And Ilike his book because of that.His designs are able and useful,not so charming as are Mr Ruther-Eton's, which are delightful fantasies.Mr Edward Shanks, in a very ableintroduction to Mr Whanslaw's book,makes a very sound reference to " TheTempest" and I hope that he willwrite the supplement which he tells us(to my regret) he just avoided in time.For the other two volumes by MrDarton I have nothing but praise,especially for the gorgeous big platesby Mr Rutherston. They are perfectlydelightful; graceful and pretty pieces ofdecoration. EIGHT REVIEWS.THE FOLLOWING EIGHT REVIEWSARE OF PLAYS BY POETS &amp; PLAY- WRIGHTS REFERRED TO IN THEARTICLE " PLAYS OLD AND NEW "&amp; ARE BY THE SAME AUTHOR. PLAYS AND CONTROVER- SIES by W. B. Yeats. (Macmillan),/ 923, 10/6.THE MASK has never been ableproperly to write of Mr Yeatsand his Dramas although it has oftentried to express a firm admiration ofhis genius.In this new edition of his plays aresix plays, and all of them good, with218 pages about the Irish DramaticMovement.I cannot pretend to admire Mr Yeatswhen he assumes the virtue of know- ing all about the Theatre, for he isno better a dramatic poet for his littlestage theories. If he only could laughheartily at himself when he has putforth some trifling.... (and often incor- rect).... statement about the playhouseand its people. His power over ma- gical words no one can be slow toacknowledge.This poet has suffered in havingbeen born in a century when we hadno Theatre to put at the service ofthe poets. MELLONEY HOLTSPURby John Masefield (Heinemann),1922. 6/-iTHE obvious happened to this fineplay. It was put on to the stagein a manner which made it necessaryto take it off again.This in no way proves that it isnot dramatic. To hurriedly push onto the stage a noble and difficult playwithout the most searching preparationfor it is treating it worse than refusingto produce it at all.How clear it becomes with everysuch false experiment that there isanother way to bring such plays andsuch dramatic poets into our Theatre.4 What way ? ' you ask.But you know before you ask it.Masefield's 4 Pompey ' is a playworth putting on at least fifteen totwenty nights each year: why is itnot done ?Still, let us pray that no one putit on if the present way of putting onfine plays in London is to remain thestandard.First let our standard be raised ;—that means untold labour:—after that4 Pompey * and the rest. PHOENIX by Lascelles Ahercrombie.(Benn.)I feel about this play as* I felt about'The Deserter*, that with Mr Aber- crombie we have a man with too muchability: he is too good at it. In4 Phoenix' he treats seriously and inverse of a noble rhythm a thing whichshould have been handled as a farceand in a jog-trot rhythm—neat distin- guished jog-trot....And this is the obvious remark thatthe poet would have made to his musehad the pair been in and out of the sametheatre (and at work in it) for a cou- ple of years.In 4 The Deserter * he again madean obvious error, easily remedied bylooking the obvious in the eye. Hispeasants talked the rustic-poetic with- out ceasing ; over-loaded phrases cameout like thunder in June; no plainspeech, no suggestion of that tragicsemi-silent way of the English peasant;all as voluble as though in Ireland.To be able to write such plays andyet not to be able to glean the six orseven obvious truths necessary for everydramatist to learn, is the pity of it.And that is not the Poet's fault. MISTER BOSHERUS ANDTHE MUSES by Ford MaddoxHueffer with Decorations by PaulNash. (Duckworth &amp; Co.) 15/- net.HOW I wish that I had a theatre.Not to suggest to Mr Huefferthat his Bospherus would be at allpossible on my boards—that soundsfine, 44 my boards "—but solely to seewhether or no I could make it pos- sible. Why not ? but I dread lest, inasking this, some ass who has boardswill be a silly ass, and, puffing him- self out till he swell to Mr Bospherus'measure, (I mean no rudeness F. M. H.)will blurt out on his damnable boardsthis excellent thing of shreds andpatches.Anyhow, here's luck to Sussex 1892,and more to Tarascon 1923, andmost to anywhere else in 1924.Mr Nash is a fine woodcutter andnever slips except when he isn't enjoy- ing his work. His portrait of Mr Ben- nett eating his lunch on a bench out- side the British Museum is somethingevery admirer of Mr. Bennett willcollect and treasure. His portrait ofHaldane Macfall in Westminster Abbeyis better than a portrait of Macfall byLovat Fraser which I possess. Everyonewho cares for woodcuts should buythis book.The portrait of Maud Allen on the cover is lovely. Mr Nash has a ge- nius for portraiture ; and that on page35 is not the least attractive of theseries :—but I will leave the curiousto guess who she is. SUCCESS by A. A: Milne. (Chatto&amp; Windus). 51-net.A neat nicely printed little book,and a readable play which hasobviously pleased thousands of people.It offers pretty examples of the moderntype stage direction. Shakespeare onefeels ought to have had the notion.I allude to this kind :Lady Jane. Dick ?... Oh, my hus- band, yes! Of course! (she smilespleasantly at him. After all, he isgoing to do the gardens at Draytonfor nothing, and [he may even be aconstituent).This is on page 12 : and on pa- ges 35 and 94 we have other excel- lent examples. The last is even twentyfive lines. It describes what is pas- sing in the mind of the principal figurein the play.Now if Shakespeare had done thisat the end of Act II of Hamlet weshould have had a superb stage direc- tion. Unfortunately he made Hamletspeak his thoughts aloud, thus clumsilyletting us into the secret. Mr Milneof course has not so many secrets tolet out, but it is a play full of verypretty surprises, and if you are alwaysin London and can't get away you'llsee the whole world in 44 Success ". HASSAN by James Elroy Flecker.(Heinemann). 6/-.A play which is clear from the first.And it's made up like an actor is,or like a cake is made ; well mixed,well sugared, pack full of plums andspice. Quite all right and useful asa good show.1 read it with two better plays, butI liked this best. Then it has the usualbedroom scene of the wild westernworld, and there are references tomagic. I was able to stop and lighta pipe as I read. That's the best ofit... no concentration is required ; it'sall as easy reading, as the 44 SecretLife " by Barker is hard reading. It iscomic and it is thrilling, but the twothings well mixed ; but when Ghostsbegin to come on at the end I want itall turned into a ballet opera ; and thenI want the ghosts cut out; but then Iwant the ghosts to get back into thebodies of the two massacred lovers;but then I want the whole thing chan- ged. Q, E. D. which is impossible, THE CONQUERING HEROby Alan Monkhouse. {Ernest Benn).1923.Avery sincere little play whichonly needs good acting to makeit very touching. And, you say, fromthat you gather I mean that withoutgood actors it would be ineffective.Does any play play itself ? No in- deed ; some plays positively cry aloudfor bad actors, I should rather say actorsnot yet famous.The characters in this play aremostly fine simple English types, grimcharacters too;—the ladies are cu- riously grim. I find the most subtleand terrible lines in the play to bethe last five lines uttered by Helen.They are strange: they leave one un- certain whether to shudder with laughteror ask if one can meet the author. Whichshows me how powerfully he is able towork upon the reader. A managermight assuredly put this play on a stage.It is not a realistic play.... nor a fan- tasy : it is just a well-balanced humanlittle drama with a good last act forthe Hero. THE SECRET LIFE by HarleyGranville Barker. Chatto &amp; Windus.1923. 6J~ net.WHAT is it all about ? 99 askedMr Ervine the critic, and hadto read it a second time before hethought he knew.I read or listen to a play withoutasking what its about because that hasto appear at once for it to be a play.We almost have to know in advancewhat it is to be about; that was, andI believe still remains, a custom withskilled dramatists.For my part, what I rather ask is4 how is this being done ? \ and thatone has to watch closely to enjoy theart of the dramatist. But one canonly do this provided one has thewhole story or idea made clear toone from the commencement. Thinkof Hamlet, Pathelin, The Merchant ofVenice, The Bacchee, Le BourgeoisGentilhomme.As I read this play by Barker Igrow aware that it has been writtenfor his own pleasure ; and it is allthe more generous of him that he hasas he went along given some of usmuch pleasure. I find pleasure infeeling that I am one of those ordi- nary human beings able at any rateto recognize that there are things ofbeauty in 44 The Secret Life ".It is, probably, all of it a thing ofgreat beauty. I would not be at all1 sure but that some day we shall haveto admit its beauty. There is much pure white light in it. But such lightoften blinds one, and if critics seemto have been severe to the author Ithink it quite likely that the light hasblinded them.As for its value to the British Stage,well, that stage needs plays which aredifficult to perform, and this play wouldnot, in performance, be easy. Of theaudiences I will not speak: they havebut to listen and to look : but if wellunderstood, well perceived and wellplayed by the actors, this play mightdazzle the audience by reason of justthe light I was speaking of a momentago. I do not think it would blindthem. That is what a theatre is for :to pass such light through, to illuminelarge things for a large mass of peoplein the dark.I should say that if the British Stagehad some power and nobility in it, itcould not exercise these two qualitiesbetter, than in devoting some of suchforce and fineness to the attempt, theloyal attempt, to interpret this dream.It owes Mr Barker this. I am notunaware of a certain majesty in thiswork. Has the British Stage the cou- rage to stand for it or not ? THREE MODERN JAPANESEPLAYS. Translated by Iwasaki &amp;Hughes. Stewart Kidd Co. U. S. A.$ 1.50,THE THRICE PROMISEDBRIDE. Cheng-chin-Hsiung&gt; Thea- tre Arts Magazine. Vol. 7. No. 4.U. S. A.CONFUCIUS. Sadafcichi Hartmann.Privately printed. Los Angeles. 1923.FIVE Plays written by easternauthors, four of them good.The best for the last, Yet 44 Con- fucius " is in some ways the best. Wereit a little simpler it would not be sogood. Its elaboration is an achieve- ment. 44 Nari-kin ", one of the firstthree, would hardly be improved if itwere any more elaborate. Then 44 TheRazor " by Naharmura is surprising :those looking-glasses—and the eyes ofthe six characters—those twelve eyes,..;or has the barber but one eye ? Howit glistens. And how full of ceremo- ny and fine doings is our stage whenthe 44 Thrice Promised Bride " falls inher swoon ; and how well it all comesout of the ceremony, and becomeshuman yet all-too-human. Not sowould any of the other writers havemade the piece ; only one of the manyChinese dramatists who write in thismanner could make it so. It is a dis- tinct manner, and so we are taken bythis style into another world from that dreamed of by Elizabethans or Ferra- rese, Parisians, Greeks or Moderns.And last of all, since it is the bestof all, 44 The Madman on the Roof 49by Kan Kikuchi. Fine effortless work.—A modern dramatist—not at all concer- ned with the wasting of time or wordson ugly things, never sentimental (whatJapanese sinks there ?) he gives memuch pleasure with his Lunatic bro- ther on a roof seeing and hearing thegods and their flutes and messages, andhis sane younger brother on the ground,and the two looking up at the samegolden palace in a cloud—which ap- pears to them as the sun sets. Insome strange way it seems to me thebest little modern drama I have readfor years: my thoughts turn to ourEnglish writers—I think of the goodBarker and I cannot refuse to say tomyself : 44 it was just such a play hewas long ago trying to write—just sucha palace he in his madness saw butin his sanity refused to believe wastrue " ; and to add 44 it is just such atruth he may yet refuse to allow him- self to deny ". THREE PLAYS by Pirandello,translated by E. Storer. (Dent &amp;Sons). Price 10j6.I do not like modern Italian artistswhen they grow original. They cannotdo it. It suits the English and Ger- mans, may be the French; but Italiansbecome suddenly rather cheap.Here is a nation which has, centu- ries ago, solved all the troublesomeproblems of all the arts and needs tolearn nothing new ; and yet damm6 ifthe new Italian composers can bekept from Wagnerizing or the play- wrights from gallivanting; the wood-en- gravers from.... but I will write moreof this for the next number of " TheMaskPirandello the playwriter tries to beoriginal. He succeeds. He hesitates,but, being an Italian, he does so withdecision. He grows confused, butwith deliberation. He struggles to beNorthern but the South sees to itthat he struggle with ease. Clever ?Caspita ! Pirandello is very clever ; whodoubts it ? but he began to makeplays when the law of Italy was 44 Beinternational, forget Italy ". ThenMussolini came and once more madeit possible for Italians to not care adamn (non mi frego) for what thescatter-brain nations might think, sincea perfectly ordered Italian artist has,centuries past, gone through the lastexperience necessary to the creation ofcon tinental masterpieces.Still Pirandello's 44 Henry IV " re- mains about the best European play of the day, and would be better withoutits tedious explanations, its philosophi- cal airs and its frustrated attempt toescape from the Theatre.Our last quite good plays were Mo- li&amp;re's : not original but perfect. I wouldlike to see an Italian write the next greatplay and based upon the tradition fromwhich Moli£re sprang. A HISTORY OF THE AMERI- CAN DRAMA by Arthur HobsonQuinn. (Harper and Brothers). $ 4.00.WE are told 44 that this is theauthoritative and picturesque sto- ry of the evolution of the Americandrama—its beginnings in the colonialcolleges, the stirring part it played inthe struggles of the Revolution, its re- birth through Royall Tyler and Wil- liam Dunlap, the rise of a drama uponnative themes under James NelsonBarker and his fellows ".The Author devotes a chapter toJohn Howard Payne whom he consi- ders invaded, then conquered, the En- glish Stage. He tells us that 44 Paynemakes use of the language of his pre- decessors with the high courage of thegreat adaptors. From Cumberland hetakes many lines, often verbatim ; fromDownman he takes largely also, but hemore often alters the language '\ Hesays that his admiration of his ability....increases while he sees him cutting re- lentlessly 44 the poetic verbosity " of theseauthors and 44 inserting a few lines ofhis own in the right places ".44 Originality " he adds uin itsgreatest sense was not his ".In the period from 1825 to 1860the author traces the rise of the groupof playwrights who, under the inspira- tion of Edwin Forrest, produced thegreat American romantic tragedies likeRobert Montgomery Bird's 44 gladiator ",which held the stage of the UnitedStates for three quarters of a century.Altogether a book which will someday prove of immense and, I believe,as yet unsuspected value to the Histo- rian of the American Stage. MADAME VESTRIS AND HERTIMES by Charles E. Pearce. (Stan- ley Paul &amp; Co.) Price 16/- net.{treasure all the admirable biogra- phical works of Mr Pearce ; and ifthis one is good it is not because ofMadame Vestris, for she has not muchright to the famous name, being Bar- tolozzi's daughter and married, onlyfor a short while, to one of the lessermembers of the Vestris family. And sheis rather too practical, to say the leastof it.Her adventures are not gorgeous like those Mile. Georges tells us of ;nor bizarre like Miss Mellon's; nor isthe agefshe lived in rich like thatwhich first heard Polly Peachum in4* The Beggar's Opera ".Are there enough facts relating toMrs Charke for Mr Pearce to giveas one more remarkably entertaining44 Life " ? for there was ajwoman—-and that was a time.This book is very readable; do notdoubt that—scandal upon scandal. WOODCUTS AND SOMEWORDS by Gordon Craig. (Dent&amp; Sons, London) 1924. 10/6 net.(Large Paper Edition, £, 3.3.0 net.). Gordon Craig. \ O I * - - /THE Editor of " 77ie Mas£ " hasme to review my own book," Woodcuts and some WordsI find this only too easy, for I knowall its faults.Shall I take the easy way, then, andgo for them ?It is only too certain I shall takethe easy way. It has been hard enoughwork preparing (k will not say writing)the book : the rest of the journey shallgive me no pain. Too easy it would beto praise Mr Campbell Dodgson forhis admirable introduction ; besides, Ihave done that already elsewhere.First then J. M. Dent &amp; Sons,....Mr Hugh Dent in particular. I sup- pose some of my readers have heardall about Publishers, or think theyhave. But they haven't. They havenot heard of their eagerness to doeverything in their power to aid theauthor. They have heard of the in- difference of publishers ; of their ener- getic good-will they hear nothing.Shall I speak now and here of MrHugh Dent ? I think not : he comesof a good school. Some day I hopeto have better occasion to speak ofthat school and I will seize the op- portunity : meantime what I have al- ready suggested will not be lost onthese who know the Dents.Secondly, to speak of the engra- ver Mr Gordon Craig, the one whoadded the libretto.I fear I cannot take him seriously.Here is an actor performing undermy very nose and asking me to be- lieve him to be a serious wood-engra- ver. I cannot do it, for I do not likebeing taken in when at a Theatre, andthis book is obviously a small stage ofa Theatre on which a scene has beenset by Mr Craig, a libretto of sortsscribbled out, and this he delivers witha kind of exuberant Lyceum fervournot sufficiently detached for my taste.He thrusts himself forward, or he goes into some corner at the back ofthe stage ; he puts on half a dozenmasks, now speaking slowly, now atrace-neck speed.Some of this I can tolerate so longas he doesn't ask me to take it to bereal, I do not come to a theatre tosee reality; I come to see a perfor- mance and to hear a little Drama.I should never come to a theatreMr. Craig was performing in andexpect to hear a big one, or see oneeither. It would make me decidedlycross. Therefore with Figure 57, aScene for King Lear, I am altogetherout of sympathy. There is a certainstruggling for effect which grates uponmy sense of proportion. These playshe should leave to others to show us,....to Reinhardt or Mr. Dean for exam- ple ; besides, Shakespeare has alreadyrevealed this particular play of his toour astonished eyes, and I'm not atall sure I ever want to see it again.And I would say the same of Fi- gures 43, 58 and 27, especially ofFigure 27, 44 Scene ".This latter design was apparentlycut on wood at the same time, orshortly after, that in which he madea series of etchings, also, if I mistakenot, called for some reason best knownto him, 44 Scene ".Why the deplorable inverted com- mas (used also in the volume I am:reviewing) I cannot tell. If it is toadd importance to a very ordinaryword, I can only tell Mr. Craig thatthe commas miss fire. Mutton doesnot taste any better for two bits ofgreen holly placed one at each end ofthe joint, and even the poorest restau- rants inscribe no 44 mutton " on theirmenus, ....nor no 44 Veal " nor 44 chopsAll his references to the Theatrewhich he has not been able to get forhimself, which he hopes to get — (Ihope he may get it)—and what hewill do in it when he does get it,seem to me to be not exactly in thebest of taste.If looked at curiously it reveals acertain peevish discontent with theland of his birth : it all implies thatEngland should have given him whathe was apparently too lazy to take ;it also reveals a certain blindness fordoors.On every door in business-Englandis printed the word PUSH: Mr. Craigseems to have been too much of ahighbrow to 44 push ". I will not apolo- gize for my use of inverted commas here;what Mr Craig may not do, I may.I am an Englishman, and I mustsay that, whereas Mr. Craig has onlytheorized about his Theatrical ideas, (if we discount, as we assuredly must,the thirteen productions he has made)Herr Professor Reinhardt has put theseinto practice ; and I am entirely insympathy with those English ladiesand gentlemen who found 44 The Mi- racle produced some years ago byReinhardt at Olympia in London andagain in New York this year, a wor- thy German Production which theycould in all honesty enthusiasticallyendorse. I am glad to think that En- glish women and men are today as- sisting in 44 The Miracle " by Profes- sor Reinhardt, for it is ridiculous tocry out as some people do that weshould not support what is Germanlest it be Propaganda on a vastscale.I, for one, am proud to think thatLady Diana Cooper has shattered thatsuperstition by boldly and, I hear, verybeautifully, assisting the great produc- tion by her consummate art.And if I have diverged from 4'Wood- cuts " to speak of 44 The Miracle "it is because there are too many pas- sages in Mr. Craig's book which seem to grudge the success which the greatGerman producer has achieved.There you are, Semar, that's myidea of a Review. Yours. MAGAZINES. THE London Mercury ", 44 TheAmerican Mercury 44 The NorthAmerican Review " are three fatwell-to-do looking journals, and thelast two named have pages devotedto theatrical matters.Mr Nathan continues to write in,and edit, the 44 American Mercury "with his friend Mr Mencken, and asusual he writes well about the Theatre.An article by Mr Montrose Mosesin the 44 North American Review "is the best we have read from hispen. He looks and moves ahead:he is growing tired of the insinceritywhich in America threatens to swampthe men of the New Movement, andland high and dry the amateur eagerof an outlet for self-expression. He says some sound things of Duse andStanislawsky and others.The first number of 44 The Trans- atlantic Review " is out: it is editedby Ford Maddox Ford and publishedby Duckworth in London and Seltzerin New York. It costs 2/- and 50 cents.Nothing about the Stage in it :all aboutletters, and of course all admirable.Communications from Mr ThomasHardy, Mr Wells and Mr Conradreassure the public that Mr Ford'smagazine is not a Bolshevik organ.We hope all our readers will takethe trouble to get a copy of the 44 Trans- atlantic Review ".IN the 44 Yale Review " for Octo- ber 1923 there was an interestingessay on 44 The Playwright's Mind "by the Spanish dramatist Jacinto Be- navente. 44 It is impossible to be adramatist without being a poet " hetells us. So there are even fewer dra- matists according to the Spaniard thanwe supposed.Altogether a spirited essay on asubject he must know thoroughly. EDITORIAL NOTES. TO FEEL OR NOT TO FEEL.THE OLD OLD QUESTION- WHAT purpose Mr Grein can pos- sibly have for asking Londonactors to write down for 44 The Illus- trated London News" their theorieson the worn out, quite clear, but stillvexing question of whether actors shouldfeel or not feel we do not know. Thatthe actors have written very well indeedon this subject, (dealt with by Diderotin 1773-1774), is not surprising; andif it helps Mr Grein to eke out hisweekly page, 44 The World of theTheatre ", that is pleasant. But whatthey all say is only what Diderot toldus of in the 18th century in his 44 Pa- radox of Acting" which we alwaysremember with joy was quoted in theHarmsworth Encyclopaedia as 44 TheParadise of Acting". These slips will oc- cur, thank heaven, and keep us merry (a).But to return to the actors andDiderot's book and this deluding talkabout whether an actor should feelmurderous when pretending to murderanother actor on the stage.The truth is that it's like all othersuch questions, such as 44 Should thestage be lighted by Footlights or not?".The correct answer is '4 some foot- lights ". 44 How many ? " cries the mer- ciless accountant of art: the correctreply is 44 as many as are necessary ".Mr Casson and Miss Thorndike veryproperly mentioned the audience as beingan essential part of the actor's work.What Giovanni Grasso would havewritten about feeling a part we cannotimagine ; but there again, if an Englishactor seems to feel very little and asouthern actor very much, that's wherethe deception of nature is playing prankswith the deception of theatricals.For a Chinese or Indian sage whosits like a bronze statue for four hoursmeditating, may be feeling more thaneither of these. He is feeling slower,that is all; forcing himself to the pace.And the English actor is slow too, the Italian quick. The Englishman is saidto be calculating his effects, the Italianto be inspired. Recall Bonaparte's44 Inspiration is only a calculation madewith rapidity ". Cf 44 Should an actor beslow or rapid ? " one might ask thisfor a change. Irving was slow : Grassowas rapid. Why ? because the bloodand mind of the first were blood andmind of a curiously deliberate man.Is that bad for acting ? Why should itbe ? The blood and brain of Grassoleapt with agility at all things. Is thatbad for acting ? Why should it be ?But to be slow and be a bad actor,that is as bad for acting as to be ra- pidly bad.In short, there is no actual formula,and never has been one. That is whatDiderot seems to suggest so delightfully ;so that Mr Grein's sententious air aboutit all is the only original touch.In case Mr Casson, Miss Thorn- dike, Mr Lang or any others whosent in replies have not read Diderot's44 Paradox " we would recommend tothem a very excellently printed little edi- tion translated by Mr W. H. Pollockwith a Preface by Henry Irving : theold book shops in Charing Cross Roadshould have copies now and again. Itwas issued in 1883 by Chatto &amp; Win- dus, who, for all we know, may stillhave copies in their archives. The IrvingPreface reads like something by J. L.Austin and possibly was actually writ- ten by him and changed a little andsigned by Irving. It is a handsome little volume prin- ted on fine paper, well set up, andfull of Notes by Pollock aided byW. E. Henley about the French actors.Some of these are rather incorrect.For example, on page 29, where hesays, speaking of Mile. Raucourt's d£-but in 44 Dido " in 1772, 44 She was,as a matter of fact, nineteen at thetime" (1772). Now as Mile. MarieAntoinette Joseph Raucourt was bornon March 3rd in 1756 she couldhave only been sixteen years and ninemonths in December of 1772, and itwas on December 23rd she made herdebut (another authority says Septem- ber 23rd which would make her youn- ger by three months). Another erroron Page I is to say that Antonio Fa- bio Sticotti was the translator of 44 Gar- rick, ou les Acteurs Anglais 1769,from an English Pamphlet called 44 TheActor, or a Treatise on the Art ofPlaying " MDCCLV. London; forthis Italian actor's name was AntonioGiovanni Sticotti, the son of FahioSticotti, who died in 1740, 20 yearsbefore the translation appeared.He makes two more errors on page83 where he tells us that the Italianactor Luigi Riccoboni was born inMantova 1707 and died in 1772.He died in 1753 on December 6th.in Paris; and it was Anton France- sco Riccoboni, his son, who was bornin Mantova in 1707.On page 54 he is again incorrectin stating that Madame Riccoboni,who was born in 1714 and made herd£but in 1 734, 44 went on acting forthirty four years " for that would reachthe year 1780, whereas she left thestage in 1760. What is correct is to saythat she acted until her forty sixth year.But to the 44 Paradox " itself.As a rule it is only very profoundthings which can be paradoxical. Tisnot acting which is the Paradox; andit was only the man behind the actingwhich puzzled the First and the SecondDiderot of the Dialogue and has puzzledevery pair of argumenters ever since.To us it seems that the man behindthe acting is no more paradoxical thanis woman when she pretends. Leaveacting with the other pretences andyou will no longer be puzzled: bringit out and compare it with the artsand with nature, and puzzlement cannever end. When woman pretends shecan utterly confound truth itself: it isdelightful. It is she who becomes theparadox, not her acting. To no oneis she a greater paradox than to her- self. And it is the man who putson the actor who becomes the pa- radox, not his acting. Acting is as- suredly not an art; it is a much lar- ger thing, it is a wholesale pretence.Each actor is a retail seller of the co~modity and no one is going to be suchan ass as to expect a serious answerfrom those sellers of pretence explainingthe trick which is no trick. It's hisown secret, a secret he is quite puzzledabout; it is a personal defect or apersonal virtue; he no more knows hedeals it out than how it got into him.Ask a child of twelve how it is heskips like that,—44 how is it you runand roll over and over and over— doyou feel it or do you plan it out ? "See the strange look which comes intothe boy's eyes on hearing such an aged,such a dead question. Next time herolls and rolls over the boy stops; heonly rolls twice where before it hadbeen three times. Three and two arethe mystic numbers and make five "murmurs the observer. For a monththe boy carries the puzzle in his head :44 How is it I roll and roll over andover and sometimes over again ? " hehas not really noted the distinctionbetween two and three rolls.Praise be to something that is allright that no matter how often theDiderots and the Greins ask Youthfoolish questions Youth will somehowsurvive and be young and not knowtill doomsday what he ought to say.Or become wise and know and singhis song twice over from conceit: Or—Or—there are as many of these Orsas there are rolls in a gay heart.44 But we are speaking about Art,and, as you yourselves admit Art hasmeasure—and can therefore presuma- bly be measured: and has form andhas colour—That is the trouble. He is speakingof Art and confusing Art with Natureand acting with Art; and so this penfor one shall stop writing, and thewriter go 44 off to the Bodega for somesherry wine (a) The " Daily Mail )} on Feb. 14 gaveus a charming portrait of " Miss RuthTaylor as she appears in " The war opthe World " at the Lyric, Hammersmith ". A GOOD LECTURE. IN all sorts of small towns besidesParis and Londen come and gomen and women who have some sen- sible word to say about Theatricals.And into Stockton one day at the endof last year came W. L. Ren wick andspoke as follows:He said that we are apt to takethe Theatre which we know as thebest and only possible one; but therehave been others, the Greek, Roman,Italian, French, Elizabethan, Restora- tion and the eternal mountebank, (mounta bank), and may be many more thanthese. Each theatre had its purposes,reasons, virtues and defects. But don t be flustered by anything new to you,just because you haven't seen it before.Example: Hoist's very beautiful newopera. Here was a fine thing spoiledby stupid 44 imitation "or 44 realistic *setting—that kind of scenery used inmusic halls and by the music hall inthe hope of getting round difficulties—in the vain hope of restablishing thatintimacy which the actor requires.The speaker then asked what is 44 sce- nery " for ? and gave a sketch of what itused to be, is, and is working towards.And he asked his listeners not to ask44 is this usual or odd ? " but 44 is itsuitable or unsuitable ? does it help ? ".After this he went on to suggestthat audiences might wake up;— aswho should say, 44 Let's all be adamned sight more particular ".Altogether an entertaining and avaluable lecture. A NOTE ON "ACCA". J. S. mFmmmaKmaHmmsBmmmmaammmmmammmmamamBSiPSsammmmmmaammamamatmBtmamamHummamammmmmBmmmIN our last issue, in the article 44 Acca,A New Stage Language " the au- thor states that this same new languageis H-less. Yet in the very first sam- ple which he gives he starts off withan H; thus: 44 Ho cazza man noxalia mazzaSome of our readers have writtento us asking how this is. We passedthese letters on to the writer of thearticle, who replies :44 The whole line, 4 Ho cazza mannox alia mazza " is essentially the cryof a shepherd, an uneducated peasant;and while amongst those who speakEnglish it is customary for the lesseducated to say 44 'Ave a drink alongo' me ", dropping the H, those whocome from the land where Acca isspoken, when they wish to seem une- ducated in that speech, must put onan H now and again. It was for thisprecise reason I selected as my firstquotation a line which gave us thecommon touch which surely ought ne- ver to be lostTHE British Empire ShakespeareSociety will shortly have a newgeneral Director Mr. Howard Rose.Mr. Rose won the first professionalprize offered by the Society sixteenyears ago, so the place to be vacatedby Mr. Bond will be ably filled andwe look to see something happeningof interest to Shakespeareans, ...that isto sav» to every Englishman worth his ——y y ' " 9salt.