The mask 5 3 January 1913 naau_1913-01_01 The mask 5 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Behind the Scenes at a Liverpool Puppet Play, by W. Phillips, (see page 240. Illustration 6 PRELUDE. JANUARY 1913. 7-9 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 Untitled Image Illustration 8 (GOOD BOOKS ABOUT THE THEATRE: A Note upon the Need for them, A. C cre 10-12 Untitled Image Illustration 12 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS, E. W.Godwin 1875 cre 13-18 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Untitled Image Illustration 18 A WORD ON THEATRE , Goethe. 18-19 THE SACRED DRAMA OF CAMBODIA, Translated from the French of Pierre Loti Ananda K. Coomaraswamy cre 20-22 Untitled Image Illustration 20 Untitled Image Illustration 22 THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG, George Baltruschaitis cre 23-30 Untitled Image Illustration 23 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 28 Untitled Image Illustration 30 THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATREA Recognition of the Need for it, Laurence Binyon cre 31-34 Untitled Image Illustration 31 Untitled Image Illustration 34 A WORD ABOUT IMAGINATION Victor Hugo cre 34 Untitled Image Illustration 34 CLUNN LEWIS AND HIS PUPPETS John Bull cre 35-39 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 39 CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS, Gordon Craig cre J. S cre 40 Untitled Image Illustration 40 A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE ON JULES P. R cre 40-42 CONVERSATION BETWEEN JULES CHAMPFLEURY AND GORDON CRAIG. 1859-1912. 42-47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 LIVERPOOL PUPPETRY Ernest Marriott cre 48-50 Untitled Image Illustration 50 Untitled Text 49 THE PRODUCTION OF A PUPPET PLAY, M. H. Bulley cre 51-55; 57; 59; 61 Untitled Image Illustration 51 Untitled Image Illustration 51 Untitled Image Illustration 55 Untitled Image Illustration 57 Untitled Image Illustration 59 Untitled Image Illustration 61 A HISTORY OF PUPPETS PUPPETS IN ITALY. " Yorick cre 62-80 Untitled Image Illustration 62 Untitled Image Illustration 80 A STAGE" PARADISO" OF An Extract from the Life of II Cecca, Giorgio Vasari cre 80-81 Untitled Image Illustration 81 Mr CECIL SHARP AND ENGLISH FOLK DANCE Edward Edwardovitch cre 82-84 Untitled Image Illustration 84 BOOK REVIEWS. 85-87 Untitled Image Illustration 85 THE BOOK OF BURIED 85 0 PLAYS AND PLAYERS IN 85 A CENTURY OF GREAT 85-86 &amp; THE CENSOR 86 DIVERSIONS IN SICIL V, by 86 CASTELLINARIA AND OTHER 86-87 THE NEW SPIRIT IN DRAMA 87 ALL MANNER OF FOLK by 87 FOREIGN NOTES. 88-94 Untitled Image Illustration 88 LONDON. R. S cre 88-89 LIVERPOOL &amp; MANCHESTER. R. D cre 89-92 PARIS. J. de S cre 92 NEW YORK. P. G cre 92-93 STRATFORD ON AVON. L. C cre 93-94 BERLIN. R. D cre 94 EDITORIAL NOTES. 95-100 Untitled Image Illustration 95 DRAMA TIC CRITICISM. &amp; 95-97 PRIVATE THEATRES. 97 FRILLS AND FO. 97-99 " ARTISTIC TEMPERAMENT. " 99-100 CUI BONO? J. S cre 100 Untitled Image Illustration 100 THE RUSSIAN BALLET. NIJINSKI'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT J. S cre 105 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 101 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 102 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 103 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 104 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 107 THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Five. Number Three JANUARYi 9 i 3 ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALYYEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS. SINGLE COPY PRICE FOUR SHILLINGS NET.TRADE AGENTS.S /MPK I N, MARSHALL, HAMILTON, KENT &amp; CO. LONDON. THE MASK. JANUARY 1913. rp',e Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out tnat he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated.&amp; AH posiibI-3 care wis! be taken, but ha cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy &amp; PRELUDE. JANUARY 1913. jE&gt; jSf PRELUDE. JANUARY 1913. &amp; GOOD BOOKS ABOUT THE THEATRE &amp; GOOD BOOKS ABOUT THE THEATRE &amp; THE TAMING OF SHREW. THE TAMING OF THE SHREW. &amp; THE TAMING OF THE TAMING OF THE SHREW. &amp; THE TAMING OF THE SHREW. jz? A WORD ON THEATRE MANAGEMENT. THE SACRED DRAMA OF CAMBODIA &amp; THE SACRED DRAMA OF CAMBODIA THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. jb THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. . &amp; THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. &amp; US? THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. £&gt; &gt; THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. &lt;e&gt; &amp; THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG. THE PA TH OF GORDON CRAIG. THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL &amp; THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL 0 THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL 0 ;&amp;CLUNN LEWIS AND HIS PUPPETS. CLUNN LEWIS AND HIS PUPPETS. &amp; CLUNN LEWIS AND CLUNN LEWIS AND MIS PUPPETS. &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL . &amp; CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS. 4/ LIVERPOOL PUPPETRY &amp; LIVERPOOL PUPPETRY &amp; THE PRODUCTION OF A PUPPET PLAY &amp; THE PRODUCTION OF THE PRODUCTION OF A PUPPET PLA Y THE PRODUCTION OF A PUPPET PLAY j* A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, jst A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, A HISTORY OF . A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS A HISTORY OF PUPPETS &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; J? A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. A HISTORY OF A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A HISTORY OF PUPPETS. &amp; A STAGE 44 PARADISO " &amp; ENGLISH FOLK DANCE &amp; ENGLISH FOLK DANCE &amp; BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. ► FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; &lt;£? FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; x? FOREIGN NOTES. &amp; je&gt; FOREIGN NOTES, xs&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. £&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp; ■&lt;S&gt; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED ug&gt;Gerente Responsabile GIULfO VANZ1■■■■■■eaBKBMnnnHBaKaBanaHBBaMnBn mmmmmmmmmmmmm THE MASKJanuary 1913 ANNOUNCEMENTS; FROM " THE MASK PRESS " {]AREN A Q OLD O NI. FLORENCE, ITALY. II* THE MASK. NEW SERIES. VOLUME FIVE, jsr j:fifth Volume, which began with the July number, Three 1Editions are published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free, |1 to these Editions are respectively as follows. I Popular Edition-. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars I1 Large Paper Edition (100 copies.) „ 20. „ 5.00 piI Edition de Luxe. (15 copies.) „ 65, „ 16.OCMBB—an—wiwiM ■ ■■■■mi ii IM ■mm ■■ 11 ,T fp-, M—1 THE MASK. OLD SERIES. 1908... 1909... 1910... 1911... 8Unbound Sets, Vol. 1. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50 1^.fVoI. 2. ,, ,, 23. .. tt 6.50Vol. 3. it 1 20. tt t&gt; 5»oo ||Vol. 4* tt 11 15. it it ||Bound in Vellum. Vol. 1. „ „ 35. „ „ 8.50Vol. 2. „,, 30. „ „ 7.50 |1Vol. 3. 11 tt 25. t&lt; tt 6.50 ||V0l. 4* It It ,. ,, 5.50 IOrders and Subscriptions may be sent direct toTHE MASK O ffi ce s , Arena Go1d o n i, Florence, Italy. Ior to " The Society of the Theatre. " 7, John St, Adelphi, London, jl || FOUR OPINIONS ON " THE MASK" |11 " There is noi a page in ii which is 11I not interesting and stimulating in a fine 11j way". I| " The Mask" always contains something 1j! " worth reading, and often something"worth keeping ". |Pall Mall j"A quite remarkable magazine, rich II in intelligence" jI Westminster Gazette.|| "A very amusing and stimulating, as Ij well as a most beautiful, magazine." \|| The Daily Telegraph. 11j 'i I may say without any hesitation that I II •* have received more pleasure from itsij ** pages, both intellectual and aesthetic,II ltthan I have received from any other pe- 1 " riodical now being published. It is ama- i " zing to find that in a paper devoted to* a special object there should be so S" wide an intellectual appeal. IT. PSs Weekly. |jTRADE AGENTSSimpkin, Marshall, Hamilton,Kent&amp; Co. London. H Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R» Lastrucci, Via de Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask " Arena Gold* LITERARY CONTENTS. PRELUDE. JANUARY 1913 J. S ,83.THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATRE ....... ,94.GOOD BOOKS ABOUT THE THEATRE. A. C i99.THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF " THETAMING OF THE SHREW" &amp; "THE TEMPEST" E. W. Godwin, 1875. . 199.THE SACRED DRAMA OF CAMBODIA. . . . Pierre Loti, translatedby A. K. Cooma- raswamy. . . 206.THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG George Baltruschaitis. 209.THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL FOR THE ART OFTHE THEATRE. Laurence Binyon. ; 2I7.CLUNN LEWIS AND HIS PUPPETS John Bull . . . 221.CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS, No. 1CHAMPFLEURY Craig# . . 22g&lt;LIVERPOOL PUPPETRY Ernest Marriott . . 334.THE PRODUCTION OF A PUPPET PLAY. . . M. H. Bulley. . . 237.A HISTORY OF PUPPETS, (Continued) . . . " Yorick" (P. Ferrigni). 247.A STAGE PARADISO OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY. Giorgio Vasari. . . 266.Air CECIL SHARP AND THE ENGLISH DANCE Edward Edwardovltch 268.BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. EDITORIAL NOTES. . . . 271.Short Extracts from the Words and Writings of Goethe, Victor Hugo. 204, 220. ILLUSTRATIONS. FROSTISPIECE. BEHIND THE SCENES AT A PUPPETPLAY W. Phillips. Face. 193.THREE DIAGRAMS FOR "TAMINC OF THE SHREW" E. W. Godwin. „ 20*. 202.DIAGRAM FOR CONSTRUCTION OF A PUPPET. J. B. 241.DIAGRAM FOR A PUPPET STAGE 1 nDIAGRAM FOR SUSPENDING PUPPETS. j. B. 245.HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INI1IAL LETTERS by Gordon Craig, John Bull,Oliver, and from old English Designs. Behind the Scenes at a Liverpool Puppet Play, by W. Phillips, (see page 240. PRELUDE. JANUARY 1913. Very much has of late been said and written about theSchool for the Art of the Theatre which Mr Gordon Craio- has long declared to be essential for the Regeneration ofthe Theatre and its Art. In the present number of TheMask we print two essays upon this subject, one from Russia and one from England, and written by Dr George Baltruschaitisand Mr Laurence Blnyon. We also reprint the Preface from the Pros=pectus lately Issued by the School Committee, as giving a clear Idea ofthe object of the School and the intention of its originator.In connection with this project a Society has been formed which Isknown as u The Society of the Theatre" and which aims at creating adramatic movement which shall at all times appeal to the theatricalrather than to the literary aspects of drama, meaning by " that form of stage reproduction which makes an appeal through thesenses to the imagination rather than to the intellect.The Society looks to the idea of Gordon Craig as the inevitable mediumfor a vital restoration of the theatre.It will do all in its power to promote discussion of that idea withthe definite object of giving it practical expression.It recognises the need of and wiil try to establish a School for theArt of the Theatre with Gordon Craig as authoritative director. And itwill endeavour by means of productions, exhibitions, demonstrations andany other methods afterward to be decided upon, to promote the ac=ceptance of the idea for which it has been brought into being.«&lt;£&gt; The " Society of the Theatre" has Its offices at 7 John St: AdelphiLondon, and further Information can be obtained about both Society and School by writing to the Secretary at that address. Every reader of 77re Mask should be a member of the Society. J. S. THE SCHOOL FOR THE ART OF THE THEATRE. The object of this scheme, and the invention of its origi- nator, Mr. Gordon Craig, can be stated in a sentence....it is The Regeneration of the Art of the Theatre. It willnot be an institution for 44 teaching " any art, nor forlearning the crafts of acting, of decorating, or of lighting. It will consist simply of a body of earnest and thorough workers who,inspired by Mr. Craig, and building with him upon the foundations ofhis past great work, will strive by means of experiment and research torediscover and recreate those magic and elemental principles of beauty,simplicity, and grace in a department of the art-world, from which atpresent they are conspicuously absent.The school will aim at doing, and revealing the means of doing, whatis left undone by the modern Theatre. It will aim at infusing the lifeof Imagination into every Art and Craft connected with the stage, sothat fresh vigour will be given, not only to the creative powers of thoseactively connected with the drama, but also to those others, the spec- tators, who go to the theatre for refreshment, for artistic enjoyment,and for inspiration.The present realism and vulgarity of the theatre, passively enduredby thousands who do not know that things could be otherwise, mayperhaps be said to amuse, to distract, or even to excite these thousands;but the fact that it neither charms nor exalts them Is shown convincinglyenough by the eagerness with which they leave their old theatrical idolsand flock to such productions as 44 The Miracle, "44 (Ed 1 pus Rex " and44 Sumurun, " whenever they have the chance of doing so. And theseproductions, be it remembered, by no means embody all that Mr. Craighas to reveal and to give ; they are not even his own personal workand invention, but merely a faint afterglow of his ideas, only a more orless incomplete emulation of his methods, attempted by admirers or imi- tators who still compromise, who are still too ready to make concessionsto bad taste, and who still hesitate to go the whole length of Mr. Craig's conceptions. £? It was with the serious intention of arriving at a complete realizationof Mr. Craig's reforms that this plan of " The School for the Art of theTheatre " was arrived at. But to achieve this, experiment is necessary...experiment, the thorough nature of which is impossible in the actualconduct of a Theatre and only possible in such a foundation as is nowproposed. £? &amp;Certain picked men will conduct researches Into every aspect of thethree elements Sound, Light and Movement of which the Art ofthe Theatre is composed. They will publicly and privately produce plays,and they will constantly be in touch with certain Theatres, which, bya system of cooperation, will have the benefit of all that is discoveredand created in the School in return for their support.£/ It is hoped that the School, while being a practical and workingInstitution, will exercise a living influence on the Art of the present,and create in course of time a solid basis upon which the workers ofthe future will be able to build a vital and supreme Art. The whole ofthe continent is now interested in the work of this Englishman, GordonCraig. Only England is holding back, not because she does not want,but because she does not know. If this School can become a practicalreality the eyes of all that Europe which is interested in the theatre,will turn with eager expectancy in our direction; and Paris, Berlin,Moscow, Florence, Munich, Budapest and the other great cities of thecontinent will experience the novelty of deriving their lessons in Artfrom an English institution, conducted and inspired by an Englishman,on whom every one of them is already casting covetous glances, andfrom whom some of them have already derived lasting benefits. Hear what Dr. Alexander Hevesi, Dramaturg=Regisseur of the StateTheatre, Budapest, has to say about him: "He (Mr. Craig) has hisadmirers and followers in our little Hungary, the whole of the new ge- neration being under his influence, and without any disparagement tothe great merit and good luck of Prof. Reinhardt, we Hungarians, asclose neighbours and good observers dare say, that almost all that hasbeen done in Berlin or Diisseldorf, in Munich or in Mannheim, for thelast ten years, is to be called the success of Mr. Craig." &amp; £/ (GOOD BOOKS ABOUT THE THEATRE: ANote upon the Need for them, by A. C. 'jphe study of the Theatre offers innumerable difficulties to the student.Mr Huntiy Carter may be truthfully said, judging from his recentbook, to have overcome some of these difficulties with considerablesuccess,... with sufficient success for praise to be given him. (i)There are a few energetic men Ira England, and very few of them turntheir thoughts in the direction of the stage, and it is highly to Mr Car- ter's credit that he has turned his energy and thoughts In the directionof the young European Theatre which is rebuilding its stage, refashioningits methods of stage production and generally making ready for a newgeneration,... for the next generation. &amp; And because of this I am not going to point out for your edificationthe holes in the raiment. Mr Carter knows them better than anyoneelse and will no doubt spend much time in patching and darning. The book would have contained no faults at all had some other Eng- lishmen whose names shall not be mentioned here been awake. MrCarter has worked well, but I fear he has had to work too hard,... andunaided. That's what you fellows in the Clubs call " a damned shame."Well then, iet me make use of the phrase here. &amp; 1 once had the pleasure of meeting Mr Carter. We were both playingdemons in a kind of pantomime. I remember we threw a paper dart intothe air. Carter threw it awfully well, with just the same energy as hehas written this book. And we had to dance round a forest of trees andblow on huge kind of trumpets. It was a silly play... and we hardly madeany money. Yet now Mr Carter has written a book on the modern Theatre,and I have been so successful that ! am able to spend all my time inParis and Peru where I am studying a Drama which... but no one isinterested in what I am doing.^And nobody in England was interested enough to help Mr Carter inhis making of this book. Now is their chance. We all want to see a numberof good books written about the Drama and the Theatres of Italy, Spain,Russia, Germany, Hungary and so on. I want to see at least thirty firstclass books published in the next three years. £? Now who is to pay for these books that we all of us want? What isMr Carnegie doing? JZ? £&gt;£/ No, but really, quite seriously, I want to know what Andrew Carnegieis doing. ! know what I was told he was doing,.... trying to get rid ofhis fortune. I could help him get rid of a thousand pounds a year, andI'm not thinking of myself. JZ? JZ?&amp; I am thinking of the History of the Modern Theatre and Mr Carterand one or two other writers who could be of service to their countryif some of that disastrous money could be let loose into their pockets.You see, Andrew Carnegie, you're a man, and you know what a mandoes with money when he has a little, a little of it to spare afterhis lodging and meals are paid for. He spends it on his work. In fact,Andrew Carnegie, if you will believe it, he spends it on his work beforepaying for his bed and food. &amp; &amp; &amp;1 wonder if you will believe me ? I wish you would. £? And instead of remaining mute after 1 have had the impertinence toaddress you publicly, and because of that, I wish you would just do asI suggest. JZ&gt;JZ?JZ?JZ?JZ/J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;Don't be frightened because I speak straight. I'm an Englishman, andI'm speaking for others and for a great Art which has yet to prove Itself.If one night you saw in the streets the woman of Hood's great poem,if you passed her do you think you would recognise her? Where the lamps quiverSo far in the river,With many a lightProm window and casement,From garret to basement,She stood, with amazement,Houseless by night.Alas for the rarityOf Christian charityUnder the sun 1Oh 1 it was pitiful!Near a whole city full,Home she had none. Sisterly, brotherly,Fatherly, motherlyFeelings had changed :Love, by harsh evidence,Thrown from its eminence ;Even God's providenceSeeming estranged.Ere her limbs frigidlyStiffen too rigidly,Decently,... kindly...Smooth, and compose them ;And her eyes, close them,Staring so blindly 1Dreadfully staringThro' muddy impurity,As when with the daringLast look of despairingFix'd on futurity.Perishing gloomily,Spurr'd by contumely,Cold inhumanity,Burning insanity,Into her rest. That's the Theatre,... despised by everyone, used by everyone. It will need a great deal of tenderness to make up for all the pastbrutality. &amp; (!) See "Book Reviews", page 273 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS, by E. W.Godwin 1875. THE TAMING OF THE SHREW. A play called the "Tamynge of a Shrowe " was enteredat Stationers' Hall May 2, I594, by one Peter Shorte.In Shakspere we have this piav merely remodelled, themany references to costume, furniture, and othersurroundings being identical with the older work,except that Padua has been substituted for Athens. This first "■ Taming "is not unreasonably supposed to have been thework of Robert Greene, who died in 1592. We may therefore safely assumethe date of the action to be the same as that of the Merchant of Ve=nice...i.e., 1590.The induction introduces us to two Warwickshire scenesI. Before an alehouse on a heath ; 2. A bedchamber in a lord's house.The first of these is clearly at Wlncot, and the hostess is evidentlythe fat alewife who has scored Sly fourteen pence for sheer ale. Wlncotor Wilmecot, anciently Wylmyncote, is three miles from Stratford-on-Avon,a straggling, out-of-the-way sort of place, with poor, half-timbered cot- tages, any one of which would serve for the exterior of Marian Hacket'shome.&amp; The second scene is necessarily sumptuous. A bedchamber in a noble- man's country house of the sixteenth century Is no difficult matter tofind, Compton Winyates, the Warwickshire seat of the Marquis of Nor- thampton, is full of them. Charlecote, Warwick Castle, Haddon Hall, or,nearer London, Hatfield or Knowle, may be referred to. The text itselfsupplies us with a sense of the grandeur of the chamber, its size, andits luxuries. We have 44 sweet clothes," scented sheets, jewellery, adelicious banquet, by his bedside. Modern pictures of classic myth hangupon the walls... Aphrodite (Cytherea) and Adonis, lo and Zeus, Daphneand Apollo. Musicians are in attendance. Sweetwood burns on the hearth.There is a silver bason full Of rosewater and bestrewed with flowers, asilver ewer, costly dress, numerous servants, and even a private companyof players. On the floor would be small carpets or 44 tapets of Spayne", and matting may be stretched beneath them. The furniture would includecarved chests, a carved settle, a few chairs with cushions of leather orcloth of gold or silk (satin) damask, a couch before the fire (once onlya royal position), a flap*table, some sconces for candles, and toweringabove all a four-post bedstead blazing with gilded carving, with goldembroidery, rich vallances, precious fringes and pictured counterpane.When we know that the Duke of Exeter's bedstead and appurtenancescost 2,800/. (modern value) we can hardly run any danger of excess inelaborating this item in the scene.There was no particular costume for the chase in 1590, and the onlyadditions to the ordinary country dress of an Elizabethan lord whenhunting would be the horn and its belt, with a pouch and dagger. As Itis winter time throughout the entire action of the induction and theplay the page should be dressed in a high gown of cut velvet, open infront, disclosing a kirtle of embroidered silk. A ruff should be wornround the neck, a Jewelled chain over his breast, narrow puffings onshoulders and lace ruffs on wrists.Turning now to the play we find the architectural scenes are laid inPadua and in a country house about half-a-day's journey from the town.There are twelve scenes altogether, which may be easily brought intothe compass of five. &amp; 1. A public place. (Act i. Sc. 1 and 2; Act iv. Sc. 2 and 4; Act v. Sc. 1.)2. A room in Baptista's house. (Acts ii. and ill.)3. A room in Petrucio's country house. (Act iv. Sc. 1 and 3.)(4. A country road.) (Act iv. Sc. 5.)5. A room In Lucentio's house. (Act v. Sc. 2.) 1. The public square or open place in the first Act may by a littlemanagement be made to serve the second scene of Act i., the second andfourth of Act iv., and the first of Act. v. The second scene of the thirdAct, which is described as being before Baptista's house, may just aswell be in the room as in the street; and 1 can find nothing in the textto prevent Lucentio lodging near the residence of Baptista, or to separateHortenslo from either. A diagonally-set scene, as suggested in the annexeddiagram (No. I.), would give us the open place P; the house of BaptistaB, with a courtyard; the house of Lucentio, I, with an arcade, A; the house of Hortensio, H, with an arcade, A; streets, ss, going in twodifferent directions: and the proscenium at MN. There may be more arcades if the stage is alarge one, for Padua was acity of arcades. The style ofarchitecture may be bothGothic and Renaissance, muchthe same as already describedIn my notes on The TwoGentlemen of Verona, (i)And yet we should re- member that, without goingback to Antenor, a certainair of antiquity characterised this " nursery of arts" in Shakspere's day even more than now; thatalthough Palladio and other architects of the Revival pulled down, builtup, and changed pointed for round, the Renaissance never took hold ofthe university town with that destructive grasp which it laid on so manymediaeval towns of fruitful Lombardy. A plain brick building at I, withpointed arches to the arcade supporting the front of the house, wouldmark one very prevalent type of Padovian construction. A Romanesquebuilding at H of brick, with some later addition (such as a Renaissancedoorway of marble), and a half Gothic half Renaissance house at B, would give us that sort of historicalsequence and aristocratic air suggested,not only by the known history of thetown, but by the language of the ope- ning speech in the play.2. The room in Baptista's house,forming as it does the scene for thewhole of the second, and by the slightalteration I propose the whole of thethird Acts, should not only be a care- fully-constructed scene, but should be built out as much as is possible with the time at the disposal of the scene-setters. In figure 11, 1give a diagram, showing an interior arranged (as indicated by Baptista'sremarks) with an open loggia, I, with doors leading to the offices, &amp;c.,and a door to the private apartments, D. E is a fire-place ; G, garden orcourt; M, N, the proscenium. Through the open arches the paintercould give a view of the marvellous and singularly distinctive church ofS. Antonio, with its half-dozen domes and minaret-like towers; a picturethat would at once, and with very little labour, give local colour tothe scene. For it must be acknowledged that, unless strongly-markedfeatures like this are seized whenever the opportunity for doing sooccurs, it would be more than probable that, in those plays where thestory and the action are contemporary with the writing, or nearly so,the interior scenes would become monotonous. In the Scene now beforeus I should accept the Renaissance for the style of the architecture,decoration and furniture. And as to the details of these there can beno difficulty. We can find them all, and draw them all in one day, atSouth Kensington.&amp; 3. Petrucio's country house might have been a half-fortified Gothichouse, or even a castle. The scene is the hall, and the text only demandsa large fireplace with andirons and a sufficient number of entrances.Petruclo is a Veronese; and in the neighbourhood of Verona, on the road to Padua through Vi- cenza, are still to be seenmany mediaeval castles ofmore or less picturesqueoutline, which must havebeen used as residences longafter the necessity for sucha style of fortification hadpassed away. This scenewould perhaps be best ar- ranged diagonally, as in fig. III., where M N is the proscenium ; F, the fireplace; w. window recess:P, passage, with wood posts and brackets supporting gallery over thepassage; E, entrances and exits. Let the walls and doors be hung with tapestry, the mantelpiece made a very important feature and built upto the ceiling, and the window carefully arranged, and the effect of sucha scene would be realistic and I think satisfactory. But the furniture, ofcourse, must be rationally placed and the acting natural. &amp; &amp;4. The country road I leave and pass on to Padua. £? £?5. The hall or dining room of Lucentio's house should constructivelyharmonise with the exterior shown in fig. I.; that is to say. a Gothic brickbuilding would not shelter a Renaissance interior, except so far as suchfittings as fireplaces contribute to the character of the rooms. &amp;&amp; And now if we turn to the text we shall find the style and characterof much of the fittings and furnishing of the scenes indicated by thepoet himself, in Gremio's city house there is wealth of plate and gold,basins and ewers, hangings of Tyrian tapestry, ivory coffers where themoney is stored, cypress chests containing his arras, bedding, patchworkquilts or counterpanes, costly apparel, tents, and canopies; there too isplenty of fine linen; he has Turkey cushions bossed with pearl, valancesembroidered with Venice gold, and indeed all things that belong to houseor housekeeping. Of a surety Baptista Mlnola would have no less.The Costumes of the towns of Padua, Verona, Florence, Pisa andMantua, at the date of the action (1590), can be learnt in picture galieriesand in the pages of Cesare Veceliio. (i) Minola's daughters would be dressedin high'bodied gowns, ruffs round neck and wrists and generally likethat I have described in my last article for the lady of Belmont, (2) thedifference here being not one of shape but one of costliness of material.Of this however we may be quite sure, that the low square cut dress, somuch a favourite with the Venetians, was quite a rarity on the mainland.The University dresses of the doctors and the scholars or students werethe same as those of Venice. And the old gentlemen would wear longgowns as in Venice. But the text is so full of references to costume, andour libraries, museums, and galleries contain so many illustrations, thatit is unnecessary for me to dwell longer on the subject. I may howeveradd that the play makes mention of painting the face, of a colouredhat and cloak, as the dress of the student Lucentio, as distinguished from the sober or black dress of his servant, and reference is made to scarletcloaks, copatain hats, jerkins, breeches, boots buckled and laced, linenstocks or stockings, kersey boot hose, velvet hose, hat=feathers, bluecoats, pumps and fustian for servants; carpets, leathern jacks, slippers,silken doublets and coats, caps, cuffs, farthingales, scarfs, fans, amberbracelets, beads, a very small velvet cap for ladies, and last of all, poorKate Minola's gown made loose bodied, with a small compassed cape andtrunk sleeves, curiously cut and snipped all over like to a censer in abarber's shop. THE TEMPEST. us with no architectural scenery of any kind. 1 take the periodof the action to be of the time of Shakspere, but if the introduc- tion of the Duke of Milan makes the historical student uneasy, then thereIs no reason why the costume should not be put back seventy years orso. In the latter case we should have dresses similar to those describedin my notice of The Two Gentlemen of Verona: if we accept the laterdate, the costume, as described in my notices of The Tamingof the Shrew and The Merchant of Venice will suffice. One thing isespecially worth noting that the shipwrecked princes and nobles havetheir doublets and garments as fresh when they put them on first inAfrica at the marriage of the King of Naples' daughter Claribel to theKing of Tunis. (lj Sec " The Mask Vol: II page 168. (1) See " The Mask Vols; I, II, IV.(2) See " The Mask Vol; I poges 75 and 91. A WORD ON THEATRE , Goethe. said 1, *'cannot sufficiently extol the excellencies ofthe theatre of Weimar at that time."&amp; " I cannot deny it, It certainly possessed merit. The principal cause ofthis success was the absolute liberty left to me by the Grand Duke; Icould cut and prune as I wished. I did not seek to have splendid sceneryand a magnificent wardrobe; no, I only sought to have good plays. Fromtragedy to farce, every kind was good to me; but to find favour a playhad to have some worth. That it had grandeur and strength, or grace and gaiety was notenough ; it was necessary that it should be a consistent work, a healthywork; tearful sentimentalities, sickly weaknesses were excluded oncefor all as well as repulsive horrors and all which is opposed to purity ofmanners ; by all those performances I should have lost actors and public.On the contrary, the good plays elevated the actors. For the studyand continual practice of perfection must necessarily make somethingof the being whom nature has not wholly deserted. &amp;1 also kept myself In perpetual contact with the actors, I directed thefirst rehearsals and I explained to each his role as he read it; I waspresent at the principal rehearsals and sought with them the means ofdoing better ; I did not miss the performances, and the following day Imade my observations upon what had seemed to me to be not good onthe previous day. I thus caused them to make progress in their art.jgr I sought at the same time to raise the actor class in genera! esteem ;I received at my own house the best of them and those who gave thegreatest promise, and I thus showed to the world that 1 judged themworthy of entering with me into full social relations.The rest of the good society of Weimar did not fag.behind me in thisand actors and actresses soon obtained an honourable entry Into the bestcircles. All this served to assist in their interior and external developsment. My pupil Wolf at Berlin, and our Durand are persons of the mostexquisite social tact. Madame Oels and Madame Graff are sufficientlycultivated to honour the best society.*£? Schiller acted like myself. He had many intimacies among the actorsand actresses. He was present, like myself, at all the rehearsals, andafter each successful performance of one of his plays he was in the- habitof inviting the actors to spend a day with him in pleasure. They mutuallycongratulated each other on what had been successful and discussed theImprovements to bring to the next performance. But when Schiller arrived he already found actors and public faradvanced, and that, it must be said, contributed to the rapid success ofhis plays. From the " Conversationswith Eckermann 1822=1832. THE SACRED DRAMA OF CAMBODIA,Translated from the French of Pierre Loti byAnanda K. Coomaraswamy. uddenly the music grows more still and moremysterious, as if to announce some supernaturalappearance. One of the lower doors opens, andan adorable fairy-like creature springs into themidst of the hall: an Apsara from the temple ofAngkor. Impossible to create a more perfectillusion ; she has the same features because shehas the same pure blood, the same enigmatic smile, the lowered and almost closed eyelids, the same bosom of a quiteyoung girl, scarcely veiled by a thin silken net. uz?Her dress, too, is scrupulously copied from the old bas-reliefs, butcopied in real Jewels and splendid stuffs; sheaths of cloth of gold enfoldher legs and thighs.&amp; Her face is whitened with powder, her eyes are artificially lengthenedand she wears a very high gold crown, set with rubies, its point taperinglike a pagoda, and on her shoulders a sort of fins or wings, in gold andgems. Of gold and gems, too, are her great belt, and her anklets, andthe arm-rings that grace her bare arms, of the colour of amber touchedwith rose. JZ? js- JS? ss?Alone on the stage, at first, this little Apsara of two ages, an ema- nation of a sacred bas-relief, makes signs towards the same door... whichbecomes for us a gateway of fairy visions.... and two of her sisters runup to rejoin her, two new Apsaras, equally brilliant, their hips coveredwith the spine stiff sheaths, wearing the same golden crowns and wings.They hold each others' hands, all three. They are Apsara queens, nodoubt, for a throne has been prepared for them to sit upon. But signsof dissatisfaction are exchanged between them, and they make again thesame gestures of summons, towards the same door. It was already mar- vellous to behold three. Can it be that more are coming ? They come Ingroups, ten, twenty, thirty, dressed as goddesses like the first, with allthe treasure of Cambodia on their heads and their beautiful shoulders.They stand before the three queens and perform their ritual dances ...dances in which they hardly move from one place and that are, moretruly, rhythmic tremors of their whole being. They twist like snakes,these little slender beings, who are so supple and seem to have no bones.Sometimes they stretch their arms like a cross, and then the serpentineripple begins in the fingers of the right hand, ascends successively bythe wrist, the forearm, upper arm and shoulder, passes across the throat,continues,on the other side, follows the other arm and dies away in thefinger-tips of the left hand, covered with rings. &amp;In real life, these exquisite little ballet-dancers are carefully guardedchildren, often even princesses of the royal blood, whom none may ap- proach or behold. From the beginning of their life they are trained in thesesupple movements which appear so impossible for human limbs theseposes so unnatural, and yet in this country immemorially traditional, aswitness the stone people of the ruins.£7 They have come now to act some scenes from the Ram ay am, just asthey were carved on the hard sandstone, the bas=rellefs of the ancestraltemple. £/ £7 jS? £? £7£7 And here are their beautiful chariots of war brought in, miniaturecopies of those of Angkor=Vat. But by a na'ive convention, the elephantsthat should draw them are replaced by men, walking on all fours, nakedand yellow, wearing great cardboard heads with trunks and moveableears. Then we are shown gracious and tragic scenes, fights with monsters,and especially victorious processions. £7 £7 £7 £7 £7£7 We see a little queen of fourteen or fifteen, perfect In her chariot ofwar, pursued by the avowals of love of a young soldier, rejecting themwith infinite virgin grace ; we see a thousand delicate and charmingthings, that witness to a most refined art. Whenever a group of Apsaraswithdraws by one of the doors, behind, another appears at the otherdoor, and comes in slowly to fill the hall. There are some of these littlefairies all in gold, who may be seven or eight, who are painted like idolswearing especially high crowns, with jewelled wings on their shoulders,who march past, dignified and grave in hieratic poses.... £7£7 Here is the King of Monkeys, with his golden grinning mask... such aone, of course, as I saw carved on the walls of the old temples. He tootakes unnatural, Impossible poses (always those of the bas-reliefs); his young limbs were very early adapted to these traditional demands. Nexta whole army of monkeys invades the scene: still little girls, little prin- cesses, masked like scarecrows, though tiieir young breasts are outlinedunder light and precious silks. &amp; &amp; &amp;And this wonderful but not verj' formidable host are going to set freethe lovely Sita, held captive by demons in a far away island.... We areIn the midst of the Ramayana, and the very same spectacles must havebeen presented at Angkor-Thorn, they must have worn the same costumethen ; this evening has revealed to us the splendours of that legendarycity. Ages that seemed to us for ever past have come to life before oureyes; but it is no conscious reconstruction that has brought them tolife ; no, it is only that nothing has changed there, in the depth of thesoul or of the palace, since the heroic ages. Despite its so reduced powerthis fallen Cambodian people remains the Khmer race that once was thewonder of Asia, in its mysticism and its pomp; we know too that ithas never lost the hope of recovering its old capital, buried for ages inthe forests cf Slam,.... and It is aiways the Ramayana, that old andindefinite epic that continues to arouse its imagination and to guide itsMay France, protectress of this land, understand that the ballet ofthe kings of Pnom-Penh is a sacred legacy, an ancient marvel that mustnot be destroyed. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; . THE PATH OF GORDON CRAIG, by GeorgeBaltruschaitis. (0 &amp; " Epur si mu o e." Galileo. (2) he most unjust burden which can be inflicted byDestiny upon the soul of an Artist Is that of findinghimself constrained, instead of creating and crea- ting, to demonstrate to men the vitality of hiscreative work, to persuade people of the truth of hisprophetic vision.Because successfully to demonstrate, especially in matters of art, it is too often necessary to make the blind to see, whileto persuade it Is almost always necessary to make the deaf to hear.£/ But such a burden becomes supremely unjust if the artist, instead ofcreating and only creating, is compelled to seek among men the instru- ment and all the material of his &amp;This is the case with Gordon Craig. And until such time as his dreamshall be realised he can find some consolation in the fact that very manyamong the great have travelled this same way. The door of humanity isclosely barred even though there should knock upon it the very handwhich carries truth and life. But in the Eternal Book it is written," knock and it shall be opened ".When Craig began his great campaign of reform the very life of theEuropean theatre was in extreme confusion, and, as an art, it had lostall sense of direction and all intrinsic value. While Poetry, Painting,Sculpture, and even the most permanent among the arts, Architecture,have now long since discovered the oniy way for their true development,and while in them youth, and the enormous power of the new elementsand the new forms, of the new purposes and the new means, have re*blossomed to the full, the theatre has continued in its glorious way tobe ever the last, a safe refuge for the senseless, as aesthetic system ;for the false and dead realism. &amp; &amp;Such fidelity on the part of the theatre to the " good old days ",such blind persistence in its error and decrepitude seems the more strange and ridiculous in that the general Renaissance through the spiritof the new life was no haphazard thing, was not based upon the will orcaprice of individuals, but resulted as the direct consequence from theother, more profound and more mysterious, transfiguration in the humansoul. &amp;\All the manifold activity and the age-long development of the forcesof culture and all the subjective experience of men have contributed tothis end;.... that our mind has its character, and our senseshave become more acute, more subtle and complex, and our very soul ischanged past recognition. &amp;And today we ail, even the most careless, see things differently: ourthoughts are of other things; our way of life is changed. Nay, more, allthe secret activities of our human will have entered into a new andmore fruitful relationship with the Universe, and our faith, our prayer,our conception of God are no longer those of heretofore. &amp; &amp;This, and this only, has produced all the changes in the mind of manand in his Art, and from this wave in the universal awakening and theuniversal revolt of the spirit has come forth Gordon Craig. &amp; &amp;&amp; His uncompromising attitude is immoveable because the reformer Inhim takes Its stand upon the facts of life Itself as executor of its irre- sistable will, as creative instrument of its eternal movement. And theenemies of Craig should bear in mind that It is not he, Gordon Craig,but Nature itself, the liberated soul, that Is in conflict with them.He alone has first, and more clearly than any other, heard the im- perious voice of life: he alone, first, and more solemnly and courageouslythan any other, has proclaimed the divine message of Beauty and of thenew aesthetic truth in the Theatre, indicating at the same time theprecise and practical way in which to give it form. The sure triumphof his idea! can, naturally, be retarded by opposition ; the precision ofhis ideas can be obscured by sophistries; but life is life, and those thingsdestined to die.... will die.&amp; By this time the very patrons and defenders of the existing Theatrehave evidently themselves some sense of its decrepitude and its imminentdeath. Indeed, only the fear of death can explain all the efforts to returnto the conditions of the ancient stage, to the Greek tragedy, to the my- stories of the Middle Ages and so on, and only as fumblings towards adoor which shall lead to life can one explain the recourse to the ma- rionette theatre, to the open air theatre, and so on. £? &amp; &amp;But neither the string of the marionette virtuoso nor yet the realrustling of the woods can restore the old invalid, just as its days have%not been much prolonged by those well-known theatres of Stanislawskyat Moscow, of George Fuchs at Munich and by all the activity of Pro- fessor Max Reinhardt, who has annexed some of Gordon Craig's ideas,only externally and one-sidedly understood them, and, with great fameand profit to himself has carried them almost all over Europe.All these things are but the twigs upon the ancient trunk, the flowersupon the old soil. Each improvement and renewal, where it has reallybeen effected, remaining within the false circle of the past, has touchedbut the exterior part of the theatre while the essence has always remainedthe same.&amp; Not being a true and independent art and not exerting any power orany talent towards becoming a fine art, the present theatre continues tousurp the place of the true theatre, and retards its renaissance. Andmore than that; debasing the drama and following the caprices of thePlaywright whom it has itself corrupted, it bars the way to the truedramatic poet. And yet more that that; it depraves the taste of thespectators, weakens the value of the theatre as an instrument of culture,and stifles in the public the true conception of the theatre as an art. Infact, were spiritual values as severely scrutinized by men as are moraland material values, the modern theatre would have been long sinceproclaimed a great public calamity. II. he construction of his idea! theatre Gordon Craig has commencedby experiments upon the problem of space in the theatre, bymeans of which he has arrived at the admirable Invention of the new Scene in screens, which has been exhibited in London andapplied &lt; with great success last year (i) in W. B. Yeats's theatre inDublin, and with yet greater results this year in Moscow. &amp; &amp;&amp; Whoever has seen the etchings and scenic designs of Craig cannot(I) This was written in January 1912. but marvel at the vast expression and the amazing effects which heknows how to create by his original and wholly characteristic treatmentof line. Now treating of any random subject, now seeking to express amental state through the human figure, Gordon Craig's line finds anideal curve, a contour of extraordinary aesthetic value. The happy and most rare combination in him of a fine pictorial artistand a great psychologist... and Craig is indeed a psychologist in the mostsubtle sense of the word... has converted geometry in his hands into apowerful means for the expression of life; an expression always and equallyprecise in both its beauty and its inward truth. £? In the scenes of Craig the line becomes a kind of living emblem of amotion of the human souf. It is to him what sound is to a Composer.£/ Craig seems to know an ideal line for joy, a line of anguish, ofstrength, of hope, of despair, and so on. AH those flights of steps ofCraig's, those square blocks, th'e folds, the bands of light and shade, areas living beings assailed by the silence of their tragic life. &lt;£? Contemplating the lines of Craig is like hearing a Mass by Palestrina,and ever within them there is something musical, a cadence, a rhythm.The least angle in these contours is a movement, a gesture, and eachgesture is always in itself Beauty, always a noble attitude in its supremeprecision, and one always feels that, before combining and expressinganything, be it what it may, Gordon Craig seeks, by an infallible method,always successfully to determine to what measure of expressive materialhe must limit himself on behalf of the most ideal visual perception.And this problem is so importnnt, so fundamental that, in solving it, he«(Kachieves one of the supreme miracles in the 'creation of the ideal theatreand in the liberation of the theatre as art.For the supreme weakness and the supreme error of the stage beforeCraig's time, ...especially of the so-called " realistic stage "... lay in thevery fact that it was over-charged with spectacular material, with themassiveness of properties, with the carnevalesque confusion and riot ofcolours, thus becoming a chaos, which abolished all the laws of theatricaloptics, the most elemental rules of &amp;The inner consciousness of the spectator was compelled to make foritself some deduction from this chaos, to carry out individually that creative work which is a fundamental duty of every true art. The imagi- native faculty of the spectators, that inner freedom which can never beabolished, was too much oppressed and bound down; attention alwayswandered, always fixed itself on useless things; and, since that whichwe see with our eyes in the theatre constitutes the greater part of thetheatre, all that useless effort wellnigh exhausted the sensitive facultyof the soul to the detriment of the emotions which come through theenjoyment of art although these latter are the things which, like themiracle of internal light and freedom, we seek in the theatre.Gordon Craig, on the contrary, by his treatment of scenes, at last,...and for the first time In the history of the theatre... sets the stage free,and lifts every weight and chain from the spectator, opening the spiritwide to the miraculous communion with art and to its divine joy.When Craig applied his new and entirely right ideas to the treatmentof space in the theatre and when he invented his screens, the Stagereceived its definite form, which derives from its very essence, just asthe severe and particular form of every crystal is derived from itsown nature. He has set free all the potentiality of space as a creativeelement, all its plasticity, all its infinite mobility. In Craig's hands,Space, ceasing to be a dead thing, has become expressive as a living humanface, perhaps even more expressive than the human face. And more thanthat, it has become a true and lnportant dramatis persona, revealing tothe theatre and to the dramatic poet unexpected and inexhaustible vistasand possibilities.&amp; This conquest, which, like everything which Gordon Craig creates, isthe outcome of experiments and proved by being put into practise, is so9fertile in its consequences and so wonderful and important, that of Itselfalone it suffices to give us full confidence in him both as true reformerand as the only supreme judge of our day in the realm of Theatrical Art.£/ Yet even this is not all. £? J&amp;&amp; According to Craig's plan it is necessary, for the rendering possibleof a true theatre as Art, that the problems of light, of movement andvoice should also be solved in the same radical manner. £&gt;Here also, as In the old scenery, all is chance: very often clumsy,almost always void of sense and of any inward value. 42 Strange though it may be, the movements of the human face andbody, its mimicry, express so little and so badly the infinite variety ofthe movements and states of our soul that our face can be compared,without much exaggeration, to the glove, which hides all the most deli- cate and most expressive lines and curves of the hand. And betweenthe human face as it can be and certainly one day will be the differenceis as profound as is profound the difference between the face of a blacksavage and the face of Dante, of Shelley or of Carlyle.&amp; And our voice too, in spite of all the art of theatrical declamation, isperhaps even less flexible, lacking in all expression. In the human voicewe distinguish by now the note of determination and of hesitation, thatof caress, of love, of strength, of consternation and so on. But continuallyin our own life there are moments no less important, things no lesssubtle before which we are almost mute. And the simple flute of a shep-&gt;herd, or the dead string beneath the bow of Paganini perhaps possessesthe gift of human speech in a greater degree than the majority of Eu- ropean actors. &amp; The movements of the face, of the body, our gestures, our voice, arethe only means by which we can express ourselves, our will, our soul.And we have no others, and what we have is but too imperfect. Andonly when those means and methods of expression shall be developed....*and Gordon Craig knows how this may be attained... and only when allthe faculties and forces latent in them shall be revealed, will the theatrebecome a perfect art in all its visible Beauty and in all its internal unity. III. II that Gordon Craig has achieved, all that he has proclaimedand never wearies of proclaiming, has long since won for himmany friends and supporters, and even imitators such asProfessor Max Reinhardt. Both upon the Continent and in England his works have been supremely valued by the leading men inthe realm, of Art and of Thought. And it seems in truth a strange andmost unjust thing that his ideal theatre has not yet become an establi- shed fact, but still encounters many enemies and much indifference.The enemies of Craig are undoubtedly ,either persons who are notwell acquainted with his ideas and aims and thus do not succeed in well understanding them, or they are people who are afraid. Certain writersand actors fear that Craig's work may ruin their art. But the art of atrue poet as that of a true actor cannot, in Craig's theatre, but becomemore beautiful, more profound and more active. It Is dangerous only tofalse art and to all that is neither a creative gift nor poetry. And Craig'senemies are therefore themselves the best judges as to how far theirfear is just. &amp; &amp;As for the indifference, It is an indifference, not to the work of Craigbut rather to the theatre in general,... that sad human indifference toevery .kind ef art. And it must be explained as a general negligenceregarding the theatre as instrument of culture and a false understandingof its true essence.&amp; For what, after all, is the Theatre ?£* 44 You devote your service to the most useless thing in the world "said the wife of a great artist to her husband.^An -enormous majority of the men of today argue like that poorwoman. Some look upon the theatre as a fine kind of place to amuseoneself; others hold the theatre as one of the many heirlooms of Greekculture and thus no essential item in the round of our ordinary daily life.But the theatre is not merely a house in which to digest sumptuousdinners and to have a good laugh, just as the art of the dramatic poetand of the actor did not spring up for the first time in Greece. For theart of the playwright and the art of stage delivery are, in the same or- ganic way, profoundly inherent in the nature of Man, just as are thefaculty of speech, the divine gift of thought, of memory and of imagi- nation ; just as is all that Nature has bestowed on men for communionone with another. The theatre is useful or useless to man in the samedegree as is useful or useless to us the whole miracle of our art, thewhole creative activity of man. And a time will come when the theatrewill have the same lofty and noble rank in life as by theChurch, the School, and so on.' JS?Gordon Craig seeks to hasten the coming of such a time. But we mustall bear well in mind that the foundation of the true theatre does notrest with and is not the mission of Craig, alone. The construction of thetrue theatre is the duty of all men as it is a duty of all to cooperate in the bettering and development of all life, and as we are all In equaldegree responsible for the greatness, the beauty and the perfection ofMan in ourselves. 00000 Even though men will not lend their aid Gordon Craig will find inhimself the strength and means to carry out his work alone. Of this weare convinced by the long years which he has passed in [solitary work,almost in exile (and exile is never voluntary); in this we are compelledto believe by the force of his will which may be described as trulyBritish. 0 0 0 0 00 But there is a good omen. The Swedish Academy of Science not longsince awarded to the Belgian poet Maurice Maeterlinck the Nobel prize.Maeterlinck has somewhat widened the limits of dramatic poetry anddivined for himself a new path, while Gordon Craig has erected thewhole idea of the theatre as a true art [and has opened alike to thetheatre and to the dramatic poet the most fertile promise. 00 Perhaps England also, the Fatherland of progress, will give to itsgreat Son, not a prize, perhaps, but simply the possibility of workingand attaining his Ideal ...that experimental School of the Art of theTheatre, without which he cannot, to the full degree, fulfil the com- mandment of God to man and the supremely sacred duty of the Artist\towards LIFE. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 (1) English translation by D. Nevile Lees.(2) 44 All the same it moves. " THE GORDON CRAIG SCHOOL FOR THEART OF THE THEATREA Recognition ofthe Need for it, by Laurence Binyon. ife, however much we overlay and protect it with refined so- licitudes, remains primitive at the core. We may subtilize ouremotions and enlarge the sphere of them, but the causes ofthose emotions which shake us and stir us to the depths, which make us realize what we are and what life means to us,... theseremain the same. &amp;So it Is with the Theatre. Developing now on this side, now on that,passing through countless phases, It never wholly loses, so long as it isa living thing, its primitive character of a festival religious in Its originand essence. Yes, religious: for in the theatre men and women gathertogether to see, what ? Life itself; Life, not as fact, but as idea; life inits wonders, Its pregnancy of meaning, its immense horizons. &amp;And not only to see, but ideally to participate in it: to feel, think,act, suffer, laugh, rage, rejoice beyond the capacities of our own work-a- day, habit-bounded selves, and so to participate, be it never in so smalland obscure a measure, in the divine energy streaming thorough theworld of things it has created. Art is here no choice affair for the con- noisseur, a secret from the crowd ; it is like religion, for the ignorantand the common no less than for the intellectual and the chosen, itmust make Its highest thought felt, it must strike to the primitiveheart; it is universal or nothing; it unites, not divides. I feel, 1 confess, something of this undercurrent of religion (in itsfestal aspect) whenever I go to a theatre, however mundane,.... at leasttill the curtain goes up. Let the curtain go up on an empty stage, andhow swiftly should we all, we who are gathered together in concentratedexpectancy, people it with our imaginations. No drama that we haveseen quite fulfils all the wonder that we feel might be done upon thatempty space which invites and invokes with its mere height and depthand breadth, its light and its darkness.&amp; The Ideal Theatre would focus all the arts in a magnificent, over- powering unity of impression. Unity, that is what our actual theatrelacks, that is what Mr Gordon Craig is striving to recover. The theatre of today is split up into departments; it has imprisoned all the arts eachin its own cell. The lighting Is one business, the scenery another, thedresses another, the stage-management another: and how often the nottpossumus of the man of specialized experience, and no Ideas but whathe has learnt from others, blocks the way to bold experiment! To vital- ize the Art of the Theatre we need to realize the proud, sufficient sen- tence of Alfred Stevens, " I know of but one art But when we have unified the production of a piece in the controlof a single artist, there still remain the actors and the playwright.Those who have read Mr Craig's book know that he has not only thefertilizing ideas and gifts of design but the manifold experience requisitefor this unifying task: perhaps no one living combines the necessaryqualifications as he does. How does he deal with the actor and theplaywright ? &amp;&amp;Mr Craig is embarassed by this intractable human material; it is notductile enough, it is too self-assertive. With admirable daring he pursueshis ideal to its logical end and effaces.... in his dream of the future....both the actor and the writer of plays. I can imagine wonder and beautyin this theatre of Mr Craig's ideal; I hope I may live to see it. Andthough in this matter I do not agree with Mr Craig, still his criticismof the dramatic poet.... I use the term In its large and liberal sense,....is in the main a true one. £?The drama is too much a written thing. Certainly our poets who haveattempted drama since Elizabethan times have been far too much writersand far too little makers of plays. They have built in the air conceivingtheir work as little more than a succession of speeches and even thespeeches have too much the character of writing, too little that of speech.I am far from thinking with Mr Craig that Shakespeare's tragediesdo not gain on the stage, much as they may also lose. But probably inall plays there is a tendency to rely too much on the word. A dramatist'smaterial is not only language; it is even more the action, gesture, movementwhich the stage alone gives him; not to speak of the emotional equiva- lents of light and darkness, of large spaces and of dominant colours.All these are his to work with and to fuse in the unity of his art. To my daughter, aged seven, bent on seeing a certain play of Shakes- peare's, it was hinted that she might be bored by not understanding somuch of the language. She replied with conviction, " Oh, what theyIs mostly nonsense, it Is what they do that is so interesting". Mr Craigwould approve so sound an instinct. He insists that the child's view isthe right view. And indeed I fancy that it might be a good end for adramatist to set before him that his play should be in its essentialsunderstandable In dumb-show from the movements of the characters. Tothink in terms of action and movement, as a poet thinks in images ;that is the healthy condition.&amp; But how is the dramatic poet to learn his business in these days,when the opportunities of experiment are so circumscribed as scarcelyto exist? To write play after unproduced play is much like paintingin the dark. Well, here is Mr Craig come to our help with his idea of aSchool, a School devoted to the whole art of the theatre. AdmirableIdea! and most admirable in this, that the school is one where no fixedroutine or rigid pattern are to be taught, but all are to learn and coope- rate in learning.&amp; Had William Morris undertaken the drama as he undertook so manyarts and crafts, this would have been his way. How splendid for the dra- matic poet to learn his art not from abstract principles or from readingplays in the study, but by handling the actual material of it, by becomingmaster of all the subsidiary crafts of the theatre himself!£f\xi such a school theory would be put to the test. We may not all ofus be with Mr Craig in his desire some day to attenuate the writtenplay and to substitute for the actor the ueber-marionette. But we shouldall, 1 think, like to see experiments in this direction made.&amp; Meanwhile experiment would go on with the old material; endlesslyfruitful experiment; who can doubt it ? &amp; j&amp;To one approaching the problems of the art of the theatre in such aschool, the accepted methods of today, whereby separate energies produceby conscientious labour results as absurdly Incongruous as figures byMichelangelo set in landscapes by Leader, would be smply unthinkable.None of us, 1 suppose, will ever see his own Ideal Theatre absolutelyrealised. But the Inspiring, hopeful thing about this projected School is thatit would make so much possible, it would open out so many vistas. Above all It would set the life-blood of the art healthily circulating, as In asingle organism, its principle would be, not mechanism, but growth. 00 Will not England, then, will not Englishmen, make this School a reality? A WORD ABOUT IMAGINATION by Victor Hugo. Jmagination is depth. No faculty of the mind goes and sinks deeper thanimagination; it is the great diver. Science, reaching the lowest depths,meets imagination. In conic sections, in logarithms, in the differentialand integral calculus, in the calculation of probabilities, in the infinites- mal calculus, in the calculations of sonorous waves, in the applicationof algebra to geometry, the imagination is the co-efficient of calculation,and mathematics becomes poetry.'T'he profound word Number is at the base of man's thought; it is, toour intelligence, elemental; it has an harmonious as well as a ma- thematical signification. Number reveals itself to art by rhythm, whichis the beating of the heart of the infinite, in rhythm, law of order,God is felt. &amp; &amp; &amp; CLUNN LEWIS AND HIS PUPPETS by John Bull. 44 In England the Puppet Shows were much in vogue In such44 places as Bartholemew Fair, where they became serious rivals44 of the living actors. " JS&gt; &amp;E. K. Chambers. 44 Mediaeval Stage. " Vol: II. p. 158. Mr Clunn Lewis is the remaining link in England withBartholemew Fair, and he now wanders through England,supported at times by the Church and at times by thepublic, tie Is an old man, or we should hear more of Lewisthan we do. His adventures would fill a fair sized book, and I wish that Joseph Conrad would follow him round for a month orso, and tell us the tale. On a scrap of paper that I have, we get a tasteof his quality and of that of his show. This is how it runs:... &amp; £?A few Items of the Show.was a Leading Attraction at St Bartholomew'sFair, where it stood next to Richardson'sBarnstorming in my time.Played 44 The Red Barn " In a veritable barn.Real rats and plenty of them behind the stage.Seating Accommodation.Front Seats. From the Parish Church.Back Seats. Sacks of potatoes.Steps leading to platformmade of Linseed Cakes.But full Houses.Here he mentions 44 The Red Barn ", and, as old playgoers know, thefull title of this play is 44 MARIA MARTIN, OR THE MURDER IN THERED BARN ".&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;Last year Mr Clunn Lewis came to London with his puppets, andperformed at the Camera Club, and Mr Bernard Shaw and others madespeeches about him and the papers were full of him and pictures of him ' and yet somehow he still has to wander on along the high-roads, sometimesplaying on his harp, when there are not enough people to be found tomake up an audience and at other times giving a show which probablybrings in two pounds ten if as much. And if the clergy, the men of lettersand the way-side folk support him to the extent that they are able,still, the English public has done practically nothing for him.When I say that the English have done nothing for him, I mean thatthey have done nothing for themselves, for, in serving the man whopreserves old traditions of this kind, they would be serving themselvesmore than anyone else. jg?Here is the case of a man who has been giving performances for thelast fifty years wherever he can find an audience of forty to sixty, andyet the English public do not support him. It is so often said of an artistthat he has only to show people what he can do, and how he does it,for them to support him. This is untrue.&amp; Of course people would say that this case of Mr Lewis is not a goodexample, and that puppets are out of date, and all the rest of It.Again this is not true. There is hardly a word in the English excusesthat is true ; it is only their particular weak way of getting out of exer- ting themselves. As I write this I am feeling a little more seriously than those do whowrite of Mr Clunn Lewis's "merry heart" with which he trudges fromvillage to village. I see a little further under the skin than that, andalthough the papers were so full of the honour that he had received inbeing introduced to Mr Bernard Shaw, I am sure Mr Bernard Shawmust have felt that the honour was equally on his side.&amp; All this talk about "the merry Mr Lewis" and the *' honour he hasreceived ", is a very easy way of getting out of doing anything further.I say that Mr Clunn Lewis is, in spite of appearances... and he pretendsto be cheerful enough... a broken down man, broken down while he at- tempts single-handed to preserve one of England's traditions. &amp;&amp; It Is Just a man like this to whom the State should give a pension.A poet, and many another man, deserves his pension, but I am surethat a poet doesn't live on the hundred odd pounds he receives fromthe State, whereas I believe that Mr Clunn Lewis could. &amp; And then, whereas there are many poets, several of whom receivepensions, there is but one Clunn Lewis, one Marionette Showman (i) Andthe State can easily find a way of helping this old showman to preservethe marionettes, by putting up a tiny wooden booth for him in HydePark.There would be nothing very difficult in this. If a precedent is wantedthey have only to go over to Paris and find at least three such places,two of them in the Champs Elysees, and one in the Tuilerles Gardens.These theatres are kept up by the State, and children and grown uppeople of all classes stop there daily to witness the performances. Theybelong to the few exciting things to be seen in Paris.In the Tuileries Gardens the theatre is a covered-in theatre, so that,should it rain, the performance can still go on; but it is only coveredin so far as the top and part of the sides are concerned ; the rest is opento the air, and there can be no uncomfortable feeling of stuffiness: it issurrounded by trees, creepers and flowers, and the whole thing looks verypretty and the children are fascinated by it. J£? &amp;&amp; The two others, in the Champs Elysees, are probably well known tomany people, for this is on the high road : you can see them as you passby in a cab, and you will certainly stop to look at them if you pass byon foot. They are in among the trees, and they perform in the spring,summer and autumn. They make no fixed change for these two performan- ces unless you wish to go in and sit down on a tiny seat, but those whostand can see for nothing. J(? JS? JZ?I want to see two such theatres in Hyde Park soon, and I believethere are thousands of children who want to see them too. You maysay that there is a Punch and Judy at all the street corners. There area few, and the wonder is that people do not get killed in watching them.These shows should be in the Parks and in the Gardens. &amp;0 What is against having half a dozen such shows in the Park and twoMarionette theatres as well ? Old Clunn Lewis has a Marionette Re- pertory Theatre, and, like all other Repertory Theatres in England, ithas a future before it. *0 He sometimes thinks that the good days are over. 1 think that he is mistaken ; they are all before him; The old showman is now sixty-threeyears of age, and says that if he had his life to choose once more, hewould risk it ail again for the open life of the road. &amp;Here is a passage from his recollections44 I married at nineteen,44 and my wife, who was a clever singer and actress, stuck to it with44 me, and we saved money. So I was able to buy this famous old show," which was originally known as 44 Middleton's ". Those were the days44 before the 44 bikes " and cheap trips to town. At Canterbury Fair we44 always looked to clear a hundred pounds and expenses. You wouldn't44 take a hundred shillings now.JP 44 To my mind, what began the mischief.were the London Exhibitions44 ....the Fisheries and the rest. They took the villagers up to "Lunnon",44 and they came back to find our simple little shows dull and slow.44 Anyhow, it was about that time that my savings of seven hundred44 pounds began to melt away. Now, of course, with the 44 Picture Pa- 44 laces " in every country town, it is harder than ever to make people44 come to see our puppet plays. They say the craze will 44 die out in44 time, " but that is small comfort when we are not only 44 dying out "44 but likely to be dead before long. There was a time when I and my44 wife used to have a repertoire of no fewer than seventy plays ray44 wife making all the dresses for the marionettes, and I painting the44 scenery. Many a time I have extemporised a play, reading up a new44 plot in the afternoon, and trusting to my mother-wit with the puppets44 in the evening. But those days are over now, and I keep for the most44 part to the old scenes, while my niece and her little son and a young44 44 serlo " who has joined us, help with 44 varieties ". That is what he has to say for himself, and this is what other peoplehave to say: JS&gt; SP &amp; &amp; JPG. K. Chesterton. 44 I have seen within recent months two plays44 that were passionately applauded by all the children in the house, as44 distinct from the adults. One was a performance of old battered dan- 44 cing dolls by an old English showman. His name is Clunu Lewis, and44 he takes a wooden puppet show through all the roads and villages of44 England exactly in the style of a Dickens showman...... It is a good44 entertainment, and like Mrs Jarley's in this especially.... that the " showman is even more amusing than the show. "Bernard Shaw wrote something about Clunn Lewis and it was farmore complimentary than what he wrote about Sir Henry Irving, butthe exact passage I have lost. &amp; ' JS? £?&amp; Other celebrated men have said polite things about him, and amongstthese are Cardinal Vaughan, Cardinal Manning, the Rev. Father Fletcher,and Archdeacon Wright. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;I would like to draw the attention of more active and less loqua- cious persons to Mr Lewis's existence, and would especially like to seesuch cities as Manchester and' Sheffield and Liverpool doing somethingto encourage this old stager. &amp; (1) If this is incorrect The Mask will he glad to hear oi any others. Ed: CONVERSATIONS WITH MY REAL FRIENDS, by Gordon Craig, J. S. T These 44 Conversations " which Mr Craig intends to holdIn The Mask with men long since dead who have deli- vered themselves or committed themselves on the themewhich he has made practically his own will have a parti- cularly vivid Interest. We have had 44 Imaginary Con- versations",..those of Landor and others; and we have had "Real Conver- sations "by William Archer and others; but the " Real" Conversationshave had to be, perforce, with living men, and consequently their valueIs perhaps a little transitory, while with the "Imaginary" Conversationsthe whole thing is too much of a fabrication to have any very vitalsignificance for us. &lt;0? &amp;The plan of the present series is different. Here the author speaks forhimself and defends the opinions which he himself set forth once for allin his writings, thereby challenging the reader to argument, or enlistinghim as a partisan. &amp;In Gordon Craig's collection there is hardly a book which touches onthe theatre which is not scored with annotations, queries, arguments:and it was in looking over these books that the idea suggested itself tohim that, with a little arrangement, and without altering a line of theauthor, he could produce veritable Conversations in which each wouldspeak in his own words.The series planned will Include, among others, Conversations withRlccoboni and Gherardi, those prominent figures of the Commedla del-V Arte; with Schlegel, Theophlie Gautier, and Champfleury, andMask has secured the serial rights of some of these Duologues, of whichthe first, that between Gordon Craig and Jules Champfleury, is here given. jg? &amp; A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE ON JULES P. R. Iules Husson Fleury or Champfleury, with whom the first of theseConversations is held, was a French writer who was born at Laon In182s and died at Paris in 1889.Drawn by his awakening literary instincts from his native town towards Paris, he there became one of a coterie which Included PierreDnpont, Baudelaire, Henri Murger, Theodore de Banville, Courbet, Bonvin,Nadar and Jean Journet. He wrote many novels and pantomimes, somebiographical and critical studies, (including monographs on Balzac andHenri Murger,) and several learned treatises on ceramics,...a subject withwhich he was well acquainted, since in later life he was successivelykeeper of the Mus£e Sbvres and administrator of that important ma- nufacture. 0That which chiefly interests us, however, is his close association withthe "Th&amp;itre des Funambules" for which he composed many pantomimes.£? The Theatre des Funambules was situated on the ancient Boulevarddu Temple. A showman named Bertrand had first set up there a largebooth in which he exhibited various acrobats, the French word " Funam- bules " meaning a tight-rope dancer and being also the name of a kindof squirrel.About 1816 Bertrand obtained the right to replace his booth by areal little theatre and to have pantomimes and vaudevilles performedthere. J£? &amp;This new theatre, which contained places for some five hundred, leda modest enough existence until the manager had the good fortune,about 1820, to engage Gaspard Debureau, who became the most famousPierrot of his time. Even so, however, it was not until after the Revo- lution of 1830, when the " Funambules " broke altogether with ropedancing and acrobatics and devoted itself wholly to vaudeville and aboveall to pantomime, that the celebrity of Debureau, and consequently ofthe theatre where he appeared, really began. Fairy pieces were given there, and as Debureau's fame" grew poetsand novelists vied with one another in preparing pantomimes to be in- terpreted by this popular favourite. Picard, Theophile Gautier, CharlesNodier, (who, however, though he wrote for Pierrot, reserved hiswarmest love for Polichinelie), and Gerard de Nerval, (who was so greatan enthusiast that he visited Italy, England and Germany solely to studythe Pantomime of those countries), helped to increase the fame of thisPierrot; while Jules Janin put the crowning stroke to his success bywriting his " Histoire du Theatre a quatre sous". After Debureau's death the fine tradition was carried on by his sonand other Pierrots, including Paul Legrand, Kalpestri, and AlexandreGuyon, and the little theatre, 44 grand com me la maison de Socrate ",continued, Chanipfieury tells us, to take as much money as the "Cirque-Olympe " itself, retaining its popularity until the year 1862, whenHuassmann, prefect of the Seine, destroyed the classic Boulevard duTemple, causing the des Funambuies to disappear.&amp;It was in the years subsequent to the death of the elder Debureauthat Champfleury prepared his pantomimes; and his experiences duringthose years and the conclusions to which he had come upon the variousschools of Pantomime are embodied in a book called 44 Souvenirs desFunambules " which he published in 1859. £?It is upon a chapter In this book, 44 Les Decors ", that the followingConversation is based, Champfleury's own opinions being actual passages taken In order and always given in his own words. CONVERSATION BETWEEN JULES CHAMPFLEURY ANDGORDON CRAIG. 1859-1912. &amp; G. C. Come, my dear Champileury, let us take our coffee here atthe Cafe Procope. Now tell me, what was it you began to say aboutPantomime and the Mask ? &amp;ChampfleuryJS/ Why, a vaudeviHist, full of experience, was speakingto me one day of pantomime, and he said to me, " Where do your piecestake place?" Not understanding him, 1 begged him to explain himself,and he said that he meant to ask me in what town or capital were Pierrot,Columbine and Harlequin supposed to be living their adventurous life.&amp; G. C. JZ? We!!, of course you told him ? &amp;&amp; Champfleury Yes, I told htm that the question which was appa- rently so simple was a very fount of folly. I told this old vaudeviHist whowas taking an interest in pantomime, that the adventurous life of thesepeople has no home. And he then told me that he thought that therewas some traditional country, and that he guessed it to be Bergamo.Q. C. *£? And was he very wrong ? £? Champfleury Well, I told him that I cared no more for Venicethan for Bergamo. &amp; &amp; &amp; jZ? G. C. Well but, because you care no more for Venice than forBergamo, is that any reason that the old vaudevillist should not be ratherpleased at the idea of being able to find Arlecchino's native town ? Am1 not right in believing that Arlecchino was an Italian, and that Arlequinis a Frenchman, and that Harlequin is an Englishman? And don't youthink it is rather amusing, and perhaps much more than that, to thinkof old Arlecchino the Italian of the old town of Bergamo visiting othercities of Italy, but under no circumstances crossing the Alps ? &amp;ChampfleuryJG? What is the use of this limitation to any onetown ? You seem to agree with the old vaudevillist that pantomime hasa particular geography, just as you shall be pleased to invent for it.G. C. jG? Wait. I was not speaking about pantomime for pantomimeis universal. I was speaking about what you are speaking about; that isto say, certain types, certain masks, which belong to the Commedia del- 1'Arte. You mentioned Pierrot, Columbine and Harlequin, and I answeredyou about Harlequin, and 1 led Harlequin back to himself, ....to Arlec- chino ; and taking him there, I also took him back to Bergamo. But now;with a disregard for that logic for which your whole nation is so famous,you switch off from one pantomlmlst, from one Mask, from Arlecchino,and connect up with all the wires of the realm of pantomime. 1 thinkthat Arlecchino distinctly has a land of his own, and that is, as I havesaid, Italy, and his particular place is Bergamo. JG?£? Champfleury JG&gt; Very well. Let us confine ourselves to the types,to the masks themselves, and then let me assure you that the countryof Pierrot is no actual country. &amp;j&amp; G. C. Oh you wonderful acrobat,..,, how unfair you are to me 1You juggle with Pierrot now that 1 have disposed of Arlecchino; Pierrot,who is essentially a Frenchman, and with whom you have a right to doas you like. You offer him up on the altar of nature In hopes of propi- tiating the gods. He is the creation of the poetic spirit, he has no land,according to you. But you know perfectly well that he is of Paris, heis essentially Parisian ; and as 1 am not an Italian, you won't mind if Itell you that I think him a trivial sort of person by the side of the othergreat figures of the Comedy. A sentimental insignificant sort of person.Champfleury JG/ But I repeat, Pierrot has no country, and I will tell you why. The scenery at Les Punambules.... &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; G. C. Les Punambules ? But what the Dickens has Les Punambulesto do with it ? You almost suggest that Les Punambules Is Pierrot's owncountry, and that Pierrot's special town is one particular theatre.&amp; Champfleury &amp; One moment, let me explain! The country ofPierrot, the real Pierrot, Punambules or no Punambules, Is not a realcountry. The actual scenery in the theatre is too full of illusion. Myforests there are too like forests ; my houses too like real houses. Allthe scenery is so bourgeois that the Theatre de I'Odeon might not someday be sorry to buy it all up. Why, there are little yellow rooms whichwould do well for the works of M. Oalioppe d'Onquaire, and one of thedramas at the Ambigu would go well in Pierrot's Forest Scene at theFunambules, and the hut of Cassandre would suit one of Bouffe's per- formances like a glove. The Theatre of the Punambules is very illogical.Be false, be false, from one end to the other, and you will be true. Q. C. Acrobat! You may be true to yourself there, but not tonature. You will be true to your deception, for you are deceived aboutpantomime in general, as well as Pierrot. I have been in a countrytheatre myself, and Hamlet and Othello have walked on to a stage thatwas decorated to look rather like a modern lodging house front room.But it was because we were obliged to put up with such a scene, notbecause we chose it. Although I can tolerate Hamlet and Othello, thechildren of the poetic fancy, in any surroundings, 1 can not say that theyare well placed in every chance place. In the same way I could also to- lerate Arlecchino under such conditions, but it is quite another thing tosay that he has no country and is best placed everywhere.&amp; As well might you say that a butterfly has no special surroundings.You will find this natural Arlecchino, this butterfly, is surrounded bycertain special flowers, and certain special seasons, certain special lights.You very seldom find him in a cow-house, but you will certainly findhim in the garden. You will not find him flying in Waterloo Place orthe Rue de la Palx. But there is no doubt about it you will find him inthe Bois de Boulogne; and yet he doesn't suit the Bois de Boulogne sowell as he will suit some old garden of some old French chateau or someEnglish farm-house. &amp; It seems to me quite wrong to say that living things have not theirdefinite habitation, their distinct background, their particular environ- ment. The briar rose is not that of England, particularly England ?The palm tree,... Js not that of Egypt? Particularly Egypt? And as forpeople, take an English type, (not quite Harlequin but as good a type}...the coster, and put him in any surroundings, something fantastic; forexample, a room covered with pearleys, and painted the colour of hisdonkey's skin ; it is perhaps pretty, but wrong for the coster, for hebelongs to London more than to his donkey, more than to his pearleys.Champfleury But that is realism, whereas realism doesn't oc- cupy a thumb's breadth on a canvass by Watteau. His trees are the sameas his people, his sky has been painted to make these trees grow. Howcan you expect my soul not to be troubled when I see Arlequin in a realhouse? There should be spangles on the wall, and Polichlnelle's apart- ment must be full of humps and the pretty little attic that I shall buildfor Columbine must be coquettish, with flowers, a charming bed, etc :There is alwavs an intimate co-relation between the individual and hisfurniture.&amp; G. C. All that is just what I was saying# Champfleury Yes, but my personages are fantastic. All that isof theni becomes fantastic. If in real life the individual moulds himselfupon nature, in pantomime nature moulds itself upon the individual.G. C. You would be perfectly right if these personages were tobegin with.... may I say it?... your personages, and if they were fan=tastlc; but they are not your personages, they are the personages ofVenice and Bergamo and of Naples, and only Pierrot and Columbinebelong to you. Do with these what you will; make them if you likefantastic, artificial, but do not destroy the force of these greater olderfellows whose land is Italy, and who out of Italy become Insipid andtherefore a bore. &amp;I see no objection to having spangles on the wai! for a man whodresses in spangles, and who thinks in spangles, and who talks in aspangle dway. But who puts spangles on Arlecchino ? You in Paris did itand we did it in England. The Italians never did it. The Italians couldnever do so silly a thing. We, so poor in imagination, so rich in spangles, did this damnable deed ourselves. We are both to blame, so we needhave no disagreement, but let us own up to the wretched business andnot attempt by illogical logic to smooth the matter out. &amp; And supposing Pulcinello has a hump. Lots of the other " Gobbos "in Italy were the same. Many personages in the Commedia dell'Arte hadhumps, just as many of them had long noses. Then what would be pe- culiar in Pulcinello's having humps all over the room 'i&amp; To begin with, it is distracting, and helps to explain nothing, helpsus to feel nothing, merely prevents us from feeling the emotion whichthe entrance of Pulcinello will create when he comes on the scene. Howcan it really trouble your soul.... your soul, my good soul,... when yousee Harlequin in a real house ?... real stage house you mean, for neither1 nor you ever yet saw a real house on the stage and you never sawHarlequin anywhere except in a stage house. &amp; &amp; &amp;If you are talking about reality, then set him in the open air, thatis where Arlecchino lived in Italy,... at the corner of some street, againstsome palace; he leaned there In the sun, and delivered his monologues.Does that reality offend you ? That is the real reality. Why speak aboutWatteau, telling me that Watteau is not concerned with reality and thathis trees are of the same family as his figures 'r&amp; You are wrong to try and convince yourself of a falsity by bringingin these Frenchmen, great artists though they may be, to prove some- thing about the Italians. Watteau never understood what Arlecchino was ;he never even understood your French Arlequin, and he invented anotherbeing altogether, just as we later on invented Harlequin. Champfleury &amp; Well, we French are undoubtedly anti-nature, butwith it all we are amusing, gay, nimble and subtle; we hardly worryourselves about entrances or exits ; some one cuts off Pulcinello's legin the first tableau, In the second tableau he dances better than everand one has not even heard a whisper of the doctor.Q. C. &amp; I agree with you, my dear Champfleury. You are anti-na- ture, as you say, and delightful, but 1 think you do wrong to cause whatife really natural, that is to say what is really beautiful, to be merelyamusing, gay and subtle. And why should it only be a light jest to cutoff Pulcinello's leg in a First Tableau and then to see him dancing better than ever in a second ? Why should not that be something witha little more passion In it? Why should your French shrug of theshoulders try to take the place of all the great Italian gestures ? In bothlands it is the same shrug, but what a vast difference in the meaning!How differently we all feel about it! The Italian shrug exhibits heroicstrength in face of disaster. You, you Frenchman, put your finger toyour nose when you shrug your shoulders in the face of disaster.It Is a contempt for disaster that possesses you. The Italian links hisarm with the great figure of Fate, and in gay and earnest conversationwith him strolls down the Lung'Arno,... and is found later floating a longway out of the town in the rushes, his face in a mask. &amp; &amp;&amp; ....Well, we have talked enough,... we who should never talk, whoshould make a gesture or two and listen to the learned.... Shall we godown to the river and watch things move ? It was nice to have meteach other, and defied the years, the grave, and the coffee at the Procope. LIVERPOOL PUPPETRY by Ernest Marriott Hp he Sandon Studios Club is a rather unique institution. I do not supposethere is anything quite like it in any other big town in England, forone does not expect every large commercial city to foster unusual andsecret virtues.If you ask the ordinary Liverpool man what the Sandon Studios Clubrepresents, he will be unable to tell you. Probably he has never heardof it. He might perhaps know of the existence of the old Biuecoat Schooland he may actually have seen its ancient facade of warm mellow brick.But it is the odds of a bale of cotton to a wooden shuttle that he doesnot know that this quaint old building is the lair and stronghold of themost quick and aiive people in ail the port of Liverpool,... the membersof the Sandon Studios Club.&amp; This club casts a wide net and its haul includes everything from PostImpressionist Exhibitions in the new style, to Marionette performancesin the old style. It encourages all sorts of artistic enterprise, and seems tohave no prejudices and plenty of predispositions of the right sort. Promthe point of view of The Mask " perhaps the happiest sign of the Club'sactivities was the puppet-play (of which there Is an account elsewhere inthis journal) organised and carried out by certain of its members, for itwrought exceedingly well when it endeavoured to establish a dwellingplace in the cold north for The Marionette, who was born in the East somany centuries ago... who has lived and still iives as vigorous and knowingas ever in countries more favoured by the sun.Apparently Miss Dora Nussey is to be thanked in the first instance,for it was after seeing a performance by her in London that Miss MargaretBulley conceived the idea of inaugurating a " true proper and authentic"presentation to the public of Liverpool of His Highness Prince Puppet.There was a distinguished gathering at his baptism, and two of the mem- bers, Professor Elton, and Mr Arthur Watts, read learned disquisitionsupon his attributes and lineage.&amp; Miss Bulley and her sisters designed the puppets' dresses, and MrsPat Abercrombie helped to make them. Some of the dresses were copiedfrom old German engravings. Helen of Troy, for instance, was dressedin satin and pearls, as would have been the case in a seventeenth cen- tury production. &amp; &amp; &amp; There were three performances of the play, the first being givenprivately to Club members, and the second and third to the public, inthe afternoon and evening. JZ?All honour to the enthusiasts who gave their loyal support in helpingto make the performance a success. For the benefit of those who sub- sequently will collect matter for the history of Liverpool, here is put onrecord the names of those associated with this most excellent andpraise worthy endeavour. JZ? JZ? Mr J. Brockie made the puppets, the stage furniture, and the stage.&amp; Miss Winifred Philips painted the scenery and the drop curtain, and&amp; Mrs Primston painted the faces of the puppets. &amp; It Is unnecessary to go into details of the troubles incurred by theworkers in " getting up " the production, as no good work of this sortcan be done without taking great pains and experiencing tribulation anddoubt. The effort, whether successful or not, is worth making, and thereward is that the effort is brought to an issue. &amp;It is a laudable aim of the members of the Sandon Studios Club pe- riodically to surprise the city with something fresh and vital In the wayof Exhibitions. Nevertheless, it Is to be hoped that they will not scornto repeat themselves now and again, and that the production of Paustwill not be The Marionette's first and last appearance.... the sole andonly avatar of the Little God in Liverpool. List ofCharacters, Readers &amp; Workers.Puppet.Reader.Worker.Faust.Mr Lascelles Abercrombie(First Performance)Mr Hickinbottom,(second &amp; third performances)Miss M. Bulley.Mephistopheles.Mr Arthur Watts.Miss E. Bulley.Caspar.#Mr K. Forbes.Miss L. Bulley.Wagner.Qretel.Mr Patrick Abercrombie.Mr Patrick Abercrombie.Mr H. Wood.(1st performance.)Miss H. Lindsay.(and &amp; 3rd perfor-mances.)Miss M. Bulley.Helen of Troy.Miss L. Bulley.The Angel.The Dragon.Six Devils.The Raven.Read and worked by thosewho were free at the mo-ment required. THE PRODUCTIONOF A PUPPET PLAY, by M. H. Bulley. A" who have had practical experience of puppet plays will sympathizewith the rash and dauntless folk who attempt to produce one. Thereis no accounting for the strange and inexplicable gyrations to which eventhe most severely trained puppet will suddenly succumb.* JS?This we found out to our cost after we had cheerfully offered a per- formance to the members and friends of that popular Liverpool Club, theSandon Studios Society, (i) However, having pledged ourselves, therewas no escape from the difficulties that lay before us, and every morningsaw us hard at work exercising Or. Faustus, Mephistopheles, Helen ofTroy, six red devils, a dragon, a guardian angel and various otherequally important personages. The play we had chosen was " The Pro- digious and Lamentable History of Dr. Johannes Faust", which had beentranslated from the German by Miss Dora Nussey and produced by herin London. She most kindly lent us her text, and furnished us with apuppet as a model. £? JZ? JZ?This puppet had been bought from a Russian in London, but on en- quiry we found that he had recently made a night flitting, leaving onlydebts behind him. Countless enquiries then followed, but no shop wouldcopy the delicately balanced- mechanism of the puppet for less thanthirty shillings and even then without clothes or modelled face. At last, however, we were fortunate in discovering one of those clevercraftsmen whose fingers seem equal to any task, and we were shortlythe proud possessors of six puppets with moulded papier - mache heads,hands and feet, hollow wooden bodies, and arms and legs made of tin,wood and wire at the cost of seven shillings each, (diagram A.)The feet were weighted with lead...an absolute necessity...and flaxenhair adorned their respective heads. When their faces had been skillfullypainted and they were dressed in German costume of the XVI 1th century,we then threaded them. •£? •£? JZ? Each puppet had seven strings made of black linen thread. Two werefastened to the chest...well to each side...; one to the middle of the backand two rather longer ones to the arms. These strings...about 3 feet long each...were attached to a small pieceof wood to be held in one hand. To a second piece of wood were faste- ned the two leg-strings, attached Just above the puppet's knee Joints, andthese were worked by the other band. A hook and a string on eachrespective piece of wood enabled the two to be fastened together whenthe legs were not In motion, and a hand was needed for working thearms. (With these puppets arms and legs cannot be worked simultaneouslyas one hand Is always needed to keep the doll in position). &amp;&amp; The six evil spirits that the play required were made out of blackcomposition nigger dolls, deprived of their fur trimming, painted scarletwith red sealing-wax horns and beards, and black wool fails. They werefastened "to a curved piece of wood In the shape of a bow and could beworked together by one person. A dragon that had to put in an appearancewas home-made and was as imposing as the *' Wurm " at Bayreuth:the guardian angel had once graced a Christmas tree. &amp;&amp; The stage and Its framework were constructed somewhat on the modelof a Punch and Judy show but on a larger scale. It stood a good heightfrom the ground in order that no obstruction hid the puppets from theaudience. The back cloths forming the scenery for the two acts werestretched on a wooden frame fastened to the stage from below. Thewings were painted on canvas fastened on two sides of a triangularwooden framework and in this way stood by themselves, and only re- quired turning for the change of scene. This arrangement of the backcloth left every available space free for the working of the puppetsfrom above, and their exits and entrances from either side (diagramsB &amp; C).To the right and left of the stage in easy reach were placed smallbrass rods on which to hang the puppets when not in use. These provedinvaluable, as puppet strings are apt to become entangled on the slightestprovocation in which case a performance would be brought to an abruptclose. The lighting was very simple; an electric light was attached to thefront of each wing just behind the drop curtain, and in this way the strings were practically invisible against the dark backgrounds.As the date of the performance drew near, rehearsals began in grimearnest. Weeks had been given to practising with the dolls, and slowlytheir reeling staggers were replaced by a more natural, if a somewhatwaddling, type of walk. Now both readers and-workers met together andthe puppets began to follow their lines, suiting their actions to thewords, which were read from the wings, where a full view of the stagecould be obtained in case any unforeseen contretemps should arise.The story of Faust lends itself admirably to a puppet production,which can hardly be successful unless it contains a fairylike or super- natural element. The opening scene shows the learned doctor sitting inhis study deep in the science of magic. The voices of heaven and hellplead with him but the former are repulsed by Faust, whose is answered by six evil spirits. He refuses their services in favour ofthose of Mephistopheles who produces a bond. Faust signs it and departswith his tempter in search of youth and joy. Amusing scenes then takeplace between Wagner, Faust's pupil and servant, and Caspar, a countrybumpkin, recently taken into the service of the house. The latter findsout the magic word that summons the spirits and to his amazement issurrounded by them. A most entertaining scene follows where, sittingon a table and swinging his legs, he proceeds to make friends withthem, and eventually goes off in their company borne on the back of alarge dragon. The second act shows Faust after an interval of twelveyears. His time of pleasures is over and eternal torments await him. Inhis despair he Is moved to repentance, but is again tempted by Mephis- topheles who reveals to him the vision of Helen of Troy. His fate closesin upon him. The hour strikes and he is borne by the devils to his ine.vltable doom.These are the outlines of the play that at last reached its finalrehearsal and was now as ready as we could make it for its productioni n public.The night arrived, and in the long darkened room, curtained off atone end, a goodly audience faced a little drop curtain on which waspainted the figure of Faust being rapidly whirled to his fate by somevery beautiful black and red devils. The assembled company included artists, learned professors, archeologists, a Lord Mayor in mufti, theChairman of a Repertory theatre* a controller of education, and manymore of the wise and great.A Professor of Literature read a short account of the history of puppetplays; and behind the curtain the little group of workers waited Insilence. The puppet workers were positively gibbering with fright.,We knewthe difficulties of our calling and remembered with painful clearness howbooks say it is the work of a lifetime to master it successfully. We triedto cheer ourselves by thoughts of the ancient Greeks and Romans who,as we heard through the curtain, were much addicted to puppet plays,and who, no doubt, never turned a hair in producing them. We remem- bered too how we had invaded a puppet theatre In Palermo, and how theaudience had been most appreciative and had chewed melon seeds inces- santly and thrown the remains on the floor. But then our audience wasnot the kind that chews melon seeds and nothing would have inducedthem to throw the remains about. There was small consolation there.The professor's dissertation drew to a close. The readers grouped them- selves standing on either side of the stage (which was about on a levelwith their eyes) and the workers of Faust and the angel clambered upto their perilous position on high. Then the bell rang and the play began.It was a curious scene behind the curtains ; so much so that a Sladestudent had secreted herself in a corner and was rapidly making a sketchof it. The rough structure of the stage was half in [light, half in deepshadow. The workers, In blue painting pinafores, hung [over the backscene, perched precariously on a form lashed to a kitchen table. Thereaders, warming to their work, stood in their shirt sleeves, and allunconsciously swayed and gesticulated as they read. There were someagonising moments to be lived through ; for example, when the ravenflew down with the bond. This was fastened round its neck by a loop ofblack cotton, and had to be deposited on the table for Faust to sign. Ateach of the last rehearsals the bird had made a bad shot, and the paperhad fluttered to the floor Imagine the tension behind the scenewhen the flight commenced 1 every eye was rivetted on the bird, and anaudible gasp of relief, and the dancing of a silent breakdown, heraldedit's successful flight. The carrying away of the bond was an easy matter, for the raven returned to fetch it with a large and sticky bead of sec- cotine upon its inky bosom.Of course the audience was unaware of the anxiety behind the curtain.It was as sympathetic and interested as could be, and followed eachscene with rounds of applause. As Caspar's part was originally writtenin German dialect, it was now read in broad Lancashire, and his reallyamusing antics were received with continual laughter. The lighting wasso successful that the threads were almost invisible, and the action ofthe puppets, exactly following the words, made the illusion complete.Towards the end of the play it was astonishing to see how the tra- gedy gripped the audience. There was dead silence in the room when\the clock was heard striking eleven and Paust was left alone in themoonlight, listening in misery and despair to the voices, intoning inLatin and Gregorian cadences the eternal damnation that awaited him.The truly comic apparition of Helen of Troy which came at this pointwas a welcome relief. Then the pall of gloom again enveloped the scene.The clock struck twelve. Suddenly all was plunged in darkness and witha flare of green and crimson light, Paust, attended by the devils, wasswept out of sight. A quick curtain and the unmistakable smell of Bengallights were followed by a short scene where Caspar as night watchmanand his wife Gretel danced a breakdown together and bid the audiencegood night. (j) A Note about this Society will be found oa page. 234. J. S. A HISTORY OF PUPPETS PUPPETS IN ITALY. by " Yorick ". n this chapter we begin to narrate, always, be itunderstood, in the most concise and abbreviated formpossible... the vicissitudes of the puppets in modern times;and more especially those of the ** fantoccini " destinedfor public performances; those gathered together, so tospeak, in dramatic companies, under the direction of animpresario, who manages on his own account a smalltheatre, a booth, a " casteilo ", or, to use the vocabularyof the profession, an ** edifizio in which he carriesout, with his little figures, a course of dramatic, and sometimes also melodramatic, performances, which have a character oftheir own, a pbysionomy peculiar to themselves; which delight in aspecial literature, which exert a most remarkable influence over a partof the public, and which in many directions ally themselves to the ge- neral history of the dramatic art in Italy and abroad. &amp; &amp;We run no risk in carrying out these researches of wasting our timein a tedious and monotonous study, nor of squandering our energy inreading a cock-and-bull story of insignificant, and at times painful,or vulgar or stupid, episodes such as might be found in the tale of theold strolling players. Not at all! the theatrical puppets are sober people,solid, tranquil folk, content with [their position and attached to] thetheatre by many ties. Among them there are no rivalries, no tempersnor| jealousies nor theatrical conventions, and they dwell in love andharmony, like so many branches of one trunk, upon that stage where:Les acteurs sont de niveau, (i)Aucun d'eux ne s'en fait accroire tLes males au porte-manteau, Fit les femelles dans 1'armoire. Isabelle, sous les verrous,Laisse Colombine tranquille;Et Polichinelle a son clouNe cabale pas contre Qllle. &amp; Thus, two centuries ago, a vaudeville by an anonymous author cele- brated the virtues of the Italian puppets domiciled at Paris; and it didso doubtless with the honest Intention of censuring, by implication, thevices and grievous habits of the actors of that time, who were then,....as, generally speaking, they are today,... disorderly, light-minded, alwaysquarrelsome and at discord among themselves, jealous of the applauselavished on their companions, and wild to acquire for themselves bymeans of every artifice a celebrity as ephemeral as it is false. &amp;&amp; Before, however, proceeding with the story which I have undertakento narrate, it is necessary that I should give a short explanation. Pro- priety in language has always seemed to me a most desirable thing inevery kind of writing and I therefore feel myself bound to explain whatis the precise meaning of the different names which I have at times toapply to the " heroes " of my historical tale.&amp; In Tuscany we call "fantocci" all the little figures fashioned like thehuman body, (of whatever material they may be composed and to what- ever use they may be destined) so long as they be executed with a cer- tain rough imitation and without too much attention to elegance. Thusamong us, one uses the expression " pittor da fantocci " for a worthlessartist, unworthy to rise to the representation of truth ; and Lorenzo Lippiin the first canto of the "Malmantile riacquistato", wishing to imply theartistic value of his three scholars, veiled under the anagramatical namesof Fra Ciro Serbatondi, Egeno dei Brodetti and Sardonello, sings of them :Di foglio per impresa un bel cartone (i)Insieme colla pasta egli hanno messo Dei lor fantocci, i quali da PerloneSoglion copiare o disegnar dal gesso.&amp; With the diminutive, then, of this generical title, changed to " fan- toccini ", we indicate those " fantocci " destined for the amusement ofthe common people and described by Girolamo Cardano in his treatise" De varietate rerum published at Nuremburg in 1550. " I have seen"says he, " two Sicilians who worked wonders by means of two little fi- gures threaded through the breast by one single string which traversedboth of them. The string was fastened at one end to a heavy block ofwood and at the other tied to the leg of the showman, who, makingcertain movements with his knee, caused the little figures to dance".£? Of this particular species we also find testimony in that treasure ofour language,.... the mock heroic poem of Lorenzo Lippi, where he de- scribes the becoming greetings offered by Baldone to the beautifulCelidora :S'ell'd, dic'ei, cos), noi siam cugini :E subito si fan cento accoglienze ;Ed ella a lui ne rende mille inchini,Egli altrettante a lei fa riverenze.Cosi fan no talor due fantocciniAl suon di cornamusa per Firenze ;Che i'uno incontro a I'altro andar si vede,Mosso da un fil che tien chi suona al piede. (1)As for the word "burattini", we use it to indicate those little figureswhich are intended for stage plays, and which are composed of a headand two hands, without body, and held together by a kind of large cloak,within which is hidden the hand of the " burattinaio " who makes them act from beneath, L'andar !1 glorno in piazza a' burattiniAd agli Zanni furon le lor gite ..... (1) one reads in the 44 Malmantile riacqulstato " ; and the poetic descriptionof the " castello dei burattini " is also found to the life in GiuseppeBerneri's " Meo Patacca " illustrated by Plnelli, exactly as it is seen inthe celebrated Fair pictures by Callot. &amp; us? u£&gt; £/&amp; The etymology of this curious word is certainly of the simplest andmost natural description, nor, for its discovery, is it necessary to rackone's brains nor to run through the lexicons of the dead languages. Theloose gown, which was at first used to clothe the 44 figurine " of the" castello ",... or rather to hold together and render more manageabletheir principal pieces,... was made of a certain native woollen stuff,somewhat coarse but durable, rather loosely woven and dyed in brightcolours, to which, in our provinces, was given the name of 44 buratto "perhaps owing to its resemblance to the weave of the made for theframes used in sifting flour. (2) 44 Buratto " was chosen for this use be=cause it is stuff which costs little, is showy, slow in wearing out, doesnot crease, rarely fades and does not mould or rot with the damp.The puppets dressed in 44 buratto " were soon christened "burattini",as might be expected. £/£/ In our days the 44 buratto ", too humble to serve any longer in thecostuming of the grand ballets and pantomimes, has remained moreespecially in use in the sea ports for the making of flags and signals forVessels. £/The 44 burattini " were then also called 44 magatelli ", or 44 fraccur- radi ": the first form in allusion to the magic art which caused themto work so many wonders, and the second referring to the likeness whichexisted between the movements of the head of such puppets and thoseperformed by a green bean pod, cut slanting-wise at one extremity and set in motion by the string of the suture which was slit all along itslength. This child's plaything is called " fraccurrado " in some parts ofTuscany, and " frate baseo" elsewhere. &amp; &amp; &amp;" Pupi " and " Pupazzi " were the names given to the burattini inthe provinces of Rome and Naples, these being derived from the ancientLatin vocabulary. jS? jz?&amp; There remains the word "Marionette " destined to designate the littlearticulated figures (or " mastitiettate " as Paolo Minucci calls them),which are supported by a wire from the top of the head and made tomove by means of strings. And in regard to these Marionettes 1 havehad this very day a real vexation. Seeking in the " Nuova Enciclopediapopolare italiana" for some information in reference to this wordwhich should be of service to me I ran straight into this abominablestatement: " Marionette: In Italy they are called burattini, fantoccl," fantoccini; and the word Marionette is an ugly Gallicism derived from" a certain Marion, a charletan, who first introduced them into Prance" under Charles IX".jZ? Powers of heaven and earth I how is it possible to cram into so fewlines such an amazing number of blunders! The marionettes were notintroduced into Prance under Charles IX:.... a charletan (ciurmatore) isnot a burattinaio; ....the name of Marion has never belonged to a manbut always to a woman, as a caressing form of Marie; ....and finally,Marionette is not by any means a Gallicism, but an Italian word like" me " and ** vol ", with a clear etymology backed by documents whichit is a read delight to read. It is a word in common use, and if it is notin the dictionaries, ...J mean to say in that of the old bachelors of theCrusca, for it is not lacking in the excellent dictionary of Fanfani) ....somuch the worse for the dictionaries; and let those whose business it Isto put it in, put it. jz?Open the book of Giustina Renier Michel, " Origine delle feste vene- ziane " (Milan, 1829) and read what is written about the famous " festadelle Marie ", the festival of the Maries, to which I already referred inthe preceding chapter, and with which it was customary in Venice, fromthe tenth century onwards, to commemorate, by the celebration eachyear of a sumptuous ceremony, the rape of twelve affianced maidens which was accomplished by Saracen pirates. set*£? I beg you to recall to mind what I wrote a few pages back about thevery singular ceremonies of this solemn commemoration and compare itwith that which Qiustina Renier Michel says about it in her book. (1)For eight days twelve young girls, richly dressed and covered withgold and jewels, were led in procession about the city. The choice ofthese girls was a munus publicum of the Doge; but, as time went on,this custom giving rise to endless quarrels in the state, there arose theusage of substituting for the women an equal number of sculptured fi- gures, elaborately decked out and called by the people the "Marie dilegno ",.... the " wooden Maries; or the " Marione ", the " big Maries,"to indicate that they were larger than life-size. In the week of the" Marione " the Venetian toy-venders offered for sale certain small re- productions of the large figures which sold in thousands; and these,being diminutives -of the " Marione " or " big Maries " were called "Ma- rionette " or " little Maries ". The whole thing is as clear and simple asfresh water and befell in Venice and not in Japan, and all took place amere bagatelle of five hundred and fifty years before the birth of thatrascal, king Charles IXI ask pardon of my courteous readers for this long but indispensablephilological disgres'sion and return straightway to the marionettes of thetheatre and to the story of the burattini in Italy.And this I could not embark upon at once and follow out swiftlyand clearly did I not commence, as though to attack the subject withthe greater vigour, from a more distant and higher point, in a contrarydirection, going over, in the narrower field of our own peninsular, aportion of that ground which we have already covered, treating the ar- gument under a more comprehensive and more general aspect. The use, or rather, the abuse, of introducing burattini into the ec- clesiastical ceremonies and of making the marionettes perform in thevery interior of the temple on the occasion of the most stately andsolemn church services was almost universal in Italy in the first cen- turies of the middle ages ; so much so that a Pope, addressing his wordsto the venerable prelates from the height of St Peter's Chair, deemed Itnecessary to stir up their zeal toward the repression of a custom soprejudicial to the decorum and dignity of the holy places:" Interdum ludi fiunt in ecclesiis theatrales; et non solum ad ludi- 44 briorum spectacula introducuntur In eis monstra larvarum ; verum44 etiam in aiiquibus festivitatibus Diaconi, Praesbyterl et Subdiaconi44 insaniae suae ludibria exercere praesumunt " said Innocent III. (i)Pope Innocent pronounced these words in the yeur 1210, but it doesnot seem that they bore much fruit, for in the special records thereabound evidences of the stubborn and mulish obstinacy with which Italianpriests and friars, monks, abbesses, religious bodies, devout congregationsand confraternities multiplied the puppet performances in the churches ;whether innocently, out of desire to stir the devotion and contrition ofsinners by these performances, or in frivolous rivalry of magnificencebetween church and church, or through the base calculations of greed,each one striving to draw, by means of such pastimes, a greater numberof spectators and a more abundant flow of alms Into the treasury ofthe &amp; jg?jg?In those days, in the resounding naves, and beneath the cupolas veiledin kindly obscurity, one saw set up on high the 44 castello " of the &lt;4bu- rattinaio ", shaped and adorned in the style of a chapel or a tabernacle,in which were gathered large articulated figures of Jesus, of Mary, ofSt Joseph, of the Magi Kings, of Herod, of Rachel weeping for the deathof her children, and of all the saints of Paradise, gesticulating in variousattitudes according to the particular events of their lives or of theirmartyrdoms. &amp;£? We may believe that such puppets remained mute for some time and did not execute any other movements than those indispensable for theproduction of a slight illusion of truth in the mind of the on-lookers orfor the establishment of a stronger faith in miracles, on account ofwhich in later days certain images of Christ and the Madonna were heldcelebrated. But the words with which, in 1439, the Council assembled totreat of matters of ecclesiastical discipline reproved anew the inveteratecustom, would lead us the rather to suppose that little by little thepuppets of the churches carried their boldness to the pitch of makingtheir voices resound through the ample vaults of the holy fanes and ofperpetrating some audacious attempts at scenic representation. In factthe Fathers gathered at the Council note that: "tarn in metropolitanis,44 quam in cathedralis et aliis ecclesiis, consuetudo inolevit ut dum" divina aguntur, LUDI THEATRALES. LARVAE, monstra.... spectacula44 introducuntur ". (1) uz?Here, evidently, reference is made to a complete scenic play, with itsmasks, its allegorical personages, and its machinery, such as were usedin the primitive farces, pantomimes and dances.jg? Sant'Antonino, bishop of Florence, refers also at that same time tothe performances and spectacles which were got up in special style bythe clerics in the Florentine churches, so that it is impossible to imaginethat the whole evil reduced itself to a simple display of articulated, butmotionless and silent, figures, or, as we say today, 44 plastic picturesThere was the spectacle, there was the movement, there was the word,there were all the elements from the union of which results the theatricalplay in the special and restricted meaning of the word. &amp;Naturally one understands that the subject, the story, the argumentof these performances were drawn from the pages of holy books or fromthe legends of the holy Martyrs; one recognises perfectly that the cho=ruses, the monologues and the dialogues of these productions in dramaticform were nothing else than the reproduction of Bible texts, of fragments of the Gospels, of the solemn canticles, antiphons, and responses mostfrequently interposed in the liturgical ceremonies, and were almostalways given in the Latin tongue. The theatrical performance was, infact, one of those " Sacre rappresentazioni " (i) about which my friendAlessandro D'Ancona has written and published so many learned volumesfrom which, with long study and much affection, 1 glean and epitomizethe information most interesting for my thesis.But it is none the less true that, even at that remote period, thereligious puppets of Italy began to assume the physionomy and the man- ners of the puppets of the theatre, and it is not less certain that inItaly, much earlier and much better than elsewhere, the " Sacra Rap- presentazione " assumed the colour and flavour of drama through themarionettes.When his Holiness had emptied his sack of anathemas, and the Bi- shops had exhausted their stock of reproofs without the puppets havinggiven any indication of resipiscence or any sign of bending,.... or ratherof folding up,., beneath the thunderbolts of the Authorities, there suc- ceeded to the violence of the struggle a long period of calm and tole- rance, during which the Marionettes did pretty much as they liked inthe churches, the cloisters, the squares surrounding the cathedrals, thecemetaries, and the refectories,.... in all the places, in fact, where thewanderers and pilgrims assembled in greatest numbers. And the first effect of such tolerance and of this more unrestrained# \liberty was, in my modest and humble opinion, the association of thePuppets in the great performances given, in church and out, by thereal living actors of the new liturgical JZ?&amp; Reading the descriptions of the scenes in which the most complicatedprogramme of those sacred plays had to spread, unfold and develop, re- quiring as they did, an enormous space, cut up into twenty or thirtydistinct compartments, divided off by partitions and communicating onewith another by meanS of doors and passages, and rendering necessary the intervention of heavy machinery and scaffolding, and of cranes,wheels, and counterpoises to raise and lower so many people, to causethe appearance and disappearance of so many monsters, to produce somany and such varied wonders, there naturally comes into one's mindthe calculation of the proportion between the dimensions of the churchor square and that of a stage upon which five or six hundred people hadto move continually and frequently pass from one compartment toanother, and ascend In troops to the higher tiers. Permit me to insert at this point a somewhat lengthy extract fromthe book of Alessandro D'Ancona, taken from chapter XXVII, in whichhe discusses the scenic setting of the Sacra Rappresentazione. " As to the scenic setting of the Ancient Religious Theatre there are" diversities of opinion among the learned. The Brothers Parfaict, In" fact, hold that the scene of the Mystery was a large edifice or scaf- " folding, at the top of which was the Paradiso, in the lowest and sub- 44 terranean part the Inferno, and between these were raised as manystories as there were principal regions in which the action of the44 play took place; each of these stories being subdivided into compart- 44 ments according to the particular place in each region. To form an44 idea of this peculiar construction of the stage.... which one would say44 was imitated from bee-hives one should take as example a box44 divided into many little compartments and set up on its side, or else44 a house of which the principal outer walls had been demolished; or44 else the present day theatre, save that the actors occupied the galleries44 and boxes and the public the stage.44 A more careful examination has been made by the celebrated Paulin" Paris to expound a different opinion.... that the theatre extended for44 a length of about a hundred feet, rising exactly like the auditorium44 of the theatre of today. The front part of the stage concealed beneath44 it, in the form of a dreadful mouth which from time to time opened44 to afford passage to the devils, the infernal region, in which much44 noise was made ; flames and smoke also issued from it, and the demons44 precipitated therein the souls of the sinners and their bodies. -&lt;s&gt;44 Upon the platform took place the greater part of the action, and from44 thence the actors spoke when the subject did not detain them in 44 those compartments situated further back, which represented the" countries, cities, woods, seas, buildings, palaces, temples and rooms in44 which some episode of the drama took place, and from which they44 issued forth when it was their turn to speak, and whither they re- 44 turned when they had nothing else to do or to say and the action44 could proceed without jg? jg? J&amp;•£? 44 There the spectator saw them, each at his post, when the play began,44 and In a single glance knew the number of the regions, the quality44 of the personages, Ira short, the subject of the performance, being often44 assisted in this by the placards fastened upon each compartment and44 the explanations given verbally by the director of the performance," To go from one to' another of these 44 mansion! " the actors passedround behind, or across the space destined for the general stage.jg? 44 But higher than all the little houses, almost like a great gallery,44 richly decorated, rose at the back of the stage the Paradiso, which44 opened and closed as occasion required, like the infernal mouth, and'' wherein was enthroned the Triune God, seated upon a resplendent *4' throne, surrounded by the symbolical attributes of his divinity and by44 the choirs of Angels, his ministers and messengers, " &amp; Royer also, in his 44 Storia del Teatro ", is of the opinion that allthe compartments were not constructed one upon another but simplyone beside the other. &amp; jg? &amp; &amp;&gt; jg? &amp;And in this last judgement, which does not differ much from that ofPaulin Paris, the most learned Alessandro D'Ancona also concurs, (atleast in the main thesis,) asserting that this minute description of theFrench stages conforms perfectly with the Italian stages of that period.The worst of it is that this description is now shown to be, by morerecent and irrefutable documents, absolutely Inexact; and the 44 ma*quettes " of ancient theatrical scenery, reconstructed according tothe indications of the valuable manuscripts of the French Biblloth&amp;queNationale, and exhibited at the great Paris Exhibition in the year 1878,have convinced the most incredulous -that the compartments of thescenery adopted in the Mysteries were not seldom built one upon another;a fact which, after all, is not denied, except for special cases, by D'An- cona himself, who, in a foot-note to page 399, Vol. I. of ills work, cites as an example of scenery raised in stories that of the Mystery of theResurrection, where the ** maison du Cenacle doit estre dessoubg Pa«radis " because the tongues of fire had to descend from above.&amp; Now, how would it have been possible in a theatre, even of the mostvast proportions, to construct a scene with various stories and numerouscompartments, so solid and so strongly fitted together as to sustainwithout danger in the upper ceils and stories many persons, obliged tomove, to walk, to run all together upon that shaky foundation ? See, for example, how the Paradiso appeared in the Mystery of theIncarnation. " And first Paradise was opened, made in the guise of a" Throne, and a pavilion of gold all round, in the midst of which is God" in a decorated seat, and on his right Peace, and beneath her Mercy," on the left Justice and below her Truth, and all around nine orders" of angels the one above the other ■£? Even counting only ten angels for each order they make in ail the baga- telle of ninety-five persons roosting in a kind of cock-loft, beneath whichthe actors of the Mystery had to recite and move about, ....in great fearof seeing everything come down !1 therefore believe,... and believe that I am right... that many of thosepersonages gathered in the higher compartments, and especially thoseelevated up there as visions and having no part whatever In the action,were only figures of people, puppets constructed with much skill insome less heavy material, and grouped and arranged in such a way as toproduce the most perfect illusion.£?Apd I am strengthened in this opinion by the careful examinationof all the other parts of the Mystery, according to the witness of con- temporary chronicles and according to the most ingenious comments ofmy friend D'Ancona, JZ? jsIt may be right enough that, during the development of the SacredDrama the various exigencies of the action should require the real actorsto issue from their compartments to recite their parts in the spaziocomune,the common ground, and that it should then lead them toreenter, to remain almost quiescent, once their part was finished and theaction transported to another region. But it is not equally all right thata dense crowd of performers, necessarily allied with the events of the story, should remain for whole days, and sometimes for whole weeks,confined, motionless, mute, inert, in these narrow little boxes, untilthe termination of so long and so fatiguing a performance. -2? The inconveniences deducible from a similar hypothesis are so nu- merous, so serious and so obvious that 1 do not pause even for a momentto review them. And I think that all those soldiers, all those citizens,those scribes, those pharasees, those neophites, those little virgins werein part puppets artistically modelled and proportioned according to thelaws of theatrical prospective, those nearer larger, those further off smallerand all put together with suitable articulations to simulate a certainmovement, a certain activity which deceived the eye and furnished anagreabfe pastime and augmented the appearance of real life in thatvast and ample scene, whilst the principle characters moved and spokeon the stage.£/ I also believe,,., and I base my opinion on the descriptions cited ofmany sacred Italian plays,... that another class of large marionettes waslittle by little substituted for the real living actors; when they had eitherto rest or to be silent for a long time during scenic episodes in whichthey did not take part, or when, withdrawn into their cells, they had,without words, to simulate some action which was either painful or im*modest or dangerous or simply decorative. &amp;Thus in the Representation of Santa Uliva, while a combat is goingon upon the stage, a puppet, dressed and painted in likeness of the Saint," will give birth to a child in her houseand a little later anotherpuppet must certainly take the place of the principal figure when " withmerciful deception another woman that seemed to be Uliva is burnt witha child in her arms and thrown into the sea ". And the animals, the wild beasts, the giants which appear in theepisodes of the liturgical Drama must also have been often articulatedpuppets:... those lions which in the " Daniel " devoured the satraps of thetyrant, sparing the young man who was protected by the Lord ; thatterrible " dragon " of which St Michael the Archangel " cut off the head "with a blow of the sword ; those serpents which hissed from the openjaws of hell, and those devils that fell violently down, in precipitousconfusion, from the lofty summets of the mountain into the gloomy abyss of eternal perdition.JZ? Again, not infrequently a puppet was adopted to represent theomnipotent Creator, hovering upon the ciouds, or seated beneath thestarry vault of sky. In 44 Adam ",a sacred drama of the twelfth cen- tury, the programme of which was recently discovered, (Ordo rapresen- tacione Ade), the person of the Omnipotent is designated with the titleof 44 Figure of Qod the Father and often called simply the 44 Figure44 Cum fuerint (Adam and Eve) extra Paradisum, quasi tristes et con- 44 fusi, incurvati erunt solo tenus super talos suos; et Figura manu eos44 demostrans, versa facie contra Paradisum, Chorus inclplet; Ecce Adam44 quasi unus... quo flnito, et Figura regredietur ad ecclesiam (i)&amp;In a 44 New Inventory " of the goods owned in 1339 by the PerugianConfraternity of San Domenico was found the enumeration of the dressesand properties necessary for the performance of the 44 Spiritual Lauds "and of the 44 Liturgical Dramas ", and among these properties or acces- sories are also described 44 dole ladrone ", that is, the two thieves to seton either side of the Crucified Christ, which were without doubt of woodor wax, conveniently articulated to serve on the stage ; and also the44 palomba per lo Spirito Sancto ", the dove for the Holy Ghost, whichmust evidently have flown by means of strings and mechanism. JS?JS? In the April of I427, at the Court of Amedeo VIII, duke of Savoy, thesacred play of St George was performed with great magnificence; andfrom the account book of the treasurer Michele De Ferro it appears thatthere were purchased : five ulne of white iinen " pour une ydole toutentiere de trois pyes de long "; eleven measures of the same linen "pouries quatre martyes que Dacien faict decoler " ; three "pourune autre ydole ou se met une personne qui parle " ; four pounds of 44 blanc de puillie pour faire I'encarnacJon de ceulx qui seront ou sem- bleront 6tre nus, et pareillement pour les visages des tgtes et pour lescouronnes de Dleu, du Pape, etc" ; and finally "quatre peaux de rnouton...pour faire le corps de Saint-Georges tout du long pour sembler nu ; "besides the expenditure "pour la faczon du dit corps ". (1) &amp; Nor, with all deference to the many learned scholars who have fullydiscussed this subject, can 1 bring myself to believe that those charac- ters in the sacred plays which, in the presence of the audience, sub- mitted themselves to ill-treatments, to scourgings, to burnings, toamputations and to all the other tortures of martyrdom, were anythingbut puppets and marionettes, admirably constructed and painted to lookas if they were living beings. &amp; &amp;JSf We are not speaking, be it understood, of .the final execution, forwhich frequently the written programmes which have come down to uscontain precise indications and the clearest injunctions for the substitu- tion of a dummy for the real actor. In 44 Santa Cristina for instance,after the executioner has seized his victim and ordered her to lay herhead on the block the programme says that 44 one must exchange forthe counterfeit In 44 Santa Apollonia in a similar stage crisis, it iswritten, 44 a few women weep over Santa Apollonia, and one of themtakes her under her mantle, and another lays down a counterfeit whichresembles her,.... and the executioner cuts off its head ". sS &amp;&amp; But also in the minor pains inflicted, even if those be not to beconsidered as yet more cruel and unbearable,... the same thing must be said, in spite of the ardour of devotion and enthusiasm of faith whichsometimes led some one among the actors of these sacred Mysteries tosuffer some sharp blow and wound for the greater glory of God.&amp; When the executioner, having said to St Agatha with fierce eyes,44 Now stretch forward thy breast quickly " cuts off her breasts " witha knife ; when St Cristina is torn with sharp hooks and the hangman1 cuts off her breasts and tears out her tosigue"; when, in the case ofSt IppoIIto, the executioner " crushes his flesh even to the bone anddrags him to the scaffold by the rope when St Laurence Is beatenwith leaded balls when St Romolo Is dragged along 44 by the hairwhen St Rossore and his companions are 44 pinched with red hot pincers ",and a soldier 44 tears out the heart" of St Ignazio, reading thereon withgreat amazement 44 written for all the name of Jesus (i) and everythingis done upon the stage before the audience, i believe it is perrnissable toconclude that St Agatha, St Cristina, St Ippoiito, Si Laurence and theother glorious Martyrs and Confessors were stupendous puppets andmarionettes, substituted in that moment for the actors ; and thus, bysimulating human figures, arousing universal terror and emotion. The same thing, undoubtedly took place when the development ofthe sacred Drama rendered necessary the exhibition upon the stage ofabsolutely naked bodies, to be tormented or wounded or violated asthe case might be.St Dorothea and St Giuliana were tied naked to the column and44 torn with hooks St Barbara and St Margaret had their naked shoul- ders and brea$ts burned with lighted torches; the Child Jesus was cir- cumcised naked on the stage ; and the virgins of the Lord fell naked intothe clutches of the ferocious and lustful satellites of the pagan Emperors,on whom, ...we leave out the incentives to sensuality,... the same ano- tations of the stage directions imposed the obligation of pushing to theextreme limit the actions proper to ravishers and executioners. &amp; Certainly very often nude figures were tolerated on those stages*even to the point of letting it be written in the 44 Mystery of the Old Testament " Here it shall be legitimate to have some persons entirelynaked for penitents". But it is reasonable to suppose, ...as all the studentsof this subject, from the Brothers Parfaict to our own D' Ancona areagreed In supposing,... that in the greater number of cases large woodenpuppets were introduced upon the stage, wrapped in flesh coloured stuffand Sightly veiled, so as to produce the effect of life without putting totoo severe a test, I will not say the modesty, but the courage, of theactors,&amp; And upon this subject, and as a'more efficacious demonstration of thenecessity of adopting puppets in the Representation of the Sacred Dramasin Italy, let me be permitted to quote, in the words of Pittre (I) thedescription of a scenic spectacle celebrated at Mazara in I728, (the date,as you see, Is very near to our own and proves clearly the continuityand the constancy of the tradition) in honour of the holy martyrs Vito,Modesto and Crescenzio. &amp;&amp; 44 Few " writes Pittre, 44 are the abstract personages, very many the44 excutioners armed with various instruments. Four hundred martyrs44 cruelly tortured ; some disembowelled ; others thrown into a cauldron44 of boiling sulpher and lead, others lacerated with iron hooks and combs,44 others crushed with cudgels, others shot through with arrows or44 crucified, and torn in pieces by wild beasts, and bitten by vipers,44 and scourged till the blood ran, and their tongues torn out, and their44 fingers, hands and arms cut off; and wounded with hatchets, and run44 through with swords and knives, and excoriations and lacerations44 and decapitations of every kind".If there was not need of puppets for all this may I be lacerated andflayed like St Modesto himself!jg? Poor marionettes! And to think that not a single one of them Is tobe found In the martyrology!And it may be perhaps on account of this ingratitude that from thefirst half of the fifteenth century the Italian puppets, and especiallythose of Florence, on the occasion of the solemn festivities and the popular performances which it was usual to celebrate for the feast of St Johnthe Baptist, abandoned the churches, cloisters, cenietaries, and conventsand issued forth, wandering freely about the city, mounted upon greatcars superbly adorned and furnished with mechanisms and " engines "similar to those which Fillppo Brunelleschi and Cecca had invented andperfected for the " Sacre Rappresentazloniand devoted themselves toworking on their own account, whether one by one or united in companies,making a display of plastic pictures, jumping, dancing, reciting dialoguesand farces, and emigrating from the cities into the country and villages,to the fairs, the markets, the entertainments of Princes and illustriousmen. ug? &amp; And it was indubitably in Italy, in fact in Florence, and in the fif- teenth century, that after the long lethargy of the middle ages there awoke,and arose once more, the ancient dramatic form, renewed, grown youngagain, and animated by the breath of the new times; thus in Italy andat Florence, and about that time, there took place the resurrection ofthe ancient marionette theatre, the delight of the Greeks of the time ofEuripides and of the Romans converted to the doctrine of Christ.shall now see little by little how from Italy the theatrical puppets werelater on to move.... one might rather say in a triumphal progress thanmerely on their travels.... and to go to be the delight of the most cul- tured nations of Europe. The modern world, which is our debtor for somany beautiful things, owes us a little gratitude for the marionettes also,and is shamefully ungrateful when it pretends no longer to rememberthis. JZ?In fact I am obliged at this point to call attention to the fact of howin the most active, most lively and most glorious period of the historyof modern marionettes, the documents relative to the puppets of Italyare much scarcer and more incomplete than those relative to the pup- pets of all other nations of Europe. &amp;And this comes about, partly because with us the ugly vice of makingno account of, and letting slowly fall into oblivion, our treasures, is an- cient and inveterate ; partly because it perhaps seemed to our historiansthat so poor a subject was not worthy of their Investigations and of theattention of students; to a great extent also because the history of the puppets and the puppet showmen of the whole world is neither more norless than the history of the Italian marionettes.Italian were the first jugglers and directors of puppet plays whichappeared on the street-corners and in the little theatres of France, ofSpain, of Germany, of England ; Italian were the first characters of thefarces acted on those diminutive stages ; Italian the " masks " of the newcomedy, Italian the scenarios and the programme which served for thefirst improvisations. &amp; &amp; &amp;And we, albeit recording the glories of the foreign puppets, shall inreality do no other than revive the laurels whose immortal leaves gar- land the pleasant slopes and smiling plains of our own beloved land.To be continued. TRANSLATIONS.(i) The actors are all equal; none of them is stuck-up: the males In theportmanteau, the females In the wardrobe. Isabelle, behind the bolts,leaves Colomblne in peace, and PoIIchinelle upon his nail does*not cabalagainst Gllie. £? TRANSLATIONS.(i) They, have taken as ensign a fine cardboard together with the pastefor their fantocci, which, like dunces, they are in the habit of copyingor drawing from the plaster. 4? TRANSLA T I O N S.(i) "If you" said he, "are so, we are cousins" : and immediately theyextend to each other a hundred greetings, and she makes a thousandcourtesies to him, and he as many reverences to her, just as two fantoc- cini sometimes do to the sound of the bagpipes in Florence, when oneis seen to advance towards the other moved by a string, which he whoplays holds with his foot. &amp; &amp; T R A N S L A T I O N S.(1) Going by day into the square to the burattini and to the Zanni weretheir outings.(2) "To sift" is " abburattare". NOTES.(i) The Mask, October 1912 page 138 4&amp; TRANSLA T I O N S.(i) Meantime, now, they act plays, theatrical performances, in thechurches, and not only do they introduce masks in the comic pieces, buteven, in some festivals, the very deacons, priests and subdeacons them- selves presume and are eager, in their madness, to act the parts of themaskers themselves. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; TRANSLA T I O N S.(i) It has become the custom that both in the metropolitan churches,and in the cathedrals, while the religious rites are being celebrated theyintroduce theatrical plays, masks, fantastic figures,... spectacles. NO T E S.(i) '* Orlglni del Teatro in Italia" Florence, 1887. See alsoJanuary 1912.^&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;£&gt;&lt;£? TRANSLA T / O N S .v(i) When Adam and Eve shall be outside the earthly Paradise, they shall,sad and ashamed, bow themselves, humiliate themselves even to theground; and, the Figure, standing with his face towards Paradise, andpointing at them with his hand, the chorus shall begin to sing: EcceAdam quasi unus and the chant being ended the Figure shallreturn to the holy place J NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i) Five ulneof white stuff for a whole Idol three feet in length ; elevenmeasures of the same stuff for the four martyrs that Dacien causes tobe decapitated ; three for another idol where one puts a person whospeaks; four lihbre of whitening, (blanc de pull lie) to make the fleshtints of those who shall be or shall simulate to be nude, and likewisefor the faces of the heads and for the crowns of God, of the Pope, etc;and four sheep skins... to make the whole body of St George, appearas naked; also the expenditure for the making of the said body. (Ci- brario : Econom. polit. del Medio Evo. Torino, 2854. page 237.) NO T E S .(i) D'Ancona. " Sacra Rappresentazioni Vol. II. page 29. j£? NO T E S.(1) D'Ancona: Op : cit: page 376. &amp; &amp; A STAGE" PARADISO" OF AnExtract from the Life of II Cecca, by Giorgio Vasari. TPhe church of tSie Carmine, wherein this representation took place, isconsiderably broader and more lofty than that of San Felice, and inaddition to that part which represented the Heaven into which the Saviourwas received, there was sometimes a second erected, when it seemedgood to the rulers, over the principal Tribune,^This, then, presented another Heaven, in which certain vast wheels,in the manner of a windlass, were so arranged, that from the centre tothe circumference, they moved ten circles, beautifully ordered to representthe ten heavens.These circles glittered with innumerable lights representing the stars,and arranged in small lamps, suspended in such a manner that theymaintained their equilibrium as the wheels turned round, as is now doneby lanterns of a.certain kind, which are used commonly by all the world,jp From this Heaven, or Paradise which was certainly very beautiful,there proceded two strong ropes ; these were fastened to the rood-loft, or gallery, of which there is one in that church, and over which therepresentation was made. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;To the end of these ropes two small bronze rollers were fastenedwith cords, and these supported an iron stake fixed to a level platform,on which stood two angels bound firmly by their girdles. They were\kept upright by a counterpoise of lead which they had beneath theirfeet, and by a second bracket, on which they supported themselves, andwhich assisted to maintain them on the same level. &amp; &amp;The whole apparatus was covered with a large quantity of well prepa- red cotton wool, and this gave the appeareance of clouds, amidst whichwere seen numberless cherubim, seraphim, and other angels, clothed invarious colours, and all very well distributed and arranged. &lt;£?These, when a cord was loosened from the paradise wherein were thelights, came down the two strong ropes above named, and being arrivedon the rood-loft where the spectacle was to proceed, they announced tothe Saviour that he was then to ascend into Heaven, or did or recitedwhatever else was set down for them to perform or speak. &amp;And as the iron to which the angels were bound by the girdle wassecurely fixed into the base or platform on which they stood, they couldturn themselves round, could make due obeisance when they came andwhen they returned, or move themselves about as might be required,so that in returning they set their faces towards heaven, and when theproper time came were drawn up, by means similar to those which hadeffectuated their descent. &amp; Mr CECIL SHARP AND ENGLISH FOLKDANCE by Edward Edwardovitch. Qnce walking with my little boy in Genoa on a warm summer night Iwas attracted towards a dark archway by the sounds of rhythmicalnoises. Under the arch we witnessed a jolly sight.A ring of dark niggers, their biack arms and heads glistening in the4sparkles of light which came from a bad lamp; all of them clappingrhythmically with their huge hands. ...Such an easy charming sound, andone of them in the centre of the ring dancing like only a biack mancan dance,... dancing like the very dickens. J£?&amp; We both of us drew nearer and watched.&amp; The dancer leaps and glides,... and glides again and falls; boils upagain and bounds round the ring; then simmers; finally falls only torise instantaneously; then tumbles into his place in the ring and startshis rhythmic hand music. Almost before he has left the centre a secondhas filled his place,... a poorer dancer, but good for all that. The excitement is not so great, so the first dancer returns to thecharge, capering round his fellow in the centre, aiding and abbettinghim. ...What a noise, what an experience, what inspiration ! The feet of these dancers pound and shuffle for me to far subtlerrhythms than ever any other dancers have yet done,.... and I have seenand listened to many.£&gt; Their stage was the most profound 1 have ever seen, their choice ofplace and time subtler than that of even the greatest of Russian or Greekdancers. &amp; &amp;&amp; Oh, how they laughed, and how we laughed, and how wild the dancegrew. Immoderate and yet masterly. ...What faces too,... quite unforget- table. And ever since having witnessed this ecstatic demonstration weask ourselves and each other, on seeing each new dance or dancer, 44 isit as good as the black men that night?", and then we grin at eachother and shake our heads. JS? *£?&amp; And Mr Sharp's dances and dancers ? We both saw them, and weboth liked some of them. We liked two men who gave us somethingstrong and strange,... something really exciting : and another men's dancemade us feel something like swing. But we were left to think too much. And we thought if only our black fellows would come in and swing alongin that irresistable gliding shuffle how all the senses in England wouldopen and how the Imagination would call aloud for liberty. Mr Sharp's dancers are not free. Perhaps It is part of their charm.I am sure those who from conceit have revolted from Sharp are not ascrap freer, and i don't even suggest that any of those picked men whoare now under Sharp should break loose from him. But from themselves,yes I From fogs and swamps, oh yes. One can't dance In a fog or on aswamp, nor with the blinds down, nor in a brown study. &amp;&amp; Up with the blinds.... up with the sash of the window,... out on tothe green,... away over the hills.... mad If you like, but not sane. A sanedancer is a like a sane donkey ride; a ridiculous affair. To assemble inevening dress and white kid gloves and go on like the Rabbit in "AliceIn Wonderland" is sane. That's what men do at most dances. It's apretty way to pass the time, and quite sane. JZ?What then are Mr Sharp's dancers doing in even approaching theconditions of those party-dancers ? &amp;They dress up, bells and white suits and bows. They have a look inthe glass,... " Am I quite tidy?" Then with a determined air they gotto their self-inflicted doom, conscious to the last.JZ? Now I don't want to be unfair, but I do want to speak to some pur- pose. And no amount of flattery has any purpose in it but gain.£? I'd rather lose than gain in this instance, so long as I don't lose therespect and good feeling of those men who danced the morris so wellthe other day. zz?sZrjZ7jZ?JZ?jZ?&lt;Z?-£?I don't compare these dancers to those of the Russian Ballet. Thereis no comparison. These Englishmen beat the Russians hollow,.... theRussians being hollow to begin with. JZ? ./Z? JZ? JZ*But I compare them,... am forced to.... with my black men that nightin Genoa, and then the cat Is out of the bag. The Englishmen lose.&amp; I don't want them to lose. Bend them, ....loosen the latches, takeall the doors off their hinges.... down with the barriers; they are falseand futile. Loosen yourselves, loosen....! You have the strength,.... hideit lest we are led to believe you are merely stiff. JZ? JZ?Bend ! ....it is not so unbecoming. Risk falling at each bound ; fling yourselves upon the shadows and strike them into lire. Wing yourselveswith the truths you have absorbed through your master. You will not fall.This you can do if you will not deny life, if you will play with lifeas you dance. Take it for your partner.That is what the Black men did. They dared a figure into the ringwith them. They allowed it to trip them up; recovered themselves, andtripped it up,.... raced it, confused it, coquetted with it, parodied it,caught it in their arms and threw it up to eternity, as one tosses a coin.&amp; If you would dance you must fake Life as your partner. ug?Honour Cecil Sharp your master,.... but for all that take Life as apartner. BOOK REVIEWS. THE BOOK OF BURIED TREA- SURE by Ralph D. Paine, Heine- matin. Price ten shillings net,/V most fascinating book, wellillustrated, and dangerous for anyadventurous mind to get hold of. Infact the longing soon conies to thereader to be off in search of themillions which were buried in CocasIsland and which to this day no onehas unearthed. 0 PLAYS AND PLAYERS INMODERN ITALY, by AddisonMcleod. Smith Elder. Price shillings net.It is difficult for any but an Italianproperly to understand the Italianstage.•0 Mr, (or is it Miss ?) Mc Leod, isan enthusiast and understands whatshe likes.She likes Mr Ainley.... he is herideal stage-lover, and she thereforefails to discover any ideal Italian stage =Iover. Yet Grasso seenis tosuggest the love of a man. Mr Ainleyloves rather more like a curate. Itseems a holy business with him. ug?Well then, what is to be said ofan author who attempts to tell usof Italy and its Plays and Playersand who turns away from its essen=&gt;tials ? jg? A CENTURY OF GREAT AC- TORS by Cecil F. Armstrong.Mills and Boon. Price ten shil- lings and sixpence net.x? &amp;THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTEby Winifred Smith. Ph. D. Co- lumbia University Press.|)erhaps the Stage Historian willsome day do better. At presenthe does well, but he wastes his timetoo much with Garrick, Kemble,Macready, Kean and the other "greatactors " whose sayings and doingsare known already. &amp; &amp;&amp; There were other men besides these whose work we want to hearabout; other actors: and for thisreason Mr C. F. Armstrong is not sohelpful to us as Miss Smith, whotreats of the older and far ** greater"actors of the sixteenth and seven- teenth centuries. &amp;£&gt; She sketches out the great storyof the great comedians. Some dayperhaps she will give us the separateand detailed lives of Andreini, ofCostantini and Gherardl.... Or willMr Armstrong do it for us ? Whoever does it we shall begrateful. &amp; &amp; THE CENSORTHEATRES, by John Palmer.Fisher Unwin. Price five shil- lings net. ugrTPhose who hate the Censor and hispower over dull shows such as theone Mr Hamilton Fyfe very rightlyattacked in the Daily Mail last No- vember will be glad to read this book.The writer sums up the matterby saying that the Censor onlj' livesthrough the support of the ActorJS? JS?Good for the Actor Managers S DIVERSIONS IN SICIL V, byHenry Festing Jones. AlstonRivers. Price five shillings net.nphere are three splendid chaptersin this book about the SicilianMarionettes, and also some chapters about Giovanni Grasso. The mario- nette chapters are particularly inte- resting because they give a suggestionof the Nothing that happens on theItalian stage, whether it be a stagefor marionettes or actors, suggestingat the same time how it is the au- dience that makes the Italian Thea- tre what it is. &amp; JG?JS? Italian acting is doing nothingand doing it well; English actingis doing a tremendous lot and doingit badly. Now if you do nothing anddo it well, your audience is left todo the rest; if you do a lot and doit badly, the audience is anxious allthe time because there is nothingleft for it to do. &amp; &amp;You cannot clip passages fromthis book for the whole thing is sowoven together out of nothing, thatit Is impossible to take a piece of itaway without spoiling the whole, butanybody who is interested In theTheatre will read this book in orderto find out how rich the Nothingsof the Italians can be. CASTELLINARIA AND OTHERSICILIAN DIVERHenry Eesting1 Jones. Fifield.Price five shillings net.HPhe same may be said of this se- cond book by Mr Festing Jonesas of the proceding one. It tells usa great deal that is charming and interesting about the Sicilian mario- nettes, and tells It in a charming way. THE NEW SPIRIT IN DRAMAAND ART, byHuntly Carter. &amp;Frank Palmer. Price twelve shil- lings and sixpence net. (i) It cannot be denied tiiat the thea- tre and drama In England are ina transitory stateThese are the first words of abook which should interest the En- glish people. The author in thisparagraph finds reason to separateDrama and Theatre. A very rightway to begin. And so an interestingbook follows. sThe illustrations, some in colour,make it doubly interesting. &amp;Here we have well reproduceddesigns of scenes and costumes byBakst, Dresa, Czeschka, Orlitz, LeflerRoeriek, Egorof. Architectural de- signs by Professor M. Littmann, byTesserow, Zeh. Pictures showing theFortuny system of Lighting andpictures giving away what is calledthe System of Dalcroze. Besides this excellent collectionwe have a number of reproductionsof the works of some of the modernpainters, Peploe, Fergusson, Frlesz,Legouzac, Derain, Chaband, Severini,Picasso and Wyspianski. There arealso numerous plans of theatres. J&amp; These illustrations are for themost part new to Englishmen, andthey make the book a very generouspresent from Mr Carter and MrPalmer to the people who will buyit... and every reader of Maskshould buy it. J (1) See also page I96 ALL MANNER OF FOLK byHolbrook Jackson. &amp; Grant Ri- chards. Price three shillingsand sixpence net.Mir Holbrook Jackson's volumes ofEssays are always welcome: anhour or two in his company everpleasant, as he discourses of ail kindsof grave and merry and importantand unimportant matters.In the present volume he talksto us about many very varied sub- jects ; about Vagabonds, andMasters of Nonsense and Supermenand Potters and the Self Sufficient;and the Ideas of George Meredith ;about Walt Whitman and RichardJeffries and Herry David Thoreauand J. M. Synge and William Morrisand Edward Carpenter and EdgarAllan Poe.There are alse five illustrations,including portraits of Whistler byMr Joseph Simpson and of J. M.Synge by Mr Jack B. Yeats :and a reproduction from The Maskof the engraving of Walt Whitmanby Mr Gordon Craig. X? FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON. R. S. The Arts and Crafts Exhibition.Free Gifts to London. &amp;'Jphe Grosvenor Gallery has comeonce more to Bond Street, and itopened with the tenth Exhibition ofthe Arts and Crafts Society. Coni- mendatore Walter Crane, as Presi- dent of the Society, tells us in hisPreface to the catalogue that nearlya quarter of a century has elapsedsince the Society opened its firstexhibition.&amp; This being the case it Is all themore shameful that on the openingday so few sales were effected. For after all it is the sales whichcount. Jtz? J£?There were some perfect piecesof work shown, and the amazingthing is that these things were notsnapped up by a sensible and evi- dently not-too-rich town. Londoncan't be very well off, for there wereno expensive exhibits. And this is the only fault 1 canfind with the Society: it cheapens. There were Caskets [of shagreen,and silver and ivory caskets; Goldrings; Painted leather curtains; Pain- ted bowls : Salt cellars ; Necklaces ;Fans; Table centres; Tables; Wovendresses; Buckles; Books;... and ailof them for practically nothing.I think this is a great and seriousmistake, jgr /0 ,0-&amp; Perhaps the world once wantedin a real way; now people wantdifferently. They want what theycannot get.It has been the popular way sincethe Lord said Eve shouldn't havethe apples from a certain tree. TheArtist should have learned this lessonfrom his master long ago. He shouldmake It hard,... almost impossible...for anyone to possess certain worksOf his. &amp; J0These he should plant in theExhibition,.... under the noses ofmankind.... saying, " Do not desireth is that I have made... for its pos- session may bring happiness but italso may bring bitterness ; Beware!', ■£? Anyhow the works shown at theGrosvenor Galleries are not prohibi- tive and so I sincerely hope theywill not be bought, for they wouldbe practically a free gift to each buyer.&amp; The Catalogue is a rather badlyarranged one. search too longto find whatever we want in it. Andthe system on which the exhibitsare arranged is bad ; In fact it is akind of go-as-you-please system. Forthis reason one misses things whichone would like to see. Mr Paul Cooper's numberlessworks in gold, in silver, in shagreenand silver, in brass are each andall exquisite. These are practicallygiven away. His sister has a finepiece of embroidery, (No, 434,) thedesign being by Mr Cooper. MissMinnie Brown's hand-woven dressesand stuffs, (No. 488 A and B) aredelicious,... and thrown out of thewindow for a few shillings. AlfredH. Powell's Leather curtain (No. 397)painted just as though the whole ofLondon had begged him to paint itfor them,... is given away for a fewpounds. Mrs Christie, (No. 149) showsamazing skill in some Embroidery.The Stained Glass designs by C. W.Whall are fine. I wanted,., expected...one wall of the Exhibition to begiven to him and all other objectshidden and the glass windows to be lit from behind so that the full valueof the things should touch us. &amp;■£? There is some illuminating workby Mac Donald Gill which is betterthan anything of its kind that Iknow. Gill is stronger than most ofthe illuminators, .... and gayer. Heenjoys himself with rather moregusto than the others ; they are moresolemn ;.... and in England,.... butthere's no more room to say what1 had in mind to say. JZ?P. S. &amp; When all has been saidEngland is first, far and away first,in her production of the perfectBook. The other Exhibits at the Artsand Crafts are all fine,... very finesome of them, but the Printing andLettering stands alone. A great manhas been at work, and very silentlyat work, to bring it to its presentperfection. He is little known andpossibly cares not at all to be men- tioned. They * say he is a Socialist.But that won't do... Kings are not Socialists. LIVERPOOL &amp; MANCHESTER. R. D, Their Repertory Theatres. &amp;¥ iverpool has 767, 000 Inhabitants,and Manchester 716,000 inhabittants. At least I50, 000 pounds shouldhave been found in Liverpool tobuild Liverpool its town Theatre.It need not have been a MunicipalTheatre, it could have belonged to the town quite well without beinggoverned by the town, but I repeat,at least 150,000 pounds should havebeen found for building this Thea- tre, and It is not too late now toset about finding that sum, and theLiverpool people ought to subscribeit.&amp; In Lubeck, a German town, thereare only IIo, 000 people and yetthe Municipality called upon thetown to find 150,000 pounds to buildtheir new theatre. This has beenopened in I9I2.£? Compare this energy and senseof responsability with the Englishapathy. us?It doe.sn't matter how you lookat it, the theatrical situation of Eng- land is not a little amusing. Werethere no other country in the worldwhere they saw the need of bull- ding up a strong theatre so as tohelp in building up a strong nation,then there would be no needto find fault with Liverpool andManchester, for after all, they havegood little theatres of their own, alittle Repertory Theatre apiece.&amp; I think the Liverpool RepertoryTheatre better than the Manchester.There is something stronger about it.It seems to have taken trouble overbuilding itself, and, with very littlemoney, Professor Adzhead has ma- naged to knock an old and uglytheatre Into a new and handsomeone. Not that it Is handsome enoughfor Liverpool, but Professor Adzheadwould be the last person to thinkso, and considering the small sumat the disposal of the architect, thework is extremely good.In the front of the house all Issimple and the curtain is simple.This is not exactly the case in Man- chester. &amp;jS? The curtain in Liverpool is apiece of quiet brocade, not a paintedaffair at all, and it is not raisedwhen the audience applaud for theactors to appear, and so these actorsin Liverpool, like the actors in Mos- cow, stand a chance of not beingspoiled. There is strength in theidea, and that it should have beencarried through also shows strength.The seats are comfortable, and theprices very reasonable, i found theseats less comfortable in Manchester.Then too, the Orchestra is hiddenunder the stage, a very goodthing, and there is a foyer that hasa dignity we often look for in atheatre and find rarely. JS/It is different in Manchester.Behind the curtain they havebuilt a very reasonably sized stagewell equipped, and are blessed withhaving a painting room of their own which contains a large frame.They have a large scene-paintingroom in the Manchester Theatre. Inboth cases are to be found one ortwo good actors, but as I said before,I think the Liverpool is the strongerCompany. &amp; &amp;&amp; But in neither case is It strongenough. Where is the money tomake it stronger ? Neither of thosetowns need flatter themselves that,because they have what is called aRepertory Theatre, they have a reallyfirst class Theatre or anything ap- proaching a first class Theatre; Thisis not the fault of the actors, norof the stage managers, nor of theother workers on the stage; it issolely the fault of the two cities andthis is nothing they can be proud of.They don't seem to realise thatit is their DUTY to whip out thatmoney, and whip it out at once.They don't seem to realise the enor- mity of their behaviour. It is nothingthat London has no Repertory Thea- tre for London has dozens of thea- tres, and it is almost too big for asingle Repertory. Besides, what hasLondon to do with Liverpool andManchester, except to be an exampleto these two towns as to what theyshould, not do ? Miss Horniman hasbeen very generous with her money,but Miss Horniman frankly admits that she runs her theatre to makeit pay.Now you can't run a theatre onthe finest principles and make itpay unless it is first of all supportedhandsomely by the town. It thenstands a good chance of paying.Suppose a theatre starts off withloo, ooo pounds capital, there is noreal reason why it should not payhandsomely in the end, but if itstarts off with 10, ooo pounds howon earth can It pay and do goodwork at [the same time ? I don'tthink anybody is against a theatrebeing made to pay, but if you aresensible business people, you do notstart off by crippling it, and thenbeing surprised that there are nodividends.Let Liverpool and Manchesterrealise that a well established tliea°»tre with a large financial backingand plenty of go in It Is going toImprove every scrap of the businessof those towns ; that it is going toimprove the very existence of eachof the inhabitants, and then perhapsthings will be done in the right way.For a good theatre assists veryconsiderably In waking people up,in bringing people together on acommon ground. It warms one'snature ; one becomes more friendly,and at the same time less critical of life and of one's neighbour.£? A good theatre helps to unitethose of a city, and many goodtheatres help to unite all the cities...... Now then, Liverpool and Manchester, make the effort! PARIS. J. de S. The Price of Theatre Seats. &amp;Cir Herbert Beerbohm Tree hasbeen here. JS?&amp; My Confrere " Percival " suggestsin his report to the Referee thathe behaved like any dashing studentof the Quartier Latin. One fanciesthat he took a furnished room inMontparnasse at six francs a week,was to be seen amongst his friendsin the little corner cafe of the Ruedu Bac, borrowed four francs fromthe painter Fergusson; out of itgave Huntly Carter and M. Radjinskythe American a square meal, wentto a little theatre near the GareMontparnasse, got a good treat forfifty centimes, and, in fact, tho- roughly enjoyed himself.The Daily Telegraph, on theother hand, flatly contradicts ail ofthis* JS? j£?&amp; It states that Sir Herbert wentabout purchasing stalls for fiftyfrancs and twenty five francs apiece.The largeness of the price is attri- buted to the evil system which obtains abroad of disposing of seatsto speculators,... a system which SirHerbert Tree was glad to say wehave little or no experience of inEngland.But possibly Sir Herbert Treeasked late in the day for his tickets ;and possibly he hadn't to goand buy them for himself at theBox Office ? Well then,... surely oneshould be made to pay for privileges.Or possibly Sir Herbert Tree wantedthe best seat in the theatre ? Againone must pay for the best. Or per- haps Sir Herbert ordered his sump- tuous Hotel porter to get him aticket ?... why then, all is explained.1 have lived in Paris close uponeight years and I have always beenable to procure cheap seats at anytheatre worth visiting, provided 1 ordered them in good time. NEW YORK. P. G, Cannibalism, Costume and aCoat of Paint.HTlte Germans and Professor Rein- hardt practically exhausted theTurkish theme in " Sutnurun " andin their other assumptions,... (forCEdipus," "A Venetian Night," "TheMiracle " and the rest are Turkishin temperature in spite of theirGreek and German source).Owing to this the Russians and Leon Bakst have been driven toCannibalism, which after all is akind of off-shoot of Post Impressio- nism.The Cannibalist paints on flesh.To M. Bakst the credit of being thefirst of this new school must begiven, tie has been painting the legsof the ballet dancers of New York.This is a practical as well as amost distinguished idea. Why buytights when a coat of paint will do,with here and there a stripe or astar ? jgr &amp;&amp; There are some people who willcry out at this revolutiou which aParisian Dancer has declared is Sa- crilege. " Paint my beautiful legs I"she cried; " Never 1". JZ?We agree with herbut theIdea is very distinguished ; we areall bound to admit that much,....what ?So " Cannibalism " has arrived,and M. Bakst has said farewell tohis last bead. It was a versatile bead ;it served every purpose of costume.But its possibilities were limited bythe side of this coat of paint. JZ?&amp; The Russian Ballet has solved theproblem of costume and manage- ments need send no longer to Damas- cus for silks, but only to Aspinallsfor a few pots of their sixpenny enamal. JZ? STRATFORD ON AVON. L. C. Streets as Memorials. &amp; &amp;passing through Milan a littletime ago I was surprised andpleased to find that half thp streetsthere were called after some mu- sician, architect, painter, or writer.Thus I passed in a short timethrough the following streets, whichI will name here although theremust be a great number more : Via Bramanti, Via Qoldoni, Via Ar- chimedi, Via Donizetti, Via Bellini,Via Rossini, Via Tenaglia, Via Pe- trarca, Via Boccaccio, Via Tasso andVia Vitruvio. As you see that listdoes not include the more obviousnames of Michel Angelo, Raphael,Leonardo da Vinci and Dante, but Ihave no doubt had 1 searched Ishould have come across them.It strikes me, and must havestruck many others, that it wouldbe no bad thing at all if the autho- rities in England would make a littleuse of the names of artists whenchristening their streets. After allit is quite true we have a JohnStreet, but 1 cannot think that theauthorities anticipated the adventof our great painter. I feel sure itmust have been the name of theowner of that plot of ground. Any- how it is quite certain that thereare very few squares, places, streets or roads named after artists.We have some very good names itis true, the nobles' names, Pembroke,Eton, Belgrave and so forth andthe saints show up well in London;St. James and St Pancras and manybesides. King's Road and Queen'sRoad sound fine; there is the uniquePiccadilly which after all can neverbe beaten. But such names as SmithSquare, Baker Street, Jones' Cornerand so on do not suit England inthe least. JZ? &amp; jg?It is very curious that thoughwe do not name our streets aftergreat artists, and although for cen- turies we have looked down uponthe actor, there really does hap=pen to be a Garrick Street. Youwill not find abroad many streetsnamed after actors. jg? &amp;If London should leave mattersas they are, what is there againstthe Garden Cities having their fling?It would be an inexpensive wayof erecting a little memorial toour bakers and our smiths. Sir George Alexander has, Ibelieve, already had this idea andI in no way claim any originality forit but I trust Sir George will followup this admirable thought of his andat an early date put the idea beforethe Council of which he is a distin- guished member. £? zz? BERLIN. R.D. An Over sight. J£? &amp;I met a wonderful creature the otherday in one of the capitals of Europe.Me recalled one of the great andterrible figures in the Balzac novels.He was about fifty six years of age,of powerful build, perfectly dressed,.,and dead.£? A powerful corpse was before me.His eye glittered,... not with Lifebut with eternal death. There wasa suggestion as if he had powderedhis whole soul with the fine dustfrom the cemetaries. I admired himwhile I wondered at him. He wasterrible enough for that. He spoke to me saying that hewould like to be able to build andimprove his house, and he wavedhis hand imperiously towards amonstrous affair which is called ahouse and which was then in processof being pulled down and rebuilt.Builders, not architects, were being&amp;j0 I suppose he has at least 150,000pounds a year to spend 011 his life." Only three things are needed "said he, "The place, the Wish andthe Money. We have the first two,...but little of the third jg? I added that there was a fourththing necessary, the Talent. Poor fel- low, he had forgotten that item. EDITORIAL NOTES. DRAMA TIC CRITICISM. &amp;criticism In London seemsto be improving. Criticism cannotbe an easy thing at any time, andcriticism of the Theatre is particu- larly difficult with so few artists ofconscience and in the Theatricalworld to set the standard. j®J® So much can be said in defenceof much of the loose London Thea- trical criticism of today, J® J®J® But while we defend we mustalso admit that while there is evenbut one artist to set the standardcriticism has nothing to complain ofso far as a lead is concerned. . J®J® Mr Gordon Craig has given thetheatrical critics just such a lead.He has acted as an artist ever sincehe began to develop his theories bypractise In 1900. He is stern withhimself. What higher standard couldcriticism look for TJ® J® J®Unfortunately criticism,... eventhe most level-headed... is apt whiledemanding the ideal to be easilysatisfied by the sloppiest imitationof that ideal,... and imitation is apaltry principle, J® J® J® J® London loves nothing so much asan imitation article. Witness itsecstacy on the appearance of MissMaud Allen, who was an imitationof Miss Isadora Duncan. J®&amp; London is now pondering lear- nedly about Dalcroze and his methodwhich is again an imitation,... animitation of the school of Miss Eli- zabeth Duncan.j® And Del Sarte is forgotten* Washe ever troubled about by the cri- tics 1 J® J® J® J®j® In the same manner London critics(even the level-headed J. M. Bulloch)are found to glow over the imitationsat the Savoy theatre In scene anddance. J®j® Mr Bulloch uses the word "novel"in speaking of Mr Barker's produc- tion. Here It is as well to remarkthat the production is not MrBarker's but is the product of severalmen. These have been told to attemptthe William Poel method Butwhereas Poel was always seriousthese producers are giddy. j®j® Mr Barker's talent for teachingactors how to act in the modern way is his own and should receiveall the praise such a talent deserves.But when he borrows Mr Poel'smethod of scenic arrangement heborrows if, we suppose, only to putIt down: it is no conviction withhim. Mr Barker tries different me- thods,... and he tries his experimentson the dog,... that is to say, on thepublic. We do not believe In vivisec- tion methods in the Theatre.We want to see as stage directorsmen of conviction,... men withmethods of their own. We ask fororiginal work, original thought: wecall for men of the stamp of Cezanne,Gauguin and Van Gogh; we havehad enough of the placid imitators,the timid opportunists too eager tosuit the public with something ratherunusual. That is bad art, very badart, and can but breed worse art.We want to see Barker wash hishands and become himself. His pa- rodies of other men's ideas are outof place, worthless and feminine. ■£?jg? We would rather watch himblunder over his own expressionthan hear him lisp out sentencesframed better by other lips.Mr Barker has lately called MrHamilton Fyfe's attack on ProfessorReinhardt a cowardly attack. MrBarker's " productions " are notexactly manly: a man knows his own mind ; Mr Barker seems not to. Heechoes. He has no principles to guidehis 44 production he just borrowsa different method with every newproduction.No epoch is marked by these Savoyproductions, and Mr Bulloch is wrongto assert that an epoch has beenmarked by them. Originality may ormay not mark an epoch. £?&amp; Genius marks it. Mr Barker is aresourceful man full of the bestintentions,... and some weak ones.When he gets rid of these andstrikes out for himself he may markan epoch, but he will find that it isvery difficult to get out of the habithe has let himself slip into. It willneed a lot of repentance. &amp;And the 44 great public " whichMr Bulloch says has welcomed theseimitation goods ? Is it the 200,000that Sir Herbert Beerbohm Treeonce spoke of as having gone to see44A Midsummer Night's Dream " atHis Majesty's ? Or is it more ? Atany rate, considerable public thoughit may be, it is not the "great public."The great public comes to a man'swork if he be a genius about ahundred years after he is dead.Perhaps 44 The Voysey Inheritance"will win the great public in a hun- dred years' time even as 44 Hamlet"won it once. A large public is always a fascianating thing: everyone would bepopular. Everyone tries to be. Butsome few there are who will not bepopular by compromise, and who willonly take popularity on their ownterms and if it comes to them ofits own free will. &amp;Cezanne, Gauguin and Van Goghwere such men. They lived yester=day. Blake was such a man. He livedthe day before. Let the public if itwishes to be great honour none butthe great men. And let the criticsbe the friends to the public by tellingthem a little more of the truth. &amp; PRIVATE THEATRES.HPhesis " wrote a letter lately tothe Pall Mall Gazette askinghow many strictly private Theatreswere to be found in and about Lon- don. His query was prompted by anotice of the sale of Hampton CourtHouse " with a fine theatre ". .2?" Thesis" calls to mind quite anumber of private theatres:.... theShelley Theatre on the ChelseaEmbankment; Sir Thomas Freake'sTheatre in Cromwell Road, and onejust off Eaton Square and one inNorman hurst.This question Is an interestingone, and we wish " Thesis " wouldset out to enquire all about theprivate theatres of England and re- cord in words and In pictures andplans all he finds out. We need sucha record.And when he has finished Englandthere is a fine rich field awaitinghim in Italy.&amp; Some one tells us of an oldcinque cento theatre in Siena... isit possible such a place exists ? itwould have been a private theatreanyhow. Then there are the other oldPalace theatres: have not somerecords been preserved about these?At Fontainbleati there is a greatgallery which was once upon a timethe King's Theatre. Who can tell usabout this private theatre ? -S" Then there is the delightful littletheatre of Marie Antoinette at thePetit Trianon. The public is not asa rule admitted; the place is notused and mustyness is in the air:the wood of the stage is rotting:the least thing breaks it. And sofar as we know no thorough recordof the place exists. Yet what a fasci=nating subject,..." The Private Thea=tre of Queen Marie Antoinette".We hope "Thesis" will write thebook. jc? FRILLS AND FO.does so false a sense ofvalues appear to prevail as in thetheatre. The price set upon prettyladles, willing to show an unlimited amount of 44 lingerie" and an'almostunlimited amount of their own char- ming persons seems to be perpetuallyon the increase.Mile. Gaby Delys, after someweeks of laborious dressing andundressing on the London stage,of being extensively photographedfor the illustrated papers in the actof powdering her ankles, kickingher heels while perched 011 hertoilet table, and in various otherpiquant attitudes, enhanced by anelaborate deshabille, has now arrivedin America with a long train ofchauffeurs, maids, secretaries, petdogs and ropes of pearls like a secondQueen of Sheba, to renew her acti- vities at a salary of about fivethousand dollars per week. Another vaudeville lady, MissEva Tanguay, has been receivingtwo thousand five hundred dollarsa week from Lew Fields the Ame- rican manager for an 44 excursionfrom vaudeville" into the 44 legi- timate field" in a piece called "TheSun Dodgers ". &amp;Success does not seem, however,to have attended the excursion."According to newspaper reports ",relates the New York DramaticMirror. 44 Eva's bare legs created44 something of a sensation, but the44 box office receipts were not in " proportion to Eva's salary", theFields Management considering that" her drawing power for them was" less than 250 dollars"..i.e. less thanone tenth of her pay, a fact whichseems to argue some little inteili- gence and discrimination on thepart of the public to whom thisattraction was offered. Added to this Miss Tanguay costthe management something in ner- vous exhaustion owing to her displaysof " artistic temperament ", andthe opinion of the said managementwas summed up in the one word" Impossible".&amp; Here is a brief paragraph whichgives an Indication of what longsuffering managers have to standfrom the " artistic temperament"of the ladies who grace their stages."As the week went by business" failed to pick up, and when Eva" walked out one day, Mr Fields" took her at her word and Eva's** term as star of the Sun Dodgers" came to an end. Friday morning" he received a telegram in the New" York office, a message of repen- \" tance in a thousand words. Eva" said that her heart was in the" right place, and she wanted to" stay, but Mr Fields did not change" his mind. On that opening night" in Pittsburgh she had dropped 44 three numbers from her part, and44 she left such a hole in the pro- 44 gramme that the chorus did not" know where they were at. It is44 said that this was only one per- 44 formance of the kind, for Eva,44 says Dame Rumor, put on her hat44 before the end of almost every44 rehearsal and she threatened to•' do the same at performances."£? Of course the managers have noone but themselves to blame forputting these ladies into positions•of prominence which they have notthe intelligence to be able to holdwithout losing their heads, and forencouraging them to set a whollyabsurd and fictitious value uponthemselves. It is absurd first of all to encou- rage these young women to thinkthat because they have well-shapedlimbs, or less reticence than othersin publicly displaying them, or pos- sess a more enticing outfit of petti- coats and drawers than their sistersthey are worth their weight in goldand are to travel like empresses andbe obeyed as if they were goddesses.For the ladies possessed of thesephysical attributes are,unfortunately,sadly lacking in brains. They deve- lop, under flattery, into incarnationsof hysterical conceit, and the mana- gers who have bred them can hardly complain if they have then to sufferby them. In fact they shape thesefemale Frankinsteins, these so-called"artists", to pursue them and har- rass them at every turn.Every day it becomes more evidentthat women are impossible upon thestage as it is today. Whether a newrace of women will arise to workunder a new race of artists for theArt of the Theatre remains to beseen,.., but if they do so, and do sosuccessfully, it will only be whensomething of that spirit which quick- ens and controls the women of theEast has found its wav into thewomen of the West. &amp; " ARTISTIC TEMPERAMENT. "propos of the "Artistic tempe- rament," ...that graceful synonymfor the tempers and nervous disordersof so many of the ladies of the stage,Mr John Lund the operatic conductor,who has surely had no small oppor- tunity for making his observations,is reported as having nalevely ex- pressed himself as follows: (i)" I classify in three sections; when" an ordinary chorus girl makes a" fuss I call it impudence; when a" young lady drawing a hundred" dollars a week makes a fuss, I" call it imprudence: but when a" star defies me, I have to admit " that it is the artistic temperament"In fact the privilege of possessingand enjoying an " artistic tempera- ment the indulgence, that is, ofa general capacity for ruining fineenterprises and raising Cain ailround, is reduced to a matterof L. s, d. JZ?It is the old story of the klepto- mania of the rich, and the "stealing"of the poor. JZ? (I) N. Y. Dramatic Mirror. CUI BONO? J. S. rjphe 44 New York Sun " of October44 27th states that, " More than44 5»ooo,ooo dollars... a conservative,44 very conservative, estimate that..." is being spent in the construction" of theatres, or has been spent on" those already opened in Greater44New York this year. And that doesnot take into account the cost of44 the ground ".JZ? 44 After easy sailing along the44 Broadway frontier " continues thewriter, 44 and after delving in the44 Jungles of theatrical side streets944 it can be learned that no less than44 twenty theatres of a good size44 have been opened or have actually44 been building in this year of our14 Lord."And what is the value of It all ?what good may be hoped for fromall this enterprise and expenditure?..Nothing! twenty brand new buildings ... and nothing better to put in themthan the contents of the old dustyfusty jingling tawdry box of tricks:five million dollars laid out,,;, andnothing to be gained for the theatrefrom it all. zs?■£? It is really a pity to see so muchgood money being wasted, and tosee it being wasted by some fairlyintelligent men who should knowbetter by now. jZ?zz? Mr William Brady is one of them :his new theatre is already open ;MrJohn Cort is another who is soon toopen, and then there is Mr Ames,...(none the wiser, we fear, for hisrecent experiences,) joining in withthe Shubert Brothers in the prepa- ration of a double theatre of whichthey are to manage the one, he theother. &lt;£? sZ? jZ?jZ? Altogether it seems that a lotof labour is being wasted just now in New York. jZ? jZ? THE RUSSIAN BALLET.NIJINSKI'S ACKNOWLEDGMENT J. S. | ast year, when London went mad over the Russian Ballet, and everycritic in London, professional or«otherwise, was losing his head andutterly failing to discern what the Russian Ballet was composedof, when all these people were writing and speaking of the Russians asif they had created a new form of dancing, Mr John Balance pointed out inThe Mask, that Miss Isadora Duncan had lent her aid, to its creation.What Mr Balance wrote, readers of The Mask will remember, butcritics seem to be ignorant of the fact; Critics, unfortunately for England,seem always ignorant of tacts, and think that every new production inart, whether it be an opera, a ballet, a painting or a drama, is the happyinspiration of the particular person who at that moment is seen to pro- duce It. He always forgets, he never fails to forget, he would die sooiierthan not forget, that art is the creation of a very few individuals onearth and that all the others are more or less imitators. He fails to notethat even certain natiQns are purely imitative and never produce crea- tive artists and that there are some few nations that do produce creativeartists, and he forgets a lot of other things as well. But in this parti- cular case, he forgot completely that which was so obvious,.... the debtwhich Mr Pokine and Russians owed to Miss Duncan. ■&lt;£&gt;■When it was pointed out in The Mask fhat she had influenced StPetersburg, one or two people exclaimed against this, among others,Mr George Calderon. He grew very cross with Mr John Balance, andlaughed the idea to scorn that Nijinsky, Pavlova and the others hadlearnt anything from the great American.It is very agreable to us that we are able to publish a signed articleby Nijinski* the first dancer in Russia, and the head of the RussianBailet. This is what he says:....44 Isadora Duncan is a great artist. Her influence in modern chore- 44 graphy has been very important. Before being produced with the44 success that one knows, choregraphy was to a certain extent restrained44 by an exacting technique. Isadora dared to give liberty to movement,41 enlarged the boundaries in which the artist may evolve, and abolished44 the frontiers established by custom. She has opened the door of their44 cell to the prisoners. Fokine, the great Fokine, has followed in her44 footsteps, and attained the summit. Before then, in one word, the44 fantasy and temperament of the dancer were limited./' Nijinsky.&amp; It is not often that the right thing and we little dreamedthat Nijinsky would come forward so soon and speak like a true disciple.Would it be too much to ask London to awaken its discernment androuse its perception so that it too shall understand the difference of THISand THAT, and realise that the north is precisely the opposite to thesouth, and the right hand different from the left, and sucli-like simplethings; for by discernment, instead of a kind of fat contentedness tomuddle, the whole nation would regain its youth again. As it is, En- gland praises Tom, Dick and Harry and Salvini and praises all alike asthough all were of equal value.... &amp; We ask for better informed critics, &amp; T HE BLUE BOThe Undergraduate Review0 KNUMBER ONE APPEARED MAY 1912&amp; lis contents were as follows. &amp;The Ideas of Mr Gordon Craig C est a Eamour du VieuxThe Tavern of Children MondeHome Chat: A Play in one Past and Present of FuturismAct Henry James£&gt; Poems Essays Reviews &amp;CONDUCTED BY OXFORD UNDERGRADUATES &amp; PUBLISHEDEVERY TWO MONTHS AT 6 &amp; 7 CORNMARKET ST, OXFORDONE SHILLING NET» THE POETRY REVIEWWill Open on January i, 1913, at35 Devonshire St, Theobald's Road(5 minutes from the British Mu-seum). A BOOKSHOP FOR THESALE OF POETRYI N 1913 THE POETRY REVIEW &amp;will be considerably enlarged and published quarterly at 2j6 net.Annual subscription 1016 post free. &amp; &amp; FO R U M .TEHis printing the most brilliant andenduring work of the menand women who willbe the classics ofto-morrow.'STORIES : ESSAYS : CRITICISM .• PHILO-SOPHY : POLITICS ; POETRY : DRAMA.MITCHELL R&amp; New York &amp; London ■*&gt;Three months trial subscription two shillings kJT H E MOSHER BOOKS 'yHE special literary value of my general Catalogue has given it a unique positionin the world of book-making for book-lovers.From year to year these Catalogues have been issued with the view of makingknown, as no other form of advertising could make known, The Mosher Books andwhat they represent in up-to-date bookcraft. All possible value has been put intothese books by their publisher; so that to-day they are the only style of genuinehand-made paper editions at popular prices in America.Sent without charge to all who are interested in choice editions at moderateprices. j£t jG jG jg? THOMAS 13. MOSHER, , MAINE. YE OLDE PARIS BOOKE=SHOPPEII Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France.I •Buys and Sells All Sorts [of French, English,Spanish and Italian Books. Also Engravings,Ancient and Modern.Catalogues issued monthly. Correspondance inFrench or English invited. Books. sent on Ap-proval to any part of the World. Lists of Desi-derata receive careful consideration. £? ■£?English Translations of French, Latin and Greek Classical Works, suchas Brantdme : " Lives of Fair Ladies ", (with coloured illustrations) ; " OneHundred Merrie &amp; Delightsome Stories ", translation of " Ies Cent Nou-velles nouvelles"; Anatole France : " Thais (the Repentant Courtlsan ofAlexandria). "The Well of Santa Clara " with 21 Copper Plate Etchings ;Pierre Louys "Aphrodite", illustrated by Ed. Zier; Petronius: "TheSatyrlcon" (translated by Oscar Wilde, with long Preface and manyNotes;) "The Golden Ass "(of Apuleius) fine English version, with Notesand copper plate Etchings ; "Corporal Punishment in France", historic andanecdotic; Aristophanes "The Eleven Comedies", literally and fullyrendered into English for the first time.Circulars sent on application, (with stamps to cover postage)Please note we buy French books for cash andjgr can supply all Parisian publications.Fine Catalogue of French Books, Contes, Romans, Etudes curieuses(free for 20 cs.) &amp; &amp;YE OLDE PARIS BOOK E-S ti O P P E&amp; 11 Rue de Chateaudun, Paris, France. &amp; ATHE DRAMAQuarterly Review ofDramatic LiteratureEDITOR : CHARLES HUBBARD SERGELADVISORY AND CONTRIBUTING EDITORSBRANDER MATTHEWSColumbia UniversityTHOMAS H. DICKINSONUniversity of WisconsinROBERT HERRICKUniversity of ChicagoGEORGE P. BAKERHarvard UniversityRICHARD BURTONUniversity of MinnesotaSTARK YOUNGUniversity of TexasBENEDICT PAPOTChautauqua InstitutionTHE DRAMA is alone in its field. It presents aplea for the drama as literature. &amp; &amp;Each number contains a complete play, carefullychosen from ancient and modern classics, and a4number of articles upon the significant featuresof current drama, contributed by prominentscholars and critics at home and abroad. To thelover and student of dramatic literature THEDRAMA renders a unique and indispensible service.Subscription in the United States, dollars 3.00Subscription from other countries, dollars 3.25&amp; A sample copy will be sent on receipt of 75 cents. &amp;Published byTHE DRAMATIC PUBLISHING CO.t&amp; 542 South Dearborn Street, Chicago. &amp; &amp; LEO S. OLSCHKI.u n g' A r n o A c c i a i o 1 i, Florence,Large Stock of Italian Theatrical Books from the XVth Cen-tury up to date JZ? JZ? &amp;Incunabula, Manuscripts with and without Illuminations.Old Bindings, Prints, etc. , &amp; &amp; &amp;IBooks not in stock sought for and reported free of any chargeMonthly Lists of latest purchases supplied on ApplicatioiRichly illustrated Catalogues on special subjects. TO BE PUBLISHED SHORTLYTOWARDS THE NEW THEATRE.Being 40 Designs For Stage ScenesWith Critical Notes By The Inventor.Square Royal 4to, 21 shillings net.ByEDWARD GORDON CRAIG."P&lt;&gt; every design the author adds a page of critical notes. The workarrests attention not only because of the completeness of its author'sbreak with all the weak theatrical traditions of the artificial ages, butbecause the author breaks away from himself, pointing out to us howloose is the " tradition " which is all too rapidly being formed uponhis earliest experiments, and the danger this rapidity is to his school.&amp; The book brings together many of his most representative designsmade between the years 1901 and 1911 and which were made for Tragedy,Comedy, Melodrama for Opera and Mimo-drama.&amp; The book will be on sale in Florence, and enquiries may be madefor it at the office of " The Mask ", Arena Goldoni. Florence js&gt;Send to the Publishers for Prospectus and General Catalogue.J. M. DENT AND SONS. L TD, &amp;151, A1 dine House, Bedford Street, Strand, London, England. THE SOCIETY OF THE THEATREmMlWHIimBM HIH lWil,ilWliWIIIMIiM&lt;i|inn »n» «wt tmmmmmstumnm—mmmmmMmsmmmAffiliated to the Gordon Craig School forthe Art of the Theatre. OBJECTTHE PROMOTION OF THEART OF THE THEATRE.SUBSCRIPTION.Ordinary Membership 5S. od per annum.Associate Members ios. 6d ,, ,,Fellows, L. 10, ios. od life memberspipEvery Reader of " The Mask " should join the Society.Write for all particulars to The Secretary, Offices of the Society of the Theatre•£? 7 John St, Adelphi, London.