Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 5, No. 3 (1923-10) naap_1923-10_01 Princeton University Library 3 types (wrapper, inside, glossy), doesn't seem to be handmade paper, no watermarks etc 76 19.5 27 pagination continuous with previous issue photographs on glossy paper (stapled) 7 pages of advertisements same font as previous issue photographs on glossy paper (one-sided) between inside cover and p. 129, double-sided between pp. 144-45 and double-sided between pp. 176-77 cover in wrappers (glued), inside stapled images on glossy paper (probably as glued-in inserts) Sold for 50 cents . Beach, two 'Shakespeare And Company' stickers, one on inside front cover, one on inside back coverq Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Slater Brown edt Malcolm Cowley edt Matthew Josephson edt Broom pbl 5 3 October 1923 47 West 34th Street, New York Broom Untitled Edward Nagle cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Still Life Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 4 A Black Wren John Freeman cre 5-9 Five Americans E. E. Cummings cre 10-12 Henry Ford Matthew Josephson cre 13-18 The Priest Speaks William Gamaliel Shepard cre 19-20 Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 21 Portrait of Joe Gould Joseph Stella cre Illustration 22 Joseph Gould: The Man E. N. cre S. B. cre 23-24 Social Position Joseph Gould cre 25-28 Ellsworth to Great Pond Winifred Virginia Jackson cre 28 The Poet Assassinated Guillaume Apollinaire cre Matthew Josephson trl 29-38 Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 39 Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 40 "A Boire! A Boire!" Slater Brown cre 41-43 How Many Miles to Babylon? Robert Graves cre 44-46 Soto and the New World William Carlos Williams cre 47-56 Flowers Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 57 African Musical Instrument Charles Sheeler cre Illustration 58 Sixth Poem Wilfrid H. Bendall cre 59 Book Reviews Great American Novels M. J. cre I. S. cre J. T. cre 60-65 Comment: Week End Painters Edward Nagle cre 66-69 [Broom logo] Illustration 76 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 70 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 71 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 72 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 73 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 74 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 75 BROOM AN INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE OF THE ARTS Editor, Harold A. Loeb Associate Editors, Slater Brown, Malcolm Cowley, Matthew Josephson October, 1923 Published Monthly Vol. 5, No. 3 Cover Design—Edward Nagle Pa « e Still Life—Charles Sheeler ........ (facing) 129 A Black Wren —John Freeman 129 Five Americans —E. E. Cummings 134 Henry Ford —Matthew Josephson . . . . . . . . . 137 The Priest Speaks—William Gamaliel Shepard . . . • . . 143 Bucks County Barn- —Charles Sheeler (facing) 144 Portrait of Joe Gould —Joseph Stella . . . . . (facing) 145 Joseph Gould: The Man —E. N. and S. B . 145 Social Position—Joseph Gould . . . . . . . . . . 147 Ellsworth to Great Pond —Winifred Virginia Jackson . . . 150 The Poet Assassinated —Guillaume Apollinaire 151 Bucks County Barns —Charles Sheeler . . . (facing) 160, 161 "A Boire! A Boire!" —Slater Brown 161 How Many Miles to Babylon—Robert Graves . . . : . 164 Soto and the New World —William Carlos Williams ./. . 167 Flowers, African Musical Instrument—Charles Sheeler (facing)' 176, 177 Sixth Poem —Wilfrid H. Bendall . 177 Book Reviews 178 Comment: Week End Painters —Edward Nagle 184 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. /submitted to them, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed stamped envelope. The Editors cannot be held responsible for mss. lost in transit. ' Broom is published monthly at 47 West 34th Street, New York, by The Broom Publishing Company, Inc. Entered as Second Class Matter, June 30, 1923, at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879. Copy - right, 1923, by the Broom Publishing Company, Inc. if i $5 a Year 50 Cents the Copy When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. We won't attempt the futility of advertising Travels In Arabia Deserta By C. M. DOUGHTY to BROOM readers. With the exception of "Ulysses" by James Joyce, no book written m the last century has been so hard to get or has had such significance in modern letters, so all we will do is pass on the news that at last an edition is ready. We are publishing it in con- junction with Jonathan Cape of London, and the Medici Society; except for the binding, a rich, gold-stamped black buckram, the two volumes in which the work is being issued, are in fac- simile of the original Cambridge Edition, which sold at $50 on publication and is almost impos- sible to buy now. It contains the arrangements and specifications (which meant practically the invention of a new system of punctuation, an- ticipating many effects used by contemporary writers), which the author insisted upon for his book. The price is $17.50 per set. 750 are being is- sued in this country, and by September 20th, 420 were subscribed for, although the book had not yet been published. We urge you to place your orders now, with your booksellers or di- rectly with us; we should like to send you a brochure that we have prepared on this work, anyway. HnSB I We fondly believe that wherever reading is re- garded not as _ duty but as a pleasant habit and one of the comforts of civilization, B &amp; L books are well known. Q. E. D., BROOM readers know B &amp; L books; but we would like them to have the exhilaration of knowing the complete list; a post card will bring it. CANE By JEAN TOOMER You have seen parts of this unusual book in BROOM an d other portions prob- ably in "Little Re- view" and other un- fashionable maga- zines. The book is really a stirring event in the year's literature. $2.00 BONI 6 LIVERIGHT HOLIDAY By WALDO FRANK The "White Covers," as Paris calls the "Nou- velle Revue Francaise" writers, "L'Europe," "Ma," all the forces of gay and unflagging ad- vance inartistic Europe have pointed out Waldo Frank, not only as a compeer, hut as a mas- ter. He is the most un- compromising force in American letters, and in this remarkable book, HOLIDAY, he has crystallized his method, making i't his most per- fect expression. $2.00. CHARLES MONTAGUE DOUGHTY soon after his return from Arabia The garments' are those given him by the Great S'herif of Mecca. (Vol. II p. 508.) A BOOK ByDJUNABARNES That almost mythi- cal personality that has loomed so large- ly and intangibly over modern art in America — D j un a B a r n e s —has here made itself manifest in 'a book as indi- vidual as its creator. $2.00. 61 WEST 48'- H STREET NEW YORK. N.Y. 1 Charles Sheeler Still Life 129 A BLACK WREN The water was cold and freshening as it poured from the brass tap over his fingers and wrists, and he was so occupied with his pleasure that he scarcely noticed his wife passing through the scullery and only heard her voice vaguely, saying, "I'm going out to see about a black wren." He shook the water from his fingers, dried them, and stepped back to his chair repeating her phrase abstractedly, "I'm going out to see about a black wren. ... A black wren. What did she mean —had she found a black wren, or why did she want to see about it? Its small bright eye—no, she didn't mean that, but a small black bird, black as a rook, sheeny and black, but not languid and heavy as a rook. What did she want with a black wren? The phrase reminded him of another small bird, the brisk and friendly robin, that perched on his spade if he rested —long rests between each thrust and lift —pecked, fluttered, perched nearer, and looked up so kin-like and bright. It wasn't that the birds of the garden and hedge had any special fondness for him; wild things didn't notice or trouble about him. . . . Stay, there was that squirrel, actually a slightly lame squirrel that wasn't nearly as agile as it should have been. He had stumbled almost upon it and it had leaped away (leaping a little awry, he thought) and then looked as if it trusted him not to harm —not to harm it with a cruel thought even. How pretty it looked —no, pathetic more than pretty. He had wanted to stroke the squirrel, to pat it, but suddenly thought that a motion of kindness might seem but as a motion of cruelty, and startle the sly small thing. So he hung still and it disappeared. A black wren, a squirrel: even the gentlest things seemed sad amid their gaiety. The loveliness of limb and motion, of flight and leap, was at the mercy of his hand. Where did the wren come from, where would it hide to die? All these deaths of lovely living things— sorrow in all loveliness. Botticelli's Venus, where was that now? In Maggie's room still, no doubt. She had asked him for it when she was fourteen or fifteen. "I must look at it when Igo upstairs. Is it as beautiful as I used to think it, or is it too sad to be lovely now? What a beautiful thing once, yet melancholy. There's too much green in it — it's melancholy as the woods in spring. But melancholy means black— a black wren. . . . Strange!" Green, too, was always melancholy 130 —the April green, the pallid fresh green of buds and small leaves showing paler yet against the russet husks. The Venus rose from the sea like the pale spring rising from dark winter —a pretty fancy, yet true. It was the old sadness of that poor goddess that made him feel— how? Well, he felt as if he were looking not at Venus but at a crucifix. He couldn't help it, they were counterparts, twin types blend - ing into one. Venus here, Jesus there, both sad in beauty, one lonely the other martyred. He wasn't confusing the two and of course one was pagan and the other christian; "but they're really the same, the same. The body's crucified in Jesus, and it escapes in Venus, but only for a time. Venus is thinking of the crucifixion —as sad as Jesus him - self. She too will be crucified —everything lovely, everything eternal is crucified; else it can't be eternal." That was why, if he thought of the one, so often he thought of the other; they didn't live apart, and one, he supposed, couldn't live without the other. The loveliness! though he was old-fashioned, he knew, in his adoration. But one couldn't do without beauty, one couldn't glo with - out faith; an altar was necessary, and even if Jesus had not lived, and died on the cross, the story would have been the same. Crucify, crucify —yes, everybody had to cry out. That outburst was true —it proved that the crucifixion had happened, just as it was true about Venus. She had lived, of course no one knew when, and she was dying now; she couldn't rise again until she had died. Jesus was happier now — radiant. Where was the painter of a radiant Jesus? She had never lost that sadness, for a gay Venus was a profanation. Botticelli ought to have painted Jesus and Venus together: he could! It wouldn't be a bit strange, no stranger than a black wren. An innocent mind A wonderful, wonderful thing, her body. Mary must be about the same height, the same figure. Her face was different, not pathetic; but it was only a mask, there must be a likeness hidden within it. Not quite the same figure, though, for her shoulders were spare, her arms thin; altogether she must be a little thinner than the Venus. He oughtn't to be thinking thus of her. "Oughtn't I? She doesn't know, and isn't it a kind of honour? The women who were silent there were doing Jesus honour: thought is the only honour, the purest. Was it wrong to paint the Botticelli Venus, or to look at it? That's how I look at Mary now." But the crucifixion of Jesus, of Venus —for once more only that or the prefiguration of it could cause such sadness —but what had this to do with Mary? He had lost the thread. Strange, though, that she should be called Mary. How that Mary must have suffered! Did everything pure 131 and lovely suffer? Yes, of course, long before age came; and then age as well. Jesus as an old man, Venus an old woman —O what a disgusting thing a man's mind was. As disgusting was the thought of a black Venus —a black wren. What did Eleanor mean? Black —it was horrible. Black on white snow —but even bears and pigs weren't quite black: a grizzly gray, looking dark on the snow; pine trees in the distance, ridges of firs, weren't so black— nature, someone said, abhorred black. A black Venus —O evil, evil! No, grotesque; and he recalled an old music hall song, "I love my coal black Venus." These loathsome, vulgar things, once-heard never forgotten. Black Venus —the light sliding on a heaving black breast, leaden and smooth, shoulders with little pools of darkness between the black blades, the navel's blackness, the undimpled knees —horrible, horrible. Yet somewhere he'd heard of Jesus being translated black for the benefit of negroes. Wasn't that crucifying Him again, with a worse shame than ever? Must everything lovely be defiled, and then killed? When he was a boy—"l remember that Museum, ah yes. How old was I? not more than fifteen. Thirty years ago and more, and it's but yesterday. That glass case and several small things in it, and the bronze of a naked woman, a little bronze seven inches high. Yes, I was with the Adams, I remember now, and I was ashamed to stand looking at the figure and pretended to be looking at something else - heaven knows what. I was ashamed, for I adored it. Nothing ever so beautiful, a joy to think of even now. O, men lust because they find nothing to love. I remember it all now, and I know. It was the same day, but afterwards, that we walked past the theaters, through Leicester Square, and so on; and those horrible posters of dancing leering girls—horrible. How could I think of my bronze figure then, standing lonely, lovely, silent in the glass case?" Thirty years ago and more, he reminded himself. Such figures had been dug out of Greece, Egypt, Italy, Mexico — adored everywhere. How could men live without adoration? Who made such figures? What lover drew, what artist modeled, what priest perfected them? Out of the earth they came, and their lovers and artists and myriad worshippers—all from the earth. A restless earth, seething with life, sinking into death, with perpetual succession of change and counterchange. Like a sea, heaving and sinking; and straightway his thought fled on to: — Love still hath something of the sea From whence his mother rose. 132 Jesus walking upon the sea, trampling the storm until it was cowed and fled, and Venus rising tranquil from green waves. Her doves flying out from the cliff-holes, pale doves, gray and pale; and black diminutive birds, black wrens hovering about the edge and shrilling their small sweet notes. The doves fled from Venus to Jesus and one rested a moment on His head and He smiled; then it flew off and circled above Venus, and all the doves fluttered at once. The black wrens had gone—strange birds: he had never heard of them before; evil birds, for all that was black was sinister. Their shrill song was but a mockery— they had gone, but it still sprinkled the air with a faint mocking echo. There was mocking round the Hill, women's thinner voices mocking Jesus as He hung on the cross, and men's voices deep as cattle. The women's eyes were black, their hair was black, their gestures, words, laughter—all black and cruel and mocking. No such mockery tainted the lily-fairness of this mild sad Venus. Sad, but not suffering, in a lilied tranquillity. Invisible lilies oozed their scent around her, wrapped her in their acrid sweetness; they were not lilies that fester smelling far worse than weeds. O but they would fester yet; rankness would subdue sweetness, the Venus lilies would shake down in shrivelled petals. Venus herself, must she perish too? Venus would fester, shrivel up and sink into dust; the flesh could not endure. Only crucifixion could save it —wasn t that what He meant when He said The handle rattled briskly and the door opened. "I don't know what to do with that hen; she's eating her eggs again." He raised his head and loomed vacantly out of his thoughts. What are you talking about, Eleanor?" She looked at him frowning. "Didn't I tell you, when you were washing your hands just now, didn t I tell you I was going to see about that hen, the black hen? I've thought a long time she's been eating her eggs —but you take no notice. Why, it was only two minutes ago." Two minutes —no, surely hours ago, hours and hours. All this had happened to him since then. "Of course, of course. Only, I'd forgotten—thinking of something else." He smiled vaguely, as though at his own thoughts; a characteristic smile. - But when Mary was sitting with them at tea the gray cloud that had lifted suddenly came upon him again, and his thoughts wandered off- —so wild and so foolish that it was too much trouble to watch them. Let them go. His wife was talking and Mary sitting almost 133 silent. Looking at Mary he was amused to recall how, until now, he had always disliked fair hair and pale eyes. Mary's was fair, her eyes a little pale. She was thinner than the Venus, her shoulders were spare, but she was the same height and "Goodness, there's Cyril again," said his wife as there came a bump and a crying overhead; and she sprang up and Mary too. Mary stood between the french window and the door as his wife ran upstairs. The same height, the same figure, the same mask. In the hush of his wife's absence a great gulf opened. Across the gulf he stared at Mary, not seeing her. His thoughts flowed over her, and then as he looked up suddenly and gazed on her face, half illuminated by the falling sun, her consciousness of his gaze increased. She knew his look, and her face and neck flushed unbearably. He saw the flush and knew that it was all over her, head to feet; and he was ashamed and glad. The silence was suspended unbroken, unjarred by either of them, but seemed on the point of breaking by its own strained intensity. She was sinking back into her chair as his wife returned saying what had happened ; and as she spoke he could see Mary's face. A bright berry hung in each cheek, making her fairness wonderful. Berries —stains —what were they reminding him of? As he caught at it a scurry of wings near the panes startled them all and he opened the window to follow the flutter. In a moment he returned saying, "Those pigeons again, the white pigeons, you know." Mary's eyes were still averted, but her voice was steady enough whenever she answered Eleanor. The berries still hung in her cheeks, scarcely fainter when she rose to go. He dimmed his thoughts with a powerful effort and looked into her eyes only briefly as he said good-bye. Her hands were al - ready gloved: had the palms, too, a stain, like the stain of her cheeks? The hat came dark over her forehead and he could see nothing there; her feet were covered, save to his thoughts. Was she but mortal flesh, a Venus only? Had the white pigeons flown towards her, baffled only by the window pane? "Good-bye, good-bye," he was saying, and a moment after watched her through the window—light and firm and a mystery — as she stepped into the road. Then he opened the door murmuring, "I must go up and see if it's still in Maggie's room." As he reached the landing and turned to enter, he caught his breath in a great expectancy. John Freeman 134 FIVE AMERICANS (Sonnets) I. LIZ with breathing as (faithfully) her lownecked dress a little topples and slightly expands one square foot mired in silk wrinkling loth stocking begins queerly to do a few gestures to death, the silent shoulders are both slowly with pinkish ponderous arms bedecked whose white thick wrists deliver promptly to a deep lap enormous mindless hands, and no one knows what (i am sure of this) her blunt unslender, what her big unkeen "Business is rotten" the face yawning said what her mouth thinks of (if it were a kiss) distinct entirely melting sinuous lean . . . whereof this lady in some book had read II. MAME she puts down the handmirror. "Look at" arranging before me a mellifluous idiot grin (with what was nose upwrinkled into nothing earthly, while the slippery eyes drown in surging flesh). A thumblike index down - dragging yanks back skin "see" (i, seeing, ceased to breathe). The plump left fist opening "wisdom." Flicker of gold. "Yep. No gas. Flynn" 135 the words drizzle untidily from released cheeks "I'll tell duh woild; some noive all right. Aint much on looks but how dat baby ached." and when i timidly hinted "novocaine?" the eyes outstart, curl, bloat, are newly baked and swaggering cookies of indignant light III. GERT joggle i think will do it although the glad monosyllable jounce possibly can tell better how the balloons move (as her ghost lurks, a Beau Brummel sticking in its three - cornered always moist mouth) —jazz, for whose twitching lips, between you and me almost succeeds while toddle rings the bell. But if her tall corpsecoloured body seat itself (with the uncouth habitual dull jerk at garters) there's no sharpest neat word for the thing. Her voice? gruesome: a trull leaps from the lungs "gimme uh swell fite like up ter yknow, Rektuz, Toysday nite; where uh guy get gayn troze uh lobstersalad IV. MARJ "life? Listen" the feline she with radishred legs said (crossing them slowly) "I'm asleep. Yep. Youse is asleep kid and everybody is." And i hazarded "god" (blushing slightly)—"O damn 136 ginks like dis Gawd" opening slowly slowly them—then carefully the rolypoly voice squatting on a mountain of gum did something like a whisper, "even her." "The madam?" I emitted; vaguely watching that mountainous worthy in the fragile act of doing her eyebrows.—Marj's laughter smacked me: pummeling the curtains, drooped to a purr . . i left her permanently smiling V. FRAN should i entirely ask of god why on the alert neck of this brittle whore delicately wobbles an improbably distinct face, and how these wooden big two feet conclude happeningly the unfirm drooping bloated calves i would receive the answer more or less deserved, Young fellow go in peace, which i do, being as Dick Mid once noted lifting a Green River (here's to youse) "a bloke wot's well behaved" . . . and always try to not wonder how let's say elation causes the bent eyes thickly to protrude— or why her tiniest whispered invitation is like a clock striking in a dark house E. E. Cummings 137 HENRY FORD Who has ever approached political thought or action with an aesthetic? Not since the Renaissance when, I believe, Machiavelli was a craftsman of high order, claiming the good of the state for his feats of virtuosity, and Giovanni Batista, who could ride, fence, de - liver speeches, write verses, paint, sculpt, play, sing, kill his man with the best of them. Let us expand once more the functions of art that our ideas may be deeds and our deeds fit to instill admiration, rapture, suspense, beatitude. The country is all but populated and the immigration gates shut. Across the flamboyant front-pages of the newspapers these are, after all, the chateaux, the cathedrals, the mystical shrines that we rear for ourselves. Thus Henry Ford, the other day, calls up Washington. "Hello, long distance. Henry Ford speaking. I want Uncle Sam. . . . Hello, Uncle Sam. This is Henry Ford speaking." "Henry Ford. Oh, yes, how are you feeling today. About that Muscle Shoals proposition " "I can complete the construction work for $100,000,000. You are spending at present $500,000 per year to guard it, and it is de - teriorating rapidly, not to mention the loss of interest on the original investment of over $120,000,000." "Yes, we did make some bad investments during the war." "But I believe with the present state of conditions in the agri - cultural industry it is imperative to push the whole proposition to completion. The country needs nitrogen, to double the output of corn per acre, making farming profitable for once and reducing the cost of living enormously . . "I know your bid is lower than our engineers . . . but politics " Henry! Ford! Henry Ford! Born in Dearbornville, Mich., 1863 of pioneer (nay immigrant) stock. His father saw the first "iron horse" come roaring in like a drunken Indian through the forest. All they talked about in those days was the "iron horse." "I was born on a farm . . . and my earliest recollection is that there was too much work on the place," muses the great manufacturer. 138 And there is something of Alexander's satiety with conquest in the words he murmurs today: "A man is now able to do somewhat more than four did only a comparatively few years ago." Forty years ago, when everyone was thinking only of the new power of electricity, Henry Ford began tinkering with his first horse - less wagons, run by steam power. Crude foolish thing: there is a picture yet to be seen of Henry seated in it, holding the tiller with that vacant look about his wide - apart eyes. Soon Henry was building automobiles that were breaking records and winning races. A skilled mechanic, he raised capital and opened a little plant in Detroit, with the first automobile manufacturers. Several people invested small sums in his company; one invested $5,000 in stock. In a few years, Henry Ford bought this man out for $12,500,000. Ford astounded the world by announcing a minimum wage of $5 a day. Everyone predicted his financial Waterloo. But in a little while Ford cut the price of his car about 50 per cent and raised the minimum wage to $6 a day. Clearly no one had ever known anything about manufacturing before Henry Ford. "Unless we know more about machines and their use," he says, "unless we better understand the mechanical portion of life, we cannot have the time to enjoy the trees, and the birds, and the flowers, and the green fields." Soon nearly everybody in America was trundling about the world in Mr. Ford's Tin Lizzie. To Fordize an operation you cut the machine down to the least number of parts; you concentrate upon the least amount of energy in making those parts and in assembling them. Each man does the same thing over and over again a thousand times a day. And you cut the price more each year and the people buy more. "And they are happier," says Mr. Ford. They want to be led, and they are glad to do the same thing every day. A new consciousness was born in the modern world. Quantity production making all things so cheap and plentiful favored the rapid increase in population. The United States prospered. If a war should rake the land back and forth leaving ruin and barrenness in its wake, the Ford idea would re-people it with huge townships; factories would leap up again, land would be tilled and reclaimed with tractors and other power-driven machines. 139 He bought a railroad and began to reduce the rates. The United States Government became alarmed. The Interstate Commerce Com - mission stepped in and said: Mr. Ford, we are afraid that you are becoming a little un - constitutional." Mr. Ford desisted. He has always been a little nonplussed by politics. But we are running ahead of our story. Mr. Ford was opposed to the erection of imposing and costly churches. He refused to contribute to his own parish church for this end. But in his automobile plant, he built the costliest and most beautiful power-house in America. It was placed on the avenue along - side the office buildings. Power houses are usually in the rear of factories, dark, dusty, greasy holes in the ground with mountains of coal piled outside. Ford filled the windows of his power-house with stained-glass. And now the ponderous fly-wheels turn in utter silence, sending all the throbbing energy through more than five hundred de - partments of the plant with its 55,000 contented workingmen. That this mechanic, this scarcely literate man, should triumph so over physical forces! Soon he became the mightiest man in the world. But the Great War of 1914 broke out. A world torn in con - vulsions of destruction. What is war? To Ford this was a most regrettable occurrence. All his competitors began to make ammunition. For what? To a man whose life had been consecrated toward simpli - fying and increasing construction, it was a most painful subject, indeed. Mr. Ford watched the war from Detroit with a restive, uneasy eye. Mme. Rosika Schwimmer, idealist, fiery, magnificent Hungarian Jewess, appeared before him and pleaded with him to intervene. Many other publicists, preachers, poets, the President of the Humanitarian Cult; David Starr Jordan, Jane Addams, Louis P. Lochner. Won over by the pleas of these public-minded personages, Henry Ford took a train to Washington and appeared at the White House to lay before the President his plan of neutral intervention. Mr. Wil - son, however, had at that time launched himself upon a course of Watchful Waiting. On November 23, 1915 he chartered a vessel and invited the leaders of thought from all over the world to come with him to Europe in his peace ship, and hold a Conference of Neutral Countries. "Men and women of our country," he proclaimed, "representing all of its ideals and all of its activities, will start from New York on 140 December 4, 1915 aboard the Scandinavian-American Steamship Oscar 11. The peace ship that carries the American delegation will proceed to Christiania . . . Stockholm . . . Copenhagen . . . "With twenty thousand men killed every 24 hours, tens of thou - sands maimed, homes ruined, another winter begun, the time has come for a few men and women with courage and energy irrespective of the cost in personal inconvenience, money, sacrifice, and criticism, to free the good will of Europe that it may assert itself for peace and justice." Mr. Ford made his will and finished dictating his biography. The Peace Mission embarked in pell-mell fashion. There were two governors, many college professors, writers, teachers, students, a goodly scattering of preachers, and fifty-four press agents. All this in the teeth of immense distrust and denunciation from high quarters. Don Quixote, they jeered, crossing the seas in his flivver. But Ford's faith in "just folks" and in the "plain, democratic way of doing things" was indomitable. On board the Oscar II: a perfectly wild mob lost in the fog of the North Atlantic. No plans of action had been prepared. The huge party on board did not know where to begin to talk. They talked and talked. The newspapermen were aghast. There was no "copy" in all this, they were adrift on the Atlantic, and what was more, Ford never talked! The newspapermen monopolized the First Class Saloon and formed the "Viking Press Club." In their perplexity and desperation they whiled the long hours away with many fitting and practical jokes over the radio. On December 14th two British scout cruisers ran the Oscar II into tow and with the voluble passengers prepared for the very worst, a wind-burned young lieutenant and seven piratical-looking marines, armed to the teeth, boarded the ship. The party went on talking dis - armament incessantly, while virtually prisoners of war. And all the time H. Ford, in his staterooms, eating third-class food, according to the legend, working mysteriously on plans, blue - prints, notes. "Horses as well as men gone to the war never to return,' he ruminated. His plans gradually unfolded. Europe without horses. The strongest interests in favor of continuing the dreadful destructive war, were munition makers. How to win them. Let them make farm- 141 tractors. Europe would have no more horses. Make tractors at a handsome profit. He would show them—s2oo each—s2 cents a day for oil—would not cost half as much as the horse it displaces. Would revolutionize farm operation and increase farm profits. That busy little Ford brain! Inventor, Producer. In Christiania the good burgomaster and his officials received the party. Must it be admitted that the reception was chilly. It was the dead of winter. Among the individuals of the party there had been mistrust, perhaps envy. It is said that leadership had from the start passed into the hands of Mme. Rosika Schwimmer. It is whispered that she was a forceful, dominating woman. Mr. Ford had been quite sea-sick. Three days after landing in the old world, Ford left mysteriously, responsibility divided between Rosika and his business manager who had struggled with this unwieldy Ark and footed all bills like a brave little man. Money had been flung away lavishly. The party travelled to Sweden, to Copenhagen, to Holland. Speeches were made. What did the good people of Denmark think of the address of the Nebraska minister? Speeches were made. What did it matter? "Ford left us a few days after landing," says the Rev. Dr. Aked, "without explanation, without a word of farewell, secretly, in the small hours of the night, after telling us that he would certainly con - tinue the journey with us the next day." Good-bye Europe. Good-bye Rosika. The Lusitania was blown up. The United States entered the war not long after. H. Ford hurried to the White House and offered his complete co-operation. You know what the Ford organization did to win the war! Soon after H. Ford became an avowed Anti-Semite. A has les Juifs! Rosika Schwimmer! The Dearborn Independent waged a merciless campaign against the Jews everywhere. The Jews were mortified; they retorted bitterly, powerfully. What adversaries! Per - haps it was they who countered in the Michigan Senatorial elections, dollar against vote, dollar upon dollar. Newberry. Poor tool. Sud - denly the campaign of vilification, slander, suspicion of the Jews, carried on throughout the world by the immense Ford organization, ceased magically. A terrible silence followed, as the Ford Boom for President was officially launched. 142 The world changeth, and a new order taketh the place of the old. Even did we bend all our efforts to again embrace the dear old times, those sweet rustic airs, solitude, tranquillity, the bubbling draught, those pleasant vales, —they would never, never be envisaged, those happy, happy days. Even should we have preferred to remain cloistered, writing dig - nified admonitions to the errant writers of our times, making book re - views, little poems against poets, the Telephone would intervene filling our secluded Tower with its worldly vibrations. (Hello! Is this The BROOM? Can you please inform me, can you please tell me T»ho are the leading, most reputable, most reliable concerns Teith a country-wide service, furnishing the trade br " "No! Sorry, we can't help you. This is not a trade journal. We have nothing to do with the in - dustry . . .") The electric train leaps painlessly out to the distant Hills, where the gay Commuter dances, dances with his little boys and girls to the "Alabama Blues" over the radio receiver. The man dictates at his desk and at once a syndicate flashes his Message to four hundred news - papers throughout the United States, read in the tramways and with the first sunlight on the glass tops of ten million office desks. Mr. Ford, ladies and gentlemen, is not a human creature. He is a principle, or better, a relentless process. Away with waste and com - petitive capitalism. Our bread, butter, tables, chairs, beds, houses, and also our homebrew shall be made in Ford factories. There shall be one great Power-house for the entire land, and ultimately a greater one for the whole world. Mr. Ford, ladies and gentlemen, is not a man. Let Ford be President. Let him assemble us all into his machine. Let us be properly assembled. Let us all function unanimously. Let the wheels turn more swiftly. Coolidge! Bah, what is Coolidge? A rococo Yankee lawyer. Ford means action. Coolidge means procrastination. Ford, higher wages. Coolidge, the ten-hour day. Ford, standardization. Coolidge, inefficiency. Ford, higher wheat market. Coolidge, farm mortgages. Ford, lower freight-rates. Coolidge, the Pork-barrel! VOTE FOR THE PEOPLE'S CANDIDATE. A veritable crusade has sprung up spontaneously throughout the country to place this man in the White House. The vast and effective Ford organization in every city and every hamlet of the continent is behind it. Matthew Josephson 143 THE PRIEST SPEAKS Scene: Madison Square Garden. Time: 1923. The speaker has been talking a long time, his peroration is heard in a high singing voice above the heads of a monster crowd •' Brother Gods, behold the crawling ant, the lion, the tiger, the crow, the toad, the crayfish and the ellyphunt, little and big beasts to dress the world for us. And birds to sing. And we ... oh see me beat my breasts and do a few steps of the divine mandance . . . why we sit on the top roost crowing over all, with one foot in God's Home and one on this ashpile. . . . Did you ever see the like of this? Never on sea or land such majesty was seen as man coming out of the white palm of God, the walls of darkness light - shattering to greet him. Look no farther for the finest. Acid Proof. Made for the Whole Family. NON SHRINK - ABLE. Send it to the laundry and get it back new. Who's Your Tailor? Stick to God. With a thread and a patch of beef he sews up angels. The Miracle Man. A secret. Listen. Shut that typewriter. Turn in the radio. God sat all night in seance with the stars that breathed Him forth in a gust of light, studying the blue prints of his new invention, lopping of a corner here, adding a beam there. When He wrote Appd. and broke a package of Fatimas to celebrate the labor's end he handed it to His angels yet lacking that round turret packed with square mir - rors. The copying clerk added this detail. And the Hosts 144 of Heaven stood to see the first step of the strange new beast, whose first word, "I, Am," stirred a shudder in Demigorgon. Eventually. WHY NOT NOW? Lay your heart and your dollar on the right altar, you can't miss dividends. Your bread is buttered on the right side, children of God. Keep your eyes on the grand old nag. Don't Forget to Grease the Gears. It takes grease to get there. Not Three-in-One either, but Gargoyle. In the night my soul, my daughter, cries, clinging to a raft of greenback, and lo! Christ! . . . walking on the waters, with a harp and a handful of signed receipts. Glory. . . . And the harp has golden strings. GLORY. And the harp . . . has . . . golden . . . strings. . . . William Gamaliel Shepard Charles Sheeler Bucks County Barn Portrait of Joe Gould Joseph Stella 147 JOSEPH GOULD: THE MAN Coincident with the inauguration of the naughty nineties, Joseph Ferdinand Gould, historian, white-wing, and perpetual candidate for the throne of Albania, made his first private appearance at Norwood, Mass. Born of undiluted Yankee stock, diapered and weaned by none but Yankee hands, the little gentleman was raised in the strict moral traditions of his race. At a precocious age he entered the public school where his persistent interest in every phase of human activity astonished his fellow-pupils and instructors alike. Even at the age of thirteen when his school mates were only interested in abusing him, the little Joseph was already publishing a small review, "The Gleam," which contained articles of literary and historical import. Upon graduating from the Norwood High School, Mr. Gould commuted to Harvard College. He naturally elected History as his major study, but always being more interested in the activities of his own time rather than those of a previous one, he became a lively mem - ber of the Harvard Cosmopolitan Club. It was here from his close association with the Hindu, African, Chinese, Albanian, and Siamese members that Mr. Gould learned of the injustices under which the smaller nations of the world suffered. Being a man of action he at once championed the cause of Albania and pledged himself to a life - long solicitation of funds toward Albanian Independence. It was also at this time that Mr. Gould was arrested for assault. On behalf of the negro race he kicked the Irish shins of a Scow Boston cop as a protest against a motion picture, "The Birth of a Nation." Upon matriculating with honors from Harvard, Mr. Gould ob - tained a governmental position and was dispatched to the Indian Reservation there to carry on anthropological investigations, particular - ly in the Tecumseh family. After completing his work for the govern - ment he returned to New York. A duel with the editor of a magazine, now defunct, immediately followed his return and soon after that the war with Germany. Mr. Gould vainly tried to enlist in the glorious ranks of those fighting for world democracy, but being unable to pass the physical requirements of the army he was obliged to forego that pleasure. At present Mr. Gould is employed as a book reviewer by a metropolitan daily. 148 In personal appearance Mr. Gould is striking. Should he be com - ing around a corner the first harbinger of his approach is a prodigiously long cigarette holder which heaves into view like the bow-sprit of a large schooner. If times are propitious a cigarette emitting clouds of smoke wobbles loosely at the end of it. Immediately following the bow-sprit, there appears a small sharp nose, or prow, on which a pair of bent wire spectacles rests askew. This in turn is followed by a sparse and goatish beard, a scraggly mustache, two singularly bright eyes and finally an entire head crowned by an absurdly small pill-box hat. Immediately beneath the head, in fact its only visible means of support, one observes a long flopping overcoat which presumably harbors within it some sort of vigorous little body which can and with amazing rapidity propel the aforesaid overcoat through traffic and around corners. Attached to the frayed extremity of the right sleeve a small parched hand clutches a number of grimy notebooks. It is this mass of grimy note-books which contain (or rather par - tially represent), for the fecundity of Mr. Gould passes all natural bounds, his omniverous history of the contemporary world. Written in a cramped and curiously pedantic hand this work, which now reaches many hundred volumes, touches upon every phase of human, animal, vegetable, and mineral activity. For Mr. Gould is restricted by no subject, neither by the limits of time or space, decency or virtue, inter - est or insignificance, by the air above or the waters under the earth. His only requirement to which he persistently holds is that no fact shall enter his history which he has not seen with his own eyes or heard with his own ears. This requirement is the result of his own philosophic concept of history. For unlike the general historians who believe that the world and time have reached a final culmination in themselves and who for that reason believe it is within their power to give the details of the past a value in the light of their own emotional present, Mr. Gould at - tempts to renounce his personality and record in as dull and unindi - vidual a style as possible all the actual and fortuitous experience of his own life. Thus he records the recitation of a drunken negro in the back room of a saloon with as equal an objective care as he describes the funeral of his father in Norwood. For this reason his history of the world becomes, not an expressionistic work of art like other his - tories, but a purely scientific chronicle on which the historians of the future will base their subjective studies. E. N. AND S. B. 149 SOCIAL POSITION Nearly everyone is perplexed by the human instinct to either lord it over other people or bow down to them. In the eyes of the Infinite, all pride is dust and ashes. But as we must live with our brother man, it is natural that each of us should have his ideal of proper society. I believe that we need an aristocracy in which each person can be an aristocrat. That is to say every human being is entitled to a legitimate pride in his environment and antecedents. The Socialist vision is somewhat similar. However it insists too much on material values. Its appeal is to those people who cannot respect themselves without good clothes and well-filled tummies. That is a wrong as - sumption. An Indian no matter how dire his poverty can dispense hospitality with dignity. He is his own welcome. Roger W. Babson once asked me what I thought was the solution of the high cost of living. I answered, "The Indian system. Fewer wants." He that knows he is as good a man as his neighbor does not need to impress by evidence of material wealth. The aristocrat is the highest type I can attain to. I believe that if one only pushes aristocracy far enough it becomes democracy. In all externals, the two viewpoints keep the same code. One serves from love of humanity, the other to satisfy himself. I believe that no higher race of men ever lived than the back - woods Yankee farmer. Made independent by the toil of his own hands he exacted no servility from others and he yielded it to none, those of higher social position in the artificial sense have had to pay for it by various acts of flunkeyism. I am very cosmopolitan and have met specimens of European, Asiatic, American Indian and African nobility. Not even excepting Water Chief have I ever met anyone with more reason for pride in his immediate family and remoter ancestry than myself. I said to God once, "You know I am very proud. If I should ever meet anyone with better blood in his veins than flows in mine what should my con - duct be?" The All Mighty answered me, "Be not alarmed. Until * Chapter CCCLXVIII of Joseph Gould's History of the Contemporary World, to be published posthumously. 150 I repeal the law of the survival of the fittest, you will never meet any - one with a higher claim to pride of race. Your pride, of course, is nasty as all pride is, but it is the seed of so much of the good that is in you, that I want you to keep it, until you find something better. Remember however that every human soul is as big as its environ - ment and heredity allow it to be." Civilization brings distinctions of caste apart from individual at - tainment. Thus is developed the patrician and the peasant. Each has a different set of virtues, and both are needed for the complete sum of humanity. When you find a patrician without pride or a peasant without avarice, you get very nearly the perfect man. The European is usually descended from ancestors who were all of the same caste. A Southerner's progenitors were all either F. F. V' sor all poor white trash. In New England there has always been the mingling of the two strains. One of my ancestors was the first Governor of Connecticut. Another came as an indentured ser - vant. Mrs. Bowie said to me once, "There are two types of gentle - men. One is the gentleman by the grace of God. I knew a slave who was that. Then there is the gentleman by virtue of inherited culture. You belong to both types." At one time I would have been greatly pleased with this compliment. Now however, I feel that if I am not big enough to belong to all humanity, I want to think of myself as belonging to the masses rather than to the classes. Ido not want to consider myself a gentleman in the archaic sense unless this distinction permits me to feel as proud of my progenitors who lived lives of modest toil and were first nowhere upon the field of battle, as I am of colonial governors, knights, nobles, kings and emperors who also had to live that I might be. The past has many claims upon me. I regard the continuity of life as the great miracle, and through genealogical research I like to project myself back into the past. Hence lam a confirmed ancestor worshipper. I can still remember the mental glow I experienced when I first learned of my descent from William the Conqueror. At the present time I feel differently. The early kings and nobles were very promiscuous. I doubt whether there is an Englishman alive who is not descended from William the Conqueror, or a European who is not descended from Charlemagne. I would like to be really ex - clusive. I wish I could trace my pedigree back to some common person who lived in the eleventh century. My racial work brought me into contact with certain celebrities. My father and mother treated them with dignity and courtesy giving 151 them the best they had. When I invited a Negro deckhand to visit me they treated him in the same way. They were sure enough of their own position to be able to do this. That is real aristocracy. I do not consider anyone quite my social equal who can not do the same. Ralph Watson said to me when I expressed this idea to him, "You would find your social equal among bar tenders then." I re - plied, "Not among all. They might be able to entertain a Negro deckhand and yet be flustered by a celebrity. On the other hand I feel as if I were slumming when I visit households where the Negro deckhand could not be entertained." Goni Katundi the proprietor of the Albanian restaurant, Vatru, did not wish me to invite Miss Culot there, although she had been in Albania, because he thought she was of too high a caste. When I took her there, I apologized for this neglect on his part and told her the reason. I said he was wrong because the Albanian restaurant was good enough for me, and what was good enough for Joe Gould was good enough for any one else that God had made. She smiled approval and said, "That's the proper way to feel about it." At the time she did not hear what I added, that whatever was good enough for anybody else that God had made was good enough for Joe Gould. I would use this addition to illustrate the difference between the aristocrat and the snob. I feel very cocky when I think of the three highest social honors that I have received. The one that I valued least was when I tried so hard to get into the army that Captain A. J. Boyce was impressed and spoke to Roosevelt about me and the doughty colonel told him to bring me to Oyster Bay. Roosevelt was out of luck, for Captain Boyce lost track of me. As Roosevelt had no backwoods Yankee blood in him, of course, he was not quite my equal, but I was honestly pleased that despite my poor physique I had made such an impression upon Captain Boyce as a man among men that he deemed me worthy of the highest honor he could pay me. I was more pleased by what happened the first time I met Mrs. Rust, the widow of the Confederate general who commanded in the battle of Port Hudson in which my grandfather participated. Her grandfather and her husband were congressmen, and she had moved in the highest society in Washington and danced twice with Edward VII. She was akin to the aristocratic families of the Old South and the list of her relatives was lousy with distinguished names. It was supposed that we would clash bitterly because my Negrophile pre - judices were so strong. By a few proofs of deference, I won her so 152 completely that on offering me a second helping she said, "Will you have some more veal, Joe?" She did not call others by their first name whom she had known a much longer time. My head was a bit turned then by this unexpected acceptance by the feudal South, but I now feel that the real point of the honor was that I had pleased an old woman. The old and children are the best judges of character be - cause they are less observant of the superficial. I have also had the highest social honor possible. Water Chief offered me his peace pipe as a personal friend and an equal. Any ruling dynasty among white people is a mere mushroom in comparison. Hereafter, if I am invited to meet kings or emperors or even Police Commissioner Enright, I will feel that I do them more honor than they do me. Joseph Gould ELLSWORTH TO GREAT POND Drink hard cider, swig hard cider, Swill hard cider, Boys! Throw yer spikers, throw yer peavies, Beller out yer noise! Grub in Waltham, drink in Waltham, Slogger up an' down! Hide ye slat-faced, heathen Christians, K-J's crew's in town! Drink hard cider, swig hard cider, Whoop 'er up, O Boys! Hell' s own roarin', cant-dog sawmill Can't make half our noise! Sling yer spikers, sling yer peavies, Put yer head to use! K-J's waitin'! K- T's watchin'! King o' old K. Spruce! Winifred Virginia Jackson 153 THE POET ASSASSINATED XVI PERSECUTION At this time prizes for poetry were being awarded every day. Thousands of societies had been founded for this purpose and their members lived on the fat of the land, while making upon fixed dates large benefices to poets. But the 26th of January was the day upon which the largest associations, companies, boards of directors, acad - emies, committees, juries, etc., of the whole world bestowed their awards. Upon this day 8,019 prizes for poetry were distributed, the total of which aggregated 50,005,225 francs. On the other hand, since the taste for poetry had never spread among any class of the population of any country, public opinion had risen powerfully against the poets who were called parasites, lazy, useless, and so forth. The 26th of January of this year passed without incident, but on the following day the great newspaper, La Voix, published at Adelaide (Australia) in the French language, contained an article by the distinguished agricultural chemist Horace Tograth (a German born at Leipzig), whose discoveries and inventions had frequently seemed to border on the miraculous. The article, entitled The Laurel, contained a sort of chronology of the culture of the laurel in Judea, in Greece, in Italy, in Africa and in Provence. The author gave counsel to those who had laurel trees in their gardens, indicating the multiple usage of the laurel, as a food, in art, in poetry, and its role as a symbol of poetic glory. He then began to talk of mythology, making allusions to Apollo and the fable of Daphne. Finally, Horace Tograth changed his tone brusquely and concluded his article as follows: "And furthermore, I say candidly, this useless tree is still too common, and we have less glorious symbolisms to which people at - tribute the famous savour of the laurel. The laurel holds too large a place upon our overpopulated earth, the laurels are unworthy of living. Each one of them takes the place of two in the sun. Let them be chopped down, and let their leaves be feared as a poison. Hitherto symbols of poetry and literary science, they are nothing more today 154 than that death-glory which is to glory as death is to life, and as the hand of glory is to the key. "True glory has abandoned poetry for science, philosophy, acro - batics, philanthropy, sociology, etc. . . . Poets are good for nothing more nowadays than to receive money which they do not earn, since they scarcely ever work and most of them (except for the minstrels) have no talent and no excuse whatsoever. As to those who have some gifts, they are even more obnoxious, for if they receive nothing they make more noise than a regiment and din our ears with their being persecuted. None of these people have any raison d'etre. The prizes which are awarded them are stolen from workers, inventors, scientists, philosophers, acrobats, philanthropists, sociologists, and so forth. The poets must disappear. Lycurgus would have banished them from the Republic, we too must banish them. Otherwise, the poets, lazy fiefs, will become our princes and while doing nothing, live off our work, oppressing us, and mocking us. In short, we must rid ourselves im - mediately of the poets' tyranny. "If the republics and the kings, if the nations do not take care, the race of poets, too privileged, will increase in such proportions and so rapidly that in a short time no one will want to work, invent, teach, do dangerous feats, heal the sick and improve the lot of unfortunate men." An enormous stir greeted this article. It was telegraphed or tele - phoned everywhere, all the newspapers reproduced it. A few literary journals followed their quotations from Tograth's article with mock - ing reflections as to the scientist; there were doubts as to his mental state. They laughed at the terror which he manifested over the lyric laurel. However, the journals of commerce and information made great ado about his warnings. They even said that the article in La Voix was a work of genius. The article by Horace Tograth had been a singular pretext, ad - mirably fitted to fan the blaze of hatred for poetry. It made its appeal through the traditional sense of the supernatural, whose memory lies in all well bom men, and to the instinct for preservation which all beings feel. That was why nearly all Tograth's readers were thunder - struck, aghast, and wanted to lose no occasion to obliterate poets who, because of the great numbers of prizes they received were the subjects of the jealousy of all classes of the population. The majority of the newspapers advocated that the government take measures leading to the prohibition of all poetry prizes. In the evening, in a later edition of La Voix, the agricultural 155 chemist, Horace Tograth, published a new article which like the other telephoned or telegraphed everywhere, carried popular emotion to a climax in the press, among the public and the governments. The scientist concluded as follows: "World, choose between thy life and poetry; if serious measures are not taken, civilization is done for. Thou must not hesitate. From tomorrow on begins the new era. Poetry will exist no longer, the lyres too heavy for old inspirations will be broken. The poets will be massacred." During the night, life went on just as usual in all the cities of the globe. The article, telegraphed everywhere, had been published in the special editions of the local newspapers and snatched up by the hungry public. The people all sided with Tograth. Ringleaders descended into the streets and, mingling with the aroused mobs, ex - cited them further. But most governments held sittings that very night and passed legislation which provoked an indescribable en - thusiasm. France, Italy, Spain and Portugal decreed that all poets established on their territory should be imprisoned at once pending the determination of their lot. It was cabled that the United States of America had decided to electrocute any man who avowed his profession to be that of poetry. In fact, all of the States on earth, even those who possessed nothing but meager little bards lacking in all lyricism took measures against the very name of poetry. Only England and Russia were exceptions. The laws went into effect the next day, while the literary magazines appeared all garbed in black, lamenting the new terror. Dispatches toward noon told how Aris - tenetius Southwest, the great negro poet of Haiti had been cut into pieces and devoured by an infuriated populace of negroes and mulat - toes. At Cologne, the Kaiserglocke had sounded all night and in the morning Herr Professor Doktor Stimmung, author of a medieval epic in forty-eight cantos, having gone out to take the train for Hanover, was set upon by a troop of fanatics who beat him with sticks crying: "Death to the poet!" He took refuge in the cathedral and remained locked in there with a few beadles, by the excited population of Drikkes, Hanses, and Marizibills. These last particularly, were beside themselves with rage, invoking the Virgin, Saint Ursula and the Three Royal Magi in platdeutsch. Their paternosters and pious oaths were interspersed with admirably vile insults to the professor-poet, who owed his rep - utation chiefly to the unisexuality of his morals. His head to the 156 ground, he was nearly dying of fear under the big wooden statue of Saint Christopher. Telegrams everywhere announced the arrests of poets, one after another, and the electrocution of the American poets was made known early in the afternoon. In Paris, several young poets of the left bank, who had been spared on account of their lack of notoriety, organized a demon - stration extending from the Closerie des Lilas to the Couriergerie, where the "prince of poets" was imprisoned.* Troops arrived to disperse the demonstrators. The cavalry charged. The poets drew their firearms and defended themselves but the people rushed in and took a hand in the melee. The poets were strangled and everyone else who came to their defense. Thus began the great persecution which swept rapidly through - out the entire world. In America, after the electrocution of the famous poets, they lynched all the negro minstrels and even many persons who had never in their lives written a rhyme; then they fell upon the whites of literary Bohemia. It was learned that Tograth, after having personally directed the persecution in Australia, had em - barked at Melbourne. XVII ASSASSINATION Like Orpheus, all the poets felt violent death staring them in the face. Everywhere, publishers had been pillaged and collections of verse burnt. The admiration of all went out to this Horace Tograth who, from far off Adelaide (Australia), had succeeded in unloosing this storm which seemed destined to destroy poetry forever. This man's knowledge, they said, bordered on the miraculous. He could drive away clouds or bring on rain anywhere he pleased. Women, once they had seen him were ready to do his bidding. For the rest, he did not disdain either feminine or masculine virginities. As soon as Tograth had seen what enthusiasms he had evoked in the whole world, he announced that he would visit the principal cities of the globe, after Australia had been rid of its erotic and elegiac poets. And indeed some time later uprisings of the population were heard * Paul Fort, broad-brimmed black hat, was in Apollinaire's time an inveterate frequenter of the Closerie, two blocks west along the Boulvard Montparnasse from the Cafe Rotonde, where Apollinaire and his circle held forth.—Tr. 157 of in Tokio, Pekin, Yakutsk, Calcutta, Buenos Ayres, San Francisco, Chicago, upon the appearance of the terrible German, Tograth. Wherever he went, he left an unearthly impression on account of his "miracles," (which he called scientific), and his extraordinary heal - ings, all of which lifted his repute as a scientist and a thaumaturgist to sublime heights. On May 30, Tograth disembarked at Marseilles. The people were massed along the quays; Tograth landed from the steamer in a launch. No sooner was he recognized than cries, shouts, toasts, from innumerable gullets mingled with the sound of the wind, the waves and the sirens of the vessels. Tograth, tall and thin, was stand - ing up in the launch. As it approached the land, the features of the hero could be distinguished more and more clearly. His face was smooth-shaven and blue, his mouth almost lipless, disfigured by an ugly cut; he had a receding chin which gave him the appearance, one might have said, of a shark. His brow rose straight up, very high and very large. Tograth was dressed in a pasty white costume, his shoes also being white and high-heeled. He wore no hat. As soon as he placed his foot upon the soil of Marseilles the furor of the crowd rose to such heights that when the quays were cleared three hundred people were found dead, strangled, trampled, crushed. Several men seized the hero and raised him upon their shoulders while they sang and shouted, and women threw flowers at him all the way to the hotel where a suite had been prepared for him and managers, interpreters and bell-boys were waiting to greet him. On the same morning, Croniamantal coming from Briinn had arrived at Marseilles to look for Tristouse who had been there since the evening before with Paponat. All three mingled in the crowd which acclaimed Tograth before the hotel where he was to stop. "Happy tumult," said Tristouse, "You are not a poet, Paponat, you have learned things which are worth infinitely more than poetry. Is it not true, Paponat, that you are in no way a poet?" "Indeed, my dear," replied Paponat, "I have rhymed at times in order to amuse myself, but I am not a poet, I am an excellent business man and no one knows better than I how to manage an estate." "Tonight you must mail a letter to La Voix of Adelaide; you must tell them all that, and so you will be safe." "I shall not fail to do that," said Paponat. "Did you ever hear of such a thing, a poet! That goes for Croniamantal." 158 "I hope to God," said Tristouse, "that they will massacre him in Briinn where he expects to find us." "But there he is right now," whispered Paponat. "He is in the crowd. He is hiding himself and hasn't seen us." "I wish they would hurry up and massacre him," sighed Tris - touse. "I have an idea that that will happen soon." "Look," exclaimed Paponat, "here comes the hero." The cortege which accompanied Tograth having arrived at the hotel, they permitted him to descend from their shoulders. Tograth turned to the crowd and addressed them: "Marseilles, in thanking you I could employ, if I wished, com - pliments that are fatter than your world-renowned sardines. I could, if I wished, make a long speech. But words will never quite en - compass the magnificence of the reception which you have accorded me. I know that there are maladies in your midst that I might heal not only with my knowledge but with that which scientists have ac - cumulated for myriads of years. Bring forth the sick, and I shall heal them." A man whose cranium was as bald as that of an inhabitant of Mycona cried: "Tograth! god-like mortal, all puissant savaniissimo! Give me a luxuriant mane of hair." Tograth smiled and asked that the man approach him; then he touched the denuded head, saying: "Thy sterile pate shall be covered with an abundant vegetation, but remember always this favor by hating the laurel." At the same time as the bald man, a little girl approached. She implored Tograth: "Sweet man, sweet man, look at my mouth, my lover with a blow of his fist has broken several teeth, return them to me." The scientist smiled and put his finger into her mouth, saying: "Now thou canst chew, thou hast excellent teeth. But in return, show us what thou hast in thy bag." The girl laughed, opening her mouth in which the new teeth gleamed; then she opened her bag, excusing herself: "What a funny idea, before everybody! Here are my keys, here an enamelled photograph of my lover; he really looks better than that." But the eyes of Tograth were greedy; he had perceived all folded up in her bag several Parisian songs, rhymed and set to 159 Viennese airs. He took these papers and after having scrutinized them, asked: "These are nothing but songs, have you no poems?" "I have a very lovely one," said the girl. "It was the bell-boy of the Hotel Victoria wrote it for me before he left for Switzerland. But I never showed it to Sossi." And she proffered Tograth a little rose sheet of paper on which was written a pathetic acrostic. "It is not only poetry," exclaimed Tograth, "it is idiotic." And he tore up the paper and threw it into the ditch, while the girl knocked her teeth in fright and cried: "Sweet man, good man, I did not know that it was bad." Just then Croniamantal advanced close to Tograth and apos - trophized the crowd: "Carrion, assassins!" They burst into laughter. They yelled: "Into the water with him, the rat." And Tograth, looking Croniamantal in the face, said: "My good brother, let not my affluence disturb you. As for me, I love the people, even though I stop at hotels which they do not frequent." The poet let Tograth talk, then he continued to address the crowd: "Carrion, laugh at me, your joys are numbered, each one of them will be torn from you one by one. And do you know, o people, what your hero is?" Tograth smiled and the crowd became all attention. The poet continued: "Your hero, o populace, is Boredom bringing Misery." A cry of astonishment issued from all the throats. Women crossed themselves. Tograth wanted to speak, but Croniamantal seized him suddenly by the neck, threw him to the ground and held him there with his foot on the man's chest, while he spoke: "It is Boredom and Misery, the monstrous enemy of man, the Behemoth glutted with debauchery and rape, dripping the blood of marvellous poets. He is the vomit of the Antipodes, and his miracles deceive the clairvoyant no more than the miracles of Simon the Magi did the Apostles. Marseillais, Marseillais, woe that you whose an - cestors come from the most purely lyrical land, should unite with the enemies of poetry, with the barbarians of all the nations. What a strange miracle, this, of the German returned from Australia! To 160 have imposed it upon the world and to have been for a moment stronger than creation itself, stronger than immortal poetry." But Tograth who was able to extricate himself at last, arose, soiled with dust and drunk with rage. He asked: "Who are you?" "Who are you, who are you?" cried the crowd. The poet turned toward the east and in exalted tones said: "I am Croniamantal, the greatest of living poets. I have often seen God face to face, I have borne the divine rapture which my human eyes tempered. I was born in eternity. But the day has come, and I am here before you." Tograth greeted these last words with a terrible burst of laughter, and the first ranks of the crowd seeing Tograth laugh, took up his laughter, which, in bursts, in rolls, in trills, was soon communicated throughout the entire populace, even to Paponat and Tristouse Bal - lerinette. All of the open mouths yawned at Croniamantal, who be - came ill at ease. Interspersed with the laughter were shouts of: "Into the water with the poet! . . . Burn him, Croniamantal! ... To the dogs with him, lover of the laurel!" A man who was in the first ranks and carried a heavy club gave Croniamantal a blow, causing him to make a painful grimace which doubled the merriment of the crowd. A stone, accurately thrown, struck the nose of the poet and drew blood. A fish merchant forced his way through the mob and, confronting Croniamantal, said: "Hou! the raven. I remember you, all right, you're a policeman who wanted to pass for a poet; there, cow; take that, story teller." And he gave him a terrific slap, spitting in his face. The man whom Tograth had cured of alopecia came to him and said: "Look at my hair, is it a false miracle or not?" And lifting his cane, he thrust it so adroitly that he gouged out Croniamantal's right eye. Croniamantal fell over backward, women threw themselves upon him and beat him. Tristouse jumped up and down with joy, while Paponat tried to calm her. But she went over and with the end of her umbrella stuck out Croniamantal's other eye, while he, seeing her in this last moment of sight, cried: "I confess my love for Tristouse Ballerinette, the divine poesy that consoles my soul." "Shut up, vermin!" cried the crowd of men, "there are ladies here." The women went away soon, and a man who was balancing a 161 large knife on his open hand threw it in such a way that it landed right in the open mouth of Croniamantal. Other men did the same thing. The knives stuck in his belly, his chest, and soon there was nothing more on the ground than a corpse bristling with points like the husk of a chestnut. XVIII APOTHEOSIS Croniamantal dead, Paponat brought Tristouse Ballerinette back to the hotel, where she relapsed into nervous fainting-spells. They were in a very old building and by chance Paponat discovered, wrapped up in cardboard, a bottle of water of the Queen of Hungary which dated from the 1 7th Century. This remedy worked rapidly. Tristouse recovered her senses and immediately went to the hospital to claim the body of Croniamantal which was turned over to her without delay. She arranged a decent burial for him and placed over his tomb a stone on which there was engraved the following epitaph: Walk lightly and your silence keep, To leave untroubled his good sleep. Then she went back to Paris with Paponat who soon left her for a mannequin of the Champs-Elysees. Tristouse did not regret him very long. She went into mourning for Croniamantal and climbed up to the Montmartre, to the Bird of Benin's who began to pay court to her, and after he had what he desired they began to talk of Croniamantal. "I ought to make a statue to him," said the Bird of Benin, "For I am not only a painter but also a sculptor." "That's right," said Tristouse, "we must raise a statue to him." "Where?" asked the Bird of Benin; "The government will not grant us any ground. Times are bad for poets." "So they say," replied Tristouse, "but perhaps it isn't true. What do you think of the Meudon woods?" "I thought of that, but I dared not say it. Let's go to the Meudon woods." "A statue of what?" asked Tristouse, "Marble? Bronze?" "No, that's old fashioned. I must model a profound statue out of nothing, like poetry and glory." 162 "Bravo! Bravo!" cried Tristouse clapping her hands, "A statue out of nothing, empty, that's lovely, and when will you make it?" "Tomorrow, if you wish; we shall go and dine, pass the night together, and in the morning we shall go to the Meudon woods where I shall make this profound statue." No sooner said, than done. They went and dined with the elite of the Montmartre, returned to sleep at midnight and on the next morning at nine oclock, after having armed himself with a pick-axe, a spade, a shovel and some boasting-chisels, they took the road for the pretty Meudon woods, where they met the Prince of Poets, ac - companied by his little friend, quite happy over the pleasant days he had spent in the City-prison. Then they had lunch on the grass. The afternoon was devoted by the Bird of Benin to sculpturing the interior of the monument to Croniamantal. On the following day, the sculptor came back with workingmen who fixed up an armed cement wall, six inches broad on top, and eighteen inches broad at the base, so that the empty space had the form of Croniamantal, and the hole was full of his specter. On the next day, the Bird of Benin, Tristouse, the Prince of Poets and his little friend came back to the statue which was heaped up with earth which they had gathered here and there, and at night - fall they planted a fine laurel tree, while Tristouse Ballerinette danced and sang: No one loves thee thou art lying Palantila Mila Mima When he was lover to the queen He was king while she was queen 'Tis true, 'tis true that I love him Croniamantal way down in the pit Can that be right Let us gather the sweet marjoram At night. Guillaume Apollinaire (Translated by Matthew Josephson) Charles Sheeler Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler Bucks County Barn 165 "A BOIRE! A BOIRE!" Gargantua shouted it when he came fat and ruddy tumbling into that bright and wine-glorious country of France. And though I too have bellowed his radiant and congenial war-cry, perhaps with not so large a throat but with at least as thirsty a one, I have received no answer in this measly land of prohibition but the flurried reproaches of old temperance trots or a rancid sermon or two from some blarting minister. But such gratuitous hot air has brought me no nearer to a liberal bottle of old Burgundy or to a cool, silent, contemplative stein of Miinchener Beer than it has to Paradise. For it is a shocking truth that this country is so lousy and over - run with efficiency hounds, moralizing nitwits, and rubber-heel re - formers that a man can hardly lick a postage stamp in public without being haled into court for indecent exposure. As for drinking, or any other of those joyful arts that make life something more than pulling down a fat salary in a mill or breeding a large and hopeless swarm of children, they have eternally disappeared. For this virulent pesti - lence of busy-bodies is ever on the alert to descend on any human pleasure and despoil it. Being psychopaths whose minds are of an inordinate filth, they can imagine no vice more horrible than that of living, and would rather a man work himself pie-eyed in a sweat-shop or yodel himself cuckoo in a church choir than to see him loaf some sunny afternoon with a few friends, an accordion, and a keg of beer. But I am more interested in art than I am in fools, and if Amer - icans not only insist on swallowing everything these busy vice-sniffers sling them, but also continue to believe that it is every man's bounden duty to make himself as unhappy as possible for the good of an un - happy many, then all I can say is "God Bless Them," and pass on. If I remember correctly, prohibition has been scourging this country for the past four years. Probably more. It seems at least a decade since I last wet my whistle with anything approaching good liquor. For although the bootleg industry is as highly organized as any of Henry Ford's machine shops, the liquor it dispenses is not only so doctored, dyed and cut with spurious acids as to make its consumption almost a question of suicide, but its cost is so far beyond the reach of an average human pocketbook that only those fortunate mortals who are endowed both with untold wealth and a celluloid stomach dare to consume it. 166 Indeed it is an unhappy enough condition for any human Ameri - can, but particularly for those writers who, in maintaining their artistic integrity, must forever be on the verge of taking the Franciscan vow of poverty. For though of old, Beer was the poor man's Freud, it has now become an inaccessible salvation, and the honest writer being unable to find any alcoholic release for his complexes or his simplexes, his auto-, klepto-, hydro-, or nympho-manias, must either repress them in silence or find expression for them in his art. As for me I should regret either of these eventualities, and should be as pained to find my friends gargling tea with a flock of inhibited females as I would to find them limiting their literary subject matter to the romantic ex - ploits of a shop-lifter, a whoremonger, or a water fiend. For ignoring its demoralizing influence on the pubic or public mind such a literature would be merely that infantile volitionism against which my friend Mr. Kenneth Burke has propounded many unanswerable arguments. But enough of manias, repressions, complexes, hebephrenia. Such talk will not get a man an honest snootful, and though when the sky falls we will all catch larks, there is slight chance of that ever happen - ing in the U. S. A. Let us consider this frustrating problem rationally. Of solutions there appear to be three: Expatriation, Rustication and The Catacombs. I will however pass over the first, Expatriation, rapidly, believing as I do that the problem of prohibition should be faced and not run away from. The second, Rustication, is at present among writers one of the more popular solutions. It consists in retiring to some wilder - ness where, securely cloistered against the incursions of snooping rum - agents, the writer may brew such liquors and in such quantities as he may desire. But such a troglodytic life implies an almost total loss of personal contact with his fellow craftsmen, and though it is at times advisable to play one's lonely flute in some sequestered nook or covert, such self-inflicted solitude inevitably leads a writer to take both himself and his technique with too astringent a seriousness. The third and last solution of which I will speak is one suggested in a recent issue of the Dial; the Catacombs. These catacombs or crypts which presumably are to be burrowed under some American cathedral such as the Woolworth Building or the Bush Terminal, are to be utilized according to the Dial by such writers who in renouncing the questionable virtue of Quantity Production have found themselves at loggerheads with the Capitalist System. To the catacombs these writers will then repair, and publishing their intransigeant volumes of prose or verse upon the presses supplied them, will, in the early hours 167 of morning, distribute them upon the brown-stone stoops of the Fifties. Though I heartily agree with the spirit of this suggestion, it does not go far enough. Let us have catacombs by all means, but let us not use them to so sad a purpose. Let us not make monasteries of them. Let us, instead of filling them with type, fill them with good liquor. Let us conceal within the bowels of our crypt all manner of strong drink. Let us fill our catacombs with rum and whiskey, with the wines of Bordeaux and Burgundy, with Hennesy's Five Star Cognac, with Vermouth and Grenadine, with Holland Gin, Sauterne, and Bass's Ale, with Chartreuse Jaune, Benedictine and Vieux Marc, with Champagne, with barrel upon barrel of Miinchener Beer, with Asti Spumanti and name-your-own, with Chianti and Green River Rye, with Moulin a Vent 1912, with Nebiolo, Swedish Punch and Chateau Yquem, with Vodka, Sherry and Lachrymae Christi, with all the merry, belly-warming, soul-stirring, and mind-ennobling drinks of this wet and reeling earth. And there ensconced some evening among our kegs and our bottles, send down to us, O Mr. William H. Anderson, your roaring wind-pots and spittle-tossers. Let them fill up to their pop-eyes with all the non-alcoholic belly-wash of New York, but let my hearty roistering comrades fortify themselves with a few neat shots of old Bourbon or a brace of cool schooners, and I assure you, though your barnstormers pick their own subjects, that my friends will so ham - string and hobble them with arguments of wit, ridicule and logic that by the end of a half hour your proselyting roarers will be more bleary eyed with confusion than a styful of stuck pigs. For I have seen my friends so jingled with good liquor they could not walk, yet withal so adroit and nimble in their wit, so lucid and eloquent in their thought, that merely to overhear their discourses was worth a library of books or a whole band-wagon of lecturing professors. But we will not trifle away our time with blubber-mouths and prohibitionists. Our time will be passed in those sports and occupations for which God in His infinite mercy has placed man upon this earth. So, pledging our minds and our hearts to drinking and creating, with a pen in one hand and a mug of beer in the other, we will make a bright havoc of this our puritanical land, impregnating its fallow womb with our lusty children. Slater Brown 168 HOW MANY MILES TO BABYLON? How many miles to Babylon? Threescore miles and ten. Can I gel there by candle-light? Yes, and back again. This nursery rhyme has won the eulogies of R. L. Stevenson and Mr. Walter de la Mare, among other distinguished poets, as being one of the most truly poetic pieces in the language. This appears to be generally accepted, but, when I first came to ask why, the same very insufficient answer was always given. "Oh, I couldn't tell you, I suppose because it's so simple." But I found that when I asked people to think about this poem on the lines of conflicting ideas recon - ciling themselves in symbolism by means of associative thought, they admitted that, on the contrary, it was a poem of extraordinarily subtle and condensed argument. The following is a synthetic version of con - versations on the same subject with several friends, Englishmen and Americans. R. G.: "The first version that I heard of the poem was How many miles to Babyland? Threescore miles and ten {etc.) How does that strike you?" Friend: "It ruins the poem." R. G.: "But suppose lam right in concluding that the rhyme came, like all or nearly all good rhymes, from the Lowland Scots, and Babby Lon' was converted by South Countrymen into a single word? What then?" Friend: " 'Babylon' is the best version in spite of scholiasts." R. G.: "But what does Babylon mean, that Babyland does not mean? Is Babylon a mere remote Timbuctoo, or is it something V' more ? Friend: "For me it has a great sense of magnificence, hanging gardens and all that, but also from the book of Revelation, and from the prophetic books of the Old Testament, it has the suggestion of a wicked power constantly coaxing and threatening the chosen people to destruction. 169 R. G.: "So the poem contrasts childish innocence, as expressed in 'candle-light', with the world, flesh, and devil of 'Babylon'?" Friend: "I suppose so, but there is more than innocence in the candle-light symbol." R. G.: "Loyalty?" Friend: "Yes, loyalty and faith from the ecclesiastical tradition." R. G.: "Then perhaps you would accept this as a tentative analysis of the effect produced in you by the poem: It is a dialogue, the man who has gone astray after the lusts of the flesh and the sophisti - cations of the world addresses a child who lies innocently in bed. When the child asks the question the man feels that, in spite of the child's apparent helplessness and his ignorance of the determinate side of life, he himself with all his strength and worldly wisdom is far inferior in power to the child." Friend: " 'Except ye become as little children' in fact? I admit that I get that feeling, but I don't see where you deduce the 'sophistica - tion' and the 'determinate side of life.' " R. G.: "Well, what if I were to say "How many miles to Babylon? Fourscore miles and six." Is three-score and ten merely an archaic 'seventy'?" Friend: "No, indeed. I see it now. Threescore and ten is the limit on life imposed by the psalmist,. and associated in the memory with 'labour and heaviness.' But what about 'yes, and back again'?" R. G.: "The remnant's return with all its disillusion and de - spondency. My mind rides with Ezra around the circuit of the Soul's Jerusalem and finds all in ruins. The poem takes on fresh significance. 'Keep innocency,' it preaches, 'and you can pass through the Babylon of manhood and return safe and sound with as much ease as in child - hood you visited that magnificent city in your dreams and came back before the candle had burned to its socket.' " Friend: "The old dialogue, then, of body and soul? But I think you have disregarded another buried suggestion in the 'threescore and ten.' Only a remnant attains fourscore, only a remnant wins back from Babylon, and they are both confronted with the hopeless task of repairing a lifetime's damage to their spiritual sense." R. G.: "That improves the argument. Probably Babyland is only a nursery stupidity. That Babylon is the original version seems proved by the interaction of the other symbols too closely for coinci - dence." 170 Friend: "That is likely. Nursery rhymes and fables are the detritus beds of very ancient history and thought." R. G.: "The whole process of romantic poetry is shown in this Babylon rhyme. To read or write poetry is to escape under rhythmic hypnotism to a primitive state of thought in which the oppression of time and space is no longer felt. Poetry is the Lubberland of the legend, where the traveller's mouth needs only to open and food drops from the trees into it, while roasted sucking-pigs run about with knife and fork sticking into their backs, the land where whatever is wanted, IS. Friend: "Would you say that within the limits of the Christian group to whom the associations of Babylon, candle-light, and three - score and ten are common, the poem strikes the same chords in the un - conscious mind?" R. G.: "Not quite. As there are degrees of implication, so there are degrees of perception. There is a common core of experience, cer - tainly, but each individual has, for instance, different personal associ - ations with candle-light, which alter the force of the conflict, whether the candle is thought of more particularly as a friendly charm against darkness, or whether the aspect of the short flickering life of the candle may associate itself more nearly with the threescore and ten idea. An unfortunate identification of Babylon with the Church of Rome would make candle-light into a Popish attribute, and make havoc of the sense. That shows the insecurity of the appeal, even in poems most universally accepted as achieving their end." Robert Graves 171 SOTO AND THE NEW WORLD Courage is strength—and you are vigilant, sagacious, firm besides. But I am beautiful —as "a cane box, called petaca, full of unbored pearls." lam beautiful: a city greater than Cuzco; rocks loaded with gold as a comb with honey. Believe it. You will not dare to cease following me —at Apalachi, at Cutifachiqui, at Mabilla, turning from the sea, facing inland. And in the end you shall receive of me, nothing —save one long caress as of a great river passing forever upon your sweet corpse. Balboa lost his eyes on the smile of the Chinese ocean; Cabeca de Vaca lived hard and saw much; Pizarro, Cortez, Coronado —but you, Hernando de Soto, keeping the lead four years in a savage country, against odds, "without fortress or support of any kind," you are mine, Black Jasmine, mine. On Friday, the 30th day of May, in the year 1548, the army, fresh from Cuba, landed in Florida, two leagues from the town of an Indian chief named Ucita. The ground was very fenny and en - cumbered with dense thickets and high trees. From this place, Espiritu Santo, to Anhaica Apalachi, where they wintered that year, the course was north and west, a march of about a hundred leagues—through obscure and intricate parts: native vil - lages in the swamps, Caliquen, Napateca, Hurripacuxi, Paracoxi, Tocaste, Cale —outlandish names. Who will recognize them? None but you. To the rest without definition but to you each a thing in itself, delicate, pregnant with sudden meanings. The way had been difficult: through a great morass, misled, ambuscaded at the fords, fighting, swimming, starving, thankful for a little parched corn, not even ripe, the cob and all being eaten as it was, and the stalk too for want of better. It is de Soto! all goes forward somehow. But lam before you. It is my country on which you are treading. Everything is in ac - cordance with my wish. Eight men start from a thicket, naked and tatooed, your lancers rush upon them, but one falls to his knees crying out, "Do not kill me, lam a Christian!" It is Juan Ortiz, relic of Narvaez' forces, whom I have nursed tenderly for you these twelve years, teaching him the wild language. Witness my love. But I shall take him from you when he is most needed. 172 On Wednesday, the 3rd of March, 1549, the Governor left his winter quarters at Apalachi to seek Yupaha, of which a young slave had told them: a country toward the rising sun, governed by a woman, where there was gold in quantity. Led by the youth they continued to bear east and north in the hope of finding the country of which he had spoke: days, weeks, a month — with small food, such want of meat and salt that often-times, in many places, a sick man would say, "Now, if I had but a slice of meat, or only a few lumps of salt, I should not thus die." But the Indians, skillful with the bow, would get abundance of deer, turkeys, rabbits and other game. Crossing a stream after nine last days of forced marching they came out into a pine grove on the far bank. Here all direction was lost. He went about for the road and returned to us desperate." The Governor had brought thirteen sows to Florida, which had in - creased to three hundred swine; and the maize having failed for three days, he ordered killed daily, for each man, half a pound of pork, on which small allowance, and some boiled herbs, the people with much difficulty lived. From Apalachi to Cutifachiqui, where presently after the greatest hardships they arrived, they had travelled north-east it may be four hundred and thirty leagues. At this place, on the Savanna River, two days' march from the sea, it appeared well to all to make a settlement; but Soto, as it was his object to find another treasure like that of Atabalipa, lord of Peru, would not be content to stay. The natives were asked if they had knowledge of any great lord further on, to which they answered that twelve days' travel thence was a province called Chiaha, subject to a chief of Coga. The Governor then resolved, having rested his army, to go at once in quest of that country, taking with him a quantity of pearls which the cagiqua had given him; and being an inflexible man, and dry of word, who, although he liked to know what the others all thought and had to say, after he had once made up his mind he did not like to be op - posed, and as he ever acted as he thought best, all bent to his will. So they turned north and continued forward until the fall bending about through a quiet country. For you I come severally as envoys from the chief men upon the road, bearing baskets of mulberries, a honey comb, marten skins and the hides of deer, and in calabashes the oil of walnuts and bear fat, drawn like olive oil, clear and of good taste. And what? Silences, death, rotting trees; insects "so that the sails were black with them and 173 the men laughed, in spite of their forlorn condition, to see each others' faces so swollen and out of shape in the morning;" alligators, reptiles, a wild rose "like that of Spain, but with less leaves, because it grew in the woods." Sun, moon, stars, rain, heat, snow; water to the neck for days; blue butterflies among the green palmetto leaves; grapes and others that grow on vines along the ground; plums of two sorts, Vermil - lion and grey, of the form and size of walnuts, having three or four stones in them; wolves, deer, jackals, rabbits, —to make you lonesome, ready for my caresses. "Unprepared, we believed ourselves on a footing of peace, so much so that some of us, putting our arms in the luggage, had gone without any." Then to battle! It is Mabilla, the staked town. It is I, my son, Tuscaloosa; tall of person, muscular, lean and symmetrical. All is you, all is me—one either side. Men, horses, hogs—all goes down in our fury. Now you feel me. Many times I shall drive you back from the palisades. But you come again. What shall Ido to govern that lust—which if it break, lam the most defeated. Those in chains having set down their burdens near the fence, my people lift them on their backs and bring them into the town. Thus, to anger you, I have possession of all the baggage, the clothes, pearls and whatever else you had besides —lost in the conflagration. I am strong! I shall possess you— Oh but I lie. lam weak. I fail. I cannot take you. What are they but savages—who know nothing ? they wound you, they wound you, and every arrow has upon its barbs a kiss from my lips. There is one in your thigh, between the edges of the armor. Thrice you fall before reaching the gate! The fools, madmen. It is into my own flesh, fifty, a hundred times deeper than into yours. And me it kills —but you, though you cannot grip the saddle because of it, you fight standing all day in the stirrups. I divide myself to take you and it is myself that wounds myself, jealous even of your injuries, furious at that sweet touch of your flesh which my tools enjoy but I have—not yet. It is all you. The young Sylvestre fainting on the back track; Pedro Moron diving from the bridge with a shower of arrows about him — swimming to safety; Don Carlos, alighting to pull an arrow from his horse's breast at the stockade, receives one himself, in at the neck, out behind—and falls prostrate — After heaviest losses in men, beasts and possessions they prevailed and of the Indians all were killed, two thousand five hundred more or less, all having fought with the utmost bravery and devotion. 174 The Governor learning that Francisco Maldonado was waiting for him at the port of Ochuse, six days' travel distant, he caused Juan Ortiz to keep the news secret, that he might not be interrupted in his purpose; because the pearls he wished to send to Cuba for show, that their fame might raise the desire of coming to Florida, had been lost and he feared that, hearing of him without seeing gold or silver or other thing of value from that land, it would come to have such a reputation that no one would be found willing to go there when men would be wanted ; so he determined to send no news of himself until he should discover a rich country. So that to Tuscaloosa must be given credit, in effect, for a great victory. On Sunday, the 18th of November, the sick being found to be getting well, the Governor again set out, moving west, to Chicaga, a small town of twenty houses, but well stocked with maize. There he determined to pass the season. The Indians, at peace, came frequently with turkeys and rabbits and other food —but secretly they were plot - ting other matters. Suddenly, on a certain night, the air above the straw roofs is filled with flame. Sentries and the enemy arrive in the town together; a terrific confusion, four columns converging upon the same point. In - dians moving about freely in the town, because of the peace that existed, had that night brought the fire in little pots, not to be seen. Everything is aflame. Men come out naked from their beds. The horses strive to free themselves, some succeed. The hogs squeel and perish. Soto and one other are all that are able to mount. He drives upon an Indian with his lance and transpierces him. His saddle girth, hastily adjusted, slips and he falls. Who will straighten out the confusion in the night? Who will gather the naked and disarmed soldiers, among the smoke, the flames, the noise? The Governor is up. He directs as best he can. But, by luck, the horses dashing about through the smoke, spread terror to the savages who think it the cavalry forming for an atack. Alarmed they escape from the stockade. Naked, armless, acold you draw off, in the morning, to Chicacilla, protecting yourself as best you can —there to retemper the swords and await what will happen. Some are reduced to straw mats for their only cover, lying now this way, now that to the fire, keeping warm as they are able. And for this your people begin to hate you. It is my work. But again lam defeated, your last thought shall be for their safety. Be - cause you have found no gold, only increasing hardships; because of 175 your obstinacy, unexplained, incredible to them—you will be com - pared meanly with far lesser spirits. It is their revenge, making you solitary—ready for my caresses. And if, to survive, you yourself in the end turned native, this victory is sweetest of all. Bitter the need that at Nilco will cause that horrid slaughter: You already sick, in grave danger, thinking of the men. Let them talk, my Indian: I will console you. None but you, the wise, the brave could have answered. At Quizquiz, after struggling seven days through a wilderness having many pondy places, with thick forests, they came out upon the Great River. He went to look at the river: swift and very deep; the water, flowing turbidly, bringing from above many trees and much timber, driven onward by its force. The next day the chief of that country arrived. It is I. Two hundred canoes filled with men having weapons. They were painted with ochre, wearing great bunches of white and other plumes of many colors, having feathered shields in their hands, with which they sheltered the oarsmen on either side, the warriors standing erect from bow to stern, holding bows and arrows. The barge in which the chief came had an awning at the poop under which he sate; and there, from under the canopy, where the chief man was, the course was directed and orders issued to the rest. All came down together, and arrived within a stone's throw of the ravine, whence the chief said to the Governor, who was walking along the river bank, with others who bore him company, that he had come to visit, serve and obey him. The Governor expressed his pleasure, and besought him to land, that they might the better confer; but the chief gave no reply, ordering three barges to draw near, wherein were great quantity of fish, and loaves like bricks, made of pulp of plums, which Soto receiving, gave him thanks and again entreated him to land. Making the gifts had been a pretext, to discover if any harm might be done; but finding the Governor and his people on their guard, the chief began to draw off from the shore, when the cross-bowmen, who were in readiness, with loud cries shot at the Indians, and struck down five or six of them. —Well done, Spaniard! like an Indian. Witness then my answer: They retired with great order, not one leaving the oar, even though the one next to him might have fallen, and covering themselves they withdrew. These were fine looking men, very large and well formed; and what with the awnings, the plumes, and the shields, the pennons, 176 and the number of people in the fleet, it appeared like a famous armada of galleys. During the thirty days that were passed there, four piraguas were built, into three of which one morning, three hours before daybreak, the Governor ordered twelve cavalry to enter, four in each, men in whom he had confidence that they would gain the land notwith - standing the natives and secure the passage or die. So soon as they had come ashore the piraguas returned and when the sun was two hours high, the people had all got over. The distance was nearly half a league: a man standing on the shore could not be told whether he were a man or something else, from the far side. Now you are over, you have straddled me, this is my middle. Left or right, the end is the same. But here in the center lam not defeated. Go wander. Aquixo, Casqui, Pacaha. Take what you will. Clothe your men, yourself you will never clothe save as I clothe you, in my own way. They have suffered, they have gone nearly bare. At Pacaha I have provisioned them in advance. Shawls, deer-skins, lion and bear-skins, and many cat-skins were found. Numbers who had been a long time badly covered here clothed themselves. Of the shawls they made mantles and cassocks. Of the deer skins, were made jerkins, shirts, stockings and shoes; and from the bear skins they made very good cloaks, such as no water could get through. They found shields of raw cowhide out of which armor was made for the horses. Look then, Soto, upon this transformed army— Here forty days and at the end I am beside you once more. Where is she now, Dona Ysobel, your helpmate, years since, in Cuba? The chief of Pacaha bestowed on him two of his sisters telling him that they were tokens of love, for his remembrance, to be his wives. The name of one was Macanoche, that of the other Mochila. They were symmetrical, tall and full: Macanoche bore a pleasant expression; in her manners and features appeared the lady, the other was robust. Ride upon the belly of the waters, building your boats to carry all across. Calculate for the current; the boats move with a force not their own, up and down, sliding upon that female who communicates to them, across all else, herself. And still there is that which you have not sounded, under the boats, under the adventure —giving to all things the current, the wave, the onwash of my passion. So cross and have done with it, you are safe —and I am desolate. But you are mine and I will strip you naked—jealous of every- 177 thing that touches you. Down, down tome —in and under and down, unbeaten, the white kernel, the flame —the flame burning under water, that I cannot quench— I will cause it to be known that you are a brute. Now it is no sea-ringed island, now it is no city in a lake: Come, here is room for search and counter-search. Come, blackbeard, tireless rider, with an arrow in the thigh. I wait for you —beyond the river. Follow me —if you can. Follow me Senor, this is your country. I give it to you. Take it. Here are carriers for your burdens; here are girls for your beds; my best men for adversaries. You have beaten them all. My time is coming: you have seen how they defend their palisades for me; they have driven trees into the ground about their villages. They are men, tall, slim, full of strategies; they come against you naked, with their bows and arrows; they die at the paddles but none quivers. It is me they defend. lam for the brave, for the wise, for the victor. Watch yourself at the fords, at the porches of houses— See how I have fled you, dashing into a lake there to freeze all night, coming forth at dawn, half drowned, my brows hidden in lily leaves. At the sight of your boats, at the breath of your name, the villages are left empty. Nothing can induce the chief to show him - self. All have gone upstream to an island, carrying their goods with them. At the sight of your men in armor terror strikes them; they plunge into the stream, pushing their possessions on little rafts, that escaping in the haste, float down-stream. I have fled, a single man, among my own people but your hounds scenting me out have dragged me down— Now it begins to change. The winter past, at Alimamu, it is the fourth year. At Alimamu Juan Ortiz died, a loss the Governor greatly re - gretted; for, without an interpreter, not knowing whither he was travelling, Soto feared to enter the country, lest he might get lost. The death was so great a hindrance to our going, whether on discovery or out of the country, that to learn of the Indians what would have been rendered in four words, it now became necessary to have the whole day; and oftener than otherwise the very opposite was under - stood to what was asked; so that many times it happened the road travelled one day, or sometimes two or three days would have to be returned over, wandering up and down, lost in the thickets. For four days marching was impossible because of the snow. When that ceased to fall, he travelled three days through a desert, a region so low, so full of lakes and bad passages, that at one time, for 178 a whole day, the travel lay through water up to the knees at places, in others to the stirrups; and occasionally, for the distance of a few paces there was swimming. And he came to Tutelpinco, a town un - tenanted and found to be without maize, seated near a lake that flowed into the river with a great current. Nearer, nearer: Cayas, Quigaltam, Guachoya—thither the Governor determined to go in a few days to learn if the sea was near. On Monday, the 6th day of March, of the year 1542, the Governor set out from Autiamque to seek Nilco, which the Indians said was near the Great River, with the purpose, by going to the sea, to recruit his forces. He had not over three hundred efficient men, nor more than forty horses. Some of the beasts were lame, and useful only in making out a show of a troop of cavalry. At Guachoya he sent Juan de Anasco with eight of the cavalry down the river to discover what population might be there and get what knowledge there was of the sea. He was gone eight days and stated, when he got back, that in all that time he could not travel more than fourteen or fifteen leagues, on account of the great bogs that came out of the river, the canebrakes and thick shrubs that were along the margin, and that he had found no inhabited spot. The river, the river— The Governor sank into a deep despondency at sight of the diffi - culties that presented themselves to his reaching the sea; and, what was worse, from the way in which the men and horses were diminish - ing in numbers, he could not sustain himself in the country without succor. Of that reflection he pined— But before he took to his pallet, he sent a message to the cacique of Quigaltam, to say that he was the child of the sun, and whence he came all obeyed him, rendering him tribute; that he besought him to value his friendship, and to come where he was. By the same Indians the chief replied: As to what you say of your being the child of the sun, if you will cause him to dry up the great river, I will believe you; as to the rest, it is not my custom to visit anyone, but rather all, of whom I have ever heard, have come to visit me, to serve and obey me, and pay me tribute, either voluntarily or by force. If you desire to see me, come where I am; if for peace, I will receive you with especial good will; if for war, I will await you in my town; but neither for you, nor for any man, will I set back one foot. When the messenger returned the Governor was already low, being very ill of fevers. He grieved that he was not in a state to cross 179 the river at once to see if he could not abate that pride; though the stream was already flowing very powerfully, was nearly half a league broad, sixteen fathoms deep, rushing by in a furious torrent, and on either shore were many Indians; nor was his power any longer so great that he might disregard advantages, relying on his strength alone. Every day the Indians of Guachoya brought fish, until they came in such plenty that the town was covered with them. Now the Governor feared to repair the palisades that they might not suppose he stood in awe of them; and, lest the Indians rise, he ordered the slaughter at Nilco, to strike dread into the rest. Conscious that the hour approached in which he should depart this life, Soto commanded that all the king's officers should be called before him, the captains and principal personages, to whom he made a speech. He told them that he was about to go into the presence of God, to give account of all his past life; and since He had been pleased to take him away at such a time, he, His most unworthy ser - vant, rendered Him hearty thanks. He confessed his deep obligations to them all, for their great qualities, their love and loyalty to his person, well tried in suffering of hardship. He begged that they would pray for him. He asked that they would relieve him of the charge he had over them as well as of the indebtedness he was under to them all, as to forgive him any wrongs they may have suffered at his hands. To prevent any divisions that might arise, as to who should command, he begged that they elect a principal person to be governor, and being chosen, they would swear before him to obey; that this would greatly satisfy him, abate somewhat the pains he suffered, and moderate the anxiety of leaving them in a country, they knew not where. Baltasar de Gallegos responded in behalf of all, consoling him with remarks on the shortness of the life of this world, attended as it was by so many toils and afflictions, saying that whom God earliest called away, He showed particular favor; with many other things appropriate to such an occasion; and finally since it pleased the Al - mighty to take him to Himself, amid the deep sorrow which they not unreasonably felt, it was necessary and becoming in him, as in them, to conform to the Divine Will; that as respected the election of a governor, which he ordered, whomsoever his Excellency should name to the command, him would they obey. Thereupon the Governor nominated Luis Moscosco de Alvarado to be his captain-general; 180 when by all those present was he straightway chosen and sworn Governor. The next day, the twenty-first of May, departed this life the magnanimous, the virtuous, the intrepid captain, Don Hernando de Soto, Governor of Cuba and Adelantado of Florida. He was ad - vanced by fortune, in the way she is wont to lead others, that he might fall the greater depth; he died in a land, and at a time, that could afford him little comfort in his illness, when the danger of being no more heard from stared his companions in the face, each one him - self having need of sympathy, which was the cause why they neither gave him companionship nor visited him, as otherwise they would have done. Some were glad— It was decided to conceal what had happened, lest the Indians might venture on an attack when they should learn that he whom they feared was no longer opposed to them. So soon as death had taken place, the body was put secretly in a house, where it remained three days: thence it was taken by night to the gate of the town and buried within. The Indians having seen him ill, finding him no longer, suspected the reason ; and passing by where he lay, they observed the ground loose and looking about talked among themselves. This coming to the knowledge of Luis de Mos - cosco he ordered the corpse to be taken up at night, and among the shawls that enshrouded it having cast abundance of sand, it was taken out in a canoe and committed to the middle of the stream. Down, down, this solitary sperm, down into the liquid, the form - less, the insatiable belly of sleep; down among the fishes: there was one called bagre, the third part of which was head, with gills from end to end, and along the sides were great spines, like very sharp awls, there were some in the river that weighed from a hundred to a hundred and fifty pounds. There were some in the shape of barbel; another like bream, with the head of a hake, having a color between red and brown. There was likewise a kind called peel-fish, the snout a cubit in length, the upper lip being shaped like a shovel. Others were like a shad. There was one called pereo the Indians sometimes brought, the size of a hog and had rows of teeth above and below. Luis de Moscosco ordered the property of the Governor to be sold at public cry. It consisted of two male and three female slaves, three horses, and seven hundred swine. From that time forward most of the people owned and raised hogs. William Carlos Williams Flowers Charles Sheeler Charles Sheeler African Musical Instrument 183 SIXTH POEM Here comes, stirred by its own intrinsic power The accolated chalice of my hate, Balanced on staggering steps . . . jewelled steps That leave a red print on the pavements of my heart: It is tilted at the place, on the bolus I have created, A symbolic mass of granite. . . Its thick sweet upsets with a scream Dancing a scalding saraband over the tepid democracy of my race; I lie calmly awake among the clouds, watching; My left thigh resting warmly in the last sunset, My head in the dapper moonlight of a dying world. The swirling intense die under the flush of my hate, The splendid sluggish picturesque waves settling, Lowering, into extremely slow wavelets. . . The sombre swell rising and falling with histrionic affecta - tion. I myself, alone, The woof remembered and the forgotten warp Picked up and basely fondled, kissed and bathed in maudlin, Lonely smiles. Starkly, I arise calmly. . . Standing up with the broken threads, (tottering to and fro with intense sarcasm) Grasp the slimed bolus in five places Placing it besides the shattered chalice. Sinking back among the clouds with closed eyes I dutifully purse my lips for a kiss fulgent with death and unabated content. Wilfrid H. Bendall 184 BOOK REVIEWS GREAT AMERICAN NOVELS The Great American Novel, by William Carlos IVilliams. Paris. The Three Mountain Press. Cane, b\) Jean Toomer. Nexe Yorfy. Boni and Liveright. $2.00. "Of all the ways of beginning a book which are now in practice throughout the known world, I am confident my own way of doing it is best ... for I begin with writing the first sentence and trusting to Almighty God for the second." In this way Laurence Sterne set out to write Tristram Shandy which is perhaps The Great English Novel. And William Carlos Williams, by what can scarcely be called a coincidence, is off in the same direction to make The Great Amer - ican Novel. Dr. Williams is obsessed by the word. To make words play, or to be at mercy of their play. This is the only reality the artist in literature knows. "If there is progress then there is a novel," he says in the first chapter. "One must begin with words if one is to write. ... It is words that must progress." And soon: "What difference is it whether I make the words or take the words? . . . There cannot be a novel. There can only be pyramids, pyramids of words, tombs. The words paint the background of America. Now we are gaping at the outline of Manhattan from the factory laden meadows of New Jersey; now we are brooding with the discoverers over a new ocean or an unknown province. In pyramids Williams heaps up his America. He knows her national accent; her speech, her credulities, her prejudices burn in his ears. He is terribly sincere. Perhaps the only one, and so much so that his honesty drives him to the ground, where one begins with words. All other moderns write constantly to belie their experiences and their personalities, to be artists. (And yet some absurd person accuses Williams of "pose.") At their best his dissociations have a necessity about them that is more satisfying than causality. At their worst we are simply in the wilderness of modern art. We know in our deepest conscience that 185 words are all we have, and that if our sensibilities be acute enough (as naturalists learn the speech of birds) they will lead us into their own game and we will learn. Toomer is close to his soil, his book is dripping of the Negro South, and beyond this, he writes with a prodigious intensity of sight and hearing. Hitherto this unconsciously gifted race has expressed itself in America through a superb folk-music and folk-poetry. Cane is unique in that it is the expression of an artist working deliberately in the literary medium, young, headstrong, unreserved, but ultimately faithful. The hysteria, the passion, the madness and the great sweetness of his negroes recalls Dostoyevski and his possessed Russian char - acters. In the many moments of most perfect insight which occur in the book, these people speak and move with the same awful sense of revelation, and catharisis. In a mood of great fear, Ralph Kabnis speaks to himself: "Come now, Ralph, go in and make yourself go to sleep. Come now ... in the door . . . that's right. Put the poker down. There. All right. Slip under the sheets. Close your eyes. Think nothing ... a long time . . . nothing, nothing. Don't even think nothing. Blank. Not even blank. Count. No, you mustn't count. Nothing . . . blank . . . nothing . . . blank . . . space without stars in it. No, nothing . . . nothing ... "Kabnis sleeps. The winds, like soft voiced vagrant poets sing: White -man's land Niggers sing. Burn, bear black children Till poor rivers bring Rest and sweet glory In Camp Ground." This is remarkable sensuous writing. The lyric is unaffected and spontaneous poetry, and there are others in the book, such as Karintha and Seventh Street which startle by their unrestrained passion or anger. The stories, sketches and lyrics which compose the books have been arranged with some attempt at architectural unity. But this is beside the point. At bottom Toomer is fiercely emotional, vigorous —and how often one has wailed at the lack of energy in contemporary writers —at times fearfully impolite, by standards of recent English 186 schools. Perhaps it were better for Toomer to follow his five or six senses rather than search for cerebral super-forms. Once he has for - gotten his lessons in psychoanalysis and unanimisme his own sensibilities will determine the simple artistic forms which will contain his huge spouting pages of American prose. M. J. History of Magic and Experimental Science in the First to the Thir - teenth Century of Our Era, by Lyn Thorndike; 2 volumes. New York• The Macmillan Co. $10.00. We have all, at one time or another, smiled significantly over the fact that astronomy is a development from astrology; chemistry from alchemy; and so on. Humorous pedants have seen in this nothing more than an application of current homiletics, the "poor boy to president" stuff. Lowly alchemy became chemistry to help Dupont manufacture Pyrahn. It is doubtful whether Dr. Thorndike himself has escaped from this attitude, wholly; but his book is so rich, is such a generous gathering of fascinating knowledge that he can be forgiven. In effect the book is a sequel to Frazer's Golden Bough in reveal - ing the primitive background of human achievements in science, and general culture. Although it halts at the thirteenth century, it explains the Ku Klux Klan and Raymond Duncan quite as capably as it does the awe of the Greek Herodotus over the mysteries of Osiris. The book should be very helpful in one way, probably uninten - tionally so. If magic was the science of the world up to the thirteenth century, it should be equally clear that our own science, to which we are no less respectful than Voodoo devotees to their Mumbo-Jumbo, is the magic of our time. Our magic it is true is becoming more and more plausible and exact. One could hardly ask more of a book than a twofold illumination like this. I. s. Faint Perfume, by Zona Gale. New York• D. Appleton and Com - pany. $1.75. A mild and somewhat passive sensitivity in contact with life's in - nocuous commonplaces yields two primary states: a poignance, and an awareness proportioned to the degree of sensitivity. Faint Perfume the story of a delicate woman shunted temporarily into the family of a Gideonite, receiving her love experience in their midst, is less success - ful in realizng the first than the second of these. The book is emotion- 187 ally thin, and curiously without body. Hence the impacts, frictions, and distress that it should generate never really move one. Though the boy, Oliver, responding in the spontaneous manner of childhood to life's quick shifts from ioy to pain, is satisfying in this respect. But the positive feature of this novel is the delicate awareness that illumines its pages. Particularly, the awareness that springs into being with the love episode. It is a fine thing in these days to be reminded and convinced that the contact of a man and a woman can result in something beyond sex conflict; in an expansion, in an intensification of life generally. And it is pleasant in current fiction to read such state - ments of inner and outer relationship as these: "Leda was shaken by an abrupt sense that they were one creature, as if each had extensions of being which had fused in something finer than light and color, had become one con - sciousness." "At this she laughed, thinking how in his pres - ence one became multiplied, arrived at more being. But she was afraid to tell him so. Not afraid of him essentially, but rather of -his external and worldly self, the guest of that house." "How is anyone to survive talk which leaves one physically faint from its unconscious breaches of decency?" "It was an intense affirmation to sit there saying nothing." In fact, the fault and fineness of the book lie in just this: that it gives the reality of perception rather than that of dimensional experi - ence; that its movement is achieved by no motors below the level of sensitized perception. If the following quotation be taken as the central idea of Faint Perfume: "There awaited her that new horror, new by only a few thousand years, which attends on the emergence of sen - sibility: The new horror of an isolated sensibility wared upon by the still insensible flesh of the race from which it rises." then it may be concluded that while this sensibility is given, the horror, the emotion is not realized. J. T. 188 Tennyson, by Harold Nicolson. Boston, Houghton Mifflin Company. $4.00. Tennyson has been under-estimated by the present generation. Hav - ing been adulated as a thinker and prophet by his own age, the present has come to ignore even the technical excellences of the mans writing. Mr. Harold Nicolson's critical biography is an elaborate and severe appraisal of the Poet Laureate. Steeping ourselves in Tennyson, we observe how he was "influenced by the contemporary demand for calm elevation and for human sentiment. His mother's fondness for Felicia Hemans could not fail to leave a tremulous impression; the society of the young ladies at Horncastle, the type of verses which these young ladies expected and received ..." Tennyson's case is epitomized by Mr. Nicolson as of a subjective poet, "forced however justifiably, into a perpetual straining after ob - jective expression." Tennyson should perhaps have been a volcanic poet, if his loose and floundering youth had been built upon as theatri - cally as Byron's. What is admirable in that phase of Tennyson's writings which still may appeal to us is the accuracy with which he worked. His method was reasonable, and he was evidently possessed of great mechanical curiosity. Thus his letters and notes furnish evidence of the precision and authority with which he went at his versification. An unfavorable review of one of Tennyson's early volumes caused the Laureate to lapse into a ten years' silence. This episode may be numbered among the many, by now, quaint and archaic mannerisms of the Victorian era which so amuse our own generation. Having been accused, among other things, of a "shallow meta - physics," Tennyson, during his seclusion, set himself an exacting program: Monday History, German Tuesday Chemistry, German Wednesday Botany, German Thursday Electricity, German Friday Animal Physiology, German Saturday Mechanics Sunday Geology Thus, Tennyson eventually became immensely popular—a best seller in fact. The biographer does not succeed in making of Tennyson a sym - pathetic and imposing figure. One doubts whether he really tried to, 189 or that it mattered much. Instead, he seizes, profitably and with much shrewdness the most illuminating details of the Laureate s career. The book forms a keen and sensitive revaluation of Tennyson. Cups of Illusion, by Henry Bellamann. Boston. Houghton, Mifflin Company. $1.50. Mr. Bellamann is a more painstaking poet than are most our contemporaries. His training is excellent, and his regard for the laws, his sound ear and eye are gratifying. At his best his observations take the form of direct statement as in"The Return": I have been very conscious of the hills warming their soft round backs in the April sun, or in "Hedges," which is the most firmly carved poem in his book: Hedges have good manners . . . Things grow in rows. Weak things bloom free— Certain slow and strong things Wait the gardener's passing. Having recorded his certain delicate sensations in an impressionistic manner, Mr. Bellamann is finished. At his indifferent best, the verses lack energy, and are notably wanting in those robust spiritual qualities that larger poets are made of. Let us have done with this facile hedonism which the American poetry movement has been nourish - ing, and whereby poetry becomes the fragmentary record of the more subtle experiences of the senses. How far can one go, oh how far, with the business of being "suggestive" and not echo all the other suggestive poets who have been professionally "suggestive" in a yearly volume for these past twelve years? 190 COMMENT WEEK END PAINTERS The prodigious spread of that costly urban pastime, painting, as a country sport in the course of the summer months must be cheering to pigment grinders and color vendors of a complacent creed. Gate receipts to the meets held sporadically from Woodstock to Taos and from Monhegan to Santa Barbara are not as yet exorbitantly taxed. Painting, not so long ago classified with ping-pong and other mildly exhilarating games for girlish gentlemen and unprepossessing masculine young ladies, is on the way to becoming a major American summer sport. The exhibitions presented this past season by the Woodstock As - sociation may be considered together a fair specimen of the efforts of these new growths in process of formation. It incorporates individuals who have either been members of, or who hold strong affiliations with, other summer associations. It possesses an obsolete tradition, owing to its having been the summer seat of the most productive American academic factory, presumably moved elsewhere, but certainly still actively flourishing in three or more local schools. New York witnesses, among others, two yearly exhibitions: the Independents and the American Painters and Sculptors. The latter has a jury, an unimportant incumbrance in contradistinction to the former free-for-all at eight or ten dollars a head. These two shows last winter included what was found more fittingly in smaller quantity within the Woodstock Gallery. The Painters and Sculptors contribute * A George Bellows B Henry Macfee C. ...... • • • John F. Carlson D Charles Rosen E • Unknown F Andrew Dasburg C Eleanor Rixon H Eugene Speicher 191 a half dozen painters, men in the limelight, because of their dexterity in rounding out semi-pleasing portraits, landscapes, and occasional still-lifes for their casual and not too exacting followers. The de - corative value of dead fish on a silver platter or a bowl of rubber fruit is at least questioned by the picture purchasing public, today. These individuals have been heralded far too long a time as younger painters of worth, even though their youth is no longer in evidence. Our most delightful non-comprehending public grants them prestige, since they possess the ability to catch a yearly medal or honorable mention from a defunct group of academicians who maintain a Eu - ropean or two of reputation to give them the semblance of officialdom. Their endeavors are purely mimetic and they at best approximate only the secondary attributes of this now standardized subject matter which has been completely constructed by their acknowledged masters abroad. The Independents donate a hundred of their approximately un - known in two sections. The majority, leaning on the judgments of their none-too-able instructors, struggle to present their curiously im - potent groping towards the chaos from which contemporary art emerges. The minority of amateurs such as have dominated all In - dependent exhibitions, after a few glances at their favorites are irre - trievably fixed in the reproduction of anaemic day dreams. All this is a severe reflection on the efficacy of present criticism, especially a censure of the live painters who appear flattered when contiguous to this detractory dead weight. To be more explicit: A is a portrait whose antecedents were Rembrandt, Velasquez, Whistler and another great American, Mr. Chase. Rembrandt con - tributes the essay at reality worked by a play of light about an in - different head, with so unskillful an emphasis upon the hands that the lady's fingers remain tortured wet sticks of paint. Velasquez bestows the precocious lace making as an idle effort for body. Whistler was sought for grace in the application of light strokes to the hair and lines of the gown, opposed to the broad slapping of the re - mainder of the gown and standard background in Chase's once popu - lar manner carried on by the mop-painting of Sargent. B is a portrait that shouts Cezanne and then disintegrates like a flickering electric light bulb. Its maker, as the innumerable man - facturers of pseudo Cezannes, overcome by the adulation of his master, cannot take up the tools perfected by him to progress with them into and out of his own being. C is a painstaking landscape of hills and trees in the autumn as hills and trees never are in the autumn, except on unsuccessful colored 192 picture post cards. There are schools that teach how to do this ably in exchange for money. D is a landscape of a bridge and trees that amazes by the vers - atility of its drawing even with the superimposed cold cream, negative pigment. Drawing that fascinates as a good juggling act which is ruined when an extra ball is added. E is a landscape, hills and meadow that Van Gogh painted one morning and then wisely destroyed. F is the landscape that just missed ifame because its maker did not possess the mental stomach to digest Picasso and the great out of doors we are taught to see. G is a landscape by a young portrait painter of hills and a village that offers objective reality without a vulgarization of the refreshing qualities of rocks, trees and houses. H is a still life, a vase of flowers, as flowers and vases never are save as chosen by interior decorators for the walls of those who are indifferent to what sort of color spots fall within the focus of their eyes, provided they are in fashion. I to Z are those nondescript canvases which are usually mentioned as impressionistic since they are neither classic nor expressionistic. The effect of such a presentation of paintings is not dissimilar to that of gazing at scratched and spotted flat tone surfaces. Opposite the entrance to the gallery there is an object, a standard Socony motor gasoline pump, constructed with no motive beyond its utility, yet it is so finely made that it bears a more stimulating relationship to con - temporary art than the contrived exhibitions within. It is all too apparent that these associations are not organized primarily to pursue the technical means adopted by these painters to their logical conclusions, and clear away the clogs that still persist, while constructing the present in the manner of those abler European groups who constantly challenge accepted aesthetic values. A, C, D, G, H are called academic while B, E, F are termed modern, but this is solely a surface discrimination. Fundamentally they accept the limitations of their group, however elastic it may be; for any group is necessarily resigned to the intellect and energy con - tained in it. This peculiar American situation is due to the influence of the all-powerful galleries abetted by the painters themselves. Our gallery owners, in their natural eagerness to measure their salesmanship with one another, relate paintings indiscriminately with just enough atten - tion to acquire a moneyed inquisitive public. The painters, in their 193 anxiety to gain a livelihood, to hold the captured public, and secure an immediate renown, are far too timorous to swerve from the chance categories in which they battle to be bottled up. Emphatic differences of academicians and moderns are being merged to a smooth unevent - fulness. Contacts established with an eye to the galleries' returns, purchasers and mutual admirers, lead the academician to help himself to what he believes appealing in the modern, and the modern hangs on desperately to the academic tricks that are applauded because they served masters. Abroad a Derain and a Vlaminck stepped out of such amelioration, but here the superior individuals march along with the average. These summer associations therefore, though in appear - ance freer than winter societies because they assume a greater contact of painters without any exterior meddling, remain excellent examples of arrested growths. One salvation there is. Pressure must be brought to bear on those painters recognized both at home and abroad, though all too little known there, who advance the true concepts of painting while stead - fastly adhering to their birthrights. They must be urged into a de - fensive and offensive body by the forces of active contemporary opinion to stand together and present Contemporary American Art not only to New York, but to Paris, London, Rome, Berlin, and Moscow. Otherwise our industrialism which increases its domination of the universe daily, will continue to be the best fertilizer for the growth of European painters alone, —save for the isolated American artists who always appear accidentally and at great intervals, among the horde of idle players. Edward Nagle When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. Issue a Book —and there are twelve of them a year THE DIAL does not publish anything which is not worthy of per- petuation in book form. It does not bother with ephemera. Each issue is a record of the finest creative work by contemporary artists. It publishes only work possessing a permanent value. Incidentally, THE DIAL is quite as well printed as the best books. Every issue of THE DIAL is a book —a remarkably good book — and there are twelve of them a year. A year of THE DIAL is the equivalent of a dozen books—a dozen superlative, contemporary books. For $5.00 (few good books now cost less than $2.00) we will send you a copy of THE DIAL every month for a year—twelve books for less than the cost of three. In addition, we will send you from THE DIAL'S library one of the following important books of the past season. THE DIAL has a small surplus of books carried over from last year, which it is offering to new subscribers at a remarkably low combination price. Present subscribers may secure one or more of these books by writing us for a special rate. A SURVEY, by Max Beerbohm AARON'S ROD, by D. H. Lawrence POEMS 1918-1921, by Ezra Pound AFOOT IN ENGLAND, by W. H. Hudson SEA AND SARDINIA, by D. H. Lawrence MR. WADDINGTON OF WYCK, by Map Sinclair THE STORY OF MANKIND, by Hendrik W. Van Loon THE STORY OF UTOPIAS, by Lewis Mumford AGAINST THE GRAIN, by /. K. Huysmans MAYA THE BEE, by Waldemar Bonsels MARIA CHAPDELAINE, by Louis Hemon THE WASTE LAND, by T. S. Eliot THE JUDGE, by Rebecca West THE DIAL 152 West 13th Street New York City Gentlemen: Please enter my name for a year's subscription to THE DIAL, beginning with the October issue. Also, send me the book listed below. Name Address Book | 11 enclose $5.00. Q I will remit $5.00 on receipt of your bill. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. The most precious cargo of the Mayflower was invisible —the English "soul" and its heritage of English culture. Every ship that has landed settlers ever since—from the S. Caterina that brought the first handful of Jews and the Goede Vrouw with its Dutchmen to the last Cunarder racing; through the Narrows its quota of Jugo-Slavs has brought a similarly precious cargo. But do we enjoy to the full the age-ripe heritages of all our constituent nation- alities which, tempered by the new American experience, are the real sources of a great American culture of the future? They are the motifs that can make the pattern of American culture rich, manifold, alive, and beautiful. The Menorah Journal embodies the experience and expression of a group of writers and artists who as Jews see American life through the lens of their own historical and cultural past; they are giving color, vividness, and critical consciousness to American life that all Americans must value —they are putting their racial cargo to work, for the general benefit. In addition to this distinctly American group, realizing in their own fashion the inherent inter-nationalism of culture, THE MENORAH JOURNAL is introducing to America the most significant and characteristic Jewish writers and artists abroad. Not least, the Journal features the thought of Gentiles alive to the significance of the Jew in American life and culture. The current issue, which is typical, contains The Judaic Strain in Modern Letters, Burton Rascoe Herzi/s Utopia .Lewis Mumford Saturday : The Story of a Crime, Max Bobin With drawings by I. Tchaikov The Village .Issachar Ber Rybbak An Insert of wSeven Drawings The Jew in the European Scene, Marvin Lowenthal 11. With Kunze and Hitler Five Years of the Jewish Art Theatre, Samuel S. Grossman Do You Know What the Mountains Are? . Jacob Cahan Louis Untermeyer—("At Least Four Portraits ") James N. Rosenberg Leopold Zunz —Humanist S. Barueh (Concluded) Letters From Abroad Warsaw: Looking at the Nalewki, I. M. Neuman With illustration: Three Jewish Art Posters Vienna: Morale in Austria.. .Eugen Hoeflich Jerusalem: The "Soap-Bubble City", Jessie E. Sampter Salvaging Our Folk-Art. .Marek Schwarz The Adversary's Note-Book, H. Ben-Shahar The inevitable coupon, of course —but tear it off quickly and, as an acknowl- edgment, we will send you any two books of the Modern Library series and the previous issue containing the seventeen woodcuts of Jacob Steinhardt. Still hesitant? Send us fifty cents and we'll despatch you the current issue and the previous issue, gratis. The Menorah: Journal, 167 West 13th Street, New York City For the enclosed ) $3, 92 I send The Menorah Send the two books from the Modern Library * &gt; ( year ) noted below or list of Modern Library titles Journal for a j mont k to from which to select and the previous issue to Name Name Address Address • These two books When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. — Informed Criticism — — Entertaining Gossip — — Excellent Short Stories — — Illuminating Editorials — — Contemporary Poetry — — Provocative Discussions — THE BOOKMAN The Literary Magazine With a Personality Edited by John Farrar An American Critic Says: "I often wonder at the friends who say they do not see THE BOOKMAN. In all the magazine list I know nothing more generally agreeable than this publication of the George H. Doran Company. It is not alone for its book notes, reviews of the latest publications, gossip of books and authors that we value it, but for a certain spontaneous charm in almost every contribution. It is as if those men who had become famous assumed a more natural attitude, feeling themselves at home in a congenial atmosphere." An English Critic Says: / I am glad to find that THE BOOKMAN of New York is issued here as S THE AMERICAN BOOKMAN, for it is, in my judgment, far and / away the most interesting literary magazine issued in the English-speak- / ing world. It is edited by Mr. John Farrar. There is good criticism / in it and good literature, and with these we have just that element / of news which has a special charm for people of my disposi- / tion."—Clement Shorter in"The Sphere" {London). / BOOKMAN It not only gives you the news of the world of lit era- 112 244 Madison Avenue ture, hut it fills the gaps with charming essays, / New York. go,.ip and fun-making. It has more than doubled y Gentlemen: I should like its circulation in the past three years. The / , , . £ » r nn _ _ / to try the next three issues or readers of BROOM are the type of new / Dmi ,y *XT , , « . * &gt; . - , / THE BOOKMAN and am en- subscnbers it is looking for! Will you / , . rr r . _ 9 * closing fifty cents for that purpose. not give it a try: / /Name Address / . T. 26.7 When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. Artists ! How often have you wanted to possess a well-illustrated book on the work of that penetrating, sardonic genius, HENRI DE TOULOUSE-LAUTREC! But you did not know just where to get it, or it was too expensive, or you had to send to Europe for it. Here is your chance. THE ARTS for SEPTEMBER is a special TOULOUSE-LAUTREC NUMBER It contains FORTY-TWO REPRODUCTIONS selected for you by an artist, our Paris repre- sentative, after careful study of all available material. No matter how well you are acquainted with the art of Toulouse-Lautrec you will be surprised and delighted by the variety, scope and biting quality of these works of art. THE SEPTEMBER ARTS is a BOOK ON TOULOUSE-LAUTREC which you cannot secure in any other form for ten times the price of a single copy of THE ARTS. And the illustrations accompany an essay by Alexander Brook that is worthy of them. It is fresh, youthful, accurate and interesting from beginning to end. Ie TUT A Acquainted With Have You Become THE ARTS? THE ARTS is an entirely new type of art magazine. It is not edited for those interested only in the art of today nor for those interested only in ancient art. THE ARTS assumes that thinking people wish intelligent information on all phases of art. THE ARTS represents no cause or group. To contribute to the pleasure and enjoyment of art for the artist and the layman is its aim. Published each month THE ARTS brings you all the news of the current exhibitions worth seeing. If an exhibition is reviewed in THE ARTS you should see it. THE ARTS keeps abreast of the important happenings in Europe and America. Its con- tributors have the highest standing in their respective fields. A partial list of the men who write for THE ARTS is sufficient to verify this fact. Alexander Brook Alan Burroughs Virgil Barker William M. Ivins, Jr. Charles Downing Lay Allen Tucker Harry Wehle Charles Sheeler Stewart Culin Fletcher Steele Egerton Swartwout John Jay Chapman John Dos Passos Frances Morris Dudley Poore Edwin Evans Harley Perkins John Bunting John Blomshield Forbes Watson Arthur Davison Ficke Special Introductory Offer The regular price of T'HE ARTS is 50 cents a copy, $5.00 a year. We are anxious to have you become acquainted with the magazine, however, and for that reason we are offering a six months' subscription for $2.00. On receipt of your order your name will be entered on our list to receive the next six issues of THE ARTS' starting with the September issue con- taining the Toulouse-Lautrec article. The Arts Publishing Corporation 19 East 59th Street New York City When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. (OtftlT6&lt;y wY. WORU.O m . G. WELLS again chooses The New Republic for the serial presentation of his forthcoming work "A Great Schoolmaster: Sanderson of Oundle." The first of six parts will appear in the issue of October 3rd. Wells regarded Sanderson as the greatest educator of his generation, whose ideas and methods are of profound importance. He has written an instructive book about him that is invaluable to parents, educators and students of modern educational theories. [If you are not a subscriber insure getting the 1 entire series by filling in one of the forms below.J THE NEW REPUBLIC, 421 West 21st St., New York. For the enclosed $ send me The New Republic for and this book by H. G. Wells Name Address Men Like Gods, with a year of The N. R. for $5.50; Ann Veronica with six months ($2.50); Short History of the World (N. R. edition) with a year, $6.80. 10-23 "tjfie ' I\Tejf REPUBLIC 421 West 21S Street NewYerkCity THE NEW REPUBLIC, 421 West 21st St., New York. For the enclosed $1.00 send me The New Republic for the next 13 weeks, commencing with the issue of October 3rd. Name Address (in full) 10-23 The Age of the Machine T HE Age of the Machine in America is an age of i i — J —mm Tt r y-v 11 n one of eco- EX LIBRIS ily from the S I I ft % % in aggressive id non-com- work of sig- of all names vith Europe, ndellos, and to America, ith two-color actions, and As an inducemen following books 1 SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY PARIS ir one of the Jacob's Room, bj The Captain's Doll, by D. H. Lawrence CANE, by Jean Toomer Holiday, by Waldo Frank Harmonium, by Wallace Stevens Dove's Nest, by Katherine Mansfield The Enormous Room, by E. E. Cummings | BROOM -47 W. 34th St., N. Y. i For the enclosed $ please send Broom for one year and the fol~ lowing book: Name Address L $5.00 Annual Subscription. 50 Cents the Copy. i _i BROOMAN INTERNATIONAL MAGAZINE OF THE ARTSEditor, Harold A. LoebAssociate Editors, Slater Brown, Malcolm Cowley, Matthew Josephson October, 1923 Published Monthly Vol. 5, No. 3 The Editors of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. /submitted to them, butall mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed stamped envelope. The Editorscannot be held responsible for mss. lost in transit. 'Broom is published monthly at 47 West 34th Street, New York, by TheBroom Publishing Company, Inc. Entered as Second Class Matter, June 30, 1923,at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., under the act of March 3, 1879. Copy- right, 1923, by the Broom Publishing Company, Inc.if i $5 a Year 50 Cents the Copy When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. When writing to advertisers please mention BROOM. Cover Design—Edward Nagle Pa«eStill Life—Charles Sheeler ........ (facing) 129A Black Wren—John Freeman 129Five Americans—E. E. Cummings 134Henry Ford—Matthew Josephson . . . . . . . . . 137The Priest Speaks—William Gamaliel Shepard . . . • . . 143Bucks County Barn-—Charles Sheeler (facing) 144Portrait of Joe Gould—Joseph Stella . . . . . (facing) 145Joseph Gould: The Man—E. N. and S. B . 145Social Position—Joseph Gould . . . . . . . . . . 147Ellsworth to Great Pond—Winifred Virginia Jackson . . . 150The Poet Assassinated—Guillaume Apollinaire 151Bucks County Barns—Charles Sheeler . . . (facing) 160, 161"A Boire! A Boire!"—Slater Brown 161How Many Miles to Babylon—Robert Graves . . . : . 164Soto and the New World—William Carlos Williams ./. . 167Flowers, African Musical Instrument—Charles Sheeler(facing)' 176, 177Sixth Poem—Wilfrid H. Bendall . 177Book Reviews 178Comment: Week End Painters—Edward Nagle 184 Still Life Charles Sheeler A BLACK WREN John Freeman The water was cold and freshening as it poured from the brasstap over his fingers and wrists, and he was so occupied with hispleasure that he scarcely noticed his wife passing through thescullery and only heard her voice vaguely, saying, "I'm going out tosee about a black wren." He shook the water from his fingers, driedthem, and stepped back to his chair repeating her phrase abstractedly,"I'm going out to see about a black wren. ... A black wren.What did she mean—had she found a black wren, or why didshe want to see about it? Its small bright eye—no, she didn't meanthat, but a small black bird, black as a rook, sheeny and black, butnot languid and heavy as a rook. What did she want with a blackwren? The phrase reminded him of another small bird, the briskand friendly robin, that perched on his spade if he rested—long restsbetween each thrust and lift—pecked, fluttered, perched nearer, andlooked up so kin-like and bright. It wasn't that the birds of the gardenand hedge had any special fondness for him; wild things didn't noticeor trouble about him. . . . Stay, there was that squirrel, actuallya slightly lame squirrel that wasn't nearly as agile as it should havebeen. He had stumbled almost upon it and it had leaped away(leaping a little awry, he thought) and then looked as if it trustedhim not to harm—not to harm it with a cruel thought even. Howpretty it looked—no, pathetic more than pretty. He had wanted tostroke the squirrel, to pat it, but suddenly thought that a motion ofkindness might seem but as a motion of cruelty, and startle the slysmall thing. So he hung still and it disappeared.A black wren, a squirrel: even the gentlest things seemed sadamid their gaiety. The loveliness of limb and motion, of flight andleap, was at the mercy of his hand. Where did the wren come from,where would it hide to die? All these deaths of lovely living things—sorrow in all loveliness. Botticelli's Venus, where was that now?In Maggie's room still, no doubt. She had asked him for it when shewas fourteen or fifteen. "I must look at it when Igo upstairs. Is it asbeautiful as I used to think it, or is it too sad to be lovely now? Whata beautiful thing once, yet melancholy. There's too much green in it—it's melancholy as the woods in spring. But melancholy means black—a black wren. . . . Strange!" Green, too, was always melancholy —the April green, the pallid fresh green of buds and small leavesshowing paler yet against the russet husks. The Venus rose from thesea like the pale spring rising from dark winter—a pretty fancy, yettrue. It was the old sadness of that poor goddess that made him feel—how? Well, he felt as if he were looking not at Venus but at acrucifix. He couldn't help it, they were counterparts, twin types blend- ing into one. Venus here, Jesus there, both sad in beauty, one lonelythe other martyred. He wasn't confusing the two and of course onewas pagan and the other christian; "but they're really the same, thesame. The body's crucified in Jesus, and it escapes in Venus, but onlyfor a time. Venus is thinking of the crucifixion—as sad as Jesus him- self. She too will be crucified—everything lovely, everything eternal iscrucified; else it can't be eternal." That was why, if he thought of theone, so often he thought of the other; they didn't live apart, and one,he supposed, couldn't live without the other.The loveliness! though he was old-fashioned, he knew, in hisadoration. But one couldn't do without beauty, one couldn't glo with- out faith; an altar was necessary, and even if Jesus had not lived, anddied on the cross, the story would have been the same. Crucify, crucify—yes, everybody had to cry out. That outburst was true—it provedthat the crucifixion had happened, just as it was true about Venus. Shehad lived, of course no one knew when, and she was dying now; shecouldn't rise again until she had died. Jesus was happier now—radiant. Where was the painter of a radiant Jesus? She had neverlost that sadness, for a gay Venus was a profanation. Botticelli oughtto have painted Jesus and Venus together: he could! It wouldn't bea bit strange, no stranger than a black wren. An innocent mind A wonderful, wonderful thing, her body. Mary must be aboutthe same height, the same figure. Her face was different, notpathetic; but it was only a mask, there must be a likeness hiddenwithin it. Not quite the same figure, though, for her shoulders werespare, her arms thin; altogether she must be a little thinner than theVenus. He oughtn't to be thinking thus of her. "Oughtn't I?She doesn't know, and isn't it a kind of honour? The women whowere silent there were doing Jesus honour: thought is the only honour,the purest. Was it wrong to paint the Botticelli Venus, or to lookat it? That's how I look at Mary now." But the crucifixion ofJesus, of Venus—for once more only that or the prefiguration of itcould cause such sadness—but what had this to do with Mary?He had lost the thread. Strange, though, that she should be calledMary. How that Mary must have suffered! Did everything pure and lovely suffer? Yes, of course, long before age came; and thenage as well. Jesus as an old man, Venus an old woman—O what adisgusting thing a man's mind was.As disgusting was the thought of a black Venus—a black wren.What did Eleanor mean? Black—it was horrible. Black on whitesnow—but even bears and pigs weren't quite black: a grizzly gray,looking dark on the snow; pine trees in the distance, ridges of firs,weren't so black—nature, someone said, abhorred black. A blackVenus—O evil, evil! No, grotesque; and he recalled an old musichall song, "I love my coal black Venus." These loathsome, vulgarthings, once-heard never forgotten. Black Venus—the light slidingon a heaving black breast, leaden and smooth, shoulders with littlepools of darkness between the black blades, the navel's blackness, theundimpled knees—horrible, horrible. Yet somewhere he'd heardof Jesus being translated black for the benefit of negroes. Wasn'tthat crucifying Him again, with a worse shame than ever? Musteverything lovely be defiled, and then killed?When he was a boy—"l remember that Museum, ah yes. Howold was I? not more than fifteen. Thirty years ago and more, andit's but yesterday. That glass case and several small things in it, andthe bronze of a naked woman, a little bronze seven inches high. Yes,I was with the Adams, I remember now, and I was ashamed to standlooking at the figure and pretended to be looking at something else- heaven knows what. I was ashamed, for I adored it. Nothing everso beautiful, a joy to think of even now. O, men lust because theyfind nothing to love. I remember it all now, and I know. It wasthe same day, but afterwards, that we walked past the theaters,through Leicester Square, and so on; and those horrible posters ofdancing leering girls—horrible. How could I think of my bronzefigure then, standing lonely, lovely, silent in the glass case?" Thirtyyears ago and more, he reminded himself.Such figures had been dug out of Greece, Egypt, Italy, Mexico—adored everywhere. How could men live without adoration? Whomade such figures? What lover drew, what artist modeled, whatpriest perfected them? Out of the earth they came, and their loversand artists and myriad worshippers—all from the earth. A restlessearth, seething with life, sinking into death, with perpetual successionof change and counterchange. Like a sea, heaving and sinking; andstraightway his thought fled on to:—Love still hath something of the seaFrom whence his mother rose. Jesus walking upon the sea, trampling the storm until it was cowedand fled, and Venus rising tranquil from green waves. Her dovesflying out from the cliff-holes, pale doves, gray and pale; and blackdiminutive birds, black wrens hovering about the edge and shrillingtheir small sweet notes. The doves fled from Venus to Jesus and onerested a moment on His head and He smiled; then it flew off andcircled above Venus, and all the doves fluttered at once. The blackwrens had gone—strange birds: he had never heard of them before;evil birds, for all that was black was sinister. Their shrill song was buta mockery— they had gone, but it still sprinkled the air with a faintmocking echo. There was mocking round the Hill, women's thinnervoices mocking Jesus as He hung on the cross, and men's voices deepas cattle. The women's eyes were black, their hair was black, theirgestures, words, laughter—all black and cruel and mocking. Nosuch mockery tainted the lily-fairness of this mild sad Venus. Sad,but not suffering, in a lilied tranquillity. Invisible lilies oozed theirscent around her, wrapped her in their acrid sweetness; they were notlilies that fester smelling far worse than weeds. O but they wouldfester yet; rankness would subdue sweetness, the Venus lilies wouldshake down in shrivelled petals. Venus herself, must she perishtoo? Venus would fester, shrivel up and sink into dust; the fleshcould not endure. Only crucifixion could save it—wasn t that whatHe meant when He said The handle rattled briskly and the door opened. "I don't knowwhat to do with that hen; she's eating her eggs again." He raisedhis head and loomed vacantly out of his thoughts. What are youtalking about, Eleanor?"She looked at him frowning. "Didn't I tell you, when you werewashing your hands just now, didn t I tell you I was going to seeabout that hen, the black hen? I've thought a long time she's beeneating her eggs—but you take no notice. Why, it was only twominutes ago."Two minutes—no, surely hours ago, hours and hours. All thishad happened to him since then. "Of course, of course. Only, I'dforgotten—thinking of something else." He smiled vaguely, as thoughat his own thoughts; a characteristic smile.- But when Mary was sitting with them at tea the gray cloud thathad lifted suddenly came upon him again, and his thoughts wanderedoff-—so wild and so foolish that it was too much trouble to watchthem. Let them go. His wife was talking and Mary sitting almost silent. Looking at Mary he was amused to recall how, until now, hehad always disliked fair hair and pale eyes. Mary's was fair, hereyes a little pale. She was thinner than the Venus, her shoulderswere spare, but she was the same height and "Goodness, there's Cyril again," said his wife as there came abump and a crying overhead; and she sprang up and Mary too.Mary stood between the french window and the door as his wife ranupstairs. The same height, the same figure, the same mask. In thehush of his wife's absence a great gulf opened. Across the gulf hestared at Mary, not seeing her. His thoughts flowed over her, andthen as he looked up suddenly and gazed on her face, half illuminatedby the falling sun, her consciousness of his gaze increased. Sheknew his look, and her face and neck flushed unbearably. He sawthe flush and knew that it was all over her, head to feet; and he wasashamed and glad. The silence was suspended unbroken, unjarredby either of them, but seemed on the point of breaking by its ownstrained intensity.She was sinking back into her chair as his wife returned sayingwhat had happened ; and as she spoke he could see Mary's face. Abright berry hung in each cheek, making her fairness wonderful.Berries—stains—what were they reminding him of? As he caughtat it a scurry of wings near the panes startled them all and he openedthe window to follow the flutter. In a moment he returned saying,"Those pigeons again, the white pigeons, you know." Mary's eyeswere still averted, but her voice was steady enough whenever sheanswered Eleanor.The berries still hung in her cheeks, scarcely fainter when sherose to go. He dimmed his thoughts with a powerful effort and lookedinto her eyes only briefly as he said good-bye. Her hands were al- ready gloved: had the palms, too, a stain, like the stain of her cheeks?The hat came dark over her forehead and he could see nothing there;her feet were covered, save to his thoughts. Was she but mortalflesh, a Venus only? Had the white pigeons flown towards her,baffled only by the window pane? "Good-bye, good-bye," he wassaying, and a moment after watched her through the window—lightand firm and a mystery— as she stepped into the road.Then he opened the door murmuring, "I must go up and see ifit's still in Maggie's room." As he reached the landing and turnedto enter, he caught his breath in a great expectancy. FIVE AMERICANS (Sonnets) E. E. Cummings I. LIZ with breathing as (faithfully) her lowneckeddress a little topples and slightly expandsone square foot mired in silk wrinkling lothstocking begins queerly to do a fewgestures to death,the silent shoulders are bothslowly with pinkish ponderous arms bedeckedwhose white thick wrists deliver promptly toa deep lap enormous mindless hands,and no one knows what (i am sure of this)her blunt unslender, what her big unkeen"Business is rotten" the face yawning saidwhat her mouth thinks of(if it were a kiss)distinct entirely melting sinuous lean . . .whereof this lady in some book had read II. MAME she puts down the handmirror. "Look at" arrangingbefore me a mellifluous idiot grin(with what was nose upwrinkled into nothingearthly, while the slippery eyes drownin surging flesh). A thumblike index down- dragging yanks back skin "see" (i, seeing, ceasedto breathe). The plump left fist opening"wisdom." Flicker of gold. "Yep. No gas. Flynn" the words drizzle untidily from releasedcheeks "I'll tell duh woild; some noive all right.Aint much on looks but how dat baby ached."and when i timidly hinted "novocaine?"the eyes outstart, curl, bloat, are newly bakedand swaggering cookies of indignant light III. GERT joggle i think will do it although the gladmonosyllable jounce possibly can tellbetter how the balloons move (asher ghost lurks, a Beau Brummel sticking in its three- cornered always moist mouth)—jazz,for whose twitching lips, between you and mealmost succeeds while toddle rings the bell.But if her tall corpsecoloured body seatitself (with the uncouth habitual dulljerk at garters) there's no sharpest neatword for the thing. Her voice? gruesome: a trullleaps from the lungs "gimme uh swell fitelike up ter yknow, Rektuz, Toysday nite;where uh guy get gayn troze uh lobstersalad IV. MARJ "life?Listen" the feline she with radishredlegs said (crossing them slowly) "I'masleep. Yep. Youse is asleep kidand everybody is." And i hazarded"god" (blushing slightly)—"O damn ginks like dis Gawd" opening slowly slowlythem—then carefully the rolypolyvoice squatting on a mountain of gum didsomething like a whisper, "even her.""The madam?" I emitted; vaguely watchingthat mountainous worthy in the fragile actof doing her eyebrows.—Marj's laughter smackedme: pummeling the curtains, drooped to a purr . .i left her permanently smiling V. FRAN should i entirely ask of god whyon the alert neck of this brittle whoredelicately wobbles an improbably distinct face,and how these wooden big two feet concludehappeningly the unfirm drooping bloatedcalvesi would receive the answer moreor less deserved, Young fellow go in peace,which i do, being as Dick Mid once notedlifting a Green River (here's to youse)"a bloke wot's well behaved" . . . and always tryto not wonder how let's say elationcauses the bent eyes thickly to protrude—or why her tiniest whispered invitationis like a clock striking in a dark house HENRY FORD Matthew Josephson Who has ever approached political thought or action with anaesthetic? Not since the Renaissance when, I believe, Machiavelli wasa craftsman of high order, claiming the good of the state for hisfeats of virtuosity, and Giovanni Batista, who could ride, fence, de- liver speeches, write verses, paint, sculpt, play, sing, kill his man withthe best of them.Let us expand once more the functions of art that our ideas maybe deeds and our deeds fit to instill admiration, rapture, suspense,beatitude. The country is all but populated and the immigrationgates shut. Across the flamboyant front-pages of the newspapersthese are, after all, the chateaux, the cathedrals, the mystical shrinesthat we rear for ourselves.Thus Henry Ford, the other day, calls up Washington."Hello, long distance. Henry Ford speaking. I want Uncle Sam.. . . Hello, Uncle Sam. This is Henry Ford speaking.""Henry Ford. Oh, yes, how are you feeling today. About thatMuscle Shoals proposition ""I can complete the construction work for $100,000,000. Youare spending at present $500,000 per year to guard it, and it is de- teriorating rapidly, not to mention the loss of interest on the originalinvestment of over $120,000,000.""Yes, we did make some bad investments during the war.""But I believe with the present state of conditions in the agri- cultural industry it is imperative to push the whole proposition tocompletion. The country needs nitrogen, to double the output ofcorn per acre, making farming profitable for once and reducing thecost of living enormously . ."I know your bid is lower than our engineers . . . butpolitics "Henry! Ford! Henry Ford! Born in Dearbornville, Mich.,1863 of pioneer (nay immigrant) stock. His father saw the first"iron horse" come roaring in like a drunken Indian through the forest.All they talked about in those days was the "iron horse.""I was born on a farm . . . and my earliest recollection is thatthere was too much work on the place," muses the great manufacturer. And there is something of Alexander's satiety with conquest inthe words he murmurs today: "A man is now able to do somewhatmore than four did only a comparatively few years ago."Forty years ago, when everyone was thinking only of the newpower of electricity, Henry Ford began tinkering with his first horse- less wagons, run by steam power.Crude foolish thing: there is a picture yet to be seen of Henryseated in it, holding the tiller with that vacant look about his wide- apart eyes.Soon Henry was building automobiles that were breaking recordsand winning races. A skilled mechanic, he raised capital and openeda little plant in Detroit, with the first automobile manufacturers.Several people invested small sums in his company; one invested$5,000 in stock. In a few years, Henry Ford bought this man outfor $12,500,000.Ford astounded the world by announcing a minimum wage of $5a day. Everyone predicted his financial Waterloo. But in a littlewhile Ford cut the price of his car about 50 per cent and raised theminimum wage to $6 a day.Clearly no one had ever known anything about manufacturingbefore Henry Ford."Unless we know more about machines and their use," he says,"unless we better understand the mechanical portion of life, we cannothave the time to enjoy the trees, and the birds, and the flowers, andthe green fields."Soon nearly everybody in America was trundling about the worldin Mr. Ford's Tin Lizzie.To Fordize an operation you cut the machine down to the leastnumber of parts; you concentrate upon the least amount of energyin making those parts and in assembling them. Each man does thesame thing over and over again a thousand times a day. And youcut the price more each year and the people buy more."And they are happier," says Mr. Ford. They want to be led,and they are glad to do the same thing every day.A new consciousness was born in the modern world. Quantityproduction making all things so cheap and plentiful favored the rapidincrease in population. The United States prospered. If a war shouldrake the land back and forth leaving ruin and barrenness in its wake,the Ford idea would re-people it with huge townships; factorieswould leap up again, land would be tilled and reclaimed with tractorsand other power-driven machines. He bought a railroad and began to reduce the rates. The UnitedStates Government became alarmed. The Interstate Commerce Com- mission stepped in and said:Mr. Ford, we are afraid that you are becoming a little un- constitutional."Mr. Ford desisted. He has always been a little nonplussed bypolitics. But we are running ahead of our story.Mr. Ford was opposed to the erection of imposing and costlychurches. He refused to contribute to his own parish church for thisend. But in his automobile plant, he built the costliest and mostbeautiful power-house in America. It was placed on the avenue along- side the office buildings. Power houses are usually in the rear offactories, dark, dusty, greasy holes in the ground with mountains ofcoal piled outside. Ford filled the windows of his power-house withstained-glass. And now the ponderous fly-wheels turn in utter silence,sending all the throbbing energy through more than five hundred de- partments of the plant with its 55,000 contented workingmen.That this mechanic, this scarcely literate man, should triumph soover physical forces!Soon he became the mightiest man in the world.But the Great War of 1914 broke out. A world torn in con- vulsions of destruction. What is war? To Ford this was a mostregrettable occurrence. All his competitors began to make ammunition.For what? To a man whose life had been consecrated toward simpli- fying and increasing construction, it was a most painful subject, indeed.Mr. Ford watched the war from Detroit with a restive, uneasy eye.Mme. Rosika Schwimmer, idealist, fiery, magnificent HungarianJewess, appeared before him and pleaded with him to intervene. Manyother publicists, preachers, poets, the President of the HumanitarianCult; David Starr Jordan, Jane Addams, Louis P. Lochner.Won over by the pleas of these public-minded personages, HenryFord took a train to Washington and appeared at the White Houseto lay before the President his plan of neutral intervention. Mr. Wil- son, however, had at that time launched himself upon a course ofWatchful Waiting.On November 23, 1915 he chartered a vessel and invited theleaders of thought from all over the world to come with him to Europein his peace ship, and hold a Conference of Neutral Countries."Men and women of our country," he proclaimed, "representingall of its ideals and all of its activities, will start from New York on December 4, 1915 aboard the Scandinavian-American SteamshipOscar 11. The peace ship that carries the American delegation willproceed to Christiania . . . Stockholm . . . Copenhagen . . ."With twenty thousand men killed every 24 hours, tens of thou- sands maimed, homes ruined, another winter begun, the time has comefor a few men and women with courage and energy irrespective ofthe cost in personal inconvenience, money, sacrifice, and criticism, tofree the good will of Europe that it may assert itself for peace andjustice."Mr. Ford made his will and finished dictating his biography.The Peace Mission embarked in pell-mell fashion. There weretwo governors, many college professors, writers, teachers, students, agoodly scattering of preachers, and fifty-four press agents.All this in the teeth of immense distrust and denunciation fromhigh quarters. Don Quixote, they jeered, crossing the seas in hisflivver.But Ford's faith in "just folks" and in the "plain, democratic wayof doing things" was indomitable.On board the Oscar II: a perfectly wild mob lost in the fog ofthe North Atlantic. No plans of action had been prepared. The hugeparty on board did not know where to begin to talk. They talkedand talked. The newspapermen were aghast. There was no "copy"in all this, they were adrift on the Atlantic, and what was more, Fordnever talked!The newspapermen monopolized the First Class Saloon and formedthe "Viking Press Club." In their perplexity and desperation theywhiled the long hours away with many fitting and practical jokesover the radio.On December 14th two British scout cruisers ran the Oscar IIinto tow and with the voluble passengers prepared for the very worst,a wind-burned young lieutenant and seven piratical-looking marines,armed to the teeth, boarded the ship. The party went on talking dis- armament incessantly, while virtually prisoners of war.And all the time H. Ford, in his staterooms, eating third-classfood, according to the legend, working mysteriously on plans, blue- prints, notes."Horses as well as men gone to the war never to return,' heruminated. His plans gradually unfolded. Europe without horses.The strongest interests in favor of continuing the dreadful destructivewar, were munition makers. How to win them. Let them make farm- tractors. Europe would have no more horses. Make tractors at ahandsome profit. He would show them—s2oo each—s2 cents a dayfor oil—would not cost half as much as the horse it displaces. Wouldrevolutionize farm operation and increase farm profits. That busy littleFord brain! Inventor, Producer.In Christiania the good burgomaster and his officials received theparty. Must it be admitted that the reception was chilly. It was thedead of winter. Among the individuals of the party there had beenmistrust, perhaps envy. It is said that leadership had from the startpassed into the hands of Mme. Rosika Schwimmer. It is whisperedthat she was a forceful, dominating woman. Mr. Ford had been quitesea-sick.Three days after landing in the old world, Ford left mysteriously,responsibility divided between Rosika and his business manager whohad struggled with this unwieldy Ark and footed all bills like a bravelittle man.Money had been flung away lavishly. The party travelled toSweden, to Copenhagen, to Holland. Speeches were made. Whatdid the good people of Denmark think of the address of the Nebraskaminister? Speeches were made. What did it matter?"Ford left us a few days after landing," says the Rev. Dr. Aked,"without explanation, without a word of farewell, secretly, in thesmall hours of the night, after telling us that he would certainly con- tinue the journey with us the next day."Good-bye Europe. Good-bye Rosika.The Lusitania was blown up.The United States entered the war not long after.H. Ford hurried to the White House and offered his completeco-operation. You know what the Ford organization did to win thewar!Soon after H. Ford became an avowed Anti-Semite. A hasles Juifs! Rosika Schwimmer! The Dearborn Independent wageda merciless campaign against the Jews everywhere. The Jews weremortified; they retorted bitterly, powerfully. What adversaries! Per- haps it was they who countered in the Michigan Senatorial elections,dollar against vote, dollar upon dollar. Newberry. Poor tool. Sud- denly the campaign of vilification, slander, suspicion of the Jews,carried on throughout the world by the immense Ford organization,ceased magically. A terrible silence followed, as the Ford Boom forPresident was officially launched. The world changeth, and a new order taketh the place of the old.Even did we bend all our efforts to again embrace the dear old times,those sweet rustic airs, solitude, tranquillity, the bubbling draught,those pleasant vales,—they would never, never be envisaged, thosehappy, happy days.Even should we have preferred to remain cloistered, writing dig- nified admonitions to the errant writers of our times, making book re- views, little poems against poets, the Telephone would intervene fillingour secluded Tower with its worldly vibrations. (Hello! Is this TheBROOM? Can you please inform me, can you please tell me T»ho arethe leading, most reputable, most reliable concerns Teith a country-wideservice, furnishing the trade br " "No! Sorry, we can't help you.This is not a trade journal. We have nothing to do with the in- dustry . . .")The electric train leaps painlessly out to the distant Hills, wherethe gay Commuter dances, dances with his little boys and girls to the"Alabama Blues" over the radio receiver. The man dictates at hisdesk and at once a syndicate flashes his Message to four hundred news- papers throughout the United States, read in the tramways and withthe first sunlight on the glass tops of ten million office desks.Mr. Ford, ladies and gentlemen, is not a human creature. He isa principle, or better, a relentless process. Away with waste and com- petitive capitalism. Our bread, butter, tables, chairs, beds, houses,and also our homebrew shall be made in Ford factories. There shallbe one great Power-house for the entire land, and ultimately a greaterone for the whole world. Mr. Ford, ladies and gentlemen, is nota man.Let Ford be President. Let him assemble us all into his machine.Let us be properly assembled. Let us all function unanimously. Letthe wheels turn more swiftly. Coolidge! Bah, what is Coolidge? Arococo Yankee lawyer.Ford means action. Coolidge means procrastination.Ford, higher wages. Coolidge, the ten-hour day.Ford, standardization. Coolidge, inefficiency.Ford, higher wheat market. Coolidge, farm mortgages.Ford, lower freight-rates. Coolidge, the Pork-barrel!VOTE FOR THE PEOPLE'S CANDIDATE. A veritablecrusade has sprung up spontaneously throughout the country to placethis man in the White House. The vast and effective Ford organizationin every city and every hamlet of the continent is behind it. THE PRIEST SPEAKS William Gamaliel Shepard Scene: Madison Square Garden.Time: 1923.The speaker has been talking a long time, his peroration isheard in a high singing voice above the heads of a monstercrowd •'Brother Gods, behold the crawling ant, the lion, the tiger,the crow, the toad, the crayfish and the ellyphunt, little andbig beasts to dress the world for us. And birds to sing.And we ... oh see me beat my breasts and do a fewsteps of the divine mandance . . . why we sit on the toproost crowing over all, with one foot in God's Home and oneon this ashpile. . . . Did you ever see the like of this?Never on sea or land such majesty was seen as man comingout of the white palm of God, the walls of darkness light- shattering to greet him. Look no farther for the finest. AcidProof. Made for the Whole Family. NON SHRINK- ABLE. Send it to the laundry and get it back new.Who's Your Tailor?Stick to God. With a thread and a patch of beef hesews up angels. The Miracle Man.A secret. Listen. Shut that typewriter. Turn in theradio.God sat all night in seance with the stars that breathedHim forth in a gust of light, studying the blue prints of hisnew invention, lopping of a corner here, adding a beamthere. When He wrote Appd. and broke a package ofFatimas to celebrate the labor's end he handed it to Hisangels yet lacking that round turret packed with square mir- rors. The copying clerk added this detail. And the Hosts of Heaven stood to see the first step of the strange new beast,whose first word, "I, Am," stirred a shudder in Demigorgon.Eventually. WHY NOT NOW? Lay your heartand your dollar on the right altar, you can't miss dividends.Your bread is buttered on the right side, children of God.Keep your eyes on the grand old nag.Don't Forget to Grease the Gears. It takes grease to getthere. Not Three-in-One either, but Gargoyle.In the night my soul, my daughter, cries, clinging to araft of greenback, and lo! Christ! . . . walking on thewaters, with a harp and a handful of signed receipts.Glory. . . . And the harp has golden strings. GLORY.And the harp . . . has . . . golden . . . strings. . . . Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler Portrait of Joe Gould Joseph Stella JOSEPH GOULD: THE MAN E. N. AND S. B. Coincident with the inauguration of the naughty nineties, JosephFerdinand Gould, historian, white-wing, and perpetual candidate forthe throne of Albania, made his first private appearance at Norwood,Mass. Born of undiluted Yankee stock, diapered and weaned by nonebut Yankee hands, the little gentleman was raised in the strict moraltraditions of his race. At a precocious age he entered the public schoolwhere his persistent interest in every phase of human activity astonishedhis fellow-pupils and instructors alike. Even at the age of thirteenwhen his school mates were only interested in abusing him, the littleJoseph was already publishing a small review, "The Gleam," whichcontained articles of literary and historical import.Upon graduating from the Norwood High School, Mr. Gouldcommuted to Harvard College. He naturally elected History as hismajor study, but always being more interested in the activities of hisown time rather than those of a previous one, he became a lively mem- ber of the Harvard Cosmopolitan Club. It was here from his closeassociation with the Hindu, African, Chinese, Albanian, and Siamesemembers that Mr. Gould learned of the injustices under which thesmaller nations of the world suffered. Being a man of action he atonce championed the cause of Albania and pledged himself to a life- long solicitation of funds toward Albanian Independence. It wasalso at this time that Mr. Gould was arrested for assault. On behalfof the negro race he kicked the Irish shins of a Scow Boston cop as aprotest against a motion picture, "The Birth of a Nation."Upon matriculating with honors from Harvard, Mr. Gould ob- tained a governmental position and was dispatched to the IndianReservation there to carry on anthropological investigations, particular- ly in the Tecumseh family. After completing his work for the govern- ment he returned to New York. A duel with the editor of a magazine,now defunct, immediately followed his return and soon after that thewar with Germany. Mr. Gould vainly tried to enlist in the gloriousranks of those fighting for world democracy, but being unable to passthe physical requirements of the army he was obliged to forego thatpleasure. At present Mr. Gould is employed as a book reviewer by ametropolitan daily. In personal appearance Mr. Gould is striking. Should he be com- ing around a corner the first harbinger of his approach is a prodigiouslylong cigarette holder which heaves into view like the bow-sprit of alarge schooner. If times are propitious a cigarette emitting clouds ofsmoke wobbles loosely at the end of it. Immediately following thebow-sprit, there appears a small sharp nose, or prow, on which a pairof bent wire spectacles rests askew. This in turn is followed by asparse and goatish beard, a scraggly mustache, two singularly brighteyes and finally an entire head crowned by an absurdly small pill-boxhat. Immediately beneath the head, in fact its only visible means ofsupport, one observes a long flopping overcoat which presumablyharbors within it some sort of vigorous little body which can and withamazing rapidity propel the aforesaid overcoat through traffic andaround corners. Attached to the frayed extremity of the right sleeve asmall parched hand clutches a number of grimy notebooks.It is this mass of grimy note-books which contain (or rather par- tially represent), for the fecundity of Mr. Gould passes all naturalbounds, his omniverous history of the contemporary world. Writtenin a cramped and curiously pedantic hand this work, which now reachesmany hundred volumes, touches upon every phase of human, animal,vegetable, and mineral activity. For Mr. Gould is restricted by nosubject, neither by the limits of time or space, decency or virtue, inter- est or insignificance, by the air above or the waters under the earth.His only requirement to which he persistently holds is that no factshall enter his history which he has not seen with his own eyes or heardwith his own ears.This requirement is the result of his own philosophic concept ofhistory. For unlike the general historians who believe that the worldand time have reached a final culmination in themselves and who forthat reason believe it is within their power to give the details of thepast a value in the light of their own emotional present, Mr. Gould at- tempts to renounce his personality and record in as dull and unindi- vidual a style as possible all the actual and fortuitous experience of hisown life. Thus he records the recitation of a drunken negro in theback room of a saloon with as equal an objective care as he describesthe funeral of his father in Norwood. For this reason his history ofthe world becomes, not an expressionistic work of art like other his- tories, but a purely scientific chronicle on which the historians of thefuture will base their subjective studies. SOCIAL POSITION Joseph Gould Nearly everyone is perplexed by the human instinct to eitherlord it over other people or bow down to them. In the eyes of theInfinite, all pride is dust and ashes. But as we must live with ourbrother man, it is natural that each of us should have his ideal ofproper society.I believe that we need an aristocracy in which each person canbe an aristocrat. That is to say every human being is entitled to alegitimate pride in his environment and antecedents. The Socialistvision is somewhat similar. However it insists too much on materialvalues. Its appeal is to those people who cannot respect themselveswithout good clothes and well-filled tummies. That is a wrong as- sumption. An Indian no matter how dire his poverty can dispensehospitality with dignity. He is his own welcome. Roger W. Babsononce asked me what I thought was the solution of the high cost ofliving. I answered, "The Indian system. Fewer wants." He thatknows he is as good a man as his neighbor does not need to impress byevidence of material wealth.The aristocrat is the highest type I can attain to. I believe thatif one only pushes aristocracy far enough it becomes democracy.In all externals, the two viewpoints keep the same code. One servesfrom love of humanity, the other to satisfy himself.I believe that no higher race of men ever lived than the back- woods Yankee farmer. Made independent by the toil of his ownhands he exacted no servility from others and he yielded it to none,those of higher social position in the artificial sense have had to pay forit by various acts of flunkeyism.I am very cosmopolitan and have met specimens of European,Asiatic, American Indian and African nobility. Not even exceptingWater Chief have I ever met anyone with more reason for pride in hisimmediate family and remoter ancestry than myself. I said to Godonce, "You know I am very proud. If I should ever meet anyonewith better blood in his veins than flows in mine what should my con- duct be?" The All Mighty answered me, "Be not alarmed. Until I repeal the law of the survival of the fittest, you will never meet any- one with a higher claim to pride of race. Your pride, of course, isnasty as all pride is, but it is the seed of so much of the good thatis in you, that I want you to keep it, until you find something better.Remember however that every human soul is as big as its environ- ment and heredity allow it to be."Civilization brings distinctions of caste apart from individual at- tainment. Thus is developed the patrician and the peasant. Eachhas a different set of virtues, and both are needed for the completesum of humanity. When you find a patrician without pride or apeasant without avarice, you get very nearly the perfect man.The European is usually descended from ancestors who wereall of the same caste. A Southerner's progenitors were all eitherF. F. V' sor all poor white trash. In New England there has alwaysbeen the mingling of the two strains. One of my ancestors was thefirst Governor of Connecticut. Another came as an indentured ser- vant. Mrs. Bowie said to me once, "There are two types of gentle- men. One is the gentleman by the grace of God. I knew a slavewho was that. Then there is the gentleman by virtue of inheritedculture. You belong to both types." At one time I would have beengreatly pleased with this compliment. Now however, I feel that ifI am not big enough to belong to all humanity, I want to think ofmyself as belonging to the masses rather than to the classes. Idonot want to consider myself a gentleman in the archaic sense unless thisdistinction permits me to feel as proud of my progenitors who livedlives of modest toil and were first nowhere upon the field of battle,as I am of colonial governors, knights, nobles, kings and emperors whoalso had to live that I might be.The past has many claims upon me. I regard the continuity oflife as the great miracle, and through genealogical research I like toproject myself back into the past. Hence lam a confirmed ancestorworshipper. I can still remember the mental glow I experienced whenI first learned of my descent from William the Conqueror. At thepresent time I feel differently. The early kings and nobles were verypromiscuous. I doubt whether there is an Englishman alive who isnot descended from William the Conqueror, or a European who isnot descended from Charlemagne. I would like to be really ex- clusive. I wish I could trace my pedigree back to some common personwho lived in the eleventh century.My racial work brought me into contact with certain celebrities.My father and mother treated them with dignity and courtesy giving them the best they had. When I invited a Negro deckhand to visitme they treated him in the same way. They were sure enough oftheir own position to be able to do this. That is real aristocracy. Ido not consider anyone quite my social equal who can not do thesame. Ralph Watson said to me when I expressed this idea to him,"You would find your social equal among bar tenders then." I re- plied, "Not among all. They might be able to entertain a Negrodeckhand and yet be flustered by a celebrity. On the other hand Ifeel as if I were slumming when I visit households where the Negrodeckhand could not be entertained."Goni Katundi the proprietor of the Albanian restaurant, Vatru,did not wish me to invite Miss Culot there, although she had beenin Albania, because he thought she was of too high a caste. When Itook her there, I apologized for this neglect on his part and toldher the reason. I said he was wrong because the Albanian restaurantwas good enough for me, and what was good enough for Joe Gouldwas good enough for any one else that God had made. She smiledapproval and said, "That's the proper way to feel about it." At thetime she did not hear what I added, that whatever was good enoughfor anybody else that God had made was good enough for JoeGould. I would use this addition to illustrate the difference betweenthe aristocrat and the snob.I feel very cocky when I think of the three highest social honorsthat I have received. The one that I valued least was when I tried sohard to get into the army that Captain A. J. Boyce was impressedand spoke to Roosevelt about me and the doughty colonel told himto bring me to Oyster Bay. Roosevelt was out of luck, for CaptainBoyce lost track of me. As Roosevelt had no backwoods Yankeeblood in him, of course, he was not quite my equal, but I was honestlypleased that despite my poor physique I had made such an impressionupon Captain Boyce as a man among men that he deemed me worthyof the highest honor he could pay me.I was more pleased by what happened the first time I met Mrs.Rust, the widow of the Confederate general who commanded in thebattle of Port Hudson in which my grandfather participated. Hergrandfather and her husband were congressmen, and she had movedin the highest society in Washington and danced twice with EdwardVII. She was akin to the aristocratic families of the Old South andthe list of her relatives was lousy with distinguished names. It wassupposed that we would clash bitterly because my Negrophile pre- judices were so strong. By a few proofs of deference, I won her so completely that on offering me a second helping she said, "Will youhave some more veal, Joe?" She did not call others by their firstname whom she had known a much longer time. My head was a bitturned then by this unexpected acceptance by the feudal South, butI now feel that the real point of the honor was that I had pleased an oldwoman. The old and children are the best judges of character be- cause they are less observant of the superficial.I have also had the highest social honor possible. Water Chiefoffered me his peace pipe as a personal friend and an equal. Anyruling dynasty among white people is a mere mushroom in comparison.Hereafter, if I am invited to meet kings or emperors or even PoliceCommissioner Enright, I will feel that I do them more honor than theydo me. * Chapter CCCLXVIII of Joseph Gould's History of the Contemporary World,to be published posthumously. ELLSWORTH TO GREAT POND Winifred Virginia Jackson Drink hard cider, swig hard cider,Swill hard cider, Boys!Throw yer spikers, throw yer peavies,Beller out yer noise!Grub in Waltham, drink in Waltham,Slogger up an' down!Hide ye slat-faced, heathen Christians,K-J's crew's in town!Drink hard cider, swig hard cider,Whoop 'er up, O Boys!Hell' s own roarin', cant-dog sawmillCan't make half our noise!Sling yer spikers, sling yer peavies,Put yer head to use!K-J's waitin'! K- T's watchin'!King o' old K. Spruce! THE POET ASSASSINATED Guillaume Apollinaire(Translated by Matthew Josephson) XVI PERSECUTION At this time prizes for poetry were being awarded every day.Thousands of societies had been founded for this purpose and theirmembers lived on the fat of the land, while making upon fixed dateslarge benefices to poets. But the 26th of January was the day uponwhich the largest associations, companies, boards of directors, acad- emies, committees, juries, etc., of the whole world bestowed theirawards. Upon this day 8,019 prizes for poetry were distributed,the total of which aggregated 50,005,225 francs. On the other hand,since the taste for poetry had never spread among any class of thepopulation of any country, public opinion had risen powerfullyagainst the poets who were called parasites, lazy, useless, and soforth. The 26th of January of this year passed without incident,but on the following day the great newspaper, La Voix, published atAdelaide (Australia) in the French language, contained an article bythe distinguished agricultural chemist Horace Tograth (a Germanborn at Leipzig), whose discoveries and inventions had frequentlyseemed to border on the miraculous. The article, entitled The Laurel,contained a sort of chronology of the culture of the laurel in Judea,in Greece, in Italy, in Africa and in Provence. The author gavecounsel to those who had laurel trees in their gardens, indicating themultiple usage of the laurel, as a food, in art, in poetry, and its roleas a symbol of poetic glory. He then began to talk of mythology,making allusions to Apollo and the fable of Daphne. Finally,Horace Tograth changed his tone brusquely and concluded his articleas follows:"And furthermore, I say candidly, this useless tree is still toocommon, and we have less glorious symbolisms to which people at- tribute the famous savour of the laurel. The laurel holds too largea place upon our overpopulated earth, the laurels are unworthy ofliving. Each one of them takes the place of two in the sun. Let thembe chopped down, and let their leaves be feared as a poison. Hithertosymbols of poetry and literary science, they are nothing more today than that death-glory which is to glory as death is to life, and as thehand of glory is to the key."True glory has abandoned poetry for science, philosophy, acro- batics, philanthropy, sociology, etc. . . . Poets are good for nothingmore nowadays than to receive money which they do not earn, sincethey scarcely ever work and most of them (except for the minstrels)have no talent and no excuse whatsoever. As to those who have somegifts, they are even more obnoxious, for if they receive nothing theymake more noise than a regiment and din our ears with their beingpersecuted. None of these people have any raison d'etre. The prizeswhich are awarded them are stolen from workers, inventors, scientists,philosophers, acrobats, philanthropists, sociologists, and so forth. Thepoets must disappear. Lycurgus would have banished them from theRepublic, we too must banish them. Otherwise, the poets, lazy fiefs,will become our princes and while doing nothing, live off our work,oppressing us, and mocking us. In short, we must rid ourselves im- mediately of the poets' tyranny."If the republics and the kings, if the nations do not take care,the race of poets, too privileged, will increase in such proportions andso rapidly that in a short time no one will want to work, invent, teach,do dangerous feats, heal the sick and improve the lot of unfortunatemen."An enormous stir greeted this article. It was telegraphed or tele- phoned everywhere, all the newspapers reproduced it. A few literaryjournals followed their quotations from Tograth's article with mock- ing reflections as to the scientist; there were doubts as to his mentalstate. They laughed at the terror which he manifested over the lyriclaurel. However, the journals of commerce and information madegreat ado about his warnings. They even said that the article inLa Voix was a work of genius.The article by Horace Tograth had been a singular pretext, ad- mirably fitted to fan the blaze of hatred for poetry. It made its appealthrough the traditional sense of the supernatural, whose memory liesin all well bom men, and to the instinct for preservation which allbeings feel. That was why nearly all Tograth's readers were thunder- struck, aghast, and wanted to lose no occasion to obliterate poets who,because of the great numbers of prizes they received were the subjectsof the jealousy of all classes of the population. The majority of thenewspapers advocated that the government take measures leading tothe prohibition of all poetry prizes.In the evening, in a later edition of La Voix, the agricultural chemist, Horace Tograth, published a new article which like theother telephoned or telegraphed everywhere, carried popular emotionto a climax in the press, among the public and the governments. Thescientist concluded as follows:"World, choose between thy life and poetry; if serious measuresare not taken, civilization is done for. Thou must not hesitate. Fromtomorrow on begins the new era. Poetry will exist no longer, thelyres too heavy for old inspirations will be broken. The poets will bemassacred." During the night, life went on just as usual in all the cities ofthe globe. The article, telegraphed everywhere, had been publishedin the special editions of the local newspapers and snatched up bythe hungry public. The people all sided with Tograth. Ringleadersdescended into the streets and, mingling with the aroused mobs, ex- cited them further. But most governments held sittings that verynight and passed legislation which provoked an indescribable en- thusiasm. France, Italy, Spain and Portugal decreed that all poetsestablished on their territory should be imprisoned at once pendingthe determination of their lot. It was cabled that the United Statesof America had decided to electrocute any man who avowed hisprofession to be that of poetry. In fact, all of the States on earth,even those who possessed nothing but meager little bards lacking inall lyricism took measures against the very name of poetry. OnlyEngland and Russia were exceptions. The laws went into effect thenext day, while the literary magazines appeared all garbed in black,lamenting the new terror. Dispatches toward noon told how Aris- tenetius Southwest, the great negro poet of Haiti had been cut intopieces and devoured by an infuriated populace of negroes and mulat- toes. At Cologne, the Kaiserglocke had sounded all night and in themorning Herr Professor Doktor Stimmung, author of a medieval epicin forty-eight cantos, having gone out to take the train for Hanover,was set upon by a troop of fanatics who beat him with sticks crying:"Death to the poet!"He took refuge in the cathedral and remained locked in therewith a few beadles, by the excited population of Drikkes, Hanses, andMarizibills. These last particularly, were beside themselves with rage,invoking the Virgin, Saint Ursula and the Three Royal Magi inplatdeutsch. Their paternosters and pious oaths were interspersedwith admirably vile insults to the professor-poet, who owed his rep- utation chiefly to the unisexuality of his morals. His head to the ground, he was nearly dying of fear under the big wooden statue ofSaint Christopher.Telegrams everywhere announced the arrests of poets, one afteranother, and the electrocution of the American poets was made knownearly in the afternoon.In Paris, several young poets of the left bank, who had beenspared on account of their lack of notoriety, organized a demon- stration extending from the Closerie des Lilas to the Couriergerie,where the "prince of poets" was imprisoned.*Troops arrived to disperse the demonstrators. The cavalry charged.The poets drew their firearms and defended themselves but thepeople rushed in and took a hand in the melee. The poets werestrangled and everyone else who came to their defense.Thus began the great persecution which swept rapidly through- out the entire world. In America, after the electrocution of thefamous poets, they lynched all the negro minstrels and even manypersons who had never in their lives written a rhyme; then they fellupon the whites of literary Bohemia. It was learned that Tograth,after having personally directed the persecution in Australia, had em- barked at Melbourne. XVII ASSASSINATION Like Orpheus, all the poets felt violent death staring them inthe face. Everywhere, publishers had been pillaged and collectionsof verse burnt. The admiration of all went out to this Horace Tograthwho, from far off Adelaide (Australia), had succeeded in unloosingthis storm which seemed destined to destroy poetry forever. Thisman's knowledge, they said, bordered on the miraculous. He coulddrive away clouds or bring on rain anywhere he pleased. Women,once they had seen him were ready to do his bidding. For the rest,he did not disdain either feminine or masculine virginities. As soonas Tograth had seen what enthusiasms he had evoked in the wholeworld, he announced that he would visit the principal cities of theglobe, after Australia had been rid of its erotic and elegiac poets.And indeed some time later uprisings of the population were heard of in Tokio, Pekin, Yakutsk, Calcutta, Buenos Ayres, San Francisco,Chicago, upon the appearance of the terrible German, Tograth.Wherever he went, he left an unearthly impression on account of his"miracles," (which he called scientific), and his extraordinary heal- ings, all of which lifted his repute as a scientist and a thaumaturgistto sublime heights.On May 30, Tograth disembarked at Marseilles. The peoplewere massed along the quays; Tograth landed from the steamer ina launch. No sooner was he recognized than cries, shouts, toasts,from innumerable gullets mingled with the sound of the wind, thewaves and the sirens of the vessels. Tograth, tall and thin, was stand- ing up in the launch. As it approached the land, the features of thehero could be distinguished more and more clearly. His face wassmooth-shaven and blue, his mouth almost lipless, disfigured by anugly cut; he had a receding chin which gave him the appearance,one might have said, of a shark. His brow rose straight up, veryhigh and very large. Tograth was dressed in a pasty white costume,his shoes also being white and high-heeled. He wore no hat. As soonas he placed his foot upon the soil of Marseilles the furor of thecrowd rose to such heights that when the quays were cleared threehundred people were found dead, strangled, trampled, crushed.Several men seized the hero and raised him upon their shoulderswhile they sang and shouted, and women threw flowers at him allthe way to the hotel where a suite had been prepared for him andmanagers, interpreters and bell-boys were waiting to greet him. On the same morning, Croniamantal coming from Briinn hadarrived at Marseilles to look for Tristouse who had been there sincethe evening before with Paponat. All three mingled in the crowdwhich acclaimed Tograth before the hotel where he was to stop."Happy tumult," said Tristouse, "You are not a poet, Paponat,you have learned things which are worth infinitely more than poetry.Is it not true, Paponat, that you are in no way a poet?""Indeed, my dear," replied Paponat, "I have rhymed at timesin order to amuse myself, but I am not a poet, I am an excellentbusiness man and no one knows better than I how to manage anestate.""Tonight you must mail a letter to La Voix of Adelaide; youmust tell them all that, and so you will be safe.""I shall not fail to do that," said Paponat. "Did you ever hearof such a thing, a poet! That goes for Croniamantal." "I hope to God," said Tristouse, "that they will massacre himin Briinn where he expects to find us.""But there he is right now," whispered Paponat. "He is in thecrowd. He is hiding himself and hasn't seen us.""I wish they would hurry up and massacre him," sighed Tris- touse. "I have an idea that that will happen soon.""Look," exclaimed Paponat, "here comes the hero." The cortege which accompanied Tograth having arrived at thehotel, they permitted him to descend from their shoulders. Tograthturned to the crowd and addressed them:"Marseilles, in thanking you I could employ, if I wished, com- pliments that are fatter than your world-renowned sardines. I could,if I wished, make a long speech. But words will never quite en- compass the magnificence of the reception which you have accordedme. I know that there are maladies in your midst that I might healnot only with my knowledge but with that which scientists have ac- cumulated for myriads of years. Bring forth the sick, and I shallheal them."A man whose cranium was as bald as that of an inhabitant ofMycona cried:"Tograth! god-like mortal, all puissant savaniissimo! Give mea luxuriant mane of hair."Tograth smiled and asked that the man approach him; then hetouched the denuded head, saying:"Thy sterile pate shall be covered with an abundant vegetation,but remember always this favor by hating the laurel."At the same time as the bald man, a little girl approached. Sheimplored Tograth:"Sweet man, sweet man, look at my mouth, my lover with a blowof his fist has broken several teeth, return them to me."The scientist smiled and put his finger into her mouth, saying:"Now thou canst chew, thou hast excellent teeth. But in return,show us what thou hast in thy bag."The girl laughed, opening her mouth in which the new teethgleamed; then she opened her bag, excusing herself:"What a funny idea, before everybody! Here are my keys, herean enamelled photograph of my lover; he really looks better than that."But the eyes of Tograth were greedy; he had perceived allfolded up in her bag several Parisian songs, rhymed and set to Viennese airs. He took these papers and after having scrutinizedthem, asked:"These are nothing but songs, have you no poems?""I have a very lovely one," said the girl. "It was the bell-boyof the Hotel Victoria wrote it for me before he left for Switzerland.But I never showed it to Sossi."And she proffered Tograth a little rose sheet of paper on whichwas written a pathetic acrostic."It is not only poetry," exclaimed Tograth, "it is idiotic."And he tore up the paper and threw it into the ditch, while thegirl knocked her teeth in fright and cried:"Sweet man, good man, I did not know that it was bad."Just then Croniamantal advanced close to Tograth and apos- trophized the crowd:"Carrion, assassins!"They burst into laughter. They yelled:"Into the water with him, the rat."And Tograth, looking Croniamantal in the face, said:"My good brother, let not my affluence disturb you. As for me,I love the people, even though I stop at hotels which they do notfrequent."The poet let Tograth talk, then he continued to address the crowd:"Carrion, laugh at me, your joys are numbered, each one of themwill be torn from you one by one. And do you know, o people, whatyour hero is?"Tograth smiled and the crowd became all attention. The poetcontinued:"Your hero, o populace, is Boredom bringing Misery."A cry of astonishment issued from all the throats. Women crossedthemselves. Tograth wanted to speak, but Croniamantal seized himsuddenly by the neck, threw him to the ground and held him therewith his foot on the man's chest, while he spoke:"It is Boredom and Misery, the monstrous enemy of man, theBehemoth glutted with debauchery and rape, dripping the blood ofmarvellous poets. He is the vomit of the Antipodes, and his miraclesdeceive the clairvoyant no more than the miracles of Simon the Magidid the Apostles. Marseillais, Marseillais, woe that you whose an- cestors come from the most purely lyrical land, should unite with theenemies of poetry, with the barbarians of all the nations. What astrange miracle, this, of the German returned from Australia! To have imposed it upon the world and to have been for a momentstronger than creation itself, stronger than immortal poetry."But Tograth who was able to extricate himself at last, arose,soiled with dust and drunk with rage. He asked:"Who are you?""Who are you, who are you?" cried the crowd.The poet turned toward the east and in exalted tones said:"I am Croniamantal, the greatest of living poets. I have oftenseen God face to face, I have borne the divine rapture which myhuman eyes tempered. I was born in eternity. But the day has come,and I am here before you."Tograth greeted these last words with a terrible burst of laughter,and the first ranks of the crowd seeing Tograth laugh, took up hislaughter, which, in bursts, in rolls, in trills, was soon communicatedthroughout the entire populace, even to Paponat and Tristouse Bal- lerinette. All of the open mouths yawned at Croniamantal, who be- came ill at ease. Interspersed with the laughter were shouts of:"Into the water with the poet! . . . Burn him, Croniamantal!... To the dogs with him, lover of the laurel!"A man who was in the first ranks and carried a heavy club gaveCroniamantal a blow, causing him to make a painful grimace whichdoubled the merriment of the crowd. A stone, accurately thrown,struck the nose of the poet and drew blood. A fish merchant forcedhis way through the mob and, confronting Croniamantal, said:"Hou! the raven. I remember you, all right, you're a policemanwho wanted to pass for a poet; there, cow; take that, story teller."And he gave him a terrific slap, spitting in his face. The manwhom Tograth had cured of alopecia came to him and said:"Look at my hair, is it a false miracle or not?"And lifting his cane, he thrust it so adroitly that he gouged outCroniamantal's right eye. Croniamantal fell over backward, womenthrew themselves upon him and beat him. Tristouse jumped up anddown with joy, while Paponat tried to calm her. But she went overand with the end of her umbrella stuck out Croniamantal's other eye,while he, seeing her in this last moment of sight, cried:"I confess my love for Tristouse Ballerinette, the divine poesythat consoles my soul.""Shut up, vermin!" cried the crowd of men, "there are ladieshere."The women went away soon, and a man who was balancing a large knife on his open hand threw it in such a way that it landedright in the open mouth of Croniamantal. Other men did the samething. The knives stuck in his belly, his chest, and soon there wasnothing more on the ground than a corpse bristling with points likethe husk of a chestnut. XVIII APOTHEOSIS Croniamantal dead, Paponat brought Tristouse Ballerinette backto the hotel, where she relapsed into nervous fainting-spells. Theywere in a very old building and by chance Paponat discovered,wrapped up in cardboard, a bottle of water of the Queen of Hungarywhich dated from the 1 7th Century. This remedy worked rapidly.Tristouse recovered her senses and immediately went to the hospitalto claim the body of Croniamantal which was turned over to herwithout delay.She arranged a decent burial for him and placed over his tomba stone on which there was engraved the following epitaph:Walk lightly and your silence keep,To leave untroubled his good sleep.Then she went back to Paris with Paponat who soon left herfor a mannequin of the Champs-Elysees.Tristouse did not regret him very long. She went into mourningfor Croniamantal and climbed up to the Montmartre, to the Bird ofBenin's who began to pay court to her, and after he had what hedesired they began to talk of Croniamantal."I ought to make a statue to him," said the Bird of Benin, "ForI am not only a painter but also a sculptor.""That's right," said Tristouse, "we must raise a statue to him.""Where?" asked the Bird of Benin; "The government will notgrant us any ground. Times are bad for poets.""So they say," replied Tristouse, "but perhaps it isn't true. Whatdo you think of the Meudon woods?""I thought of that, but I dared not say it. Let's go to the Meudonwoods.""A statue of what?" asked Tristouse, "Marble? Bronze?""No, that's old fashioned. I must model a profound statue outof nothing, like poetry and glory." "Bravo! Bravo!" cried Tristouse clapping her hands, "A statueout of nothing, empty, that's lovely, and when will you make it?""Tomorrow, if you wish; we shall go and dine, pass the nighttogether, and in the morning we shall go to the Meudon woods whereI shall make this profound statue."No sooner said, than done. They went and dined with the eliteof the Montmartre, returned to sleep at midnight and on the nextmorning at nine oclock, after having armed himself with a pick-axe,a spade, a shovel and some boasting-chisels, they took the road forthe pretty Meudon woods, where they met the Prince of Poets, ac- companied by his little friend, quite happy over the pleasant dayshe had spent in the City-prison.Then they had lunch on the grass.The afternoon was devoted by the Bird of Benin to sculpturingthe interior of the monument to Croniamantal.On the following day, the sculptor came back with workingmenwho fixed up an armed cement wall, six inches broad on top, andeighteen inches broad at the base, so that the empty space had theform of Croniamantal, and the hole was full of his specter. On the next day, the Bird of Benin, Tristouse, the Prince ofPoets and his little friend came back to the statue which was heapedup with earth which they had gathered here and there, and at night- fall they planted a fine laurel tree, while Tristouse Ballerinette dancedand sang:No one loves thee thou art lyingPalantila Mila MimaWhen he was lover to the queenHe was king while she was queen'Tis true, 'tis true that I love himCroniamantal way down in the pitCan that be rightLet us gather the sweet marjoramAt night. * Paul Fort, broad-brimmed black hat, was in Apollinaire's time an inveteratefrequenter of the Closerie, two blocks west along the Boulvard Montparnassefrom the Cafe Rotonde, where Apollinaire and his circle held forth.—Tr. Charles Sheeler Bucks County Barn Bucks County Barn Charles Sheeler "A BOIRE! A BOIRE!" Slater Brown Gargantua shouted it when he came fat and ruddy tumbling intothat bright and wine-glorious country of France. And though I toohave bellowed his radiant and congenial war-cry, perhaps with notso large a throat but with at least as thirsty a one, I have received noanswer in this measly land of prohibition but the flurried reproachesof old temperance trots or a rancid sermon or two from some blartingminister. But such gratuitous hot air has brought me no nearer to aliberal bottle of old Burgundy or to a cool, silent, contemplative steinof Miinchener Beer than it has to Paradise.For it is a shocking truth that this country is so lousy and over- run with efficiency hounds, moralizing nitwits, and rubber-heel re- formers that a man can hardly lick a postage stamp in public withoutbeing haled into court for indecent exposure. As for drinking, or anyother of those joyful arts that make life something more than pullingdown a fat salary in a mill or breeding a large and hopeless swarmof children, they have eternally disappeared. For this virulent pesti- lence of busy-bodies is ever on the alert to descend on any humanpleasure and despoil it. Being psychopaths whose minds are of aninordinate filth, they can imagine no vice more horrible than that ofliving, and would rather a man work himself pie-eyed in a sweat-shopor yodel himself cuckoo in a church choir than to see him loaf somesunny afternoon with a few friends, an accordion, and a keg of beer.But I am more interested in art than I am in fools, and if Amer- icans not only insist on swallowing everything these busy vice-snifferssling them, but also continue to believe that it is every man's boundenduty to make himself as unhappy as possible for the good of an un- happy many, then all I can say is "God Bless Them," and pass on.If I remember correctly, prohibition has been scourging this countryfor the past four years. Probably more. It seems at least a decadesince I last wet my whistle with anything approaching good liquor.For although the bootleg industry is as highly organized as any ofHenry Ford's machine shops, the liquor it dispenses is not only sodoctored, dyed and cut with spurious acids as to make its consumptionalmost a question of suicide, but its cost is so far beyond the reach ofan average human pocketbook that only those fortunate mortals whoare endowed both with untold wealth and a celluloid stomach dareto consume it. Indeed it is an unhappy enough condition for any human Ameri- can, but particularly for those writers who, in maintaining their artisticintegrity, must forever be on the verge of taking the Franciscan vowof poverty. For though of old, Beer was the poor man's Freud, ithas now become an inaccessible salvation, and the honest writer beingunable to find any alcoholic release for his complexes or his simplexes,his auto-, klepto-, hydro-, or nympho-manias, must either repress themin silence or find expression for them in his art. As for me I shouldregret either of these eventualities, and should be as pained to findmy friends gargling tea with a flock of inhibited females as I wouldto find them limiting their literary subject matter to the romantic ex- ploits of a shop-lifter, a whoremonger, or a water fiend. For ignoringits demoralizing influence on the pubic or public mind such a literaturewould be merely that infantile volitionism against which my friendMr. Kenneth Burke has propounded many unanswerable arguments.But enough of manias, repressions, complexes, hebephrenia. Suchtalk will not get a man an honest snootful, and though when the skyfalls we will all catch larks, there is slight chance of that ever happen- ing in the U. S. A. Let us consider this frustrating problem rationally.Of solutions there appear to be three: Expatriation, Rusticationand The Catacombs.I will however pass over the first, Expatriation, rapidly, believingas I do that the problem of prohibition should be faced and not runaway from. The second, Rustication, is at present among writersone of the more popular solutions. It consists in retiring to some wilder- ness where, securely cloistered against the incursions of snooping rum- agents, the writer may brew such liquors and in such quantities as hemay desire. But such a troglodytic life implies an almost total lossof personal contact with his fellow craftsmen, and though it is at timesadvisable to play one's lonely flute in some sequestered nook or covert,such self-inflicted solitude inevitably leads a writer to take both himselfand his technique with too astringent a seriousness.The third and last solution of which I will speak is one suggestedin a recent issue of the Dial; the Catacombs. These catacombs orcrypts which presumably are to be burrowed under some Americancathedral such as the Woolworth Building or the Bush Terminal, areto be utilized according to the Dial by such writers who in renouncingthe questionable virtue of Quantity Production have found themselvesat loggerheads with the Capitalist System. To the catacombs thesewriters will then repair, and publishing their intransigeant volumes ofprose or verse upon the presses supplied them, will, in the early hours of morning, distribute them upon the brown-stone stoops of the Fifties.Though I heartily agree with the spirit of this suggestion, it doesnot go far enough. Let us have catacombs by all means, but let usnot use them to so sad a purpose. Let us not make monasteries ofthem. Let us, instead of filling them with type, fill them with goodliquor. Let us conceal within the bowels of our crypt all manner ofstrong drink. Let us fill our catacombs with rum and whiskey, withthe wines of Bordeaux and Burgundy, with Hennesy's Five StarCognac, with Vermouth and Grenadine, with Holland Gin, Sauterne,and Bass's Ale, with Chartreuse Jaune, Benedictine and Vieux Marc,with Champagne, with barrel upon barrel of Miinchener Beer, withAsti Spumanti and name-your-own, with Chianti and Green RiverRye, with Moulin a Vent 1912, with Nebiolo, Swedish Punch andChateau Yquem, with Vodka, Sherry and Lachrymae Christi, with allthe merry, belly-warming, soul-stirring, and mind-ennobling drinksof this wet and reeling earth.And there ensconced some evening among our kegs and ourbottles, send down to us, O Mr. William H. Anderson, your roaringwind-pots and spittle-tossers. Let them fill up to their pop-eyes withall the non-alcoholic belly-wash of New York, but let my heartyroistering comrades fortify themselves with a few neat shots of oldBourbon or a brace of cool schooners, and I assure you, though yourbarnstormers pick their own subjects, that my friends will so ham- string and hobble them with arguments of wit, ridicule and logic thatby the end of a half hour your proselyting roarers will be more blearyeyed with confusion than a styful of stuck pigs. For I have seen myfriends so jingled with good liquor they could not walk, yet withalso adroit and nimble in their wit, so lucid and eloquent in their thought,that merely to overhear their discourses was worth a library of booksor a whole band-wagon of lecturing professors.But we will not trifle away our time with blubber-mouths andprohibitionists. Our time will be passed in those sports and occupationsfor which God in His infinite mercy has placed man upon this earth.So, pledging our minds and our hearts to drinking and creating, witha pen in one hand and a mug of beer in the other, we will make abright havoc of this our puritanical land, impregnating its fallowwomb with our lusty children. HOW MANY MILES TO BABYLON? Robert Graves How many miles to Babylon?Threescore miles and ten.Can I gel there by candle-light?Yes, and back again.This nursery rhyme has won the eulogies of R. L. Stevenson andMr. Walter de la Mare, among other distinguished poets, as beingone of the most truly poetic pieces in the language. This appears tobe generally accepted, but, when I first came to ask why, the samevery insufficient answer was always given. "Oh, I couldn't tell you,I suppose because it's so simple." But I found that when I askedpeople to think about this poem on the lines of conflicting ideas recon- ciling themselves in symbolism by means of associative thought, theyadmitted that, on the contrary, it was a poem of extraordinarily subtleand condensed argument. The following is a synthetic version of con- versations on the same subject with several friends, Englishmen andAmericans.R. G.: "The first version that I heard of the poem wasHow many miles to Babyland?Threescore miles and ten {etc.)How does that strike you?"Friend: "It ruins the poem."R. G.: "But suppose lam right in concluding that the rhymecame, like all or nearly all good rhymes, from the Lowland Scots,and Babby Lon' was converted by South Countrymen into a singleword? What then?"Friend: " 'Babylon' is the best version in spite of scholiasts."R. G.: "But what does Babylon mean, that Babyland does notmean? Is Babylon a mere remote Timbuctoo, or is it somethingV'more ?Friend: "For me it has a great sense of magnificence, hanginggardens and all that, but also from the book of Revelation, and fromthe prophetic books of the Old Testament, it has the suggestion of awicked power constantly coaxing and threatening the chosen peopleto destruction. R. G.: "So the poem contrasts childish innocence, as expressedin 'candle-light', with the world, flesh, and devil of 'Babylon'?"Friend: "I suppose so, but there is more than innocence in thecandle-light symbol."R. G.: "Loyalty?"Friend: "Yes, loyalty and faith from the ecclesiastical tradition."R. G.: "Then perhaps you would accept this as a tentativeanalysis of the effect produced in you by the poem: It is a dialogue,the man who has gone astray after the lusts of the flesh and the sophisti- cations of the world addresses a child who lies innocently in bed.When the child asks the question the man feels that, in spite of thechild's apparent helplessness and his ignorance of the determinate sideof life, he himself with all his strength and worldly wisdom is farinferior in power to the child."Friend: " 'Except ye become as little children' in fact? I admitthat I get that feeling, but I don't see where you deduce the 'sophistica- tion' and the 'determinate side of life.' "R. G.: "Well, what if I were to say"How many miles to Babylon?Fourscore miles and six."Is three-score and ten merely an archaic 'seventy'?"Friend: "No, indeed. I see it now. Threescore and ten is thelimit on life imposed by the psalmist,. and associated in the memorywith 'labour and heaviness.' But what about 'yes, and back again'?"R. G.: "The remnant's return with all its disillusion and de- spondency. My mind rides with Ezra around the circuit of the Soul'sJerusalem and finds all in ruins. The poem takes on fresh significance.'Keep innocency,' it preaches, 'and you can pass through the Babylonof manhood and return safe and sound with as much ease as in child- hood you visited that magnificent city in your dreams and came backbefore the candle had burned to its socket.' "Friend: "The old dialogue, then, of body and soul? But Ithink you have disregarded another buried suggestion in the 'threescoreand ten.' Only a remnant attains fourscore, only a remnant wins backfrom Babylon, and they are both confronted with the hopeless task ofrepairing a lifetime's damage to their spiritual sense."R. G.: "That improves the argument. Probably Babyland isonly a nursery stupidity. That Babylon is the original version seemsproved by the interaction of the other symbols too closely for coinci- dence." Friend: "That is likely. Nursery rhymes and fables are thedetritus beds of very ancient history and thought."R. G.: "The whole process of romantic poetry is shown in thisBabylon rhyme. To read or write poetry is to escape under rhythmichypnotism to a primitive state of thought in which the oppression oftime and space is no longer felt. Poetry is the Lubberland of thelegend, where the traveller's mouth needs only to open and food dropsfrom the trees into it, while roasted sucking-pigs run about with knifeand fork sticking into their backs, the land where whatever is wanted,IS.Friend: "Would you say that within the limits of the Christiangroup to whom the associations of Babylon, candle-light, and three- score and ten are common, the poem strikes the same chords in the un- conscious mind?"R. G.: "Not quite. As there are degrees of implication, so thereare degrees of perception. There is a common core of experience, cer- tainly, but each individual has, for instance, different personal associ- ations with candle-light, which alter the force of the conflict, whetherthe candle is thought of more particularly as a friendly charm againstdarkness, or whether the aspect of the short flickering life of the candlemay associate itself more nearly with the threescore and ten idea. Anunfortunate identification of Babylon with the Church of Rome wouldmake candle-light into a Popish attribute, and make havoc of thesense. That shows the insecurity of the appeal, even in poems mostuniversally accepted as achieving their end." SOTO AND THE NEW WORLD William Carlos Williams Courage is strength—and you are vigilant, sagacious, firm besides.But I am beautiful—as "a cane box, called petaca, full of unboredpearls." lam beautiful: a city greater than Cuzco; rocks loaded withgold as a comb with honey. Believe it. You will not dare to ceasefollowing me—at Apalachi, at Cutifachiqui, at Mabilla, turning fromthe sea, facing inland. And in the end you shall receive of me, nothing—save one long caress as of a great river passing forever upon yoursweet corpse.Balboa lost his eyes on the smile of the Chinese ocean; Cabeca deVaca lived hard and saw much; Pizarro, Cortez, Coronado—but you,Hernando de Soto, keeping the lead four years in a savage country,against odds, "without fortress or support of any kind," you are mine,Black Jasmine, mine.On Friday, the 30th day of May, in the year 1548, the army,fresh from Cuba, landed in Florida, two leagues from the town ofan Indian chief named Ucita. The ground was very fenny and en- cumbered with dense thickets and high trees.From this place, Espiritu Santo, to Anhaica Apalachi, where theywintered that year, the course was north and west, a march of abouta hundred leagues—through obscure and intricate parts: native vil- lages in the swamps, Caliquen, Napateca, Hurripacuxi, Paracoxi,Tocaste, Cale—outlandish names. Who will recognize them? Nonebut you. To the rest without definition but to you each a thing initself, delicate, pregnant with sudden meanings. The way had beendifficult: through a great morass, misled, ambuscaded at the fords,fighting, swimming, starving, thankful for a little parched corn, noteven ripe, the cob and all being eaten as it was, and the stalk too forwant of better. It is de Soto! all goes forward somehow. But lambefore you.It is my country on which you are treading. Everything is in ac- cordance with my wish. Eight men start from a thicket, naked andtatooed, your lancers rush upon them, but one falls to his knees cryingout, "Do not kill me, lam a Christian!" It is Juan Ortiz, relic ofNarvaez' forces, whom I have nursed tenderly for you these twelveyears, teaching him the wild language. Witness my love. But I shalltake him from you when he is most needed. On Wednesday, the 3rd of March, 1549, the Governor left hiswinter quarters at Apalachi to seek Yupaha, of which a young slavehad told them: a country toward the rising sun, governed by a woman,where there was gold in quantity.Led by the youth they continued to bear east and north in the hopeof finding the country of which he had spoke: days, weeks, a month—with small food, such want of meat and salt that often-times, in manyplaces, a sick man would say, "Now, if I had but a slice of meat, oronly a few lumps of salt, I should not thus die." But the Indians,skillful with the bow, would get abundance of deer, turkeys, rabbitsand other game. Crossing a stream after nine last days of forcedmarching they came out into a pine grove on the far bank. Here alldirection was lost. He went about for the road and returned to usdesperate."The Governor had brought thirteen sows to Florida, which had in- creased to three hundred swine; and the maize having failed for threedays, he ordered killed daily, for each man, half a pound of pork, onwhich small allowance, and some boiled herbs, the people with muchdifficulty lived.From Apalachi to Cutifachiqui, where presently after the greatesthardships they arrived, they had travelled north-east it may be fourhundred and thirty leagues. At this place, on the Savanna River, twodays' march from the sea, it appeared well to all to make a settlement;but Soto, as it was his object to find another treasure like that ofAtabalipa, lord of Peru, would not be content to stay. The nativeswere asked if they had knowledge of any great lord further on, towhich they answered that twelve days' travel thence was a provincecalled Chiaha, subject to a chief of Coga.The Governor then resolved, having rested his army, to go at oncein quest of that country, taking with him a quantity of pearls which thecagiqua had given him; and being an inflexible man, and dry of word,who, although he liked to know what the others all thought and hadto say, after he had once made up his mind he did not like to be op- posed, and as he ever acted as he thought best, all bent to his will. Sothey turned north and continued forward until the fall bending aboutthrough a quiet country.For you I come severally as envoys from the chief men upon theroad, bearing baskets of mulberries, a honey comb, marten skins andthe hides of deer, and in calabashes the oil of walnuts and bear fat,drawn like olive oil, clear and of good taste. And what? Silences,death, rotting trees; insects "so that the sails were black with them and the men laughed, in spite of their forlorn condition, to see each others'faces so swollen and out of shape in the morning;" alligators, reptiles,a wild rose "like that of Spain, but with less leaves, because it grewin the woods." Sun, moon, stars, rain, heat, snow; water to the neckfor days; blue butterflies among the green palmetto leaves; grapes andothers that grow on vines along the ground; plums of two sorts, Vermil- lion and grey, of the form and size of walnuts, having three or fourstones in them; wolves, deer, jackals, rabbits,—to make you lonesome,ready for my caresses."Unprepared, we believed ourselves on a footing of peace, somuch so that some of us, putting our arms in the luggage, had gonewithout any."Then to battle! It is Mabilla, the staked town. It is I, my son,Tuscaloosa; tall of person, muscular, lean and symmetrical. Allis you, all is me—one either side. Men, horses, hogs—all goes downin our fury. Now you feel me. Many times I shall drive you backfrom the palisades. But you come again. What shall Ido to governthat lust—which if it break, lam the most defeated. Those in chainshaving set down their burdens near the fence, my people lift them ontheir backs and bring them into the town. Thus, to anger you, I havepossession of all the baggage, the clothes, pearls and whatever elseyou had besides—lost in the conflagration. I am strong! I shallpossess you—Oh but I lie. lam weak. I fail. I cannot take you. Whatare they but savages—who know nothing ? they wound you, they woundyou, and every arrow has upon its barbs a kiss from my lips. There is onein your thigh, between the edges of the armor. Thrice you fall beforereaching the gate! The fools, madmen. It is into my own flesh, fifty,a hundred times deeper than into yours. And me it kills—but you,though you cannot grip the saddle because of it, you fight standing allday in the stirrups. I divide myself to take you and it is myself thatwounds myself, jealous even of your injuries, furious at that sweettouch of your flesh which my tools enjoy but I have—not yet. It isall you. The young Sylvestre fainting on the back track; PedroMoron diving from the bridge with a shower of arrows about him—swimming to safety; Don Carlos, alighting to pull an arrow from hishorse's breast at the stockade, receives one himself, in at the neck, outbehind—and falls prostrate —After heaviest losses in men, beasts and possessions they prevailedand of the Indians all were killed, two thousand five hundred more orless, all having fought with the utmost bravery and devotion. The Governor learning that Francisco Maldonado was waitingfor him at the port of Ochuse, six days' travel distant, he caused JuanOrtiz to keep the news secret, that he might not be interrupted in hispurpose; because the pearls he wished to send to Cuba for show, thattheir fame might raise the desire of coming to Florida, had been lostand he feared that, hearing of him without seeing gold or silver orother thing of value from that land, it would come to have such areputation that no one would be found willing to go there when menwould be wanted ; so he determined to send no news of himself untilhe should discover a rich country. So that to Tuscaloosa must begiven credit, in effect, for a great victory.On Sunday, the 18th of November, the sick being found to begetting well, the Governor again set out, moving west, to Chicaga, asmall town of twenty houses, but well stocked with maize. There hedetermined to pass the season. The Indians, at peace, came frequentlywith turkeys and rabbits and other food—but secretly they were plot- ting other matters.Suddenly, on a certain night, the air above the straw roofs isfilled with flame. Sentries and the enemy arrive in the town together;a terrific confusion, four columns converging upon the same point. In- dians moving about freely in the town, because of the peace thatexisted, had that night brought the fire in little pots, not to be seen.Everything is aflame. Men come out naked from their beds. Thehorses strive to free themselves, some succeed. The hogs squeel andperish. Soto and one other are all that are able to mount. He drivesupon an Indian with his lance and transpierces him. His saddle girth,hastily adjusted, slips and he falls. Who will straighten out theconfusion in the night? Who will gather the naked and disarmedsoldiers, among the smoke, the flames, the noise? The Governor isup. He directs as best he can. But, by luck, the horses dashing aboutthrough the smoke, spread terror to the savages who think it thecavalry forming for an atack. Alarmed they escape from thestockade.Naked, armless, acold you draw off, in the morning, to Chicacilla,protecting yourself as best you can—there to retemper the swords andawait what will happen. Some are reduced to straw mats for theironly cover, lying now this way, now that to the fire, keeping warmas they are able.And for this your people begin to hate you. It is my work. Butagain lam defeated, your last thought shall be for their safety. Be- cause you have found no gold, only increasing hardships; because of your obstinacy, unexplained, incredible to them—you will be com- pared meanly with far lesser spirits. It is their revenge, making yousolitary—ready for my caresses.And if, to survive, you yourself in the end turned native, thisvictory is sweetest of all. Bitter the need that at Nilco will cause thathorrid slaughter: You already sick, in grave danger, thinking of themen. Let them talk, my Indian: I will console you. None but you,the wise, the brave could have answered.At Quizquiz, after struggling seven days through a wildernesshaving many pondy places, with thick forests, they came out upon theGreat River.He went to look at the river: swift and very deep; the water,flowing turbidly, bringing from above many trees and much timber,driven onward by its force.The next day the chief of that country arrived. It is I. Twohundred canoes filled with men having weapons. They were paintedwith ochre, wearing great bunches of white and other plumes of manycolors, having feathered shields in their hands, with which theysheltered the oarsmen on either side, the warriors standing erect frombow to stern, holding bows and arrows. The barge in which the chiefcame had an awning at the poop under which he sate; and there, fromunder the canopy, where the chief man was, the course was directedand orders issued to the rest. All came down together, and arrivedwithin a stone's throw of the ravine, whence the chief said to theGovernor, who was walking along the river bank, with others whobore him company, that he had come to visit, serve and obey him. TheGovernor expressed his pleasure, and besought him to land, that theymight the better confer; but the chief gave no reply, ordering threebarges to draw near, wherein were great quantity of fish, and loaveslike bricks, made of pulp of plums, which Soto receiving, gave himthanks and again entreated him to land.Making the gifts had been a pretext, to discover if any harm mightbe done; but finding the Governor and his people on their guard, thechief began to draw off from the shore, when the cross-bowmen, whowere in readiness, with loud cries shot at the Indians, and struck downfive or six of them.—Well done, Spaniard! like an Indian. Witnessthen my answer:They retired with great order, not one leaving the oar, even thoughthe one next to him might have fallen, and covering themselves theywithdrew. These were fine looking men, very large and well formed;and what with the awnings, the plumes, and the shields, the pennons, and the number of people in the fleet, it appeared like a famousarmada of galleys.During the thirty days that were passed there, four piraguas werebuilt, into three of which one morning, three hours before daybreak,the Governor ordered twelve cavalry to enter, four in each, men inwhom he had confidence that they would gain the land notwith- standing the natives and secure the passage or die. So soon as theyhad come ashore the piraguas returned and when the sun was twohours high, the people had all got over. The distance was nearly halfa league: a man standing on the shore could not be told whether hewere a man or something else, from the far side.Now you are over, you have straddled me, this is my middle.Left or right, the end is the same. But here in the center lam notdefeated. Go wander. Aquixo, Casqui, Pacaha. Take what youwill. Clothe your men, yourself you will never clothe save as I clotheyou, in my own way. They have suffered, they have gone nearly bare.At Pacaha I have provisioned them in advance. Shawls, deer-skins,lion and bear-skins, and many cat-skins were found. Numbers whohad been a long time badly covered here clothed themselves. Ofthe shawls they made mantles and cassocks. Of the deer skins, weremade jerkins, shirts, stockings and shoes; and from the bear skins theymade very good cloaks, such as no water could get through. Theyfound shields of raw cowhide out of which armor was made for thehorses.Look then, Soto, upon this transformed army—Here forty days and at the end I am beside you once more.Where is she now, Dona Ysobel, your helpmate, years since, inCuba? The chief of Pacaha bestowed on him two of his sisterstelling him that they were tokens of love, for his remembrance, to behis wives. The name of one was Macanoche, that of the otherMochila. They were symmetrical, tall and full: Macanoche borea pleasant expression; in her manners and features appeared the lady,the other was robust.Ride upon the belly of the waters, building your boats to carryall across. Calculate for the current; the boats move with a force nottheir own, up and down, sliding upon that female who communicatesto them, across all else, herself. And still there is that which youhave not sounded, under the boats, under the adventure—giving toall things the current, the wave, the onwash of my passion. So crossand have done with it, you are safe—and I am desolate.But you are mine and I will strip you naked—jealous of every- thing that touches you. Down, down tome—in and under and down,unbeaten, the white kernel, the flame—the flame burning under water,that I cannot quench—I will cause it to be known that you are a brute. Now it is nosea-ringed island, now it is no city in a lake: Come, here is roomfor search and counter-search. Come, blackbeard, tireless rider, withan arrow in the thigh. I wait for you—beyond the river. Followme—if you can. Follow me Senor, this is your country. I give it toyou. Take it. Here are carriers for your burdens; here are girls foryour beds; my best men for adversaries. You have beaten them all.My time is coming: you have seen how they defend their palisadesfor me; they have driven trees into the ground about their villages.They are men, tall, slim, full of strategies; they come against younaked, with their bows and arrows; they die at the paddles but nonequivers. It is me they defend. lam for the brave, for the wise, forthe victor. Watch yourself at the fords, at the porches of houses—See how I have fled you, dashing into a lake there to freeze allnight, coming forth at dawn, half drowned, my brows hidden in lilyleaves. At the sight of your boats, at the breath of your name, thevillages are left empty. Nothing can induce the chief to show him- self. All have gone upstream to an island, carrying their goods withthem. At the sight of your men in armor terror strikes them; theyplunge into the stream, pushing their possessions on little rafts, thatescaping in the haste, float down-stream. I have fled, a single man,among my own people but your hounds scenting me out have draggedme down—Now it begins to change. The winter past, at Alimamu, it is thefourth year.At Alimamu Juan Ortiz died, a loss the Governor greatly re- gretted; for, without an interpreter, not knowing whither he wastravelling, Soto feared to enter the country, lest he might get lost.The death was so great a hindrance to our going, whether on discoveryor out of the country, that to learn of the Indians what would havebeen rendered in four words, it now became necessary to have thewhole day; and oftener than otherwise the very opposite was under- stood to what was asked; so that many times it happened the roadtravelled one day, or sometimes two or three days would have to bereturned over, wandering up and down, lost in the thickets.For four days marching was impossible because of the snow.When that ceased to fall, he travelled three days through a desert,a region so low, so full of lakes and bad passages, that at one time, for a whole day, the travel lay through water up to the knees at places,in others to the stirrups; and occasionally, for the distance of a fewpaces there was swimming. And he came to Tutelpinco, a town un- tenanted and found to be without maize, seated near a lake that flowedinto the river with a great current.Nearer, nearer: Cayas, Quigaltam, Guachoya—thither theGovernor determined to go in a few days to learn if the sea was near.On Monday, the 6th day of March, of the year 1542, theGovernor set out from Autiamque to seek Nilco, which the Indianssaid was near the Great River, with the purpose, by going to thesea, to recruit his forces. He had not over three hundred efficientmen, nor more than forty horses. Some of the beasts were lame, anduseful only in making out a show of a troop of cavalry.At Guachoya he sent Juan de Anasco with eight of the cavalrydown the river to discover what population might be there and get whatknowledge there was of the sea. He was gone eight days and stated,when he got back, that in all that time he could not travel more thanfourteen or fifteen leagues, on account of the great bogs that cameout of the river, the canebrakes and thick shrubs that were along themargin, and that he had found no inhabited spot.The river, the river—The Governor sank into a deep despondency at sight of the diffi- culties that presented themselves to his reaching the sea; and, whatwas worse, from the way in which the men and horses were diminish- ing in numbers, he could not sustain himself in the country withoutsuccor. Of that reflection he pined—But before he took to his pallet, he sent a message to the caciqueof Quigaltam, to say that he was the child of the sun, and whence hecame all obeyed him, rendering him tribute; that he besought him tovalue his friendship, and to come where he was. By the same Indiansthe chief replied:As to what you say of your being the child of the sun, if you willcause him to dry up the great river, I will believe you; as to the rest,it is not my custom to visit anyone, but rather all, of whom I haveever heard, have come to visit me, to serve and obey me, and pay metribute, either voluntarily or by force. If you desire to see me, comewhere I am; if for peace, I will receive you with especial good will;if for war, I will await you in my town; but neither for you, nor forany man, will I set back one foot.When the messenger returned the Governor was already low,being very ill of fevers. He grieved that he was not in a state to cross the river at once to see if he could not abate that pride; though thestream was already flowing very powerfully, was nearly half a leaguebroad, sixteen fathoms deep, rushing by in a furious torrent, and oneither shore were many Indians; nor was his power any longer sogreat that he might disregard advantages, relying on his strengthalone.Every day the Indians of Guachoya brought fish, until they camein such plenty that the town was covered with them.Now the Governor feared to repair the palisades that they mightnot suppose he stood in awe of them; and, lest the Indians rise, heordered the slaughter at Nilco, to strike dread into the rest.Conscious that the hour approached in which he should departthis life, Soto commanded that all the king's officers should be calledbefore him, the captains and principal personages, to whom he madea speech. He told them that he was about to go into the presenceof God, to give account of all his past life; and since He had beenpleased to take him away at such a time, he, His most unworthy ser- vant, rendered Him hearty thanks. He confessed his deep obligationsto them all, for their great qualities, their love and loyalty to his person,well tried in suffering of hardship. He begged that they would prayfor him. He asked that they would relieve him of the charge he hadover them as well as of the indebtedness he was under to them all,as to forgive him any wrongs they may have suffered at his hands.To prevent any divisions that might arise, as to who should command,he begged that they elect a principal person to be governor, andbeing chosen, they would swear before him to obey; that this wouldgreatly satisfy him, abate somewhat the pains he suffered, andmoderate the anxiety of leaving them in a country, they knew notwhere.Baltasar de Gallegos responded in behalf of all, consoling himwith remarks on the shortness of the life of this world, attended asit was by so many toils and afflictions, saying that whom God earliestcalled away, He showed particular favor; with many other thingsappropriate to such an occasion; and finally since it pleased the Al- mighty to take him to Himself, amid the deep sorrow which they notunreasonably felt, it was necessary and becoming in him, as in them,to conform to the Divine Will; that as respected the election of agovernor, which he ordered, whomsoever his Excellency should nameto the command, him would they obey. Thereupon the Governornominated Luis Moscosco de Alvarado to be his captain-general; when by all those present was he straightway chosen and swornGovernor.The next day, the twenty-first of May, departed this life themagnanimous, the virtuous, the intrepid captain, Don Hernando deSoto, Governor of Cuba and Adelantado of Florida. He was ad- vanced by fortune, in the way she is wont to lead others, that hemight fall the greater depth; he died in a land, and at a time, thatcould afford him little comfort in his illness, when the danger of beingno more heard from stared his companions in the face, each one him- self having need of sympathy, which was the cause why they neithergave him companionship nor visited him, as otherwise they would havedone.Some were glad—It was decided to conceal what had happened, lest the Indiansmight venture on an attack when they should learn that he whomthey feared was no longer opposed to them.So soon as death had taken place, the body was put secretly ina house, where it remained three days: thence it was taken by nightto the gate of the town and buried within. The Indians having seenhim ill, finding him no longer, suspected the reason ; and passing bywhere he lay, they observed the ground loose and looking about talkedamong themselves. This coming to the knowledge of Luis de Mos- cosco he ordered the corpse to be taken up at night, and among theshawls that enshrouded it having cast abundance of sand, it was takenout in a canoe and committed to the middle of the stream.Down, down, this solitary sperm, down into the liquid, the form- less, the insatiable belly of sleep; down among the fishes: there wasone called bagre, the third part of which was head, with gills fromend to end, and along the sides were great spines, like very sharpawls, there were some in the river that weighed from a hundred to ahundred and fifty pounds. There were some in the shape of barbel;another like bream, with the head of a hake, having a color betweenred and brown. There was likewise a kind called peel-fish, the snouta cubit in length, the upper lip being shaped like a shovel. Otherswere like a shad. There was one called pereo the Indians sometimesbrought, the size of a hog and had rows of teeth above and below.Luis de Moscosco ordered the property of the Governor to besold at public cry. It consisted of two male and three female slaves,three horses, and seven hundred swine. From that time forward mostof the people owned and raised hogs. Flowers Charles Sheeler African Musical Instrument Charles Sheeler SIXTH POEM Wilfrid H. Bendall Here comes, stirred by its own intrinsic powerThe accolated chalice of my hate,Balanced on staggering steps . . . jewelled stepsThat leave a red print on the pavements of my heart:It is tilted at the place, on the bolus I have created,A symbolic mass of granite. . .Its thick sweet upsets with a screamDancing a scalding saraband over the tepid democracy of myrace;I lie calmly awake among the clouds, watching;My left thigh resting warmly in the last sunset,My head in the dapper moonlight of a dying world.The swirling intense die under the flush of my hate,The splendid sluggish picturesque waves settling,Lowering, into extremely slow wavelets. . .The sombre swell rising and falling with histrionic affecta- tion.I myself, alone,The woof remembered and the forgotten warpPicked up and basely fondled, kissed and bathed in maudlin,Lonely smiles. Starkly, I arise calmly. . .Standing up with the broken threads,(tottering to and fro with intense sarcasm)Grasp the slimed bolus in five placesPlacing it besides the shattered chalice.Sinking back among the clouds with closed eyesI dutifully purse my lips for a kiss fulgent with death andunabated content. BOOK REVIEWS GREAT AMERICAN NOVELS M. J. I. s. J. T. The Great American Novel, by William Carlos IVilliams. Paris.The Three Mountain Press.Cane, b\) Jean Toomer. Nexe Yorfy. Boni and Liveright. $2.00."Of all the ways of beginning a book which are now in practicethroughout the known world, I am confident my own way of doingit is best ... for I begin with writing the first sentence and trustingto Almighty God for the second." In this way Laurence Sterne setout to write Tristram Shandy which is perhaps The Great EnglishNovel. And William Carlos Williams, by what can scarcely be calleda coincidence, is off in the same direction to make The Great Amer- ican Novel. Dr. Williams is obsessed by the word. To make wordsplay, or to be at mercy of their play. This is the only reality theartist in literature knows."If there is progress then there is a novel," he says in the firstchapter. "One must begin with words if one is to write. ... It iswords that must progress."And soon: "What difference is it whether I make the words ortake the words? . . . There cannot be a novel. There can only bepyramids, pyramids of words, tombs.The words paint the background of America. Now we are gapingat the outline of Manhattan from the factory laden meadows ofNew Jersey; now we are brooding with the discoverers over a newocean or an unknown province.In pyramids Williams heaps up his America. He knows hernational accent; her speech, her credulities, her prejudices burn inhis ears. He is terribly sincere. Perhaps the only one, and so much sothat his honesty drives him to the ground, where one begins with words.All other moderns write constantly to belie their experiences and theirpersonalities, to be artists. (And yet some absurd person accusesWilliams of "pose.")At their best his dissociations have a necessity about them that ismore satisfying than causality. At their worst we are simply in thewilderness of modern art. We know in our deepest conscience that words are all we have, and that if our sensibilities be acute enough(as naturalists learn the speech of birds) they will lead us into theirown game and we will learn.Toomer is close to his soil, his book is dripping of the NegroSouth, and beyond this, he writes with a prodigious intensity of sightand hearing. Hitherto this unconsciously gifted race has expresseditself in America through a superb folk-music and folk-poetry. Caneis unique in that it is the expression of an artist working deliberatelyin the literary medium, young, headstrong, unreserved, but ultimatelyfaithful.The hysteria, the passion, the madness and the great sweetnessof his negroes recalls Dostoyevski and his possessed Russian char- acters. In the many moments of most perfect insight which occur inthe book, these people speak and move with the same awful sense ofrevelation, and catharisis.In a mood of great fear, Ralph Kabnis speaks to himself:"Come now, Ralph, go in and make yourself go to sleep. Comenow ... in the door . . . that's right. Put the poker down. There.All right. Slip under the sheets. Close your eyes. Think nothing... a long time . . . nothing, nothing. Don't even think nothing.Blank. Not even blank. Count. No, you mustn't count. Nothing. . . blank . . . nothing . . . blank . . . space without stars in it.No, nothing . . . nothing ..."Kabnis sleeps. The winds, like soft voiced vagrant poets sing:White -man's landNiggers sing.Burn, bear black childrenTill poor rivers bringRest and sweet gloryIn Camp Ground."This is remarkable sensuous writing. The lyric is unaffected andspontaneous poetry, and there are others in the book, such as Karinthaand Seventh Street which startle by their unrestrained passion or anger.The stories, sketches and lyrics which compose the books havebeen arranged with some attempt at architectural unity. But this isbeside the point. At bottom Toomer is fiercely emotional, vigorous—and how often one has wailed at the lack of energy in contemporarywriters—at times fearfully impolite, by standards of recent English schools. Perhaps it were better for Toomer to follow his five or sixsenses rather than search for cerebral super-forms. Once he has for- gotten his lessons in psychoanalysis and unanimisme his own sensibilitieswill determine the simple artistic forms which will contain his hugespouting pages of American prose. History of Magic and Experimental Science in the First to the Thir- teenth Century of Our Era, by Lyn Thorndike; 2 volumes. NewYork• The Macmillan Co. $10.00.We have all, at one time or another, smiled significantly overthe fact that astronomy is a development from astrology; chemistryfrom alchemy; and so on. Humorous pedants have seen in thisnothing more than an application of current homiletics, the "poor boyto president" stuff. Lowly alchemy became chemistry to help Dupontmanufacture Pyrahn. It is doubtful whether Dr. Thorndike himselfhas escaped from this attitude, wholly; but his book is so rich, is sucha generous gathering of fascinating knowledge that he can be forgiven.In effect the book is a sequel to Frazer's Golden Bough in reveal- ing the primitive background of human achievements in science, andgeneral culture. Although it halts at the thirteenth century, it explainsthe Ku Klux Klan and Raymond Duncan quite as capably as it doesthe awe of the Greek Herodotus over the mysteries of Osiris.The book should be very helpful in one way, probably uninten- tionally so. If magic was the science of the world up to the thirteenthcentury, it should be equally clear that our own science, to which weare no less respectful than Voodoo devotees to their Mumbo-Jumbo,is the magic of our time. Our magic it is true is becoming more andmore plausible and exact. One could hardly ask more of a bookthan a twofold illumination like this. Faint Perfume, by Zona Gale. New York• D. Appleton and Com- pany. $1.75.A mild and somewhat passive sensitivity in contact with life's in- nocuous commonplaces yields two primary states: a poignance, and anawareness proportioned to the degree of sensitivity. Faint Perfumethe story of a delicate woman shunted temporarily into the family ofa Gideonite, receiving her love experience in their midst, is less success- ful in realizng the first than the second of these. The book is emotion- ally thin, and curiously without body. Hence the impacts, frictions,and distress that it should generate never really move one. Thoughthe boy, Oliver, responding in the spontaneous manner of childhoodto life's quick shifts from ioy to pain, is satisfying in this respect.But the positive feature of this novel is the delicate awareness thatillumines its pages. Particularly, the awareness that springs into beingwith the love episode. It is a fine thing in these days to be remindedand convinced that the contact of a man and a woman can result insomething beyond sex conflict; in an expansion, in an intensification oflife generally. And it is pleasant in current fiction to read such state- ments of inner and outer relationship as these:"Leda was shaken by an abrupt sense that they were onecreature, as if each had extensions of being which had fusedin something finer than light and color, had become one con- sciousness." "At this she laughed, thinking how in his pres- ence one became multiplied, arrived at more being. But shewas afraid to tell him so. Not afraid of him essentially, butrather of -his external and worldly self, the guest of thathouse." "How is anyone to survive talk which leaves onephysically faint from its unconscious breaches of decency?""It was an intense affirmation to sit there saying nothing."In fact, the fault and fineness of the book lie in just this: that itgives the reality of perception rather than that of dimensional experi- ence; that its movement is achieved by no motors below the level ofsensitized perception. If the following quotation be taken as the centralidea of Faint Perfume: "There awaited her that new horror, newby only a few thousand years, which attends on the emergence of sen- sibility: The new horror of an isolated sensibility wared upon by thestill insensible flesh of the race from which it rises." then it may beconcluded that while this sensibility is given, the horror, the emotionis not realized. Tennyson, by Harold Nicolson. Boston, Houghton Mifflin Company.$4.00.Tennyson has been under-estimated by the present generation. Hav- ing been adulated as a thinker and prophet by his own age, the presenthas come to ignore even the technical excellences of the mans writing.Mr. Harold Nicolson's critical biography is an elaborate and severeappraisal of the Poet Laureate. Steeping ourselves in Tennyson, weobserve how he was "influenced by the contemporary demand for calmelevation and for human sentiment. His mother's fondness for FeliciaHemans could not fail to leave a tremulous impression; the society ofthe young ladies at Horncastle, the type of verses which these youngladies expected and received ..."Tennyson's case is epitomized by Mr. Nicolson as of a subjectivepoet, "forced however justifiably, into a perpetual straining after ob- jective expression." Tennyson should perhaps have been a volcanicpoet, if his loose and floundering youth had been built upon as theatri- cally as Byron's.What is admirable in that phase of Tennyson's writings which stillmay appeal to us is the accuracy with which he worked. His methodwas reasonable, and he was evidently possessed of great mechanicalcuriosity. Thus his letters and notes furnish evidence of the precisionand authority with which he went at his versification.An unfavorable review of one of Tennyson's early volumes causedthe Laureate to lapse into a ten years' silence. This episode may benumbered among the many, by now, quaint and archaic mannerismsof the Victorian era which so amuse our own generation.Having been accused, among other things, of a "shallow meta- physics," Tennyson, during his seclusion, set himself an exactingprogram:Monday History, GermanTuesday Chemistry, GermanWednesday Botany, GermanThursday Electricity, GermanFriday Animal Physiology, GermanSaturday MechanicsSunday GeologyThus, Tennyson eventually became immensely popular—a bestseller in fact.The biographer does not succeed in making of Tennyson a sym- pathetic and imposing figure. One doubts whether he really tried to, or that it mattered much. Instead, he seizes, profitably and with muchshrewdness the most illuminating details of the Laureate s career. Thebook forms a keen and sensitive revaluation of Tennyson.Cups of Illusion, by Henry Bellamann. Boston. Houghton, MifflinCompany. $1.50.Mr. Bellamann is a more painstaking poet than are most ourcontemporaries. His training is excellent, and his regard for the laws,his sound ear and eye are gratifying. At his best his observationstake the form of direct statement as in"The Return":I have been very conscious of the hillswarming their soft round backsin the April sun,or in "Hedges," which is the most firmly carved poem in his book:Hedges have good manners . . .Things grow in rows.Weak things bloom free—Certain slow and strong thingsWait the gardener's passing.Having recorded his certain delicate sensations in an impressionisticmanner, Mr. Bellamann is finished. At his indifferent best, the verseslack energy, and are notably wanting in those robust spiritual qualitiesthat larger poets are made of. Let us have done with this facilehedonism which the American poetry movement has been nourish- ing, and whereby poetry becomes the fragmentary record of the moresubtle experiences of the senses. How far can one go, oh how far,with the business of being "suggestive" and not echo all the othersuggestive poets who have been professionally "suggestive" in a yearlyvolume for these past twelve years? COMMENT WEEK END PAINTERS Edward Nagle The prodigious spread of that costly urban pastime, painting, asa country sport in the course of the summer months must be cheeringto pigment grinders and color vendors of a complacent creed. Gatereceipts to the meets held sporadically from Woodstock to Taosand from Monhegan to Santa Barbara are not as yet exorbitantlytaxed. Painting, not so long ago classified with ping-pong and othermildly exhilarating games for girlish gentlemen and unprepossessingmasculine young ladies, is on the way to becoming a major Americansummer sport.The exhibitions presented this past season by the Woodstock As- sociation may be considered together a fair specimen of the efforts ofthese new growths in process of formation. It incorporates individualswho have either been members of, or who hold strong affiliations with,other summer associations. It possesses an obsolete tradition, owing toits having been the summer seat of the most productive Americanacademic factory, presumably moved elsewhere, but certainly stillactively flourishing in three or more local schools.New York witnesses, among others, two yearly exhibitions: theIndependents and the American Painters and Sculptors. The latterhas a jury, an unimportant incumbrance in contradistinction to theformer free-for-all at eight or ten dollars a head. These two shows lastwinter included what was found more fittingly in smaller quantitywithin the Woodstock Gallery. The Painters and Sculptors contribute a half dozen painters, men in the limelight, because of their dexterityin rounding out semi-pleasing portraits, landscapes, and occasionalstill-lifes for their casual and not too exacting followers. The de- corative value of dead fish on a silver platter or a bowl of rubberfruit is at least questioned by the picture purchasing public, today.These individuals have been heralded far too long a time as youngerpainters of worth, even though their youth is no longer in evidence.Our most delightful non-comprehending public grants them prestige,since they possess the ability to catch a yearly medal or honorablemention from a defunct group of academicians who maintain a Eu- ropean or two of reputation to give them the semblance of officialdom.Their endeavors are purely mimetic and they at best approximate onlythe secondary attributes of this now standardized subject matter whichhas been completely constructed by their acknowledged masters abroad.The Independents donate a hundred of their approximately un- known in two sections. The majority, leaning on the judgments oftheir none-too-able instructors, struggle to present their curiously im- potent groping towards the chaos from which contemporary artemerges. The minority of amateurs such as have dominated all In- dependent exhibitions, after a few glances at their favorites are irre- trievably fixed in the reproduction of anaemic day dreams. All this isa severe reflection on the efficacy of present criticism, especially acensure of the live painters who appear flattered when contiguous tothis detractory dead weight. To be more explicit:A is a portrait whose antecedents were Rembrandt, Velasquez,Whistler and another great American, Mr. Chase. Rembrandt con- tributes the essay at reality worked by a play of light about an in- different head, with so unskillful an emphasis upon the hands thatthe lady's fingers remain tortured wet sticks of paint. Velasquezbestows the precocious lace making as an idle effort for body. Whistlerwas sought for grace in the application of light strokes to the hairand lines of the gown, opposed to the broad slapping of the re- mainder of the gown and standard background in Chase's once popu- lar manner carried on by the mop-painting of Sargent.B is a portrait that shouts Cezanne and then disintegrates likea flickering electric light bulb. Its maker, as the innumerable man- facturers of pseudo Cezannes, overcome by the adulation of his master,cannot take up the tools perfected by him to progress with them intoand out of his own being.C is a painstaking landscape of hills and trees in the autumn ashills and trees never are in the autumn, except on unsuccessful colored picture post cards. There are schools that teach how to do this ablyin exchange for money.D is a landscape of a bridge and trees that amazes by the vers- atility of its drawing even with the superimposed cold cream, negativepigment. Drawing that fascinates as a good juggling act which isruined when an extra ball is added.E is a landscape, hills and meadow that Van Gogh painted onemorning and then wisely destroyed.F is the landscape that just missed ifame because its maker didnot possess the mental stomach to digest Picasso and the great out ofdoors we are taught to see.G is a landscape by a young portrait painter of hills and a villagethat offers objective reality without a vulgarization of the refreshingqualities of rocks, trees and houses.H is a still life, a vase of flowers, as flowers and vases never aresave as chosen by interior decorators for the walls of those who areindifferent to what sort of color spots fall within the focus of theireyes, provided they are in fashion.I to Z are those nondescript canvases which are usually mentionedas impressionistic since they are neither classic nor expressionistic.The effect of such a presentation of paintings is not dissimilarto that of gazing at scratched and spotted flat tone surfaces. Oppositethe entrance to the gallery there is an object, a standard Socony motorgasoline pump, constructed with no motive beyond its utility, yet itis so finely made that it bears a more stimulating relationship to con- temporary art than the contrived exhibitions within.It is all too apparent that these associations are not organizedprimarily to pursue the technical means adopted by these paintersto their logical conclusions, and clear away the clogs that still persist,while constructing the present in the manner of those abler Europeangroups who constantly challenge accepted aesthetic values.A, C, D, G, H are called academic while B, E, F are termedmodern, but this is solely a surface discrimination. Fundamentallythey accept the limitations of their group, however elastic it may be;for any group is necessarily resigned to the intellect and energy con- tained in it.This peculiar American situation is due to the influence of theall-powerful galleries abetted by the painters themselves. Our galleryowners, in their natural eagerness to measure their salesmanship withone another, relate paintings indiscriminately with just enough atten- tion to acquire a moneyed inquisitive public. The painters, in their anxiety to gain a livelihood, to hold the captured public, and securean immediate renown, are far too timorous to swerve from the chancecategories in which they battle to be bottled up. Emphatic differencesof academicians and moderns are being merged to a smooth unevent- fulness. Contacts established with an eye to the galleries' returns,purchasers and mutual admirers, lead the academician to help himselfto what he believes appealing in the modern, and the modern hangson desperately to the academic tricks that are applauded because theyserved masters. Abroad a Derain and a Vlaminck stepped out ofsuch amelioration, but here the superior individuals march along withthe average. These summer associations therefore, though in appear- ance freer than winter societies because they assume a greater contactof painters without any exterior meddling, remain excellent examplesof arrested growths.One salvation there is. Pressure must be brought to bear on thosepainters recognized both at home and abroad, though all too littleknown there, who advance the true concepts of painting while stead- fastly adhering to their birthrights. They must be urged into a de- fensive and offensive body by the forces of active contemporary opinionto stand together and present Contemporary American Art not onlyto New York, but to Paris, London, Rome, Berlin, and Moscow.Otherwise our industrialism which increases its domination of theuniverse daily, will continue to be the best fertilizer for the growthof European painters alone,—save for the isolated American artistswho always appear accidentally and at great intervals, among thehorde of idle players. * A George BellowsB Henry MacfeeC. ...... • • • John F. CarlsonD Charles RosenE • UnknownF Andrew DasburgC Eleanor RixonH Eugene Speicher We won't attempt the futility ofadvertisingTravels InArabia DesertaBy C. M. DOUGHTYto BROOM readers. With the exception of"Ulysses" by James Joyce, no book written mthe last century has been so hard to get or hashad such significance in modern letters, so allwe will do is pass on the news that at last anedition is ready. We are publishing it in con-junction with Jonathan Cape of London, and theMedici Society; except for the binding, a rich,gold-stamped black buckram, the two volumesin which the work is being issued, are in fac-simile of the original Cambridge Edition, whichsold at $50 on publication and is almost impos-sible to buy now. It contains the arrangementsand specifications (which meant practically theinvention of a new system of punctuation, an-ticipating many effects used by contemporarywriters), which the author insisted upon for hisbook.The price is $17.50 perset. 750 are being is-sued in this country,and by September 20th,420 were subscribed for,although the book hadnot yet been published.We urge you to placeyour orders now, withyour booksellers or di-rectly with us; weshould like to send youa brochure that we haveprepared on this work,anyway.HnSBIWe fondly believe thatwherever reading is re-garded not as _ duty but asa pleasant habit and one ofthe comforts of civilization,B &amp; L books are wellknown. Q. E. D., BROOMreaders know B &amp; L books;but we would like them tohave the exhilaration ofknowing the complete list;a post card will bring it.CANEBy JEAN TOOMERYou have seen partsof this unusual bookin BROOM an dother portions prob-ably in "Little Re-view" and other un-fashionable maga-zines. The book isreally a stirringevent in the year'sliterature. $2.00BONI 6 LIVERIGHTHOLIDAYBy WALDO FRANKThe "White Covers," asParis calls the "Nou-velle Revue Francaise"writers, "L'Europe,""Ma," all the forces ofgay and unflagging ad-vance inartistic Europehave pointed out WaldoFrank, not only as acompeer, hut as a mas-ter. He is the most un-compromising force inAmerican letters, and inthis remarkable book,HOLIDAY, he hascrystallized his method,making i't his most per-fect expression. $2.00.CHARLES MONTAGUEDOUGHTYsoon after his returnfrom ArabiaThe garments' are thosegiven him by the GreatS'herif of Mecca. (Vol.II p. 508.)A BOOKByDJUNABARNESThat almost mythi-cal personality thathas loomed so large-ly and intangiblyover modern art inAmerica — D j un aB a r n e s—has heremade itself manifestin 'a book as indi-vidual as its creator.$2.00.61 WEST 48'-H STREETNEW YORK. N.Y.1 Issue a Book—and there are twelve of them a yearTHE DIAL does not publish anything which is not worthy of per-petuation in book form. It does not bother with ephemera. Eachissue is a record of the finest creative work by contemporary artists.It publishes only work possessing a permanent value. Incidentally, THEDIAL is quite as well printed as the best books.Every issue of THE DIAL is a book—a remarkably good book—and there are twelve of them a year. A year of THE DIAL is theequivalent of a dozen books—a dozen superlative, contemporary books.For $5.00 (few good books now cost less than $2.00) we will sendyou a copy of THE DIAL every month for a year—twelve books for lessthan the cost of three. In addition, we will send you from THE DIAL'Slibrary one of the following important books of the past season. THEDIAL has a small surplus of books carried over from last year, which it isoffering to new subscribers at a remarkably low combination price. Presentsubscribers may secure one or more of these books by writing us for aspecial rate.A SURVEY, by Max BeerbohmAARON'S ROD, by D. H. LawrencePOEMS 1918-1921, by Ezra PoundAFOOT IN ENGLAND, by W. H. HudsonSEA AND SARDINIA, by D. H. LawrenceMR. WADDINGTON OF WYCK, by Map SinclairTHE STORY OF MANKIND, by Hendrik W. Van LoonTHE STORY OF UTOPIAS, by Lewis MumfordAGAINST THE GRAIN, by /. K. HuysmansMAYA THE BEE, by Waldemar BonselsMARIA CHAPDELAINE, by Louis HemonTHE WASTE LAND, by T. S. EliotTHE JUDGE, by Rebecca WestTHE DIAL152 West 13th Street New York CityGentlemen: Please enter my name for a year's subscription to THE DIAL, beginning with theOctober issue. Also, send me the book listed below.Name Address Book | 11 enclose $5.00. Q I will remit $5.00 on receipt of your bill. The most precious cargoof the Mayflower was invisible—the English "soul" and its heritage of Englishculture. Every ship that has landed settlers ever since—from the S. Caterinathat brought the first handful of Jews and the Goede Vrouw with its Dutchmento the last Cunarder racing; through the Narrows its quota of Jugo-Slavshas brought a similarly precious cargo.But do we enjoy to the full the age-ripe heritages of all our constituent nation-alities which, tempered by the new American experience, are the real sourcesof a great American culture of the future? They are the motifs that canmake the pattern of American culture rich, manifold, alive, and beautiful.The Menorah Journalembodies the experience and expression of a group of writers and artists whoas Jews see American life through the lens of their own historical and culturalpast; they are giving color, vividness, and critical consciousness to Americanlife that all Americans must value—they are putting their racial cargo towork, for the general benefit. In addition to this distinctly American group,realizing in their own fashion the inherent inter-nationalism of culture, THEMENORAH JOURNAL is introducing to America the most significant andcharacteristic Jewish writers and artists abroad. Not least, the Journalfeatures the thought of Gentiles alive to the significance of the Jew in Americanlife and culture.The current issue, which is typical, containsThe Judaic Strain in Modern Letters,Burton RascoeHerzi/s Utopia .Lewis MumfordSaturday : The Story of a Crime, Max BobinWith drawings by I. TchaikovThe Village .Issachar Ber RybbakAn Insert of wSeven DrawingsThe Jew in the European Scene,Marvin Lowenthal11. With Kunze and HitlerFive Years of the Jewish Art Theatre,Samuel S. GrossmanDo You Know What the MountainsAre? . Jacob CahanLouis Untermeyer—("At Least FourPortraits ") James N. RosenbergLeopold Zunz—Humanist S. Barueh(Concluded)Letters From AbroadWarsaw: Looking at the Nalewki,I. M. NeumanWith illustration: Three Jewish Art PostersVienna: Morale in Austria.. .Eugen HoeflichJerusalem: The "Soap-Bubble City",Jessie E. SampterSalvaging Our Folk-Art. .Marek SchwarzThe Adversary's Note-Book,H. Ben-ShaharThe inevitable coupon, of course—but tear it off quickly and, as an acknowl-edgment, we will send you any two books of the Modern Library series andthe previous issue containing the seventeen woodcuts of Jacob Steinhardt.Still hesitant? Send us fifty cents and we'll despatch you the current issueand the previous issue, gratis. The Menorah: Journal, 167 West 13th Street, New York CityFor the enclosed ) $3,92 I send The Menorah Send the two books from the Modern Library* &gt; ( year ) noted below or list of Modern Library titlesJournal for a j montk to from which to select and the previous issue toName Name Address Address • These two books — Informed Criticism —— Entertaining Gossip —— Excellent Short Stories —— Illuminating Editorials —— Contemporary Poetry —— Provocative Discussions —THEBOOKMANThe Literary Magazine With a PersonalityEdited by John FarrarAn American Critic Says:"I often wonder at the friends who say they do not see THE BOOKMAN. Inall the magazine list I know nothing more generally agreeable than this publication ofthe George H. Doran Company. It is not alone for its book notes, reviews of thelatest publications, gossip of books and authors that we value it, but for a certainspontaneous charm in almost every contribution. It is as if those men who had becomefamous assumed a more natural attitude, feeling themselves at home in a congenialatmosphere."An English Critic Says: /I am glad to find that THE BOOKMAN of New York is issued here as STHE AMERICAN BOOKMAN, for it is, in my judgment, far and /away the most interesting literary magazine issued in the English-speak- /ing world. It is edited by Mr. John Farrar. There is good criticism /in it and good literature, and with these we have just that element /of news which has a special charm for people of my disposi- /tion."—Clement Shorter in"The Sphere" {London). / BOOKMANIt not only gives you the news of the world of lit era- 112 244 Madison Avenueture, hut it fills the gaps with charming essays, / New York.go,.ip and fun-making. It has more than doubled y Gentlemen: I should likeits circulation in the past three years. The / , , . £» r nn _ _ / to try the next three issues orreaders of BROOM are the type of new / Dmi,y *XT ,, « . * &gt; . - , / THE BOOKMAN and am en-subscnbers it is looking for! Will you / , . rr r ._ 9 * closing fifty cents for that purpose.not give it a try: //Name Address /. T. 26.7 Artists !How often have you wanted to possess a well-illustrated book on the work of that penetrating,sardonic genius, HENRI DE TOULOUSE-LAUTREC! But you did not know just whereto get it, or it was too expensive, or you had to send to Europe for it. Here is your chance.THE ARTS for SEPTEMBERis a specialTOULOUSE-LAUTREC NUMBERIt contains FORTY-TWO REPRODUCTIONS selected for you by an artist, our Paris repre-sentative, after careful study of all available material. No matter how well you are acquaintedwith the art of Toulouse-Lautrec you will be surprised and delighted by the variety, scopeand biting quality of these works of art. THE SEPTEMBER ARTS is a BOOK ONTOULOUSE-LAUTREC which you cannot secure in any other form for ten times the priceof a single copy of THE ARTS.And the illustrations accompany an essay by Alexander Brook that is worthy of them. It isfresh, youthful, accurate and interesting from beginning to end.Ie TUT AAcquainted WithHave You Become THE ARTS?THE ARTS is an entirely new type of art magazine. It is not edited for those interestedonly in the art of today nor for those interested only in ancient art. THE ARTS assumesthat thinking people wish intelligent information on all phases of art. THE ARTS representsno cause or group. To contribute to the pleasure and enjoyment of art for the artist andthe layman is its aim.Published each month THE ARTS brings you all the news of the current exhibitions worthseeing. If an exhibition is reviewed in THE ARTS you should see it.THE ARTS keeps abreast of the important happenings in Europe and America. Its con-tributors have the highest standing in their respective fields. A partial list of the men whowrite for THE ARTS is sufficient to verify this fact.Alexander BrookAlan BurroughsVirgil BarkerWilliam M. Ivins, Jr.Charles Downing LayAllen TuckerHarry WehleCharles SheelerStewart CulinFletcher SteeleEgerton SwartwoutJohn Jay ChapmanJohn Dos PassosFrances MorrisDudley PooreEdwin EvansHarley PerkinsJohn BuntingJohn BlomshieldForbes WatsonArthur Davison FickeSpecial Introductory OfferThe regular price of T'HE ARTS is 50 cents a copy, $5.00 a year. We are anxious to haveyou become acquainted with the magazine, however, and for that reason we are offering asix months' subscription for $2.00. On receipt of your order your name will be entered onour list to receive the next six issues of THE ARTS' starting with the September issue con-taining the Toulouse-Lautrec article.The Arts Publishing Corporation19 East 59th Street New York City (OtftlT6&lt;y wY. WORU.Om. G. WELLSagain chooses The New Republic for the serial presentation of hisforthcoming work "A Great Schoolmaster: Sanderson of Oundle."The first of six parts will appear in the issue of October 3rd. Wellsregarded Sanderson as the greatest educator of his generation, whoseideas and methods are of profound importance. He has written aninstructive book about him that is invaluable to parents, educatorsand students of modern educational theories.[If you are not a subscriber insure getting the 1entire series by filling in one of the forms below.JTHE NEW REPUBLIC,421 West 21st St., New York.For the enclosed $ send me TheNew Republic for and this book byH. G. Wells Name Address Men Like Gods, with a year of The N. R.for $5.50; Ann Veronica with six months($2.50); Short History of the World (N. R.edition) with a year, $6.80. 10-23"tjfie ' I\TejfREPUBLIC 421 West 21S StreetNewYerkCity THE NEW REPUBLIC,421 West 21st St., New York.For the enclosed $1.00 send me The NewRepublic for the next 13 weeks, commencingwith the issue of October 3rd.NameAddress(in full) 10-23 The Ageof the MachineTHE Age of the Machine in America is an age ofi i— J —mm Tt r y-v 11 noneofeco-EX LIBRISily from theSIIft%%in aggressiveid non-com-work of sig-of all namesvith Europe,ndellos, andto America,ith two-coloractions, andAs an inducemenfollowing books 1SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANYPARISir one of theJacob's Room, bjThe Captain's Doll, by D. H.LawrenceCANE, by Jean ToomerHoliday, by Waldo FrankHarmonium, by Wallace StevensDove's Nest, by Katherine MansfieldThe Enormous Room, by E. E.Cummings| BROOM -47 W. 34th St., N. Y. iFor the enclosed $ pleasesend Broom for one year and the fol~lowing book:NameAddressL$5.00 Annual Subscription.50 Cents the Copy.i_i