Secession 6 July 1923 naay_1923-07_01 Secession 6 Untitled Image Illustration 1 CRUCIFIED SHADOWS Mark Turbyfill 2 Material for Nos. 5 and 6 was accepted and rejected with the 2 CRUCIFIED SHADOWS. Mark Turbyfill cre 3 SYRINX. Gorham B. Munson cre 4-13 BOWLS. Marianne Moore cre 14 FOUR POEMS. E. E. Cummings cre 15-19 I. 15 II. 16 III. 17-18 IV. 18-19 OLD MELODIES. LOVE AND DEATH Malcolm Cowley cre 20-21 I. 20 II. 21 COMMENT. 22-27 I. All is not sound. Richard Ashton cre 22-25 II. Poor at these numbers. J. B. W cre 25-27 CORRESPONDENCE. G. B. M cre 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 29 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 30 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 31 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 32 DIRECTORS: KENNETH BURKE, GORHAM B. MUNSONAddress all correspondence to Gorham B. Munson. SUBSCRIPTIONFor six numbers, one dollar in America, 5 shillings in England,15 francs in France, 25 lira in Italy. The price of this numberis 25 cents in America,1 shilling in England,4 francs in France, 5 lira in Italy.NUMBER m 5" JULY 1923 CRUCIFIED SHADOWS Mark TurbyfillSYRINIX Gorham B. MunsonBOWLS Marianne MooreFOUR POEMS E. E. CummingsOLD MELODIES." LOVE AND DEATH Malcom CowleyCOMMENT j. B. W.CORRESPONDENCE G. B. M. Material for Nos. 5 and 6 was accepted and rejected with theadvice of Malcom Cowley. It was printed under my direction, withthe kind assistance of Mr. Richard Bassett and Miss Susan Street.J. B. Wheelwright. CRUCIFIED SHADOWS. Mark Turbyfill. I remember a dune screened in rain,Love in communion, its voluntary of tearsNow my sight through a vista of yearsBeholds the pattern of formalized grief •i he figure ascends the lyrical mount,And the zenith of personal pain(Buds not blown to the wind but slain)Is seen as two lines, cruciform —Pictorial balance,Motif of blossoms strangely illumed,Borne by a shadow up a hill. SYRINX. Gorham B. Munson. A complete study of Cummings should take penetrating account of hispainting and drawing, and no estimate of his literary work can begin withoutnoting the important fact that Cummings is a painter. It has bearings, as weshall later see, on his written word's. Cummings creates perfect lyrics, anda perfect lyric is indefinable and unalyzable. The nearest we can come to itbeyond a subjective recognition and feeling is to say, as Cummings wrote ofthe Mountain by Gaston Lachaise and of the personality of Jean Le Negre,that the perfect lyric is a verb : it is an is. But to admit the impregnabilityof the lyric is not necessarily to proclaim it as the highest manifestation ofart. If we say that the lyric equals is, we can still say that the full develop- ment of art equals a sentence, and thereby indicate roughly the relationof the lyric to more ideological forms. Nor does every sentence require an is.The verb-quality of the lyric, however, throws criticism back upon the attri- butes of the is that Cummings creates. The most distinguishing attribute ofCummings' lyricism is its grace. And grace again is unanalyzable and inde- finable. Even Poe, could not crystatize it. Of grace, he wrote, " perhaps theelements are a vivid fancy and a quick sense of the proportionate. Grace,however, may be most satisfactorily defined as 'a term applied, in despair, tothat class of the impressions of Beauty which admit of no analysis. ' ".When we attack Cummings' originality, we can, however, proceedfurther by quoting from Poe again " My first object (as usual) was original- ity. The extent to which this has been neglected in versification, is one ofthe most unaccountable things in the world. Admitting that there is littlepossibility of variety in mere rhythm, it is still clear that the possible va- rieties of metre and stanza are absolutely infinite — and yet, for centuries,no man, in verse, has ever done, or ever seemed to think of doing, an originalthing. The fact is, that originality (unless in minds of very unusual force) isby no means a matter, as some suppose, of impulse or intuition. In general,to be found, it must be elaborately sought, and although a positive merit ofthe highest class, demands in its attainment less of invention than negation " .Today, this statement still covers with all its primal pertinence the majorityof poets. A minority has found in vers libre great possibility of variety inrhythm and of this minority, Cummings has probably accomplished moreoriginal things in rhythm, metre and stanza than any three other poets com- bined. And it is precisely by negation that he has attained originality. Hehas simply cancelled out his Education (the dignified name for an unque- stioning acceptance of custom).The result is, he sees freshly. Cummings sees words. As Dr. J. S. Watsonnoted, his words stand 4&lt; erect on the page with a clean violence ". The originality of Cummings resolves into two elements. The first is theaccurate choice of words. The second is the pains taken to display his ac- curacy mistakably. The latter is, of course, much more uncommon in liter- ature than the first. It is, an adaptation of advertising technic to literaryintentions.To display and force upon the reader his accuracy, Cummings has beenobliged to reorganize punctuation and typography. Cummings makes punctuat- ion and typography active instruments for literary expression. Here his painter'sskill in composition aids him. Yet, in no case, does he leave the frontiers ofliterature for the plastic arts as did Apollinaire i«\ Calligrammes. His typo- graphical design in every example reinforces his literary content. He hasperceived that the printing-press has made poetry something to be seen aswell as heard : he has realized that visual notations of auditory rhythms sti- mulates the ears of silent readers. He is the first successful creator of cal- ligrams. Most writers could profitably take lessons in arresting attentionfrom American advertising experts. American advertising experts can takelessons from Cummings.I catalog below some of the means employed by Cummings to displayhis accuracy and to indicate tempo.1. Capitals are used principally for emphasis. This abolishes immedia- tely the academic nonsense about the capitalization of the first letter inevery line of poetry and the capitalization of the pronoun, I. It is then asimplification for the sake of pointing an unmistakable finger at emphaticwords. E.g.,—to enjoy the composed sudden body atop which alwaysquivers the electric Distinct face hanghtily vital clinchedin a swoon of synopsis.2. Commas are used to indicate pauses wherever the poet decidesthat cadence requires them, even if it involves the separation of words neverpreviously divided in that manner. E.g.,—(if you toss him a coin he will pick it cleverly from, theair and stuff it seriously in, his minute pocket).3. Blank space is often used to isolate a word or words in a naked■exactitude and emphasis from the rest of the poem. E.g.,—whistles far and wee.4. In order to indicate slow tempo, words are spread apart by hyphensor spaces or have extra letters added. E.g.genteel-lylugu- bri. otis. 5. In order to indicate quick tempo, several words are often run to- gether as one word. E.g.,—and break onetwothreefourfive pigeonsjustlikethat.6. Stanzaic divisions, line breakage and space relationships are freelyvaried for the display of accuracy and the indication of auditory rhythm. Thecadences are emphatically not disjointed by such methods. On the contrary,Cummings's sentences often begin their meaning in one stanza and jump tothe next before completing it. The parts of his poems do not run down,but continue their operation until the final line. That is why, I conceive,Dr. Watson likened them to a roller coaster on a scenic railway. Three Uni- ted States Sonnets (Broom, May, 1922).To illustrate how expressive punctuation can become in Cummings'hands, I cite from Caritas (Broom, July, 1922) a complete stanza made upsolely of punctuation marks. A splendidly average citizen listening to a Sal- vation Army meeting is asked to increase the collection by twenty-five centsin order to make an even dollar. His mental processes are precisely andeconomically recorded as follows:&gt; ?? ? ?!This, if one likes, also makes notation of a crescendo banged on the evan- gelical drum and reaching its final Boom! Boom ! in the next stanzawhich isNix, kid.Accuracy in itself has, esthetic quality. Although it is not necessarily ele- gant, but Cummings has an exquisite ear. His neat successes in hitting the bulls- eye are always accompanied by a crisp sense of verse-music. I am absolvedfrom dilation on this by the simple expedient of quoting a stanza from PnellaMea. {Dial, January, 1921):In her perfectest arraymy lady, moving in the day,is a little stranger thingin the morning wandering.And to double-clinch conviction, this concluding stanza 8 of a poem from theDial, October, 1921 :The flute of morning stilled in noon —noon the implacable bassoon —now Twilight seeks the thrill of moon,washed with a wild and thindespair of violin. Cummings avoids the pictorial excesses of Apollinaire with sureness.With equal certainty, he escapes the " musicality of literature " esthetic. Hiscare for the word in its ideational meanings holds him to the moorings thatSwinburne disastrously cut. For he remembers that if ideas are lost in pictor- ial, or musical qualities, then writing ceases to be literature and becomes weak- ly something else.One of the essences of the pure lyric is simplicity, and simplicity requires(a) that it present an isolated idea as its base or (b) that it present a briefsummary of an ideational research. As (b), it is the incomplete and uncom- plicated reduction to a song of huge documents of ratiocination. As his idea- base, Cummings seems to prefer the lyrical summary.His topics are the again-and-again-and-again handled themes of all lyri- cists : and what he says about these enigmas does not differ in substancefrom what has been reiterated. The difference lies rather in the freshnesswith which they are apprehended, in the novelty with which they are pre- sented. The old result stated in new terms regains its former glamor.Thus, the concept that life is a brevity composed of pleasure and painemerges in an appealing new coat of varnish as(Do you think}) thei do, worldis probably madeof roses &lt;£ hello:(of solongs and\ ashes).On another occasion the concept that spring is a quickening revivifying sea- son is conveyed by re-creating that season as a fetching sloppy ragtime mist- ress. Again, the statement that war is a horror which cannot drown out themagnetic life of young men and women, cannot submerge the inexorableuprush of human tides, is equally freshly conveyed. Death is seen as afaultless gentleman : death is approached in a jaunty American fashion.he was a handsome manand what i want to know ishov do yon like your blneeyed boyMister Death.A particular triumph in the recreation of an old concept - that of Pan- occurs in an untitled poem. Cummings wisely places the poem in undefiledchildhood. The season is " Just-spring ", the world is " mud-luscious M and" puddle-wonderful ", the children are playing marbles, piracies, hop-scotchand jump-rope, when a balloon man whistles, and off they run in quickresponse to his magical personality. The data of our childhoods immediatelyinforms us that the balloon vendor was our authentic Pan, that his whistleblew the pure strains of the joyous god.And now to render amends for these partial reductions ot Cummings' lyrics, I quote one of his poems entire (Sunset, Broom, July, 1922). Notethe vowel and consonantal relationships, the color unity of the first stanza,the bell unity of the second, the dragging tempo of the last, the live tran- sitions, the enchanting typographical display, the consummate magic. Cum- mings is right in declaring that Swinburne did not exhaust the lyric. SUNSET. stinginggold swarmsupon the spiressilverchanie the litanies thegreat bells are ringing with rosethe lewd fat bellsand a tallwindis draggingthe seawithdream-s Neither of Cummings1 pieces of criticism, one devoted to the sculptor,Gaston Lachaise, the other to T. S. Eliot, strikes me as achieved. The critiqueon Eliot is unpardonably out of key with its subject. For positive criticisms,both are overmuch concerned with the stupidities of other critics and inferiorartists. Both are stalled short of developed crystallizations by a foolish disre- spect for criticism, a disrespect that belongs] peculiarly to the last century.To write of the Mountain by Lachaise : " Merely to contemplate its perfectly" knit enormousness was to admit that analysis of, or conscious thinking on" our part about, a supreme aesthetic triumph, is a very pitiful substitute for" that sensation which is impossibly the equivalent of what the work itself" thinks of us": is merely to exhibit an amazing confusion. For surely it isnot a question of substituting analysis for the original impact, but a matterof adding a term to that impact, a business of still more enhancing our firstpleasure by conscious thought about it. I do not wish to imply that Cum- mings cannot or does not analyze his esthetic impressions: he does andwould do so publicly, doubtless, if he did not strangely regard that act asunseemly. Consequently, the contour of his criticism is impressionistic andtherefore incomplete.Cummings' criticism focuses flashlights upon his own work. He statesadmirably the approach which should be taken towards himself in particular and indeed towards all primitive (technical sense) art. This art " cannot begrasped until we have accomplished the thorough destruction of the worldHe notes certain accomplishments which " require of us an intelligent pro- cess of the highest order, namely the negation on our part, by thinking, ofthinking That is to say, our first process is the inducing of a relaxedsensitiveness, the opening of all our receptive pores, the complete surrenderto what is before us. Afterwards, we can stiffen, we can call in our education,we can fight back. If our reception-data survive this recovery, then we havewhat we must admit is a personal validity.Coming closer, we find Cummings turning on the intention of Eliot apassage from Eliot on Marlowe. We may take the same passage and turn itback on Cummings' poetry and forward on his prose. The statement is :" ....this style which secures its emphasis by always hesitating on theedge of caricature at the right moment........this intense and serious and indubitably great poetry, which, like somegreat painting and sculpture, attains its effects by something not unlikecaricatureCloser still, we discover statements on the personality of Lachaise whichseem to me to encompass in a large degree the temperament of Cummings.Lachaise, he says, is " inherently naif, fearlessiy intelligent, utterly sincere.It is accurate to say that his two greatest hates are the hate of insincerityand the hate of superficiality ". He desires " to negate the myriad with thesingle, to annihilate the complicatednesses and prettinesses and trivialities ofSouthern civilizations with the enormous, the solitary, the fundamental ". Heachieves superlative esthetic victories by a " complete intelligence, or theintelligence functioning at intuitional velocity ". Let us, I suggest, read thename, Cummings, for the name, Lachaise. And let us add this note onCezanne by way of understanding why Cummings can be called naif andprimitive. " Cezanne became truly naif—not by superficially contemplatingand admiring the art of primitive peoples, but by carefully misbelieving andviolently disunderstanding a second hand world ".(Evidently), we are now entangled in Cummings' temperament as acondition for his work. In order to define it sufficiently, we must examinethe part it acts in The Enormous Room. (Boni and Liveright).The subject-matter of this book consists of a brutal environment, anignoble set of circumstances, and an artist countering against them. Cum- mings was an ambulance driver in the Norton Harjes unit during the recentbloody squabble for markets. His friend, 8., in the same unit wrote someletters evincing an intelligent outlook on this mean scramble which wereintercepted by the censor. Thereupon, both B. and Cummings were speedilypropelled into a horrible detention camp, Ferte de la Mace, and with somethree score comrades ill-treated for several months. After which edification,Cummings was released through the intervention of American authorities, andB. went on to a " regular prison " for further outrage before the incredibly brilliant U. S. Government secured his release likewise. Circumstance and envi- ronment were therefore abnormal, bizarre, filthy, degrading and wounding.Against them Cummings countered with everything he had, and that was muchmore than the single blind rage of Dos Passos. For besides rage, Cummingshad scorn, irony, sarcasm, courage, and a love for simple men. Especially,he had a dramatizing sense, a childlike faculty for personification and play- building. More especially, he had an undefeatable sense of humor. Mostespecially, he was tuned up to record in detail the slightest quiver contain- ed in the slightest split-second of the slightest jar upon his being: that is,he was intensely and every instant alive. What came to him came vividlyand indelibly. His triumph — the triumph of artist over hostility - is TheEnormous Room.On page 249 of this brilliant work, its basis is stated. « for an educatedgent or lady, to create is first of all to destroy — that there is and can beno such thing as authentic art art until the bons trues (whereby we are taughtto see and imitate on canvass and by words this so-called world) are entirelyand thoroughly and perfectly annihilated by that vast and painful processof Unthinking which may result in a minute bit of purely personal Feeling.Which minute bit is Art ».It took a high amout of Unthinking to produce such accuracies as forinstance, these : « a room about sixteen feet short and four feet narrow » ;&lt; a hunk of bread and a piece of water. » But the unusual quality of Cum- mings' feeling resides, in two things : his painter's eye and his writer's ear.That eye is keen in noting planes, angles, textures, colors, the essentialdetermining features : that ear is expert in reducing the visual booty to ca- dences. Take these as instances of their cooperation.(1) « I had taken automatically some six or eight steps in pursuit of« the fleeing spectre when, right over my head, the grey stone curdled with« a female darkness; the hard and the angular softening in a putrescent« explosion of thick wriggling laughter. I started, looked up, and encountered« a window stuffed with four savage fragments of crowding Face : four livid,.« shaggy disks focussing hungrily ; four pair of uncouth eyes rapidly smoul- « dering; eight lips shaking in a toothless and viscous titter. Suddenly above« and behind these terrors rose a single horror — a crisp vital head, a young« ivory actual face, a night of firm, alive, icy hair, a white large frightful smile ».(2) « Card table : 4 stares play banque with 2 cigarettes« (1 dead) &amp; A pipe the clashing faces yanked by a« leanness of one candle bottle-stuck (Birth of X)« where sits The Clever Man who pyramids, sings« (mornings) 'Meet Ms?... »« which specimen of telegraphic technique being interpreted, means: Judas,« Garibaldi, and The Holland Skipper (whom the reader will meet de suite) — « Garibaldi's cigarette having gone out, so greatly is he absorbed — play banque« with four intent and highly focussed individuals who may or may not be The« Scoolmaster, Monsieur Auguste, The Barber, and Meme; with The Clever Man« (as nearly always) acting as banker. The candle by whose somewhat uncor- &lt; pulent illumination the various physiognomies are yanked into a ferocious« unity is stuck into the mouth of a bottle. The lighting of the whole, the« rhythmic disposition of the figures, construct a sensuous integration suggestive« of The Birth of Christ by one of the Old Masters. The Clever Man, having« had his usual morning warble, is extremely quiet. He will win, he pyramids« — and he pyramids because he has the cash and can afford to make every« play a big one. All he needs is the rake of a croupier to complete his disin- « terested and wholly nerveless poise ».There is another duality in Cummings' feeling that increases its specialquality. He is both realistic and fanciful. Without a wince, he can describea fresh smoking turd or a brutal mauling with stove-pipes and on the nextpage evoke the most charming gnomes or fairies or fantastic attic toys. Thiscombination of hardness and fancy is not often encountered.But to get back to the passage on the minute bit of purely personalfeeling which is art, does this not mean, in bald esthetic terms, that Com- mings is a partisan of content-first, form-second, writing ? Does it not meanthat his first stimulus comes from the emotional and perceptive materials ofhis experiences ? And afterwards, he crystallizes them into formal beauties ?Certainly, that was the proceedure in The Enormous Room. Here Cummingshad a huge mass of experience whose energy demanded expression. Thisexperience, this dynamic reality, held his major interest. It dictated wordby word the problems of its presentation. Whereas a form-first, content-second,writer, although he started with this initial experience, would very soon shifthis major interest to his presentation problems, would play loose and fastwith his initial bits of pure feeling for the sake of his non-representative design.His pure feelings would be but helpless pawns in the grip of his intellect,whereas in The Enormous Room we have an intellect performing an efficientservitude to feeling. In Cummings1 case, neither content nor form, neither therepresentative nor the non-representative, overbalance one another. There is aunique marriage there between form and content, that marriage — which weare told denotes successful art.Let us examine this union in The Enormous Room. No, first let us pointout several additional interesting details of that book. One is fresh adjectivaljuxtapositions. Again and again by a simple transposition ancient couplingsare revivified. Another is at word coinage, a game largely discontinudby the English speaking since the days of Queen Elizbeth. Another is a re- percussion from the American detective story, with its speed of narration,its exaggerated villain and hero types, its piling-up of exciting situations, allmarvellously sublimated in Cummings' mind. A fourth is the awareness of theknockabout vitality, vigor, raciness, authenticity, humor, poetry and vividness of the American language. After reading Sandburg and Cummings, one be- lieves in the possibilities of this new tongue as one does not believe in itafter reading John V. A. Weaver. Fifth, there is splendid caricature. But backto the larger successes of The Enormous Room !One of its large successes is its minor organisms. Sentences, paragraphs,incidents, chapters are all carefully built up. (Unlike most of his contempo- raries, Cummings can still swing a long sentence. His verbs have a remarkablekick : enough to keep a dozen adjectives on the move). As a minute spe- cimen of minor organization, take this :« It must have been five o'clock. Steps. A vast cluttering of the exterior« of the door —by whom? Whang opens the door. Turnkey-creature extending« a piece of chocolate with extreme and surly caution. I say « Merci » and« seize chocolate. Klang the door ».It is a miniature, but note that its introduction creates imminence, itsprogression rises in a crescendo, and its final sentence closes neatly the incident.As a more extended minor organism, consider the portrait of the littledoll-like Belgian Machine-Fixer which rises to this lyrical invocation - anindirect reproach a hundred times more effective, it seems to me, than thedirect, well-chewed anger of the usual protestant against inhumanity.« And his ghastly and toylike wizened and minute arm would try to« make a pass at their lofty lives. O gonvernement frangais, I think it was not&lt; very clever of you to put this terrible doll in La Ferte ; I should have left« him in Belgium with his little doll-wife if I had been You ; for when Gover- « nements are found dead there is always a little doll on top of them, pulling« and tweaking with his little hands to get back the microscopic knife which« sticks firmly in the quiet meat of their hearts ».In the final chapter there is a magnificent arrangement of surprize andcontrast. In an abbreviated Joycian manner, the cupboards of the disagreeableare spilled all over the page and then as the ship enters New York harborcomes this :« My God what an ugly island. Hope we don't stay here long. All the« redbloods first class much excited about land, Damned ugly, I think.« Hullo.« The tall, impossibly tall, incomparably tall, city shoulderingly upward« into hard sunlight leaned a little through the octaves of its parallel edges,« leaningly strode upward into firm hard snowy sunlight; the noises of America« nearingly throbbed with smokes and hurrying dots which are men and which« are women and which are things new and curious and hard strange and« vibrant and immense, lifting with a great ondulous stride firmly into immortal« sunlight. *Each chapter mounts on its own crescendo, and each crescendo relatesto all the others. There is then a major organization. This major, roughlymodelled upon Bunyan's Prllgrim's Progress, must have presented great re- sistances to Cummings, as a glance at his plan will immediately corroborate. The first third of his book is a chronological narrative, the following halfis a timeless series of final sixth is again chronological nar- rative, yet he has actually shifted from a narrative and time technic into atimeless and descriptive technic and back again without the slightest loss ofmovement. Indeed, the curve of his central crescendo keeps ascending fromportrait to portrait until it seems as though its climax is certainly reachedrn an unforgettable eulogy of Jean Le Negre, but even after that it movesup higher as the book changes to narrative. B. is sent by the investigatingcommittee to Precigne. After he leaves, Cummings records :« I went to my bed and lay down quietly in my great pelisse. The« clamor and filth of the room brightened and became distant and faded. I« heard the voice of the jolly Alsatian saying:« 4 Courage, won ami% your comrade is not dead ; you will see him later '« and after that, nothing. In front of and within my eyes lived suddenly a« violent and gentle and dark silence ».In that silence the arc of The Enormous Room halts its upward progressruns level a few seconds, and then drops rapidly down for the concludingchapters.Each page of this book is a rewarding study in mechanics ; overwhel- ming as Cummings' subject matter was it has all been crystallized in a wayto give the last jerk and whirret that inhered therein. Cummings has jabbedhis pen into life, but he has also twisted it in the wound, and it is thistwist of the pen that makes literature. BOWLS. Marianne Moore. on the greenwith lignum vitae balls and ivory markers,the pins planted in wild duck formation,and quickly dispersed:by this survival of ancient punctilioin the manner of Chinese lacquer carving,layer after layer exposed by certainty of touch and unhurried incisionso that only so much color shall be revealed as is necessary to the pictureI learn that we are precisians —not citizens of Pompeii arrested in actionas a cross section of one's correspondence would seem to imply.Renouncing a policy of boorish indifferenceto everything that has been said since the days of Matilda,I shall purchase the Etymological Dictionary of Modern Englishthat I may understand what is writtenand like the ant and the spiderreturning from time to headquarters,shall answer the questionas to « why I like winter better than I like summer »and acknowledge that it does not make me sickto look modern playwrights and poets and novelists straight in the face —that I feel just the same ;and I shall write to the publisher of the magazinewhich will « appear the first day of the monthand disappear before one has had time to buy itunless one takes proper precaution, »and make an effort to please —since he who gives quickly gives twicein nothing so much as in a letter. FOUR POEMS. E. E. Cummings. I. a man who had fallen among thieveslay by the roadside on his backdressed in fifteenthrate ideaswearing a round jeer for a hatfate per a somewhat more than lessemancipated eveninghad in return for consciousnessendowed him with a changeless grinwhereon a dozen staunch and lealcitizens did graze at pausethen fired by hypercivic zealsought newer pastures or becauseswaddled with a frozen brookof pinkest vomit out of eyeswhich noticed nobody he lookedas if he did not care to riseone hand did nothing on the vestits wideflung friend clenched weakly dirtwhile the mute trouserfly confesseda button solemnly inert.Brushing from whom the stiffened pukei put him all into my armsand staggered banged with terror througha million billion trillion stars II. poets yeggs and thirstiessince we are spanked and put to sleep by dolls letus not be continually astonished shouldfrom their actions and speechessawdust perpetually leakrather is it between such beddings andbumpings of ourselves to be observedhow in this fundamental respect the wellrecognised regime of childhood is reversedmeantime in dreams let us investigatethoroughly each one his optima rerum firsthaving taken care to lie upon ourabdomens for greater privacy and lestpunished bottoms interrupt philosophy III. the season' tis, my lovely lambs,of Sumner Volstead Christ and Co.the epoch of Mann's righteousnessthe age of dollars and no cents.Which being quite beyond disputeas prove from Troy (N. Y.) to Cairo(Egypt) the luminous dithyrambsof large immaculate unmuteantibolshevistic gents(each manufacturing word by wordhis own unrivalled brand of pyro-technic blurb anent the (hie)hero dead that gladly (sic)in far lands perished of unheardof maladies including flu)my little darlings, let us nowpassionately remember how —braving the worst, of peril heedless,each braver than the other, each(a typewriter within his reach)upon his fearless derrieresturdily seated — Colonel NeedlessTo Name and General You know whoa string of pretty medals drew(while messrs jack james john and jimin token of their country's lovereceived my dears the order ofThe Artificial Arm and Limb) — or, since bloodshed and kindred questionsinhibit unprepared digestions,come : let us mildly contemplatebeginning with his wellfulled pantsearth's biggest grafter, nothing less;the Honorable Mr. (guess)who, breathing on the ear of fate,landed a seat in the legislat- ure whereas tommy so and so(an erring child of circumstancewhom the bulls nabbed at 33rd)pulled six months for selling snow IV. this evangelistbuttons with his big gollywog voicethen kingdomofheaven up behind and crazilyskating thither and hither in filthy sawdustchucks and rollsagainst the tent his thick joggling fistshe is persuasivethe editor cigarstinking hobgoblin swimsupward in his swivelchair one fist dangling scandal whilefive other fingers snitchrapidly through mist a defunct king aslinotypes gobblehobbleour lightheavy twic twoc ingly attackslanding a onetwowhich doubles up suddenly his bunged hinging victim, against thegiving roper amidscreams of deeply bulging thousandsi too omit one kellyin response to howjedooze the candidates new silklid bounds gently from his baldnessa smile masturbates softly in the vacantlot of his physiognomyhis scientifically pressed trousers ejaculate spatsa strikingly succulent getupbutwe knew a muff hunter and he said to us Kid.daze nutn like it. OLD MELODIES.LOVE AND DEATH Malcolm Cowley. I. There is a moment after the embracewhen happily fatigued we do not speakwhen still my cheek is resting on your cheekwhen hearts throb still and limbs still interlaceunder the coverlet: there is a momentsomewhere existing out of time and spacesomewhere(O tired eternity of your face)between extremes of ecstasy and torment.There is a moment logical and whitebehind the wall of flesh : it is as iffalling agreeably from some high cliffI floated in a limitless sea of lightamong impersonal forms and came to restwithin the personal limits of a nightwhere chair and bed loom comfortably tritewhere still my heart is beating on your chest II. They carry him off in a one horse hackand he won't be thinking of coming back.They carry him off in a one horse hackand he won't be thinking of coming back.They dump his bones in a six foot holemay God have mercy upon his soul.The dirt clumps down and pebbles drum on his belly(O sod that covers that hides the left nipple of hisbreast and crumbs of frozen clay seeping seeping bet- ween the stiff intestices of his legs) and theWorms crawl out and the worms crawl into build them a dwelling beneath the skin.(Naturally I am growing a little hysterical andhe is clothed in such linen as he never wore andthe new black suit he bought last week at Wana- makers while between him and the gravel or frozenrod there are thicknesses of glass, oak, lead. I ama little hysterical naturally and imagine myself be- neath the glass and oak and lead with him, clutch- ing him perhaps by the shoulder or continuing adesultory conversation about and about, aroundand upon and about)and dirt clump-clumps against my thighsagainst belly and frozen eyes.Between my fingers, between my kneesfall shovelsfull of eternities.And Worms crawl in and worms crawl outand round and round and upon and aboutour pointless conversation growsand there she goesand there she goes andalldressedupinher sun daycloesand there she goes. COMMENT. I.All is not sound. Richard Ashton. When somebody who advertises as an instructor in versification, recom- mending a long experience as poet scholar critic, accepted a sonnet of Hillyer'sfor publication only tentatively, because forsooth the last lines did not scan,it was suggested that after greater familiarity with Elizabethan or Hillyer'sown work, the Alexandrine would seem strange no longer.The only successful experimenter in English polyphonic prose berated apoem1 of Cowley's one evening after dinner, sparing neither words breathnor time, going so far as to declare him no poet, (though being at the timea literary agent for his poems), and upon the following afternoon sent forit to be reconsidered, because forsooth 1 if it should prove polyphonic proseeverything would be quite different \Sometime later the two who were more or less responsible for No. 4,bowing humbly beneath the proud poetic ignorance of their bosses inNew York, persevered in the distasteful task of printing Ashton's poemsmeekly to the last. Then their intelligence rebelled. Very deftly, if some- what drasticalty, they cut all but the last two lines, which thus became acomment upon the preceding. The bosses in New York apologise to Ashtonbut the Satanists can not, their injury was intentional. The complete poemprinted below, will make all readers meditate upon the kindness of thewicked, and the cruelty of the just. THE JILTED MOON Tonight the tide is coming very smooth,So on the crinkled stretch the moonWrites Chinese characters in every groove,Changing with silver speed on a long path.Are these love-letters, moon ? If so, you write too fast;I cannot read their sense before they pass.And is your passion strung so violentYou cannot be contentTo have me see and slowly understand,But must spend quickly much for all or noneWith your too brightly writing hand ?Then, moon, I am not your Endymion:Your letters are too free to everyone.You see, I am too low for your estate,Heart too monogamous, and thoughts too limited for theseWhite flaming poems of your ice-cold fate.Your quickly-burning messagesTo me are no more than Chinese, o moon,Are no more than Chinese. When No. 4 finally arrived in New York, after having lodged a monthin the bureau drawers of an utter stranger in Berlin, our Founder deliveringhimself of the dictum (just before luncheon): « in polyphonic prose rhymesbeen hitherto overcrowded and staccato, » especially recommended two poemssigned Ashton for attention, because forsooth their cadences were wider andtheir recurrent sound patterns more subtle than in any other example ofthe medium. The poems, which it may be said here are nothing of the sort,must be read to be enjoyed properly, but as they are appealing in theirlack of grace, and as nothing lends things dignity like analysis, and asbesides they were recommended for especial attention, here goes :The first is made up of three passages of monosyllabic conversationand a conclusion of commonplace free verse, the which are preceeded First,by a bit of triplicate meter containing a distinct metrical achievement, towit, a couplet of eleven monosyllables with four beats ! The sound patternof this passage is in its completeness aabbbaa, all occurring at thetermini of the cadencies. Hence it is to be presumed, unless art's hidcauses be not found, came the impression of wider polyphonies; Second.by a bit of polyphonic prose whose pattern is not staccato because it ispauper, Third, by a sentence with one assonance, and that a naked beggarfollowed by a free verse cadence attogether too familiar; Fourth, byanother triplicate passage, all rhymes of which are not terminal to be sure,but which give no polyphonic effect whatever.Considered as modern verse, the second poem is a fake. It is in tum- bling meter throughout. A statement not satyric, but technical, for tumbling meter1 (which persisted from the Saxon decadence through the time ofSpencer) allows four beats to a line and unaccented syllables ad lib; aprinciple of prosody whereunder Poe and Coleridge were successful andAshton pleasant to the point of unpleasantness. His precious bit of polyphonicprose, printed more accurately, might have done service as a theme at atime where we were studying tumbling meter at Harvard, and may havebeen marked C—. Be this as it may, let us back to our muttons. TheA.rhymes are swing, violin, snatch, catch, floor, curve, swrrve, more, men,light, white, again, black, back, croon, saxophone, tones, tune, (in a line oftwo beats), door, one, run, coat, feet, following, cheek, face, speak, poise,joy, surge, proceeds, recedes. In addition as internal rhymes there are atvarious caesuras, lilt, wiggle, twinkle, moan, grace, urge. For full measurea litter of illegitimate Swinburne's are thrown in:lift and linger and lift once moremingles and mergesfollowing, flattering, following again,also we have such gems as :rose-red shimmerpetal-soft cheekhalf-open lips — « too tense to speak », these last.Helping us scan this difficult, intricate and subtle medium, we aregiven two italics up and down, the beats occuring on these very words!As there is no reason to suspect that anyone who cares to write tumblingmeter is bothering to disguise the fact, as there is less reason why suchpistache pastiche should appear in a magazine which is devoted to new formsbecause of its ennui with the old, not its ignorance of the good; as fur- thermore Ashton has had his poem set up most modernly, breaking his linesnot merely at some of the possible caesuras, but even at many impossibleones, the poem starts oif with quite a kick:Downit goesWith alingering ,wing etc.Printing on the bias in pink or green ink would improve it, but stillit is not bad, not bad. Soon the rhymes begin to come thick and fast, and to occur, thanks to a disobliging printer, at the beginning of every line orso of type. Then quick, just-like-a-flash, one is on to the little game of howone should write wider and better polyphonic prose. God only knows howone should read it.The medium it would seem should be studied, even by those whowrite it, and nonsense verse as well; but never oh never should the leadersof literary novements study English prosody, particulary not from personswho advertise themselves as adepts in that art of pain and beauty.... 1 Secession No. 3. The poem, it may be said here, is not polyphonic prose,nor anything like it. It is nothing but nonsense, and not heretical after all. Autho- rity: Bab's Ballads, « Wicked Mr. (What's his name?) Blake ». 1 Authority : Dean Briggs's Course in Versification. Grade c+. II.Poor at these numbers. J. B. W. Everyone who is anyone is studying typography as musical notation inverse. Future textbooks will have chapters on the subject. Indeed it is funnythat Saintsbury has not dealt with it, for :In a review by J. C. Squire — we were hired to read him, of course —of the new Cambridge edition of Shakespeare, we were delighted to findthis : « Mr. Pollard and Mr. Simpson have made it plain that the punctuation(of Shakespeare), which to the mere reader often appears absurd in its va- garies, was deliberately contrived as a guide to the proper speaking of thewords. » Mr. Squire also extracts this note :« 367, be quick thou'st best. Absence of punctuation denotes rapid delivery ».We therefore ask Johnny Weaver and the other rah-rah boys who can- not forgive the freedoms of Mr. Cummings to attack first this deplorableeccentricity on the part of William Shakespeare. 1It is not without perturbation that I enter this subject for I shall noteasily forget my bepuzzlement when it came to setting a poem of Cowley's 2up in type. I could not for the life of me decide whether certain passageswere free verse, verse of very long cadences, or prose, all this the moreso without initial capitalization. It was in vain that I compared the Ms.with the printed poem in Secession, in vain that I sent across the Atlanticfor an exact Ms. from Cowley, in vain that I motored out to the pressthrough several of the wildest blizzards known to the memory of the oldest living inhabitant of Greater Boston, in order to ensure myself that the poemappear as it should sound. All was over. Damon and I were congratulatingourselves on our faithfulness to friendship and to the movement. A letterarrived from Cowley asking, kindly but sternly, why his poem was printedin 15 lines when it contained only 9? Now, I had done my best to print12 lines, and I have done my best for a month in Giverny to get Cowley toteach me to count 9, but it is beyond me. I have read that poem over andover again, ever since then, counting its verses many times only to arriveeach time at a different sum. To my dying day I shall be certain that itcontains 2 sentences, and that it is very beautiful, but I should hate to riskanything for which I cared much by taking a chance on the number oflines it has. All this argues (not only against dilettanti compilers of an- thologies containings modern verse, but also) for and against experiment intypographical metrical notation. If a poem be beautiful it matters little howit be printed, yet on the other hand a reader should be permitted to loosenone of its subtle cadencies. Yet, again, is it not as wise to leave one'sminor effects implicit and inherent, limiting one's hypothetical audience tomen of imagination and sense ? Does not Cummings miss at times a forestfor the trees, displaying his minor cadencies to the prejudice of his inclusiveones ?I shall not enter the subject after all, at all! Being unlearned in thesematters, I fear least anything I have to say tend to increase the prejudiceof readers rather than to clarify experiment by writers ; and, being unlearn- ed, I feel keenly the need of an exact metrical notation. Robert Graves inan engaging little bore of a book of which I forget the name, seeks todispose of « free verse » because forsooth metrical verse, like Swinburne'sHertha, has also no exact means of indicating its essential tempo and stress!19th Century good usage in spelling and punctuation has deprived us ofmany devices free to: Milton, Blake, and Co. Old means of indicating tempoand stress are now to be recovered with more added. That is fine. Thereis one danger. Preoccupied with experiment, blinded by success we may,like Herrick or Herbert (who, with Josephson, not always gave their poemsoral movements promised the eye) deliver poetry to the tender mercy ofprinters; depending upon means not literary but visual, like certain Persianswho are the less worth republication or translation because their reputationsrest quite as much on the beauty of their handwriting as upon the nicenessof their ears or the subtlety of their minds. Impressive as are the methodsof advertisement its motive is essentially unaesthetic. It is not an art atall, but rather a point of departure for an art, which begins where adver- tisement leaves off and may, even, not be worth beginning. What if there be idiograms in English (as for instance the word bloody, which has dripsand drops about the look of it), is there merit in the fact ? 1If a poem is written for the ear, its typographical presentation is ofsecond importance. Better as Leaves of Grass is in its early editions, it isalmost as good on a double-column page. Shakespeare puts it over stillthough anyone who has read a Folio or Quarto knows the printers havelittle thanks coming to them. I wonder what future editions of Cummingsare going to look like! I do not, however, decry his line of experiment forits fragility, many aesthetic effects are only to be got with a loss of dura- bility, but one cannot improve the workmanship of a poem, as Ashton triedto do, by trick printing, and if one's poem would be much the worse forbeing set up badly, best better it. Violation, observance, and formation ofgood usage in diction, punctuation and typography, are respectable insofaras they make for permanence of aesthetic effect. That chapter of the futureprosodist will commence with, Circumambient Limitations. 1 Lifted from copy sent from the bosses in New York.2 « Two Swans ». Eight More Harvard Poets. Brentano's 1923. 1 Do sounds have colour ?How many archangels can dance on the point of a needle VHow much wood a wood-chuck chuck? CORRESPONDENCE. G. B. M. To Secession.Every man, is prophesied, must eventually become his own brewer.Certainly, every man must already import his own art from Central Europe.The Dial, as official importer, lands too many dead fish.... Portrait of Ri- chard Strauss by Max Liebermann (geboren 1847, now President of theBerlin Academy of Arts), Richard Specht on Schnitzler, Stefan Zweipg onDickens.... we produce this sort of stuff in vast quantities on this side, too.I recommend as a counter-irritant the Hungarian activist review, MA, editedby Ludwig Kassak. MA excels in experimental typographical composition,reproduces the latest work of Moholy-Nagy, Raoul Haussmann, Jacques Lip- shitz, Picabia, Van Doesburg, Mondrian, Gleizes, Leger, Tatlin, Viking Egge- ling, Man Ray, the Russian constructivists, and photographs of beautiful bridges,machines, and New York, and publishes translations from the avant-gardewriters in Germany, France, Russia and America, the last being representedso far by Malcolm Cowley, Gorham B. Munson, and William Carlos Williams. Modern ReviewFICTION POETRY CRITICISMmillllnlllllliti■ ■ 111• 11111ii11111111111111ir 11111m11111111111ii111111111111111111 ■ 11niiimiiii11111111in11111111111111111111111111A modern magazine printingnothing, however, that isradical or clever.Published quarterly at Winchester Massachusetts.25 cents a copyat Bookstands.Subscription1.00 a year. REBELS AND REACTIONARIESrub shoulders amiably and in perfect harmony inTHE DOUBLE DEALERPublished at New Orleanswhich prints good writing by youngsters or greybeards re-gardless of school, influence, or tradition. It shares none ofthe prejudices of the right wing or the left wing in con-temporary literature, but " deceives them both by speakingthe truth It prints exhilarating creative and critical ma-terial by such writers asHart Crane Arthur SymonsDjuna Barnes Lord DunsanyLouis Gilmore Lafcadio HearnCarl Van Vechten Maxwell BodenheimEdmund Wilson jr. Paul Eldridgeand half a hundred others.You have heard DOUBLE DEALER "it* isTSingle copy 25 cents — Year's subscription . Dollars 2.50Trial Offer: Five Months » 1.00Address: 204 Baronne Street, New Orleans, La., U. S. A. SECESSIONis forming a group of writers, hardly less important, it is forminga group of readers, a group concerned with the ends and aims ofthe other and, by a TECHNICAL JOURNAL, brought intimatelyinto contact with their work in its EXPERIMENTAL PHASES.They form, as it were, a hand-picked AUDIENCE to which the/• i \ v « ; ■; • &lt;• 'i '* ' t; "' ' ■* rwriters figuratively address themselves and are so freed from theDILEMMA of two slaveries to which literature has been subjectedsince the DECLINE of PATRONAGE, — the solitary slavery of theIVORY TOWER and the Mob Slavery of the " PUBLIC•i , • &gt;The " PUBLIC ", and WHAT IT " WANTS " are abstractionsas empty for letters as for politics.SECESSIONspeaks, not to a public meeting, but to a room-full of FRIENDS.Would you care to be one? This POST CARD can make you so.cut along dotted line 3)ear Sir,){indly add my name and address to your mailinglist when you receive my payment at your publishedrates, and oblige,yours very truly, Market ReportNew York, July 5, cut along dotted lineStampGorham B. Munson, Esq.4, Grove St.NEW YORK City.