The mask 1 7 September 1908 naau_1908-09_01 The mask 1 7 Untitled Image Illustration 1 DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. by JULIUS OLIVER. Illustration 4 CONTENTS 5 A NOTE ON A STAGE SCENE E. W. Godwin cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 YVETTE GUILBERT An Impression Haldane Macfall cre 6-9 Untitled Image Illustration 6 ROGUES AND VAGABONDS 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS E. W. Godwin cre 10-15 Untitled Image Illustration 10 A NOTE ON AN OLD ENGRAVING Allen Carrie cre 16-17 Untitled Image Illustration 16 BEAUTY IN ART – FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE From the translation of Johanna Volz cre 17 Untitled Image Illustration 17 SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. Gordon Craig cre 18-19 Untitled Image Illustration 18 GIULIO PIRHO Illustration 19 BOOK REVIEWS 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 IMPRESSIONS OF HENRY IRVING, 20 BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINES 20 FOREIGN NOTES 20-22 Untitled Image Illustration 20 following questions were recently put to M. P., London cre 20-22 LONDON R. S cre 22 EDITORIAL NOTES 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 22 nPhe announcement made in the August J. S cre 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 25 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 26 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 27 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 28 ruTJ.IS1; Haldane Macfall Vol. I. N.° 7. SEPTEMBER I908 THE MASKA MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE EUROPEAN &amp; AMERICAN AGENTS. LONDON. D. J. RIDER 36 St Martin's Court. Charing Cross Road. W. C. JZ/ JZ? jSfBERLIN. SOLE GERMAN AGENT - SCHUSTER &amp; BUFLEB. Nollendoristiasse 31. W- .AMSTERDAM. KIRBERGER &amp; KESPER. 134 Rokin. JE&gt; £&gt; 0BUDAPEST. NAG EL OTTO Mnseum-Kornt, aM O S C O U. "LA BALANCE " Office, Place du Theatre £&gt;£?£&gt;£/&amp;PHILADELPHIA. U. S. A." THE BUTTERFLY " Office. 1126 Walnut Street. 0FLORENCE, s, BORGO S. JACOPO -&lt;s&gt; &amp;&amp;&amp;£?&amp; PRICE ONE SHILLING, NET MONTHLY NEW ADDRESS.IThe present offices not being sufficiently roomy to carry on the increasing workof the magazine, THE EDITORIAL &amp; PUBLISHING DEPARTMENTS ofTHE MASK will shortly be transferred to new premises. Pending thisremoval ALL COMMUNICATIONS should be addressed to the Advertisingoffice, 8 BORGO SAN IACOPO. All Subscribers, Contributors and Agents are asked to make a note of this.THE MASK, 8, BORGO SAN IACOPO, FLORENCE C ?VJ?Ir7!??rIVl? «TS ADI)RESS TO " THE MASK " ADVERTISING OFFICE: 8 BORGO S. JACOPO &lt;&lt;2?&amp; &amp; FLORENCE &amp;IT A L Y OR TO THE LONDON., GERMAN, OR OTHER AGENTS &amp; &amp; »-w-4w w Tir—*4 mm A V jr- THE JOURNAL OF THE ARTI I—I 17 /l/l A 1/ OF THE THEATRE.■ I IWI /-% |\ VOLUME ONE, No. SEVEN.4 I R.1 *4 1 ▼ Hi. Jl SEPTEMBER I 9 O 8. YVETTEQUILB E R T. YVE T T EGUILBERT. YVE T T EGUILB E R T. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. SHAKESPEARE'SGREEK PLAYS. A NOTE ON ANOLD ENGR WING SHAKESPEARE'SPLAYS. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED GERENTE RESPONS ABILE, GINO DUCCI AMONG THE WRITERS &amp; ARTISTS CONTRIBUTING TO " THE MASK " AREJOHN BALANCE ALEXANDER HEVESI JEAN JACQUES OLIVIERCARL BEHRENS &amp; H. von HOFMANNSTHAL WOLFE PLANRUPERT BROOKE jS&gt; JAN van HOLT JSF WILLEM ROYAARDSALLEN EDWARD HUTTON WILL ROTHENSTEINQUNNAR CASTREN £/ ANDREAS JYNGE OTTO RUNG £/ -0-GORDON CRAIG ,s&gt; ELLEN KEY £r RUDOLPH SCHMERZ &amp;J. PAUL COOPER JAN KLAASSEN -&lt;S&gt; MARTIN SHAW 0ISADORA DUNCAN JZT FRITZ LAPIDOTH xs&gt; ELLEN TERRY XZ&gt; x?A. FR1EDENTHAL D. NEVILE LEES x? E. THESLEFF 0LOUIS FULEP £&gt; jZ&gt; M. L YKIA RDOPO U LOS JAN C. de VOS js&gt; £&gt;ADOLF FURST 0 X? HALDANE MACFALL &amp; PHILIP WAHLSTROMJULIUSZ GERMAN NEUWERT H. WILSON. X? jS&gt;IVO HAUPTMANN x&amp; C. NICHOLSON &amp; HELEN ZIMMERN aS&gt;BMBBBAABMMMASTAAABBMAMBMBEEABHABMBAAABBIAAAAABAMBAGAAIMMBABAMHABBA^^"THE MASK" HAS CORRESPONDENTS IN THE FOLLOWING CITIESAMSTERDAM &amp; jS&gt; THE HAGUE &amp; &amp; ROME &amp;BERLIN &amp; &amp; HELSINQFORS &amp; SAN FRANCISCO &lt;£?LONDON -£? STOCKHOLM &amp;COPENHAGEN &amp; MADRID VIENNA -£? &amp; &amp;DRESDEN £&gt; &amp; MUNCHEN &amp; JZ? &amp; WARSAW &amp;DUBLIN PARIS &amp; &amp; WEIMAR j&amp; &amp;FLORENCES j&amp; PHILADELPHIA j&amp; SPECIAL NOTICE.A FEW COPIES OF THE EDITION DE LUXE ARE STILL UNSUBSCRIBED FOR ANDCOST L. 3- 5- o. FOR THE YEAR. JS? &amp; &amp; &amp;VPADI v i England, 16 Shillings f Italy, 17 Lire, )ciiRcrD!DTiAM Germany, 16 Marks I Russia 8 Roubles POST FREEauBbCKiHUOiN I America, 4 Dollars | France 20 Francs. !ORDER FORMTo the Editor, (or) To Mr. BooksellerAddress . Please put down my name as a subscriber to "The Mask" for one year, or six monthscommencing with the number, in payment of which subscription, including postage,II enclose the sum of Signed Address Printed for the Proprietor by E. Morandi, Tlpografia Bodonlana, Via Florence, and published at The Office8, B0rg"0 S. JaCOpO. jgyir -- • ■ -- DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. by JULIUS OLIVER. CONTENTS AFTER THE PRACTISE THE THEORY j£&gt; A NOTE ON A STAGE SCENE by THE DESIGNER -&lt;S&gt; YVETTEGUILBERT, AN IMPRESSION by HALDANE MACFALL ROGUES AND VAGABONDS £&gt;THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S GREEK PLAYS by E. W. GODWINTWO WORDS AND THEIR MEANING A NOTE ON AN OLD ENGRAVING, by ALLENCARRIC 0 " BEAUTY IN ART by NIETZSCHE SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by GORDONCRAIG BOOK REVIEWS £&gt; FOREIGN NOTES £&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES &amp; ENGRAVINGSby GORDON CRAIG, J. OLIVER, CHARLES BORROW, C. TICKETTS &amp; OTHERS. JSf £&gt; A NOTE ON A STAGE SCENE E. W. Godwin. Hpo be misunderstood may be to be great. To misunderstand is only deliberate carelessness.&amp; A design for a stage scene should need no explanation:... but where is the harm intrying to make a thing clearer by words when the design itself has failed ? &amp; The failureis not mine: it is yours, and I don't for an instant believe you will understand it a scrapbetter after you have read this note. But you will feel that something is wrong with youand that is all I want you to feel.To begin with, this is only a design for a scene and not the scene itself. The languageof a scene differs from a design on paper. 1 have translated the scene freely and not withan exactness demanded by the Berlitz School. Look at it freely and without that brainsnobbery which deadens the gaiety of life and all will be well. Be content not to understandit all at once and we shall be friends. But if you look at it through a film of quiteunnecessary bitterness awakened by the delusion that you are being fooled, then you willbe utterly nonplussed and the thing will make you furious or bitter or disdainful. &amp;&amp; I would prevent this if possible. What is it ? Only what you like to make it. If you can'thang a thought on it give it up. If you can it will perhaps repay you. Best if you findit to be one of the following things. A scene expressing the idea of two forces, mobilityand immobility,... or.... it is a scene representing the city of Troy in flames,... or.... a scenefram Shakespeare's Troilus and Cressida in all its accuracy of detail, period B. C. II84»900.The pillar in the foreground is one of the supports of the door of that period: that in themiddle distance another and in the background you can see the walls. Flames and smokecomplete the design. &amp; You may take your choice as to which of these three solutions you accept, but as I havenow given you a choice you can no longer accuse yourself of not being able to understand it. THE DESIGNER. of costume, etc, in pictures, whether on canvas or on the stage, should beeither altogether wrong or wholly right. YVETTE GUILBERTAn Impression by Haldane Macfall. uddenly a hoarse roar of welcome bursts from the gloombeyond the orchestra, betraying the dim throng that sitsdensely packed in the dark hollow of the theatre ofvarieties, and there steps quickly before the footlightswith a pretty touch of the shoulders and smiling at theclamour of their greeting,... Yvette Guilbert. As shestands radiant there in white there enters almost stealthilya young man in evening dress, a dandified fellow, hishair brushed back from the cleanshaven face, his dressof an early Victorian picturesqueness that proclaims theFrench student of the artists' quarter, and seats himselfat the piano. &amp; The thunder increases and {alls away; rises again; and again conies the gust of acclaim:Yvette Guilbert! She bends her ringletted head of chesnut coloured hair, and bows in herwide crinolined skirts of white silken fulness, sprigs of roses clustered upon them; andsmiles a strange smile in answer to the salutation of a hoarse-throated applause. A littleinvoluntarily the brows gather as though in nervous distress at the prolonged din. Herhand, gloved only to the wrist of the white arm in the quaint habit of a bygone day, isheld out to hush the hails of the multitude. It creates stilly silence. Yvette Guilbertannounces " Les Cloches de Nantes ". &amp; &amp; &amp;The voice has that husky note of the dramatic utterance.... they all have it, Ellen Terry,Yvette Guilbert, Duse, all. The piano sends out a ripple of lightly struck chords upon theexpectant hush. And she, archly tossing her head, lilts the opening lines of the oldFrench ballad.&amp; At once the actress is in possession of the house. Almost before the first note is fullyuttered, that dramatic voice and absolute gesture have gripped the heart; quickly the oldballad comes back to life, fragrant with the aroma of ancient days. Romance has steppedinto this lime-lit place. The years roll back; and we are sighing with the jailor'sdaughter where she gazes, her eyes tear-wet, upon the empty cell that she has helped tomake a part of the aching void in her heart.... nerves thrill, the lip quivers; there leapsstraight into our stilled imagination the haunting picture, and takes possession there. &amp;In the prison of Nantes there is prisoner, a prisoner whom no one EVER goes to seebut the daughter of the turnkey. Ah! ah! ah! - Ah! ah! ah!.... Whom no one ever goes tosee but the daughter of the turnkey, she who takes hiin water to drink, water to drink,and food to eat. Ah! ah! ah! - Ah! ah! ah!...."Ah me! since tomorrow I die, strike the fettersfrom my feet. Strike - the fetters - from = my feet".... All the bells of Nantes got thema-ringing: Ah! ah! ah! - Ah! ah! ah! All the bells of Nantes got them a-ringing.... The littlemaid's a young thing. She begins to cry. Ah! ah! ah! - Ah! ah! ah!.... The little maid's aa young thing She frees his feet a-weeping ...She - frees = his feet - a=weeping.Quick the prisoner with a bound leaps into the river. Hey! hey! hey!.... Hey! hey! hey! Leapsinto the river So here's to girls of Nantes! Likewise to all prisoners! Ho! ho! hey!....Ha! ha! hah!JZ&gt; Ay; in those all too few swift speeding minutes of song, by her magic, just standingthere in that quaint fantastic garb that in no slightest degree aids her in creating thepictured thing, the art's skill of this wonderful woman has banished space and time andthe dark hushed world of eager faces in the surrounding gloom, and we are back to theyears and air and pathetic winsomeness of the old tragi-comedy. We leap into the tidethat flows by the walls of Nantes, and eagerly, as with the cramped limbs of the prisoner,we are breasting that flow to the sea, and all the while, sounds the carillon of bells, thatpeal above the town of Nantes, now sad, now triumphant, now eager, now sobbing, runninglike litany through all the vision, yet even as the youth stands free, drinking to thejailor's daughter, the carillon contracts one's heart, for there are tears in the eyes of thegirl who bows her head in the empty cell..,, alone, &amp; * &amp; This is supreme acting, the indescribable consummate compelling thing that no mortalcan teach; that it is given only to genius to do. No rule nor plummet can measure it;no laws produce&amp; it has all been roused in us, this vision, so completely that one starts at the thunderof applause which leaps at the music's ending. Read the simple lines in cold blood; andyou wonder how, from such scant fabric she has woven so rich a tapestry. &amp;Yvette stands smiling and bowing. &amp; This is no longer the slender Yvette of thesimple dress and the long black gloves who was the idol of the students of the LatinQuarter « well - but a few years ago, when all's said. Those were the days of the crazefor the prison=songs, the devil=me=care lyric, up at Aristide Bruant's cafe, where mine hostwith rough affectation of brutality and brusquery, accosted one in surly fashion at thedoor, then leaping on to the table in his heavy long boots, sang the glories of prisons andof jail=birds. You will say that the Yvette of the old French ballad has usurped the Yvetteof the older ruder fashions = No. The black cap of the ouvrier is on her head, a mufflerround her throat. A few sombre chords float out upon the smoke laden air; and, at astroke, we are back with Yvette of the old days.... for all the whimsical skirts of thevoluminous crinoline. The shoulders are up; the jaw thrust out; and the gutteral voiceof the hooligan lad of Montmartre, with its emphatic curtness of suggestion and intensityof .utterance, sounds roughly across the footlights. &amp;&amp; You lean forward, straining to interpret the jargon.... even a cultured Frenchman followsthe slang with difficulty. But Yvette's dramatic skill flashes the meaning across thetheatre, it is the very statement of the vile soul of the lad, the youth of the factory quarterwho knows no honest toil, who indeed schemes ever with the calculated industry of crimeto evade that toil.Conceited in his blackuardisms, glorying in what manhood would hide as a thing ofshame, boasting of bleeding the girls of their money, proud of doing no honest thing inhis day, vaunting his coward kick that lays the constable low, arrogant in his lack offriends, gloating in the hate of his fellow men and the fear of his fellow scoundrels, hewould have you know that he is no daylight lark, ho! ho! not he. He comes out atnightfall, when the rich blokes are out strutting it in their silk hats and evening dress what? Some fool of them has strolled alone, Gawd help him! I&gt; 11 soon turn out theswaggering fellow's pockets, and give him a fright, no fear! And if the fool shows fight,down he '11 go ....what? He's hurt! Gawd!.... where can I put him.... Here! wake up!.... Holymiracle! a constable! Here, get up you fool! wake up, d'ye hear. Caught! my Gawd!What's this? the judge, and the condemned cell! Morning's near broke » what's that?great God! the guillotine. They're saluting my head! " The foul braggart oath and thebluster are done. The figure of the terrified lad crouches in terror, the hoarse gutteralwords hang in the air.... die out.Again the shout leaps out of the pitchy blackness of the theatre; the black cap and thescarf are whipped off and flung aside; Yvette stands up, the illusion vanishes, reluctantlyit goes, so complete has it been, holding one's senses as in a vice.This I say is supreme acting. How those few rough lines have been made to tell thewhole ugly tragedy, to build up the distorted life !&amp; Yvette Guilbert, her eyes sparkling mischief, her figure and demeanour all demure, iscarolling in English, English with just that delightful childish trace of accent that makesour tongue, spoken by the French, the most fascinating of foreign translations, the simplehumourous song of " Mary was a housmaid " or 6i I wonder when I shall be married, oh,be married ". And with what wealth of suggestion, with what whimsical humour and keeninsight, she enriches the meaning of each slightest sylable, until the very hummed linesgive out a dramatic meaning in their significant comedy.Equally at home in tragedy and comedy, in pathos and in humour, with a skill and style all herown is Yvette... the inimitable. Here is a profound actress. By some strange chance she has foundin a few short lyrics a scope for her genius which yields her a larger field of drama thanfive acts can win for most full casts. Listen to quite a clever songstress sing the " Keys ofHeaven"; then listen to Yvette Guilbert; and you shall realise the vast gulf that yawnsbetween genius and talent.It is claimed for Yvette Guilbert that she has found in the old romantic French songs a higher field for her artistry than was hers before; I cannot bow to this. I never saw hereven in the very earliest days, but that she was a woman of genius. Whatsoever she touchesshe makes into a work of art. She is, within the limits imposed upon her by the music hall,as supreme a genius as ever stepped the stage. It cannot be otherwise, for it were impossibleto state with more exquisite beauty and perfection and power the emotion that it is essayedto arouse. The gamut of the emotions, (the sole instrument of any artist whatsoever) calledforth by her, ranges from sordid to sublime tragedy, from low to high comedy, from pathos toquaint whimsicality, and she plays each part with unerring surety and finesse; above allshe convinces, for whilst she holds the stage we walk by way of her personality throughoutthe experience of every emotion she would make us feel.It is astounding what sense she wrings from every syllable, from every phrase, of the balladsand songs she transmits into dramatic gems. Her pantomime, her inflection of voice, andher employment of the utterances of the throat to express the passions and emotions thatmay be conveyed by words, are a revelation of the power that lies within words. And itis precisely in this achievement in this realm that an actor is a creative artist or merelya clever and accomplished mimic.Success did not rush scrambling with smirk and smile of welcome, tripping in very eagernessover the ribbons of monstrous posies of flowers, to hail the first coming of Yvette Guilbert.She had to battle her way. First came the humiliations that go with hanging about thedoors of managers, the aching anxieties that their evasive nod or blunt disapproval meantto a young woman with a gaunt figure, and the awkward carriage of the body that had stillmuch of the gauche slenderness of a girl who has sprung up to womanhood too quickly.Such was Yvette, when all is said. She had, frank truth to tell, not the airs and graces andfinished tricks of manner that go to make the battery to win success of the leading ladies ofthe national theatre. The accent held the slurred drawl that mars for French ears thespeech of the industrial faubourgs. And Yvette's quick ears would naturally catch the accentof the faubourg du Temple, since there she was born on the 20th of January 1867.Yet this girl needed but to be cast for an interesting part in order to reveal the powersof uttering comedy and tragedy that slumbered behind her ambitions. When Yvette Guilbertfirst stepped before the footlights, Paris was without a prophet. At the Nouveautes shemade her courtesy to the public in her twenty-second year in a one act play by AlbertBrasseur. The thrill of facing the footlights was hers alone; neither audience nor managersaw much more than the defects. At the she, however, was playing in the followingyear with Rejane, Jadic, Baron, Lassouche, and others of a wide vogue; but neither playersnor public had wits enough to recognise the genius of the slim beginner, so eager for conquest.At last, one fine day, Yvette Guilbert, checked and baffled by the utter lack of recognitionon all hands, saw that the legitimate stage was not going to yield her the position for whichshe felt certain that she was capable; so it came about that, thanks to an energy that hasnever failed her, she abandoned the theatre and went straight to the music-hall, boldlyasking Madame Allemand, the directress of Eldorado for an engagement. Madame Allemand,with her shrewd eye for budding talent, put the young woman through her paces and offeredthe delighted Yvette twenty four pounds a month! But the public were not used to thestyle and the personality of the newcomer and passed her performances by, unapplauding,which brought regret to Madame Allemand as to her prophecies and suspicions that shehad been mistaken in her discovery of a future star in the gaunt girl, so that she was soonputting Yvette on the stage at the opening of the evening's entertainement to sing to theempty benches, "wiping the boards" as the actor's slang has it.^Although Madame Allemand thus saved the digestions of the later arriving frequenters ofthe Eldorado from the undue strain of trying to praise what they could not appreciate,Yvette was not made of the stuff that seeks to cajole misunderstanding and disdain, or is gladto be accepted with sufferance. In some distress she protested; and her directress, franklyowning that her hopes in the girl had wholly failed, offered to cancel her contract or togive her half her former wage to remain and continue to " Wipe the boards " every night.Yvette, furious, vowed that she would never again sing there until she was offered for everyevening the twenty-four pounds that they now refused to give her a month, and walkedout of the Eldorado slamming the door behind her. &amp;The rest of the story is well known. That door slammed also upon Yvette Guilbert's "wiping of the boards". She wiped the boards no longer; nor sang to empty benches. Atthe Concert Parisien she made her hit, and was soon a star, and of the first magnitude.In less than a couple of years from the slamming of that door, Madame Allemand was signinga contract with Yvette Guilbert to sing for twenty«four pounds a night, and there was noclause about wiping the boards..,. At twenty=five she was a sensation. The hoardings soonheld posters on which she figured in rare designs by Sautrec; and Steinler has drawn her.Good fortune came early to her, as it needs must come to an actress, if ever.The rest of her years have been one long triumph. It was her tireless energy, not her art,that played her false at last. She burnt the candle at both ends, illness struck her down,and her life came near to paying the forfeit. But her strong will and love of life overcamethe weakness of her frail body; and, having recovered from her nervous breakdown aftera long absence from before the footlights, she reappeared at the Olympia, where she receivedsuch a tumultous ovation, and was so profoundly moved by the enthusiasm, that she losther nerve, was unable to sing, and could only stammer forth the assurance of her happinnessto be amongst them all again. They shouted for her to sing. " I beg your pardon " shesaid pathetically " but.... I cannot". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;However, she soon overcome the nervous strain that had nearly brought her to the grave;and has won to fame over the wide world. And it is not the least part of her brightachievement that she has breathed life again into the old French ballad that had lain solong forgotten, folded and put away in lavender in the lumber rooms of a great people'shistoric and romantic past. Her entrance. Her voice. " I,es cloches deNantes . The achievementof her magic. Supreme acting. The Yvette ofthe Z, at i nQuarter . The song of thehooligan lad. An English song Yvette,.... theinimitable. Her early days. Her birth . Her debut. From Theatre toMusic Hall. "Wiping theboards. At the ConcertParisien. Her triump k . ROGUES AND VAGABONDS ROGUE (French derived from Celtic) French, rogue, " arrogant, proud,presumptuous, rude, surly; " Cotgrave's Dictionary, Ed: 1660. Compare Modern Englishrogu-ish, saucy. The original sense was a surly fellow; hence a vagabond, derived fromBreton, rok, rog, arrogant, proud, haughty, brusque. Cf. Irisk rucas, pride. (Doubtful;see Scheler).VAGABOND, French derived from Latin. French, vagabond, " a vagabond; "Cotgrave's Dictionary. From Latin, uagabundus, adj., strolling about: derived fromLatin uaga=ri, to wander; with suffix » bundus. &amp;&amp;£?&amp;&amp;&amp; THE ARCHITECTUREAND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S GREEKPLAYS by E. W. Godwin. Jncluding the doubtful one, there are no less than five playsdevoted more or lass to Greek story and one with a backgroundso far deiived from Greece that I take leave to class it withthe others. These six plays refer to four different periods, andmaybe chronologically arranged as follows:—A Midsummer Night's Dream . )Troilus and Cressida. ... . j 1184—990Winter's Talet- o ... B.C. 430—407Timon of Athens Pericles B.C. 190Comedy of Errors A.D. 300But in affixing approximate dates for the action to thesedramas I see no reason why certain of them—namely AMidsummer Night's Dream, Winter's Tale, and the Comedy ofErrors— should not be considered as wholly belonging totheir author's time. &amp; &amp; &amp;The proper names, Athens, Theseus, Hippolyta, /€;gle, Ariadne,which occur in A Midsummer Night's Dream, are no doubteminently Greek, but the woods where the two girls Hermiaand Helena 44 upon faint primrose beds were wont to lie " areas English as the clowns and the fairies, than which nothingcan be more English. The fact that Theseus refers to hisbattle with the Amazons, and how he first conqueredand then loved their Queen, Hippolyta, although strictly inaccordance with the classic legend is hardly sufficient to weigh down the host of improbabilities that crowd the stage when this play is produced with costume,&amp;c., in imitation of Greek fashions. Again, when Theseus talks of the livery of a nun,shady cloisters, and the like, he is of course distinctly referring to the votaries of Diana;and when the ladies and gentlemen swear they swear by pagan deities, although the namesthey give them are Roman. But Puck and Bottom—nay, even tall Helena and proud Titania—each is quite enough to overweigh the Greek element in the play. Still, if it must beproduced with classic accessories, we should do well to be true to the little there is of classicreference. Thus, although Theseus, in the heroic character we have of him, may be a myth,still the connection of his name with that of fair Helen of Troy brings the man within therange of archaeology. And thus we should be led to place his union with Hippolyta only afew years before the siege of Troy. R&gt;r although the story of the Trojan war was not longago regarded by every scholar as fabulous, with no more foundation at the furthest thanthat which might be derived from the settlement of the Greeks on the north-west coast ofAsia, now—if we accept as genuine the excavations and discoveries made by Dr. Schliemann—we cannot but have some hesitation before we venture to draw a hard and fast line betweenthe fact and the fiction of the legend, if then the play of A Midsummer Night's Dreammust needs be acted, and if it must needs be classically clothed—and there are many reasonsagainst both ifs—the architecture, costume, and accessories may very well be the same asthose in the play of Troilus and Cressida. One thing is or ought to be, quite clear, andthat is, that the Acropolis of Athens, as we know it, with its Parthenon, Erectheium, andPropvlae, has just about as much relation to the Greeks of the time of Ulysses or Theusesas the Reform Club has to King John. We have, indeed, to travel back, not merely beyondthe time of the Parthenon (438-420 B.C.), or beyond that of its predecessor (650 B.C.), butbeyond the days of Hesiod and Homer (900 B.C.), past the Dorian conquest of the Achaiansin Peloponn&amp;sos, and so higher up the stream of time until we reach the early period of the Pelasgic civilisation. The siege of Troy has been calculated by some to have happenedB.C. 1194=1184; by others it has been placed as far back as fifteen centuries; that is to say,before the foundation of Nineveh, and during the Egyptian rule in Assyria. The uncertaintythus shown leaves us free to choose between four dates. 1. The time of the author of theplay (1600 A.D.). 2, The time of the author of the story (900 B.C.). 3- The dateassigned by one group of antiquaries to the events recorded in the story (1184 B.C.). 4. Thedate assigned by some classical scholars as about the period of the siege of Troy (1500 B.C.).As the difference between the latest date suggested for the real siege and the acceptedapproximate date of Homer's story of it is less than three centuries, as the poet may possiblyhave incorporated into his work much that in his day was received as genuine tradition, asboth in Homer and Hesiod we have the most detailed descriptions to guide us, and as it maybe possible to reconcile much, if not most of Dr. Schliemann's genuine discoveries with thedescriptions, I would accept the period, 1184=900 B.C., in preference to any later or earliertime as that wherein to seek the architecture and costume of the two plays above mentioned.A Room in the Palace of Theseus is the only architectural scene in a Midsummer Night'sDream, and for the character of this interior we must turn to Assyria and Persepolis, to thedescriptions of Solomon's Temple and house of the Forest of Lebanon (B.C. 1005), and thefragments of Mycense and other Pelasgic towns. (See Layard's " Nineveh " and Texier's" Asia Minor"). &gt;6?&amp; In Troilus and Cressida we have in the text twenty-five Scenes, of which five arearchitectural. These are1. Before Priam's palace.2. A room in the same.3. A street in Troy.4. A court before the house of Pandarus*5. A room in the same.In the background of many of the scenes outside the town might loom the " embattledwalls, " the " lofty towers, " and the Scaean gate of world-famed Ilium, only it may be aswell to bear in mind that what an inhabitant of London, or Paris, or Carcassonne in thefourteenth century thought of embattled walls and lofty towers was a very different sortof thing from what a Greek understood by these words, for the word topats simply meanta strong walled building; and thus the pylons of an Egyptian temple and the wings of thePropylsea at Athens were equally towers in the Greek sense. The bas-reliefs fromSennacherib's palace at Koyunjik (B. C. 700) tell us something about embattled walls andgates. The walls might be built in regular coursed work, as at Mycenae, or of polygonalmasonry, like the street paving discovered on the hill of Hissarlik. Shakspere, like Homer,does not fail to tell us that one tower was higher than the others (Act I. Sc. 2), but beyondthis he says nothing that would illustrate the work classically or mediaevally. The dramatist,however, marks distinctly the separation between the town of Troy and Ilium—in otherwords, between the town and the palace of Priam or the Acropolis, the citadel or stronghold,or Pergamus, wherein stood not only the King's house, but the temple and the store houses,and where also the eastern tower stood, from which the battle-field was overlooked byHecuba and Helen. The exaggerations that invariably accumulate round the nucleus of factin all stories of heroic deeds must be allowed for when we come to estimate the evidenceas to the siaie and arrangement of Troy. If the city really stood on the hill of Hissarlik, andDr. Schliemann be right in his conclusions (1) then the city was no larger than many mediaevalfortresses with which we are familiar. If, on the other hand, the works exhumed on Hissarlikrepresent only the extent of the citadel or Pergamus of Troy, then the boundaries of the cityitself may be extended on one side (the south) of it, like an Assyrian city, to almost any distancecompatible with the probabilities of the case. So, then, for Priam's house we have to choosebetween a palace not much better than a pele or border tower, capable of accommodatingabout twenty people at the utmost, and one arranged after the plan of those at Nimroud(B.C. 900), Khorsabad, or Koyunjik. If it be the first, then Homer's language is high falutingfrom beginning to end; but if the last be the right view to take of it, then the poet'sdescriptions may very fairly be examined in any endeavour we may make to realise thearchitecture of Troy for the scenic purposes of the play of Troilus and Cressida.^ In the sixth book of the " Iliad " we are told that Priam's stately courts were raisedon columns of stupendous frame, that—O' er these a range of marble structure runsThe rich pavilions of his fifty sons,and that opposite to the sons' lodgings were those devoted to the daughters and theirhusbands. In the " Odyssey " one of the palaces has a high hall with walls of flamingbrass, a blue cornice, doors framed of gold set with silver pilasters and lintel; each sidethe doorway is a dog wrought in silver and gold, and from the threshold skirting the wallsare thrones or couches reaching—in lustrous long array,On to the far room, where the women met,With many a rich robe strewn and woven coverlet.This hall, whose roof=tree is supported on pillars, is lighted for the night feasts by torchesplaced in the outstretched hands of golden figures of youths raised on pedestals. And inthe corridor also are seats or couches against the walls on which beds are made up forthe stranger and the guest. Coming to details, we find that the doors are made folding,like the Japanese doors of the present day, and that they are fastened by bolts passingthrough silver rings. Bronze and ivory are combined with the metals already mentionedin the decoration of the pillars and walls, against which hang various armour and musicalinstruments. There is, too, one kind of ornament which is constantly recurring, for weread of silver and gold studding as a very common mode of decoration applied somewhatindiscriminately to costume as well as to furniture and buildings. The stairs leading to theupper chambers appear generally to start from near the entrance to the hall, and in thelarger palaces it would seem that the buildings were arranged in separate blocks round acommon quadrangle or court.&amp; The house of Pandarus would have the usual arrangement of outer court, vestibule,pillared hall, and stairs leading to the private apartments above. &amp;A street in Troy would possess many of these houses more or less capacious, someseparated from one another by orchards and gardens, and some doubtless jostled by manyrough«built tenements of a different class of inhabitants—assuming, that is, that Troy meantsomething more than the walled enclosure on the hill of Hissarlik mapped out for us inDr. Schliemann's book. For the mise en scene of the drama before us I am disposed toaccept the grander view, and to take Homer's colouring of things as tolerably literal, afterallowing for poetical license.costume of Greeks and Trojans in that wide=margined period of time that I selectedfor the action of Troilus and Cressida, i.e., 1184=900 B.C., is by no meansready to our hands. We cannot refer as we did for the Merchant of Venice and otherplays, where the period of the action was taken to be in the author's own time, to illustratedguide books of unquestionable authority, like Vecellio, following which it was impossible togo wrong unless by malice aforethought or the crassest ignorance. Nor can we refer, as Idid for Cymbeline, to collections of armour, &amp;c., such as that interesting Keltic groupwhich exists in the British Museum. The earliest Greek vases in the British Museum andthe pinax or plate (No. 16 Table, Case B), crude and early as they may be, are yet too latefor us by four or five centuries. There may have been, there probably was, far lesschangeableness in the fashions of building, dress, furniture, ornaments, and implements inthose heroic days than in any subsequent period. Three or four centuries, two thousandthree hundred years ago, witnessed, I have little doubt, less change in costume than didany score of years in the Middle Ages. Still, we must not think, I imagine, as is too oftensupposed from the way in which Greek things are usually spoken of, that Hellenic art sprunginto being fully grown and completely equipped like the blue«eyed maid, Pallas Athene.Styles of art, whether in the shape of architecture or costume, sculpture or painting, oranything else, have always been a=growing, passing through the usual process of all growth-Development, Fulness, Decline. At certain periods of the world's history, and in certaincountries, this growth was exceedingly slow, in others exceedingly fast. In the Englishhistorical plays we had to do with the fast. We have now to deal with the slow. Therefore,although the earliest figure=painted vessels in the First Vase-Room of the Museum may nottake us further back than 500 years before Christ, and the sculptures from the Temple at may lead us certainly to no earlier period, yet by taking these as our point dedepa.it, and so going up the stream of time until we reach the north-west palace at Nimroud,c. 900 B.C., we may, by the collateral assistance of Homer and Hesiod, together with suchevidence as may be derived from Keltic remains, be enabled to arrive at something like apossible, if not probable, conclusion as to the costume of Achaeans and Trojans in the Heroicdays. Nor must we forget the influence of the Phoenicians or Canaanites through the artmanufactures of their great trading cities, Tyre and Sidon, when Hiram was King of Tyre(1,000 B.C.). &amp;And now let us first of all turn to Hesiod and Homer. From these we gather, to begin with,such a wealth of mere material that, quite apart from art, indicates no mean degree ofcivilisation. Among these we find mention made of gems, gold, silver, brass, tin, steel, iron,electrum (" Odyssey "), ivory, fine linen, costly furs, skins, carpets, soft wool, horsehair, andcostly scents. The art processes employed were studding, repousse work (1), chasing,embroidery, and weaving. If a richly wrought silver urn or goblet was wanted, it wassought in the workshop of some Sidonian artist; if the fine products of the loom had to bemade all glorious with needlework, it was to the subtle fingers of Sidonian maids they wereentrusted; and if a lovely colour was desired, it was to Tyre the home manufacturer wasindebted for its dye. And here we cannot fail to be reminded of a singer who was possiblya contemporary of Homer's, or at any rate of his father's: — "All thy garments smell ofmyrrh, and aloes, and cassia, out of the ivory palaces whereby they have made thee glad....Upon thy right hand did stand the Queen in gold of ophir.... And the daughter of Tyre shallbe there with a gift.... The King's daughter is all glorious within; her clothing is of wroughtgold. She shall be brought unto the King in raiment of needlework ". Of colours a naturalyellowish or toned white (milk white and not snow white) was the most usual for ali woollengarments; the fine linen vests were also mostly white: red, purple, and various yellowsranging from pale saffron to a green-gold were likewise used, but purple includes blue(violet-blue) as well as the royal colour, or purple proper, where the red takes its fullshare of partnership, and red means a scarlet, or brilliant crimson rather than vermilion:\—" My lips are like a thread of scarlet" shows by the natural simile the quality of the" scarlet" here intended by Solomon. As to the several articles of dress, the " Iliad "supplies us with minute particulars, and from these we learn that the full armour, whichwas mostly made of brass, consisted of: —1, the helmet; 2, the thorax or cuirasse over alinen vest; 3, the cuissots or thigh pieces, and 4, the greaves: no mention is anywhere madeof the leather, felt or metal straps which we find depending from the lower edge of thecuirasse in the armed figures on vases of a much later period. Of belts we have three kinds,the zone or waist belt, the sword belt, and the shield belt. Besides the sword and shieldwe have the spear, the bow, and the iron-studded mace, which last is very suggestive ofthe morning-star or holy water-sprinkler of mediaeval armouries. The men wore the hairlong, and their skin was brown. The costume of the fair sex seems to have depended forits effect not so much on quantity as on quality, and more than anything else on theproportion, articulation, and undulation of the splendour of human form. The chiton ortunic, the broad zone, the diplax, pallium, or mantle sweeping the ground, the peplos orveil, the sandals, and the head dress formed a complete toilette, Among their personalornaments were ear-rings, diadems or frontals, chains, brooches, and necklaces. £?And now turn to the actors in this drama. Taking the Greeks first, we have Achillespresented to us as golden-haired; his sceptre is starred with gold studs; his greaves are ofductile tin; his cuissots are of silver; his cuirasse of gold; his fourfold helm of sculptured(repousse) brass with a golden crest of horsehair gilded; his shield of gold, silver, brass,and tin divided by concentric rings, each divided into four compartments; his sword is ofbronze starred with gems; and his baldrick is embroidered in various colours. Agamemnonwears, when unarmed, a fine linen vest, a purple mantle, embroidered sandals, and a lion'sskin at night over his shoulders. When armed he wears a four-fold helm with horsehairplume; greaves with silver buckles; a wonderful cuirasse composed of ten rows of azuresteel, twenty of tin, and twelve of gold, with three dragons rising to the neck; a baldrickradiant with embroidery; a sword with gold hilt, silver sheath, and gold hangers; a broadbelt with silver plates; and a shield of ten concentric bands or zones of brass, with twenty bosses and a Gorgon in the midst. Menelaus wears a leopard's skin at night. Old Nestor'smantle is of warm, soft wool, doubly lined; his shield is of gold, and he wears a scarf ofdivers colours. Diomed's armour is of ordinary brass or bronze, until he exchanges it forthe gold-inlaid equipments of Glaucus. Ajax is clothed in steel, and carries a terrific macecrowned with studs of iron, whilst Patroclus wears brass, silver buckled, a flaming cuirasseof a thousand dyes, a sword studded with gold, and a sword-belt like a starry zone. Onthe Trojan side we see Hektor with a shield teaching from neck to ankle; a plume orcrest of white and black horsehair (i); a brass cuirasse and spears about sixteen feet long.Paris, in curling golden tresses, comes before us in gilded armour, buckled with silverbuckles; his thigh-pieces are wrought with flowers; his helmet is fastened by a strap oftough bull-hide; a leopard's skin he wears as a cloak, and his bow hangs across his shoulders.Of the fair Helen Homer says but little; he infers that her fairness bewitched everyonewho saw her, the old white-headed men sitting in the gate, as well as the middleagedand the young. We see her at her tapestry, wherein with golden thread she is picturingthe strife of war and bitter passion which has been roused by her unbounded beauty andher fatal frailty. We see her pass out of the palace, attended by her two handmaidens,her face and arms covered by a thin white peplos, her soft, white chiton tucked up throughthe gold zone beneath her swelling bosom, and her embroidered diplax fastened with claspsof gold, whilst both peplos and diplax fall in multitudinous folds until they lose themselvesin a train of rippling waves. The picture of Andromache in the twenty-second book showsus the noble wife far in the close recesses of her house withdrawn, weaving a weball purple, double woof,With varied flowers in rich embroidery;and mindful of the father of her children, she is giving orders to the servants to preparefor his return. But Hektor was dead, and when she learnt this, Backward she fell, and gasped her spirit away,Far off were flung th'adornments of her head —The net, the fillet, and the woven bands;The nuptial veil by golden Venus given,upon her bridal day.Such, then, is the evidence we gather from Homer as to the costume of Troilus and Cressida;Hesiod, in so far as he refers to costume, supports it. Now, therefore, let us examine thetestimony offered by the arts of painting and sculpture. We will begin with the shield.There can be no manner of doubt that the shield, as described by the poets just mentioned,was of far greater diameter than any we see modelled in the /Egina sculptures, or paintedon plate or vase. These are scarcely more than thirty inches in diameter, or six inchesmore than the largest Keltic shield, but the Homeric shield must have had a diameter nearlyif not quite double this unless our Classic heroes were very short men. Where, then, shallwe most easily find a genuine illustration of this gigantic kind of shield? This question,thanks to the labours of Mr Layard, is readily answered, for on a slab from the Palace atKoyunjik (c. 700 B.C.), now preserved in the Lower Assyrian Room in Great Russell Street,is sculptured in low-relief a row of shields of the exact Homeric dimension — i.e. reachingfrom neck to ankle, and fully illustrating the convex form, the outer rim, and the centralboss. Most of these large shields were doubtless made of bull's hides, and only coated withmetal plates. This method of construction, i.e. overlaying a leather foundation with thinmetal, was probably also adopted in the manufacture of the earlier helmets. Among earlyprotections for the head occur hats or helmets, which appear to have been made of skin,leather, or felt. On a black obelisk in the British Museum, dated S50 B.C., we see on theattendants a conical cap evidently of soft material, the point falling back, and the marginturned up like a band; in other words, a Phrygian cap wrong side on. So also the skull- cap form seen in the early Etruskan, Macedonian, and Cyprian helmets, and the peculiarhorned shapes seen in our Keltic collection, at Falaise, and in the early representations ofHerakles are very suggestive of a skin or leather prototype. But the dramatis petsonsein Troilus and Cressida must have something more than this. Both Greek and Trojan musthave " bronze bound peaked helms " and lofty crests, with nodding plumes of horsehair.Now in Table Case B, in the First Vase-Room of the Museum is a plate or pinax (No. 19) on which is represented a combat between Menelaos and Hektor over the body of Euphorbos.The date of the work is probably four or even five centuries too late for us, and I onlymention it to call attention to the form of the crest, which is nothing more than the curlingpoint of the Phrygian cap slightly raised and translated into metal, and to the curved backof which the horsehair is fastened. Now with an accurate drawing of this Greek helmet inour hands, let us go down again to the Koyunjik slabs, where we found the shields, andwe can see in the helmets of the Assyrian warriors precisely the same arrangement. It istrue that there is nothing in the sculptures of the Nineveh Palace indicating any guard ordefence for the face, but there are ear=pieces—in some instances they are small, in otherslarge; in some homogeneous, in others attached, as in the Keltic example illustrated in theArchseolegischen Analectem These crested helms are always or nearly so;for the early conical or peaked helm is crestless, although supplied with the ear guards,so necessary to a smooth cIose=fitting casque. Another marked distinction between thedrawing on the Greek pinax and the carving on the Assyrian slab is wholly in favour ofthe latter as an illustration of Homer. In the Greek example the hair is worn short, andthe neck is protected by projecting wings or curtains forming part of the helm—anarrangement familiar to us in the form of the 15th century salade, but on the slab the hairis shown thick, long, and curly, as the natural defence for the neck and as worn by theHomeric heroes. &amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;?The usual surface decoration of the helm appears to have consisted of one or more concentricbands with semicircular frontals. These borders once created, we can quite understandthat the Sidonian artists skilful to work in gold and in silver, in brass and in iron, and tograve any manner of graving, would not be slow to avail themselves of the field thus offeredfor the exercise of their art. The Homeric cuirasse is always more or less flaming, i.e.,shimmering with light and colour—colour partly in itself and partly reflected. Agamemnon'scoat, as we have already seen, contains forty=two rows of three different metals, that ofPatroclus flames with a thousand dyes, that of Achilles outshines the fire, and so on. I canhardly imagine that such descriptions as these can refer to any other style of cuirasse thanthat formed by bands, scales, or plates of metal (some, perhaps, enamelled) fastened to aleather or skin foundation, something, that is to say, between the flexible horn cuirasse orcoat of mail and the metal plate armour that was moulded to fit every muscle of the body.This kind of cuirasse would be supported by shou!der=straps or braces, fastened to thebreast and back pieces by studs, or tied with strips of hide. It was probably Agamemnon'sleathern braces that were decorated with the crawling dragons or griffins. That this leathernjerkin, if i may be allowed the unclasslcal expression, descended lower than the abdomenis not likely, otherwise there would have been no need for the cuissots or thigh plates.Nor does it seem that it could have been as short as the later form of lorica or thorax, forif so there was no need for the broad waist=belt or zone. Now if we suppose that thecuirasse was in two pieces, one for the front and one for the back, it follows that withoutthe zone the sides would be exposed, thus the waist=&gt;belt becomes a very important feature,and we can readily understand how the word would be used in the sense of to armone's-self. The cuissots were buckled behind the thighs, and the greaves were sometimesfastened in the same manner, although the natural spring of the metal (when they wereformed of metal only) would be sufficient to hold them in place. &amp; &amp;For the women's armlets, bracelets, necklaces, and earrings (1); for the woven patterns,and the embroidered borders of the square mantle and the chiton, we cannot be far wrongif we seek in the sculptures of the reign of Assur»nazir=«pal (c. B.C. 880). Necklaces of beadsand of numerous small pendants might be used, if preferred, instead of the bolder medallionnecklace. The twisted snake-like form as well as the single medallion may be used forbracelets. The hair was rolled up and confined within a caul or net, made of coloured orgold thread, and a fillet not unusually of thin fine gold bound the base of the net. Thisfillet, in the cases of very important ladies, might expand into a frontal or diadem of thingold, bent round the forehead from ear to ear and decorated with very delicate repousse work.&amp; Of the furniture for this play the Ninevite sculptures supply sufficient material, if takenin conjunction with the poet's language, to enable an intelligent stage director to furnishthe interior scenes, if not with accuracy, at least without any display of inconsistency. &lt;£? Six GreekPlays . &amp; A Mi els u minerNight's Dream. The Greekelement out- weighed. The choice ofthe d ate. &lt;£? T r o i 1 u s &amp;Cressida ♦ The cityof T 1 oy . The 'Odyssey' A Street in Troy The Gre e k &amp;Trojan costume. II c s i o d AcHomer . The Armour. The w omen' &amp;dress . &amp; Aehi1 1 e s * Ag a m e mil on * H c h i o r . jz? Paris, Helen, &amp; Andromache, The Shields, The Helmets, Decoration ofthe helm . The cuirasse. The women'sadornments. (I) See Architect, April 17, 1875). (1) The Perseus in the shield of Hercules is poetical repousse. (i) On many vases we find crests partl-coloured. (1) Hera's earrings have three drops, formed like mulberries. A NOTE ON AN OLD ENGRAVING by Allen Carrie. J have just come across this charming Italian wood engraving, and because I believe it willbe of great interest to the modern stage director, and will appeal to his passion forcorrect detail, I hasten to bring it before him. It is made for the modern stage director.The artist evidently knew the modern stage director was coming. Of course it is utterlyincomplete in execution, this wood cut: technique has not been the designer's aim: realisticdetail, that is what has absorbed him, and curiously enough just the very detail by whichthe stage director knows his public is charmed. &lt;£?&amp; Here is the real horse tethered to the real wall: the real dog and the real pigeon andthe real pigeon house, just as described by Miss Ellen Terry in her Memoirs, where shealludes to one of Charles Reade's productions.&amp; 1 think that it never yet occurred to any stage manager to ha&gt;e real bees; yet of whatvalue would be the presence of the man and the woman, of the horse and the dog and theold lady spinning in this design without the bees? Therefore what would a productionin which are a man and a woman, a horse, a dog and an old lady spinning be withoutthis additional detail of bees? What an opportunity for realism, for accuracy I Think whatpossibilities it opens up! Think of the laughs to be extracted from a bee. If in aShakespearean play the leading man were continually being stung on the nose by a bee,how it would punctuate the poetry! And really, when you come to think of it, what is thereagainst Malvolio being chased by bees? I suppose bees were of the period? I am not sosure that a modern stage manager would not be justified in going so far as to announceon the posters, Tonight: Shakespeare's " Twelfth Night, or the Pigeons and the Bees " &amp; por my part I cannot understand those people who object to stage directions being writtenby the dramatist. Mr Bernard Shaw's stage directions, rather than being too profuse,are not profuse enough. He beats about the bush: he does not really close with thedifficulty at all. Some day some one will improve upon Mr Bernard Shaw in this respect,and then we may hope for really complete directions such as the following. &amp;" The bees are now heard buzzing about the hive. It seems for one moment as" if the queen bee were dead, but the next moment the air is cleared of all apprehension" and becomes thick with bees. They circle twice around the forest and alight upon"an ash tree which may be discerned three miles distant. Care should be taken by the" manipulator to distinguish between the working bees and the drones (i).« At the same instant the pigeons should leave the loft which is on the right hand side" of the stage, the reflection of which must be just visible in the pool of water which covers" the front of the stage. The pigeons must be seen in the mirror of the pool flying towardsthe east, they themselves being invisible (2)." The sound of a horse pawing the ground must now be heard, but the noise is quickly" drowned by the crowing of a cock. As imitations of the crowing of a cock proceed at times" from the audience, the manager must be very careful to procure a genuine cock so that" there shall be no doubt as to the authenticity of the crowing (3). A butterfly should" here flit across the stage (4). Mary is then seen coming out of the house on the left. The" first few words she utters denote her temperament. " Lamb for dinner, lamb for breakfast," Iamb for lunch. " It must be at once evident that she is a pronounced vegetarian and a" suffragette.&amp; Truly, the study of the stage is a very pleasant one for the playwright of today, andthe more so that, with the happy liberty allowed him by Realism, he is without difficultyenabled to offer us so many different sensations. Correct detail. The Bees • Some stagedirections. (1) Vide Andrew Knight on " Cause of variation in Bees(2) For the behaviour of Pigeons vide Darwin, " Origin of Species " and Dr Gould on " Distribution of the generaof Birds(3) For the conduct of a cock vide Captain Harraden's treatise on " Cocks that crow in the Night ".(+) See Mr Bates' Treatise on " Mimetic Butterflies. BEAUTY IN ART - FRIEDRICH NIETZSCHE From the translation of Johanna Volz. see with new eyes.—Suppose that the term " beauty in art " always implied theimitation of all that is happy—and this I consider the truth—corresponding to the idea which an age, a people, a great self-constitutive individual form of him who is happy: whatthen does the so°called realism of the present artists disclose with regard to the happinessof our age? It is doubtless its style of beauty which we, in our days, understand andenjoy best of all. We are consequently led to believe that our present, peculiar, happinessis based on the real, on most acute senses and the true conception of the real; hence noton reality, but on the knowledge of reality. The influence of science has already gainedso much in depth and extent, that the artists of our century have quite unconsciouslybecome the glorifiers of the scientific felicities per se. SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS. by Gordon Craig. GIULIO PIRHO n a little book which I published in 1905 I ventured to agreewith those who hold the opinion that Shakespeare's playswere written for the reader and not for the stage. It seemsmany hold this opinion. Yet it was a satisfaction to me tocome later across the following and other sentences inGoethe's writings. &amp; &amp;sg? 44 Shakespeare belongs by rights to the history of poetry;44 in the history of the theatre he only appears casually "44 Shakespeare's whole method of proceeding is one which44 encounters a certain amount of impracticability upon the44 actual stage ". &amp; jg? &amp; &amp; &amp;44 The very contractedness of the stage forces him tocircumscribe himself." £? Goethe comes to this conclusion, not at the beginning of his life but at the end of it,after his experience in the theatre has shown him that literature and the stage are, and mustbe, independent one of the other. I still remain of the same opinion that Shakespeare'splays are not for representation, more expecially because I am myself now working on severalShakespearean representations and therefore have occasion for passing in review the manydifferent 44 editions " as they are called, of Shakespeare, especially the stage editions,and 1 am struck by one fact, and it is this: that the people who hold that Shakespeare wasa master of theatrical art cut away from these plays lines, passages, nay, whole scenes.....these words, passages and scenes which, they say, were written for the stage. &amp;&amp;To say a thing is perfect and then to mutilate it is most peculiar. If a manager wishesto cut a play saying that it will be better understood by the public if he does so, it ispermissable provided he does not at the same time say that Shakespeare was a perfect masterof dramatic art. Drama is for the people if ever an art was for the people, and if Shakespearehas not made himself clear to the people of all time, the actor manager is not going toimprove matters by cutting out large portions of the text.In 44 Hamlet " it is usual for that long passage commencing 44 Now all occasions doinform against me 44 to be removed by the manager, who says that it does not 44 help theplay." Now this is a most extraordinary state of affairs, that managers should bepermitted to say what does or does not44 help the plays "of Shakespeare, after Shakespearehas himself decided. Other passages in the play are removed because the managers hold thatthey are indelicate or they hold that the audience would consider them indelicate. Cut thepassage between Ophelia and Hamlet in Act III Scene 2 when he is lying at her feet andyou rob the character of Hamlet of very much of its force. Ophelia instead of being awoman of intelligence, becomes an early Victorian debutante, and Hamlet, instead of being aman of his time and suggesting a period which was more than a period of manners,becomes a land of preaching curate. &amp; &amp;Of course the Censor would object to this and other passages in Shakespeare and hewould be perfectly right, for the plays were not written for the stage; they were writtento be read. If you wish to act them act them in their entirety or do not act them at all (i).It is as ridiculous to say that the omission of a small passage is not going to harm such awork as to say that the omission of so small a portion of the body as the eye does notinjure the whole.This liberty with great plays is no sign of civilization; it is barbarous in the extreme.Another argument advanced for acting in this way is that the performance must not lastlonger than a certain time. Time has nothing to do with a performance. If it is good wedo not mind how long it takes: if it is bad it must be cut short, and therefore to advocatea short time is to imply a fear on the part of the manager that the play is going to bebadly represented. Can one have too much of a good thing ? Then, too, it is quite possible(1) " .... I am very glad to find that I can endorse Tieck's opinion when he shows himself to be a zealous upholder44 of the unity, indivisibility, and unassailableness of Shakespeare's plays, and insists on their being performed in their44 entirety and without revision or modification of any kind. " Goethe. to perform a play of Shakespeare in it entirety in an evening provided the appliance forshifting the scenery is not so absurdly elaborate that it takes twenty minutes to changeeach, act and provided that the actors do not pause too long over each syllable but exercisetheir brains to think a trifle faster. It is this slow delivery of Shakespeare's lines whichhas made Shakespeare a bore to so many people. Here in the plays of Shakespeare wehave passionate scenes of an amazing description, far more amazing than in the plays ofthe south, and yet we drawl them and crawl them and are surprised when a Grassocomes to England and shows us how we should speak, act and reveal the suddenness andmadness of passion. We seem to forget this fact, that passion is a kind of madness. Webring to it a logical attitude and we deliver it with the voice of the judge or themathemetician. It seems to have something to do with the totting up of accounts; thuswith us it is a shopman, not Othello, who is throttling Desdemona. The emotional actorsin England ought not to be content with themselves for not waking up and sweeping allthese too deliberate and stodgy actors off the stage and out of the theatresWould the plays of Shakespeare be then interpreted as they should be ? No, not eventhen. Not if the finest and most passionate actors in the world were to come togetherand attempt to perform Hamlet could the right representation of Hamlet be given, forto represent " Hamlet " rightly is an impossibility. j® &amp; *&amp; &amp; *Goethe . AnIncons is ten cy. H a m 1 e t . &amp; The Censor. The 44 Time1 i m i t }} &amp; Passion a kindof Madness. BOOK REVIEWS IMPRESSIONS OF HENRY IRVING,by Walter Herries Pollock. ILongmans,Green &amp; Co. Eondon &amp; &amp; &amp;Impressions of Henry Irving make upthe best book which has been writtenabout him since his death. The book has ashort well-written preface by Mr H. B. Irvingin which he states that his father had intendedto have written his Reminiscences, and headds, " No doubt that in these reminiscences44 Henry Irving would have given to those44 who came after him the fruits of his44 experience, the lessons learned, the ideas" formed in the course of a career of strenuous44 endeavour and singular achievement. "It appears that Henry Irving has not leftany written works from which we may studyexcept the small book which contains thelectures given at Oxford, Edinburgh, andother cities, so that any book which recordsconversations with Irving or which attemptsto bring portions of his performances beforeour eyes is very welcome to admirers of theactor.Mr Pollock's book contains very manysuggestive passages which help to remind usof those performances which we have seen. Bythe use of his well-chosen words he recallsto us very vividly the dusky brown stage ofthe theatre, the simple and unadorneddressing room: we hear again Irving's voiceand we see once more his action and expressionthrough Mr Pollock's art.Will those of the future generation be ableto see the same? We doubt this very much,and we doubt whether the description ofwhat an actor has done upon the stage andhow he did it is of any assistance whateverto actors of the future; and for this reason:...We come across the passage about Irving'sIago, in which the author speaks of theperformances of Othello and Iago, and as wehad never seen either of these performanceswe were very much interested in readingwhat he had to say. But we cannot seeIrving as Iago, we cannot picture him asOthello merely by reading this book, and wedo not believe that however faithful therecord might be that we should be able topicture him: therefore we should lose theessence of the thing. &amp; &amp;We are thus reminded of the worihlessnessof tradition in an art which has no fixedrules. We do not attack the idea of tradition in art: we only hold that in the record of anactor's style it is worthless.This does not, however, make Mr Pollock'sbook a whit less interesting, and to thosewho saw Irving it is very good to see himagain through the medium of these pages. BOOKS, JOURNALS AND MAGAZINESRECEIVED &amp; &amp; &amp;" Impressions of Henry Irving, by Walter HerriesPollock. " Longmans, Green &amp; Co. London. " 77ieBohemian Jinks. A Treatise by Porter Garnett. "Bohemian Club, San Francisco. ,, // Nuovo GiornaleIllustrato Florence. O/r ", London." Le Timoin ", Paris. " La Balance ", Moscow." Paris American ", Paris. " The Fra ", EastAurora. New York. " T/re Bibelot Portland, MaineU. S. A. " The Papyrus ", East Orange., New JerseyU. S. A. " Current Literature " New York. *£?" 77ie Studio ", London. " The New York DramaticMirror ", New York. " Ri vista di Roma ", Rome.&amp; " Argus Helslngfors. &amp; " Die SchaubuhneBerlin. " // Teatro Illustrato " Milan. FOREIGN NOTES M. P., London. following questions were recently put tocorrespondents of this journal in the largecentres of Europe.1. Does the work in the Theatres in yourcity show hasty conception and carelessperformance, or careful thought and slow andpainstaking execution?2. Is the Public contented with what itreceives in the Theatres, or, if there arethree or four sections of the Public, arethey divided on this point? &amp;&amp; We print below a reply from London.Replies from Holland and Warsaw willappear in the October number of " TheMask Asa whole the work, whether of individualor of mass, in the Theatres of Londondoes not show hasty conception and carelessperformance. As a whole it has appeared tome extremely deliberate in conception andcareful in performance, in word, conscien- tious. But the deliberation and the careappear to me to be expended mainly inpropagating the Conventional. This may looklike a plea for the unconventional. In a senseit is. But by a unconventional " I do not intendthe Unpleasant, whether of Suggestion or ofRealism. So many people, authors especially,seem to think that it is only possible to beunconventional by representing the unplea- sant, the ugly; and cannot see that Beautyitself is always unconventional. &amp;The London stage does not suffer much from"hasty conception and careless performance";nor even so much from conventionalism as from commercialism. An ideal theatre mightbe one owned by a millionaire who were alsoa man of artistic genius and a GreatPersonality; a millionaire who were also aWagner, able to conceive a drama (or comedy)to conceive the medium of its representationand to infuse his own personality into everyliving or inert portion of that chosen medium,whether living mimes and musicians or inertmaterial scenic accessories. But the Londontheatre is run as a rule by that most potentforce in modern life, .... Various Considera- tions! The man who owns a theatre here, ifhe means to run it himself (if wise he prefersto let it, cash deposit in advance) has to finda play, and the choice of this depends on....various considerations, chief of which perhapsis his own qualifications for judging, not whatis a good play, but what will please thePublic. Shall the play be by an author ofestablished reputation, by one who is esta- blishing a reputation, or by one who has ityet to make? Prices vary. The former wouldprobably be " a safe draw ", but the pricewill be high. The latter may be cheap, butthe unknown author is always "a gamble":ask Publishers! If the man who is runningthe theatre is also an actor-manager thereare other " various considerations ". fie has focourse to consider his own or his " backer's"finances. On that consideration depends tosome extent the cost of an auther, and onanother, not less important, depends thechoice of a play; for,as the actor-manager ishimself a " draw " it depends very largely onhis own " drawing " powers whether he shallpatronise the work of an unknown andinexpensive author, or join forces with anotherwell known name and have a play by a drama- tist of established fame. The casting of the playis in either case another consideration, as toquality of players, their suitability, their costand " drawing " power, if any.... as comparedwith the actor-manager: and it is essentialthat he shall be the central figure of the play.The expense and nature of the mounting isanother consideration; and there are a thou- sand and one others. How then could the workin the London theatres be said to be "hastyIn conception and careless in performance"!It would seem to be impossible to be hastyin any matter so hedged around by variousconsiderations: and as for carelessness inperformance, well, if there were any of that,presumably the actors would soon cease tobe engaged! It would seem so. The man whoas actor-manager is running a theatre inLondon for his own profit is to be sympathisedwith, for, like a man on a treadmill, he mustkeep going on, at any cost and in face ofany chance of failure. He has started out tocater for an uncertain public and mustproduce new plays and they must please (i).But the worst trouble is that if they are toplease they must be not too unlike what has already pleased. They must, though new,be still, as a rule, conventional. £?It is the same too with the actors. To achievea success in one type of character is almostto be doomed to the perpetual representationof such types, at least until the uncertainpublic turn to some new favourite. Then ifthe actor essay another role.... though possiblywith equal talent.... it is forthwith suggestedthat he had better stick to the parts he playsso well; which is acceptable advice only whilesuch parts continue to be written.So what with one thing and another,... andmaking due allowance for occasional flukes....all things seem to conspire to the propogationof conventionality, and the largest factor isprobably commercialism, the craze of all" artists " for publicity and large profits; butas in studying past records of the Drama,especially in the earlier half of last century,I have come across various other outcries onthe mortification of the British Drama, I haveno doubt that things might be worse, sincethe complaint is no wise new; and with thevastly greater number of theatres there arenow, the increasing competition, and theindifference of the public to most things thatshould rouse them from indifference, it isamazing that the standard of work in theLondon theatres is as good as it is.Certainly as a whole it might yet be higher.That it can hardly be called hasty in concepttion and careless in performance is fairlyobvious to any who know anything of thevarious considerations affecting the BritishDrama. But at times it does seem not so much" hasty " as hazy in conception, and mightoccasionally show yet greater care in perfor- mance. On the other hand so much care isexpended on a big production, say aShakespearean revival or some spectacularromantic play, that there is a tendency toover-elaboration of unnecessary detail, withthe result that the work is sometimes "fussy".Without necessarily requiring a return to" three boards, two trestles and a Passionone could wish to note a move towardssimplification of stage methods, and common- sense economy compatible with artistic aims.It is time, however, to deal with your secondquestion, regarding the Public.Really, the Public is so large and complex abody I should be sorry to think I could inany way be answerable for its opinion. Ifone could credit the current reports as to thebadness of the theatrical season it would seemeither that the public is not contented withwhat it receives in the theatre, or that somecounter attractions, can the Stadium of theFranco British Exhibition be one?.... are toopowerful. In the main the general public is,I think, quite content with what it receivesin the theatre, though perhaps we mightexcept the programme, for which the publiccontinues in most theatres to pay sixpencefor the pleasure of reading advertisements ofwhisky which is obtainable at an equally highprice, I understand, at most bars. But as far as the dramatic fare is concerned the publicappears to be content with what it receives,though my own opinion is it pays rather toohigh a price. For one thing the public nowadayswill take anything that is sufficientlyadvertised. But there is not only one public,or three or four sections, but a dozen or more,and several overlap. There is the public thatgoes to see Beerbohm Tree, another thatgoes to see Cyril Maude; another for LewisWaller, another for melodrama at the Lyceum;another for Opera; another for 44 MusicalComedy"; another for the Music Halls,....where, by the way, one still gets the bestvalue for one's money in sheer individualtalent; another for the amateur {and pro«fessional) entertainments provided on Sundayby Socialist clubs; oh! and another lor theworks of Mr George Bernard Shaw. Thepublic for this however, would seldom befound to overlap with that which goes to44 Musical Comedy ", though some of it mightbe found at a Shakespearean resuscitationby Mr Beerbohm Tree, or at a Music Hall.Though perhaps this is doubtful, for the44 Shavian " audience has quite its owncharacter; a somewhat vegetable one. ButI do not think the various sections of thepublic are divided on the point whether theyare 44 content with what they receive in thetheatres". They continue to go to them; ifthey were not content they would stay away;and this, in spite of the talk of a bad theatricalseason, I do not think they have done. It isin no spirit of bitterness I say: It is mainlya matter of advertisement. It was some timebefore the public began to accept Shaw; itwould be some time probably before theywould accept any new and unusual form ofwork. The advertisement may be cumulative,the effect of years, or it may be sudden andemphatic; but advertisement there must bebefore the public begin to appreciate 44 thenew thing ", whether good or otherwise. Thepublic seem for the most part rather to lackconfidence in their own judgment and torequire quiet but insistent assertion as to thevalue of any work of art. Indeed, were it not forthe often attacked but Iong=&gt;suffering Press,probably few workers in any sphere of artcould find as ready or as full a recognition here as the public give then. (i) There could easily be a happier state of things, butconsiderations of space preclude my discussing the remedynow. LONDON R.S. 71/J r Hall Caine and Mr Louis N. Parker, theamazing novelist and maker of pageants*on August 22nd preached the public a sermonat the Lyceum Theatre.- &amp; &amp;There should be some new laws made toprotect the Theatre from such unlicensedinvasion. The Censor should be given fullerpowers. The artists and the playgoers wantno sermons in the Theatres: they want Drama.There are plenty of other places better fittedfor sermons.The Daily Telegraph speaks of the play asbeing 44 an aid to the cause of socialreformation This in a preliminary article. Social reformation is a good thing in theright place. In the Theatre it is out of place.Mr Hall Caine and Mr Parker may really onlylook on their play as Drama pure and simpleand they may raise the " social reformation"cry merely for the sake of an advertisement.If they are really serious in their intentionof reforming Society through " Pete "at theLyceum Theatre they ought to be transported.To attempt to reform the public is a sign oflunacy. St is a sign of downright cruelty todesire to " reform " anything. &amp;We do not suspect Messrs Caine and Parkerof lunacy or cruelty: we believe they arewhat is called in England "Playing the game".Sportsmen Caine and Parker cover themselveswith both flannel and glory at the same time.Let us hope they may wing a bird or twoand make an impression on the wicket,... butGod save the public during the double event.Personally I should like to shoot Mr Caineand eke Mr Parker for this double=dyedvillainy and treachery to Art and to the Theatre. EDITORIAL NOTES J. S. nPhe announcement made in the Augustnumber of "The Mask" that Mr GordonCraig has been invited to four EuropeanCapitals to produce plays will not be atall welcome to that group of grumblersin England who find Mr Craig's workeverything that is eccentric and foolish.These grumblers belong to the class whowish to see the arts handled in the same wayas cheap journalism. &amp; &amp;We have for a long time past had our eyeupon the papers and have noted that thesesneers come from particular quarters. ThatMr Craig has not been long ago accepted inEngland and given a theatre of his own inwhich to work out to the benefit of thedramatic art in England his different ideasis in some way due to the croaking of theseignorant creatures. They have giventhe public an utterly wrong idea of the sonof Ellen Terry. Such critics are met with atall times and in all lands: they are a disgraceto the nation that is foolish enough to listento what they. have to say. Such men havealways attempted to kill off the poets, painters,musicians and other artists. Sometimes theyhave managed to kill the man, but his work has lived afterwards to prove them and theirignorant animosity unworthy of the countrywhich shelters them. But sometimes theycome across artists who have no intention ofbeing destroyed, or of letting their work bedestroyed, and it is then that they may besaid to meet just what they do not want tomeet, that is, their match. z® z®Their attitude is a very sly and clever one,but we think it is a little too sly for England.The attitude is that of the protector. Some- times these critics are women but as a rulethese writers come before the public in theguise of good strong healthy Englishmen whowant to protect their country from whatthey are pleased to call andunhealthy art" which makes your head acheand all the rest of it, and the men theychoose to attack are those who want to dothe most thorough work and have the workdone in the most thorough way: in fact, theyattack the most athletic workers. Thus yousee the critics praising up a weak and flabbyacademician and calling Augustus John'sdrawings and paintings " clever butunpleasant ". Thus you see such criticspraising some cheap and popular poet whoseverses are a disgrace to the intelligence ofEngland, yet attacking the work of a Meredithor a Swinburne; and this was only yesterday.This does England harm in many ways. Itdelays the arrival of the best things, itbenefits foreign countries that are preparedto profit and who do profit by them and itruns the risk of making the name of theEnglish critic the laughing stock of Europe.Aubrey Beardsley, whom this type off critic,without understanding calls immoral andeecentric, is studied by foreign critics andfound to be a genius, and after he has beenkilled is at last praised in unqualified termsfor his remarkable achievements. j®Patriotism and art are things which cannever be connected, but patriotism andfirst class work are closely allied, and forthe first class artists to be permitted to beinsulted by the tenth rate critics shows alack of patriotism on the part of the rulersof the Press, J® The younger artists whoseinfluence is beginning to be felt should beable to reckon on the support of the leadersof the Press, not because of their art butbecause of their first rate work. &amp; z®When you speak of a soldier it goes withoutsaying that he is a brave man. What you haveto write about is the athleticism shown by himin mind and body. It is precisely the samewith the artist. It is folly to write about theArt of the artist for without Art he is noartist. What may be written about is theathletic quality of his work; bearing in mindthat the athletics of the body and of the soulare two different things. This is not forgottenwhen speaking of the soldier. The arts ofwar are rather dangerous things to criticizethough we may be sure that those extraordinaryarts have never been written about in the rightspirit by any critic who was not a poet at the same time. Thus we have perhaps the onlytwo war critics in Homer and Walt Whitman.Such criticism is indeed criticism. It inspireswhile it describes, and even while itblames. But when the English critic,who is devoted to the arts of peace,commences to write he becomes ashamed ofhimself and of what he is writing and so hesneers at all that is beautiful in these artsof peace. He has been for so long accustomedto sneer with impunity that he looks uponthe artist as a poor worm that will never turnand this explains the quality of his criticism.Now these sneering critics should, for thesake of the standard of English journalism,and for the sake of the country, be severelytaken in hand by the leaders of the Press,by the masters who are in the privilegedposition of raising their profession or oflowering it.In the Daily Telegraph of August 19 MrRobert Ross makes an extraordinary attackupon Mr Redford, the Censor of plays and he calls the Law of England 'stupid*. &amp;The law of England is a very excellent lawand we do not think that those who protectus by formulating that law will be carriedaway by the momentary thirst of a sectionof the public for ugliness in the shape of theactualization of religious subjects on thestage of a theatre or the actualization ofpictures or sculpture.The Censor, Mr Redford, would really seemto possess an extraordinary sense of thelimits of art. He is held up to us as an assand a monster, and is positively a man in amillion, one who understands. He protectsus, and with a natural ingratitude we wishto do away with him. &amp;To be Censor of things Dramatic must be avery difficult position.We cannot understand how the burlesque ofMiss Allen's Salome with the comic head ofJohn the Baptist (horrible!) was everpermitted to get to the public. But then wecannot understand how Miss Allen herself wasever allowed on to the stage of the PalaceTheatre. &amp; Possibly Mr Redford wasdeceived about the whole matter, or possiblyhe only controls what is written. Anyhowit is quite unlikely Mr Redford will lethimself be deceived a second time. For, dear Miss Allen, there is the open air,the wonderful open air, in which to dance,and nature is one thing and art quite anotherthing. Your charming hands and feet wouldlend a grace to the lawns and gardens ofEngland and would not be out of place there:all would be natural; whereas on the stage...well, we have had Pantomime at Drury Lanefor years, and the limbs of the ladies havebecome quite a delightful convention.In Paris we believe the intelligence of womanhas devised the extremely chic idea of dancingentirely naked in front of artificial light. This,by the way is not Greek; it is Parisian, andit has amused even the Now why not dance naked upon the stage atthe Palace? Why not?.... Why? Nudity isnothing very extraordinary. It only becomes44 sensational " ....the sensation of Europe,when it is placed upon the stage and welloiled and painted by grease paint, lighted byelectric light or other artificial means andgazed at by an opera=glassed public who nomore know what 44 classic " means than theyknow that the Censor exists. But that Mr Robert Ross should want toremove the Censor,... the one man who willprotect us from an avalanche of artificialnudities and from a number of utterly horribleexhibitions of passions upon the stage,... thatMr Ross should wish to do this is very short®sighted. &amp;Mr Ross knows a group of earnest writerswho wish to be free to write whatever theyplease on any earthly subject. What is toprevent these writers writing? Oh, if youplease, they will only write if they can gettheir plays accepted at a theatre. JZ?So you see it is success and money they aimat, not the writing of a play. For anybody isat liberty to write what he likes. But whatMr Robert Ross in the enthusiasm of themoment forgets is the awful consequence ofthe Censor permitting one of these earnestwriters the liberty he asks. The consequencewould be that a thousand catch=penny writerswho have already got their plays written andare only waiting for the Censor to give in,would instantly flood England with these so®called 44religious" and 44 pyschological" playswhich would be sure to be acted in a waywhich would revolt the feelings of the bettersection of the public.The Censor is entirely right if he hold usharmful to the public the representation ofjealousy, ambition, hatred, meanness, envy,murder, torture, seduction, riot and all theother themes which would be seized upon ifthe dramatist had the opportunity. It doesnot matter whether the play have a goodending or a bad ending, whether a murderersucceeds or fails. Remember what Nietzschesays. &amp; &amp; &amp;44 Stage-morality. — He who believes that44 Shakespeare's stage has a moral effect and4&gt; that the sight of Macbeth irresistibly detracts44from evil ambition is mistaken. And he is aga=44 in mistaken if he believes that Shakespeare44 himself was of this opinion. Any man who is44 really possessed by mad ambition will watch44 this, his emblem, with delight; and the very44 fact that the hero perishes in his passion is44 the strongest charm in the hot cup of this4&lt; delight. &amp; &amp; &amp;And this of course is what every artist knows.It is what the preachers do not know. Thepeople are like savages. The writersand painters and actors who think likemissionaries believe they can tame thesavage thing by representing to it itsweaknesses. The artist knows that suchkind of treatment is tomfoolery. The artistknows that there is only one cure for the world.... if cure is needed, and that is theopen air treatment and the leaving well alonecure, and therefore they toil from morningto night to produce works of beauty.44 Beauty in art "as Nietzsche always impliedis the u imitation of all that is happy" and, headds, " this I consider the truth The Censorcannot go far wrong if he is as austere as aDante would have been, as a Leonardo daVinci or a Nietzsche.Behind all these men march the great masters,and if we are not to follow the great mastersthen we are to follow the two penny halfpennymasters. The Censor seems to be of theopinion that we should be guided by the greatmasters, and in this we agree with himentire y.Hjphere are those among our critics who tellus that our wish to restore beauty to thetheatre by restoring vitality to the theatreis an excellent thing but that the methodsemployed for bringing this about must berather more brutal and a little less remotethan those adopted by us. zz? &amp;So many clever critics have told us this,and we note that the critic of the BurlingtonMagazine, itself a very high toned paper, tellsus the same thing. &amp;We shall commence to be a little morebrutal in our methods very shortly andthereby hope to give entire satisfaction. Uptill now we have been content to state ourcase, to show the need for not merely ratherremote reforms but brutal revolution. Thatis to say, we have thought necessary to showto the best of our ability the entire weaknessat the roots of the art and the institution.&amp; The critic of the Burlington tells us thatit is not too late for the reform of the modernstage, and at the same time tells us to bemore brutal. &amp; JZ/Now reform is anything but brutal. It isprecisely the opposite of this. Reform is athing which must take a very long time tobring about and as we stated in our firstprospectus, we have no intention of attemptingsuch reform; thereby meaning that slowand gradual reform as the word isunderstood in England, is not to be thoughtof for a moment. Radical reform is anothermatter and we are entirely in agreementwith those who hold that radical reform is necessary. ALMANACK FORARCHITECTUREART S* CRAFTS&lt;?TECHN1CAL&gt;#floff SBSic*G] HI ElANEW C A TALOQ U ECONTAINING MORE THAN A HUNDREDPAGES OF TEXT, AND ALSO ILLUSTRA-TIONS IN BLACK AND WHITE AND INCOLOUR. * * * *Copies will be sent free onapplication to all Art - loversSCHUSTER &amp; BUFLEB. G. M. B. H.BERLIN W 30 # NOLLENDORFSTR. 31. 32* BOOKS ANCIENT AND MODERN * THE BUTTERFLYQUARTERLY IS A NEW PUBLICATION, CAREFULLYPRINTED FROM EXCELLENT TYPE,ON FINE TONED PAPER, 8xio in: INSIZE, THE EDITION BEING LIMITEDTO 500 NUMBERED COPIES. ITCONTAINS VERSES, TALES,TRANSLATIONS, REPRINTS,DRAWINGS, WOOD-CUTS, BOOK-PLATES, AND OTHER MATTERS OFBOOKISH INTEREST. £?YEARLY SUBSCRIPTIONDOLLARS 1.35 POST &amp;•S&gt;O£FICES^&gt;THE BUTTERFLY QUARTERLY1126 WALNUT STREETPHILADELPHIAU. S. A. The principal Artisticand Literary publica-tion of Scandinavia.Yearly subscriptionFrancs: B—M—MT Wl 'I'll " tmniMn^yOTrwrnHtwMOTKWmww uWahlstrom &amp; Widstrand, StockholmPUBLISHED MONTHLY &amp;mS *A\ '10+1&amp; V/&lt;£«•vyiifORB«g£s®HIStBILDcOCH THE PAPYRUSEdited by Michael Mo nah anA Magazine for the Magazine«WearyCHICAGO NEWS.—The Papyrus holds a uniqueplace among the magazines and is always stimu-lating and interesting. &amp; &amp; &amp;ERNEST McGAFFEY.—77fe Papyrus Is a stor-my petrel flying over an infinite sea of bosh. &amp;PUTNAM'S MONTHLY.—There is sun, wind andrain in Michael Monahan's whimsical fancies.Subscription One Dollar a Year25 cts: additional for foreign countriesTHE PAPYRUSEAST ORANGE, NEW JERSEY Every reader of the English language will beInterested in a Magazine that is doing the work ofThe Book News Monthlyan Illustrated magazine devoted to Literature andArt, published in Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A, at10 c. a copy, L. 1,00 a year. The purpose of THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY isto Save Time, to Interest, Instruct, and Guide theGeneral Reader. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Specimen copy sent free to any part of the worldAgents for Subscriptions in England: &amp;The International News Company.Address:&amp; THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY,Philadelphia, Pa., U. S. A. &amp; &amp; THE MOSHER BOOKS&amp; £&gt; MDCCCXCI-MCMVIII &amp; &amp; &amp;For a dozen years the most artistic volumes at their price that have been issued in Americahave been published, not from New York or Boston, nor even in Philadelphia or Chicagobut it Portland, Maine. In that little city Thomas B. Mosher has been printing, withoutflourish of trumpets or wide advertising, volume after volume which in artistic excellenceare not excelled by the issues of any publishing house in the world. Then, too, Mosher hasreprinted only the gems of literature that have been declared of the first water; gems thatare, beyond objection, jewels of the world's treasury of brilliant writing. We may alsoassert that the question of gain has been secondary in Mosher's calculations. He has putout very small editions, and he has made them so beautiful in all that concerns their make-up that it is doubtful if he has ever gauged the expenditure by the possible profit. Never-theless, he must have done so, but in doing so he excites our admiration. GUY CARLETON LEE in Baltimore Sun for Dec. 18, &amp; &amp; &amp;My new Catalogue — a remarkable piece of book-work in itself — explains this unusualcompliment, and is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks. You are not wearied by " a jollie good book " jingle and that sort of thing, butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut and-decidedly-dried anthology.THOMAS B. MOSHER jS/ PORTLAND. MAINE U. S. A. A PORTFOLIO OF ETCHINGS.By Gordon Craig &amp; with a preface.thirty portfolios will be issued, although ten or twenty additional copies of some ofme plates will be printed according to the condition of the plate. The plates will thenbe destroyed. Each portfolio will be numbered. Each set consists of twelve designs looselymounted on grey card and contained in a grey cloth box portfolio with fastenings. Eachplate is signed by the artist. &amp; Size of portfolio 48x30 ctms. Average size of plate.14 2/3 x15 2/3 ctms. The price for a portfolio will be L. 16 .o. o, (400 Francs or 320 Marks),nphese etchings were made by the artist in the Spring of 1907 at Florence, and representhis most serious work. Connected as they are with his dream of an Ideal Theatre, theyIn no way have anything in common with the modern stage." Movement", writes Mr Craig, " was at the roots of the Ancient Theatre and will ever" remain the very Essence of the Art. &amp;" We must translate Movement through the medium of inanimate forms and thereby produce" once more an Impersonal Art which shall take its place by the side of its two sister" Arts, Music and Architecture ". &amp; &amp; £?» C l,i 41 * C # V # v* ** C» * &amp;ORDER FORMTo The Publishers,The Editorial Office of " The Mask " 8, Borgo San Jacopo p. 2. Florence. Italy.Please send me the Portfolio of Etchings by Edward Gordon Craig, in payment for whichI enclose the sum of L. 16.0.0, (or 400 Francs or 320 Marks)SignedAddress, LIBRAIRIE ANCIENNET. DE MARINIS &amp; Co. 5 Via Vecchletti - FIRENZE0taIna.wtr*/1l|U»rutrllfilJjUUkJcnz»//*«• aILA.• •Cl55• It IaitIt!II *yunfesLSuLJin*3/ULUJlU«irMil00&lt;• ••SS5S5¥□ 071ill!MM501nanDOhiinin*iiliIIIM» 0L«»i□ li(II&lt;2II11-tU?IIH2JJj-i0 op'u• MM111H»!•••—' vuvu-IATin •«»■~~&lt;Tru w—tnyii»« I /rW• ••••jPine Collection of MSS.f Incunabula, raie and curious books XV-X1X cent.Illustrated Catalogues free on application. THE SOCIETY OF FOURa.dcHAVE PURCHASED ONEOR TWO BEAUTIFULWORKS OF ART OFTHE LATE QUATTROCEN-TO AND EARLY SEICENTOCOMMUNICATIONS FROMTHOSE DESIROUS OF PURCHA-SING SHOULD BE ADDRESSEDTO THE " SOCIETY OF FOUR" ATTHE ADVERTISING OFFICESOF "THE MASK BORGO SANJACOPO, 8. FLORENC (ITALY) ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES £&gt;The largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works, Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats,Vases &amp; Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 /z?(ESTABLISHED i860) £&gt;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONS DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSignaVia dei Fossi N. x - FLORENCE♦ Heproduetion of sculptures of Old andJUodern masters ** Statues ** Busts MVases M Bas-reliefs ** Fountains M DoorsChimney-pieces •* Bases etc. ete. Inevery style J&amp; J&amp; Die SchaubiihneA weekly Theatrical Jour-nal Edited by SiegfriedJacobsohn.Verlag Oesterheld &amp; Co.Lietzenburgerstrasse 60 Berlin W. 15.Single copy . . M. pf. 30Quarterly . . . „ 3. „ 50Yearly . . . . „ 12. „ 00 NEW YORK DRAMATICMIRRORThe oldest and most reliable Americantheatrical paper, published every weekat 121 West 42nd Street. New York, U.S.A.Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 50 Dollarsone year; 1.70 Dollars three months. PhilosophicalLending Library5000 volumes on Philosophy, ReligionyMysticismf Occultism, ecc. Englishphilosophical Books &amp; Reviews. Rea-ding and lecture room, lectures everySunday free for subscribers &amp; Sub-scription terms very moderate. Pro-spectus and catalogue on application.PIAZZA DONATELLO 5 - Tel. 15=30- --- -