The mask 14 1 January-February-March 1928 naau_1928-01_01 The mask 14 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 SHAKESPEARE, OUR DUMMY, THE 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 THE ROYAL CIRCUS, LONDON, AS REBUILT BY GAB AN ELL JUNR IN 1806 AND RENAMED THE SURREY THEATRE. Destroyed by Fire. January 30th 1865. Rebuilt and opened December 26th of the same year. Plate 1. Illustration 3 FOREWORD J. S cre 5 WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, OUR DUMMY JOHN BALANCE cre 6-8 Untitled Image Illustration 8 THE SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL THEATRE FUND FARCE. J. S cre 8-10 MY MEMOIRS OF HENRIK IBSEN GEORG BROCHUR cre 11-14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 PIRANESI AND A DELUSION. Allen Carric cre 14 Untitled Image Illustration 14 A TERRIBLE TRACT DRURY PERVIL cre 15-17 THE SEARCH FOR LOVE Q. E. D cre 18 Untitled Image Illustration 18 THEATRE AND MUSIC BADEN-BADEN 1858 – 1859 PAUL MCPHARLIN cre 19-21; 23; 25; 29-32 CONVERSATIONSHAUS, BADEN. Illustration 21 TEMPORARY CONCERT HALL, BADEN. Plate 2. Illustration 21 MLLE. DELPHINE FIX as Rosine in Beaumarchais' "Barbier de Seville". Plate 3. Illustration 23 I Illustration 25 3 Illustration 25 2 Illustration 25 4 THREE CARICATURES AND A PORTRAIT. Illustrating "Theatre and Music, Baden-Baden". 1. J. D. Arban, Cometist. Caricature by Et. Carjat. of Paris. 2. Joseph P. A. Mery, Author. » » » » 3. Eugene Ketterer, Pianist. » » » » 4. Joseph Strass (1827-1870). Plate 4. Illustration 25 THEATRE DU LUXEMBOURG. PARIS. 27 Plate 5. Illustration 27 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES PAUL McPHARLIN cre 32 ETIENNE CAR J AT, CARICATURIST. 32 JOSEPH P. A. MERY (1798-1866). 32 A BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF DELPHINE (ÉLÉONORE) FIX, 1832-1864. HERSELF cre DELPHINE FIX cre 32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 SCENOGRAPHIC WILL-Ò-THE WISPS. J. S cre 33-34 ARTISTS, IDEALISTS, AND STEELE MACKAYE. c. g. s cre 34-35 MONSIEUR BOMBET AND EDWARD LEAR. GORDON CRAIG cre 36-39 AT THE CASA SCAGLIONE EDWARD LEAR cre 39-45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 A LETTER FROM DENMARK ON THE THEATRE. Ebbe de Neergaard cre 45 CORRESPONDENCE. 46-47 Untitled Image Illustration 46 THEATRICAL Fanny Hepworth cre 46 THE SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL FUND. A Journalist cre 46 AMERICAN HELP:—WHYNOT? I. Moser Lewis cre 47 GIVING THE WRONG IMPRESSION. Englishman cre 47 FOREIGN NOTES. 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 NEWYORK. K cre 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 BOOK REVIEWS. 48-52; 57-62 Untitled Image Illustration 48 THE LETTERS OF RICHARD 48 UN TEATRO DE ARTE EN ESPANA Edicione de la Esfinge. "Estrella Sociedad Anonima Editorial, Madrid. Madera 11. Gordon Craig cre 48-49 7HE POETRY AND PROSE OF 49 PLAYS AND MASQUES AT 49-50 ABOUT ENGLAND by M. V. 50 MODES AND MANNERS OF 50-51 SHERIDAN TO ROBERTSON by 51 LONDON by G. H. Cunningham. 51-52 SAMPLERS, Selected and Described 52 THE COURT MASQUE, A Study 52; 57 ANTON TCHEKHOV by S. 5. 57 nRUDY\ An Intimate portrait of 57-58 7HE " PHILOSOPHE " IN THE 58 EUGENE O'NEILL by Barrett H. 58 MILANO VECCHIA by Otto Cima. 58-59 SPENSER by Emile Legouis. J. M. 59 EVER YMAN LIBRAR Y (Dent) &lt;0 59-60 THE HOUSE OF SATAN by 60-61 THE MUSICAL QUARTERLY. 61 WILD HONEY by Frederick 61 THE GRASSHOPPER and other 61-62 I have been unable to discover in any books in my own C cre 53 DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA (Circa 1690). Engraved by Arnold Van Westerhout (1666-1728). Plate 6. Illustration 53 DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA (Circa 1690). Engraved by Arnold Van Westerhout (1666-1728). Plate 7. Illustration 55 MAGAZINES. 62 QOME of the most interesting 62 EDITORIAL NOTES. JANUARY: FEBRUARY: MARCH. 62-63 STRINDBERG, BARON 62-63 Untitled Image Illustration 62 WHAT'S IT ALL ABOUT? 63 CO VENT GARDEN THEATRE 63 MILLIONS AND MILLIONAIRE 63 STRATFORD - UPON - AVON. 63 IF NOT SALVIATI... WHO ? 63 LAST WORDS. 64 WHO IS E. 8., LONDON? 64 Untitled Image Illustration 64 ON BEING LIKED. J. B cre 64 Untitled Image Illustration 64 mmmtmmmmmmmwamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmtmammmmmmmmmmamammmmmmammmmmm 64 Untitled Image Illustration 64 LAST EDITORIAL. THE DISCIPLES OF SALZBURG. J. S cre 64 Untitled Image Illustration 64 TH F MASK"1 11 4-li 1V I O VOLUME FOURTEEN. NUMBER ONEJANUARY - FEBRUARY - MARCH19 2 8 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION wSK EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS JfpRICE TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) f\ /OvVt (POST FREE)° W-"°TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS WCOPYr FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JANUARY-MARCH 1928 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions:but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address: The Editor: "The Mask Box 444, Florence, Italy.I J -\y •*: THE MASK The Mask1908 1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 THE MASK1928 „ THE MASK/l 9 2 8 THE MASK1928 THE MASKi 9 2 S All Rights reserved. A/arch 1928.Direttore responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tlpografia Giuntina, Firenze. SHAKESPEARE, OUR DUMMY, THESTRATFORD - UPON - AVON MEMO- RIAL THEATRE FARCEO AMERICANALMS FOR OUR NATIONAL POET, ANDOTHER MATTERS RELATIVE TO SHAKE- SPEARE by John Balance, John Semar and Others.RECOLLECTIONS OF HENRIK IBSEN BYP. A. Rosenberg,Translated by Georg Brochur.MBOMBET AND EDWARD LEAR,, with entertaining details of Lord Byronand of Edward Lear's wanderings in Calabria,by Gixoon Craig. A TERRIBLE TRACT AND THE PRE- SENT-DAY EFFECTS OF A BRICKTHROWN AT WILLIAM BLAKE WHILEHAPPILY TRILLING HIS EARLY VERSES,by Di ury Pervil.THEATRE AND MUSIC IN BADEN- BADEN by Paul McPharlin. ij SCENOGRAPHIC WILL'O THE WISPSwhose Scenic Designs we seek in vain to see,by J. S.ARTISTS, IDEALISTS AND STEELEMACKAYE by C. G. S. ILLUSTRATIONS A VIEW OF THE ROYAL CIRCUS, LONDON AS REBUILT BY CABANELLJR.: SCENES AND PORTRAITS ILLUSTRATING THE THEATRICALAND MUSICAL LIFE OF BADEN-BADEN IN THE NINETEENTH CENTURY.A VIEW OF THE THEATRE DU LUXEMBOURG. PARIS AND TWO DESIGNSFOR SCENES FOR OPERA ENGRAVED BY ARNOLD VAN WESTERHOUT. LITERARY CONTENTS. FOREWORD J- S WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, OUR DUMMY, . . John Balance . •9-THE SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL THEATRE FUNDFARCE J* S * 4MY MEMOIRS OF HENRIK IBSEN .... P. A. Rosenberg. IHITranslated by Georg Brochur . I . .7PIRANESI AND A DELUSION . Allen Carric 10A TERRIBLE TRACT Drury Pervil 11THE SEARCH FOR LOVE Q. E. D '4THEATRE AND MUSIC AT BADEN-BADEN, withBiographical Notes Paul McPharlin 15SC.ENOGRAPHIC WILL'O THE WISPS J. S 21ARTISTS, IDEALISTS AND STEELE MACKAYE . C. G. S. . . ; . . .22M. BOMBET AND EDWARD LEAR .... Gordon Craig ..... 24A LETTER FROM DENMARK ! Lbbe de Neergaard . . . .33CORRESPONDENCE. FOREIGN NOTES. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. ILLUSTRATIONS. THE ROYAL CIRCUS, LONDON, RENAMED THESURREY THEATRE . Anon- • • • Pla,e '» Face !CONVERSATIONSHAUS, BADEN-BADEN: TEMPO- &gt; „ llf s 2, " 'RARY CONCERT HALL, BADEN-BADEN .MLLE. DELPHINE FIX ...•••• " • 9 3&gt; Precede 17THREE CARICATURES • ) n ...» 4, » 17PORTRAIT OF JOSEPH STRASS. . ... ) ' ' ■TFJEATRE DU LUXEMBOURG, PARIS . . . Anon. . . . * 5, "17DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA . . . Arnold Van Westherhout " 6, Face 40ANOTHER DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA " ■ •" " 7, Precede 41\ •Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. THE ROYAL CIRCUS, LONDON, AS REBUILT BY GAB AN ELL JUNR IN 1806 AND RENAMED THE SURREY THEATRE.Destroyed by Fire. January 30th 1865. Rebuilt and opened December 26th of the same year. Plate 1. FOREWORD J. S. THIS year a hundred years ago Ibsen was born.This year a hundred and ten years ago Shake- speare was Bowdlerized.The two dramatists are quite without any in- fluence at all in England. The British Stage likes milderand neater notions than those of Shakespeare and Ibsen.Attempts are still being made, and with quite a littlesuccess, to render Shakespeare lit for the English Stage.It was in 1818 that Dr. Bowdler was called in toperform an illegal operation on the body of Shakespeare.Dr. Bowdler successfully rendered Shakespeare a eunuch.So Shakespeare is tamed at last, and even actors cannow be seen in his company.Every effort is therefore being made to interpret thewreck as tamely as possible. And, to help the good workon, £ 250,000 is being spent on building this eunuch atheatre from which it is still hoped that every taint of thetheatrical will have been eliminated before it is opened. Congratulate yourselves. WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, OUR DUMMY BY JOHN BALANCE. RUIN "QHAKESPEARE spells ruin " is an oldO cry: it was first heard issuing fromthe mouth of some English theatre managerwho meant that a Shakespeare play pro- duced in a Theatre of his would not payand so he, for one, would be ruined.But it has meant other things since.It has been said that Shakespeare'splays are a danger to the Empire: spellruin to that. H m m ....Recently an attempt has been madeto fan into a flame the last sparks of af- fection and pride for Shakespeare whichsome of us believe cannot quite be ex- tinguished in the minds and hearts of Englishmen. But the result has been remar- kedly unsuccessful. In attempting to raisesome money, with which to re-build hisTheatre at Stratford-upon-Avon, the col- lectors have been forced to go to Americaand ask for funds, admitting to Americathat the English could not manage to raise£250,000 for their Shakespeare. In thisway Shakespeare certainly is coming tospell ruin: for everyone naturally supposesthat, if our country can afford to raiseimmense sums for valueless purposes, itcan at least afford a quarter of a milliononce in a century to pay for its Shake- speare.Now the whole world knows thatthis is not so, yet it would surely have beenworth three millions to stop the doubtfrom becoming a conviction.There must be something to be saidon behalf of the idea that Shakespeareis not needed, and it is this.The Shakespeare our forefathers sworeby, has vanished: he has either decamped or has been spirited away, and in placeof him is a Dummy.Exactly when the original Shakespearedisappeared is uncertain; how lost, noman can exactly say: it would seem thathe was lost by a general concensus ofpublic opinion. Anyhow this is not theman—tis the Dummy.The Dummy is a most loveable crea- ture— quite the sweetest little toy everoffered to a Baby Public.It's not like the ugly Shakespeare atall: its a pretty daisy-eyed thing devisedafter years of labour.For years and years the work has goneon and on: meetings have been held, produc- tions have been made, publications have beenissued all to prove that Shakespeare, the realShakespeare, was not well, quite nice,but that a very nice, tidy, sweet little Dum- my was to be made to replace him ; now thislabour of love has reached its final deve- lopment and the Doll is ready. Shakespeareis gone, and this dummy called Shake- speare is in his place accepted by all.Upon this very great work of thetribe of Bowdler the world now meditates.The world stands with head uncoveredin front of the Doll and silently wonderswhat it ought to say—and then it turnsto its spokesmen with " you say it forme ' and they begin.The spokesmen, in a state of sheerfunk, are preparing to say what is expectedof them, when it begins to rain and sothat's all right, and everyone goes homeand the trying situation is over. THERE have been men who have saidwhat the real Shakespeare is, and otherswho have tried their best to do so; amongst these have been some poets, (some of theseare still living to-day) some actors, somescholars, and some statesmen.But, except for these, everyone hastalked rubbish, being as 1 have said petri- fied by fear lest they should offend theworld and its top-hat, and pretty bonnet.And these four works, ('J which Iam reviewing are but four out of fourthousand of those publications which havehad to miss the whole point about Shake- speare ; it was (they considered) their duty,it was (they considered) good manners,not to question the genuineness of the Dummyof whom they were dreaming and whoseadvent they foretold.These four thousand writers then concoctextremely interesting or rather dull booksupon this coming Dummy, and I really donot think that four thousand Jesuits ofthe 18th. Century could have done it better.And then the thing arrived and isbeing feted.Professor Boas in his little work isvery readable ; it is an enjoyable bookand he is one of our great scholars andis with-all a magician, for he takes thisDummy Shakespeare, seats it on his knee,and, by the aid of some ventriloquism,makes it seem that the Dummy is alive.After some patter the Conjurer saysto the Dummy, " Now then, Willy, singone of your nicest little songs to theladies and gentlemen". " But I don'tknow any songs" "Oh yes, you do,Willy, you're a clever boy you know.You can make up songs and (to the audience) that everyone knows. Sonow sing one of your best—that one outof the " Merchant of Venice"Oh, that!" cries Willy, and be- gins something on these lines:Oh Mr. Dooly I love you trulyYou're the finest politician ever grewSo diplomatic, so democraticOh Mr. Dooley-ooley-ooleyoo.Great applause breaks out." Is'nt he wonderful" says Molly." I'm so glad I came ". But she doesn'texpress any sorrow that Shakespeare sgone.... for she doesn't know.Except for this unfortunate fact, thisbook on the Dummy is the very best oneto give to Molly.Molly will not read it, but her brotherJim will; he'll know, leave Jim alone toknow.He will later on write a book onShakespeare, and lecture on him, andproduce a play or two, and no one willcontradict him. But none of it will pay,all will be so much ruin.Miss Albright's book, which wasfinished before Sir E. K. Chambers' morefamous book appeared, is very good. AsMr. Greg points out in a rather unsym- pathetic review of this book in the" Review of English Studies " (a reviewsimply devoted to the cult of the Dummy)" Miss Albright has had very bad luck",because she and Sir Edmund were goingit hammer and tongs on the said Dummyat the same time, attacking the same ragpatch and all unbeknown to each other.Sir Edmund's scholarship is knownall the world over. No Shakespeareanscholar is more respected: his four volumeswere a revelation.It stirred the group standing aroundthe Dummy as no other book has donefor a hundred years.Indeed if Sir Edmund chose to turn his scholarship to Adevoyle, he would illu- mine the darkness there, or if he electedto write upon a grain of mustard seed,he could write five volumes on it. And1 believe Miss Albright could beat himat it; Mr. Greg calls her " vague inthod"naive" in her reading, and" pursued by a demon of inaccuracy ".1 cannot; if I did the straw wouldbe out of the Dummy, and that must beprevented at all costs.Besides I won't: what should all thesebooks on Dummy Shakespeare be butinaccurate? " Her insight" says Mr. Greg," seems unreliable "but then so is eve- ryone's insight or they would all say" It's a Doll ".But, Mr. Greg is fair and admitsthat " Miss Albright has collected aquantity of interesting material some ofwhich may be new even to the expert ".And doubtless in her very rich bookthere is much about the man who dis- appeared—this Shakespeare who onceplaced us all in such an awkward situation.There are some curiously sugges- tive chapters in this book by the Ame- rican lady, one of them being entitled" Subjects Considered Dangerous ". Sheherself does not whisper " Dummy " butthe chapter should be read.Not that after reading anyone willbe any the nearer discovering where thereal Shakespeare has been put; not if youcan read all four books, will you discoverthat, nor even guess the spot.And now for that most praiseworthyvolume entitled " Shakespeare and theTheatre ". It is by nine different authors,not one of the nine gives you a singleclue as to his whereabouts.Indeed it surprises me, and you must besurprised too, to observe how it becomespossible to write so adequately on nothing.For all this which remains to us is nothing. You point to the plays.... but you knowquite well that they are like the dreams ofPharaoh and Nebuchadnezzar, which allthe wise men failed to interpret. It wasmore than their place was worth tointerpret the truth.So is it with us and our Shakespeare.AH that he dreamed and told nextday has been misinterpreted systematicallyby the timid minds of the past centuries.All that was rough has been cooleddown: all the exaggerations made reasonableand the truth smoothed out: all that wasfiery has been explained away.What remains is something soft andflabby, righteously smug-looking, and eve- ryone agrees that this is the very thingto usher into the new Stratford-upon-Avon Theatre which Miss Scott hasdesigned so excellently: everyone will behappy and will be the Dummy's guide, in his most needto go by his side—you bet yer ! (1) Dramatic publications in England 1580-1640,by Evelyn May Albright 21/- net. Oxford UniversityPress."Introduction to the reading of Shakespeare" byF. S. Boas 2/6 net. Oxford University Press." A series of Papers on Shakespeare and theTheatre" by Members of the Shakespeare Association,16/- net. Oxford University Press." The Review of English Studies " Sedgwick &amp;Jackson 6/- net January 1928. THE SHAKESPEAREMEMORIAL THEATREFUND FARCE. J. S. A farce it is—to see America foolingEngland, but a tragic farce to watchEngland being fooled.We are English, and so we are na- turally as much against this game as aremillions of English men and women.In Stratford live Americans—and itwas these kindly people who first calledon America to send money over to helpus rebuild the Shakespeare Theatre.It was doubtless well meant. But in Stratford there also live English men andwomen. Yet left to them, Stratford might,truly, never have had a theatre at all.Even if left to all England the resultmight have been the same.What to do, then?Obviously the one thing the goodStratford Americans did,—that is, to getmore money from America, and a consi- derable number of Englishmen, seeing soeasy away open, eagerly seconded the plea.Mr. Bernard Shaw is right when he saysthat this begging on behalf of the StratfordTheatre from the United States is shameful.For the English are rich—rich enoughto find £ 100,000 or five times that sumfor such a purpose as this.The " Daily Mail" in a leader of July6th 1927 had the following passage:—" The mere idea of being at themercy of an American trust with regardto such an important thing as beef isdecidedly alarmingTo very active people Beef andShakespeare are more or less identical.The Americans who come over here areenchanting people.... they just love Europewith an unselfish love which wants to help.Hear them upon English beef: "Oh, say, I think your meat is.the sweetestmeat I ever saw it's classic meat. Yourmeat pies, say, they're bully, they are:I'd just love to have a finger in all yourpies of your best ". Now that's all real,good, honest heartiness— Is it not?Hear the same good man two dayslater in Italy. " Gosh, that maccaroniof yours is something grand. I reckonit's the grandest dish I know. I'd liketo buy the whole of Tuscany and growit for love of the Italian people: why, inthe early Italian morning when I wakeup and hear the little birds twittering first one little bird, then another little bird it makes me realize what a sweetpeople Italians are and I long to helpthem to help them realize themselvesI long to shout to them, Say, yousweet people, do you figure out whatmiles of sweetness your little Tuscanyholds? there's more money in a squareyard of Tuscan sweetness than you Italiansknow how to get out of all it's hundredsof square miles. And then I grow realsad to see what a waste is going on for I see how I could make it all pay ".Now we have no doubt of the Ameri- can kindness. As in the war, when moneywas lavishly poured out sometimes whena few pounds had been sufficient, wecould see that the notion was kindliness—concealed no ulterior motive: and it iskindliness, and pride of having a finger inthe pie, which now impels our goodfriends over there to help.Bui for all this the English are beingfooled—fooled and don't know it.Who wouldn't pay a million dollarsfor the fun of seeing rich people made ri- diculous? All we object to—and objectstrongly —is that these rich people beingfooled are the English.it's not their fault; for who has evershown them the worth money-worth, pa- triot-worth, war-worth and peace-worth,—of the real Shakespeare? The Shakespeareof Heaven and Hell, not the milk andwater one.During the war he was left unemployed.No word was spoken from the stepsof the Throne, the steps of St Paul's orthe benches of the House of Commonsto call the country to attend for a momentto the power of Shakespeare.In scholarly, in literary and in jour- nalistic circles alone was Shakespeare re- membered with a sigh.And this was all in the natural orderof things, since for three hundreed years he has not been noticed, his immense Dramanot provided with a home.No National Theatre was wanted, theysaid, for the greatest National Dramatistthat ever wrote. And that is why, whenfire destroyed the little Stratford Theatre,*/ 'Englishmen were caught napping : none ofthem knew who Shakespeare was.Even now they don't know.But behind all this, tragically comicas it is, is something even more comic;and that is the ignorant if not maliciousmisinterpretation cf the Poet and his work.There is, of course, a little talk ofthat fellow Shakespeare behind the scenesat Court, in Church, in State, and else- where where authority lurks.The talk is that he is rather unreadableand it's a hit risky, they whisper, toacknowledge the fellow, for, after all, hewas not quite a gentleman. It is gentlemenwho do all this whispering behind the arras.Shakespeare wrote some awful things,five or six rlays—if printable, absolutelyunactable: and that's what's behind the threehundred years denial of Shakespeare.Thus the people of England havebeen cheated out of the plays andShakespeare not »here to defend them.The English people do not care onefig about Shakespeare " wrote* John Keats.Had the English people a chance ofhearing, of seeing, of getting, Shakespeare,who knows that they would not care.But,as "The Mask" has twice pointedout, Shakespeare is rather dangerous andvery theatrical, OWere Americans raising a big sumto establish a first-class ShakespeareTheatre in America, that would be quiteanother thing, and would be the verybest incentive to spur and force England to make some efforts to do the same; forwhen Europe heard in America wasa real Shakespeare Theatre in which,once a year, a number of the great playswere performed better than anywhere else,the shock to us would be something really -worth while, and would tend to disgustEngland with the provincialism of theStratford-upon-Avon affair.Shakespeare is too big for Stratford;this is the fact, the unalterable fact.Stratford has never been quite able to ,look at ease about Shakespeare; the linesof Othello, Lear, Macbeth and Hamletdo not sound natural in that place, forit's not a village and not a city, andShakespeare requires the space and thevitality of a great city, before he canever come to life again.Moreover, Stratford is not by anymeans whole-hearted for Shakespeare; it •does not follow the Americans who residethere and who have been the more active *in trying to awaken interest in poorShakespeare: it rather resents these acti- vities. Some fifty years ago it resentedthe activities of Mr. Charles EdwardFlower in its midst. It wouldn't raise atheatre from its own funds yet it objectedto Mr. Flower attempting to do the thing.Stratford is therefore too small-mindedand too weak in purpose for this purpose,and it deserves to be bought up by Americansif it won't and can't make an effort for itself.Stratford of course doesn't representEngland: all Stratford does is to misre- -present England.Who doubts for a moment what Mr.Bernard Shaw means and what we mean? *We mean that all England has forsome reason or other avoided this matter •for years and is still avoiding it, by lettingit all rest with Stratford —poor little beast.That's what is so unfortunate and that - cannot be gainsaid. (1) A Letter lately received, and printed in ourCorrespondence columns, once more draws attention tothis strange, and supposedly English, distrust of the 44 Thea- trical Editor. MY MEMOIRS OF HENRIK IBSEN BY DR. GEORG BROCHUR. MY first memory of Henrik Ibsen datesfrom the home of my childhood. Myfather was one of the few Danish criticswho after the publication of Kongsemnrne(The Pretenders) publicly maintained (inDanskhaanedsskrift) that a new, great drama- tist had arisen in Scandinavia. Ibsen neverforgot that. On the occasion of the first ga- thering of Northern Students in Christianiamy father called on Ibsen in his poor homein one of the outskirts of the town and hehas told me how shocked he was at findingsuch a man in such straits. Later on Ibsenoften visited my father in Copenhagen, wherewe lived on Peterborgsvej, next door toIbsen's brother-in-law, M. Ludvigsen, a ma- nufacturing engineer, and it was here I sawIbsen for the first time, in the beginning ofthe seventies.I was, while still a schoolboy, greatlyinterested in Ibsen's writings. My comradeat the Soro public school, Herman Bang(who became a famous author) occupied theroom next to mine and recited fragments fromFru Ingertil Ostraat so vigourously that hedisturbed me in my studies; he repeatedmore especially the sentence: " Great God,how fair and proud she was!" times innu- merable with different intonations (all flat).Emperor and Galilean I had read sevenconsecutive times, in the end with desperatesobbing because I could not understand themeaning of the third Kingdom.. One afternoon the bell rang, I openedthe door, and a little man in a velvet jacketstood on the steps; he asked if my fatherwas at home. 1 sized him up as theAmericans say, and made him out tobe a commercial traveller of which class agood many used to trouble my father. Ianswered him consequently somewhat coldlythat I would go and see. " Tell him it isIbsen", the man said when I had turnedround to go up the stairs.—" Henrik Ibsen? ",and I again turned round, terrified and gazedat him. "The poet" 1 faltered. "Well,yes " he answered smilingly. And that was how my idol looked! A terrible disappoint- ment!But when he sat at our table and fixednis wonderful eyes on me, I fully realised mystupidity.One day Ibsen, Bjornson and MagdaleneThoresen (Ibsen s mother-in-iawanda charmingWriter) sat beside each other in the sofaof our living room. This was a sight for aschoolboy with keen literary interests. MmeThoresen was explaining her plan of a dramaabout Christopher in Bergen.You must let me have that subject formyself she said. Bjornson acquiesced onthe condition that she left Trygoesonalone; he was thinking of writing a dramaabout this King with music by Grieg. Ibsensaid nothing. " Haven't you got anythingyou want to reserve for yourself ?" askedhis mother-in-law, and Ibsen replied: "Yes,Magnus Heineson ". I had never heard thatname before and asked who he was. Ibsenlooked at me and 1 noticed that his one eyewas larger than the other. Slowly and withimpressiveness he replied: " He was a greatscoundrel ".On a subsequent occasion, many yearsafter, I reminded Ibsen of this and he saidthat the subject had interested him conside- rably in his " romantic" period. . I havefrom early memories a distinct impression ofBjornson s great admiration for Ibsen; I thinkit was De Unges Porbund (The Union ofYouth) which put an end to this friendship.After my father's death i found severalletters from Ibsen in his drawers; one moreespecially struck me as interesting. It waswritten in Dresden during the war of 1864and gave expression to Ibsen's feeling ofshame and powerlessness at being compelledto sit still without being able to do anything.My next meeting with Ibsen was at thefete at the Dagmar Theatre, Copenhagen inhonour of his seventieth birthday. MartiniusNielsen, actor and director, had staged TheComedy of Love and himself played theprincipal part in Brand, which I had adaptedfor the stage and staged. Both plays hadtheir premiere in Denmark on that occasion. Ibsen, of course, was invited and saw Brandperformed for the first time in his life. Hewas apparently much affected and severaltimes dried his tears during the scenes inthe fourth act. " Ikketicke " ! (Don't weep)he murmured to himself. After the per- formance, which lasted until midnight, heasked to be introduced to Martinius Nielsenand my wife, who had taken the parts bothof Svanhild and Agnes and 1 too was sentfor. We spent three unforgettable hourswith Ibsen, Besides Professor Riis-Knudsenwho was the proprietor of the Dagmor Theatre,Mme Oda Nielsen the wife of MartiniusNielsen and a charming actress was presentand later in the evening Sven Scholander,the famous Swedish singer, put in an ap- pearance. Ibsen was very lively and talkedincessantly, quite an unusual thing for him.He was genuinely pleased with the perfor- mance and 1 know that afterwards he laudedit spontaneously to other people. He saidabout Martinius Nielsen's rendering of thepart: " It is my Brand; this is how I haveseen him". He was also loud in his praisesof Agnes and he insisted in sitting betweenmy wife and Mme Oda Nielsen the wholeevening. When he at 3 a. m. had to driveto Hotel d'Angleterre (the supper was in aroom at the Dagmar Theatre) he demandedthat the two ladies should go with him inthe carriage, " The two husbands can dowithout them so long, I suppose " he laughed.I wish I could remember everything hesaid about his writings and his methods! Itwas in many ways exceedingly elucidatingand interesting. Professor VaJdemar Vedelhad in honour of the day published a bookabout Ibsen's influence on Danish authors andhe had also asked me for a contribution,adding that he did not mean to publish myletter, but only use the main impression, thegist of it, so that I could write without anyreserve, which I did, in a long letter. Inthis I said that it was Ibsen as artist 1 ad- mired and not at all Ibsen as philosopher. Ihad not had time to read Vedel's book,being so taken up with the Brand production,but I know that Ibsen had read it; and Iwas candidly a little nervous at the thoughtof what Vedel had used of my letter.At the table 1 sat opposite Ibsen; a vasewith flowers stood between us and whenMartinius Nielsen had made his speech to Ibsen, the latter put the vase to one sideand looked searchingly at me and said quiteslowly: "People in Denmark speak aboutmy philosophy. I have no philosophy. *People sometimes call me an apostle of truth.I am not aware that 1 have proclaimed asingle truth. Have I? "Martinius said: "Still the Doctor hassaid that the man is the strongest who standsmost alone "" Wait a bit", Ibsen answered, " whenhave I said that ? "" In 'An Enemy of the People' " Is it not Stockman who says that?"u V 99i es-s I am not responsible for all that rot hedelivers himself of."No, but through the trend of thedrama", I remarked, " one has a distinctidea of where the Doctor's sympathy is "." Do you think you know that ", Ibsenanswered. " Perhaps you are mistaken"." Weil ", 1 answered, " the Doctor hasanyhow expressed your opinion, your sym- pathy or antipathy "." Where? " he asked sharply.In the lyric poems.— sIbsen was for a moment a little takenaback and then said with an inscrutablesmile: "Ah, those little devils ought neverto have been published".After which I ventured to raise my glassin honour of " the little devils "."No, you see", said Ibsen, "I should"be likened to a chemical scientist who mixesdifferent substances and waits for the result.My characters often surprise me by doingor saying things, I never expected from them;yes, at times they turn my original plan upsidedown, the Satans. A poet must listen-in tohis work;'it is a complete misunderstandingthat he can " command the poesie ", on thecontrary, it is the poesie which commandshim". IHe spoke about • his method of workingand said that he for choice laid his plan for 4the day's work when he awoke in the morn- ing, for then he felt his imagination was itsfreshest; on the other hand criticism was less •keen in the half-dreaming hour of dawn. Itdid not awake entirely until he sat at hiswriting-table, and it (the criticism) often „turned down everything he thought he hadinvented whilst in bed. He mentioned the small india-rubber devils with red tongueswhich he always had standing on his writingtable. " There must be Troll in what 1write ", he said and in a tone half in jestand half in earnest he then spoke of the" chief devil "He only makes his ap- pearance towards the end, when I am mostput to it. Then I lock my door and bringhim out. No human eye, except mine, hasseen him, not even my wife has seen him "." What is he like?" I asked Must you know that? " Ibsen answered."It is a bear playing a fiddle and trampingthe time with his foot ".I thought of the bear which learnt todanse " in the cauldron below wonderfulmusic and a substantial heat This mascotof Ibsen's ought to be preserved if still inexistence,Ibsen had a picture of Strindberg over hiswriting table. "He is hanging there on thewatch" Ibsen said, " for he is my archenemy ". The keenest possible critic shouldbe "on the watch"; every scene was heldup before this " enemy" whether he hadany fault whatever to find with it. This ischaracteristic of the intense earnestness withwhich Ibsen sacrificed himself to his art.He said that he perhaps would write abook in which he accounted for the plan ofhis plays. " They are often so confoundedlymisunderstood ", he said.We had all, a day or two before beenat the notorious banquet at Hotel d'Angle- terre, in Ibsen's honour; Ibsen referred to itwith discretion and a wonderful irony. Themaladroit arrangements reached perhaps theirclimax when Sven Scholander got up andsang Gubben er zammel (literally ' the oldman ' is getting old), one of Bellman'sfamous songs. He probably meant no harm,but everything seemed to go wrong thatevening. Scholander, who had joined theIbsen party at Hotel Dagmar received severaldigs in the course of the evening. Ibsenalso spoke of the performance at the RoyalState Theatre of The Wild Duck., of whichhe, strange to say, did not approve. Allwe others were unanimous in lauding Bloch'smasterly staging, Mme Hennings's exquisiteHedvig, Emil Poulsen's Hjalmar, OlafPoulsen's Old Ekdal and Mile Anthousen'ssplendid Gins. But Ibsen declared therewas too much farce about the performance. It shall be tragic comedy ", he said,otherwise Hedvig's death is incomprehen- sible ". Mme Hennings was the only onehe unconditionally praised. " She is Hed- vige ", he said ; " the others do not play thegame ". 1 must confess that 1 until this dayfind his verdict most peculiar.In the course of our conversation we alsospoke about Emperor and Galilean and Ibsensaid in that connection : "If you will promiseme to play the drama in two evenings, 1will at once set to work about arranging itfor your theatre". If only Riis-Knudsenand Martinius Nielsen had clenched thebargain it is not impossible that the worldwould have been the richer by Ibse&amp;'s ownadaptation of his most powerful work. But,unfortunately, they hesitated and ere long itwas too late." You haven't cut out much from Brandfor the performance '* he said. 1 ratherhesitated for I had been compelled to cutout more than one third of the play.May 1 have a look at the prompter'sbook" he said. 1 brought him the bookwith a trembling heart. I had run mypencil through one page after tire other." The Devil", Ibsen murmured as heturned over the leaves, " Yes, I seem tohave forgotten most of that matter .One scene in the staging had called mesome trouble—the moment Agnes was com- pelled to give Brand the lost keepsake ofthe child, the baptismal cap, and he goesout to give it to the gypsy. Agnes has nowords to say; all the book says is, that herface suddenly, showed a great and radiantjoy, and when Brand comes back she turnsto him, exclaiming: "I am free! " My wifequite correctly thought that this would notdo on the stage. If she, without any ap- parent reason, looked so radiant, peoplewould think that she had become mad fromgrief. My wife asked if 1 could not makeup a remark for her, but of course I wouldnot attempt that. During a wakeful night 1happened to think of the window facing thechurch-yard, which Brand has ordered Agnesto close, because she could not bear to lookat her child's grave. I suggested to mywife that she should look halt shyly towardsthe window, then approach it hesitatingly,put out her hand and again withdraw it andfinally with determination open the shutters and look out, and then the changed expression ofher face could hardly be misunderstood, andher exclamation would have something like abackground. I spoke to Ibsen about it andhe said "Is it not like that in the play? "" Well, when the Author himself thinks hehas written it" I answered delighted, " then1 know it cannot be wrong ". It shall bedone in the same way in Norway" Ibsensaid with some decision. I don't knowwhether this has been done, but it was inany case his wish.When at three o'clock he prepared toleave he said: " I must try and get home,for I must sit at my writing table tomorrowat seven o'clock". " Not this morning,surely?" 1 asked. "Yes", he replied," come, and you will find me there atseven o'clock". "But, Doctor, you won'tget enough sleep ", said Martinius Nielsen—" Yes, I shall ", Ibsen answered with dignifiedquiet, "for I shall sleep with all the moreenergy. Thanks for tonight! It has been agood evening ".And so we all thought. (I) Copyright De Feoslevske Blade. PIRANESI AND ADELUSION. Allen Carric. THE work of Piranesi is often included inbooks dealing with .scenography, yet, sofar as we know, Piranesi himself never stoodon a stage in his life.How is it his things are so theatrical ?For the simple reason that he saw and felt toooften like a showman;—but this in no wisegives him any status in the Theatre.There are calligraphers whose penmanshipis almost like print, but none of them couldearn £ 5 a week at a printing works, forthey do not know the game.Piranesi is supposed to have exercised avast influence on the scenographers of the18th century, whereas it is more than likelythat it was he who was influenced by them,especially by Ferdinando Bibiena, his inferioras a draughtsman and his inferior as an en- graver. He was influenced by Bernini too—and possibly by another six or seven ofhis age.In that useful book, " The Developmentof the Theatre ", Professor Nicoll includessome designs by Piranesi; —as well mighthe have included some photographs of an- cient Roma or Greece or Egypt, with theirlofty arches and sense of space and pools ofshadow.It would be quite as correct.... and moresensible.... to say that these three lands, and alltheir architects, and nature herself, influencedthe scenic men of the 17th and 18th centu- ries as to assert that Piranesi did so.He saw these arches, these bridges andthese crumbling ruins, but so did everyoneelse. He drew them, but so did a dozenothers, and before he did : he felt their po- wer and charm, but so did most of the Ro- mans of his time.As do most of the Londoners in our timewhen they witness • the immense spectaclewhich our city lays before them daily. Thatfive or six well-known artists from Brangwynto Bone have seen a Piranesian resemblancebetween today's London and ancient Romais not after all very extraordinary. We neednot gape about it: we need not fancy weare wise to note it. For Velasquez saw thesame things in Madrid, and Guardi evensaw them in the very small city called by usVenice.The Egyptians were before them all, andthe Chinese were not behind-hand either.People will always suppose they havemade a discovery of some worth when theystumble over or into a ditch. There weredykes and crevasses before their ditch.In art they come across the vast or theminute and are impressed, believing it to bea new thing.What miraculously fine work, they sayof some young modern, and they add " underthe strong influence of Memling " : it's truehe was under his influence until he saw theintricate fine work of China.But who remembers China. A TERRIBLE TRACT DRURY PERVIL. " Improvement mak.es strait roads; but thecrooked roads Without Improvement, are roadsof Genius ". Blake. HOW on earth can you marry Heaven toHell?'yet until you do so, unrest willtorture the world. " Sooner murder an infantin its cradle than nurse unacted desires"writes Blake: Yet the separation of Heavenand Hell chokes our world with a millionunacted desires. Though the world is all rightit appears that the world is mighty sick....and all because the Deep sea and the Devilwon't make it-up.Certain science will cure it, Fascism willcure it, Religion will cure it, and Art will healit. The cures proposed are innumerable, sopresumably there may be really somethinggroggy with this remarkably pleasant andbeautiful world.I too sometimes think something is wrongwith it. Perhaps you would like to knowwhat a man perfectly enchanted with every- thing here below finds is wrong.So far as I know 1 have only howledout now and again about thing: not theworld but the disorderly mimic world, theTheatre.Blake though takes us out of the 1 heatre,so for the first time let us go out and seethat horrific thing Real life.It appears to me just the same as it ap- peared many years ago when 1 left it and itsviolet rayed light to go into the stuffy Theatreto hold a rehearsal. 1 seem to have beenrehearsing for years inside that darkened buil- ding with its stage and trapdoors, goblins,fairies and its Dramatics Persons, its heatedatmosphere and its hot and very inadequateyellow light. Now I come out for a breathof fresh air, some delicious laburnam light, andlam struck by the perfection of eve rything,the wealth of it all, the joy in it and theastounding thing that it's a gift to me.But you want to know what it is I findwrong. Only one thing ... 1 may not haveany of it.I may stay half an hour at the stage door, THE MARRIAGE OF HEAVEN &amp; HELL, byWilliam Blake. Dent &amp; Sons. 211- net.POETRY &amp; PROSE OF WILLIAM BLAKE.Edited by Geoffrey Keynes. Nonesuch Press. 12j6. smoke a pipe or a cigarette or two, or breathein the fresh air, and notice the movement oflife of the street, but in half an hour's time Ihave to go back to work in the dark, theexcessive heat, and under the quite ridiculousconditions imposed on me by that guy calledNecessity. I have to do this to make aliving ; that's a pretty word, a living: it meansgetting £2.15.0. a week so as to be utterlyunable to live; I get £2.15.0. just forgoinginto the dark and preparing theatricals on afar too expensive scale.That's all I find wrong with this worldand our existence. It's not much. You willsay it's nothing to speak of; still after all itis something to think that I am to lose thewhole of life, just because Heaven and Hellwon't make it up again.And Blake terrifies me : does he terrifyyou? You have an income of some £150,000a year, I have no income at a!!; you, accor- ding to Blake, are a villain, a sneaking ser- pent robed in mild humility —how does thatstrike you ? I on the other hand am a justman driven forth into barren climes andraging. Naturally (if just), such a man wouldrage and has a distinct right to roar.How do you like these two pictures,yourself and me,.... " Robes of Thespis " ! !I don't like acting and I don't like actors,I get my £2.15.0 a week out of lime light;I don't like it. I shall not break down ....mind you, I shall not make a scene, I havefar too much respect for the reserve force ofmodern acting for that; what 1 don't like isthe serfdom of it all, and for such a poorthing as make believe.1 know it's poor for, don't forget, 1 do geta half hour daily at about 12-30 when I maystand at the stage door, and then I see thelovely world and know how rich it is.That world is the thing which Shake- speare, Blake, Shelley and Byron all writeabout; more than that, it is the thing mysenses, my hellish senses, and my soul, myheavenly soul, respond to with such ardouras I stand at 12.30 right there on the brinkof life. But, as I say, I never really live; Ihave to work. Why? were I paid £BO aweek or a £IBO, it would be different, forI who, ever since I was thirty and possiblymuch earlier, wished so well of and for allthings that 1 soon caught the notion what lifeis for. I pronounced it was for living: I added, a while later, and a place for lettinglive and for generally marrying Heaven toHell, and to Hell with the Pope. Not thatI feel any disrespect towards his Holiness ; Ionly added that in desperation, and it poppedout here and now solely because I have aparrot who always cries out 4' to Hell withthe Pope ", and there we have it. We areall a lot of Parrots, some catching up Badwords, others echoing Good words, and allchained to a perch.There is Mr. Baldwin for example,chained up to a perch, echoing the very bestwords he is able to remember, and doinggood deeds and working on and on and onall for nothing.Sir Austin Chamberlain, too, a nicerlooking bird, I do not know, but shackled,chained, up, rendered useless in spite of astunning plumage. There is his grace theArchbishop of Canterbury, what sailors call,44 a knowing old bird"—He and I, Chamber- lain, and Baldwin, all of us shrieking out ormuttering in dignified guttrals "To Hellwith the Pope "or " Polly put the kettleon " or some other bit of blasphemy or bril- liance, and there we end. Even the Raven,were he with us still, could only add " no- thing more ".But to return to Blake's notion thatHeaven and Hell are to be re-married andto ask yen what you, you, wealthy " Serpent",think of it.You and 1 are good friends. I would notcall you a " Serpent ": Blake does: Yes, Ithink he means you when he talks of "thesneaking serpent who walks in mild humility ".Yes, he certainly means you and the " suc- cessful " others. Now, why he should haveraged and roared at you is not clear ; it isnot quite clear to me, for you and I reallyare good friends, and it is not at all clear toyou. But I see one of his points.He is rather hungry, and no man so op- pressed (I hate the word for it's fudge as arule) so oppressed as he, is able to feel at allaffectionate, tolerant even, towards such asyou. He began as a Poet so deliciously:you remember how his first songs were onetrill after another, and then, it was just as hewas trilling, that one of your friends threw abrick at him. Your friend was nicely dressedand carried a clouded cane, and had beenplaying " faro " at White's near Piccadilly, was working out a problem, how he couldpossibly manage to pay Dandy Bluff the 5000pounds he had the evening before won of him,and how he could, at the same time, meet thelittle extra expense of the new horses whichwere coming over the water to him fromFrance; and besides all this there was a debtand an upkeep, Mr. Chateriss, and the prettyRuby from the opera !... all this was quietlyrumbling in his mind when trill-trill-trill,went William Blake 44 Piping down thevalley wild ". " Oh damn that noise " criesyour friend and hurls the brick and Blaketurns from the major to the minor. A hundredyears later the whole London and AmericanPress comes out with posters headedMassacres in Moscow,Upheaval of Southern China,Children burnt alive in SoudanChaos spreading thru Europe....THE cry of the newspaper boy dies awaydown the Strand, for the point has beenmade.1 shall never trill to you, dear friend ; youhave, as I say, a comfortable stream of goldpouring in through your estate: you don'tknow what to do with it, and poets and othercattle of the kind are dying by the scorearound and about.But I shall never annoy you for I amnot fully persuaded that I am so very just,I could not bring myself to pose as " thatjust man driven into barren climes " of whomBlake was thinking, and so I cannot lookupon you and those like you as 44 serpentsrobed in mild humility Besides, 1 amconvinced, you would never waste a brickon me. I'm not worth it. But you and I,as two old chums, shall we say, chums byforce of circumstances, two chums like parrotschained close together, 1 a rare species, forone reason, (my beak has six notches in it),you a rare species for another reason, (yourinscrutability is clothed in the orange andblue), let us talk it over.Do you notice, old friend, that the snow- drops are coming up ? have you observed thethrust of yonder crocus ? all nature's roots lookappetising today. Have you sensed this,comrade? How wonderful it is to sit perchedup here, you and I, and to know that nothingcan prevent the crocus and the snow-dropsfrom coming up in due time over and over again. Whether we can get at it to eat it or merelylook at it from afar all's one : up they'll come.I am a reviewer of books and a workerin theatres; you are a banker; my perchdown here, yours up there in the Strand :chained and happy we can freely observe na- ture at her work.But I would nudge you to look in thedirection where those seeds which Blakeplanted are also coming up. Vainly would Iattempt to draw the attention of my own coun- trymen to the fact, it would be quite useless:their attention is never to be drawn to lookat anything. But you are such a human " ser- pent " that, when 1 hiss " Bolchevism" atyou, you will know at once what I mean.Who would have thought that the manwho sang " When the voices of childrenare heard on the green " was, all because ofa brick, going to sow the most terrible seedin the fair fields of England that has everyet been sown.For he has practically sown Bolchevismin there, and all because he was allowed tostarve, somewhat physically, entirely mentally.Today everyone in England calls thisbook of his, his masterpiece. Messrs Dent &amp;Sons, the mildest and most respectable of goodmen, have brought it out in colour: thereis a run on it. It certainly is a masterpiece.We all thank Messrs Dent &amp; Sons over andover again, but do they know what they aredoing? Does the British Museum, whichharbours this terrible tract, know what it isharbouring? is anyone in England aware ofthis ultimatum, this " Marry Hell and Heavenor Bust" ?If we dread Bolchevism we .... whatdo we do ? I should hate to say. Hundredsof books advocating the destruction of anEngland, which to-day parodies the real oldEngland, have been rejected in a proper na- tional spirit, by Messrs. Dent and Sons andall sound publishers. One and all have scornedsuch revolutionary rubbish. When I think ofthis, and then turn to this book by Blakeand see and read this, THE most revolutio- nary volume ever given to the world, I amoff again, and three times I cry aloud to youup in the north.Polly put the kettle on "" Polly put the kettle on "" Polly put the kettle on For in this book Blake states once morehis old belief that in England the Devil isseated on the throne of God; that rogues aredisguised as good men; that in our churchesthose who are the priests are really Satan'semissaries, that in our banks are Satan'scoiners; in the Halls of Justice- rascals layingdown the law and robbing good men oftheir riches and their lives ; and in all thewalks of our social life rogues and vagabondsare shown the utmost difference and givenplaces of high distinction.But he says a great deal more than this:he calls the English unnatural monsters andblithering idiots into the bargain; he saysthat the eternal female groans, and that hergroan is heard all over the earth. And Iam positive that there are many who willcall that an exaggeration.Fancy hearing a groan all over the earth,whereas the fall of a sovereign can beheard any distance by those who love 20/-in the £.Thus bad begins but worse remainsbehind: for the Marriage of Heaven andHell is but one of Blake's works ; all of themyou can get for 12/6 in the most perfectvolume I know issued by the Nonesuch Press.By the way the Nonesuch Press is alsoone result of the seed dropped by Blake; itgives as well as takes.There is not a cheap touch in the wholevolume: distinction and commonsense haveproduced what I think is the best ordinaryfair and square book 1 know of. Therecannot be a ha'porth of profit in it.Blake is of course a likeable creaturespite of his occasional roarings and his rages.Indeed the dear fellow had something torage about.Now in 1928 1 suppose we only grievetoo sincerely for the way we treated him whenliving, and 1 suppose we really are tryinghard to find some way to make sure that" it shall not occur again ".But only if we are taking steps to dothat can we prevent what is the poison ofhis despair from becoming far more attractiveto us all than those divine young trills which we silenced. It is not generally known that Mr. Pervils connectionwith the British Stage dates back to the days of Mrs AnneOldfield, his ancestor of that day, 1730, being propertyman of Drury Lane Theatre. THE SEARCHFOR LOVE Q. E. D. o GEORGE SAND oTHE SEARCH FOR LOVEo BY MARIE JENNEY HOWE. o A biography of the extraordinary womanwho thought in terms and lived by" standards a century ahead of her time.rhe story of her struggles as a pioneer of" feminist freedom, her literary triumphs, herrole in the lives of many famous men, is" told with sympathy and insight".Some of which may be true but most ofwhich is false.What is true is that George Sand wasan extraordinary woman—a fact no one everdoubted. And true it is and pity 'tis 'tistrue she struggled but not as a pioneer offeminist freedom. That old tarradiddle is soancient now one would think it could beallowed to rest with the first unknown womanwho sprang the joke on her sex.What is untrue, and cheaply so, is thatsub-title. " The search for love It suggeststhat this extraordinary woman was prone tostupidity, packed some big trunks and scouredEurope and Africa in search of the obvious,and all the time giving dusty and drabreasons to any old confidante who came alongas to why the obvious had never occurredto her.For this piquant sub-title " The Searchfor Love " does suggest that love is a thingto be found in some hidden corner.It recalls that old joke of the man huntingfor his spectacles which are all the time onhis forehead.The title of the book strikes one asworthy of a cheaper age than ours. WhenI am told that thousands of young men andwomen today bounce up and down enjoyingjazz tunes and the Charlestown I am nottaken in. .For I am assured by a few youngmen and women that they are going to killthe jazz and the Charlestown and the BlackBottom because they don't think these goodenough for them.They blaze at me they look like Iknow not what. "That tenth-rate stuff"tuey say you think we will be put offwith that? " I witnessed this spectacle of youth inrevolt only last month.I was never so surprised or delighted inmy life. I was beginning to suppose all theyoung men and all their sweethearts wereguys and muffs and could really be diddledout of all the worth-while things includingthe best music, songs, dances, books andtheatres.And now I'm wiser; I understand thatthey are going to stop the damned thing anddemand the best.All of them? well, all the best, and1 can see the others simply don't count.» The others will continue to " search forLove , will search for happiness, will searchfor art, will search for success and for every"thing else. And they will miss it all forcertain just because they search.They will pop from one notion to another;they will pop hopefully if idiotically; for theysuppose that great hope, with wide open eyeslooking like daisies, is a prime virtue whenhunting and they hunt to find love, happi- ness, success and all as though it were apin, something easily found by really carefulsearch, it being something which is lyingaround and to be spotted, pounced on,secured.If only this were so, it wouldn't be atall easy to secure it: everyone would grab atit* tbere would be one long unending;scrimmage.As it is, the best things can always befound at once and without any noise ortrouble to others, being in us - and not at alloutside us. THEATRE AND MUSICBADEN-BADEN 1858 - 1859 BY PAUL MCPHARLIN CONVERSATIONSHAUS, BADEN. TEMPORARY CONCERT HALL, BADEN. Plate 2. MLLE. DELPHINE FIXas Rosine in Beaumarchais' "Barbier de Seville". Plate 3. I 3 2 4 THREE CARICATURES AND A PORTRAIT.Illustrating "Theatre and Music, Baden-Baden".1. J. D. Arban, Cometist. Caricature by Et. Carjat. of Paris.2. Joseph P. A. Mery, Author. » » » »3. Eugene Ketterer, Pianist. » » » »4. Joseph Strass (1827-1870). Plate 4. Abookdealer had the kindness to sendme a parcel with an inner wrapping ofmany pages of an old periodical. It wasI'lllustration de Bade. I reassembled thecrumpled pages and patched together thetorn—it took me some time—and found thatI had the first two volumes, nothing at allmissing, although I feared, like the tremblingcollator of incunabula, that every momentwould bring me to a fatal hiatus. For I hadnot failed to notice that there were theatricalparagraphs and a few portraits of musiciansand actresses.There could not have been a great manyof these weeklies published. The Badcblatt,which they pretended to supplement, wassufficient for the permanent residents. Of thefifty thousand yearly visitors that went toBaden-Baden for the wators and pleasanterattractions at that time, 18,000 were German,14,000 French, 5,000 English, 4,000 Russianand American, half-in-half, and the rest othernationalities. Did many of these preservethe little illustrated paper they purchased ofD. R. Marx, proprietor of the circulatinglibrary and vendor of all the waltzes, galopsand polkas played on the promenade? Ifthey did, I'm afraid they went for startingfires and not so bad a fate wrappingbooks. Have 1, then, perhaps the only fileoutside of that in the local archives of Ba- den-Baden?The director of this publication wasCharles Lallemand. The editor at Badenwas M. J. Hohmann. The printer, G. Sil- berman at Strasbourg. Twenty numbers ap- peared during the season, from May toOctober. They treat the fashionable diver- sions of the place, music, dancing, operettasand comedies, sight-seeing (there were a fewantiquities, the ruined Old Castle and afifteenth century parish church, as well asthe landscape of the surrounding Black Forestand the costumes of its peasants) and in theautumn, racing and shooting. There is pas- sing mention of the gaming; it was extensive,but required little comment. And there is adutiful analysis of the salubrious water. The musicians of Austria and the Ger- man duchies, the actors and singers of Paris,gladly came to perform their pretty piecesbefore the appreciative fashionable audiences.And many of the operettas that were triedout in the Salon Louis XIV of the Conver- sationshaus later found their way on to theStages of the capitals.A map of the town presented to subscri- bers to I'lllustration shows the open square,planted with alleys of trees, on the oppositeside of the river Oos from the main clusterof buildings (many of them hotels) on thehill. To the west of this square is theTrinkhalle, to the south the Conversationshausand promenade, and to the east, on Beutig- strasse, a building with an apse markedTheatre. This must be the hall known asthe Salon Louis XIV where all the largegatherings took place. The rhapsodic criticsof our paper never tire of praising its Vene- tian glass lustres, its caryatids and its giltchairs. The stage held a setting, if the reportbe correct, forty meters square. Yet sinceBouiller the scenographer was complimentedfor being able to fit the plaza of the Barberof Seville into so small a space, it mayhave been smaller. And, not to be forgotten,south-east of the theatre, is the Villa Benazetin the orangerie of which private performanceswere given by amateurs. 18 5 8. BEFORE the season had really opened infull splendor, on the 23-25 May a choralfestival took place. All the singing societiesof the duchy, comprising about 2,000 members,met at Baden. Welcomed to town by thefiremen's band, the military bands of Carlsruheand Rastadt, and the municipal band, theguests were given button-hole insignia at therailroad station, and marched by societies tothe Conversationhaus, where a song was sungand they disbanded to their lodgings. At 3in the afternoon the singers rehearsed in thetemporary concert hall built behind the Stepha- nie baths, between the Oos and the Lichtenthal road. On the 24 they rehearsed again at 8in the morning; at 11 all the societies as- sembled with insignia and banners and mar- ched through town; at I a concert was given.Joseph M. Strauss (1827-1870), son ofJohann, and leader at the grand ducal chapel,conducted. The next day the prizes weredistributed. The first, a banner offered bythe ladies of Baden, went to the MannheimLiedertafel; the second, a silver cup offeredby the Baden Eintracht, went to the CarlsruheLiederhalle; and the third, also a silver cup,offered by the festival committee, to theHeidelberg Liederkranz. After banquets,excursions and a ball the tired singers leftfor home.And now the increasing stream of visitorspoured in. Ladies in crinolines, gentlemenin whiskers and tall beavers, promenaded inthe Trinkhalle where, from a red marblecolumn, jetted the thermal waters. Or theyrested on divans amid flowers under glassand a permanent picture exhibition. From agallery the mountains might be viewed. Whenthe weather permitted they strolled before theConversationshaus, listening to the band underthe direction of Eychler. Its musicians werealmost all from the Strasbourg theatre:Rucquoy the flutist, Wuille the virtuoso onthe clarinette, who also performed on thesaxophone (he was the first to do so inGermany, says our paper), Arban the popularcornetist, Grodvoile the violinist, Oudshoornthe 'cellist, and Stennebruggen and Guzman,horn players.On Saturday 23 June was given the firstsubscription ball. These occurred thenceforthalmost every Monday, Wednesday and Fridayin the Salon des Fleurs. Thursday 1 Julythere was a musical evening in the NouveauxSalons, of which one was the Salon Louis XIV.Perhaps there were communicating rooms thatmight be used singly or in suite, one fordressing quarters, one for a stage, and onefor an auditorium. The programme was givenby Wieniawski who made his violin laughlike Venetian maskers at carnival, by Coss- niann the 'cellist, De Bulow the pianist,Mile. A. Litschner the singer, and Grim- minger a tenor from Carlsruhe. A weeklater the same artists again were to perform,but at the desire of the princess of Prussiathe event was advanced to Tuesday 6 July.At the end of June the Wollschlaeger circus came from Carlsruhe and took upquarters in the temporary concert hall. Inthe ring girls on horseback played a Tournoide la Rose, charging and intermingling tocapture a rose that one carried on hershoulder. The clowns, one reads, madearms and legs ache, just to see.M. Amable Mutee, the manager of pro- ductions, on Thursday 15 July revealed in theSalon Louis XIV, a new two-act operetta leMoulin du Roi, laid at Newcastle in 1660and founded upon an incident in the life ofCharles 11. The piece was by De Leuvenand Adrien Boieldieu; the decor by Bouillerof Paris, who had the season before contrivedthe mechanical wonders of les Amours duDiable, the only outstanding success at theStrasbourg theatre. Mme. Miolan-Carvalho(wife of the director of the Theatre Lyrique)played Sarah, a milleress, who turned out tobe the Duchess of Norfolk in disguise; Mme.Meillet played Toby, a young schoolmaster;Mile. Faivre, Helene, daughter of Jacobson;M. Montjauze, Richard a brewer, who turnedout to be the masquerading king; and M.Meillet, Jacobson, a miller and sheriff. Theplot of disguises, treasure hidden in a castle,patriotism, and true love thwarted almostuntil the final curtain, made agreeable summerentertainment.On Thursday 22 July a new comedy intwo acts by Amedee Achard, les Campagnesdu marquis d'O, was presented with Bressantand Delphine Fix of the Theatre Frangaisplaying the marquis d'O, a colonel, andGenevieve, a draper, with Mme. Bellecour-Lagrange of the Vaudeville as the marquised'O, and Lagrange of the Gymnase as thevicomte de Morsan. The play was set atParis in the time of Louis XV.On Thursday 29 le Moulin du Roi wasrepeated. The next day a grand ball tookplace in the Nouveaux Salons. On Saturdaya matinee recital on the Tyrolean citharnwas given by Mile. Melanie Etterlin in theSalon des Fleurs.Thursday 5 August was to see les Cam- pagnes du marquis d'O and le Moulin du Roibothgrepeated on one programme; but thechanges of scenery proving too much for thebackstage space, only the latter was played.Saint-Germain of the Theatre Frangaishad been engaged to play Figaro in le Bar- bier de Seville (the Beaumarchais comedy, not the opera) but at the last minute Empis,the director of his theatre, would not permithim to leave Paris. Mile. Fix and Bressantadded their signatures to that of Benazet,entreating his release. But Empis remainedfirm. So Mutee had to go to Paris, wherehe finally secured Thiron of the Odeon forthe part. On Saturday 7 August le Barbierwas given with Bressant as the comte Alma- viva, Saint-Leon as the doctor Bartholo,Brasseur as Don Bazile and Delphine Fixas Rosine. On Thursday 12 it was repeated.On Saturday 14 P. T. Barnum came toBaden with General Tom Thumb, heraldedby an article with three portraits of themidget in our paper, and an eleven-lineadvertisement (the headline in shaded type).In the morning the General appeared on thepromenade in his carriage drawn by ponies.In the afternoon at 3 he might have been seen inthe Nouveaux Salons, best seats two florins,others one, and children half-price, where hedoubtless gave his impersonations of Napo- leon, Uncle Sam, Samson and a gladiator,danced a reel in his highlander costume, andbowed in the court costume in which hehad been presented to the British and Frenchroyal families, bantering the while with anyonewho addressed him in English. The next day,Sunday, he gave seances at 3 and 8. Barnumwas as strict a Sabbath-keeper as the othersat Baden, who never resorted to amusementson that day. Tom Thumb was not an amuse- ment, but rather a curious little personwhom it was delightful to meet.At 8 Saturday evening there had beena grand concert with a Bach prelude arrangedby Gounod. MM. Billet, Ketterer and Si- vori played and Mmes. Meillet and Miolan-Carvalho sang.On Tuesday 17 a Bearnaise double quar- tette sang in the Salon des Fleurs. The nextevening a grand ball took place and thenthere was a lull.The long-awaited grand festival concert,directed by Hector Berlioz, for the benefitof the Baden hospitals, came on Friday 27August. Reserved seats were 20 francs,admission was 10. The orchestra and cho- ruses were recruited from Baden, Carlsruheand Strasbourg, and the music was a little-more pretentious than that generally heard ata watering place. For the first time Berliozperformed his symphony with choruses (the words by Emile Des champs), Romeo et Ju- liette, the introduction, andante-allegro, adagioand scherzo, and his ballad for three cho- ruses, Sara la Baigrteuse. Litolff (born inLondon 1820, his father French) the virtuosoon the piano, played the first three movementsof his fourth concerto. Vivier executed ahorn solo of his own composition. Airsfrom Rossini, Weber and Mozart were sungby M. Roger and Mme. Charton-Demeure.Beethoven's Lenore and Weber's Euryantheovertures closed the programme and opened it,The village of Waldorf had burned andthere were many sufferers. For their benefita performance was organized on Tuesday 31August in the Salon Louis XIV. Mme.Kalergis, enthusiastic amateur, played a duetfor two pianos with Wieniawski. Mme.Rumbold sang, accompanied by Ketterer.Then was given a comedy by Mery, la Co- quette, written in 48 hours, in which hehimself acted, assisted by Mme. de Valmontand MM. Ernest and Edmond Duclos. Thehall was filled—we learn it held just 300 and 6,000 francs were realized. Mery alsocontributed a long rhymed prologue.Thursday 9 September the birthday ofthe grand duke Frederick of Baden was ce- lebrated by bells and ordnance, decorationsand illuminations. At 8 in the eveningfireworks were shot off from the Conversa- tionshaus lawn by M. Lips of Strasbourg.Against the sombre forest background theeffect was reported to be marvelous. After- wards there was a ball. The receipts fromit and the sale of reserved seats for the fire- works were given the Baden hospitals.At the concert of Saturday 11 Arbanplayed the Miserere from il Trovatore on hiscornet, and Edmond Weber executed a fan- tasy for clarinet. Postponed from Thursday,on Monday 13 Professor Grisier, assisted byhis nephew, gave a fencing match at therequest of his numerous pupils assembled atBaden. It may have taken place in the SalonLouis XIII, a small room seldom mentioned.On Thursday 16 September a new ope- retta in one act by Eugene Cormon andAdolphe Vogel, le Nid de Cicogne, wasseen in the Salon Louis XIV. It was laidat the border of Holland, toward 1760.Conrad (barytone) and Fritz (tenor) wereplayed by MM. Crosti and Ponchard of theOpera Comique. Rosa (soprano) was played by Mile. Marie Saint-Urbaine of the TheatreItalien, and Charlotte (Dugazon) by Mile.Marie Mira. The piece was produced intranslation next season at the Theatre Royal,Stuttgart.The next evening, Friday, a privateconcert was held in the orangerie of theVilla Benazet. Sivori, Ketterer and Mme.Cambardi entertained.Thursday 23 /e Nid de Cicogne wasrepeated. Friday there was a concert withErnesta Grisi, Mile. Saint-Urbain, Hermannand Ketterer. Saturday there was another,at which was performed the overture of theopera la Nuit torn les Chats sont Gris, byFrangois Schwab, music critic of our paper.The artists included Mile. Caussemille, Mme.Cambardi, Dreyfus, Sivori, Seligmann andKetterer.Wednesday 6 October a one act ope- retta by Salvator, VEsprit dxi Foyer, with aprologue by Mery, was performed, the composerconducting from the piano. There were onlytwo roles: Mme. Caveaux-Sabatier playedMathilde, and Jules Lefort, Henry. A con- cert of chamber music preceded the operetta,Jael piano, Rene Douay and Franco-Mendez,'cello. Philip de Cuvillon, violin, Desargus, aStrasbourg professor, harp, and Mile. Jose- phine Martin, voice.v The season was long since over. Theraces had been run 5, 8 and 12 September.Only shooting remained as a Baden attraction.But Tuesday 12 October the final play ofthe year was given in the orangerie at VillaBenazet. It was the three-act farce, la Joiede la Maison, with a prologue by Leon Ber- trand, played by amateurs. 18 5 9. THE Strasbourg theatre had always beenconnected with the entertainments atBaden," sending its musicians and singersthere when it closed for the summer. SinceHalanzier had been director in 1852, withthe exception of Chabrillat, all those whosucceeded him, Jourdain, Doligny, and Dai- glement, mismanaged and, as a result, Stras- bourg was often confronted by a closedtheatre. The municipality decided to putan end to this irregularity, and in May 1859appointed M. Amable Mutee, who had beena successful director there in 1844-5, to the post for a term of three years. He wasempowered to give three year contracts, andso was enabled to start building a permanentcompany. His attention required at Stras- bourg, he was not able to resume his mana- gerial duties in Baden until that autumn, ifindeed he did so then. Immediately afterhis appointment he brushed a few plays intoshape for the agricultural fair at Strasbourg,obtaining Lessuer of the Gymnase for comedy,and Brasseur (who had played Don Basileat Baden the year before) of the PalaisRoyal for low comedy. Mile. Scrivaneckof the Varietes was also engaged.At Baden, starting Wednesday 7 June,the regular daily band concerts began, onfair days under an awning on the promenade,until the new band stand could be completed.Eychler was replaced as conductor by Mi- loslav Koennemann, who in 1858 had some- times alternated with him and who, it wasfelt, played dance music with more fire, forhe was Hungarian. To the musicians of theyear before were added Mayerhoffer, violin,Fritschi, oboe, Haupt, cornet, Sauret andBref, trombones, and Hanemann, percussion.On Monday 5 July the new fyosque de mu'sique was ready, and three contrebasses wereadded, too few, however, to carry well inthe open. The bandstand was on a stone ,foundation with iron pillars and a woodencanopy skirted by treillage, all painted greenand gold, and shipped in pieces from Paris,ready to be assembled. The engraving ofit given by our paper shows that it contrivedin every way to interfere with acoustics.On Monday 27 June, in the Salon desFleurs, took place the first subsciption ball,to be followed through the season by otherson Wednesdays and Fridays as well.The first musical evening was Thursday30 June; each Thursday for two monthsthereafter was given over to similar enter- tainment. Marie Marimon and Marie Battu,each 19 according to their biographies printedin the paper, sang on this occasion. Mile.Battu was sister to Leon Battu, who haddied shortly after his operetta written in col- laboration with Halevy and Victor Masse,le Cousin Marioaux, was with success firstproduced at Baden in 1857. Mile. Marimonwas from the Theatre Lyrique. Henri-Vieuxtemps, violin, Ernest Nathan, 'cello,and Alfred Jael, piano, relieved by Ketterer, played pieces not too heavy, such as Gode- froid's Danse des Sylphes and popular ariasfrom Lucia, The Salon Louis XIV was the" - concert hall.On 7 July the same group performed.On 14 Piatti substituted for Nathan. Onr2l Hermann and Seeling, pianists, and Mme.de la Morliere, singer, joined the ensemble,remaining for 28 July. On 4 August Rogerof the Opera, who had sung in the Berliozfestival concert the year before, was to appear.But shortly before this date, in a huntingaccident his arm was so severely injured thatit had to be amputated; his career was atan end. However, Batta the 'cellist appeared,with Mme. Dreyfus the organist, Mme. Cam- bar di, Bussini and Balanque. The two latterwere to have appeared with Mme. Barbotin costumed scenes that Roger had preparedbefore his accident. Sivori, who was alsobooked, was indisposed and Hermann tookhis place, along with Ketterer, at the piano.On 11 August Mile. Rosa Kastner,pianist, and Accursi, violinist, were newperformers. They attempted a Beethoven*&gt; trio with one of the others as a first piece,u and the critic of the paper thought theywould have done better not to mutilate it.On 18 August they repeated it, however.Cossman, Mme. Accursi, Balanque, Bussinoand Mme. Nissen-Soloman were companionartists.A cyclone had struck the little village ofOffenbourg on 30 July. A benefit concertwas organized for the sufferers on 20 August,when Vieuxtemps and Servais played andBalanque and Caroline Barbot sang. Men- delssohn's Hebredes overture was one of thenumbers. There were realized 2,500 francs.And now for a week rehearsals had beengoing on both at Carlsruhe and Baden foranother grand festival concert for the benefitof the hospitals, to be conducted by Berlioz.&lt; On Monday 29 August the Salon Louis XIVwas filled to its capacity of 6.000 francs.Berlioz again played parts of his Romeo etJuliette, as well as a scene from Act I ofhis new opera les Troyens, to which he hadwritten words and music. This was for the"first time. Mme. P. Viardot and J. Lefortsang a recitative and duo of Cassandre andChorebe. Engel, professor at the Conserva- tory of London, played the organ in aMeyerbeer overture, and solo in an unnamed number. Ritter played his own music to.Paradis Perdu. And Francois Schwab, ourmusic critic, had his Fantasie brilliante pourla clarinette executed by M. Vuille.On Thursday 18 and Monday 22 AugustMme. de Marenholz had lectured, developingFroebel's theory of regeneration for society byeducation, starting with the kindergarten.On Thursday 1 September occurred thefirst play of the season. It was le Favori dela Favorite, a two act comedy by Villemotand Sirandin, set at the court of Louis XVin 1769. Bressant, " prince of roues",played the Chevalier de Lansac, Regnier," most amusing of untitled vicomtes", theVicomte de Chanteloup, Ricquier the Barond'Antignac, and Mile. Fix, " goddess ofprose", Sabine, his niece. The piece wasrepeated Saturday 3.After the Friday ball that week Ketterer,Grodvolle and Vivier had obliged by playingimpromptu.On Friday 9 September the grand duke'sbirthday was again celebrated by fireworks,after which-was presented the one act ope- retta, le Manage de Leandre, by ClementCaraguel and Ernest Boulanger. The Pa- risian actors were supplemented by somefrom Strasbourg. MM. Sainte-Foy and Berryplayed Leandre and Antoine, the gardener,Mile. Poussez the young widow, and Mme.Amable-Mutee, whose name would recom- mend her to those to whom her talents wereunknown, the old Isabelle.On Saturday 10 Regnier played the phi- losopher in scenes from Moliere's ManageForce; and in Marivaux's Jeu de I'Amour etdu Hasard, an old favourite, Bressant playedDorante; Sainte Foy, Pasquin; Mile.- Fix,Sylvia; and Mile. Duvard from the Stras- bourg theatre, Lisette.For the benefit of the Offenbourg stormvictims on Monday 12 Mery got up a littlecomedy of his, Apres deux Ans, laid atAvray in 1858. Mme. Kahn played theDuchesse de Valbreuse, Mme. de Kalergis(at whose house Mery improvised the prologueshortly before the performance) played Anna,and M. Makeiwitz, the Compte de Moranges.The play was preceded by a concert inwhich the coroptesse de Kalergis, MM. Cos- mann, Grodvolle and Jules Lefort, and Mile.Bido performed.Thursday 15 le Mariage de Ldandre was played again, and Saturday 17,l' Amour et du Hasard. Thursday 22 theformer was given for the third time, and also,its premier, Qui Femme Guerre byMile. Augustine Brohan of the ComedieThis little piece, repeated Saturday24, was played that winter at Mile. Brohan'stheatre. Here it was followed by a concertwith Sighicelli and Sainte Foy. Tuesday 27another concert was given with them andjacquard, Goria and Mme. Cambardi. OnI October the concert lacked only SainteFoy of these.On 29 September the winter season ofthe Strasbourg theatre had opened, let ushope to prosper, and the professional companyhad gone there or back to Paris. But theVilla Benazet on 5 October still bustledwith amateurs' play producing. After anoverture from the Dame Blanche led byKoennemann, la Caprice by De Musset wasput on in the orangerie; then came a musicalpot-pourri, and finally la Veuve aux Corne- lias, probably some outrageous and side- splitting parody that the public columns ofour paper see not fit to comment upon.And what of Vlllustration de Bade, theforty numhers of which have now beencombed of their news of theatre and music?The publish ers had high hopes for it. Theywished to make it an all-year periodical,confined not just to Baden-Baden, but to thewhole valley of the Rhine and the BlackForest, from Basel to Mayence! Did theirplans materialize, did the paper becomesome fat and colourless gazette? Or did it,like the frog that wished to puff itself up asbig as the ox, explode? THEATRE DU LUXEMBOURG. PARIS. Plate 5. SITUATED at the angle of Rue de Fleurus and Rue de Ma- dame. arrondissement. Quartier Luxembourg.Actually No. 39 Rue Madame, this theatre was openedin 1816. Frequently called Bobino after its founder, itwas demolished about 1880. (Lecomte).This was the students* Theatre for many a year. Who,indeed, was there, among those at that time studying inParis as unknown students who came in later years tocount as a personality, who was not in this playhouse as ayoung man ?Bobino was the stage name of M. Saix, and he beganhis direction of this Theatre with parades, pantomimes anddances sur le corde. Later it came under the direction of the vaudevillist M.Clairville, actor and author.If you look at La Tour's "Plan de Paris" 1786 youwill find that this theatre of 1816 came to be built onthe same spot where stood the Nouvelle Foire St. Ger- main thirty years earlier.The older Foire St. Germain as shown in the 44 Plande Paris" known as 44 Plan de Turgot " (See 44 TheMask" Vol. XI No. 3. for reproduction of the entireplan in forty full page plates) is in a position somewhatnearer to the Seine between Rue du Petit Bourbon andthe Rue du Four.The same Foire was in the same place in 1808. BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES BY PAUL McPHARLIN. ETIENNE CAR J AT, CARICATURIST. GAIETY and wit achieved a high water mark inFrance, they say, during the second empire. Carjatwas one of many portrait-caricaturists who then flourished.His thrusts at his sitters were mostly gentle, and sometimeseven complimentary; one feels that the literary and artisticpeople he drew were in his circle of friends. Some of hissketches were lithographed for le Boulevard. He knewLemercier de Neuville the puppeteer, and for his showspainted an articulated figure-portrait of him on thin woodenboard, as Gustave Dor£ painted one of Dimmer. Both figuresare shown in Ernest Maindron's Marionnettes et Gulgnols,Paris [l9oo]. JOSEPH P. A. MERY (1798-1866). SATIRIST, romantic novelist (sketches of his called lesNuits de Bade appeared in Y Illustration de Bade)and playwright, as well as improviser. With Gerard deNerval he made adaptations from Shakespeare and wroteother plays. He assembled groups of terminal rhymesthat Dumas the elder invited all the poets of France tofit verses to. Three hundred and fifty responded, andtheir solutions to the bouts rimes were published as a vo- lume in 1865. A BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OFDELPHINE (ÉLÉONORE) FIX, 1832-1864. BY HERSELF. DELPHINE FIX. THE Editor of Illustration de Bade.Monsieur,You ask me for details to be able to make a biography.The details are not very interesting. I was born in avillage of Lorraine, called Tellancourt. I won't tell youthe date, altho 1 am still of the age when it can be con- fessed. Your paper is one of those that is saved, andI'm taking precautions for the future. I arrived in Parisat the age of 7, and 1 entered a boarding-school ; 1 neverknew actors and no one is an actor in my family. It'stherefore a quite natural vocation. I recited poerns andI recited them passably, according to my taste. My fatherhas always been opposed to my taking up the theatre, butas I was not rich and as I wished to be independent, Ientered the Conservatory; I was received immediately.Six months after I was a pensionraire and at my firstcompetitive examination I obtained honorable mention (0in tragedy, alas! and a second prize in comedy; theyear after, a first prize in comedy and a second intragedy. I made my debut at the Theatre Fransais witha little success, and 1 was engaged. My roles of debutwere: Abigail in le Vcrre d'eau; Henriette, in les Fem- mes SaVantes ; Isabelle, in VEcole des Maris.The principal roles I have created: Bataille de Dames;le Bonhomme jadis; la Joie fait Peur; la Czarine ; FeuLionel; le Fruit defendu ; Peril en la Demeure, etc.I have taken all the line of business of Anais, and Iplay all the young leads and girls in love of the old re- pertory; I am a soci&amp;aire and the small future that ihave has been predicted for me by Balzac, who came tosee me play in the banlieues where I tried out.That's all, and it's little as you see.Au revoir, Monsieur, and a thousand regards. (i) That is, next best to first prize. SCENOGRAPHICWILL-Ò-THE WISPS. J. S. IT seems rather hard upon the public thatthe designs for mise-en-scene by Mr. deCourville, Mr. Morris Gest, Professor Rein- hardt and Mr. Cochran have never yet beenexhibited. And it seems so unnecessary tohide them since we are told that they exist." I have seen scenes by Mr. de Cour- ville and Mr. Cochran where a vast blackor grey curtain played an important part "wrote Mr. Hubert Griffith in the " EveningStandard " on April Bth 1927.Well, if he has seen the scenes we wantto see the designs. For scenes cannot existwithout some sort of design : and, if the de- signs are by Mr. de Courville or Mr. C. B.Cochran, these artists should assuredly getfair praise or full blame for the work: but,if the designs are by someone else employedby Mr. de Courville or Mr. Cochran, Mr.Griffith should not have been so careless inhis use of words, and he should have refer- red to " the scenes by C. &amp; C. ".In a list of Dramatic Revivals for 1901 -1926 of English pieces, compiled by one ofour foremost English dramatic critics, we readabout Reinhardt's designs : the entry runs :" Hamlet: Martin with new set- tingfrom designs by Max , King'sTheatre, Glasgow, April 5,1913 ", which isexplicit enough, yet we have never seen onedesign by Professor Reinhardt nor have weseen one reproduced in any book about him.This latter fact is strange, to say the leastof it, in view of the above statement. Andit is also strange that, although we wrote tothe aforesaid critic, asking him kindly to en- lighten us respecting these designs for " Ham- let ", he has, though promising to secure andsend us data as soon as possible, never, inthe many intervening months, supplied theinformation sought.Mr. Morris Gest is entered in " Who'sWho in the Theatre " as a " Manager ".Yet in the same entry we find the followingstatement: " Produced 'Adam and Eva "," Chu-Chin-Chow ", " Aphrodite " etc. etc.and " The Miracle ".This is puzzling, for we always had sup- posed that our own Mr. Oscar Asche, as- sisted by his producers, was the " producer "of " Chu-Chin-Chow ", and, we understand,the author too; and that Reinhardt, assistedby his producers, was the producer of " TheMiracleGest should perhaps be recorded as ha- ving "presented " things. It is still much tohave done. Mr. Charles Frohman was farmore particular, and prouder: he never claim- ed more than that he " presented " whatother men produced.The entry in " Who's Who in the Thea- tre " proceeds: " Mr. Gest's firm introducedthe Russian Ballet etc That's better : butif he only introduced the Ballet, then surelyhe only introduced " The MiracleMr. Diajaliev is another of the Impresa- rios whose work we should like to see—iffor no other reason than this —we have neverseen it.We have seen the excellent work of theassistants of some of these men, but whenare we to see more positive proof of theirown work ?I daresay it does not form such a volu- minous collection that a fair-sized hall couldnot contain it: the Albert Hall would seemto be an ideal place for such an exhibition.The admirers of the theatrical agent,Morris Gest, were asking only recently whyno examples of his wonderful work were tobe seen in the immense collection which wasbrought together last year in Magdeburg.Do not tell me that these great " produ- cers ", these great " artists ", are nothing elsebut theatrical agents ; for remember, Mr. Hu- bert Griffith has " seen scenes by " two ofthem, and no less an authority than Chris- topher St. John has dubbed Diajaliev " artistThey must be keeping some of theirlight hidden under their bushels ; and that initself—how artistic it is : so unusual, too, inthese past masters of the art of reclame.We call, and shall continue to clamour,for a sight of these works of art or works ofskill or works of patience and labour: butfor a sight—one glimpse, of them.Professor Reinhardt, Mr. Cochran, Mr. deCourville, Mr. Morris Gest and ComradeDiajaliev, you are surely not going to playthe bashful ? If you have the goods you willproduce them surely:—if you haven't, asyou would disdain getting someone to fakea few sketches for you and palm them off as yours, though it might be quite legitimatein a showman, you will tell us, in statementsas far-reaching as your admirable reclame,that those who credit you with such designsare really talking through their hats.But, joking apart, there is an opportunityopen to all five of these gentlemen to showtheir designs, sketches and the rest at theInternational Bi-ennial Art Exhibition in Ve- nezia this year, as a theatrical section is forthe first time to be introduced. We lookforward to seeing them there, if Venezia sees fit.We have, indeed, alreadv heard that theT 7 *Reinhardt 1 heatre and the Diajaliev Balletare to be represented at the Exhibition : butwhat we are really looking out for is a dis- play of designs, nay, even but one design,boldly autographed by Professor Reinhardt, orwithth e authentic legend ego Dicjaliev feci.And there is one more serious aspect tothis matter.This loose way of announcing and report- ing might lead in a very short time to er- rors of considerable magnitude.For instance, how about this : "St Joanby Mr. Cochran will be given at the AlbertHall next Saturday. His acting, music andscenes are surprisingly beautiful ".— Wheredoes Mr. Shaw come in ?Or this :—" Mr. Gest's ' Merchant ofVenice ' produced last night with his usualdelicacy and attention to detail was a triumphfor this great artist ". Where does WilliamShakespeare coire in ?Ihe notion in some of these showmen'sheads is that, since they help so materially topopularize a play or an opera, they are ac- tually the makers of the thing. " Why, myboy, I made it—it was a rank failure and 1made it a success And of course this is avery clever thing for the showman to havedone ; but it no more makes him the parentof it than a like cleverness in the sale of aRaphael makes Sir Joseph Duveen or Mr.Walter Dowdeswell the parent of Raphael'spaintings.As neither Mr. Dowdeswell nor Sir Jo- seph Duveen ever dreamed of such presump- tion, the least the theatrical impresarios cando is to follow the excellent example set bythe first class picture-dealers.But if this is the least thing they can doit is undoubtedly the best. ARTISTS, IDEALISTS, ANDSTEELE MACKAYE. c. g. s. (') HpHE American Theatre should experiment1 for admittedly it is the special privilegeof any youngish man or land to experiment;to fail or, after blundering, to succeed.But if to experiment independently is ac- ting boldly, to pose as experimenting whiledepending on an elder hand is of coursereally not experimenting at all.Steele MacKaye steered a middle coursebetween these two extremes. He assu- redly possessed the spirit of experiment: hewas not content to roll along with imitatorsof the great Barnum, but was a sincere dis- ciple of the great Edwin Booth, an actor ofgenius. Booth is the representative of Ame- rican acting, and that acting will presumablysome day develope such strongly marked fea- tures of its own that we shall find it as strangeand new as today we find the acting of Chinathe most ancient acting and a far off place.At present we do not find it has yetreached that point of development, it isfar too like European acting. The Ameri- can performer, be he actor, singer, dancer,does the European thing and sometimes wecan say that he really does it better than theEnglishman, Frenchman, Italian or Russian :but always is it a European trick, done ac- cording to one of our recipes.To cockatoo it, is not of much account,but to respect one of the European recipesand to add an original pinch or two to bet- ter it, that is a good deal to do ; and I willnot claim for Steele MacKaye more than that,lest the Fates cry " Elold bard there " andplay his memory one of their tricks.This 1 think is the best spirit in the Ame- rican Theatre today—tomorrow something maycome of it.MacKaye wanted the moon. That isalways the right spirit in which to start anadventure : he wanted it not all for himselfbut because he knew that if he got themoon. .. the rest would follow: he wouldthen have enough to share it around.So far as I know that has always beenheld to be a very proper desire—man formoon, moth for star: it is for example a dis- tinct cut above the desire of the bear for thebun or the longing in jimmy to borrow.Poets who are without any desire for the moonhave more money, but we have no love forthem: who ever loved a man who couldmake you pay him—you don't even considersuch a man—you merely dislike him.And may-be MacKaye wanted to bepaid hke everyone else and that of coursewould tell against him. It is not sufficientmerely to be paid like everyone else: youmust have a distinct veneration, a certain aweof cash, and this possibly is what MacKayelacked, A failing of his and we must chalkit up to his credit.Those who stand in awe of money, orperhaps more truly in awe of being withoutit, carry weight with them. Oppressed byit, they look it. It is one of the steadyingballasts the artist, or let us say the idealist,• should ship into his composite nature as soonas he feels like soaring. He should do thisas much in complement to the earth as any- thing else, for he is to show off there andnot in the air.And if the idealist be a theatrical being,how doubly important not to forget this whenbooking his passage.1 had almost slipped a moment ago, andwritten artist when 1 meant idzalist. iweighed anchor in time. An artist is anartist and, alas, absolutely nothing more.Such a gentleman such an angel—suchan organizer—such a brute—such an idiot—such a muddler. I have even in my shortcareer of eight years as a book reviewerheard the artist spoken of in these terms.For my part, and I mean not to offend him,he is nothing at all but an artist. A manwho is practical to the core on Wednesdayand a muddler on Thursday can be onlyone thing—neither muddier nor practical manbut, unfortunately, an artist.You cannot possibly put it to the artistto stand in awe of money for he does. Youcannot tell the artist that he should really becomereligious before it is too late, for he alwayshas been religious. To wish him to bepunctual is useless; he was born with thesense fully developed: to say he should bemore sober is futile, so terribly sober he can he.The quaint thing about this race of people,- the artists, is that they all of them are every- thing and more than anyone else. As a rule they do not develope morethan one stratum of their natures —and it isthat stratum which they unfortunately believewill give the other fellows the most pleasure.Sometimes like Orlando di Lasso or likeBlake or Gainsborough, they will developetwo of their gifts. And we can pause aninstant to note that all of these have beendubbed idealists and yet were really no such thing.Sometimes an artist will had that hissecond siring is not so easily mastered as hesupposed: Gainsborourgh as musician is not ahappy spectacle: but on the other hand Blakethe poet, drawing at his desk, assuredly is :ail goes very easily there : as for Orlando,such a dazzling actor was he that even todayMiss Winifred Smith in her admirable " TheCommedia dell'Arte " refers to him as " ano- ther professional musician " thereby quiteforgetting for the moment that he was thegreatest master or music of his age.No. The artist and the idealist are twosuch separate things, and I think we arebound to admit that if Mackaye was notquite artist he was most assuredly an idealist.In him we recognize the real soirit ofendeavour, carrying on the heavy load ofideals—almost too many ideals. Yet can anidealist have too many? is it not just what hesuppose himself born to carry—and doesn'the carry, them well?If towards the Moon, then to the moon:if towards the Bank .... but there's no landingstage there for the genuine idealist. I amnot an idealist myself. lam a friend ofbankers: I have reviewed in my time twobooks on the higher finance. I know of thesethings. 1 know that MacKaye was dreaminganother dream, and not quite so vast a dream as thetrue banker indulges in to our material benefit.If in finance there were no artists —no menin Banks fired by precise vision, we shouldall of us starve. This has never yet beenproperly explained to those of us who earnour £3to £8 a week—and earn it prettypainfully; and so we nurse a certain grudgeagainst the rich banker. Well, there are some ....and some otherstoo. But the great banker is a man of aspowerful a vision as a Shakespeare.MacKaye had no such powerful vision.He had a vague vision—he was idealist, not artist. (i) EPOCH ; Ike Life of Steele Aiackaye by Petcy Aiackaye2 volumes. Puh New York, Price 10 dollars. MONSIEUR BOMBET AND EDWARD LEAR. BY GORDON CRAIG. William the Conqueror.... Ten sixty-six.William Rufus....Ten eighty-seven,and so forth. I. #|T 1833-1848 is a between time, if only for ;the fact that no one was attending to whatwas going on. "What were revolutions after 'The Revolution, what could "be Kings and Em- perors after the Emperor, what poets afterthe poet, and what was anything after eve- rything ? everything was gone— what was leftover ?" There was a young person of Smyrna...Yes, she was indeed about the onlything that was left over,The elect of France and England waslicking its chops'; these ferrous cliques of thetwo nations had just distinguished themselvesby each betraying one man apiece, Napoleonand Byron, or perhaps one should say withStendhal, one monster apiece.This between time, this intermediate pausewhich separates Byron from our poet of today,and Napoleon from Mussolini, this silenthour when the cliques were sleeping off theeffects of their sheep-like rage about nothing,found one or two men awake.Two of these men were M. Bombet andMr. Edward Lear.In the year 1826, M. Bombet was forty- three years old, and Mr. Lear was butfourteen. 1 he good Bombet was alreadywalking tip-toe and peering around; M. Bom- bet was doing then what Edward Lear dida while later, he was looking at places.For why should he look at people.... anymore people.M. Bombet had known the Emperor:more than this, he had known Lord Byron.He had listened to " le celebre Monti "reciting nearly the whole of the first canto ofhis Mascheroniana at the table of the char- ming Marquis de Breme in Milano, and hehad talked with Haydn in his little room inthe house near the Barrier Maria Hielf, onone edge of Vienna. He had attendedperformances of the " Matrimonio Segreto " in Naples —he had indeed attended, andhe noted down at the time that " music wasa monarchy' the air reigned supreme ; theaccompaniments were only subjectsWho then was this M. Bombet whoseems to have known everyone worth knowing as the centuries were turning over a newleaf that the world might enjoy the peace andquiet of a blank page ? are you,M. Bombet? time is passing, we havereached 1830, and yet you let no one knowwho you are; you are forty-seven yearsof age and yet you have done nothing butlook around cities, and frequent the opeiaand the ballet. If you did not strike me atonce as rubicond and entirely easy I shouldsuspect- you of being an invalid : 1 shouldtell myself and my more innocent readerswho are so curious to know who you are,that you are slowly recovering from the rea- lization that the world has gone out. It issix years since your Lord Byron has diedand because he wrote to you that you were" one of thore for whose good opinion he Was"really ambitious", is that so entirely toovercome you that you cannot do somethingto show us what he meant, to testify withthe others that this immense Englishman wasone of the few men of discernment of theage. It is even longer since your Emperorpassed away, not merely to Saint Helena, butto rest—it is nine whole years. All thishas left you desolate, you are not yourself,poor M. Bombet. In fact you are dying,you die this very year, Sir, you destroyyourself; you pottered around until you pot- tered to death ; never has there been abetter potterer, because, with the poet andthe Emperor as it were in the limelight andalso in the pocket where you carried yoursnuff-box, you felt that the only thing a manof merit could do as these two strode alongwas to potter after.You went incessantly to the theatres,: pretending that theatres were the wholei world; you listened to music as though iti alone was the law: you peeped into citiesand recorded your visits and your pleasantdays because you were glad, so immensely happy, in those days to be one of a crowd,a nobody: and, my dear old Bombet, that'sexactly what you were, a perfect nobody.But when long after these two great menhad died, time had unrolled before your eyes atedious parade of very little men to see, thenyour love for those two friends moved in you,and inspired you, and you wrote your greatworks.How is it, M. Bombet, that you yourselfare practically forgotten; I regret you somuch, although I admire your metamorphosisin 1831 still more.lam sorry to lose you! No longer is ityou, my old friend Bombet, with smilingalert little face planted in a big neck-tie, whonow comes forward dressed as yourself; youdropped him, your old chum Bombet andyou have emerged all Stendhal, swornupholder of the spirit of man that had seemedto pass away but which you had called backfrom the grave or found wandering somewheretwixt St. Cloud and Missolonghi.With your two books Chartreuse and Rougeet Noir, you pin a decoration on the breastsof each of your two friends; immortal as theymade themselves, you add the only touch theylacked, lacking any other friend splendidenough to conceive it.You died after that, fully believing thatin about sixty years time you would be read,but not before then you thought. You wouldnot write for the living, for they were butlittle fleshly ghosts. You were very muchalone in the world, you man of the world. II. WHO else was breathing and walking inthose days ? Flaubert, Dickens, Heine,Wagner, Disraeli, but all very young ; all tobecome very fine and admirable artists, activecreatures, but few of them exactly men of theworld." Ce fut pendant l'automne de 1816, queje le rencontrai au theatre de la Scala, aMilan, dans la loge de M. Louis de Breme.Je fus frappe des yeux de Lord Byron aumoment oil il ecoutait un sestetto d'un operade Mayr intitule Elena. Je n'ai vu de mavie, rien de plus beau ni de plus expressif.Encore aujourd'hui, si je viens a penser al'expression qu'un grand peintre devrait donnerau genie, cette tete sublime reparait tout-a- coup devant moi. J'eus un instant d'enthou- siasme, et oubliant la juste repugnance quetout homme un peu fier doit avoir a se fairepresenter a un pair d'Angleterre, je priaiM. de Breme de m' introduire a Lord Byron,je me trouvai le lendemain a diner chez M.de Breme, avec lui, et le celebre Monti,l'immortel auteur de la Basvigliana. Onparla poesie, on en vint a demander quelsetaient les douze plus beaux vers faits depuisun siecle, en en Italien, en Anglais.Les Italiens presens s'accorderent a designerles douze premiers vers de la Mascheronianade Monti, comme ce que I'on avait fait deplus beau dans leur langue, depuis cent ans.Monti voulut bien nous les reciter. Je regardaiLord Byron, il fut ravi. La nuance de hau- teur, ou plutot I'air d'un homme qui se trouvea repousser une importuniie, qui deparait unpeu sa belle figure, disparut tout-a-coup pourfaire a l'expression du bonheur. Le premierchant de la Mascheroniana, qui Monti recitapresque en entier, vaincu par les acclamationsdes auditeurs, causa la plus vive sensation al'auieur de Childe Harold. Je n'oublieraijamais l'expression divine de ses traits; c'etaitI'air serein de la puissance et du genie, etsuivant moi, Lord Byron n'avait, en ce mo- ment, aucune affectation a se procher.Well then.But that was long ago —in 1816.Now it is 1831, which rolls over into'32, which rolls on and over into '33, andit was in these years that certain old persons,old men, old women and young ladies, no- bodies in fact, began to arise by the hundredinto an insignificant prominence.That Old Man of Dundee, for example,the Young Lady of Hull, The Old Personof Dutton, those Old Men of Melrose, ofthe Wrekin, of Mold, and those of Leeds,of Hurst, of Ryde and of Tring, and thatincipient old man in the casement.What was so remarkable about thesepeople was their fearlessness, their grief,their rapidity of motion, their amazement,their love of trees as a home, their excen- tricity, and their unabashed stupidity.They were always doing something exag- gerated and it was nothing; they were alwayssaying something far-fetched, and it was allnonsense. But they had one splendid trait; most ofthem walked on the tip of their toes, danced into and about Dutton, hopped with amaze- ment and grieved too, as Taglioni must haveorieved, like true dancers.Over these the Old Widow ot 'Windsorwas fated to rule, and Edward Lear was.to chronicle this small beer.He began to do this in 1832, the yearthat Walter Scott and Goethe died andBombet vanished, and he kept at it until 1836;it was a gloomy duty he performed at home till,having got to the end of this nonsensical chroni- cle of English cities, he turned to foreign ones.Then he perceived that in the otherislands, in Corfu, in Rhodes, in Jamaica, inMajorca, the people there were old persons,old men, young persons, and all as silly asin England; even in peninsulas he foundthem ; perceived that in Apulia, in Spain, inMoldavia he found this held good, and so heventured to enquire into the still further andmuch larger places, and found that in Russia,Kamslcatka, Calcutta, Peru, civilization hadreached the same point of excellent excentricitywhich was then so highly valued in Europe.Everyone was heard saying " Yes, there'sno nonsense about him" no matter whoit was. And Edward too—they were bring- ing him up.Young Mr. Lear was put immediately onthe right path ; he was given ample opportu- nity to display his talent,— a talent not parti- cularly obvious —and he was set the task ofdrawing the Family of the Psittacidae in theZoological Gardens.The Earl of Derby then employed him,he was persuaded to depict all the animals inthe Knowsley Menagerie.And, as he drew these day by day, hewould sing to himself of far off lands. Forsome reason unknown to the quite placid hewanted to get away; 1834, 1835, 1836 and1837 dragged on; Edward still sits beforethe stable door at Knowsley and with a finecamel hair brush touches in the fetlocks ofDerby's charger. 1838, 1839,... 1840.... andthank God that's over ....1847. III. 18 4 7 WHERE wanders Edward Lear, so lonelyand so funny?Edward Lear in his spectacles, in this year 1847, has stolen away like Bombet onthe tip of his toes, from that dear damnedold Knowsley to look at the scenery. Donot suspect me of stagey matters, 1 meanbetter than that. Lear felt it as did M.Bombet, that there had been a scene, a " fullset " as it's called, behind the great menwhile they strode their hour upon their stage,and it is to get a glimpse of that that EdwardLear goes south." Let me search " he seems to say, " for nomore persons since none remain—places now.He may have hated the Emperor, mayhave said so in a letter; I know he didn t,and Byron was ever in his heart. He wastoo young even to have seen or known them,but he could actually have met that nonen- tity Bombet, for Lear was born in. 18 i 2, andwhen in 183! M. Bombet turned from aFrench chrysalis into a glorious Butterfly ofwhich only one example was ever known,Edward Lear would have been in his nine- teenth year. Bombet dying in 1842, Learhad ten whole years in which, by chance,to come across him in some cafe or a theatreand exchange a little greeting. But, 1842having sounded from all the bells, in all thesteeples, Bombet too went to rest and Learsoon after began laughing to himself, singing•" There was an Old Man who Said Hush.... "keeping it up and keeping it going, untilafter giving some few drawing lessons tothe young Queen Victoria, off he ran tohviclOn July 25th in 1847, Edward Learstood on the coast of Messina and, lookingacross the straits to the opposite shore, heard,or liked to think he heard, the large dogsbarking in Reggio Calabria, for so the guidebooks told him, " you shall hear the greatdogs barking across the straits, and see thelofty cloud-topped A.spromonte and the pearl- pale cliffs of BagnaraOn June Ist 1927, I was fortunate enoughto hold the first of Lear's " Journals " inmy hands and to be reading of this Landscapepainter's travels on foot through Southern Ca- labria, and a few days later I took up the second" Journal " of this same Landscape painter,made while he travelled in Albania, and inthis second book it was I came once more across my Lord Byron, and the bell ringingbrought me a volume of Byron's " Letters "and there I came across M. Bombet mas- querading for some unknown reason under theguise of a certain M. Henri Beyle-If they had been all strangers to oneanother and to me, what would it have mat- tered? but to meet them via Calabra andAlbania up at Genova (whence the poetwrote to Beyle) and to follow on into Vienna(for I followed Beyle at Byron's directions)until I came across Beyle Bombet again, ...tohave it all go thus was something that doesnot always happen. So here they had allcome together, and here and now this wordwhile still they are together, and indeed themore they are together the happier I'll be. IV. There was a young girl of MajorcaWhose aunt was a very fast walker AND Lear was assuredly no mean pedestrian:He must have walked considerably morethan seventy miles and leaped at least fifteenstiles, but for all that he returned in theevening to Anerly, which is, they say, astone's throw from Adevoyle.When we travel with Lear, if the bellsof his mule jingle to the slightly monotonoustune of " the old man of Thermopylae " it willnot matter, for it is all of a piece with someof the nonsense we shall get in the day'smarch: while around and afar off, are heightsand gulfs, immense and peopled with a raceof giants.This spectacled Quixote in quest oflandscapes went for some purpose other thansketching peaks and dotting down horizons.At least many of the giants amongst whomhe went thought so. To tell them " Ihave come to find the scenes in which mygreat friends once played their parts, to re- capture a last glimpse of those settings tothe great opera now played no more " wouldnot have astonished them more than what hedid say, which was that he left Reggio tosee Gioiosa and Bagnara. " But are youmad?" they asked him, " you leave the glo- rious and civilized city of Reggio which weall are longing some day to see again, to cometo these hideous forlorn places, Perche? " 1 have talked enough, and would like youto read some of Edward Lear's descriptions,especially one of the gentleman of Calabria,who, no matter what he did or said askedhim "why?". V. LEAR had with him his friend P.; also agreat Calabrian fellow, a guide andservant found in Reggio whom he calls" Dighi-Doghi-Da, but by name Ciccio.This Ciccio would end most of his conver- sations with the refrain " Di'ghi doghi da ordfghi doghi si, sometimes reducing it to two orthree syllables—to ddghi da or even to thedecisive da.The three of them walked the whole way,stopping when possible either at a bit of aninn or at some castle or palace to the ownerof which they had introductions from theConsigliere da Nava, a man of influence inReggio and known to all the Calabresi; fifteensuch introductions he gave thern, and onthese they could nearly always count toprocure a good (or bad) bed and a famousor infamous meal.All that and the wonderful walk itselfyou must go and find in the Lear volumes; all1 can put before you are some scraps—something perhaps better than nothing. (I) Journals of a Landscape Painter in Southern Cala- bria etc., by Edward Lear. Richard Bently, New BurlingtonStreet, Publisher in Ordinary to Her Majesty. 1852. (i) First although it was the second to appear. AT THE CASA SCAGLIONE BY EDWARD LEAR ||]f A gust 11 1847. At twelve we dined atJi the Casa Scaglione. This is a very well- bred and agreeable family in essentials,although there are certain Calabrian modesand usages less refined than those of thenorthern provinces among families of a similarclass.Donna Peppina Scaglione, the eldest bro- ther's wife, is very pretty and lady-like inappearance, and with, agreeable manners.Then there are the brothers, Don Nicolaand Don Gaetano, the Canonico, and DonAbennate, a priest of Stilo, staying in thehouse as a guest, and little Don Cicile, theheir, of five or six years old, a quaint littleCalabrian, full of joy and fun. f heir familydinner consisted of soup, iisii, boiled andfried meat, and potatoes, all plain and ex- cellent. After dinner, the last act of which wasto imbibe sundry glasses of an old wine,much esteemed by the Calabresi, and calledGreco, we adjourned to the great show-room,or salone, of the Palazzo, the view fromwhich eastward is most splendid. Here DonPasquale showed us a large collection ofLocrian, Syracusan, Roman and other coinsfound in the neighbourhood, after which ourgood host victimised us fearfully by readingaloud chapter after chapter of a work which heis writing on Locris—an " opus magnum ,v/hich, however learned, was vastly dull. Allhints about repose were vain; so when Pfell fast asleep, and I was nearly followinghis example, I was about to beg we mightretire, when the author himself yawned, andpaused, and fell into the arms of the drowsygod, whereupon the committee of literaturewas broken up nem. con." VI. A DINNER AT STIGNANO. August 15th .... But it must beconfessed that life at Stignano is opressive.The famiglia Caristo would never leave usalone; when they do not catechise, theystand in a row and stare at us with all theirmight; and the grand paternal Caristo is athoroughly scrutinising and insatiable bore.At dinner, also, there was a most confusedassemblage of large dogs under the tablewho fought for casual crumbs and bones, andwhen they did not accidentally bite one's ex- tremities, rushed, wildly barking, all aboutthe little room.But the most remarkable accident duringour stay was caused by a small juvenileCaristo who, during the midday meal, clim- bed abruptly on to the table, and beforehe could be rescued, performed a seriesof struggles among the dishes, which endedby the little pickle's losing his balanceand colapsing suddenly in a sitting postureinto the very middle of the maccaroni dish,from which P . . and I rejoiced to think wehad been previously helped. One sees inValentines Cupids on beds of roses, or onbird's nests; but a slightly-clothed Calabreseinfant sitting in the midst of a hot dish ofmaccaroni appears to me a perfectly novelidea. AT S T I L O . 4JT August 16th 1847. There is, however,but little to note in the house or household of Don Ettore Marzano, except thatall was perfectly orderly and agreeable.The only trait which was so uncommon asto be at all worth recording, was that adomestic stood at meal-time close to thetable and in order to dissipate the flys, whichat this season are a legion, flapped a longflapper of feathers, Laputa-wise, close to ourfaces. No sooner did we begin to speakthan whizz-flick down came the flapper, soas to render conversation a rather difficulteffort. VII. CASTEL VETORE ill August 18.- 1847. Long before sunrise.Once more upon the road.- .... All na- ture was deep grey and brown - no rock lit upby the yet hidden sun—as we descended thevalley of the Stillaro, and retraced our stepsas far as Stignano, the home of the queru- lous Caristo family, and the scene of themaccaronithroned infant. Leaving the townon our left, we plunged into a deep vale betweenolive-clothed slopes, and, climbing up theopposite side, were soon in Motta Placanica,one of the mo3t truly characteristic of Cala- brian towns .... Motta Placanica seems constructedto be a wonder to passers-by. Long welingered to draw this most singular place;and, leaving it by a steep descent, we cameto the valley of the Paganiti, crossing it andwinding up the height on its farther side,whence the rock of Motta Placanica appearedlike a giant king of nine-pins, as seen edge- ways against the sky—no one of its buildingsbut the crowning castle being visible. Hencealso, the eye ranged beyond the river Alaro,which we Had crossed on our way to Rocella,the high hill and walls of Castel Vetere(representative of the ancient Caulon (I)), atown built on one of those isolated hills which, to antiquarians, at once proclaim an ancientsite. By the aid of the placid Ciccio andhis horse, we crossed the swollen river, and,ascending wearily to the town, found it, thoughmean in appearance from below, full ofhouses of a large size and indicating wealthand prosperity.To that of Don llario Asciutti we went,narrowly escaping the mid-day autumn thun- der-storm, and found a large mansion; with ahall and staircase, ante-room, and drawing- room very surprising as to dimensions andfurniture; the walls were papered, and hungwith mirrors, prints, etc., cheffoniers, tables,and a book-case adorned the sides of therooms, and there were footstools with otherunwonted objects of trans-Calabrian luxury.The famiglia Asciutti were polite and mostfriendly; there were two smart sons, just comefrom college at Naples; a serene and silentfather; and last, not least, an energetic andastute grandsire, before whose presence allthe rest were as nothing. The Nonno (l)Asciutti was as voluble as Conte Garrolo;but with more connected ideas and sentences,and with an overpowering voice; an expres- sion of " L'etat c'est moi " in all he saidand did. The old gentleman surprised usnot a little by his information on the subjectson which (apropos de bottes) he held forth—the game laws of England, and Magna Charta,the Reformation, the Revolution of 1688,Ireland, and the Reform Bill. He was beco- ming diffuse on European politics, havingalready discussed America and the Canadas,and glanced slightly at slavery, the East andthe West Indies and the sugar trade, whento our great satisfaction, all this learning, sowonderful in the heart of Magna-Grecia wasput a stop to by the announcement of dinner.The silent son, and the two gay grandsons,listen to their elder relative's discourse, buttook no part therein; and we, however su- perior the matter of the oration might be,greatly longed to exchange the orator fordear, little fussy Conte Garrolo.In the large dining-room were assembledmany female and juvenile Asciutti, all veryugly; hitherto we are not struck by Calabriafemale beauty in the higher orders, thoughmany of the peasant girls are pretty. Theladies spoke nothing during dinner, and the whole weight of the oral entertainment fellon the erudite grandfather, who haranguedloftily from his place at the end of the table.It was Wednesday, and there was no meat,as is usual on that day in South Italian fa- milies. "It would be better," said the au- thoritive elder, "If there were no such athing as meat—nobody ought to eat any meat.The Creator never intended meat, that is theflesh of quadrupeds, to be eaten. No goodChristian ought to eat flesh—and why? Thequadruped works for man while alive, and itis a shame to devour him when dead. Thesheep gives wool, the ox ploughs, the cowgives milk, the goat cheese,".—" Cosa fannoper noi i jepri? " (I)—whispered one of thegrandsons- " Statevi zitt'!" (2) shouted theorator. " But fish," continued he—" what dothey do for us? Does a mullet plough? Cana prawn give milk? Has a tunny any wool?No. Fish and birds also were therefore createdto be eaten." A wearisome old man wasthe Asciutti Nonno! but the alarming pointof his character was yet to be made knownto us. No sooner, dinner being over, didwe make known our intention of proceedingto sleep at Gioiosa on account of our limitedtime, then we repented having visited CastelVetere at all. "O cielo! o rabbia! o chemai sento? o chi sono? o chi siete? " (3)screamed the Nonno, in a paroxysm of rage." What have I done that you will not stay?How can I bear such an insult! Since Ca- labria was Calabria, no such affront has everbeen offered to a Calabrian! Go whyshould you go?" In vain we tried to as- suage the grand-sire's fury. We had stayedthree days in Gerace, three in Reggio, twoin Bova and in Stilo, and not one in CastelVetere! The silent father looked mournful,the grandsons implored; but the wrathful oldgentleman, having considerably endangeredthe furniture by kicks and thumps, finallyrushed down stairs in a frenzy, greatly to ourdiscomfiture.The rest of the family were distressedseriously at this incident, and on my sendinga message to beg that he would show us anew palazzo he was constructing (himself thearchitect), for the increased accomodation of the family Asciutti, he relented so far as toreturn, and after listening favourably to ourencomiastic remarks, bade us a final farewellwith a less perturbed countenance andspirit PERCHE. €J . . . . By taking a route parallel to thecoast, as far as the Fiume Romano, whichwe ascended for an hour, till we arrivedat Gioiosa apparently a large and well-builttown, on the banks of a narrow part of thestream. The house of the Baron Rivettini,to whom we had letters, was large and impo- sing, but the Baron was not within, and theservants, with none of that stranger-helpingalacrity of hospitality, so remarkable in morenorthern provinces of the Regno di Napoli,appeared too much amazed at the suddenarrival of " due forestieri," (I) to do anythingbut contemplate us; and, to speak truth,neither our appearence, considering we hadtoiled through some rain and much dirt allthe afternoon, nor our suite, consisting of aman and a horse, were very indicative ofbeing " comme il faut." With difficulty weobtained leave to rest in a sort of ante-office,half stable, half kitchen, while a messengercarried our letter of introduction to the BaronRivettini. When he returned, quoth he, "TheBaron is playing at cards, and cannot be in- terrupted; but, as there is no locanda in thetown, you may sleep where you are." Un- washed, hungry, and tired as we were, asseeing that there was nothing but an old rugbyway of furniture in this part of the Baron'spremises, we did not feel particularly gratifiedby this permission, the more that P. wasrather unwell, and I feared he might havean attack of fever; neither did the dome- stics offer us caffe, or any other mitigation ofour wayfaring condition."Is there no Caffe? " " Non c' e " (2)"No wine? " " Non ch " "No light ? "" Non c' e " It was all " Non c' e". Sosaid I, " Show me the way to the housewhere the Baron is playing at cards." Butthe proposal was met with a blank silence,wholly unpropitious to our hopes of a night'slodging; and it was not until after I hadrepeated my request several times, that a man could be persuaded to accompany me to alarge Palazzo at no great distance, the welllighted lower story of which exhibited offices,barrels, sacks, mules, etc., all indicative ofthe thriving merchant. In a spacious saloneon the first floor sate a party playing at cards,and one of them a minute gentleman, with aform more resembling that of a sphere thanany person I ever remember to have seen,was pointed out to me as the Baron by theshrinking domestic who had thus tar pilotedme. But excepting by a single glance at me,the assembled company did not appear awareof my entrance, nor, when I addressed theBaron by his name, did he break off thethread of his employment, otherwise than bysaying, " Uno, due, tre,—signore, si—quattro,cinque,—servo suo, fanno quindici." (1)" Has your Excellency received an intro- ductionary letter from the Cavalier de Nava? "said I." Cinque, sei,—si, signore, fanno un- did, " (2) said the Baron, timidly. Thisthought I, is highly mysterious." Can I and my travelling companionlodge in your house, Signor Baron, until to- morrow ?""Tree sei fanno nove, " (3) pursued theBaron, with renewed attention to the game." Ma perche, (4) signore?"" Perche, {5) there is no inn in this town;and, perche, I have brought you a letter ofintroduction," rejoined I." Ah, si si si, signore, pray favour meby remaining at my house.—Two and sevenare nine—eight and eleven are nineteen."And again the party went on with theGiuoco.There was an expression of doubt andmystery on the faces of all the party, which,however, did not escape my observation,and I felt sure, as I left the room, thatsomething was wrong; though like KingCoal's prophet of traditional celebrity, " Iknew not what that something could be."When I returned to the Palazzo Rivettini,all the scene was changed. Coffee was broughtto us, and a large room was assigned for ouruse. While all the natural impulse of Cala- brese hospitality seemed, for a time at least,to have overpowered the mysterious spell which,from some unknown cause, appeared to oppressthose inhabitants of Gioiosa with whom wewere brought in contact. But the magicatmosphere of doubt and astonishment returnedin full force as other persons of the town cameinto the evening conversation. Few wordswerfe said but those of half-suppressed curio- sity as to where we came from; and theglobose little Baron himself gradually confinedhis observations to the single interrogative,"Perche?" which he used in a breathlessmanner, on the slightest possible provocation.Supper followed, every part of the entertain- ment arrayed with the greatest attention toplenty and comfort; but the whole circleseemed ill at ease, and regarded our looksand movements with unabated watchfulness,as if we might explode, or e:cape throughthe ceiling at any unexpected moment; sothat both hosts and guests seemed but toowell pleased when we returned to our roomand the incessant " Perche? perche? perche?"was for this evening, at least, silenced.By all this mystery—so very unusual tothe straightforward and cordial manners ofthese mountaineers there was left on mymind a distinct impression of some supposedor anticipated evil. " Coming events casttheir shadows before."August 19. As usual, we rose beforesunrise. "O Dio! perche?" said the dimi- nutive Baron Rivettini, who was waitingoutside the door lest perhaps we might haveattempted to pass through the keyhole. Asuite of large drawingrooms was thrown open,and thither caffe was brought with the mostpunctilious ceremony. My suspicions of lastnight were confirmed by the great precisionwith which our passports were examined, andby the minute manner in which every parti- cular relating to our eyes, noses, and chins,was written down; nor was it until afterendless interrogatories and more " perches "than are imaginable, that we were released.But our usual practice of taking a small pieceof bread with our coffee renewed the universalsurprise and distrust of our hosts." Pane! " said the Baron, " perche pane?O cielo! "" I never take sugar," said P..., as somewas offered to him." Sant* Antonio, non prendete zucchero ? Perche? O Dio! perche mai non prendetezucchero? " (l)We want to make a drawing of yourpretty little town," said I; and, in spite of aperfect hurricane of " pe out we rushed,followed by the globular Baron, in the mostlively state of alarm, down the streets, acrossthe river on stepping-stones, and up the op- posite bank, from the steep cliffs of which,over hung with oak foliage, there is a beau- tiful view of Gioiosa on its rock." O per carita! o cielo! o san Pietro!cosa mai volete fare?" said the Baron, as Iprepared to sit down." I am going to draw for half-an-hour,"said 1." Ma—-perche? "" And now I sat working hard for nearlyan hour, during all which time the perplexedBaron walked round and round me, occasionallyuttering a melancholy.—" O signore, ma perche ? "" Signore Barone," said I, when I haddone my sketch, " We have no towns in ourcountry so beautifully situated as Gioiosa! "" Ma perche? " quoth he.I walked a little way and paused to ob- serve the bee-eaters (2) which were flitteringthrough the air above me, and under thespreading oak branches."Per l'amor del cielo, cosa guardate ?cosa mai osservate?" &lt;3) said the Baron." I am looking at those beautiful bluebirds."" Perche?perche? perche?"" Because they are so very pretty, andbecause we have none like them in England."" Ma perche? perche? "It was evident that do or say what Iwould, some mystery was connected witheach action and word so that, in spite of thewhimsical absurdity of these eternal whatfors and whys, it was painful to see that,although our good little host strove to givescope to his hospitable nature, our stay causedmore anxiety than pleasure. Besides, hiswhole demeanour so strongly reminded oneof Croaker—" do you forsee anything, child?you look as if you did. I think if anythingwas to be forseen, I have as sharp a look out as another,"—that it was no easy task to pre- serve a proper degree of gravity.His curiosity, however, was to be triedstill further; for, having heard that Gioiosawas famous for the manifacture of sugarplumsor confetti, we had resolved to take somehence to Gerace, to give little Cicillo andMaria Scaglione; but when we asked whereconfetti could be purchased, the poor Baronbecame half breathless with astonishment andsuspense, and could only utter, from time totime, " Non e possibile! Non e possibile!O gran cielo! Confetti? confetti? Percheconfetti? Non e possibile," (l) We proved,however that sugarplums we were determinedto have, and forthwith got the direction to aconfectioner's, whither we went and boughtan immense quantity, the mystified Baron,following us to the shop, saying continually" Perche, perche Confetti? O Cielo! perche? "We then made all ready to start with thefaithful Ciccio, and, not unwillingly, tookleave of the Palazzo Rivettini, the anxiousBaron thrusting his head from a window, andcalling out, " Ma fermatevi, perche? Percheandatevi? statevi a pranzo, perche no? Per- che uceili? Perche disegni? Perche confetti?Perche perche? perche? till thelast " perche" was lost in the distance aswe passed once more round the rock, andcrossed the river Romano. Lear and the guide tramped on for anotherfourteen doys covering mile upon mile untilthe date September 2nd. IP7 September 2 ... . At the hour of onein the night we reached Reggio, andhere the secret divulged itself at once.How strange was that scene! All thequiet town was brilliantly lighted up; andevery house illuminated; no women or chil- dren were visible, but troops of men, bytwentys and thirtys, all armed, and precededby bands of music and banners inscribed," Viva Pio IX; " or " Viva la costituzione,"were parading the high street from endto end.Co x'e stata, (3- Ciccio ? " said I.O non vedete," said the unhappy mu- leteer with a suppressed groan. " O nonvedete? e uno rivoluzione! Dighi, doghi, da!"No one took the least notice of us as wepassed along, and we soon arrived at Gior- dano's Hotel. The doors were barred, norcould I readily gain admittance; at length thewaiter appeared, but he was uproariouslydrunk."Is signor P.... arrived by the boatfrom Messina? " said I." O che barca! O che Messina! O chebella rivoluzione! Ai! ao! Orra birra burra- ba! " was the reply." Fetch me the keys of my room," saidI; "I want to get at my roba" O che chiavi! O che camera! O cheroba! ai, ai,! "" But where are the keys?" I repeated."Non ci sono piu chiavi, " screamedthe excited cameriere; " non ci sono piupassaporti; non ci sono piu Re, piu legge—piu giudici—piu niente—non x'e altro cheI'amore la liberta—l'amicizia, e' la costitu- zione—eccovi la chiave—ai! o-o-o-o-orrabirra ba!! " (l)AND these are one or two of the pagesfrom the Journals of the lonely Lear—who wrote the ballad which begins:The Owl and the pussy Cat went to seaIn a beautiful pea-green boat.He wrote it for Janet daughter of Mr. andMrs. J. A. S.I do not know a more lonely man thanLear as he set forth on his last sketchingtour into Corsica: that was in 1868. Youwill read that book of his last.don't forget that I brought it toyour notice.These astonishingly good volumes werenever brought to my notice by anyone / know.The first 1 heard of them was when lookinginto an Italian guide to Calabria 1 foundLear quoted therein by the Italian author.In no work by an English author have I comeacross one reference to Lear's three books,though probably some have referred to him.shouldn t look for word about him inEnglish guides, but I think I ought long agoto have come across this book in "The Everyman Series" or in some Routledgereprint; but no one except John Ruskinseems to have pointed out to us this specta- cled writer as a writer of exceptional booksworthy to be read and re-read, since to readonce is perforce to read over and over again.As for his drawings, they show us theplaces he stopped in for six or eight hours;to me they will be ever delightful, but possiblyyou will have to pass the middle of life tofind them enchanting.I had much more to say; —if I have notwritten it, it was because I felt that in Learand in Bombet there talks a whole life, and,when you read Bombet and Lear, you willunderstand and may be almost as inarticulateas I am here. (i) Caulon. antiquaries agree in placing at or near CastelVetere. Pacichelli speaks of its splendid and regular fortress,and its palace belonging to the Caralfa Family. The Asciuttiare named by him as an old family. The modern townstands between the rivers Alaro and Musa, but from earth- quakes or other causes, is now in a very ruinous conditionexcepting a new quarter of the town which is in process ofbuilding. (i) Grandfather. (1) What do the hares do for us?(2) Hold your tongue !(3) Oh heavens ! Oh rage ! Oh what do I hear ! Ohwho am I ? Oh who are you ? (1) Two strangers.(2) There is none. (1) One, two, three, —yes, sir,—four, five,—your servantsir,—make fifteen.(2) Five. Six,-yes, sir,—make eleven.(3) Three and six are nine.(4) But why, Sir f(5) Here pcvchb is also used in the second sense " be- cause (1) Do you not take sugar? etc,(2) Merops Apiaster.(3) For the love of heaven, what are you looking at?what have you seen. (i) It is not possible! It is not possible! Oh greatHeavens! sugarplums sugarplums etc.do you go? stay to dinner; why not?why birds ? why drawings ? why sugarplums, etc.(3) What has happened ? (i) lheie ate no more keys there are no more pass- ports- no more Kings, no more laws, no more nothings!Nothing but love and liber(y, friendship and constitution! here s the key! A LETTER FROM DENMARKON THE THEATRE. Ebbe de Neergaard. DENMARK is not very different from the rest ofEurope, and* neither is Denmark's theatre. Somepeople say that our land is a little sleepy but otherpeople tell us that is only gentleness. And some peoplesay, we are a little off the beaten high-way of the greatworld. Still I don't think we are really very much dif- ferent from the rest of the world, and if somebody saysM there is something rotten in the State of Denmark *\maybe he is right, too; we may take Denmark as a type.We have got a society here, called Skiteespillerforbundet(The Actors Union). About May Ist it held a meeting todiscuss " The Modern Theatre", and a middle-aged andfresh-minded actor and manager, Axel Garde, gave a briefsketch of how he wanted to start and run a popular theatrefor modern art. The people present, actors (the very leading ones weremissing) and critics (some of them) and some authors, saidsome pleasant things, but rather sceptical in tone. Onlyone old poet, a writer of children's poems, said that hethought it would be easy to get together some twentyyoung and younger actors, willing to sacrifice their timeand strength in an experimental theatre, and on sharingterms. Then up started the chairman and said, that bothin this union (which is really nothing but a regular tradeunion, concerned with little but economical questions) andin the dramatists* union too, he was sure they would seeto it that the utmost care should be taken to guarantee thatall actors and authors should have their fixed and regularpay, and he thought that it would be an extremely dif- ficult task to find any actors willing to take any economicalrisk whatever. The economical side of the question must bemade secure before a new theatre could be started : thoughof course the Art is the most important, he wound up,and a large majority cheered and clapped their hands fran- tically. Meanwhile the spirit of idealistic sacrifice groan- ed and shivered outside in the dark wet streets. Another example. A young actor, Borge MuncKPe- tersen, recently wanted to start an experimental stage. Hisnotion was to perform the Cochu Magnifique on one eve- ning, to be followed on the next evening by three smallplays, Synge's 44 Riders to the Sea ", Stravinsky's 44 Storyof a Soldierand a wild farce by a very clever youngDane, Sven Clausen. He also planned to present smallplays, of the length of a cinema-performance, inside anenclosure of planks, between two huge naked gables at theend of a cul-de-sac in the middle of the city of Co- penhagen. Again, with the aid of an architect, he wouldconstruct a car in which to travel about the country andin five minutes adapt it into a little stage on which heproposed to give small performances, etc.He got together some money, somehow ; he got holdof a celler and a modern P. H. lamp and began rehear- sals with a small groups of young actors, who seemed tobe quite enthusiastic. But before long they began to missrehearsals ; one young actress simply must go to that dinner- party, another young actor had to appear at a certaindance. Then there was a bourgeois charity-performanceat a fine hotel and a number of actors and actresses mustpositively attend because all society would be there: awhile later there were some Greek Recitals, too, which theyabsolutely could not miss.Some clever people had been at the rehearsals of theseyoung people, and they thought it all very fresh and promi- sing. But Mitnch-Petersen had to give it a/1 up, becausehis young people were not serious enough about it. Oh,there were so many other things to attend to, you see.Added to this they got no immediate pay: besides, younever knew, perhaps the bougeois-public would not likethe plays or give them their applause, immediately, andthese young actors could not possibly wait and hope andwork on and see it through... it is all given up now.Maybe that white-haired optimistic children's poet whospoke at the meeting of the Actor's Union was quitewrong: for they would not come, that dozen or so of youngactors and actresses. And so the slow tram of Thaliarolls on, along the old beaten track.The event of the Copenhagen season is the return ofAnna Pavlova after nineteen years. And of course that wassplendid and all that, but is that the new movement ? Hardly.But maybe it is only in the State of Denmark?s Thea- tre, that there is something rotten. Or is it so abroad,too ? Tell me, please !Or is it really the Theatre, which is rotten ? The Thea- tre itself. I mean, haven't we got a mass of fine thingsto act and haven't the actors got an excellent tecnique.Well then ?No: there is something in the actor's mind which isrotten, a tiny spot timid and philistine, afraid of risking asafe income in order to risk a little, or a lot, for thechance of great and fresh new Art of our Time.The duty of actors is to express their time through anold medium (Shakespeare, for instance) or a modern one.But 1 am afraid they have realized the truth, that it is moresafe (economically, not artistically) to express the time of,say, Ibsen, that time of old dead naturalism.Should the actors of our time jeopardize their presentsafe trade-union wages, (which after long struggling theyhave secured at last and to which they have a good right,of course) ? should they hug their economical standard 0R..?Well, 44 To be or not to be, that is the question".Should the actor 44 be ", or should the art be ? 1 just putthe question. I cannot find it in my mind to answer. CORRESPONDENCE. THEATRICAL Fanny Hepworth. SIR: —It seems to me that until the Theatre has become un- theatrical it will not be acceptable in England.The English are kind people: there is very little theyharden their hearts against; but one thing they will notand can not permit, and that is the Theatrical.1 remember during the war the headline of a leadingarticle in a famous daily :" THE THEATRICAL KAISER "This was the knock-out blow. After having said that,the wrath of the people of England reached a fury it ne- ver would have attained to by merely calling him a murde- rer, an assassin or a Hell-hound.The same journal favours Mussolini, so it says nothingabout his theatricality, but other organs of public opinion,seeking to belittle this great personality, refer to him as" theatricalAs writers in your magazine have often pointedout, the unforgiveable thing about Shakespeare is that heis far too often theatrical ; that all his work was made fora theatre is of no account; it may have been so, say theEnglish, but none the less it is highly reprehensible that itshould be so theatrical.It is net Napoleon's politics, nor his wars, nor hismurders, which offend the English : it is his theatricality.The success of any English playhouse is assured oncewill ridicule the theatrical: this fact has contributed nota iitle to the success of Mr. Nigil Playfair.Let but the Theatre deride its own essence, there ismoney in it.When a friendly critic discovers that a performance is" artistic" he does so very often so as to save the showfrom being damned as "showy". Critics are far kinderthan is supposed. A critic will uphold an actor for twenty- five years by using the adjective " gentlemanly " in placeof " stagey ". " He was very gentlemanly ...this decidesthirty thousand people to see the performance who theday before, hearing that the actor was rather given toacting, had instantly purposed not, on any account, to men- tion his name, let alone go and see him.So long as an actress is charming, intellectual, touching,her success is assured ; but dare once to say she acted asthough the devil were in her, and all is up in amoment. Thus we have travelled far from the days when Voltairedemanded first of all of a young actress that she shoulddevelope •• le diable au corps".An instance occurs to me of something theatricalwhich affected a very large body of people.I was once at Eastbourne when the whole esplanade,stretching for over two miles, was densely packed with vi- sitors enjoying the mild weather. It was, I remember,something after eight o'clock.The sea was calm, the band playing, there was not acloud in the sky. Fisherfolk were hauling in their nets,children were being allowed to stay up half an hour lon- ger because it was such a mild and lovely evening.But suddenly, as though a panic had seized the throng,everyone was wrapping up; hats were banged on heads,parasols caught up, nurses called to take in the childrenimmediately; and in less than three minutes the esplanadewas deserted, and the blinds of all the hotels along thefront were down.I remained alone wondering what could have been thecause for this sudden rout, when, turning to look out tosea, the whole matter was explained in one instant. The moon was rising. THE SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL FUND. A Journalist. StR,In this matter of the Americans and the ShakespeareMemorial yours is the correct spirit and 44 The Mask"does its duty to England by standing to the flag as itdoes.It was of course not an officially authorized expeditionwhich was sent to America to collect funds. HisMajesty the King is the Patron of the Shakespeare Me- morial Theatre (Incorporated by Royal Charter) and ifMr. A. D. Flower of Stratford-upon-Avon and others wentto America to gather funds for this theatre they went asindividuals and on their own responsability.It is said that the American Committee of the Fundinvited him to go, and doubtless the Governors of theTheatre murmured 44 Not a bad idea....go, Flower, go, mydear chap It's a stunt, not an idea, and quite theslackest recorded in History.Yet look at the other side of the case for a moment.The sum of £ 250,000 was wanted for fourobjects:1. To build a new Theatre.2. 1 o provide sceneries and costumes for a completecycle of Shakespeare plays.3. To organize Companies of Players to do severaltasks.4. To found a School of Dramatic Art.England in two years raised £ 50,000, iet onefifth of the sum needed. What was Mr. Flower to do,what could the Governors say but 44 Go, Flower, go, mydear boy, go to America by all meansNow why was only £ 50,000 subscribed by Eng- land?Simply because the whole scheme was mismanaged.Had the Daily Mail taken it in hand, I, for one,do not doubt but that half a million would have beenraised within a year.Faithfully AMERICAN HELP:—WHYNOT? I. Moser Lewis. SIR,I read in an American paper thatPEOPLE OF MANY LANDS WILL HELPTO REBUILD THE BURNEDTHEATRE THAT STOOD BESIDETHE AVON AT STRATFORD.The notion that we in England cannot rebuild ourDramatist his Theatre without the dollars from Americaseems to be gaining ground.Why shouldn't America " show its gratitude", whyshould not others '• help'' and " sit at the feet of sogreat a man"? as they say: These and other like ques- tions are flung at those of us who once thought that wecould manage this and like little affairs by ourselves.Yet I too have come to ask myself why should notAmericans help and show their gratitude if they wish tohelp and show gratitude.The principal argument against it is that recently wehave been given a clear proof from America that in anysuch matter the Americans are out to get far more thanthey give. It may not be in any way a gift of gratitude,but a bargain.Doubtless in America there can be found many a manand woman to give solely to help and without dreamingof any return.But, as the American Lawyer, Mr. Peabody, recentlypointed out in a letter to Congress, " while the advancesmade to Great Britain during the War were made toprovide for their own security and defence and were giftsnot loans to be repaid when the time had gone by, thesegifts, this help, was made out to be a strictly businessaffair ".We had to pay. We paid.In ten or twenty years from now we and our sons mayfind ourselves told to repay this gift from America, torepay it one way or another.We may have to hand over to America the entireacting, publishing and film rights of " The Merchant ofVenice" because of a clause in the bond. It is quitepossible, fantastic as it may sound.Sincerely, GIVING THE WRONG IMPRESSION. Englishman. CiR,lt seems to me extraordinary that by asking for moneyfrom foreign peoples we should advertise far and wide toevery one in the world that we are too poor to support,house and adequately produce the works of our NationalDramatist.Without wishing to add to the labours of Mr.Baldwin, is it too late, I wonder, for our government tomove in this matter of the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre,because the spectacle of unauthorized little bodies ofpeople in Europe, Asia, America and Africa goinground with the hat on Shakespeare's and England's behalfsomehow does not strike one as a spectacle warranted toencourage a right understanding of Great Britain's power,or resources.Faithfully, FOREIGN NOTES. NEWYORK. K. Reinhardt* s Production of " A Midsummer Night'sDream " at the Century Theatre. IT was quite a clever notion of Professor Reinhardt's toput this proposition to Professor Strnad his designer,•• Give me thirty different possibilities of entrance from airand earth in your scene and that's all I want ".It's a typical Reinhardt order.What also is just as typical is his plunging the wood- land scenes in darkness.The Midsummer Night's Dream must have no darknessin it.If a producer plays with this easy notion of darknessin his early experiments he does no harm, but to abideby it past middle age is for the eventide to fall very fastindeed.Reinhardt is well supported here. Not only by hisspecial Public but by many of the critics. He is asusual exceptionally well supported by his assistants Strnadand a group of first class by Moissi, Solvegand the Thimig family and by Ernest de Weerth hiscostumier in chief.Meantime this method of producing Shakespeare isnow twenty years old or even older: the method used ofTairoff and Meyerhold in Russia was born old .... and Iawait something new. That is to say, I await the ge- nuine way of doing this difficult task.That it is difficult grows more obvious every time onesees the pains taken to avoid the genuine solution of theproblem.Were I ever prophetic I should be inclined to predict that this solution must come from England. BOOK REVIEWS. THE LETTERS OF RICHARDWAGNER. Selected and Edited byProf. Wilhelm Altmann. Translatedby A/. M. Bozman. With illustra- tions and two facsimile letters. 2 Vo- lumes. J. M. Dent &amp; Sons. PriceJO/6 net each volume. THE Fashion Richard Wagner lastedlong. He was not the Fashionduring his life, then he died and becamethe craze.It is of no importance at all whe- ther a great artist becomes the Fashionor not, and Richard Wagner was in- dubitably a great artist..You may be tired even of hearing hisname today, but then Cimarosa s namebored you once. Monteverde's youmistake for Giuseppe Verdi s and In- genieri has a name you can t pronounceif by chance you should have to bebored by any such attempt. You arebored because you are a bore; itis no reader of "The Mask I amaddressing as * you *; it s that unfor- tunate curse, the up-to-date person whobelieves that he decides the fate of allthe arts, and that he settles all questionsof religion, and, indeed, of all life. Hewas, he is and she will be, but for allthis I would beseech our readers to dosomething to rid us all of him and her.And so, as he took up Wagner, sohe or his like have put down Wag- ner. He is taking up someone elsetoday and his like will put him down.But that you, Gentle Reader, shouldever be influenced by his decisicns, histakings up and his puttings down, grievesme. Still, you should be grateful tohim for having put Wagner down be- cause that makes possible now for youto come near Wagner.It is to be understood of course thatin this selection of Letters you do notcome very near him, ...only in his musicare you with a great composer.But you come a little nearer the manin his correspondence, and 'there youdiscover what I said above; that du- ring his life he never became the fashion. To the end it was a fight to establishhis work as he felt he wanted it estab- lished. People were always sayingthat 44 he was not to be helped hementions the fact and writes of " thestatement of so many of my friendsthat 4 I was not to be helped * ' andit is interesting to note how untrue thatstatement was. He refers to the headsof the theatre who are so antipatheticto him that they even treat the artistshe recommends so badly, they cannotstay in the theatre. They hate no- thing so much as a "Wagnerian : " keepcut the Wagnerian conductors : Lordpreserve us they say, "We shouldget a man who wants endless rehear- sals, particularly when things are notgoing well ...no thank you 1 let us geton as well as we can with servile bun- glers but let us get onThey say the same thing today ofall artists. " Let us get on ". Theydon't get on today and they did notget on in those days: all they didwas to slip back and back, and then thecatastrophe. They can't get on evena little without the artists: andwithout the great artists they are lostentirely.The letters are not brilliant, the weigh- ty Wagner who was such a practicalman often stands out clearer than theinspired Wagner; but the books arevery interesting and show us the usualgrievous spectacle of a great artist andan only too serious man being dis- gracefully badgered for some fifty years.Humanity let us for the momentcall human cattle by that title can- not therefore be felicitated by thoseof us who hold that fine art is a bles- sing and genius, or even a touch of it,a thing which should never be harras- sed in the way it is and always hasbeen harrassed.Wagner ultimately won the day and Humanity lost it.But then, thank God, that's notHumanity.Presumably Humanity is a fine thinstreak of something blessed which runsthrough everything and not throughmany people. If it did the wholeworld would be very happy. UN TEATRO DE ARTE ENESPANA Edicione de la Esfinge."Estrella Sociedad Anonima Editorial, Madrid. Madera 11. Gordon Craig. TWO years have gone by s:nce thssbook appeared, and in two yearsI do not doubt that the talented groupwhich forms the subject of this swaggervolume have progressed.And yet, as you look at the photo- graphs of the actors reproduced sobeautifully in the volume, you findyourself saying " in theatre there is nosuch thing as progress—what was goodremains good and will so remainHere are the same devices as ofold, the same tricks of gesture, and ofrepose; the same expressions and thesame groupings. And suddenly onecomes across something new somestrange touch which makes all thedifference, but it has nothing to dowith progress.The strange touches I came acrossin this book were not in any sceneriesand not in the groups, but in individuals.What this touch is which delights *so, we have all tried to define. Andyet we define nothing—and I for oneam not surprised, for there is nothingdefinable in it. Define a wind, raiseup a breeze in a garden-—it is netpossible. Recognize it —yes, that ispossible. And I am a great admirerof this book, Un TcatTO dc Arte enEspana, for I at least have recognizedin it the signs of art or genius orwhatever that thing is which is not tobe defined in Spain from a distance.The book itself is to be explained alittle. It is not a book of sceneries andyet there are some forty-nine sceneriesreproduced in colour and reproducedwith great care, good taste, and mountedwith originality.Originality which is not at the ser- vice of good taste or powerful expressionor genius or some sort of overlord isa worthless thing—and it is because we generally mean something odd byoriginality that we are generally pro- nouncing the word in a meaningless way.Originality to this Spanish book pub- lisher is an open door .... left open.He will reproduce one design in oneway and mount it on a specially pre- pared page of white paper with a paleyellow background to the picture stam- ped on the white page. But he willgive us his next picture mounted onanother white paper on which is abackground of another tone of yellowstamped on its white surface.In short, white paper and yellowbackground are not two things, theyare twenty. That's a touch of origi- nality. Old as the hills and yet asnew.Several processes are used in thereproductions, not one. Wonder ofwonders, someone has been thinking.That is essentially original.Portraits of authors and of performersor caricatures of them mix in with thedesigns for scenes, for posters or pro- grammes.Now and again, as is becoming to certain theatrical things, the reproductionfavours the old nineteenth century co- loured chocolate box.Oiie of an actress especially pleasesme, so apt it is; but of the sameactress we get five or six really goodphotographs and five or six charmingdrawings, the most charming of allbeing one by Barradas on page 63.It shows us Catalina Barcena, theprincipal actress of the troupe whomall Europe has heard of—all except I.This troupe has been brought toge- ther by Signor G. Martinez-Sierrawho needs no introduction, but who,strangely enough, is introduced in thisbook as being " the Spanish Lugn&amp;-Poe1 am now quite at sea as to Sig.Sierra if that in any way describes him.To strengthen this troupe of perfor- mers, Sig. Sierra added the designersFontanals, Barradas and Burmann, allof them talented and in no way in- fluenced by Northern fads : only nowand again does Fontanals descend todrink from a fountain at whose edge someof the Italians, such as Brunelleschi,and a few Frenchmen, are to be seen.I don't know what is the source ofthis fountain, although a faint reflectionof Beardsley is discernible in its glossysurface. But it is very faint.I cannot say that I have foundanything by the designers which, assceneries, strike me as remarkable.I should say that they need to go alittle slower—to be a bit less cock-sure.I always look at a design to see whatit is the artist has done to help thedramatist and especially the actor. Youmust allow for the moment even if notquite correct that the actor is a man ofcommonsense and will avail himself of acleverly disposed scene. I grant thatninety nine out of a hundred actors don'tgive a damn for the scene-man evenwhen he has devised a scene whichhelps enormously to break up the dul- ness of the hour or to unite the too easilyscattered notions of the dramatist. Butone actor out of a hundred will un- derstand. And it is with an eye tothis actor that I look with my othereye at the designs of these new sce- nographers.As I went through the book, lookingonly at the designs, it seemed to methat Signor Biirmann in his design forE! grillo del Hogar " had doneextremely well—and so when I disco- vered that he was a disciple of Rein- hard t and a collaborator of Stern Iwas quite amused. I had drawn alucky number. Signor Biirmann seemsto dispose his scene so as to help theactor. But how good are Fontanals andBarradas when they like and whentime permits. How they attack andalso get out of the difficulties. Theymust have drawn all Madrid to seethese spectacles.But there are others who do welltoo ; Signori Benedito, Zamora, andPons, Periquet and Mignoni are fullof talent.The book represents the work ofone theatre between the years 1917and 1925,—nine years work, and Ihave not seen a finer volume of the kindproduced by any company even afternineteen years work.It is essential to any theatrical li- brary : because, in European or Ame- rican books dealing with the new workof all the Theatres, Spain is far toooften omitted altogether.I think it more than likely thatMadrid, and even the new designersthemselves, have felt the inability ofdoing better than Mauricco Vilomaradid in a scenic way; and that theyalso remember Jose Planella Coromina,while others cannot forget OlegarioJunyent." But that's all old stuff " you say.Don't say so quite so loudly, lestthe Editor of " The Mask " have hissleeping suspicions aroused and I beput to the torture. But even then Ishould, between my shrieks, grind outthese words: " I swear by the youngermen—I swear I swear by them, butwe all love and loved the best of theolder men for they too were youngmen and their work is still young ".But I shall not suffer the rack—Iknow that; I will but once morethreaten to retire: for if I were toleave " The Mask " where would44 The Mask " be?... Yes, but wherewould I be ?I hope this Spanish Tealro de Artewill all stand firmly together and winthrough to even greater victories.And perhaps some day I may see theirwork and meet some of these artists.That would indeed be delightful. 7HE POETRY AND PROSE OFWILLIAM BLAKE. Edited by Geo/-frey Keynes; Complete in one volume.The Nonesuch Press. Price / 2/6 net. MR. Keynes and the NonesuchPress have done a piece of per- fect work. To edit and print Blake ina single volume is not easily done : thechief difficulty lies in avoiding all thosethings which tend to fluster the reader.This has been done, and done mag- nificently. No more do you feel a little alarm- ed as you open a book by Blake.All sails clearly on. No notes jerk usup; no unnecessarily large head linesstartle us. The names LOS, URI- ZEN, TIRIEL, THEL go easily here.Even EUROPE and JERUSALEM,two of the mildest names of the mostcivilized places, do not howl at us orgibber as other publishers cause themto do when doing the work for Blake.Here Europe is the Europe and Jeru- salem is" the Jerusalem we all know sowell nothing more.I am, and you will be, charmed bythe work of the type-setters of this book;nothing more discreet has issued froma London press for ages, ....I meannothing so immensely worth while.If I were, (as I hope shortly to be)Minister of Fine Arts, I would placethe Editor or Director of the None- such Press in control of all the printersof England. He is so sensible.And you have to be astonishinglysensible to rid a book of Blake's worksof all that is startling.I could show you thirty or forty ofthe points in this book which makehis work so sensible, but I can't writethem out here : one needs to see thebook, and then, if through sheer quiet- ness they elude one, one must havethem pointed out.As a matter of fact, you won't seethem : you'll see merely a most ordi- nary book, ...but exquisite: as youtouch it you at once become consciousof a sense of perfection.India paper has been used so thatthough containing close upon 1200 pa- ges ft is as light as a feather ; boundin buckram and bevel-edged boards,for 12/6.It is a gift to England.Rather a dangerous one being ahundred years too late. PLAYS AND MASQUES ATCOURT DURING THE REIGNSOF ELIZABETH, JAMES ANDCHARLES, by M. S. Steele Ph. D.Humphrey Milford. Oxford Univer- sity Press. Price 18/- net.COLLEGE PLAYS by G. C, MooreSmith. Cambridge University Press.Price 6/- net. EARLY in the Preface the author ofthis valuable work on Plays andMasques makes reference to Fleay ;whose work has always pleased mebecause it condensed rather than ela- borated the facts about the Elizabe- than stage. Anyone may be right orall may be wrong, but the least thatthe scholar owes us is to make his work as brief, as true and as entertaining ashe can.For if not, in a hundred years timewe shall possess some five hundredmore bulky works all prattling on abouta subject which could be and shouldbe covered by ten volumes at the verymost if hard facts were the goldnuggets they were destined to contain.Already we possess dozens too manyfull of dross.I do not know any other chronolo- gical list of all the Plays and Masqueswhich were given at the English Courtfrom January 6th 1559 until March12th 1642, but, should none exist, thisone certainly supplies us with all wewant. What 1 would suggest is that noother such list of Masques at Court beever made, but that this one be re- vised and revised every ten years asfresh discoveries are made.Mr. G. C. Moore Smith's book onCambridge College Plays has the per- fections I so much appreciate and towhich I have just referred.It is brief, it is small, it is all weneed, and by Jove, it is unpretentious.The author gives us gold and doesn't wrapit up in a woollen stocking of his ownknitting.Nothing unclear about Mr. MooreSmith, and everything done to make usrealize when he has stopped speakingabout the Dress of the Actors and whenhe is beginning about the Music andwhen he is passing on to the Lighting.His book consists of 110 pages, butis in fact a booklet.I cannot do better than copy theContents Page :CAMBRIDGE PLAYS(I) Outlines of the History(II) Manner of Production ofCollege Plays.CHRONOLOGICAL TABLE OF PER- FORMANCES OF COLLEGE PLAYSAT CAMBRIDGEACTORS LISTSBIBLIOGRAPHICAL NOTESIt is a book you can read whichis an important point to consider whenwriting a book: it is one you can un- derstand ; and this too is helpful.More of such small books, that is myprayer as 1 close it and place it sideby side with the four volumes bySir E. K. Chambers on The Eliza- bethan Stage. A Marvel, a Monu- ment, but not an example to follow.Why ? and why am I so ? Whyam I not on my knees with the otherswho worship the monumental ? Becausethe main thing in all historical re- search is to bring to life again. Youcan only do that at all successfully if youdo little and make that little awaken ourimaginations and revive our remembrance.The long, exhaustive, marvellouslyscholarly world-shaking works simplywon't do.They crush us while they leave usin a state of uncertainty all the timewith their hundred doubts. A histo- rical work should not contain the words4 perhaps * or * probably ', and thesemighty monumental world-shaking worksare riddled with holes made by thesetwo destructive worms of words. ABOUT ENGLAND by M. V.Hughes. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 5/ net. SOMETHING needs a little revision—someone a little more vision—atNo. 10 Bedford Street, Strand. For,while I do not like this book aboutEngland because its opinions are cheapand hastily tumbled out and because itattempts to do England in 359 briefpages, the failure is after all not to bewondered at, and the attempt is anyway made light-heartedly, which issomething.But I do wonder at the publishers.First I wonder, as I note whatexcellent paper is used. But my spi- rits rise only to be utterly dashed againat almost everything else about whatis, 1 believe, called the make-up ofthe bock.To begin with, there are many do- zens of large and small illustrations.Instead of being by one man they areby many men. The styles mix up andclash abominably. Is there no autho- rity in No. 10 Bedford Street that canprevent a blunder like that ? If everHerbert Railton and Joseph Pennellillustrated a book together the thingwould have had some rhythm, someharmony; all would have been of apiece ; and of course you can set fiveor ten men to illustrate the same bookIF you know how to order the designsto avoid a clash.But here all through this volume 1see the work of several well-knownmen (whose names are not acknow- ledged in the introduction or anywhereelse) : Brock, Herbert Cole, GordonHome, .... and Railton. These arejumbled together, chased into the pageslike frightened animals fleeing before aPampas fire; and, with these designsmade some twenty-five years ago, aremixed some imitations of the more mo- dern schools—ridiculous imitations; andthe fault does not lie with the youngartists (who I am sure could do real good stuff) but with the man who gavethe orders. Imitations of John Nash are perhapsthe most fortunate; those of LovatFraser are perhaps next best : but whatis the matter with the publishers ?Look at page 29; pass on to page 33and then turn to 34, after which 39.The design on page 39 is dated 1909and is a pretty thing by Mr. Cole, butfor all this it's close on twenty yearslate.The design on page 11 will do—asan attempt to imitate a modern effect—-but what is any established publisherdoing, with laurels to lose if not togain, what is he dreaming about, thathe doesn't know that imitation modernstuff won't do because really good mo- dern stuff is available ?There are a hundred to two hundredexcellent young artists out of work, orwi h not half enough work to do, andwilling to work on a book like this ifpaid decently.But a publisher may not want goodmodern workAll right; but let him not attemptto palm off on the public wretched oreven well attempted imitations of themodern school. And let him nevermix up his styles. Look at the designon page 192 and that on page 248with its attempt to be Nash-like.And, now that I have said what Ithink of this bad direction at Dent's,let me turn to a book of their's whichis really excellent and all of a piece inthe way it has been produced. MODES AND MANNERS OFTHE NINETEENTH CENTURY,Translated from the German of Dr.Fischel and Max von Boehn;With two additional chapters by Grace7 hompson. 4 volumes. Dent &amp; Sons.Price £2 2.0. HERE it doesn't matter that the il- lustrations are from different handsfor the essence of mode is in its change.But even then the selection of thedesigns and their arrangement couldhave easily been blundered. As it isthe whole thing is excellently well done.The work appeared in 1909 inthree volumes and lacking a numberof delicious plates. Now it is com- plete, and for the first time you getthe 19th century modes and mannersin a practical and luxurious set of books,and I think that you will not get amore likeable four volumes on thissubject for many a year.Only a hundred years are coveredin tnese four books. T his is a gua- rantee that the thing has been dealtwith seriously, though you need haveno fear that an excess of gravity in thewriting and pictures will send you tosleep. Max von Boehn has written itwell, and Dr. Fischel has selected thedesigns with apparently no other mo- tive than to please us, for page afterpage is a fresh delight; but as a matterof fact you get instruction thrown inextra ;—if you have this book you canbe sure of your facts, dates and all.And it is so much to be helped toknow which year it was they wore thecape you are looking at, and in whichland ; and to learn who made thedesign. Each design has these threeindications. The text is the easiest rea- ding possible and is a mass of preciseinformation at the same time.Let me specially recommend thesefour volumes to every Little Theatre inEurope (1 won't waste my time attemp- ting to recommend them to any EnglishTheatre, for it is already for twentyyears now that they have proved thatwhat they prefer is to obstinately refuseto listen to anything they are toldabout).But by one of the quick intelligencesin each Little Theatre in Europe thevalue of this work will be caught upat once. They will know how toapply the knowledge to be gleanedfrom it, and how to avoid blundering.Here are photographs of Offenbach,hands in pockets, eyeglass in eye, whiskerspinned on and in plus-fours; of Bis- marck and Pauline Lucca in 1865;of Ludwig II and Kainz; of EdwardPrince of Wales : colour plates of pain- tings by Viktor Paul Mohn, by Feuer- bach, by Von Schwind, by Zorn whichI will wager you've never yet seen;other colour plates of engravings ordrawings by Dev£ria, Danhauser, Beau- mont, Bruno Paul and dozens more;some hundred and forty reproductionsin colour of fashion plates from 1800to 1900 (and the authors give fullmeasure and start before 1800 andcarry on beyond 1900) ; these platesby themselves are a banquet ; andbesides those you have the 860 blackand white reproductions in half tone.Why do I linger on the quantity ?because it is books which are full likethese that we need nowadays frompublishers. Fair and square books notswindles.Why this delight in the work ofVon Boehn and Fischel ? because it ismen who refuse to bore us that weneed nowadays ; and, if these two toldus of Germany in the 19th centuryand nothing but Germany we mightbe bored ; but they have drawn from England, Germany, France and Den- mark, from America, Spain and Russiafor their information and designs, andmy only regret is that they have notavailed themselves sufficiently of theinteresting material which Italy from1800 to 1900 had to yield them.Milano in 1800 was a place of inte- rest ; Torino too ; Napoli and Roma.But then the work would have runinto five volumes; and besides, theauthors do not forget Italy altogether. SHERIDAN TO ROBERTSON byErnest Bradlee Watson. HumphreyMilford. Oxford University Press.Price 25/.- MR. Watson continues what Mr.AI win Thaler well began with his44 Shakespeare to Sheridan" in 1922.It must be admitted that Mr. Tha- ler had a more difficult task, but onewith more brilliant possibilities. AndMr. Thaler illustrated his volume bet- ter ; it had thirty-nine of the most in- teresting illustrations I have come across,most of them new to us, and selectedfrom the astonishingly good collectionin the Harvard College Library.But Mr. Walson has one clinkingpicture for us.He starts his book by a frontispieceshowing the scales, knife and bondused by Edmund Kean in the 44 Mer- chant of Venice ".How did these treasures come toleave England ?Perhaps I have not searched thisbook carefully enough, but I cannotdiscover in it any reference to thesescales, knife and bond. And as theyare featured as a frontispiece I ameager to know.But if I want to know a number ofother facts about the London theatreof the nineteenth century I can get theinformation here, so 1 am well pleasedwith the book.I regret to find no reference madeto Dr. Stahl's 44 Das Englische Theaterim 19 Jahrhundert", a book publish- ed by R. Oldenbourg in 1914 andworthy of considerable attention ; andalso to find Mr. Saxe Wyndham refer- red to as Saxe, H.And I cannot but again regret, thatso many of our modern scholars andstudents-of the Drama and the Theatrewill write such long books (thisone is 445 pages) and cover suchlong periods as this one covers.It is not of sufficient use to us:what we want (I shall ever repeat it)i 3 a small book, on a far smaller themeand a theme no one else has approached. No one man can write the Historyof a hundred years of the English stage.A small book apiece by many scho- lars each on one item in that hundredyears would, I feel, be a hundred timesmore valuable.Read that small book written byTalma's gardener Louette on the greatactor. Louette is the vivid historianfor me. Or, if you wish for another,the small book by Count Algarotti44 Essay on the Opera" ; or De Ruber- tiss 62 page "II Teatro Nazionale "reviewed in these pages *n 1926; orG. C. Moore Smith s " College Plays "reviewed in this number.I want a small book about the Thea- tre at Trausnitz, another on the oldOpera House at Bayreuth ; a third onSancta Stella the singer, a fourth onVerona the Scene-painter, a fifth onThe Lighting in the Vicenza Theatre ;a sixth on the Seghizzi system ; a se- venth on the architect Selva ; an eighthon the theatres of architect FerdinandoMorozzi. I want a history of thatBook on Theatres by Dumont and oneon the collected theatre scenes of Lancia.None of these books exists, and noneexists on five hundred of such unknownmatters ; whereas over and over againwe are made to listen to the same old sto- ries about " The Theatre of the 18thcentury ", " The Art of the Dramatist ",44 The Stage from Garrick to Robson *'and 44 The Tragic Acting of Mrs. Sid- dons " and the eternal 44 ElizabethanStage.The Historians need to make a newstart I should say,Use the old car if you must, butput in a new motor and steer along anew road.If we don't do something like thisin Europe.,., and I wish it could beEngland to do it. .. some one in Chinaor in Massachusetts will. LONDON by G. H. Cunningham.Devt &amp; Sons. Price 21 /-. STREET by street, in alphabeticalorder, London is laid down inthis book.There are 806 pages and 70 pa- ges of index. There are no illustrationsand there are no plans.The notion of the author is this to tell us about each celebrated houseand who made it so either by buil- ding it or by living in it. But wedo not get every house and everycelebrity.We do however get about two thirdsof the complete list in these closely prin- ted 606 pages; the remaining third you can fill in for yourself on theample margins.The work deserved better of the publi- sher. It deserved a second editor whowould add to the list the missing third;it deserved to be in two volumes forit costs a guinea : it deserved at leasttwo large plans of London and betterpaper and a less cheap-looking cover.A few theatric omissions I will men- tion, since the theatrical entries arewhat you will get the book for.To begin with, Arthur Roberts livednear Sir A. W. Pinero ; yet while A.W. P. is entered Roberts is omitted.George Robey's house is entered: againI ask why not the as celebratedRoberts' ? I see no entry under theBoltons of either W. S. Gilbert or thetwo Irving brothers.Cannonbury Tower, - we shouldhave learned that Weedon Grossmithand Tom Hesiewood once lived there.In Church Row, Hampstead, H. G.Wells is entered ; why not WilliamRothenstein and George Du Maurier ?If in Devonshire Street, Theobald sRoad the author of " Illustrations ofPasses of the Alps" deserves mentionas hanging out at No. 29, why notHarold Monro and his Poetry Book- shop ? In Gower Street is a certainRoyal College of Dramatic Art: itdoes its best, yet it is excluded.Sir Christopher Wren lived at Hamp- ton Court and you may not omit himyet mention that Michael Farady livedthere.Ellen Terry lived for many yearsin the King's Road, Chelsea ; the factshould have been entered; she alsolived in Longridge Road for some yearsbut this is not to be discovered here.Sir George and Lady Lewis dweltin Portland Place was it not No. 88anyhow they are not in the list.And how is it there is nothing aboutLord Barrymore's remarkahle Theatrebuilt in Savile Row ? where do wefind a word about Squib's AuctionRoom in the same street, in fact onthe same site ?Sir Henry Irving lived at No. 17Stratton Street, Piccadilly, but the factis not noted here.Tbe White House, Tite Street, Chel- sea is entered as having been built byWhistler •• the eccentric artist where- as it was built for him by E. W.Godwin: and it is some twenty-eightyears too late to go on calling Whis- tler M the eccentric artist *\But there are several hundred en- tries of theatrical interest, so you mustnot suppose it fails us in that.The author has given a good dealtoo much space to the dwellings of the heroes and heroines of fiction. " HereBetsy Frump left by the 3.30 on Fri- day Jan. 14th 1809 in a Diligence tomeet Tom Crumpet. " :Which is all very well, but, as Gran- ville Barker would say, I protest, oh!how wrong. SAMPLERS, Selected and Describedby Leigh Ash ton, 7he Medici So- ciely. Price !7j6 net. THIS delightful picture book willplease all students of design, andall ladies who have still retained anappreciation of the delicacies and intri- cacies of needle-craft," Samplers *\ are rich in interest,both historically and artistically, and inMr. Leigh Ashton's book there is re- produced, in six colour plates and se- venty-two monochrome illustrations acomplete series of English Samplersfrom the earliest times, with specialreference to the older specimens. ...manyfrom the Victoria and Albert Museumwith which Mr. Ashton is associatedofficially, (in the Department of Tex- tiles) and also a representative collectionof Foreign samplers, including the Ame- rican types.A study of these plates, with theirinfinite variety of design and of stitches,certainly leaves us with a respectfulwonder at the capacities of those whowrought them, and so patiently stitchedthese pious mottoes, and flowers andfruits and animals and birds and lordsand . ladies, into squares of linen tothe glory of God and the delectationof their descendants for generations tocome.The name of the seamstress is almostalways given, and so you too may finda sampler worked by your great grand- mother here if you are curious and ifyou get the book. THE COURT MASQUE, A Studyin the Relationship between Poetryand the Revels by Enid Welsford.Cambridge University Price 25/-net. THE author of this 407 page bookwith an excellent 26 page indexdisclaims the idea that it is intendedto be " an exhaustive treatise on themasque" and tells us that her chiefaim has been to interpret and to coor- dinate and that she has not tried " toadd to the great wealth of detailedinformation and this I consider ra- ther a pity.Personally I enjoy hearing anyoneinterpret for me a difficult subject: I shall always feel grateful to a lady inFlorence who used to lecture uponDante, for she gave me the only vi- vid notion I ever was able to get ofthat immense artist Not reading Ita- lian sufficiently to enjoy the original,I tried to wade painfully through thehorrible translations—only horrible be- cause as no one can translate Dantethe effort to do so sticks in our throatsas we read, breaks our simple senseof any rhythm we may have in us,and leaves us prostrate.That is horrible.But this lady made it all so clear:J attended only one lecture becausewhat I received in that brief three- quarters of an hour was so much 1felt I could do with no more.Ever since my thoughts, when tur- ned towards Dante, have been sane.Previously 1 heard of, and even saw,shelves which bent under some fivehundred volumes all of which purpo- sed to coordinate and interpret thisso-easily understood Dante ; — easilyunderstood provided one was fairlymodest in one's mental appetite. Tostuff food at the dining table is nostupider than to stuff at the literary table.I value Miss Welford's interpreta- tion and of course am ungrateful. Iwanted to be informed of certainfacts, for which I am fast becoming aglutton.I wanted to know about NicholasLani&amp;re and I found but one entrywhich refers to him and there an end.What a number of excellent shorthistorical booklets could be preparedby able students like Miss Welsfora ;and the number of these students ison the increase, yet the booklets donot appear,Were I an influence in Oxford orCambridge (this book comes from Cam- bridge) 1 would counsel young menand women always to avoid attemptinga big work on a subject covering seve- ral nations, thousands of persons anda couple of centuries. I would sug- gest that to take the life's work of aLani&amp;re or a family like the Parigi ora group like the Gelosi was quite suffi- ciently difficult, and really valuable to theirfellow-students and even to the wisestprofessors. 1 feel that students whohave learned so much from these bigmen should dedicate a year or two oftheir time to at least one small workon one small subjest such as I haveindicated, as a return for all the thingsreceived from these masters.1 would suggest that a studentshould attempt to do less and so per- haps achieve more.I like so much that old and reliable style which announced some excellentlittle brochure as a contribution to- wards the study of such and such asubject; and 1 rather dislike a tendency,which today increases, of coming outwith a book proposing to be a finalinterpretation of a vast subject whichno amount of talk can exactly explain.Some student will surely be pop- ping up shortly with a book called•• The Ocean : an interpretation ".One shell of the Ocean is what Ishould suggest as sufficiently difficultand more fitting to a student were Ian authority at Oxford or Cambridge.But 1 am always saying this: 1wonder if anyone is listening. ANTON TCHEKHOV by S. 5.Ifotcliansfzy. George Routledge &amp;Sons. Price 12/6 net. 0 THE GENTLE ART. oIN a country like ours which has notime to lose if it ever intends toget on towards a new Theatre, (andby that I mean a theatre peculiar toitself, and that again means a rare lotof systematical experimenting) are wenot making a very big mistake to gushabout those two extremes, the RussianBallet and the Russian Tchekhov ?1 almost think 1 have touched onthis before ; but as you haven't heed- ed, let me go on again. To be eter- nally showing a gushing joy over theproduce of another people, neithermore stupid than we are, nor I be- lieve, cleverer, will not bring us thegood will of our own men to whomwe look for Ballets and Plays andOperas and the rest.We clear Arcos out of England;during the same week we insipidly en- courage the Russian Ballet to land atDover, and we publish more and morebooks on Tchekhov and by Tchekhov,Personally 1 delight in the RussianBallet and I enjoy Tchekhov ; andthough I'm never quite sure which ofthe two leaves me the more depressed,1 would not have missed either.But though Russian artists and Rus- sian pei formers interest me, though Iam always freshened when I comeacross something different in a Thea- tre, be it in Berlin, Milano or Ame- rica, 1 have enough common-sense leftalways to remember England, to re- mind myself that our business is thecreation or reestablishment of the En- glish stage. And by that I mean a stagefreed at last from the old purposes ; notto make money, not to flash into publi- city, not to intrigue and generally toruin the profession and the art, butto fix new purposes; to recover its vigour, and then to make this particu- larly barren corner of our English gar- den blaze again with the red, the blueand the white of our old English plants.It is because Russian Ballets, Rus- sian Tchekhovs, Russian producers, set- tled in London and Paris, togetherwith the rest of the Russians, are dis- tracting the attention of a certain sec- tion of the English public from thetruth, which is that we English can dosomething quite as good for our own peo- ple, that I have set my face against theForeigner and his pretty Foreign goods.I won't find fault with this bookby M. Koteliansky because it's everybit as good as some of the bookswhich are now flooding the Englishmarket on William Blake. Kotelians- ky's book on Tchekhov is only twentyyears late ; the books on Blake are ahundred and twenty years late.But I suppose that too is all right,since it is considered right to starvedown English artists, without conside- ration whether it is economic to do so,or particularly brave. Should you sup- pose I am exaggerating, please be mo- derate enough to realize that it is pos- sible 1 understate the case.This book on this Russian writeris one of the very best. It's sectionentitled M Theatrical " written by Thea- tre people makes out Tchekhov to berather unpractical. Theatre people toooften try to convey this impression ofothers, believing that they alone arereally practical,The essay by Stanislawsky I dislike.It is a weakness of this fine actor andexcellent stage manager to pretend offthe stage as much as did the old actorswhom he rather despises, His parti- cular role off the stage is to showsurprise when a man of intellect likeTchekhov utters an illuminating com- ment on the workings of a play,Stanislawsky would rob the wordsand the wisdom of all their light bythis sudden show of dogged, open- minded, earnest surprise—puzzlement," 1 felt myself a little man in thepresence of a celebrity. 1 wanted tobe better and wiser than I was madeby God " he writes, and we can add" Fudge ", for he follows up the pre- tence by a show of surprise: he is scep- tical of everything this Tchekhov says.Here we have the ingrained insin- cerity of the stage asserting itself undera mask of innocent wonder and doubt- ing the very Gods.No, no, no,— the theatre all overthe earth has to revise its rules, andthe sooner it stops pretending off thestage the less vain it will appear andthe more real it will become, nRUDY\ An Intimate portrait ofRUDOLPH VALENTINO. ByNatacha Rambova (his wife). Pub- lished by Hutchinson &amp; Co. Price 10 6Net. THIS is one of the astonishing re- cords ; it ranks with Casanova'sMemoirs for its astounding qualities,although in no way resembling thosememoirs.In fact it is exactly the opposite ofall that is Casanova.It is badly written, while Casanova'swriting is admirable.It is about an Italian of to-day, andis all rush: Casanova, an Italian ofother days, was all speed.It is about the after life : Casanovavery much about the life on earth.It deals with Theosophy and Casa- nova's doesn't. Casanova wasn't pretty.... Valentino was pretty.But it shocks us as Casanova did.In this, this resembles that .... in thisalone. We are shocked for we be- lieve the whole thing to be a tarriddle,just as we once believed and probablystill believe Casanova's prattle to be allinvention.But why should we so believe, whyall this scepticism? for Valentino's mes- sages (some 78 pages long) sent fromthe other world may be quite realthings. If you don't think so, some do.Do I, you ask me ; I am not hereto talk Theosophy and the after-lifewith you—l am here to review abook.Be fair, accept this book as all truth.Why should you not—for assuredly ifyou go for it, and laugh at it, you willdo wrong.Why you will be wrong I cannotsay, but so it is.Are you then to believe it ? you arefirst to read the book, reading with theconviction that its true, every word,and then, according to your tempera- ment, having paid your money takeyour choice.It's nothing of a story; compared withthe life of Chaplin for example,—his• Life 'to come, when that does cometo be written, it will not show up well.For presumably we shall hear all aboutChaplin's spirit; by that I mean hisway of work, about his firm persuasionstoo, about himself.His collars, furniture, written of;where he went and when he left, andif he travelled in three coupees cr inthe luggage van, these things dontinterest us; we want the spirit of theman. It's that, isn't it ?Alas, all we get of Valentinos' spiritis a ghost of a man. That's not for us I take it, though it will add per- haps to our astonishment.Yet, may be 1 am unfair, and whatis more, irreverent; may be this ghostis a spirited thing, vivid, all that's good.I'd say it was with more conviction,were I more convinced.I am not convinced by this book.I should call the book a libel and yetI didn't know poor Valentino. It's awretched book as a book.Charles Lamb was a writer, andwhen he wrote of Roast Pig or Mun- den the actor, or such-like trifles, hewrote ever so well, but he was wiseenough not to write about the afterlife, or upon Heaven or Hell.These he left to William Blake,whose capacity was greater and who,with these as theme, wrote them downeven as well as Lamb wrote down pig.And Shakespeare touched upon spirits,white and grey, and armed from headto foot.Had we seen what he and Blakecould see, it would have much amazedus .... very likely .... very likely .... Butwithout seeing we feel this—that thesemen, these writers, were able to get itover, and still are able so to do. Wethrill, by jove, how we thrill.What is art ? What on earth isart ? What in Heavens name is art ?I will explain precisely.It is precisely not what this bookon poor Valentino is, not what itmight lead you to suppose, and willlead 8,000,000, people to suppose itto be.Touching these said eight million,they are good people as you know :see .... they pay for their art; Half adoller or four lire or more, as muchas ever they can afford they will giveit in exchange for some art. Valen- tino's, Negri's, Pickford's and the everdelightful Douglas Fairbanks' art.They are good people these 8,000,000,I daresay they know more about artthan anyone who will read this review.Do remember they pay for their art:and they enjoy their art, they knowwhat they like, and they more thanlike this art, they love it; do recall howthey love it.1 have heard the Cinema spoken ofas being still in its infancy. So whatthey love is a sort of baby art.Rather pretty of such a big crowdto be so attracted by such a little totof a spirit, for it's the spirit of this artI lake it, which is baby still, not itscorpus, which admittedly is a bit toobig to be at all baby.One can believe in baby after all after a11... " by heavens he echoes me".When age and all has sickened us, (why it should do so I have not yetdiscovered and never expect to), whenexperience, talk, arts, science and therest of the wisdom and of the doingsof man and woman has rendered usutterly sceptical, it is a big happinessto have a baby art of our own,. .all our very own which we canlove.A place we can take our dear friendsto without fear of embittering them, areally innocent place, where all thosewho travail and are heavy laden, canfind rest.That place is the Cinema.Evidently it is the Cinema. Onceupon a time we went to a church tofind peace and rest and balm for hurtminds and then, (so I am told and itsthe Cinema tells me so) the Churchbecame a hard deadly parade, a lec- turing place, cruel to the outcast. Iwonder if the Cinema is quite rightthere.It can't be very wrong in itself if itattracts and warms eight or may be eightymillions of people yearly.There must be something in the Ci- nema, " yes—eighty millions youreply, and you add A vision of ci- vilization's end ".But that will hardly wash; Civiliza- tion will also go on, militarization too.What may perhaps come on is life.Thats a point anyhow, it may. *Goon ' you say ; ! repeat * come onAnd through the Cinema ?I pause at my own question to askyou what do you think ?Read this book on Valentino, andyou will probably decide one way oranother. 7HE " PHILOSOPHE " IN THEFRENCH DRAMA OF THE 18 THCENTURY" by Ira O. Wade.Princeton University Press. U, S. A.Mr. Humphrey Milford, LondonPrice 7/-. net. of the Elliot Monographs, thisbook of 143 pages in its paperwrapper deals with a subject not sovery often treated with such tho- roughness as that which Mr. Wadereveals.A careful bibliography completes avery scholarly volume, and we actuallybegin to have a certain interest in thePhilosophe as he was known to thosewho lived with him in the 18th cen- tury.Then he fades out, and our interest,with some gratitude added to it, istendered instead to Mr. Wade. EUGENE O'NEILL by Barrett H.Clark. Macßride &amp; Co. Neu) York•(Price not given). O'NEILL is the son of James O'Neillthe actor-manager. James was'also a maker of plays.Eugene. has been an actor. He hasalso been two years at sea and was in business. His health brokedown, and, while getting better, thenotion of writing plays came to him.He is forty years of age.At the age of thirty-five he hadfound that " happiness is a word ",and believed that he perceived ithidden somewhere in tragedy. And so we may note that O'Neillhas put himself a most difficult task the most difficult in this remarkablyfalse age.To smash up the world hardly seemsto me to be as necessary as Moscowis reported to believe ; but to smashup that barred door which is guardedby prejudice against all arts and all the artists is something that has to bedone to balance things a bit better.And it won't hurt anyone : it willdo the reverse.I hope O'Neill will be writing whenthe door is down. MILANO VECCHIA by Otto Cima.Fratelli Treves; with 50 illustrations.Price 32 lire. MILANO VECCHIA or Old Milanis one of the most delightful ofcities in Europe not so much for itsgreat age or the doings and people ofits earliest times, as for its life duringthe early part of the 19th century.And I seem to find this, the Na- poleonic part of the old place, alwaysgay and lively on revisiting it afresh.At that time the Teatro della Scalawas but young, the building havingbeen begun under the architect Pier- marini in 1776, and inaugurated in1778 on August 3rd.It cost 1,000,000 lire and was thepride of the Milanese, rich and pooralike, who numbered at that time about *twelve to thirteen thousand citizens.Not bad, that sum of a - million lirethen ; for nowadays, out of manymillion people, we can rarely collectfrom the very richest of them as muchas that, and it takes three times asmuch to build a reasonable sizedplayhouse.La Scala was unreasonably big andbuilt to suit the tastes of the besttheatre-goers of the age. It was thelargest theatre in Italy, and that meant in the world. It is assuredly still oneof the very largest and yet cost under£50,000 to build.In Old Milano as in Old London,how many good things of that kindwere possible that seem to be now nolonger possible.Why do we grow less and lessable to do even the possible ?It is quite stupid and therefore quitecharacteristic of the human mind, thatthe good things of any time shouldever be allowed to decrease. Weshould preserve the old while estab- lishing the new good things. Althoughthis is acknowledged to be the mostsound way to proceed, it is acknow- ledged when too late. Thus we builda new city in the very heart of anold one ; a most ridiculous proceeding,when we could easily preserve the oldone intact and let it remain the heartof the new one.Milano in no way likes to be dif- ferent from her confreres ; and if theymust and will be stupid well, saysshe, I will be stupid too.That, after all, is how we get the1800 Milano of which I am so veryfond: but it wouldn't have done anyharm to have kept the 1700 city asit was and spread a wing during 1800,and be spreading another wing thiscentury.This is what you will be apt tofeel on reading Signor Cima's excel- lent, well illustrated record of the citywhich John Evelyn called 44 a sweetplace " and which Stendhal adored. SPENSER by Emile Legouis. J. M.Dent &amp; Sons. Price 61. THIS book on our most noble drea- mer and poet Mr. Edmund Spen- ser, follows close upon the heels ofProfessor W. L. Ren wick's fine book44 Edmund Spenser, An Essay on Re- naissance Poetry but was writtenbefore the Professor's book appeared ;so it follows it so far and no more.How strange at any time (it some- times seems) for anyone to write abook about one who wrote books andsang songs. For the songs of Spenserhave barely reached our ears. Haveyou a Spenser in the house ?Where is someone who will singthese songs to us again ? for if no onecomes to do that, I doubt very muchwhether the world will ever hear them.No one acts Shakespeare well,hardly anyone; for to say that Shake- speare is acted is to say that allEngland knows his songs, his sayings,and has caught his way, ...which wouldbe utterly untrue. And since no one sings Shakespeare'ssongs no one is going to bother aboutSpenser.Now ...admit it ...you can't quoteten consecutive lines Spenser ever wrote.Suppose we have a volume in thehouse ; we pick it up, we open it,we read, and we see before us troopsof lines drawn up at attention notvery attentive are we, for ail we hearis know been show misweenseen sphere unseen heart appear. Not a ghost of a fault any- where ; all veiy trim and a quan- tity of fairies occasionally a realperson.44 Dan Chaucer, 7v ell of English undefyledOn Fame's eternal beadroll worthy to be[fyled"44 Thissay M. Legouis, 44 wasnot idle praise " ; but he does not as- sure us that it was not bad poetry.Any of the Sitwells can beat ithollow, it seems to me. And Spenserloved Chaucer passionately and was,as the author and everyone else tellsus, enamoured of old English verse.Well, this passion for E. W. Spen- ser is, I'm thinking, but wishy-washystuff.When in Eclogue VI,BI he apostro- phises his great master Chaucer, hesimply fails to touch us. He fails,I should say, to touch me. Whereas44 Come away come away Death "five words of Shakespeare's singing,and the dart is in us.Spenser winds up his two verses toChaucerm441 soon would learn these words to wail[my woeAnd teach the trees, their trickling tears[to shed *'44 Wailing woe " and 44 tricklingtears " ! Why not 44 griping grief " and44 doleful dumps" at once and havedone with it ?And again,'4 Who wilt not mercie unto others showHow can he mercie ever hope to have " ;Why even 1, who cannot write a lineof veise, know enough to have takenEdmund aside and said to him, 44 Boy4 hope to have ' simply will not doSpenser seems to have said someordinary polite things wi hout any feel- ing, and in rather an ungainly fa- shion : and as he was so ungainly,the Ervines of the day said 44 Comelet us praise him he's poor but'twill save us from being forced tospeak the truth which is that, name him not is the better poet ".But I am sorry for Spenser. Hewas a great fool and relied on Pa- trons. They let him down. I hate to use such a phrase as let him downabout a so well plastered poet but it'sgood enough for the Patrons.Again, how far wiser Shakespeare.Goes in for some public theatricals gets shares or half shares cr some- thing in time remains independentof these Patrons of the Arts.M. Legouis tells us that Spenser inthe Fairy Qneen 44 merely followed inAriosto s footsteps" but this is notquite exact; 44 he fell into one ofAriosto s footsteps " would have beenmore correct. EVER YMAN LIBRAR Y (Dent) &lt;0and THE WORLD'S CLASSICS(Oxford University Press).The Life and Letters of John Keatsby Lord Houghton. Dent. Prieet Ij-net.The Brothers Karamazov by TheodorKikhailovitch Dent. 2Vols. 21-net each volume.Lesser English Comedies of the 18thCentury. Oxford University Press.Price 2/- net.The Adventures of Captain Single- ton. Defoe. Oxford University PressPrice 2 - net. Iwas sorry to hear, from an unim- peachable source, that this EverymanLibrary does not pay. The profit isvery small, I was told.1 gather too that book publishingon the whole does not pay,I can sympathise with those whofabricate and distribute these things ofpaper, ink, etcetera, because I havewritten a few books (perhaps youknow them) and it's true they havenot sold at all well.Perhaps you know my books byname. 44 Sixpenny Humming Birds "is perhaps my best: in that work Ishow how any really genuine Bird witha Hum can be limed for less than ashilling, 44 Pop goes the Weasle " isanother, and in this, still dwelling onmatters of finance, I discourse on howthe money goes,But these books have never paidme any profit. I gave more than ayear to writing each, and they havebrought me in £97 and £ll6 re- spectively. One can't call that makingit pay and one cannot live upon £ 1 16a year in any land of hope and g!ory.Perhaps there are too many books produced by the publishers nowadays.1 am sure that there are too manyindifferently produced.The Everyman Series is wonderfulin several ways, but it is not up tothe Tauchnitz mark; yet both of theseeditions pay no authors' fees and soeach has a fair margin to expend onpaper, printing, binding and the like.The Tauchnitz books are papercovered, and, so far as 1 haveheard, no one objects to buy themon that score. Most book buyersprefer an ordinary little book withpaper covers.If Everyman ....I mean the one whoneeded a guide ....had not been sucha guffin, he too would have had hisLibrary bound in paper covers. Hecould then have afforded to use abetter paper for the text instead ofthe paper which is used and whichis disagreable. It is a paper one as- sociates with cheap editions of the44 Decamerone " or the other forbiddenbooks of the Victorian era, whennothing first-class could be afforded bythose publishers.The binding is gay and neatly done.But after being critically examined itmust be admitted to be one of thefamous the most famous perhaps series of reprints. It shares the palmwith the World's Classics of the OxfordUniversity Press, which has only issued350 volumes whereas Everyman canboast over 800.But the Oxford Press uses a muchfiner paper: and yet there I amtoo quick. In their volume of 18thcentury Plays the paper is excellent,but in its 44 Captain Singleton(Defoe) it's paper is almost as bad asthe Everyman paper.The Everyman is evidently managedbetter; there is an orderliness aboutthe whole series which I admire. Bador good, they are consistently so ;whereas the series of the OxfordUniversity Press has an uncouth way ofchanging its mind. The paper, title- pages, cover design, publishers' mark,all hop about as though the publishershad never quite come to a decision asto what qualities the volumes were tohave and to hold.Of the contents of these popularlibraries there can be no two opinions,for each contains more or less whatthe other contains, and both fail toissue some of the most enchantingbooks ever written.Yet no obstacle stands in their way.The copyright is lost to the authors.1 have three books in mind whichwould help very considerably to in- crease the profits of both series .... or to be more sincere, which I wouldlike to get for 2/-.1 suppose " The Brothers Karama- zov " by Dostoevsky (Everyman) willprofit Dents far more than the five18th century comedies will profit theOxford Press. And I suppose LordHoughton's Life and Letters of Keatswill sell quite reasonably well.For my own part 1 find both theLife and the Letters dull, and thework by Dostoevsky, though not dull,is intolerably long: it is over 800pages, and by Jove, how gloomy.The 18th century plays are quiteentertaining, but the book of books,in short a real book, is 44 CaptainSingleton". It is not because ofOxford but solely because of Defoe.He utterly chases Dostoevsky off thefield. It is a world and many liveswe discover through Defoe; we onlydiscover a rather dusty corner of aprovince in Dostoevsky.The Oxford Press might have donesomething more for this Englishmanthan merely reprint his text and insertan awful portrait of him as frontispiecein brown and green ink. It is an utterwaste of money which could have beenspent far better on a map showing us thewanderings of the Captain and Williamthe immortal William. Mr. WattsDunton writes a Preface in which hesays that Mr. Ryder Haggard's *4 KingSolomon's Mines " is 44 more poeticallyif not more picturesquely, told ".King Solomon's Mines is all right but not as we say the rain is right,and Defoe is as right as rain. (1) twiner recently issuea volumes mthe Everyman series are Renan's 44 Lifeof Jesus Harrison Ainswonh's 44 Admi- rable Crichton " and a funny 44 Book ofNousense " by several authors. THE HOUSE OF SATAN byG. /. Nathan. Knopff. LONG ago should this book havebeen reviewed for it is two yearssince it reached me.Had I a reason for delaying ? Yesassuredly I had a reason, and it wasto see if it would keep. It keepsright enough.I suppose all the other bottles weresold long ago, but you should makesure before you lose a late chance orbefore it becomes too late. For thisis full of good things, this bottle ofNathan.Nathan is one of those terriblepeople who attack the AmericanTheatre until it be attacked by theEnglish, when he ups with their heelsand he smothers their squeals and theAmerican Theatre is made shiningand splendid by the only stirringchampionship it ever gets, In short,Nathan may attack the AmericanTheatre, we may not. Or rather, those of us who hateand straightforwardly attack its imita- tion European Drama and methodsare allowed to pass and go on withour talk ; it's those who under-handedlypropagate the notion that all Americandrama is vulgar without manners these, and very rightly these, are thefellows Nathan goes for. He assertsthat "the English have gone so shrewdly(kind word) about this underhandbusiness that they - have converted allthe American critics to their point of••view ,He then shows that in the Englishdrama is just as much vulgarity, andthat the worst of manners are revealedby most of the characters.•• But Nathan is down on everything "is what I hear said, and it's quitefalse. He is quite clearly for as manythings as he is against others.He distinguishes between Stanislavskyand Danlshenko; while praising theformer he finds that " Dantchenko isa talented theatrical director but Godis against him ".Of the theatre he writes: "aTheatre must be a theatre evenbefore its curtain goes up on dramaDoesn't a sentence like that stamp thiscritic as one of the very few dramaticcritics of sense living today in theworld? Can we hesitate to trust sucha man for a moment ?—7 he replyis " 1 never heard of him". So therewe are : shout a bit louder, Nathan.One of the most admirable of Na- than's essays is upon the performanceof Hamlet in modern clothes, whereinhe speaks wise words of a work ofdramatic literary art as compared witha work of theatrical art.But he speaks his wisdoms so vi- vidly, never letting the reader go tosleep; and this is such a blessing be- cause a whole book of wise theatretalk can easily become a bore.But if a whole book by Nathan isenjoyable, how very much more somust be his regular columns whichreach the New Yorkers regularlythrough the press. 4I am unaware if this critic writes inany other Journal than in the M Ame- rican Mercury "t but for the sake ofthe good health of the New Yorkers1 hope he does; and if any readerof 44 The Mask " hasn't two or threeof Nathan s books, the sooner he getsthem the better. It's quite easy now, for his publisher Alfred Knopf has aLondon branch, (38 Bedford Place,London), and 1 advise you to makehaste and write for this 44 House ofSatan ", and, unless you have it already,for his 44 Land of Pilgrim's Pride ". Yes, on second thoughts it is im- portant to say this, for, while we sup- pose you to be a purchaser of books,we often discover you are not. Youtalk of Nathan and yet havenever read one word of him.Why not do that ?Yes, on third thoughts it's quiteimportant to have said this. THE MUSICAL QUARTERLY.Vol. XIII. No. 2. April 1927. G.Schirrner, New York•THE STORY OF MUSIC by PaulBekker- Dent &amp; Sons. Price / 0/6.LUDWIG BEETHOVEN'S PI A- NOFORTE SONATAS. W. Beh- rend. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 6/-. IT is strange to realize that beforethis queer century can be broughtto admit that a great artist is a greatartist, it has to be flattered by beingtold that he has a number of badfaults.Why the critic, a man of parts as arule, troubles to leave the artist's side fora moment to go over and chat confiden- tially with the people who don't un- derstand, don't want to understand, andwho deserve to be left without under- standing, is not clear.We rather enjoy seeing when oneof the lesser toadies is in the posture oflicking the boots of Mayfair or thetyres of an automobile; but when theexcellent Edward J. Dent strolls acrossand is seen chatting amiably with themugs it is a little disheartening butis worth consideration.Why does he do it ? why doyou do it ? why do I do it ? Wehave all time to think over the answer.1 for one cannot find a reply satisfactoryenough.But the fact remains that Mr. E. J.Dent recently addressed himself to 44 ayounger generation " and said that headmitted that Beethoven wasn't allthis and all that that the man hadquite a lot of faults...I won't attack Dent : he has a rea- son for feeling as he does. I haven'tfound that he very often bothers aboutthe mugs; I don't attack any youngergeneration, for it remains yet to be de- cided what is a younger generation.It would seem to be 44 a whole bodyof persons born about the same time " ;and I suppose that by now we arequite clear as to the triviality of most44 bodies of persons ". If a whole bodybe persuaded (without outside persua- sion) of the perfections of common sensewell and good ; but they never are.Only a firm personal persuasion canhelp to 41 remove mountains and 44bodies" are unfortunately quite withoutthis 44 firm persuasion " of their own.So that Dent's reason for conside- ring this whole body of persons andsaying that he agrees that Beethovenisn't this and wasn't that is puzzling.His article appeared in the 1927April number of 44 The Musical Quar- terly ", a number dovoted to the lifeand the works of Beethoven and wellworth getting.Another useful but not too well ar- ranged work is the 44 Katalogue derInternationalen Ausstellung Music imLeben der Volker, Frankfurt am Main,by Dr. Kathi Meyer, with its 340pages of text and its 59 plates.You can get it by writing to theprinters, Hauserpresse Werner U. Win- ter, G. M. B. H. Frankfurt A. M.Less useful is Paul Bekker's 44 TheStory of Music ", whereas WilliamBehrend's book on Beethoven is inte- resting because he does not fail to tellus a great deal about the man; smallfacts, not surmises, as he tells us allhe can about the music he was writingwhile these things happened.The facts have some connectionwith his work, but exactly what, no onecan quite say. You are an artist; youare writing verse; your cook brings upthe coals ; you are not troubled by this;she frowns or she doesn't; you haveeaten a poor breakfast; the coffee wascold ; or you have slept badly ; or itis raining. What do these small factsmatter ? They do matter, but do theyaffect your verse ? I will leave you tothink it over. It will take you sometwenty-five years to come to any de- cision... and then you will decide asI do.Beethoven. Let us listen when- ever we can to what he wrote andthank the stars for it and say nothing ;and get home and again thank thestars ; and so go listening on when thesounds have died out and be as grate- ful as we can.But never talk about Beethoven ;never persuade the silly world about him.There is a sensible world aroundus; let us always try to remain in itand with it: it is densely populated.The silly world is, and always has been,a monstrous fat clique. And the newgeneration will (unfortunately) see to itthat this clique is kept ever fresh andclaqu£. WILD HONEY by Frederick Ni- ven. Dodd, Mead &amp; Co. (No pricegiven), 44 W/ILD Honey" is nothing theatri-VV cal, but is a tale of a tramp in British Columbia by men who had totramp, not dilettanti. 41 There's nohurry—there's lots of time " is therefrain. 41 C'&amp; piu tempo che vita "as the Italian puts it.Frederick Niven is one of the tram- pers, and two queer fellows, Hankand Slim, are his companions. Theyride in, on and under freight-trains,sleep where they can, and do not fallout. They carry a frying-pan ; theymeet all sorts of people, but theyseem to prefer to be alone. Theywalk on without introductions. A tra- veller de luxe, even though he trampit, has those introductions, and entersin his 44 journal " after a long day'stramp, 44 reached Val d'Elmo mca at 10at night : was glad of the hospitablebed and the good will offered me bythe Baron del Monte ; after I had hada refreshing wash I descended to thediningroom where a dish of eggs withartichokes and a salad with some coldfowl soon revived me;—a bottle ofgood Bruciatto completed the feastNot so with Slim, Hank andNiven.And it is the utter absense of allhospitality which renders the book sowell worth reading. This first of all.And then there are some 4 pomes \" Sceptre and Crown must tumble downAnd in the dust "and when Niven starts quoting oneof these 4 pomes ' on the huge slopeof a mountain and Hank implores forsome more and gets a few lines byheart and goes off to say them overto himself—and not a soul to be metwith for miles and no hospitality tobe met with for years, we get to aland, a people, not easily come to, notoften seen. And there is much thatis amusing in the book. Yet how itcan emerge from so much that is de- solate is something I wonder at.Well, it's a tale of the fryingpan,sure enough, and of the very edge ofthe fire. THE GRASSHOPPER and otherStories by Anton Chekhov. Price2/6 net 0).THE BETROTHED by AlessandroManzoni. Price 2/6 net. Both is- sued by Stanley Paul &amp; Co. TheInternational Library Series. THESE Russian stories are gloomy,tragic but gloomy ; and they arecomic but wistful; pathetic but misty;and so often interesting when you candodge the gloom; well printed, well bound, light to hold in format; butgloomy and grey is the way of tellingthem. Not that all Russian things aregrey and sad,—witness Arcos and theother Russian Ballets.We suggest to the publishers thatthey bring out in this agreable edition avolume of Pushkin's tales just to showus all how the Russian can write whenhe likes, ....when he is not pining to- wards Revolution or spying on hishosts. For Pushkin is what is still calledin English very much the gentleman.But that 1 had seen 44 The Be- trothed " as a film I should haveenjoyed it as a novel; as it is I stop- ped after thirty pages of it. I couldnot go on: for the Film has quitespoiled the book of the words for me,and I am not surprised that the cu- test authors refuse permission to theCinematograph to popularize their plays,novels and stories for it assuredly chea- pens them. This 44 Betrothed " is anexample of what I mean. I washaunted by the film pictures and, itseems to me, I shall never be able toread any more of this masterpiece.And if witnessing a Romance like44 The Betrothed " as a film can pre- vent others reading it as it preventedme, it roust prove in time very bad busi- ness for the booksellers and authors.The Film stamps its pictures intoour brains; like jazz music it getsthere. And the Film picture and theauthor's picture are seldom the samething. It is like reading our bestbooks to the accompaniment of anumber of illustrations: these illustra- tions, say what you will, are not likedby men who are good readers. (i) See also The Mask, pag. 40, vol.XIII, 2927. C. DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA (Circa 1690).Engraved by Arnold Van Westerhout (1666-1728). Plate 6. I have been unable to discover in any books in my ownLibrary whether Van Westerhout was a scenographer, forwhat operas he designed scenes, or for what opera this andthe other scene (Plate 7) were destined.My prints are proof sheets pulled for the engraver andnot included in the book. But the designs were used in asmall book measuring about 13 x K. 9, for I have one of theplates in duplicate folded up to that size.The Theatrical books seem to ignore Westerhout entirely ;110 word of him in Professor Nicoll's '4 Development ofthe »rama Bapst's 44 Essai "or Ferrari's 44 Scenografia In both these scenes the Scenographer is concerned with" praticables ".In the first soldiers raise their shields on their spears,and on these shields which form steps two heroes escape.Even today such a theatric trick could only be achieved withimmense difficulty.In the second we see a practicable bridge over which asinger on horseback passes. It is claimed that De Louther- bourg made the first practicable( bridge for Garrick's Richard III.But this is early and the bridge in 4&lt; Ercole in Tebe 1661, is still earlier. DESIGN FOR A SCENE FOR AN OPERA (Circa 1690).Engraved by Arnold Van Westerhout (1666-1728). Plate 7. MAGAZINES. QOME of the most interesting En-O glish magazines — those held tobe exceptionally good — do not reachus, for they contain very little abouttheatrical things.But there cannot be a very muchbetter magazine published in Londonthan the " Monthly Criterion 9\ andthis seems to be increasing in strengthwith every number — and I am toldthat the sales are very good.Its January Dramatic Chronicle byF. S. Flint is excellent, and the " Flo- rentine Journal " by Arnold Bennett isespecially readable by those of us whohave known Florence, but, for those whostill live there, it can not be particularlylively.To me it lost much of its freshnessby coming to me fitfully, both from England and America. It was in the4* Monthly Criterion" and in the A- merican 44 Bookman ". 44 The Book- man, though it had to travel acrossthe Atlantic, would bring me Bennett's44 Journal" about a week before thesame thing arrived from England, whichnot only shows 44 The Bookman's"wide-awakeness, but also Mr. Ben- nett's. For Ptlr. Bennett or his agentswould have to send to America, get-areply, agree or disagree to terms, signa bond, and so on, before 44 Bookman "could start printing. And the 44 Month- ly Criterion" would perhaps have towait for a signal which said 44 Go ".Then both would start off runningtogether.Therefore that 44 Bookman " shouldhave arrived first, and have issued in itsDecember number what 44 Criterion "issued in its January number, makes megleeful and at the same time I don'tlike it. As one of the Public I object.I don't see why this 44 FlorentineJournal " should have been printed intwo different magazines. It's Business.Good. Mr. Bennett's writings areneeded in America as well as in En- gland. Good. All I would hold isthat if this be good and proper, the twomagazines should keep to their owncountries and not be exported.The colour of the 44 Criterion'scover pleases me so lAuch, the goodpaper second, the type-setting third, andthe Dramatic notes most of all.That a single note on English Dra- matics can sound at all thrilling strikesme as a little wonderful but Mr. Flintmanages it.His comments on some wierd ela- borate settings are admirable ; his objec- tion to those actors of London whocultivate middle-class respectability isjust, yet what else have they to cultivateif they would escape an early death ?I like the 44 Criterion " for its con- stancy to the artist ; for it would pay itfar better to disregard him : and the44 Criterion ", in not accepting what toomany journals accept the pay whichgoes with the kick to the artist—is notdoing anything very exceptional, youthink.There you err. It is acting asother famous journals would like toact and haven't the, pluck to. EDITORIAL NOTES.JANUARY: FEBRUARY: MARCH. STRINDBERG, BARONPALMSTIERNA ANDROBERT LORAINE. IN the recent and much advertisedquarrel between the Swedish minis- ter in London, Baron Palmstierna andRobert Loraine the English actor, wethink we discern the fine diplomatic handof Mr. C. B. Cochran. We think thatit must have been all Mr. Cochran'sdoing so as to secure a rush for tickets.If not we can find no reason whateverin the whole incident.We see no reason for the Swedishminister to have bothered his headabout whether Loraine was going tomassacre Strindberg or no for ifactors should chop him up in piecesStrindberg would not be destroyed.You can't destroy Strindberg. Strind- berg would only vanish from England.We sympathise with the Baron inhis wish to protect the work of afellow countryman, but Strindberg canlook after himself. Loraine was rude; but Loraine wasalso polite: he expressed his regretsfor having been 44 unnecessarily rudeColonel Loraine is the right sort: butLoraine the actor is the wrong sort.He thinks and writes that 44 it is betterto cut a passage in a play than ap- pear to be conveying an impression ofobscure and awkward thought." Thenhe defends his having left out wholepages of Strindberg's dialogue.That won't do. The thing actorshave to do whether English, Russian,Spanish, French cr Esquimaux, is totake time and go to the pains of dis- covering what is the thought of adramatist, not to protest that a passagewhich they have not understood is44 obscure and awkward " and cutit out.In the course of five hours wehad translated only eleven pages "writes Mr. Loraine. What matter ifeven in ten hours you only manage toget but four pages done so long asthey are done properly. We find that eleven pages in five hours is fairlyquick work.Besides, why leave such an impor- tant work to the last moment ? Atranslation of a play by Strindbergshould be ready at least six monthsbefore rehearsals begin. The trans- lation of such a dramatist shouldhave been submitted to Mr. BernardShaw, Mr. Robert Lynd, Mr. Des- mond McCarthy or any eminentEnglish critics who were on the spotwho understand Dramatics and whohave quick wits.After that, perhaps, a visit of cour- tesy to the Swedish Minister.But to ask the Swedish Minister todo our work for us is a little toomuch to ask: to fail to appreciate hisservices, after having asked for themtoo, is exceeding all bounds, WHAT'S IT ALL ABOUT?£5,000,000 FOR THEATRES.MR. SZARVASY'S BIG SCHEME.ALL " BRITISH MONEY". UNDER three headlines a LondonDaily announced the formation cfa corporation for acquiring 44 a greatgroup of kinematograph and othertheatres" in England.(Not the Shakespeare MemorialTheatre, by the way).What it failed to announce was whe- ther the Brains would be all British.No amount of money, not fiftymillions even if all British, can beproperly administrated so long as theBritish artists are unemployed.By British artists we mean the play- wrights, the actors, the stage directors,the designers, the dancers, the singersard all. Great combines are all fluffand worthless until the Brains of theTheatre are combined.But if you have £5,000,000 thereis no longer any excuse if you fail tocombine all the talents in one group. CO VENT GARDEN THEATREo AGAIN. a COVENT Garden Theatre has oncemore awakened.To realize what?That Chaliapine and Foreign Operasare firstsclass things.Why wake up to discover whatwe all knew? Go to sleep again.Covent Garden, for you are a noodle.The brilliant London Daily journals,brilliant in twenty ways, but dull asditch water when considering thetheatre, allowed the Direction of this scheme to announce that it will be44 on the grandest scale", that CoventGarden will give a ten weeks seasoneach year for three years, 44 not as goodas that in continental capitals but finerthan anywhere else in Europe ".Again let us repeat, unless you haveall the talents you cannot do as you say.Unless these talents can ripen underconditions which are lasting you cannotget them to combine. You seem toforget that artists in their work arepractical men and never join sillyschemes like this.And let us ask press and public tobe a little more serious. MILLIONS AND MILLIONAIREPATRONS OF THE ART. 44 ' | TIE Mask " has for twenty yearsA now been telling the Englishintelligences the truth about the wholematter of the Theatre and nothing isdone to make matters better. Onlymore millions are spent.New millionaires never heard oftill yesterday appear and fail as usualto do their duty or even to keep theirpromises.And think of James White too !What but harm to the Theatre is he?While we are prepared to championany genuine patron of the Arts, weare equally determined to deride anyweak failures of any wealthy menwho, being in a position to act astrue patrons of the arts do no suchthing, but go running after publicityon the strength of having dribbled out£lO,OOO in many directions. STRATFORD - UPON - AVON. SOME Americans pretend to beamazed that the Britishers, BernardShaw and Gordon Craig, can be foundprotesting against Americans helping tobuild the Theatre for Shakespeare.These Americans suppose Shaw andCraig to hate the interference of theYankees. They don't. What theyhate is the situation in England whichfor some unknown reason obliged theenthusiasts in Stratford-upon-Avon tobeg from America or to see thewhole project fail. The talk aboutShakespeare being the Universal Poet isall bunkum. So is Dante, yet Italydoesn't muddle its affairs and allowprivate persons to annex the Poet andrun him from Ravenna where he diedor Firenze where he was born.Mr. Flower and the small Shake- speare group in Stratford-upon-Avonshould never have been allowed to doas they have done. When Statues or Theatresare erected, France sees to it, notBoulogne-sur-Mer. When Goethe ishonoured the whole of Germany seesto it, not Mulhausen or Ebberfelt oreven Weimar. And France, Italyand Germany do not invite Americansor any other nations to contribute butonly to share as guests in the festival. IF NOT SALVIATI... WHO ? ONE or two experts in matters Histo- rical, Theatrical and Scenical,have written us suggesting that thetwo designs which served as frontis- piece to our last issue are not, as at- tributed, by Francesco Salviati; maybe by some artist of a much laterdate. They may be; but after all, theBritish Museum isn't exactly a placewhere incompetent men are given im- portant positions, and these two designshave been long enough in the BritishMuseum for a correct decision to havebeen made as to who was their designer.If it's incorrect, what the deuce isthe matter with our keepers and as- sistant keepers of our Drawing andPrint Department of the said BritishMuseum?It may be the error of our agentwho procured the photographs andcopied out the information and theKeepers may have merely put 44 attri- buted to Salviati ".Instead of 1550 the drawings cer- tainly look more like the work donein 1640 indeed, two scenes madeby Giacomo Torelli dated 1644 and1645 and reproduced as Figures 267,268 in Professor Nicoll's 44 Develop- ment of the Theatre " and the scenefor 4411 Solimano " 1620, Figure 96of the same book, are assuredly remi- niscent of these two so-called Salviatidesigns. But for our part we should beas willing to agree that Raphael had de- signed these two scenes, and Raphaelwas a good deal earlier than any ofthem yet often looks a good deal later.Raphael dates from 1483 to 1520,yet his work is sometimes florid enough,or, say masterly enough, to look likework at least a hundred years later.We am not speaking like experts; weare merely going by how it strikes us.So if it's only a matter of lookingmuch later than Salviati's time, thenthe British Museum Authorities maybe quite correct, and Salviati maywell be the designer after all.But what a jolly find if they turnedout to be by Raphael, who was oc- casionally given to the designing ofsceneries for the Pope. LAST WORDS. WHO IS E. 8., LONDON?A word in support of Mr. Leslie Fa- ber the English actor who 44astoun- ded " the excellent E. B. who writes44 Theatre Notes " on that importantdocument issued regularly in London'4 The Official Theatre Guide or Pro- gramme for the Week ".Published by T. B. Lawrence of Im- perial House, Kingsway, W. C. 2, Lon- don, this sheet is issued to tell ns whatis being performed in London, at whichtheatre, and when. And E. B. likes toadd a few 44 NotesIn one of his Notes he says he was44 very astounded to read the remarks ofMr. Le lie Faber regarding the infinitesuperiority of the American Stage overour own Pie then proceeds to saythat 44 Having been to the United Statesfor the last twenty years, my last visitbeing as recent as 1927, the impressionobtained there was, from a point of viewof acting, production, and of house or- ganization, we had nothing to learnWe hate that: it leads nowhere butalong that old rut where E. B. loves tosquat with some of the West End Thea- tre Managers Ltd. who 44 supply the in- formation " published by this excellent44 Official Theatre GuideWe support Leslie Faber's state- ment not because we like all Americanmethods but because we hafee the me- thods ol those in love with squatting ina rut. What Mr. Faber meant was this :'• America is going ahead ; why not goahead in England ? "Is that a very wrong thing to say ?Should it astound anyone but mugwumps?He is but a mugwump whoever heis who asserts that 44 we have nothingto learn " ; for even when Americanmethods are preposterous, we have tolearn where not to follow them. »It is E. B. and some of the West EndTheatre Managers who seem bent onfollowing fhe worst American methodsInstead of their best.Mr. Faber was speaking on behalfof the best American methods.The worst American method can becondensed into a phrase, 44 Money atall costs " ; and that is the method whichpossibly E. B. and some of the LondonManagers so dread to see imported.It is not a little innocent, that dread.Let us recommend to our contempo- rary in America, 44 Theatre Arts Month- ly this admirable weekly report pub- lished by Mr. Lawrence, and suggestthat if carefully read week by week itwill yield food for thought, offering,as it does, themes for the most enter- taining articles on the backward (thatdon't mean conservative) section of theEnglish Stage. ON BEING LIKED. J. B. 44 Everybody in the world speaks wellof him ". Sheridan.MR. P. G. Wodehouse, whose Lbridgeand whose Psmith have given mehours of delight, whose books I buyand do not get sent 44 for review ", has,as most people know, recently had agreat success with a play in London.Whether he has had other successes on the stage I cannot say ; but a Lon- don Daily has recently published a fewof his wise words about the Americanstage and the prices paid to Americanperformers ; these he states to be 12 % oft he gross takings to the leading lady, 10 %of the gross takings to the leading actor.il As the theatre (Mr. Ziegfeld's) istaking 50,000 a week it means thatthe two of them are drawing jointlyir,000 a week which is more than£ 200 " said Mr. Wodehouse, addingthat a young English actor is quicklybecoming the favourite juvenile lead be- cause 44 everybody likes him" And, do you know " added Mr.Wodehouse, 44 I believe that being likedis at least as important as genuine meritin every angle of the theatrical businessnowadays Which strikes me as thetruth—the emphatic truth.And I am thinking what a goodthing it is that Mrs. Siddons is dead,and Edmund Kean, Talma and Racheland all that lot 44 safely stowed Theywould have been liked by no one today.I doubt if even Irving and Bernhardtwould be liked tcday—liked in the sensethat the young juvenile in America isliked. And if I may continue thinkingaloud upon this matter I don't know thatsome of our best rulers are liked—or thebest ones that are coming likely to beliked over much,Mr. Calvin Coolidge is liked, I shouldsay—but who knows. I should not usethe word 44 likeable " in regard to Si- gn or Mussolini,—it's just a little too smalla word for il Duce.And, in the trifling matter of thetheatre, who knows. Perhaps it's lesslikeable people who are needed to bringthe American and the English stages tosomething more approaching their rightform.... That phrase 4' everybody likeshim " so well appreciated by our brilliantWodehouse is not really much recommen- dation for the young Englishman in NewYork if our not less brilliant Sheridan(English playwright 1751-1816) is in anyway to be trusted as an observer of humannature. Isn't this how the talk goes :Sir Feter Teazle. Joseph is, indeed, whata youth should be, everybody in theworld speaks well of him.Oliver Surface. I am sorry to hear it ;he has too good a character to bean honest fellow Everybody speakswell of him ! Pshaw! then he hasbowed as low to knaves and fools asto the honest dignity of genius andvirtue.Not for a moment will I admit thatthis applies to our young Englishman inNew York ; but it is to be compared care- fully with Mr. Wodehouse's descrip- tion as to what is important in the Thea- tre business of today and pondered 011 —a little. mmmtmmmmmmmwamammmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmKmmtmammmmmmmmmmamammmmmmammmmmmEVERYTHING I~K ITS PLACE'44 Rill " Thompson, the mayor ofI) Chicago, for some reason dees notlike the British to be in too much evi- dence in the same Chicago.We have seen how in the last yearor so he has done away with all the Bri- tish elements in that city which he couldcontrol. And why, in the name of Ame- rica, not ? What harm will it do to England orAmerica if England be excluded fromChicago? Wbat good would it do toAmerica or England if England shouldever colonize Chicago ?And now apply the same argumentto Stratford-upon-Avon.That the English keep out of Chicagoand the Yankees keep out of Stratfordis the commonsense wish of every sens- ible and disinterested American and En- glishman.We can love each other quite asWell at a distance ; may be even better. LAST EDITORIAL.THE DISCIPLES OF SALZBURG. J. S. TT'he Times — its Literary Supplement—,has invented this title, "the disciplesof Salzburg " for some of the Englishmenwho yearly make a pilgrimage to thatcharming old Austrian city where Mozartwas born, where Reinhardt now hastheatres and a large and hospitable palacewhere he entertains, and where otherartistic activities flourish.The Times is still young; it can -touch the spot with precision; if it isold fashioned it was one of the fashionsto touch the spot: nowadays amongstthe fashions we revere that of missingthe target by a mile. But who are theu disciples of Salzburg i} ?There is Mr. Ashley Dukes, Dr.Allardyce Nicoll, Mr. Sheldon Cheney;who else ? We are eager to learn. "And, talking of learning, it is presumablyto learn that Duke, Nicoll and Cheneyvisit Salzburg. Would you have themvisit Genova which is not so far off?To learn what do the disciples olwhom visit Salzburg ?If Reinhardt be a disciple of Craig— disciple is the most gracious word wecan find — why be a disciple of a dis- ciple ? This is what Fleet Street wasasking yesterday and the West End isasking today and Earl's Court will beasking next week.We fully expect to hear that theColliers of Newcastle are off to Athensin a few weeks to look for coal there:and so we have wired to Signor Popo- loplipolis " Newcastle sending coal ex- perts to your city—do not fail to despatcha few Athenians to England — lots of owls have been located there." TO THE ILLUSTRIOUS MEMORYOFADOLPHE APPIAMARCH 1928.MASK.