Bruno's Weekly 3 2 June 24th MCMXVI naaq_1916-06-24_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 2 Peace? Who will bring it? Illustration 1 I dreamed of an age grown strangely picturesque—of Hubert Crackanthorpe cre 3 Lord Northcliffe — Napoleon of English Newspaperdom 3-5 Lord Northcliffe Illustration 4 The Fort on Blackwell's Island 5 Men Needed! Arkadij Awertchenko cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 5-6 O. Henry's Wit Harry M. East, Jr cre 6 Music Peter Altenberg (Vienna cre 6 What Can You Do? Alfred Kreymborg cre 7 The Corner Table at Jerry's Tom Sleeper cre 7 In the Court of Domestic Relations in the Year of our Lord 2,000. 7 Asphalt Tom Sleeper cre 7 Within the Gates by No. 5153 8-9 Musicians Illustration 8 Forty Years in Prison Illustration 8 Sweet Repose Illustration 8 Letter from Home Illustration 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 The Genius of China W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 10-11 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 The Five Sister Pansies Hubert Crackanthorpe cre 11 Reveries From the Swedish of Fred Fleuron, by Guido Bruno cre 11 Pink Cheeks Translated by Guido Bruno cre 11-12 If I Were Kaiser 12 PRIEST, (in Foundling Asylum)—And what name 12 Good Night Dimond Crisp cre 13 An Untimely Thought Vincent Starrett cre 13 The Worm Lillian George cre 13 The Son of Alfred Dreyfus 13 Washington Square on a Rainy Day 13 Untitled Image Illustration 13 Judas Iscariot W. Dorochewitch cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 14-18 Butterfly Dance. By Clara Tice Illustration 15 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUARE Five Cents June 24th, 1916 Copyright by Guido Bruno, June 24th, 1916. Original matter,tnduding all drawing*, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditif given to author and Bruno's Weekly. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 2 JUNE 24th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, and edited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 Wash- ington Square, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. ... _ \ Peace? Who will bring it? Hubert Crackanthorpe I dreamed of an age grown strangely picturesque—ofthe rich enfeebled by monotonous ease; of the shiveringpoor clamoring rightly for justice; of a helpless democracy,vast revolt of the ill-informed ; of priests striving to berational; of sentimental moralists protecting iniquity; ofmiddle-class princes; of sybaritic saints; of complacent andpompous politicians; of doctors hurrying the degenerationof the race; of artists discarding possibilities for limita- tions; of pressmen befooling a pretentious public; ofcritics refining upon the busman s methods; of inhabitantsof Camberwell chattering of culture; of ladies of thepavement aping the conventionality of Nonconformistcircles.And I dreamed of this great, dreamy London of ours;of her myriad fleeting moods; of the charm of her por- tentous provincialty; and I awoke all a-glad andhungering for life. Lord Northcliffe — Napoleon ofEnglish Newspaperdom Lord Northcliffe TTHERE are certain unwritten laws and standards inEngland more or less laid down by the snobs ofsociety which will help you to form an opinion about aman. One of them is: Observe closely where a manlives. Not how he lives, but just the address, that's themain thing.Lord Northcliffe, proprietor of "The Times," selectedfor his residence, St. James' Place; in the heart of theultra-fashionable part of the city, right among the palacesof the proudest of the Empire. Where Lord Ellesmere,in Bridgewater House locks up his valuable pictures, rightnext to Stafford House, seat of the Duke of Sutherland,shaded by the Marlborough House, the palace of thePrince of Wales, only a few steps from the medieval St.James Palace, once upon a time the residence of Englishkings; here, where one is tempted to say, he can keep aneye from his own windows upon Buckingham Palace,here lives Lord Northcliffe, the first Baron of the Isleof Thanet, who only a few years ago was a simple Mr.Alfred Charles William Harmsworth.He is a strong, massively-built man, over the middlesize, with a firm, broad, clean-shaven face. His head isof the Cecil Rhodes' type. One of those despots who areaccustomed to take, a typical company and state promoter.The strong will of the man expressed by his prominentcheek bones; his eyes look sharply and coldly, his hairfalls disorderly over his forehead. He was about to givehis valet a few orders, he was saying good-bye to hisSwedish physician, Dr. Sylvan, who gives him daily amassage treatment and he ordered one of the waitingsecretaries to hand him the balance sheet of the previousday, showing the exact sales of all of his papers. He stopsat "The Daily Mirror." For some time its edition,amounting to about 850,000 daily, shows a decrease of35,000 copies. "What's wrong with my shop window ?" he asks ofthe secretary,—-in reality more of himself. The elegantyoung man, in his morning coat, his white waist and whitedoesn't answer."Who is the sub-editor?" The young man mentionsthe name."In three days we have to again reach the old figure,"remarks the chief very quietly. "Yes, my lord," is theThe secretary picks up his big portfolio and dis- appears.The next morning the placards in front of the news- stands announce in letters a yard high, a new sensationprinted in the"Daily Mirror." The newsboys are callingout a new never-heard-of slogan into the world: "TheEnglish population will perish if it doesn't eat standardbread!" or "The fifty most beautiful English womenwanted, big prizes!" or "Germany builds seven newdreadnoughts, what will England do?" or "Balfour hasto go!" And for a week now, standard bread or someother sensation will be the town talk, the one problemthe whole city seems to be anxious to solve. Everybodywishes to be informed. Everybody wishes to say some- thing. The circulation goes up again and next week therewill be a new sensationOne mustn't believe that Lord Northcliffe, "the typicalEnglishman" (he was born forty-one years ago in countyDublin, Ireland) measures up to an English ideal. Onthe contrary, he is or at least he was until the outbreakof the war, the one best hated man in the country; anda good many did not hestitate to say outright what theythought about himThe politicians fear him, the intellectuals despise him,artf avoids him, the radicals fight him, the independentsshed their blood for him, all throw mud at him and—allbuy him.But one would have to admire the gifts of this man,his business instinct, his Napoleonic greed, his tremendousenergy; one would have to praise his talent as an organizerif he only would have among his many papers one fightingfor decency. But the man who started his journalisticcareer at the age of sixteen with a very modest article onamateur photography in a periodical for young peopleand in an almost unbelievably short time monopolizedEnglish newspaperdom, preaches daily almost everythingbut everyday decency. His only prayer is: "Lord giveus our daily 'standard' bread to-day!" or some other sen- sation.And if standard bread loses its attraction and men dis- regard his "shop-windows," his make-up changes withsurprising alacrity, creating new more alluring attractions.He takes a bunch of many-colored flags, emblems andheraldic animals—that'something for the children—hehires music bands and parades them through the city- people gather quickly—and . . . the loud-soundingvoice of "The Times," which Northcliffe calls "the echoof the times," will proclaim excitedly this or that, and indicate clouds somewhere on the horizon; it will inciteclass against class, people against people, warning, threat- ening, clattering; and what his "Times" prophecies inthe morning will be quoted the same evening in his "Even- ing News" and in his "Observer" and in his Paris edition.It will be commented upon in next morning's edition ofhis "Daily Mail" (London and Birmingham). It willbe illustrated in his "Daily Mirror" and reproduced inhis "Leeds Mercury," in his Glasgow "Herald," in hisManchester "Courier." Northcliffe becomes a worlddanger. The machinery of his mamoth gramophone isenormous and his megaphones speak weekly to at leastthirty millions. He is a tree which has the desire togrow into Heaven.Alfred Charles Harmsworth started his first journalin school. He studied in Cambridge and they wantedto make him a lawyer. But at the age of seventeen hewas the editor of a newspaper with a salary of $4,000.At twenty-two he risked his savings of about $25,000 ona weekly called "Answers." The orange yellow coverof this paper is well-known to everyone who ever walkedwhere the union jack flies. It wasn't a new idea, thispaper of his. Two other newspaper magnets, Sir GeorgeNewnes and Mr. Pearson had dearly paid for their ex- periences. The orange yellow paper "Answers," a rivalof the poison green "Tit-Bits," asks questions and give answers. "Which bug can move its wings the quickest?"for instance, or "What kind of plumes are the most ex- pensive?" or "Why is the inside of the skin of most wildanimals of white color?" or "How far would all numbersof weekly issues of Answers reach if laid out side by side?"—a sort of an instruction which might lead to the stupify- ing of people.At the age of thirty, Harmsworth was seized by politicalambitions and he founded the"Daily Mail." Gladstonehad done away with the newspaper excise stamp, madethe penny paper possible. Harmsworth reduced the priceto a half-a-penny. A bomb couldn't have created moreexcitement in Fleet Street. The street of adventures, asit is often called by English journalists, was in an uproar.A hundred newspapers were in danger of collapsing.—The liberal "Daily News" and"The Daily Chronicle"had to immediately follow the daring example. Lateron came a few more. The half-penny paper found im- mense circles and willing buyers. And finally even theprogeny of the family Walter, who had been the rulersof the "Times" since the eighteenth century, had todescend from their pedestal and to sell their paper cheaper.The great city paper fell and landed ultimately at thelevel of the penny paper. "The Daily Mail" which ithad been predicted would be quickly ruined, conqueredthe field under Sir Alfred's managership. English news- paper printing in its entirety was revolutionized.Harmsworth had been received in the meantime re- peatedly by King Edward. Political megalomania gothold of him. His conqueror's hand grasped at "TheTimes." Everything seemed in his favor. Moberlie Bell,managing editor of "The Times," previously its corre- spondent in Egypt, who had prepared the subjection ofthis country journalistically, with Lord Northcliffe, under- stood each other very well. The deal was perfected andthe lord of Carmelite House had once again his sensation.The sensation without which he cannot live. He in- vented the sensational newspaper and he curtailed thecirculation of the worthy one. The English newspaperhad been previously written by gentlemen for gentlemen;but Lord Salisbury already had remarked about North- cliffe's newspapers, that they had been written by errandboys. To take vengeance for this remark, Harmsworthhad Salisbury's nephew make him Lord Northcliffe.Northcliffe was inclined to favor free-trade. One dayhe heard Chamberlain and witnessed the tremendous sen- sation this statesman created among the many thousandof his listeners. Next morning all the papers owned byNorthcliffe came out strongly for the protective tariff.The hysterical actions of the suffragettes had started tocreate a sensation. So Northcliffe founded a daily paperfor women. It didn't sell and therefore he transformedthe political paper for women into a kind of illustratedhome magazine "The Daily Mirror." The part thisman of the daily, almost hourly, sensation played duringthe South African war is well known. That he hollowedfor war against Russia at the time of the Doggerbankaffair, is on record in his papers and that he welcomedthe war against Germany, the evidence is there daily.He loves war because it is a sensation; because it increasescirculation. There is no mystery about Lord Northcliffeand principles do not bother him very much. To-dayhe makes statements and to-morrow he will publish sus- picions, accusations and even denouncements against him- self.He knows that there is nothing more successful thansuccess and that people have a short memory. This ishis whole philosophy. His dream is a world-wide news- paper trust; Rockefeller and the Standard Oil are hisideals. Recently he has arranged a news exchange with"Le Matin" and he has extended his influence to the"Novoe Vremja." Once upon a time he was as wild anadversary of Russia or of France as he is to-day of Ger- many.They call him the Napoleon of his trade. He's rathera dancing dervish who is turning and turning and turning,yelling wildly . . exciting the curiosity of the masses.The shrine where he worships—Carmelite House—is avery peculiar mosque. They preach the religion of un- scrupulousness. Their god's name is Jingo. And LordNorthcliffe is his prophet. (Sil-vara, the special correspondent of the N. F. Presse(Vienna) had an interview with Lord Northcliffe twodays before the outbreak of the war, in July, 1914, andthese are a few of his impressions as gathered from thepages of his paper. G. B.) The Fort on Blackwell's Island D EFORE the days of steamboats, and in that period ofour history when the leading citizens of New Yorkresided in and about Washington Square, there pliedbetween what is now Long Island City and Lower Man- hattan, an ancient and weather-beaten ferry-boat. antiquated barge never left its rude mooring unless sig- nalled from the opposite shore and then only with thegreatest dignity and precision, so that the travellers onthe opposite bank would often raise the flag that sum- moned the craft and then compose themselves for a nap.The Captaiii of this vessel looked as old and time-wornas his charge, and it was said, even in those days thathe could not compute the age of his ship since it had beenhanded down as a legacy from time immemorial. At thetime of which I write, many wealthy merchants had builtfor themselves those stately old mansions across the riveron the shores of Long Island where their families werewont to pass the summers, and thus the old Captain dida thriving business during that part of the year. Black- well's Island also afforded a quiet retreat away from thebustle of the little city, and here we might picture happychildren playing upon its shining sands or romping throughits tranquil woods in search of berries. Picnics found anideal spot for their festivities on its lovely shores andmany a gay party had the old Captain landed there fromhis old vessel.One bright morning as he sailed over to the LongIsland shore he noticed a small skiff drawn up on themarsh grass that covered the extreme/ northern end ofthe Island, and he could make out the figure of a manengaged in building a rude shelter far out on the point.Days and weeks passed by and at length a tiny house rosefrom the marsh while the figure toiled on and on, makingthat exposed spot suitable for human habitation. The house or hut was finished and the old Captain wonderedwhat would next occupy the mind of the solitary stranger.He longed to obtain a closer view of this lonely hermitand one day sailed close in by the point where the figuretoiled from morn 'till night. There stood an old manwhose long white hair was swept by every breeze, andwhose tottering form He had seen silently and ceaselesslyemployed on that tide-swept point. The following weekthe astonished Captain beheld the lonely visitor digginginto the mud about his house and piling up great banksbehind the trenches he had thus made. Months passedby when at length the sloping walls of a rude mud fortbegan to take shape on the point. It was slow work andthough he toiled early and late, the rising tides often sweptaway in a few hours the industrious labors of a week.Yet 'he persisted with a spirit that no hardship couldovercome and no obstacle discourage. Indeed the pranksplayed upon him by the wind and tide served but toredouble his energy and perseverance.A year sped away and people gazed in wonder on thewalls of a tolerable fort constructed with mud and rusheswhich the old man had built. At the end of three yearshis mud covered battlements looked out upon the riverwith an imposing air as if they dared the haughty invaderto try their mettle. Still the old man toiled, adding herea wall, there a redout, and at last fixed in those frowningwalls a number of pieces of stove-pipe so that the wholestructure assumed the bristling appearance of a redoubt- able stronghold. The fort on Blackwell's Island had nowbecome well-known among the river men and the Captainsof the larger ships that sailed up the Sound began to fireoff salutes and dip their colors as they passed the mudcastle on the point. This evidently gave great pleasureto the old man for he would always shows himself on hisbattlements and doff his hat with the air of an Admiralto the masters of the passing vessels. At last he raisedup a flag pole within his castle and then it was indeedcomical to see the colors faithfully dipped whenever aship honored him with a salute. There is a tale told tothis day among the old river men of how a British Manof War mistook this mud fort for an actual harbourdefense and fired off a great salute upon passing it, andhow the old commander appeared and doffed his capmany times and dipped his colors gallantly to the greatamusement of the river men along the shore.The old fort went to rack and ruin many years agowith its old commander and builder. Wind and tidesoon laid it waste, and even its builder is forgotten; yetthere might be some old cronies who are passing theirlast days at Sailors Snug Harbour who could tell you asthey have me, of the old Fort on Blackwell's Island. Men Needed! By Arkadij Awertchenko Translated by Guido Bruno Adalja Tichonowna, the daughter of a well-known andrich merchant, was seated in the office of Madame Fjokla,matrimonial agent in Moscow."And if you don't like this one, well, take another one,"said Fjokla, "as if there weren't plenty of men in Moscow.Here you have Krutilow Jegor Ywanitsch, a fine man.He is a member of the Secret Service. All men on my list have brilliant positions. He knows how to show hisfist. And he has some fist! A fine man I tell you!""Oh, no, no . . . they say that the secret servicemen whip their prisoners . . . maybe he would bebrutal to me, too.""But, dearest, what do you want. . . . That's howmen are. He surely won't beat you every day. Therewill be days he won't even touch you, but if you don'twant him, we shall look for another one. For instance,I can't think of a better one than Vassili Wassiljenitch.""Is he an officer?""No, he is in the administration. But why do you pulla face?""In the administration! Then he must be a grafter!""That is a part of his profession!""And if he comes to our house in order to get ac- quainted, he may perhaps take something along with him.""But surely, that might happen only as long as you arenot married to him. Afterwards he will carry things intothe house only. Anyhow, if he should come, we can lockup all valuables and not use silver spoons at tea-time.""They have sharp eyes, alright, and if he should happento get hold of something, what does it matter? Isn'the the betrothed?""And how much salary does he get?""His salary is good: 47 roubles and 52 kopecks.""But on that salary, we shall starve!""You are so foolish, dearest. Only yesterday, he toldme: 'Fjokla, get me a wife who can talk French andGerman. . . . I'll take her every year for a tripto foreign countries!' ""Is he rich?""I told you he has a monthly salary of 47 roubles.""You are talking nonsense. Whom else have you?""There is Tschitschikow. He works in the customHouse. He surely isn't a thief. Every day he bringshome a package with nice soap or fine material for a suitor for underwear- 'My wife,' he said, once to me, 'mustwear silks and velvets.' He is a grand man.""He must have a private income.""His salary amounts to 37 roubles, 82 kopecks. Inaddition, he gets 2 roubles, 11 kopecks for the main- tenance of his quarters. He really is a wonderful man!There is just one thing I have against him. He is keepinga Frenchwoman and plays cards rather heavily.""But what is he doing this with?""Why, didn't I tell you that he has 37 roubles and82 kopecks monthly and that he receives in addition tothis, a compensation for the maintenance of his quarters.""Well, I don't understand that. Whom else do youhave?""Of course, if you don't like Tschitschikov, take Winti- kow. He is an employee of the city railway . He is agrand man, but I want to warn you that he is a grafter,not only once in a while, but every day our dear Lordgives us. I heard rumors yesterday, that he is includedin an indictment of railway officials.""You fool, why do you offer me men who are mixedup in criminal proceedings?""But, sweetheart, so it is nowadays. Every young manwho would be a nice fellow to marry, is either underindictment or locked up already.""And how about those mentioned previously?" "These, too, are either locked up or under indictment.Krutilow's case is set down for next week. Tschitschikovwill be tried early in the fall calendar, and Wintikoff,immediately. But Amposhejev! Immeditaely after his-time is up, he will be ready to get married and he is somegrand man.""I really would like to know why you waste all thistime telling me about men who are grafters. Haven'tyou got one on your list who is a decent chap ? Or aren'tthere any at all?""Of course, there are; plenty of them, honey. Thereis the student Ivanoff and the lawyer, Petroff and theeditor, Wassiljeff-—all of them fine, reliable people.""Well, then, why not speak about these men?""Yes, but you know . . . .""Well ....?""They are locked up, too." O. Henry's Wit Harry M. East, Jr. AN editorial writer on a Philadelphia evening paperrelated an anecdote on O. Henry, to me, which Ithink has not been told before.A certain editor in New York, ordered a story fromO. Henry, and he promised to have it written on a certaindate. However, when the time arrived, the story didn't.The editor waited. No story. He became impatient, andwrote to O. Henry, who promised to have the story readysoon. Finally the editor received the story, and he senta note with a boy to O. Henry: "Hereafter, if you don't"keep your word, I will kick you out of my office the nexttime you enter. And I keep my promise!"To which O. Henry replied: "So would lif I used my feet!" Music Peter Altenberg (Vienna) THE little girl was practicing the piano.She was twelve years old and had wonderful softeyes.He walked quietly up and down the room—up anddown. He stood still—and listened and was strangelymoved.There were a couple of wonderful bars- which kepton coming back.And the little girl brought out of them all that was inthem.As though a child had suddenly become grown-up."What is that you are playing?" said the man. . . .!4'Why do you ask? That is my Albert study—BertiniNo. 18; when I play it I can't help thinking of you.""Why . . .?" "I don't know, it just is so."As though a child had suddenly become a woman!The little girl went on practising. Bertini No. 19,Bertini No. 20. Bertini No. 21, 22, 23 . . . but thesoul did not come back again. What Can You Do? Alfred Kreymborg IT'S absurd, I know,to be so happy.Still worse, I know,to be a fool:And worst, I know,to have no reason:To be so happy,without a sou.Come search my pockets,and you can't find one.Still worse, my home;you'll find me poor.And worst, my credit:you'll find me pauper.To be so happy,without a sou?Tobacco's gone,but I am happy.The next meal, where?I'm happier still:absurd, I know:(but what can you do ?)that I'm so happy,without a sou. The Corner Table at Jerry's Tom Sleeper. DIDyou see that young man who passed, cheered bythe crowd ? That is my son.His mother left us when he was four. I have neverheard of her since. She liked fine clothes, comforts, littledelicacies . . . perhaps she got them.My job didn't pay well. The work was hard and thehours long. Somehow I couldn't get ahead. Perhaps Iread too much. All that I made, after she left us, wentfor the Boy- He was like his mother; he liked fine things,and I was too proud of him to say no. He got his school- ing. I sold my books for that and worked a bit overtime.It was hard, though, and I wasn't exactly well.Then the Boy got into politics and the people seemedto like his speeches.But he needed money, money, money, and I wanted himto have it; so I got him some.They sent me up for it—five years.When I got out nobody wanted a jail bird. Even theBoy couldn't recognizemmit—it would have hurt his career—I understood- But it's been hard for me not to jumpup, when the crowd's cheering him and everybody's shout- ing his name and say: "He's mine, he's my son!"So I sit here, day after day, drinking and coughing,waiting for the papers, to read about the Boy. Leroy, thebarkeep, gives me my food for running errands and doingodd jobs. I guess I wasn't intended to be much else any- way.- Once the Boy came in here with some friends. Myheart pumped. I wanted to claim him then, but he lookedat me and I knew I couldn't. I heard them talking andlaughing about me. On the way out he flipped me a quar- ter. "Tommy, get a good drink while you're about it,"he said. I have the quarter yet—see? I understood.Drinks, Jerry! I won't last much longer anyway, andthe Boy's doing wonders, isn't he?Let's see the paper.Tust like his mother in most respects. God bless themboth! , In the Court of Domestic Relations inthe Year of our Lord 2,000. WOMAN JUDGE: "Defendant, you are accused ofhaving abused your wife, because she refused to buy youa new hat."DEFENDANT: "My wife told me before we married,that she had a monthly income of $400. It proved tobe untrue. At the time we married, I gave her all mysavings to the amount of one thousand dollars and I hada wonderful trousseau. I had sewed and embroideredit all myself. I have regretted it all these years that Ididn't remain a servant."WOMAN JUDGE: "Why didn't you remain aservant?"DEFENDANT: "The mistress of the house teased meconstantly and I became the prey of her daughter, thelawyer.WOMAN JUDGE: "Therefore, you married?"DEFENDANT: "Yes, my present wife seduced meand in order to save my honor and my good name, I hadto marry her."WOMAN JUDGE: "Have you any children?"DEFENDANT: "Yes, I have two and my wife hasfour."WOMAN JUDGE: "Why don't you apply for adivorce?"DEFENDANT: "But how shall I get a living?".■ WOMAN JUDGE: "Your wife will have to pay youa monthly alimony until your daughters are of age andable to take care of you."DEFENDANT: "Under these circumstances I wishto be divorced."(Divorce proceedings are immediately instituted.) Asphalt Tom Sleeper. DOOR tinsel puppets of an asphalt world* Whose brains about your stomach's rim lie curledWhat can you know of mysteries that lieBeneath the stars.You with your gossip and your brawling cabaretYour wine lists, and your fear of what "they say"What can you know of the deep hush that comesWith summer nights.Prouting like peacocks, puffed with self-esteemYou'll strut and mince a little hour or twoThen like the dust of puff balls disappearFrom whence you came. Within the Gates by No. 5153 Musicians Forty Years in Prison Sweet Repose Letter from Home Course the federal prisons differ materially fromthe state penal institutions in the personnel of theinmates, as the government at Washington picks andchooses among our inhabitants for delegates to its threesanitariums for derelicts.Safely housed and free from 'deleterious outside in- fluences at its Atlanta institution are ex-pastmasters whohave failed to have the requisite amount of cost on handwhen the inspector dropped in; national bank clerks andofficers who had been going the pace and failed to success- fully fix up their books to cover their abnormal expendi- tures ; then there are those wards of the nation from Indianreservations who have not behaved just right. Theseare mixed in with a lot of post-office yeggman, mutineersfrom the high seas, offenders against various federal laws,financiers of the "high" variety who have used the mailsin the pursuit of their prey and others who have vainlytried to live by skill instead of labor. But they are a reasonably happy crew in spite of ardentdesires in every heart to have that day arrive when theywill be permitted to go out into the big world and tryagain. They live together in their unchosen fellowshipin a higher state of peace and good will than would anequal number on the outside chosen at random.Among the men at Atlanta are some able writers ofboth prose and poetry and several men who are cleverwith brush and pen. Among these latter is one whograduated from banking circles to take a post-graduatecourse in that "college of another chance." He is not a genius, but he is clever with pen and pencil as a fewexamples will indicate. He is one of those self-taughtchaps and shows the need of instruction, but he hasthe right spirit and is a keen observer."The letter from home" brings a flood of regret and hopeful resolutions. And he has plenty of time to groundthem deeply as he lies night after night on his hard bunk.But "music hath charms" to soothe even the hearts of imprisoned men and they get much joy and comfort fromit during the evening music hour and when they are on the grounds on pleasant Saturdays and Sundays. "Sleep,sweet sleep"—"that knits the ravelled sleeve of care,"brings temporary oblivion and surcease from sorrow. Theall-pervading topic of conversation, if a one-sidedharrangue can be called conversation, is "my case" withall its ifs and ands, its pros and cons, its rights andwrongs.And how it is pushed at the poor chap who is in acorner and can't escape. But there are many wearyhours when there is "nothing to do but think" and the men sit about and eat their hearts out. Then they growthin and peaked, have no appetite and—go to the hospital.Then one encounters the old crooks who have been atit a life-time. 4'The old counterfeiter" after forty yearsin prison, off and on, mostly on, has finally decided thatthe game is not worth the candle.And the last scene of all, the prisonburying ground, outside the big wall, reservation,whence are carried those who receive a pardon fromthat higher tribunal and from whom there is no appeal. The Genius of China W. G. Blaikie Murdoch. rT' HE little exhibition, at present gathered in the Metro- * politan Museum, and consisting of early Chinesesculpture and pottery, supplemented by a few Koreanthings, is one which nobody in New York, caring seriouslyfor art, should fail to go and see. In the main, the exhibitsare artistically arranged, though some of them would havebeen seen to greater advantage, certainly, had they beengiven more carefully chosen backgrounds; while the cata- logue is worth buying and worth keeping, not by reasonof the very erudite nature of its contents, but by reasonof its quite singularly tasteful appearance. Moreover, asMr. Charles Ricketts observes, in his valuable Pages onArt, "Too much is known of Japan, too little of China."And it is not the case that many of those endless people,caring deeply for the woodcuts, the kakemonos, the faienceof Japan, are prone to forget that Japanese art is but thedescendant of Chinese? Not till about the 13th century,A. D., did the Japanese begin to achieve mtich excellence,whereas the -Chinese were active before the dawn of theChristian era; and how rare an artistry was often theirs,in that remote day, how deeply they loved beauty eventhen, is testified abundantly by the present exhibition. Father and Son In some ways, too, China, the father, is greater* thanJapan, the son; and the difference between them mightbe compared, perhaps, to the difference between Flandersand France. Owing a great deal throughout the middleages to Flanders, France has wrought frequently, sincethen, with an elegance and charm denied to the Flemishschool. But, if the latter has never produced a sculptorlike Clodion, an ebeniste like Cressent, a painter likeFrancois Boucher, neither has France brought forth anyartist so majestic as Van der Goes, Rubens or Van Dyke.And, in the same way, China has never yielded so daintyand graceful a master as Utamaro, there being neverthe- less, in the best of old Chinese work, a lofty grandeurapparently beyond the alchemy of the Japanese, Hokusaihimself not excepted. Besides, the finest Chinese workis more spiritual than the Japanese: it has, in larger degreethan the latter, that sense of mystery, that air of remote- ness, which are among the prime insignia of the noblestart. What, then, is to be learnt from this grand Chineseschool? Where lies the importance, for American artiststo-day, in this temporary gathering at the MetropolitanMuseum? The Cult of Simplicity Whoso would paint a great picture must become as alittle child. Thus, if not exactly in these words, saidPaul Ganguin on leaving France for Tahiti, there tocarry the quest for the simple to the ultima thule, espous- ing, to the best of his ability, the life of the primitivepeople round about him. And ever since he took thisstep, quixotic, possibly, by no means resulting, however,from mere desire for notoriety—simplicity has been apositive motto among the generality of aspirational youngpainters and sculptors, alike in Europe and America.Well, those who are inspired by this cult will find, in theChinese exhibition, a plenitude, of things well worth ac- cepting as an exemplar; and these words hold good, notjust of the sculpture, but of the faience. For the pristineMongolian potters knew little or nothing of the rich,intricate harmonies wherewith, in the minds of most people, Chinese art is mainly associated; and often theycompassed beauty, just by their wonderful skill in con- ceiving and moulding a fine shape, the actual material theyused, being frequently monocromatic. Sometimes thismaterial is destitute of intrinsic charm, but at other timesthe single colour employed is no less wonderful than theshape, its choice reflects no less masterly an aestheticism;and this pink, these varying shades of iris—do they notcompete more with flowers than with anything made bythe hand of man? Or look at these vases, which belongto a rather later period, hence having on them slight floraldecorations; and observe with what infallible tact, innearly every case, the little spray has been placed on itsrepoussoir. Here, indeed, is ideal designing: a lesson inthe craft of composition, that craft which is the mostdifficult of all those which the artist must master. Sculpture And turning from the faience to the statuary, thereare found, in numerous works, passages of the utmostincisiveness, the artist expressing some given thing in whatis seemingly the briefest possible manner, as witness notablythis little statue of Narayuin. He is a deity, regarded bythe Chinese as the protector of Buddha; and he is repre- sented, accordingly, as a man of vast physical strength.But whether himself a devout Buddhist or not, the sculp- tor in this instance has stated, clearly, his contempt forbrute force and lack of intelligence, stating this with buta few, significant touches, trenchant and economical asa drawing by Goya, a phrase by Thackeray or Fielding.Other sculptors, whose subject is Kuan Yin, the Chinesedeity of compassion, show themselves equally fearless asregards criticising, the natural assumption being that amodel was used; and studying various effigies of thisgoddess, it transpires that the stone was originally glorifiedby diverse hues Like everything else which is waningeverything suggesting vanished splendour, these faintvestiges of colour are a little pathetic; yet in a sense theyreflect further and great credit on the old Chinese masters,for how beautifully their works are ageing! Art, Not Egotism Is it possible that these bygone Chinese masters, realizingthat time would alter the guise of their handicraft, workedever with that fact in mind, seeking to create what wouldlook as lovely when old as when new? That is a questionwhich will never be answered, in likelihood; and yet thereis one matter, concerning these artists of the remote past,which admits of no hypothesis, for the whole nature oftheir work indicates clearly that they all loved beautypassionately for its own sake. To-day, more than in anyother age, what is called individuality is constantly andnoisily praised by painters and sculptors; and many, intheir longing to be original, are apt to produce insteadthe aggressive; they are inclined to forget that what isnot before all else reposeful, and essentially decorative,is no work of art, however personal and novel a mannerit enshrines. Now, in the old Chinese work, there is any- thing but a lack of individuality, on the part of the dif- ferent artists. But each seems to have achieved this quiteunconsciously, seems to have taken no thought for it, onthe contrary setting himself a technical criterion of thehighest order, eternally striving after it with love andreverence. And hence, salient if not paramount amongthe things the Chinese exhibition emphasizes, is that no man can be an artist without thinking far more aboutbeauty, than about uttering his personal vision. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. Beauty also is to prove how one may get along withoutbrains.Bragging about what you have had and lost is poorammunition to help you bag what you lack and need.When the doctors disagree, the patient better agreesto take the pills of the doctor with whom he best agrees.Many of life's comedies are but aborted tragedies, andaltogether too many of its tragedies, just comedies thatran away with their authors.What we don't know about Shakespeare, makes it somuch easier for us to believe all we'd like to believe thereis to know, especially if we believe it would discredit someof the things we seem to be compelled to believe aboutShakespeare.A little of a whole lot of things is more than a wholelot enough of too many things. The Five Sister Pansies Hubert Crackanthorpe *T HESE are their names—Carlotta, Lubella, Belinda,Aminta, Clarissa. By the old bowling-green theystand, a little pompously perhaps, with a slight superfluityof dignity, conscious of their own full, comely contours—•a courtly group of rotund dames. Heavy Carlotta, theeldest, lover of blatant luxury, overblown, middle-aged,in her gown of rich magenta, all embroidered with tawdrygilt; Lubella, wearing portly velvet of dark purple, sensual,indolent, insolent as an empress of old, gleaming her thin,yellow eye; insignificant Belinda, bedecked in silly sen- timental mauvre, all for dallying with the facile gossipof gallanterie, gushing, giggling, gullible; unsophisticatedAminta, with tresses of flaming gold, amiable and obviousas a common stage heroine; and Clarissa, the youngest,slyly smirking the while, above her frock of milk-whiteinnocence. Reveries From the Swedish of Fred Fleuron, by Guido Bruno Bird and Man A LITTLE robin took quarters in a hedge on the out- skirts of the park, right next to the sidewalk.That's what I call confidence.The bush is open on all sides and is half naked yet,—only the skeleton of the green parasol to be.From far away his nest can be distinctly seen; the hemi- sphere of straw, pressed into the fork branches, shines inthe sun and tells how new it is.jf Passerby, I look at it:Yes, the bird is in there. He puts his head under hiswing and makes himself as small as he can—-he isafraid. ...."No, he passed by! He surely did not see me!"What a heart-refreshing confidence! . . , . confi- dence in the thorns of the bush that shelters him, . . . in Mother Nature, who, in not less than a week, will haveready for him the green hiding place.In humanity?Never! Sic Transit Gloria Mundi KJ OT much was left of the old oak.Everything: the branches of its crown and twigs—even the bark—was gone, and left was only the trunkwith its stumps of branches, naked and uncanny, staringhigh up into the air,—a testimony to the heavens that theyoung forest had stolen the life of the oak.But once, a long time ago. . . .Yes, long ago the oak was reaching after passing clouds.Ravens built their nests in its broad crown and thousandsof plants and smaller vegetation grew out from betweenits roots. Generation after generation played at the feetof the oak, cut hearts .and initials in its hardened bark andmet under its sheltering green roof to declare love andexchange sweet secrets. . . . And, to-day,* not evena sparrow would take a short rest on the dried, dead trunk.That's what they call in the forest: forgotten. Pink Cheeks Translated by Guido Bruno. IN Xenophon's Oikonomikos, Socrates listens to a model* farmer who claims to have cured his young wife ofher habit of using paints."Once I came home," he says. "My wife's face wascovered with red and white paint; her feet clad in shoeswith high heels, and I said to her: 'My dear wife, doyou think it would be more easy and pleasant to live withme if I would show you my possessions just as they areor if I would tell you stories—if I should tell you I ownmore than I really do; if I should give you counterfeitmoney or gold-plaited necklaces instead of solid gold onesand imitation purple for genuine?' 'Don't say suchawful things," she exclaimed. 'It would be terrible if youwere such a man. I couldn't love you with all my heart.''Well," said I, 'but didn't we form a unity not only inthe way of worldly possessions but also of our bodies?''Yes,' she said, 'that's what we did.' "" 'Now when do you think I would be a better husbandto you? When I do all in my power to keep myselfphysically healthy and strong, preserve for myself the rosycheeks of health or when I appear before you with rougeon my face and black under my eyes so that you wouldhave an unreal man at your side, would see and comein contact with rouge instead of my own skin?"" 'I would not prefer to come in contact with rougeinstead of your own skin,' she said, 'and the black underyour eyes would frighten me.' ""Now my dear wife, you shall know also that red andwhite paint on your cheeks does not please me more thanyour own color. Just as the Gods provided that horsesshould prefer horses to everything in the world, cattlethe cattle, sheep the sheep, in the same way the unfalsifiedhuman body is most pleasing to the human being. Painton the cheeks, when seen from a distance, might deceive,but when two people are living together constantly andnotwithstanding this fact are trying to deceive one another,under these circumstances, discovery cannot be avoided.Be it in the morning before they arise or before they havean opportunity to paint or when perspiration does its damaging work on a hot day or tears are betrayers or therain sent from heaven washes away the self-inflictedbeauty." #"By the God," said I, "what did she answer to this?"Oh," said he, "her answer was—she never againused artificial means to look beautiful, but always triedto appear nicely as she was. But she asked me to adviseher what to do to look pretty without the aid of powderand paint. And then I advised her not to sit always inone chair like a slave tied to his work but that she shouldtry to move about freely like the Gods, to take a seatoccasionally at the loom, teach the hired girl the weavingshe knew better and to learn from the girl that which shewas more skilled in doing than her mistress. I told herto look after the servants in the kitchen, after the house- keeper when she was distributing rations to the servantsand go through the entire house to see that everythingwas where it should be. This, I thought, would provideher witlf a walk every day. And if she did as I said,I told her, she would have a better appetite, she wouldremain healthy, grow to be more healthy day by day andin fact the color of her cheeks would grow prettier andprettier."And that's what she's doing now, Socrates! My wifeis doing as I advised her, her cheeks are pretty and pinkand she would never think of using paint again." If I Were Kaiser IN an old issue of the famous German weekly "Jug end,"of 1905, I found a series of short articles written byten-year-old boys expressing what they would do if theyshould suddenly become, by some miracle, the GermanEmperor. The teacher of a lower class of a gymnasiumhad chosen this subject for exercises, selected the worthiestefforts of his pupils and sent them to the editor of theffJugend " "Every boy had to finish his theme in three- quarters of an hour," he writes in the accompanying let- ter. "It is evident that most of the children have a won- derful talent . . • for ruling" I. Later on I would like them to elect me emperor ofGermany. I would travel to Africa. There I would killall Herreros. After the war we would come back to ourown home. I would have had caught five hundred Her- reros alive. These I would bring with me as slaves.They would have to do all the work for the princes. Ifthey should refuse to work they would get the whip.They would have to work in the fields and then theywould have to clean the house. II. One day I had to run an errand for my mother. Rightin front of the bakery I wanted to take the money frommy pocket but the money wasn't there any more. SoonI went back home to my mother. My mother gave me alicking. Shortly afterwards someone knocked on thedoor and it opened by itself. The Kaiser entered andsaid: "Why do you beat your child?" She said, "becauseit lost my ten marks." "Because you have beaten yourchild I shall take it with me." And when they arrivedat the castle, the Kaiser said to his servants: "Give thischild beautiful clothes because it is mine now-" He be- came Crown Prince. The father died and he becameKaiser. He was crowned and the princes swore alleg- iance to him. They celebrated for three days. After thecelebration was all over he went home. Everybody wenthome. Everybody went with him. His mother he or- dered hung in the market place. III. If I should become Kaiser I should have to be a captainat first, and have to know how to march well. And if Iam Kaiser, I shall get five or six armies of soliders. Allsoldiers have to salute me and have to obey me. If alittle war breaks out I don't go in the war. If a big warbreaks out I go. The big battle will last three years.After it has lasted one year, the medical troops come intocall for the sick. Afterwards the battle starts anew.The war lasts two more years. During this battle stillmore soldiers were wounded and the medical corps couldn'tcarry them all out. During the last battle only twentysoldiers and one captain were wounded and the surgeonsfound it easy to attend to all of them. IV. If I were Kaiser, I would go to the poor house andhand out money to the poor. They would be glad and Iwould go to my palace in my own room and drink a glassof wine. Fd build for the poor a big house. They couldlive there without paying rent. Their beds would haveto be made. And Fd give them again a thaler and finallythey would be so rich that they could live alone by them- selves. And then Fd go to the orphan asylum and theywould all thank me. And then I would drive out to mymonuments. All people would salute me. And I wouldthank them. Women would wave their handkerchiefs.The men would take off their hats and the boys wouldscream, Hurrah! Hurrah! and I would throw moneyto 'them. And then I would look at my soldiers. Themusic would play. I would have a crown upon my headand my horse would have a big wreath around its neck. V. What I would do if I were Kaiser? I would be veryglad. I would have a lot of soldiers and I would have abig ship. Mostly I would be travelling in order to knowmy country. I would create new order wherever theremight be disorder. The whole people would have to obeyme- But I would make them love me. I would givethem a lot of money so that they could buy food. Sun- days I would go to church to pray. Then I would returnto my palace and ask my servant if dinner was ready. Iwould go in the dining room and eat. In the afternoonI would go out driving. In the evening I would eatagain. All at once a messenger would come and tell methat the Chinese were revolting. Therefore I left mymeal, took a lot of soldiers and went against the Chinese.We were victorious and the Chinese lost. PRIEST, (in Foundling Asylum)—And what namedid you choose for this child of your sin ?MOTHER—I'd like to call him Moses, if I might.PRIEST—Moses! Such a holy name; why Moses?MOTHER (meekly)—I thought, because he too wassuch a poor beggar of a foundling. Good Night Dimond Crisp J leaned far out* Into the night,And the blossomsWhich grewRound my windowTouched my cheekCaressinglyFor a momentI pausedThe eternal mystery of nightHolding me.Then with arms outstretchedI whispered "Good Night"To the world which on the morrowPerchance I might not see. An Untimely Thought Vincent Starrett THIS is the very same bed;In it my grandfather died.Well I recall what he said:"This is the very same Ded!"Just that—and next moment was dead.Now, I am here with my bride!This is the very same bed—In it my grandfather died! The Worm By Lillian George 1 found a greenish-gray worm clinging to the under- side of a maple leaf ;It had no color of its own but reflected the tone towhich it clung.It seemed perfectly happy wriggling and creepingalong.I suppose some day it will be a butterfly.There is a woman in the flat below meShe always seems to be in a kitchen apronShe has a great brutish husbandShe seems to have no moods of her own.Yesterday he told her to hurry with his dinner ashe had to return to work.She scurried away at once. He was cross and tired.Her face at his harsh voice, became pale with fatigueand work.Yet she seems in a way content—I suppose some day she will be a saint. The Son of Alfred Dreyfus The son of the Devil's Island exiled lieutenant of ar- tillery, Peter Dreyfus, received honorable mention forhis good services at Verdun. Especially on the 26th, 27thand 28th of February and in the first days of March, hesucceeded as observation officer in the most violent fire inkeeping contact with his battery and in directing its action.Gustave Herve says in"The Victoire": "What happi- ness must have been brought to Alfred Dreyfus, and hewell deserves it. No other officer of any army in theworld was ever abused as Dreyfus was by French mili- tarism." Washington Square on a Rainy Day O AIN drives the children from the square; the home* less men and women from their benches where theysit and rest and dream of better times, past and future.A heavy sadness seems to hover over the Village when rainfalls continuously as during the past week. The asphaltis whitewashed, the grass seems greener and the branchesof the trees heavy with water, which drops in regular in- tervals into the puddles on the sidewalk. The busses arefar and few; they hardly carry any passengers at all.Women with one hand hold their skirts high, with theother the umbrella over their heads; men wear rain coatsand slouch hats and all walk with bowed heads lookingin careful search for dry spots.An automobile whizzes past like a spitting dragonsplashing muddy water to the right and to the left. Thecop in his rain coat under the sheltering arch looks likeNeptune risen from his ocean- The skies are gray anddark clouds make prisoners of the rays of the sun. Theday is gloomy. Judas Iscariot By W. Dorochewitch Translated by Guido Bruno Butterfly Dance. By Clara Tice JUDAS did not hang himself.Judases never hang themselves. Suicide rumors ofJudas were spread in Jerusalem, and the apostles, in thepurity of their hearts, never doubted them for a minute:After that terrible crime of his, what else was thereleft for him to do?But Judas did not hang himself.He only took it into consideration.He went out into the forest, chose a tree for himself,fastened the rope to it, wept for his past life—and thensuddenly changed his mind.What brought him to his senses was the followingconsideration:"What I did was a great sin. Suicide also is a greatsin. What shall I, unfortunate man, do? Shall I add toa great sin by committing another one? Didn't theMaster himself say that there will be more joy in Heavenover the sinner who repents than over ten saints whoneed not repent? But in order to repent I need time.My duty towards myself; my duty towards Heaven isto live, to live, to live. To live as long as possible inorder to gain a long time to repent in."He unfastened the rope from the tree: so that it mightnot lead into temptation some unfortunate who thinkshe is through with life and who doesn't recognize thetruth as he did.He put the rope into his pocket.Even a rope might be useful to perform a good work.And he walked back toward the city.The way was long.Long ways usually bring many thoughts.Judas thought:"I have to undergo a great penance. I have to makeit as hard as possible for myself. I could try it withpoverty: to be the last among the last. But would itlead to anything? Really it would be easy for me! Itwould mean that I make it easy for myself. Have I aright to do this? Didn't the Master say that it is easierfor a camel to walk through the eye of a needle than fora rich man to enter the kingdom of Heaven? May Inot put obstacles into my own way in order to make itharder for myself?"Judas went to the High-priest and said: "Yesterday inmy ire. did I throw at your feet thirty pieces of silver.To-day I am quiet and I have changed my mind. Themoney is mine. Give it back to me."The servant of the High-priest, a respectable old Phari- see, reported this to Caiaphas. Caiaphas again was morethan ready to rend his clothes in his desperation."So then this Judas, who was supposed to have hunghimself, has come back to like again? What is the mean- ing of this?"There was plenty of excitement in the city already.Several rumors were going around. Everywhere theyspoke about the missing body of the Crucified, secretly theyadded to these rumors that Christ had arisen."We have to make an end of all this!" cried Caiaphas,very much excited. "The pro-consul is, anyhow, verymad. This affair is beginning to look important! Theyspeak too much about it! Give this dog his thirty pieces of silver, but only upon the condition that he leaves thecity immediately!"The servant of the High-priest pulled his long beardand stroked his whiskers, and said to Judas: "The High- priest has ordered me to hand to you these twenty piecesof silver. It is only his great mercy that moves him togive them to you. Now get out and keep your mouthshut."Judas put the twenty pieces of silver in his pocket;shivered and left Jerusalem.He went to the next port, awaited favorable winds andsailed by the first ship that left. He went to Alexandria.He selected for himself as his future habitation, a smalltown with a good climate in Egypt: "I must try to liveas long as possible for my work," he said to himself.It was a town in which were many poor people. Therehe settled- Judas thought again: "The Master has orderedThe rich shall give to the poor all of his possessions.But I own nothing yet. Twenty pieces of silver—whatis that? At first I have to obtain riches in order to beable to give them away. If I should ever get rich, thenI will be able to do the right thing: not miserable pennieswill I give to the poor, but uncounted wealth."Delighted with his thoughts, he continued: "What shallI start to do?" And he decided: "The best will be tolend the money to the poor in such a way that the moneywill never be in my possession; it will always be at thedisposal of the poor. If the poor need it they can takeit. Later on if they don't need it any longer they canbring it back in order to take it again in times of need,just as if they took it from their own pockets."And he began to lend out his money on easier con- ditions than the other usurers and at first he also askedless for interest. Soon all the other usurers were ruinedand had to move to other cities. Then he increased therate of interest. In order to make his dream come trueso much the quicker, he said to himself: "The others areusurers, I am a benefactor. The others earn the moneyfor themselves, I am doing it only for a good cause. Iam only the keeper of your money. You, the proprietors,can come and take whenever you wish to. I am takinginterest only to be able to lend out much more money."And so the poor not only enriched him, but they werealso grateful.The city had many poor and therefore usurers gotrich quickly.The women of the town were famous for their beautyand Judas said to himself: "If we consecrate an offeringto God, we do not offer him an old ox, worn out fromlabor, but a calf which never wore a yoke yet. I, myself,am an ox exhausted from labor. Our father Abrahamdidn't wish to sacrifice himself either and a voice fromthe clouds didn't tell him: "Abraham, sacrifice thyself"but it ordered him "Sacrifice your son Isaac." I alsoshall do as our father Abraham did. Abraham's god wasa god of Death. Our god is a god of Life. I shallbring him my first son to live, him whom I shall educateaccording to the laws of our religion. Accept my Isaac,0 God!"And Judas married a beautiful girl. After she had bornhim her first son, Judas spoke to his consciousness: "Now1 have just one duty : to educate my son in piety and inthe principles which I recognize as the right ones. Nothing else will matter to me. Starting with to-day I shall beonly the keeper of his house.He ordered artisans to take down the old name abovethe entrance to his business and to putin its stead a newone. It read: "Judas Junior."And again Judas was thinking very deeply: "I am theone who committed the crime. Therefore, I have to dopenance for it. My son is innocent. He doesn't need todo penance. What right have I to give away my propertyand to condemn him to poverty—-he who never committeda crime? Shall the innocent suffer for the sins of theguilty? Would that be justice? And could such in- justices please the Lord? For my own money I had onlytwenty pices of silver and those I used up long ago formy daily living expenses. All money that I have nowwas brought in by the poor. This money is not my own.I shall give it to my son. He can do with it as his heartand his conscience tell him to do. It is my duty to edu- cate my son by words and examples."And old Judas educated him, his little Judas, by hiswords and by his deeds. He was educating him constantly.Whenever people came into the shop of Judas Junior,boiling over with indignation and desperation, swearingand damning, Judas, the authorized manager of his son,said: "Never and towards none should we permit ourtemper to get away with us. We should always love eachother." They answered: "How can I love my worstenemy r* Judas answered with a mild smile: "You should evenlove your enemy. If he sees your love, he, too, will loveyou. Hatred is always defeated by love." On purpose, hetook occasion to repeat this in front of his son, so thathe would learn from his earliest childhood.Often someone came and begged, in his helplessness:"Give me money, I will pay any interest you advise; thisone or that one oppresses me and I am in danger of beingthrown into prison."And Judas would say: "Take from my son the doubleamount and pay your creditor. He will be ashamed ofhimself." Of course they very rarely paid any attentionto him. They said: "It is easy for you to talk, you area saint. You have renounced everything in order tobecome the authorized manager of your son." Sometimessomeone called him "saint" and very soon it became hisname.One would say: "Let us go to the saint. He will takesome of his son's money and will give it to us."In the meantime the new teachings which had origin- ated in the wonderful valleys of Judea and on the peacefulbanks of Lake Genesareth had spread all over the worldlike oil on the surface of water and had filled it withits peace.In the town in which Judas was living with his son,came a young Christian, Nathaniel. He was a pupilof Christ's disciples. He preached the new teachings.But everybody who listened to his sermons, seemed tosay: "All this is known to us. Everything was taughtus by our saint, by him who renounced life in order tobecome the authorized manager of his son, the usurer."Nathaniel was anxious to make the acquaintance ofJudas. "How is it that you know all this?" he asked,in reverence."The Master himself used to tell me all this more than once," answered Judas. "I used to live in Judea.""You have seen the Master himself," cried Nathanielenthusiastically, and holy envy filled his heart. "And Iknew only his disciples; what wonderful men they were!"And Nathaniel started to tell him about the apostles."This one went to this and this place, another one ispreaching there and there, so they say, and still anotherone has been martyred already."Judas asked many questions about them and told littlepersonal stories he knew of them. Nathaniel listenedand admired Judas who knew all his beloved teachers.And then they spoke of Judas Iscariot. "Who is he?"asked Judas."You should know him," exclaimed Nathaniel," themiserable dog hung himself."Judas, whose ear had been accustomed to the "saint,"shrunk back when again he heard the word "dog." Hefrowned. He stroked his beard nervously."Why do you call him a miserable dog?""How else should I call that traitor, him who hasbetrayed the Master?" asked Nathaniel, quite surprised.He, too, had become excited now. The blood rushed intohis face. He got up from the bench upon which he hadbeen seated and paced up and down with big strides.Judas looked at him very severely and sternly, dis- satisfied."So you hate Judas?""Surely.""You look upon him as your enemy?""Upon him as my worst enemy!""You should love him."Nathaniel became pale and looked horror-stricken atJudas. Judas continued to look grave, like a judge: "Hewronged you, didn't he? taking the best you had,—theMaster?""Yes," said Nathaniel, scarecly audibly."You should love him because he wronged you sobadly."Nathaniel kept silence."You should forgive him."Judas arose: "Judge not, that ye be not judged." Andhe disappeared into his son's store.The next day Judas was seated again upon the stonebench. Nathaniel approached him, all broken up, withan unhappy expression upon his face. Like one who isconscious of his guilt. He stopped a few steps in frontof Judas and said, in a voice choking with emotion: "Oh,you happy man! You have heard the Master himself,therefore you know his teachings better than I do. For- give me my hasty and thoughtless words, which musthave offended the peaceful quietness of your holy soul!"He almost broke out into tears. "Do you know how Ipassed the night and what my constant thoughts wereuntil the sun rose this morning?""Be it that it was well pleasing in the sight of God.""I have prayed for Judas."Judas arose and laid his right hand upon the curlyhair of the youth: "Continue upon this road, my son,it is the right road."From this very day, Nathaniel, the head of the Chris- tian congregation, would do nothing without having firsttaken counsel of Judas and having received his orders.The congregation grew and grew and the importance and glory of Judas grew too.Upon the advice of Judas, the congregation founded abenevolent society: to help the poorest of the poor. Every- body paid monthly dues according to his income."You might deposit the money with me," counselledJudas. "To me comes poverty and to my soil's store,and indeed, I know the poorest of the poor*, just such asneed a benevolent association!"Judas tool in all the money and never accounted toanybody for it. This finally created a lot of talk, andonce, Nathaniel, blushing and stammering in his bashful- ness, said to Judas: "Forgive me for what I have to sayto you. I am only the spokesman of my flock. A few—of course, not the very best ones—wish to know—pleasedo forgive—they wish to know who receives the money—please do forgive me!"Judas responded with that stereotyped mild smile ofhis: "Tell your flock: 'A good deed is good only if thegiving hand doesn't know what the distributing one does.'Do you know whose words these are?"And Nathaniel, ashamed and humiliated, spoke to hiscongregation: "What did you want to do? You wantedto destroy your own good works."And all shook their heads and murmured: "Oh my,oh, oh, my, what Christians we are!"And then there was another thing that Nathanielthought strange.Judas, of course, only as the representative of his son,was still occupied with usury. And then it happenedonce in a while, that he oppressed the debtors very badly.It happened often. It happened almost constantly. Blush- ing and embarrassed, he once mentioned this to Judas.Very carefully, not to embarrass him. But Judas was notembarrassed. With an especially sweet smile he omittedto answer the question and started a story about theMaster, once in the society of sinners and publi- cans. . . . "Yes, of publicans, my dear Nathaniel!"Nathaniel was ashamed. He took upon himself fastsfor penance. Because he had judged his brother. And inthe future he didn't feel at all like asking Judas questions.*He is a holy man. He knows what he is doing. Sucha holy man never errs!"And ultimately all followed the example of Nathanieland believed in the holiness of Judas. He, himself, be- lieved in it, too.Once in a while he incidentally remember what hadhappened, once upon a time—over there—in the Easterweek in Jerusalem. . . . Then it seemed to Judasthat it must have been someone else.Seductions of the Devil.Errors of youth.It seemed to him that that Judas whose face he hadalmost forgotten, had died long ago.Judas knew well the congregation of believers. Morethan once had Nathaniel suggested to him: "You shouldbe the leader of our congregation.""I prefer to be the last one."Nathaniel could not help thinkinf "what a sly fox heis." But he was anxious to dispel these temptations ofthe Devil and thought "What a saint."Anyhow, Judas was the leader of the congregation. Thecongregation obeyed Nathaniel and Nathaniel obeyed Judas. Judas gave counsel and dispensed justice, hepunished and forgave. And so he passed the evening ofhis life most peacefully.As he began to feel weak, he called his son to his room,closeted himself with him and said: "Now I am old andweak and I cannot serve you any longer. You are theunrestricted master of your property. What you wish todo with it is your own business. It is up to you to con- tinue the work of your father or to give it up. As youshall decide it shall be. But do remember, what ourfathers and our fathers' fathers were taught: 4You shallhonor your father.' Whatever you may decide to do, donot insult your father or his memory."Judas Junior answered: "If I should give up businessjust now everybody would say 'He is looking down uponhis father's business. He must think that the way hisfather acted and transacted business was unworthy. Thatwould mean judgment for you and dishonor to your mem- ory and therefore I must follow in your footsteps and Imust always remember what you taught me.""Yes, my dear father," exclaimed Judas Junior withenthusiasm, "I will not depreciate your name. I shallmake it famous. With regret and with gratitude shallpeople think of you. I shall increase all interests uponall loans and all will think mournfully and thankfully ofJudas' father who was kind and obliging to his neighbors."Judas placed his hands upon his son's head: "You aremy son; I see that I did not raise you in vain in reverencebefore law and old age. The seed did not fall uponrocky ground."Judas spent the rest of his life in peace like a patriarch,counsellor and a living testimony to everybody.And then came the hour of his death. In the richlyappointed chambers of the Jew had assembled the Eldersof the Christian congregation. The congregation itselffilled the hall and the streets surrounding the house. Na- thaniel stood at Judas' death bed. Judas was expiringgently as old men do expire, like a quiet, warm summerday. Nathaniel wept. Once more Judas sat up in hisbed with painfully visible difficulty and spoke: "I shallnow leave this valley of sorrow and of tears." And theChristians repeated amidst the gold and silver and theprecious carpets and furniture of the death chamber:"This valley of sorrow and of tears.""You have been the witnesses of the life that I livedyou," said Judas."You were the torch that lighted the path of our life!"exclaimed Nathaniel."You were our torch!" repeated the Christians.Judas smiled. They used to call it the "holy smile.""Only a drop of oil is left in my lamp, and I shallonce more burn it for you. You thought me always agood and honest man . . .""A saint, a saint," sobbed Nathaniel."Yes! And still, long, long ago I committed a greatsin . . ."Nathaniel knelt down and leaned over the bed of thedying man."Tell us what sin it was. Relieve your mind. Putits burden upon us and we will do penance for your sin.""No, no!" answered Judas. He lifted his eyes towardsHeaven. "I will not. I shall not shirk my heavy bur- dens upon the shoulders of strangers. I shall bear them myself and bring them before the Throne of the Almighty.He will put upon one scale my whole life and upon theother one my only sin, an error of youth, a seduction ofthe Devil!""All saints were tempted by the Devil!" cried Na- thaniel."You said it!" replied Judas. He sank back into hiscushions, he breathed slowly and deeply:"Forever and ever you will be our great exemplar,"exclaimed Nathaniel. "But as long as you are still amongus I have a great favor to ask. Give me in this solemnhour of parting a kiss, a kiss of love and of friendship."Judas kept silent for a long while and then he spoke:"No! Once my lips kissed the Master and since then Ihave vowed never to kiss anyone again. Not even myson would I kiss." And with these words he expired.While the dead body was being covered with palmleaves, one of the Christians said to Nathaniel: "Isn't itextraordinary that Judas never pronounced the name ofthe Master. He never called him Jesus as we do.""He thought himself unworthy to pronounce the nameof the Lord," pointed out Nathaniel while tears werestreaming down his cheeks. "What an extraordinary manhe was.""I think," said another one, "he was one of those whoare poor in spirit." yThe tomb of Judas was surrounded with love and ad- miration. Pilgrims came from far, far away, and prayedand did penance there.Rain and wind have since washed away the tomb ofJudas, erased it completely as one washes awaya dirty stain.And those who worshipped there, died, and were for- gotten."That is how hypocrisy came into the teachings ofChrist," said the venerable old man who told me this cur- ious story. I didn't want to contradict him. But itseems to me he is mistaken. Hypocrisy existed long, longbefore Christ's teachings- Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska. June Ist, 1916.17 NGLISH firms are, &lt; as I see, becoming more enter- prising in their publications after the latest Frenchbooks and this discovery brings some modification to anopinion advanced in this column a short while ago.If there is one improvement this war and the Anglo-French intimacy it has favoured should give birth to itis the furthering of the French language among theBritish peoples.' That the Germans, Russians, Poles, not to speak of the Italians and Spaniards, should be so farahead of the English and Americans in this respect is tothese latter's shame. Every one knows that French isincompetently taught in English schools and colleges, andthe vigorous hauling over of this part of the curriculumawaits some one with the necessary influence and initiative.The economic relations which, it is supposed, will bestrengthened between the two countries depend upon thisreform, for we cannot, surely, expect the French to meetthe English all the way on the language-path, they whowill have to muster all their obstinacy to resist the ad- vances of the Germans, linguistically so perfectly equipped.In the industrial domain supremacy is not only achievedby producing the best wares but by their intelligent, in- sinuating presentation.Tested authors do not always do as well by the waras the younger ones who have the dash of the fresh recruitdenied their fellows of the "reserve."M. Paul Adam's weighty volume ("Dans l'Air quiTremble;" Cres, 3 fr. 50) is of slighter content thana booklet ("La Guerre, Madame;" Cres, 1 fr. 75) signedwith three asterisks, which is one of the most brilliant ofthings literary bred by this war. M. Paul Adam givestoo much of it. His is a panorama of the war and im- pressions are more communicative. There are some finedescriptions of carnage, courageously realistic, but in mostof the other pages the air does not tremble.My less ambitious anonymous author fancies a soldierof the "active," a "man about town" in peace time, en- joying a first and only day's leave in Paris after a yearspent at the Front. This day in a gentleman-private'slife contains numbers of other evocations of numerousother days in all kinds of lives and places. Because itdoes not attempt to describe, preferring to suggest, it isvery much more the war, for to each one of us what isthe war but a sequence of minute individual experiences?We are all of us, though in lesser degree even, like thoseofficers who listen politely to their chief's reading of thedaily bulletin without understanding it or even wantingto:"It was sometimes my duty to bring the three o'clock'official' to my colonel in the little wood where he wasquartered. The colonel would then rise and say in analtered voice to the officers at the bridge-table: 'Thebulletin, gentlemen.' In an artificially grave voice heread out the news to which he endeavoured to give animportance his mind had long ago refused to grant it..During his reading the others stopped playing, though notthinking about the game. I saw their attention was else- where. I already share this Front mentality. From "The Egoist," London OSCAR WILDEHIS LIFE AND CONFESSIONSBy FRANK HARRIS Frank Harris (Publisher)3 Washington Square, New York City-Sir:—Enclosed please find $— , for which send to theundersigned copies of the autographed edition ( $20.00 per set) of OscarWilde, by Frank Harris, and copies of the regular limited edition at$10.00 per set.Name __ Address. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollar.ELFIN SONGS OF SUNLAND. Third Edition. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50-SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscript.THE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscript.DANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his varied and unique programs are full ofinterest and inspiration both in the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates for California Tour in June, Julyand August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 EAST 29th STREET NEW YORK CITY Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOPContaining Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. Joseph McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORT CAFE LAFAYETTEFifth Avenue University PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of hisunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories.Greenwich Village Inn(Polly's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington SquareSpring 6340Sport Hats, Artist Smock Sets, Masque CostumesFor town and countryPAINT BOX150 W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23Artistic CushionsIncluding wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076.WANTED you to know that at 60 WashingtonSquare South is locatedTHE VILLAGE STOREWhere one may see on display many odd piecesof Brasses, Pottery, Furniture and Souvenirs.Hours 10.30 till 6p. m. Saturdays 10 p. m.T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 SpringmmmtammßmmtmmnmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmsxaßmmmmmmmmmmmmmMmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmmmmt'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea Dinner Rare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best book marts. Why not begin collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.For Homes, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquaxeTelephone 4119 SpringCor. of MacDougal StreetBeing a bookIN WHICHwe say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddes at 756 Swwid Avenuein Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy.I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known literary men andartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq. There can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old Greenwich Village has not been «wcri'firpdon the altar of commercialismA postal will bring you, with our compliments,an interesting little biography of Mr. Thos. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570 FA'mn