Bruno's Weekly 2 22 May 27th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-05-27_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 22 Untitled Image Illustration 1 YET each man kills the thing he loves, Oscar Wilde cre 3 Parisian Women During the War Translated Extracts from a letter to the Editor 3-6 American Generals I- Major-General Frederick Funston, U. S. A. Thomas Robinson Dawley, Jr cre 6-7 Drawing by Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 7 Flasks and Flagons Francis S. Saltus cre 8 The Eternal Riddle After the German of Peter Altenberg, by Guido Bruno cre 8-9 Scattered Thoughts Florence Lowe cre 9 The Girl from Nevada—Broadway Star Illustration 10 The Girl From Nevada The Skeleton Plot of Most Broadway Successes. 10-11 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 11 Greenwich Village in History* 12-14 Cofeman Illustration 13 Sadakichi Hartmann— A Life-long Struggle Joseph Lewis French cre 14-16 Culture Alfred Kreymborg cre 16 Paradox Alfred kreymborg cre 17 Impressions of America Oscar Wilde cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents May 27th, 1916W. &amp; G. Copyright by Guido Bruno, May 27th, 19X6. Original matter,including all drawings, may not be reproduced without permissionof Guido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if creditis given to author and Bruno's Weekly* BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 22 MAY 27th, MCMXVI. Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded from last issue) *J am indebted for this story to Mr. Henry Collins Brown, iuhogave me permission to extract it from his beautiful "Book of OldNeiv York," printed by him Privately for collectors. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last week) •See "An Essay concerning Human Understanding," IV, xii. 10.A still more striking instance of the use of this expression is to befound in the same writer's "Thoughts concerning Education," s. 28,where he says:—"Once in four and twenty hours, I think, is enough;and nobody, I 'guess', will think it too much."/ . BRUNO'S WEEKLY {To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., OctobeT 14th, 1915, under the Act of MarchId, 1879. Oscar Wilde YET each man kills the thing he loves,By each let this be heard:Some do it with a bitter look,Some with a flattering word;The coward does it with a kiss,The brave man with a sword!Some kill their lotfe when they are young,And some when they are old;Some strangle with the hands of Lust,Some with the hands of Gold:The kindest use a knife, becauseThe dead so soon grow cold.Some love too little, some too long,Some sell, and others buy;Some do the deed with many tears,And some without a sigh;For each man kills the thing he loves,Yet each man does not die. From"The Ballad of Reading Gaol" Parisian Women During the War Translated Extracts from a letter to the Editor |~}o you remember that lot of night cafes and night restaur- ants on the Place Pigalle where they used invariably totake tourists and strangers before the war to show them how"real Parisians" danced tango? A shower of little rubberballs, happy laughter and gay music greeted you. And now,even in the Restaurant l'Abbaye, there is less noise and lesslight than before, and if you enter the half-darkened room,you notice on the red canopies along the walls, a number ofwomen bent diligently over their sewing. Since the outbreakof the war the place was rented by "Le droit des femmes"and there are about half a hundred women who are out ofwork in steady employ. They give them a very frugal break- fast, and supper before they start for home in the evening,and they also pay them every fourteen days, a few francs.All kinds of women are asking here constantly for work,white-haired widows, wives of working men, but chieflymidinettes."Everybody who wishes to work is made welcome," saidone, of the patronesses whom I interviewed, "and it: is of noconsequence to us whether the women are decent or not. Weare occupying the women with all kinds of sewing work andwith the manufacture of dolls, especially of dolls in the uni- forms of the Allies, like the picturesque Scots and Cossacks."L'Abbaye is only one of the many working shops openedand successfully operated during the past year for women outof employment. And it can easily be understood where thetens of thousands of midinettes of Paris are keeping them- selves since the outbreak of the war, who previously popu- lated, during the breakfast hours, the boulevards and theRue, de la Paix. Many of them left for the country, butmost of them found work in the sewing rooms, while only asmall number accepted the offers of the Magdalene Sisters,who offered them shelter and board, if they were willing tolive according to the rules of the institution and to makebandages for the wounded..A few days ago I paid a visit to this house of midinettes.It seemed to be a cage filled with singing birds and it wouldmake a novel with many chapters, to write about those littlemidinettes working under the supervisions of nuns "pour lapatrie."While a good many of the society women of Paris are en- wrapped in their charitable activities in l'Abbaye, in thebazars, at the "boulevards des capucines," the ladies of the ex- clusive circle of Parisian society almost all joined the RedCross. At the start of the war there was quite a bit of hesita- tion about the groups and patriotic societies they should join,but now the women of France are united in one league and inone union. For the society women, the Croix Rouge is thelatest Parisian saloon where everyone meets everybody. Butnot everybody has access to this saloon. It is necessary—asthey say in slang—to show "la patte blanche," and it has hap- pened on different occasions, that divorced women weresnobbed and not permitted to participate in the sewing work.As most of the ladies of the Red Cross are royalists anddevout Catholics, one must not be surprised that the republi- can laws concerning divorce seem to be forgotten. But lawsand morals are two entirely different things. Not very wel- come guests among the ladies of the Red Cross are even wo- men of republican circles, and therefore they have founded aso-called Green Cross which also takes care of the woundedand sick—to be differentiated from the Blue Cross which iscaring for horses exclusively. Even now during the war, arethe social contrasts in Paris so sharply marked that organiza- tions of Crosses in all colors of the rainbow sprang up in notime.Then there is "la petite bourgeoisie"—wives of radical phy- sicians or lawyers or teachers, who never approved of mili- tarism and who are trying their best to get accustomed tothe prevailing conditions of the country.The war has been a good teacher of geography. Only alittle while ago it was not a singular occurence in Paris tomeet a lady of the best circles, educated in a cloister, who hadonly very vague ideas—not only about the geography ofEurope, but of France. The step from the society women to the woman of the half- world is not very big.And surely this letter would not be complete if it did notmention the lady of the night cafe. The actress is the con- necting link between her and good society. The littleactresses all went to the country. They pretended to be goinghome to take care of a wounded brother or cousin, and theyhave not been seen again in Paris. All of them, nearly, camefrom the country. Their people own somewhere, a piece ofland, are farmers and are glad to welcome back to theirfamily circle black sheep. All you can see in Paris noware the little trotinns, living on twenty-five sous per days, paidto the unemployed by the maire of each Arrondissement.—How a Paris woman dresses during the war? I wonderif there is still a Parisian fashion existing? If there is, it issurely the so-called Scotch bonnet, used now by almost allParisian ladies, and its old name, "bonnet de Police" is againin vogue. Not much is to be said otherwise about fashions.That the Russian blouse with Serbian embroidery will beworn by elegant Paris during the winter, seems to be assured.Scotch is favored very much, too. And the color schemes willcombine the national colors of the belligerent allies. But notmuch is left of the liglit-heartedness of yore—not in fashionsand not in the mode of living. Even the greeting on thestreets and in public places has a grave, solemn character.Where the jolly heart of the French woman is? It is far awayat the front! There are at present, more than four million wo- men who are without husbands or whose brothers, sons orsweethearts are in the trenches somewhere out there in con- stant danger of life, that they call "at the front."A few are fortunate enough to have their male relatives stillat home—those whose husbands and sons are employed in theoffices of the military administrations. She, "la femme del'embusque" is a pathetic little figure. All day long she isvisiting her friends while her husband is in the office tellingthem that he doesn't wish anything better than to be trans- ferred to the front. And while her poor heart is paralyzed bythe idea that he may be commanded to the front, she feignseagerly her desire to see her busband, too, among the fightersfor France's freedom.But all of them—no matter what their social or political orreligious convictions may be—the ladies of the Red and of theBlue Cross, the republican women of the Green Cross, andthe wife of the workingman who is trying to keep her familygoing during her husband's absence in the field—every one ofthem consecrates her heart to the army. No matter if thedistinguished aristocratic woman snobs a "newly rich" duringa meeting of the Red Cross, her heart goes out in sympathyto the wounded and to the suffering. And the countess leavesin the most terrific heat or in streaming rain, her comfortablequarters, to walk among the people on the boulevards collect- ing sous for soldiers. It is the same desire to help that causes the society woman in her limousine as well as the poor wo- man in the buss, to knit useful things for the soldiers for theifwinter campaign. Knitting needles and yarn can be seen inParis everywhere, even on the narrow benches in the movingpicture show. American Generals I- Major-General Frederick Funston, U. S. A. Thomas Robinson Dawley, Jr. WHEN I see his name my recollection goes back apacetwenty years. Fred Funston, a little sawed-off chap,came to New \ ork from the wild and woolly west, lookingfor a job. He was broke and so was I. My meanderingsitook me down to Harper's Weekly, then a. publication ofweight and merit, and to its amiable managing editor Isold some of my literary vaporings. Then I landed a job.It was to go to Cuba and write war stuff.Following closely upon my heels, Fred Funston landed twojobs. New \ork was then rife with Cuban patriotism, andstories of Spanish cruelty and oppression, sufficient to makeany red-blooded man's bipod boil, and there was hardly oneof us who did not want to go down to Cuba and help lickthose Spaniards. We all were willing to fight for a cause,and the Cuban cause seemed a good one.Fred being of the right stuff, and his blood fired by talesof Cuba's struggle for freedom, offered his services, nothaving any sword to offer, to the Cuban Junta at their officesdown in New Street. One of the bunch of Cuban generals,sizing him up, and not wanting to hurt his feelings, told himthat they were not sending any more to Cuba,bu the office boy, being a good American and not a very largeman himself, tipped Funston off that an expedition was beingfitted out for Cuba with a couple of Hotchkiss field pieces,and that there was not a damned Cuban in the whole cigarmaking oufit, that was being sent down to the island to fightfor his liberty, who knew a gun from a water main.That was enough for Freddie. All he had to do was toascertain who sold those guns, and the office boy informinghim, away he hiked up to Hartley and Graham's on Broad- way, and boldly announced that he was going to Cuba; formen with red blood, when they make up their minds to do athing, usually do it. He may have stretched a point ortwo, but that does not matter. He was shown the twelvepounder that was being purchased for the Cuban, expedition.An expert explained its mechanism, and he was allowed tofondly handle the formidable looking piece, take it apart andput it together again, and half an hour's instruction wasgiven him in finding the range, priming, firing, etc. WhenFunston returned to the Junta, he was theoretically a fullfledged artilleryman, and so anxious was the Cuban "generalto whom he applied for service in the Cuban army this time,to secure a gunner for the field pieces that were being sent toCuba, that it did not occur to him to size up the applicant'ssoldierly looking qualities, and the little sawed-off futuregeneral was engaged at once. But the Cuban Junta wasn't paying out any money for either soldiers or artillerymen. Ittook all the money they could raise to buy their arms andammunitions, so Kunston hunted another job which hethought would bring him the much needed funds.Like myself,- he meandered into the office of Harper'sWeekly, and there he impressed the editor with his ability tosend him real life stuff from the field in Cuba, so that helanded his other job. And thus with two jobs, the war-likehobo from the West, embarked for Cuba and began hismilitary careet which has landed him in the United StatesArmy with the rank of Major-General.He made good in Cuba as far as the Cuban artillery wasconcerned. For with the very field piece which he wasallowed, to so fondly handle in New York, he knocked thespots out of the Spanish block-house at Cascorra, helped takethe town of Guaimaro, peppered the town and fortificationsot Jiguani, and finally blew up the Infantry barracks of LasTunas and helped beat that town into surrender. But bythis time, the Cuban army had exhausted itself. The countrywas without food, and the followers of Carlixto Garcia wereliterally starving. Funston starved with them until there wasnothing else to do, and he did it—one of the nerviest things inhis life.He rode up to a Spanish blockhouse and surrendered. TheSpaniards, instead of cutting his throat, as he expected theywould do, and as he deserved, took him in, fed him and senthim to Havana, where he was turned over to Consul GeneralFitzhugh Lee, and sent back to New \ork, broke again.Here he had his Harper's Weekly job in reserve. He wrote"The Battle of La Machuca," and that provided him withfunds to travel homeward, where upon the strength of hismilitary career in Cuba, he was appointed Colonel of theTwentieth (Kansas) Volunteers. Drawing byAubrey Beardsley Flasks and Flagons By Francis S. Saltus. Amontillado WH. EN thy inspiring warmth pervades my frame,I see the smiling Guadalquiver strayThrough Andalusia's fields of endless May,Crowned by the ripe wheat like a golden flame.The majos sport in many a wanton gameAt the soft setting of the ardent day,And in the Alameda's shadows gray,Fond lovers murmur their delicious shame.And then again, the vision will ariseBefore me, of the worn CampeadorDraining thy fire beneath the Alhambra's stars,While with fierce Moslem-valor in their eyes,I see bejeweled Caliphs, red with gore,Battle to death in moated Alcazars! Maraschino ""THERE is a charm thy essences secretePeopling the mind with many an airy dream,Until in conscious pleasure it doth seemThy perfume hath a soul and can entreat.So suave unto the sense, so subtly sweet,That memories of pre-natal beauty teem, .And haunt the ravished brain in ways supreme,Making our life less dark and incomplete.I dr.am of the dim past, but not with pain;The suns of dead but resurrected years,Glitter once more on Venice the divine!I see the town in bridal robes again,Crowned by the Doge amid his gondoliers,And eyes like Juliet's, softly seeking mine! The Eternal Riddle After the German of Peter Altenberg, by Guido Bruno. QNE evening the adorable Gladys said: "Because you areso very unhappy on account of your affection not beingreturned, I shall let you kiss at least my bed, my pillow andmy slipper, poor, poor Peter She let me up into the little room which served her andher friend Olive as bedchamber. She said: "This one to theright is my bed I knelt down and I kissed the beloved sheet and the cover- let. I embraced with inexpressible tenderness the belovedcushion still fragrant from her hair. I kissed passionately herslipper , She was looking at me and started to giggle. She giggledshe laughed, she screamed she was quite out of sorts withmerriment. "Why, this is Olive's bed, my dear, you are re- warding all this affection I was deeply hurt to have been mislead so mischievouslyand I replied as quietly as I could: "And if so, isn't yourfriend Olive a beautiful and attractive girl too?" SweetGladys paled at these words. She said: "Come on, let us go,you are an actor and anyhow I was too wise to you, youlittle fool Later on, I said to Olive: "Olive dear, which one is reallyyour bed in your little bedchamber; the one on the left sideor the one on the right side?""The one on the right ." "But Gladys asked meto tell you in case you enquired, that it is the one to the leftfrom the door. What is the matter with you two people?"Later on I said to Gladys: "Darling, I think you really caremore for me than you want to make me believe you do— — —Infuriated she replied: "So you really believe,you idiot, that it was my bed?""Yes that's exactly what I believe." I answered emphat- ically. " •She smiled. She seemed completely satisfied, and in quitea kind way. she said: "Poor, poor Peter, I'm so sorry that1 love another one, and that you don't like Olive "But are you sure that you really and honestly don't carefor her?" Scattered Thoughts Florence Lowe. Tramcars and Broken Hearts 'J'HE noise a tram car makes when it stops isn't the noiseof the brakes so much as it is like the noise made by abroken heart. A friend whom I don't care for any more toldme that. Who can blame me? She is a fool! You can'thear a broken heart grind. Religion. QNCE there was a man who had read the Rubaiyat so manytimes that he knew it by heart. Then he recited it tohimself so many times that he began to understand it. Nowthis man was a great chemist as well as a great thinker, andafter the fifty-eighth recitation, the idea of dying became sucha horror and injustice to him, that he decided not to die.He was a man of singularly sincere purpose, and so he wenthonestly and sincerely to his laboratory, and mixed fourpowders in a chopping bowl. He then lit a bunsen burner,for all the world the way they do in physics classes, andheated a green liquid. When the liquid began to bubble, hethrew in the powders and recited Lamb's essay 011 poor re- lations backward. He then removed the vessel from the fire,and after locking the seven doors that led into his laboratoryand filling seven small bottles with the liquid it contained,he raised it to his lips, and swallowed the remainder—andnothing happened.—Except that when he died at the ripe oldage of eight-one, his heirs discovered that the liquid madesplendid furniture polish. Besides, some of the best peopleattended the old man's funeral. The Girl from Nevada—Broadway Star The Girl From Nevada The Skeleton Plot of Most Broadway Successes. Farce Comedy in Three Acts. Act I. Scene. A garden ivith practicable gate.Sparkle Mclntyre (entering through gate.) Well this is apretty state of affairs. Rosanna Harefoot lived only for me untilthat theatrical troupe came to town; but now she's stuck on sing- ing and dancing and letting those actor men make love to herthat I can't get a moment with her. Hello! here comes the wholecompany. 1 guess they're going to rehearse here. I'll hide behindthis tree and watch them do their acts.Enter company of Players.First Player. Well, this is a hot day; but while we're tryingto keep cool Miss Kitty Socks will sing "'Under the Daisies."(iSpecialties by the entire company.)First Player. Well, we'd better hurry away down the street, orelse we'll be late.(Exeunt Omnes.Sparkle Mclntyre (emerging from behind tree). That lookseasy enough. I guess I'll see what I can do myself.(Specialties.) , , First Player {entering with company). Now that rehearsal isover, we'll have a little fun for a few moments.Sparkle {aside). Rosanna will be mine yet.{Grand Finale.)&lt; Curtain. Act 11. Scene. Parlor of Sparkle Mclntyre's house; Sparkle discoveredseated at table with brilliant dressing-gown on.Sparkle. I invited all that theatrical company to spend the even- ing with me; but I'm afraid they won't come. I just wanted tosurprise them with that new song and dance of mine. Ah! herethey come now.Enter Theatrical Company.First Player. We are a little late, Mr. Mclntyre, but the factis I had to go to the steamer to meet some friends of mine whowere coming over to try their luck in glorious America; and asthey're all perfect ladies and gentlemen, I took the liberty of bring- ing them along. Allow me to introduce them to you: Mr. andMrs. Lorenzo Sirocco and the Miss Siroccos from the Royal Alham- bra in Rooshy. /Sparkle. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm pleased to meet you; andnow, if you'll favor us with an act, we'll be greatly obliged.{Specialties by everybody, and Finale.)Curtain. Act 111. Scene. Same as Act I.Enter Rosanna.Rosanna. This is the very garden where I used to meet my owntrue Sparkle. In fact, it's right here that he used to spark me.Well, while I'm feeling so downhearted, I'll do a little dance justto cheer myself up.(Specialties by Rosanna.)Sparkle {entering). What! you here, Rosanna. Then you mustlove me.Rosanna. Yesr Sparkle, I do.Sparkle (embracing her). Then, darling, we will be marriedthis very day. Call the neighbors all in, and we will sing, dance,and be merry.Enter Company.{Specialties).Curtain. Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner. . Coming necessities cast their clamors before.Unfortunately, the woman who lives to become beautiful tolook at, generally becomes merely beastly to live with.: Poetry is the product of that art which understands how towed the visions of the soul to the music of fit words, so thatsyllabic sequences shall spell, not only sense, but a symphonyas ' well.. Fashion seems to be the fitful froth borne upon a sicklybrew of feeble wits and doubtful morals.A grafter is a rogue who'd be a thief if he had the moralcourage. Greenwich Village in History* A walk through the heart of this interesting locality—theAmerican quarter, from Fourteenth street down to Canal,west of Sixth avenue—will reveal a moral and physical clean- liness not found in any other semi-congested part of NewYork; an individuality of the positive sort transmitted fromgeneration to generation; a picturesqueness in its old houses,"standing squarely on their right to be individual" alongsidethose of modern times, and above all else, a truly Americanatmosphere reminiscent of the town when it was a village.Elsewhere in this book we have given an extended accountof Richmond Hill, Aaron Burr's home in old Greenwich Vil- lage. Perhaps the next most notable name which wouldoccur to us would be Thomas Paine, who lived at 58 GroveStreet, where he wrote his famous pamphlets "The Age ofReason" and "Commonsense." The latter contribution to thethen current literature touching on questions pertaining tothe_ Revolution did more than all other efforts to unite andsolidify public opinion on the question of final separation,which up to that time had only been considered by a few ofthe most virulent radicals.Another old landmark was the New York University Build- ing, where Theodore Winthrop wrote his "Cecil Greene."The Richmond Hill Theatre, Aaron Burr's old home, wasnot the only contribution to the New York Stage madeby Greenwich Village. At Greenwich Avenue and TwelfthStreet there was the once popular Columbia Opera House.Polly Smith, who'was known to everyone as the villagetomboy, won the Adam Forepaugh prize of ten thousanddollars for the most beautiful girl in America. She thenchanged her name to Louise Montague and made a big hitat Tony Pastor's and as the captain's daughter in "Pinafore."Leonard Dare, a trapeze performer, lived in Abingdon Squarebefore she went to London and married into the nobility.Johnny Hart, a famous old minstrel, was also a resident.His brother Bob was the prize drinker of the neighbourhood,but when he was sober (and broke) he gave temperancelectures and passed the hat for collections.There were many other old characters in the village thatcan be easily recalled—Crazy Paddy, who never missed a fireand who was a familiar figure sprinting down the streetin front of the "Department;" Johnny Lookup, who had anuncontrollable penchant for attending funeral and con- sidered it his bounden duty to accompany the remains ofany villager to its last resting place. Then there was SusyWalsh, the school teacher, who was so pretty that all theboys hung around her desk waiting for the chance to carryher books home.Old-timers recollect the Jefferson Market Bell Tower and the bell they used to ring for fires; all had a book that gavethe location of the fire as indicated by the strokes of thebell, and all would run with the machine. Then there wasthe old slaughter-house on the southwest corner of Bankand Hudson Streets, where the boys used to look over theold-fashioned half door and see them hoist up the beeveswith block and fall, and hit them in the head with an axe.Directly opposite on the northwest corner was the oldVillage House where the "boys" used to play billiards, drink"Tom and Jerrys" and swap stories.West Tenth Street was called Amos Street, and wherethe brewery now is, between Greenwich and WashingtonStreets, stood the old state prison where many were hanged.In the ice house oi Beadleston &amp; Woerz's they still pointout the old beam used for this function of the law. WestEleventh Street was called Hammond Street, and what isnow Fourth Street Park, at the end of Fifth Avenue, wasthe old Washington Parade Ground, where all the troopsdrilled and paraded to their hearts' contents. The groundswere surrounded by a high iron railing and there were large iron gates which were opened for the entrance of the troopsand closed to keep the crowds out while the regiments wereparading.Delameter's iron works and foundry were at the foot ofWest Thirteenth Street, where the boys Used to dive off thebig derrick into the clean water of the Hudson—not dirtyas it is now. The old Hudson Street burying grounds (St.John's) were at Leroy, Clarkson, Hudson and CarmineStreets, and at one end was the caretaker's old-fashionedhouse, who cultivated quite a large farm on the unusedportion of the cemetery. It is now called Skerry's Groveon account of the tough characters that infest the vicinity.The old marble yard where they cut hugh blocks of marblewith swing saws, twas on Bank Street between Hudson andBleecker Streets.The different social clubs held their receptions and dances,and the politicians in turn held forth in the old Bleeckerbuilding, situated in Bleecker Street. In this hall FrederickHouse, now Judge House, was nominated for the Assembly,and John W. Jacobus—"Wes" Jacobus—formerly Aldermanof the Ward and leader of the district, later U. S. Marshal,held forth as boss of the political meetings. Other uniquefeatures of interest were the Tough Club, the oyster boatsat the foot of Tenth Street, Jackson Square and Tin CanAlley. In his father's bakery at the corner of Jane Street andEighth Avenue, John Huyler, of Huyler's candy fame, startedhis fortune. In connection with the bread business theystarted making old-fashioned molasses candy, and from thatmodest beginning sprang the immense present candy enter- prise. The bakery is still standing. A curious feature of thevillage is the Northern Dispensary, which occupies a wholeblock. The block is triangular in shape and is about eighteenor twenty leet on each side. It is bounded by a small park,by Christopher Street and by Waverly Place on the othertwo sides. It may seem strange that this building is boundedon two sides by Waverly Place, yet such is the case. WaverlyPlace being a street with three ends. Gay Street is alsolocated in the Ninth Ward. Cofeman Sadakichi Hartmann—A Life-long Struggle Joseph Lewis French. THE sight—or rather the apparition^—for such he is as lierises to begin—of Sadakichi Hartmann on the platform ofthe assembly rooms of the Ferrer Centre in New York read- ing his "Buddha" the other evening, operated on myself inseveral ways. First it stirred up wonder at the weird look ofthe man, rising pale, like an Afrite, in his black dress-clothes—a feling that thrilled every one of his auditors to -the core\I have seen a young woman, as he rose to give his "Poe"years ago, throw up her hands, shriek and faint at the sightof him. Here is a man who looks like the ghost of thledreams he is about to interpret. His message, his mission,are all in his manner. You cannot look upon this tall, gaunt ashy-pale spectre of a man without feeling that you are goingto get something sincere—exotic—you are never" disappointed.My second thought, for I had not seen Sadakichi in sometime, carried me back at once to a little room in a poverty- stricken flat in New York and an evening seventeen yearsbefore when I heard the words of Buddha as they came freshfrom the brain of the young poet. The auditors were myselfand his wife "the Madonna," the children—who bore EastIndian names, had been packed away to bed for the occasion.I never knew a man in those days that lived so completely inhis dreams as Sadakichi Hartmann. He was the typicaldreamer of our great metropolis; known as such everywherefrom the sanctums of Stedman and Howells to the poorestpurlieus of the East Side. His soul at that time was wrappedup in his great cyclus. He had already written "Christ" inBoston (and suffered for it) and here was "Buddha" to whichI listened"with a rapt surmise"feeling that a new planet had indeed "swum into my ken.""Mohammed" was to come and "Confucius." Where thebread was to come from for himself and family mean:while, Sadakichi knew not and cared not. It came, alt-hothere were times when the poetic fire was dimmed by starva- tion. I never knew one, and I have known poets-and dreamersby the score, who was so possessed by the spirit of self- abnegation as this man. He cared not for the world when hewas writing these four wonderful dreams—he asked nothingof it. He did not even presume that a publisher would lookat his work. He was satisfied as only the real artist is, withthe inner vision and he listened only to her voice. Two ofthe dramas—they can hardly be called plays—as their effectstranscend all stage-art—were published at his own expense.The others, Mohammed and Confucius, the public knew onlythrough his own recitals.From great free-thinkers like Walt Whitman, John Bur- roughs, James Huneker, Stephane Mallarme, Theophile Beut- zon, came a chorus of praise that must have warmed the heartof the poet. This was what he expected. This was what hecared for. I remember with what suppressed ecstasy heshowed me the letter of Stephane Mallarme with whose fameall Paris was just then ringing and who is one of the im- mortals. Other tasks claimed him; he could not live on thethunder and honey and spicery of these works. And so theworld heard little, of them except when now and then someenthusiastics dragged him forth to read one to a select audi- ence. He has in this way presented them to the elite of in- tellectual America. Something of the worth of what theywere going to get must have stirred the air for FranciscoFerrer followers, for they turned out in force for four con- secutive evenings. I do not think any one of them will everforget the scene. Here was poet, philosopher, prophet, artist,combined in one, pouring forth words that held their soulsravished as though they strayed in an enchanted garden. Ifthis world were not after all this world, and the limitations of ■IJU«lU.Willijujufmi, .iti.nwi jujLijjiii-bbw—w—gigag——BgsawcgMßgaßEgaßaga»aep—h———b—■—gg-Uif the poet bound to its representation, one might almost saythat Sadakichi held the key to Paradise. It seemed to bealmost literally another sphere into which he led his auditorsevening after evening. As scene after scene unfolded itself,gorgeous as the panoply of the heavens, one asked oneselfwho after all but Sadakichi could have written; could haveinterpreted this? Here is a case when the poet and his workare indissoluble. The art of reading these dramas will be lostwith Sadakichi. 1 was asked at the close of the "Buddha"reading to say something of it as an example of the cyclus.The doctrine of Buddhism is for Sadakichi simply the back- ground out froin which rises the powerful figure of Gautamawith his great world-ethic "Renounce! Renounce!" Throughhim the centuries first heard the cry wnich has echoedsteadily ever since through his own and the teachings ofJesus Christ. Against this powerful spiritual motive as abackground Sadakichi projects the marvelous panorama ofthe East, of India at the heighth of her power and splendour,that"Gorgeous east (which) with richest handShowers on her kings, barbaric pearl and gold."Scene after scene he builds up with stark realism andopulent color, two master keys in the hand of the artist whodares to hold them together, till we can feel the shine andsplendor of it all and hear the naked vdices speaking to us.Here is great material for an epic drama—absolute elementalcontrasts—the Orient in the fulness of its glory and thestrange stark figure of the prophet protesting against it all.As scene after scene unfolds itself, one asks oneself whatform but the drama could the poet have used. A story? No.The canvas is too immense to be circumscribed within narra- tive bounds. One could readily conceive "Salammbo"heightened by having been cast in this form, after hearing"Buddha." A poem? Again one cannot conceive of thegrotesque Titanic imagination of this man made subservientto rhythm and cadence. Measure and rule would havedestroyed him. Only in this chosen form can he load hispalette with color and sweep his brush at will. Thus only:"He splashes as none splashed beforeSince great Caldara Polidore,"to quote Browning's "Waring"—another great free soul likeSadakichi.The other dramas are of a parity with "Buddha" in styl«and atmosphere and the cyclus of four is quite unmatchablein the English language. Culture Alfred Kreymborg There is only one.Only one sun.Only one moon.And you too.Be that. Paradox By Alfred kreymborg Foolish Woman!Love her—she asketh more.Foolish man!Love him—he's satisfied.Foolish Woman!Loves you—she's satisfied.Foolish Man!Loves you—he asketh more. Impressions of America By Oscar Wilde Many people imagine that the term "I guess," which is socommon in America, is purely an American expression, butit was used by John Locke in his work on "The Understand- ing," just as we now use "I think."*It is in the colonies, and not in the mother country, thatthe old life of the country really exists. If one wants torealise what English Puritanism is—not at its worst (whenit is very bad), but at its best, and then it is not very good—I do not think one can find much of it in England, but muchcan be found about Boston and Massachusetts. We havegot rid of it. America still preserves it, to be, I hope, ashort-lived curiosity.San Francisco is a really beautiful city. China Town,peopled by Chinese labourers, is the most artistic town Ihave ever come across. The people—strange, melancholyOrientals, whom many people would call common, and theyare certainly very poor—have determined that they will havenothing about them that is not beautiful. In the Chineserestaurant, where these navvies meet to have supper in theevening, I found them drinking tea out of china cups asdelicate as the petals of a rose-leaf, whereas at the gaudyhotels I was supplied with a delf cup an inch and a halfthick. When the Chinese bill was presented it was madeout on rice paper, the account being done in Indian ink asfantastically as if an artist had been etching little birds ona fan.Salt Lake City contains only two buildings of note, thechief being the Tabernacle, which is in the shape of a soup- kettle. It is decorated by the only native artist, and he hastreated religious subjects in the naive spirit of the earlyFlorentine painters, representing people of our own day inthe dress of the period side by side with people of Biblicalhistory who are clothed in some romantic costume.The building next in importance is called the AmeliaPalace, in honour (of one of Brigham Young's wives. Whenhe died the present president of the Mormons stood upin the Tabernacle and said that it had been revealed to himthat he was to have the Amelia Palace, and that on thissubject there were to be no more revelations of any kind!From Salt Lake City one travels over the great plains ofColorado and up the Rocky Mountains, on the top of whichis Leadville, the richest city in the world. It has also got thereputation of being the roughest, and every man carries arevolver. I was told that if I went there they would besure to shoot me or my travelling manager. I wrote andtold them that nothing that they could do to my travellingmanager would intimidate me. They are miners—men work- ing in metals, so I lectured to them on the Ethics of Art.I read them passages from the autobiography of BenvenutoCellini and they seemed much delighted. I was reproved bymy hearers for not having brought him with me. I explainedthat he had been dead for some little time which elicited theenquiry "Who shot him"? They afterwards took me to adancing saloon where I saw the only rational method ofart criticism I have ever come across. Over the piano wasprinted a notice:—PLEASE DO NOT SHOOT THEPIANIST.HE IS DOING HIS BEST.The mortality among pianists in that place is marvellous.Then they asked me to supper, and having accepted, I hadto descend a mine in a rickety bucket in which it was im- possible to be graceful. Having got into the heart of themountain I had supper, the first course being whiskey, thesecond whiskey and the third whiskey.I went to the Theatre to lecture and I was informed thatjust before I went there two men had been seized for com- mitting a murder, and in that theatre they had been broughton to the stage at eight o'clock in the evening, and then andthere tried and executed before a crowded audience. ButI found these miners very charming and not at all rough. HOTEL BREVOORTFifth AvenueCAFE LAFAYETTEUniversity PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotel* and Restaurants of New YorkGONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry,speaking of Gonfarone's in one of his unexcelled Green-wich Village Stories. RARE BOOKSFIRST EDITIONSSstn DlMtnM BmMi. Ihlj FrlntsS Books. Tlawira,Book* (or Christmas Giftsilafly or la acts tor psoplo who have aottkar tlmo nor •pvwtaaltr to solset far thsmsalras, or (or thosa who |»r« sot aaoaaa to tkbdt book marto. "Why aot begin oollMtlns aow?Address, E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.ARTISTIC CUSHIONSIncluding wool embroidery.Unique and original designs inpatchwork. Cushions made toorder. Call or write SessersStudio Co., 82 Wash. PL, N. Y.Spring 1076.'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN13S MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea DinnerFor Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AMD INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTelephone 41*9 Sprang Cor. of MacDougal StreetBring a bookIN W H I C Hw# say fust 'what tut think. Published every month by Norman-BelGeddes at 7Si Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is a littlebook uniquely illustrated. Write for sample copy. CHARLES KEELERIN RECITALS OF HIS OWN POEMSTHE VICTORY—Songs of Triumph. Price, one dollarELFIN SONGS OF SUN LAND. Third edition. G. P. Putnam'sSons, New York &amp; London. Price $1.50.SONGS OF A WANDERER. In manuscriptTHE MIRROR OF MANHATTAN. In manuscriptDANCE RYTHMS. In manuscript.Mr. Keeler recites selections from all the above and his variedand unique programs are full of interest and inspiration bothin the text and delivery.In New York and vicinity until June. Now booking dates fofCalifornia Tour in June, July and August.For terms and particulars and for copies of his books, addressLAURENCE J. GOMMEThe Little Bookshop Around the Corner2 East 29th Street New York City READ BRUNO'S WEEKLYand if you think fifty-two issuesare worth two dollars 1 will beglad to count you among mysubscribersGuido BrunoCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C*Guido Bruno, Manager.CLOSED FOR THE SEASONI BUY BOOKSSingl* volumes, small lots, and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington SqROSSI BROTHERS58 Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOFurnished Studio WANTED for three months,Washington Sq. preferred.Write to S. M. CLARKEcare of Bruno's Weekly, 58Washington Sq., N. Y. C.There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Discat Number 10 Fifth Avenue ,In this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring yon, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyvesant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison*