The mask 12 3 July 1926 naau_1926-07_01 The mask 12 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 A REPRODUCTION OF HORWOOD'S 1 LITERARy CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS 2 Plate 7 VIEW OF WHITEHALL. Being a portion of a painting by Hendrik Danckerts made between 1670 and 1677 (Norman, 1920). The Cockpit at Court, Charles IPs private playhouse, can be seen directly below the Illustration 4 MAGINATION. E. G. C cre 5-6 AND REALITY. 6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 CALDERON'S STAGE. OBSERVATIONS ON AN UNKNOWN ILLUSTRATION OF A THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN THE AGE OF PEDRO CALDERON DE LA BARCA. TRANSLATED By HENRY FURST. KLAUS RICHTER cre 7-12; 14-15; 17-19 Plate 8 THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN A SPANISH CORRAL. Pen-and-ink copy made by Klaus Richter of a drawing in the Biblioteca Nacional of Madrid by Miguel March, 1637-1670. Illustration 14 Plate 9. KEY TO THE DRAWING OF THE THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN A SPANISH CORRAL. a a Artist's point of sight. A A' Barriere. B Barriere. X Stage. Illustration 15 Untitled Image Illustration 19 A FORGOTTEN HARLEQUIN. R. J. BROADBENT cre 20-21 Untitled Image Illustration 21 PLAN OF THE CITIES OF LONDON AND WESTMINSTER. THE BOROUGH OF SOUTHWARK AND PARTS ADJOINING: THE SECOND HALF OF THE PLAN WITH A FEW FACTS AND DATES ABOUT THEATRES AND THOSE ASSOCIATED WITH THEM. R. HORWOOD. 1792-1799 cre 22-25; 27; 29; 31; 33; 35; 37; 39; 41 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 27 Untitled Image Illustration 29 Untitled Image Illustration 31 Untitled Image Illustration 33 Untitled Image Illustration 35 Untitled Image Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 41 THE PEOPLE. e. g. c cre 42-45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 ADAVOYLE. MODANE. DOGANA. MAY 10. 1926. WILLIAM McDOUGAL cre 46-47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 PUNCHER. f. m. f cre 47-48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 OPERA REGISTER. FROM 1712 TO 1734. BY (FRANCIS COLMAN) THE FATHER OF GEORGE COLMAN. (THE ELDER) BRITISH CONSOL AT LEGHORN. 48-49; 51-52 THE OLD OPERA HOUSE, HAYMARKET, 1790. From an unpublished drawing in the British Museum stated to be by C. Tompkins and drawn in 1802. Plate 10. Illustration 49 Untitled Image Illustration 52 REALLY, NOTHING REAL. 52-53 Untitled Image Illustration 53 THE CHANCES FOR AND AGAINST GOOD THEATRES IN PROVINCIAL CENTRES IN ENGLAND, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THE MADDERMARKET THEATRE OF NORWICH. 53-54 Untitled Image Illustration 54 DORSET GARDENS THEATRE. 1671-1720. DESIGNED CHRISTOPHER WREN cre 55 SOMETIMES CALLED THE DUKE'S PLAYHOUSE. Portion of Strype's Plan of the Ward of Farringdon Without. London, in 1720, when the Dorset Gardens Theatre. opened in 1671, was still standing. Illustration 55 THE MASK A REVIEW FROM THE WEEKLY MANCHESTER GUARDIAN APRIL 16th, 1926. REPRINTED KIND PERMISSION cre 55-56 THE COLOSSUS. 56-57 GROUND PLAN SHOWING THE COCKPIT THEATRE. From Fisher's Plan of Whitehall (c. 1663-1670) engraved by Vertue. See also the Frontispiece Plate 7, face page 87, Illustration 57 BOOK REVIEWS. 58-59; 61; 63-66 Untitled Image Illustration 58 THE SOURCE OF A HUNDRED PLAYS. This design is from the book of Alessandro Caravia "Naspo Bizaro", (Venetia, Domenico Nicohno 1565) It consists of " calate fantastiche che canta Naspo Bizaro da Veniesia Castellan, sotto i balconi de Cate Bionda Biriota, causare la bizaria del ceruelu, e 'l martello del stomego The design is not a record of any play, but a record of the people, place, the whole fabric from which 100 plays of the Commedia dell'Arte were drawn. The busy life of the Venetian merchant, or Foreign soldier, 7uasting his money and spare hours, dining in some out of the way but well known trattoria in evening. Four such men are here music being paid for dishes preparing ; all very merry in a solemn Venetian way Plate 11. Illustration 59 THE SAME SCENE BY NIGHT. Here is the same place, the same fabric, but only the musicians left; — night time ; music not of the paid kind. Have we here Naspo Bizaro himself "sotto i balconi de Cate Bionda Biriota"? Anyhow he can sing his own song. Plate 12. Illustration 61 DRAMA TIC THEOR YIN SPAIN, 58 THE CHARTERHOUSE OF 58; 63 * mw—wm 111 Hi II mi—l mill mi I ufii—wi ■■■■! iw n m iMWßinwnwwmiinrwinr~ iTrmirfTnii i i i«i&gt;iiiiniiinr«w»mw 63 THE NEW SPIRIT IN THE 63-64 DOSTOEVSKY by Andre Gide; 64 THE THEATRE, AN ART AND 64-65 SECRETS OF A SHOWMAN by 65-66 MODERN PLAYS. 66-69 THE BRITISH DRAMA LEAGUE LIBRARY. 3/ – net each volume. Vol. 9, 10, 11, 12. THE DILEMMA by J. Barry, Four Seas Co. (No price given). HENRY GAY CALVIN cre 66-67 LONDON'S LOST THE A TRES by 67-68 THE JEW IN DRAMA, by M. J. 68-69 MAGAZINES. 69 CONCERNIN THE VALUE OF THE CINEMATOGRAPH TO EDUCATION. e. g. c cre 69 EDITORIAL NOTES. 69 Untitled Image Illustration 69 A CORRECTIO 69 THE article on the Calderon Stage 69 THE NEW SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL THEATRE.... AND AMERICA. 70 A LETTER FROM CALIFORNIA. Yours truly A. R. CAMPBELL cre 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 fKSBnMMMMMMMHEMBSMMMHMnBMBnHnaMMMW VI I'lIM lIMBBIHI ll«MUM»BW» 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 AMERICAN CRITIC ADMITS 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 FINE REALITY. 1626. 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 O LONDON 1926. O 70 44 If 44 The Ancient Mariner " is to George Sampson cre 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 The Stage Year Book for 1926 is as 70 Untitled Image Illustration 70 A /'I J' T - x". ;• " f-' •• ••• . X ■,/V jrTHE MASK.'-' ' ' ' VOLUME TWELVENUMBER THREE©JU L Y @19 2 6 ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION EDITION DE LUXETEN SHILLINGS jCr R1 CEI TWENTY SHILLINGS(POST FREE) (POST FREE)TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICA' % '■ 'X- y. -y v/;— ■■ X. ■: .;y: X ' Xy X■'• • .=• , 'X- '(■ V'; ' ;VX; - y,y X;y " XX;'X : X ■ Ty' ' •XXy-'iy ;-y ,-X - t-'X-: X X./ , - -r ' J -ADDRESS: BOX. 444. FLORENCE. ITALY.mflMTnfaMTfwffiwißiiilium miinnrwnnft■ niii Ml—iniißFniiiiiiiffiiunnMrllll f/mmuMWiiiiitwi"■ ■&gt; —nliißini&lt;aniiiiMihim miiiiiuMfiiiiiiiiHl■imam mmmw iMiiißiiiiiMiniiiiii—miiiiiMiMiMiwiiiiiwifn ■MiMMrmanrmririinrmmifMßiTiinMriiiMMWMMMMMM^ THE MASK. JULY 192 6 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions:but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor : "The Mask "&gt; Rox 444, THE MASK1926 r H E MASK,9 0 8 1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 9 THE MASK1926 16 THE MA SK1926 10 the ma sk1926 15 THE MASK1026 11 THE MASKI Q 2 6 14 THE MASK1926 12 THE MA SK1926 13 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 THE MASK1926 All Rights reserved. July 1926.Dire t tore responsabile Antonio Mar ami.Tipografia Giuntina, Firenze. A REPRODUCTION OF HORWOOD'SCELEBRATED 18th CENTURY PLANOF LONDON: (SECOND EIGHT PLATES).SOME FACTS AND DATES ABOUTLONDON THEATRES AND THOSEASSOCIATED WITH THEM.STAGE AND THE COR- RAL THEATRE, by Klaus Richter.FORGOTTEN HARLEQUIN by R. J.Broadbent.ADAVOYLE or How far may we go? THE PEOPLE, AND THEIR THEATRE,in different periods and lands.INTRODUCING PUNCHER PRIMROSE,the Authors' bane.AN 18th CENTURY OPERA REGISTERhitherto unpublished.ON PROVINCIAL THEATRES in general,and, particularly, The Maddermarket ofNorwich. I 1 fXTHE COLOSSUS, (continued) by Gordon Craig. LITERARy CONTENTS. IMAGINATION. . . . . . . , . E. G. C. &amp; The Editor . . Page 87CALDERON'S STAGE . Klaus Richter. . . .89A FORGOTTEN HARLEQUIN . . . . R. J. Broadbent , 98A FEW FACTS AND DATES ABOUT THEATRESAND THOSE ASSOCIATED WITH THEM . . c. g. e. . . . . 100THE PEOPLE . . e.g. c. . . . . .104ADAVOYLE . . . . . • , • • William McDougal . . 108PUNCHER /• m. . , . .109OPERA REGISTER FROM 1721 TO 1734. From anunpublished MS Francis Colman . . . .110REALLY, NOTHING REAL ...... Anon 112THE CHANCES FOR AND AGAINST GOOD THEA- TRES in Provincial centres, &amp; The Maddermarket, Norwich. Anon . . . . . .113DORSET GARDENS THEATRE . . . . . Anon . . . . . .115" THE MASK ", A Review ...... Alan Noble Monkhouse . . .115"THE COLOSSUS", continued. ..... Gordon Craig. . . . .116BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES &amp; LETTERS. ILLUSTRATIONS VIEW OF WHITHALL Showing the old Cockpit Theatre . Hendrick Danckerts . Plate 7, Face 87THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN A SPANISH CORRAL Miguel March. . 8 8, Follow 94KEY TO THE DRAWING BY MIGUEL MARCH . . Klaus Richter . 8 9, ■ ■THE OLD OPERA HOUSE, HAYMARKET, 1790. . C.Tompkins. . ■ 10, Face 110" NASPO BIZARO *\ TWO DESIGNS .... From the Book ofAlessandro Caravia,1565 . . . ■ 11 &amp; 12Follow 118' t •PLAN OF LONDON, 1792-1799 (The second eight sections). R. Horwood . . . 8 102DORSET GARDENS THEATRE . . . . Anon . . . . . . 115PLAN SHOWING OLD COCKPIT THEATRE . . Anon .1179B 11. \ BPSI H £Head and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. Plate 7 VIEW OF WHITEHALL.Being a portion of a painting by Hendrik Danckerts made between 1670 and 1677 (Norman, 1920).The Cockpit at Court, Charles IPs private playhouse, can be seen directly below the MAGINATION. E. G. C. THIS Foreword to the seventy-fourth issue of " The Mask " iswritten to the sound of drums, bells, and the shouts of peopleoff stage.Over there a gathering of a hundred thousand people is crying&gt;ut " Viva il Duce " as he speaks gracious and stirring words to them.Machines which have taken centuries to invent and develop are car- ying the shouts and speeches to a million eaves-droppers listeners-in.[have a special apparatus installed here—it took a moment to inventit and it sprang fully developed from the inventor.... that unpatented,'ommon property called the Imagination.It s practicality is doubtful to those who consider it too out ofdate to procure. And indeed of what real use is it if it cannot beiurned into a paying concern?Can Mr. Rockefeller, Mr. Morg an, Count Volpi and our Chan- celler of the Exchequer, by coming together with a capital of a thousandmillions, form a world company and so exploit it? Can the instrumentbe turned out by the million, and, selling at five pounds or five shillingsapiece, bring in a steady return of millions for the next twenty-five years ?It has to be admitted that this is not possible. The instrument istherefore not practical: for it is an instrument every man already pos- sesses but most men forget to use, and therefore is so much lumber. HOW strange then that there are a few who hold that in the use ofthis instrument lies the solution to most problems; that a worldalive to the power of the Imagination is a world more or less cured ofits preposterous unrest—its materialism, its so-called " reality \But there is no doubt that we are prejudiced, we few who like,and therefore use, the Imagination.Perhaps it is an instrument made too much of by some —as it ismade too little of by others. The butcher and the baker, those menof action, find it quite useless when making chops or bread: but I amhappy to be able to salute it once more as, doubtless, the most po- werful thing in the world—and the best.Genova. AND REALITY. ALREADY contributions are being sought for the Stratford Theatrehere in America, and I am afraid the mischief is well under way." Committees arrive from Europe asking for help to restore buil- dings in England, in France, and in Belgium.'4 The Americans give because it is their habitEXTRACT FROM A LETTER FROM AN AMERICAN IN CALIFORNIA.NOTHING FOR NOTHING AND DAM LITTLE FOR FIVE CENTS isan old saying.It is Imagination in its most riotous mood which can assert thatThe Americans give because it is their habit ".Some rare few Americans, Hindoos, English, Italians and so forthdo give, and our American correspondent in California may be one ofthese, the rest BARGAIN.We repeat " Clear the Americans out of Stratford ".We add, Stop this asking for on behalf of Shakespeare.Who started it?Editor, CALDERON'S STAGE. OBSERVATIONS ON AN UNKNOWN ILLUSTRATION OFA THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN THE AGE OFPEDRO CALDERON DE LA BARCA. TRANSLATED By HENRY FURST. BY KLAUS RICHTER. Plate 8 THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN A SPANISH CORRAL.Pen-and-ink copy made by Klaus Richter of a drawing in the Biblioteca Nacional of Madrid by Miguel March, 1637-1670. Plate 9. KEY TO THE DRAWING OF THE THEATRICAL PERFORMANCE IN A SPANISH CORRAL.a a Artist's point of sight.A A' Barriere.B Barriere.X Stage. I. THE CORRAL THEATRE INTHE 17th CENTURY. m mm i ■ ni ■ 11— »iin■— nwiimiw mi——n—w—w&gt;niiwii&gt;»n w ■ &gt;wi mmmmmstmeammgammmmtf44 IV yino al mundo con tal1 aficion a las representaciones escenicas,que a los nueye anos ya hacfa comediasen la Corte de su padre ' " ('). In 1621this 4 4 theatre-prince " ascended the throneof Spain as Philip IV. After the eviltimes of ecclesiastical interference and royalprohibitions the Theatre (2) celebrated underhis rule its finest triumphs. (P.;S.). 44 Laaficion a los particulares (private perfor- mances in the grandees' houses) fue ge- neral says Sepulveda; and a Dutchwriter who travelled through Spain in 1655and commented on the theatre of thecountry with spirit, narrates that the wholepeople 44 es tan perdido " for this amuse- ment, that one can scarcely obtain a seat at a performance. (P.). Nor were thelater scruples of conscience and prohibitionsof the Court as regards comedies anddecay of morals in regard, for instance,to the 44 libros de Lope de Vega, quetanto dano habfan hecho a los costumbres "able in this century to make any changein all this (P).Every Grandee who held himself ofany account at all built in or adjoininghis retiro a private stage for thelates, which he organised for the Courtor for other distinguished guests, and towhich the people was admitted as well. (M).The popular mania for their 44 compam'asde comediantes y volteadores " (actorsand dancers) was so great, that after there-establishment of theatrical liberty, i.e.after 1621, 12 " compamas Reales ode titulo obtained recognition, whosenumber soon grew to 40 (P). That" mostruo de la naturaleza, el gran Lopede Vega '*, as he is called in the 44 pro- logo de las comedias " of Cervantes, hadreached the summit of his existence andPedro Calderon de la Barca was in thebloom of his youth. Theatre and festivaldecoration was at its highest development.Bances Candamo says of the Marques deHeliche, the 44 inspector superior de lasrepresentaciones teatrales de Palaciothat under his intendancy the art of thetheatre (machinery and decoration) reachedthe highest level of the century, whichviewed with astonishment the achievements of the Florentine scene-painter CosimoLotti, who usurped in his art 44 todo elimperio de la naturaleza ". In fact thetheatre of that period may well lay claimto have usurped all the arts, so that wecannot easily decide, whether Juan Risco'smusic and Lotti's scenes were for Calde- ron's poetry, or whether Calderon wrotea libretto for the music and the scenes.The magnificence of the performance of44 Circe o el mayor encanto Amor " onthe night of June 23, 1 679, on the islandof the big lake in the Retiro of Madridcan hardly be imagined. Under the treesof the park, more than three thousandlights were mirrored in the water, aroundthe shores of which the eager crowdthronged, while the Court watched thesplendid spectacle from sumptuous barques,- a spectacle in which Lotti's skill viedwith Calderon's genius.Of the enchantment of the mise-en- scene a better impression can perhaps beobtained from the article by Julio Mon- real in 44 La Illustracion Espaiiola y Ame- ricana " (b of 1880 on 44 Las Fiestas delBuen Retiro " than from the well-knownstage-design of the times of Felipe IV byFrancesco Ricci, preserved at the Biblio- teca Nacional in Madrid. Pomp andsumptuous display were the aims of theseroyal feasts. The art of the painter, thepoet, the musician and the actor joinedin one of those baroque performances, thatpossessed an international European styleand whose Spanish variety may perhapssurprise the student of this period onlyby its magnificence and its good taste.This is one thing, the gilded laurel- wreathed stage of the Spanish' theatre.It is not all; not the truly living theatre,not the dramatic dancing-play, which car- ried the mimes of the ancients down through the fairs of the centuries; which, in,its shabby poverty and contempt wasnever in danger, as were the festival per- formances of the Church and the Courts,of suffocating under the pompous display,which merely consisted of a scaffolding anda few buffoons, who at most ran a risk ofbeing excommunicated or arrested for thetoo fantastic tenor of their life; thatTheatre, eternally banned, eternally resto- red to favour, despised and admired, andwithout which Calderon would have been amere occasional poet for Princes' festivals.Ihe Theatre of the actors, whosekingdom is in the hearts of the entirepeople and in the ambition of all artists,emerges towards the close of the 15thcentury from its inglorious and scarcely- documented past. (P). No longer mereamusements for fairs, but real plays, at avery early date in verse, were performedthroughout Castile, throughout Spain. Thegreat Lope de Ruega, formerly a gold- beater, the father of the Spanish comedy,played with his actors his own comedias,entremeses, coloquios pastoriles, dialogos 0)or perhaps also the eight comedies of theSpanish priest and poet Bartolome deTorres Naharro, then famous in Romeand Nap! es. Cervantes as a boy evidentlysaw Lope de Rueda in Madrid and inhis prime still remembers his beautiful verses,admires his greatness and 44 truth ". Pel- licer compares him with Moliere, wholike him, and after him, almost aloneamidst a throng of mediocre letterati, risesabove the great mass of comedy-writers.Like Shakspere, Rueda lies buried in aSpanish Westminster Abbey, the Cathedralof Cordoba. (P).In the Corral is the cradle of theSpanish Theatre. In the Corral were per- formed for the first time the improvisedfarces of the strolling players as well asthe chiselled comedies of Calderon. In theCorral, the " campestre mansion olorosadel ganado ", the fragrant barnyard!Everywhere and always, the first naturalstage for strolling players is the courtyardof country inns, or of the urban hostels,or of the great charitable fraternities. Thiswas at the same time an inn-yard and apublic refuge surrounded by the Casa- cocheras y tiendas (stables and booths).The traffic in these caravanserais made itworth while for the strolling players toset up their light scaffoldings and displaytheir arts. (P).Cofradias (lay fraternities), who adminis- tered hostels, hospitals and asylums, tookhold, in the interest of their institutions,of the monopoly of the performances (InMadrid in the 15 th century) (P). Theyplaced their Corrals at the disposal ofthe " autores o maestros " (managers),gave the " Companias de ma legua(wandering troupes) settled stations, inwhich they guaranteed them, at everyTeturn, full houses, and thus obtained forthemselves regular and fantastically increa- sing revenues from the lease paid by themanagers. In the second half of the 16thcentury there were in Madrid two regulartheatre-corrals and soon others appearedin the remaining cities and villages ofSpain as well. (M;.And later still, even in . Calderon'stimes, we find these regular corrals, butnot yet any " companias fijas de come- diantes ", not even in Madrid itself. (E).The length of the season depended on thegreater festivals. But for the greater partof the year, the maestros of the variousalternating troupes are obliged to go withtheir companies, which generally consistedof three or four men, and a boy whopassed the hat (S), to eke out a livelihood in the provinces (buscarse la vida posciudades, villas y aldeas y aun por lorcortijos mas pobres (S, P).In Madrid, Barcelona and Sevilla,and finally in the smallest towns, an evermore fastidious audience steadily increasedin its passion for the theatre and for theperformance of complete Comedias de capay espada, in whose three Jornadas (acts)galant intrigue alternated with scenes ofobscenity, and which were well spiced withLoas " (eclogues) and " Prologos) " inthe style of the time. In these the poet andthe actor saluted the spectators and pleadedfor indulgence; they took the place, inan unlettered age, of our programmes O,which are often no less otiose. (P).Conjurors and acrobats were neverquite excluded from any of these stages.We learn from the prohibitions and fromthe sometimes " striking " protests of the" Mosqueterfa " (the rougher part of theaudience) against the ecclesiastical andcourtly prudishness and care for their spi- ritual welfare I 2), that the entractes wereoccupied not only by burlesque Entremeses(interludes) or honest " danzas antiguas ypermitidas but that there was a specialrequest for the " bailes (3) populares ytruhanescos ", those vulgar and contemptiblepopular dances, which, proceeding fromSpain to Naples and Rome, have con- quered the whole world (P). The wildZarabanda, "el pestifero baile **, theaffined Chacona and the charming Segui- dillas modelled on the two, have oftenvied with the literary Muse of the SpanishTheatre and have filled it with ever freshand vital blood and life. (S). All this hindered neither the refinedgentlemen of the Court nor the severelords of the clergy from liking to appearat these truly " mixed " performances,nor from inviting the actors, out of thesesurroundings of pickpockets and lost women,to take part in their sumptuous festivalperformances. (P). The actor and thepoet are the link between the three formsof the Spanish stage. In spite of all prohi- bitions it was not easy to drive the actorfrom the courtyards and sacristies of theChurches. He was as skilled in the " artpompeux '' for the Courts, as in buffooneryfor the people.As regards our theatre-corrals, theycan never in spite of the ever-growing" theatrical season " quite lose all traceof their original scope for the comfort ofmen and animals. (P). For a Northerner itis not easy to imagine, how in one andthe same courtyard the coaches and thebeasts could be placed in their stables,the muleteers lodged in their booths, thesellers of fruta y agua ** wander aboutamong the audience and yet the theatrebe carried on with passion and properlyenjoyed (P). All this went on in theopen air and by day-light (at about thesame hour as modern bull-fights). Andyet all these apparent contradictions areso easily explained by the fatalistic non- chalance of the southerner in regard toall the obvious things of life. For himWorld and Representation do not—as forus—fall apart in contradictions. Even inMadrid the two famous theatres of theCorral del Principe and de la Cruzmust never have lost their character ashostels of the Cofradias, as hospital andas rest-house for muleteers and ox-driversand as lodging-houses for pilgrims andpriests etc. (P).The Cofradias bought additional plotsof ground for their Corrals, as well as the surrounding houses, whose windowsserved as natural boxes for the audience.At no great expense they installed platformsfor the stage fforo o tablado) and stairsthat led to the dressing-rooms of theactors (vestuario). They built entrancesand stairs to the window " boxes ", aswell as Rejas (railings), balconies andgelosias " for the protection of thespectators. They leased these Corral- theatres for one performance, for the sea- son, later on for 2 or 4 years, to theimpresarios (autores o autoras) (P. S).The sale-contracts for the houses, thebuilding-contract with the workmen, thereports of the building-commissaries withregard to damages and decay are—if weexcept prohibition and occasional law-suits—more or less the only reliable and dis- passionate sources from which we mayform an idea of the appearance of theselong-lived fields of art.The Administrators of the Fraternitiesand the impresarios attached the greatest im- portance to the decoration of the aposen- tos (boxes) for magistrates, ecclesiasticaldignitaries and great nobles (closed forthe ladies and provided with special en- trances and stairs) whose parapets consi- sted of masonry; to the arrangement ofthe stalls (gradas) for the " more distin- guished " part of the audience, whichwere disposed over the floor of the patio(and therefore sometimes called tablado)and under * the galleries (corredores) ; andlast of all, to the leasing of the mostluxurious boxes to the Grandees of theCourt.On the other hand very little wasdone for the actual stage and all thatappertained to it. In the arrangement ofseats for the audience it was not simplya question of pleasure and comfort forladies and persons of quality, but this waswhat really paid the expenses of the theatre. Not that there was any superfluousluxury. The boxes and the galleries wereoften decrepit enough to cause a moderninspector of works to tear his hair O.It can be easily imagined how amidstthe lively interest then shown in the thea- tre, some theatre-maniacs occupied seatsright under the stage, of which a Cabal- lero franees, who came to Spain in 1659with the Marechal de Grammont, tellsus that their use was almost hereditary(como un mayorazgo). One can alsoimagine, how the fat Padre Marca Ocana,dressed, in spite of all prohibitions, insecular garb, and right under the legs ofhis adored bailarina (dancer), used to flinghis gross quips at the actors on the po- dium or at the howling mass of the Mo- squeteria (o Infanteria Espanola) thoseburghers and artisans of capa y espada,those caballerors of the patio (P). Theystood in compact groups around the ta- blados of the actors and filled, incorruptiblejudges, the whole corral with their masterfuloutcry (vide Moratin M, P). One cansee the learned gentlemen on their bancossabios which later in an aesthetecraze for Tertullian became the " Ter- tulia ". In the upper story we see theglowing eyes, the whirring fans and theheaving bosoms of the ladies, while overthe balustrades of still other galleries therelean gallant gentlemen, " en gravedad ygolilla ", in gravity and ruffs, in order tocast a glance at the stage, or to exchangeone with their adorata, if they did notprefer, as did Padre Ocana, to take up their permanent abode amidst the Mo- squeteria.But what we can but most vaguelyconceive, is a mere trifle. And this isconsidered to be well-known, and is passedover in silence by all documents. It issuch a matter of course, that it is hardlymentioned. This is: the Theatre I Its stage,its platform, its backgrounds, decorationsand other requisites! Last of all, the actor,his costumes, his wigs, his acting andinter-acting! (M, P) 0).We hear of the " poverty of thescenic apparatus ", of a stair to thedressing-room of the actors. We know,that &lt;k outsiders " were not allowed admit- tance to these dressing-rooms, by royaldecree. (S, P). But what this room waslike, how the stairs joined it to the stage,where the stage itself was, whether itleaned against a house, a wall of thecorral or stood free in the middleof the courtyard; whether it had anyscenes, what they looked like, whether theactors dressed in the fashions of the dayor wore fancy dress all this we can onlyguess, but we do not know. (M, P).Of course, we can desume from theproscriptions of the Censor, that the femalefars antes (from farce) wore fairly indecentskirts and bodices, or, preferably, malecostume. It is well-known that confessorswere assailed by the scruples of gallantgentlemen, who could not remove theireyes from the charming decolletes andover-short skirts; and that His Majestyoften proclaimed to these ladies, that theymust pull their kerchiefs up to their chinsand lower their basquinas down to theirlittle feet. And last of all, we learn that theAlcalde was ordered to be present at theperformance of the comedies and to watch over the exact observance of the decrees,as well as over public decency in general.So we cannot admit, that at the timeof the sumptuous Marques de Helichethese same actors, who enriched the festivalsof the Court with their presence and wereinvited by the nobles to their particularesafter the performance, were contented, intheir so popular Corral performances, witha poverty of costume which perhaps in1492 might have sufficed for their thenless sophisticated audiences. (S, P). v).Of course in the limited platforms ofthe Corral no great splendour of sceneryand trasformations was possible. A platform,upon which it had to be possible to lookdown on from above, on at least threesides, and whose surface we are told wasone yard above the ground, can not sup- port any lofty superstructures. I can readilybelieve, that the taste of Spanish artistsdid not even attempt to vie with the su- perior resources of princely decoration inthis unsuitable field.As with the costumes, so must we alsorefrain from supposing that the acting wasprimitive. Not only the testimony ofRoxas and Cervantes, but also theardent interest of a Prince of Morocco, ofa Philip IV, who is said to have beenpresent in incognito at performances in theCorral de la Pacheca, and, lastly, thetheatrical craze of the Corregidor of MadridDon Juan Armona supply sufficientproof of the high quality of this art. And yet, how little all these docu- ments contribute to a plastic vision ofCalderon's stage! How many distortedand contradictory ideas have they notgiven rise to! Or are we to believe thefable of writers of a later age, when theyassure us that the prompter as he mayhave done in the closed theatres of laterdays! followed the actors around thestage from one side to another with viso- red cap, candle and book.The candle at least was not requiredin the Corral theatres, since the perfor- mance took place by daylight and in theopen. That the Alcalde sat " right onthe stage " f1) with a clerk and twoushers, that the Guitarrist was placed " inthe middle of the stage ", when he ac- companied his " Princesses " (2), ishardly believable as a general characte- ristic, and in Calderon's times quite unthink- able. And last of all, whether on ly thegalleries and the Gradashad tejadas (roofs),or whether, as has been asserted, thestage did as well, and even, in Romanfashion, the whole Corral was coveredwith a huge awning, is after all a questionof purely secondary importance. (P).It is enough to recall the delightfulblunder caused throughout a whole century(and one so near to us too) in our ideasof the mystery-stages, by the double mea- ning of the word " estage " Or the naivelegend of " written tablets ", which Shakes- peare is supposed to have set up before analmost exclusively unlettered audience inorder to explain the locality of his scenes.Before Karl Theodor Gaedertz discov- ered Johann de Witt's drawing in 1880and identified it as a picture of the Swan Theatre of London, it was impossible toform any clear idea of what the Shakes- pearean theatre was like.Words are equivocal. They aim moreat effects and atmosphere than at causesand appearances. These latter belong topictorial representation. But hitherto wewere absolutely -without any such represen- tation of a theatrical performance in aSpanish corral. As far as I know, thereare not even any typical costume-pictures,or scene-designs, f1) for this stage—whichcan be easily explained by the primitivestate of the scenic apparatus (see Roxas,P),—for which Calderon wrote plays that,as Goethe says, could be played on abarrel.According to Murillejo the wholestage of the Corral consisted of a platformone yard high, without any scenery besidesa cloth stretched out to serve as abackground. It had open holes or trap- doors (for apariencias: andstairs that led up to it. And yet afterall there are a hundred nuances of thestages of a period, from the MetropolitanOpera House to the country-booth, fromMadrid to Toboso. II. THE DRAWING BY MIGUELMARCH IN THE BIBLIOTECANACIONAL OF MADRID. THE accompanying pen-and-ink-drawingis a copy made by me of a washedquill-drawing in sepia on paper, in theBiblioteca Nacional of Madrid. It ispublished in the " Dibujos originales demaestros Espanoles " (2) of August Me- yer, no. 40 of the first volume: Dibujoal pincel y espalto (?) Al. 17,7 cm,— ———- An. 37,6 cm, Madrid. Biblioteca Nacio- nal. Citado: Barcia num 427 ".Meyer identifies the author as fol- lows : " Miguel March (?). Nacido enValencia en 1637, muerto alii 1670,discipulo de su padre D. Esteban, quienlo fue de Orente y fallecio en 1660.and describes the subject of the drawingthus: " Grupos de caballeros. Ala izquierda,en primer termino, unos novilios. El ca- racter de este apunte parece mas bienholandes que espanol. Es curioso ver quelos contornos de algunas figuras estan pan- zadas con una aguja para calcar el dibujosobre la tela.This is perhaps also the reason whythe margin is damaged, in one gap ofwhich is written in ink, in another hand,on the underlying paper, " Miguel March ".I too recognise in this drawing therepresentation of a few caballeros andnovilios. But in addition it seems to meto be an unexceptionable and very cha- racteristic representation of a theatricalperformance in a Corral in Calderon'stime 0).For this affirmation the identificationof the author is irrelevant, especially sincethe costumes of the caballeros belong tothe seventeenth century, perhaps to thesecond half. Therewith Calderon's time(he died in 1 681) is sufficiently establishedfor our purposes. By the " Dutch cha- racter " which Meyer attributes to thedrawing, I think is meant simply the tenorof the technique, which cannot surprise usin a Spanish painter after such a longperiod of political union.In the figures represented from No. 1 -6we see actors performing on a platform(tablado) whose supports are clearly visiblebetween the youth No. 7 who is leaning on the floor of the stage (about one yardfrom the ground), and the child No. 8.The background of the stage is formedby a flat wall or scenic parapet, whichstretches behind the actors from the rightwall above the youth No. 7 straight tothe round tower-like superstructure onwhich the actor No. 4 is leaning as ona stool. There may be another suchplastic turret between nos. 2 and 3. f1).On the stage, next to the actor no.3 who is speaking with lifted hand, atwhom many of the spectators in the stalls(Nos. 8-18) are looking, are a chair andan open box or coffer, with an archedcover. Behind the chair a flat wall issuggested, of which it is not easy to judge,whether, as it might seem from the per- spective of its upper corner, it representsa further elevation (cover for entrance?)of the posterior parapet of the stage, orwhether as is done by the position ofthe chair it is meant to indicate a divi- sion of the stage into two separate rooms.The left room or space ends in anentrance-stairs, which is clearly indicatedby the actor no. 5 who is just coming up.Perhaps the flat wall, left, behind theactor No. 6, who is standing at this en- trance (no doubt on the top step of thestairs), is meant to cover the stairs thatleads aslant towards the back.It seems to me as though the artisthad wished to represent a simultaneousscenic action, in which, in consequence,all six characters are performing at once.For the speaker No. 3 is pointing withhis hand towards the action at the stairs,at which the seated youth no. 4 admits,with a gesture of invitation, the actor No. 5(who bears a burden which can not clearly be made out), whereas No. 6 (anolder man, dressed in popular garb) isstill discussing with No. 5 as to hisadmission.And indeed it is significant that theinterest of the Mosqueteria is dividedbetween the speaker No. 3 and the goings- on on the stairs, towards which he ispointing. No. 11,13, 14,15, 18 namely,who all (with the possible exception ofNo. 11) show by their faces and clothesthat they belong to the " superior ** specta- tors, are looking at the speaker anxiously,whereas the people (No. 7, 10, 12) arewatching with preference the events at theentrance.The " fancy-dress " of the actors isclearly intended as theatrical costume andclearly recognizable even to the levellingeye of our own century as a contrast tothe everyday and fashionable garb of theaudience. No. 1 wears trunk-hose, perhapswith a cod-piece, a jerkin with a goose-bellyattached negligently, no doubt with adesign to humour, a round cap and capay espada. His thick nose, and long bareneck characterise his part egregiously.No. 2, probably the " grazioso " orperhaps a girl disguised as a boy, issplendidly characterised by his effeminate,dancing pose. No. 3, the " hero " of theplay, is fashionably clothed and in obviousrelation to the open coffer, which will bea token for connoisseurs of the literatureof that fertile period helping to identifythe play by means of this " property ".No. 5, too, whose burden apart fromthe number of the characters and the na- ture of the parts will provide a secondmeans of identifying the play, is, with hispotato-nose, his cap set awry over oneear, and his stuffed paunch, easily reco- gnisable as a commediante dell'arte.Let us now turn to the Mosqueteria.The spectators in the are as clearly characterised as the actors on the stage.On the right the young lad No. 7 withhis trunk-hose. Then the merry artisan.No. 9 with long breeches, a workman'sblouse, and a cap. The Chico No. 8, whowith his left hand holds on to that of hisfather, and whose hair his father is caressingwith his right hand. The little boy isinterested neither in the speaker No. 3 norin the goings-on on the stairs, but onlyin the droll man with the huge belly, thered nose and the dagger.Then comes the fellow in the plushbreeches (No. 10), who is marching withgreat steps towards one of the entrances,while the youth No. 1 1 inside of thebarrier is watching the action on the stagewith an almost passionate enthusiasm.This enclosed space is clearly indicatedby two barriers A and B (see ground- plan), which run slanting towards thestage. Compare: Caballero No. 17 whois leaning from within on the one end,while the youth No. 1 I is holding onevidently to the other side of Barrier A.Barrier B is almost hidden by the close- ly crammed Mosqueterfa, only the lowerpart is clearly visible between the legs ofCaballeros No. 19 and 20.That the city, in which our drawinghad its origin, was a place of some im- portance, is proved by the crowd of well- dressed caballeros (No. 1 6-22), who arestanding at the feet of Thalia as evidenthabitues of the theatre and fling their jestsinto the tumult of the patio. The greatmass of the spectators, the ladies, the clergyand the dignitaries, sat and stood, as weknow, in the corredores and in the apo- sentos of the houses that surrounded theIt must have been from one of theseaposentos or corredores on the right side(seen from the audience) that our artistsaw and drew this scene. That is clearly demonstrated by the marked perspective.The young caballerono. 22 is gracefullydoffing his ample sobrero to one of thecorredores de las mujeres, or to the ce- losia of a grandee, whereas the Mozono. 23 behind him is calling somethingup to a Ventana high up and to theright of the painter straight opposite thestage.The peasants or cattle-merchants (Nos.25 and 26) behind the young cattle, thesmall group (No. 28-32) vhich is discussinga bargain or the latest talk of the town,are as little disturbed by the performanceas the stalls and the actors are by them.Whether the page-like youth (No. 27) isthe " boy who passed the hat ", is leftto our imagination.O campestre mansion olorosa del ga- nado y de los comediantes! O charmingnonchalance of the Southerner in regardto all the obvious things of life!It is unnecessary to add more. Anyonecan see that this is the picture of areal performance. And the skill of theartist in characterisation proves that weare watching the performance of a come- dy and not one of the equally popularfeatures of the Corral, such as a dance,a conjuror's show, acrobatism, etc.In conclusion: I trust that the learningof Spanish philologists will soon be ableto identify the play which is being per- formed. When thus the last hiatus in theexplanation of this pictorial representationof a corral in Calderon's time shall befilled, I shall feel happy in having givento the Spanish people, for whose countryand qualities I have so great a sympathy,a fresh testimony, by means of this dis- covery, of the time of their glory. (1) That is how Ricardo Sepulveda, in his " EI Cor- ral de la Pacheca, apuntes para la historia del teatro es- panol Madrid, libreria de Fernando Fe, 1888, beginshis account of manuscripts of the time when princes them- selves were so glad to act.Besides this book I have also had recourse to the" Tratado historico sobre el origin de la comedia y delhistrionismo en Espana " by Casiano Pellicer, Madrid, 2vols., at the imprenta de la administracion del Real Ar- bitrio de Beneficiencia, 1804. And also to the " Esce- nograffa Espanola " by Joaquin Munoz Murillejo, Madrid,imprenta Blass, Soc. An., 1923.Where ever it is possible, I limit my description toliteral quotations in these books from manuscripts and print- ed matter of the time. References to these sources areabbreviated as follows: (P) for Pellicer, (S) for Sepulvedaand (M) for Murillejo.(2) I shall not speak of the ecclesiastical processionaltheatre with its performances of sacramental autos on thecars of the " fiesta del Corpus ". Similarly I can butjust touch upon the princely festival-theatre. (i) See also Pellicer: " un caballero francos", whotravelled through Spain in 1659. (I) His Obra in the Real Biblioteca in the Escoria!are indicated by Pellicer, with a reprint of an examplefrom one of his comedies. (1) Whereas posters were customary since Cosme deOviedo (according to Roxas's " viaje entretenido ").(2) Sometimes also on the part of bigoted actors(see Pellicer : memoir of the actor Ortiz), who were in- clined to die piously. (Pellicer : the Baltasara etc.)(3) A " baile " is a singable dancing strophe, whichfollows certain rhythmical laws (1) Report of the Royal and Municipal ArchitectJuan Beloro on the condition of the Corral del Prmcipein Madrid in 1660 (P)(2) Corral and patio, besides " courtyard-" ! Patiowith the specific meaning of floor surface between the housesand serving as " stalls " or " pit(3) It need not be assumed, that the " Bancos por- tables 99 (P), which are so often mentioned, were necessa- rily placed, as a special section, in the patio in the midstof the surrounding Mosqueteria. They were father theseating accomodation for the gradas y cortedores. (I) Reconstructions that endeavour to serve as asubstitute for lacking pictorial representations, are neitherpleasant nor reliable. (1) Agustin de Roxas Villandrando, a great actor,ff. 1600 ca., speaks in his 44 Loa de la Comedia " of theshabby scenic apparatus of the times of Lope de Rueda ;he says that then 44 a cloak, a clown, a stringed instru- ment and a false beard " were enough to make a play.In his book 44 El Viaje Entretenido.... " Madrid, EmprentaReal J 603, he enumerates his predecessors, who originatedthe movement towards proper costuming on the stageand made but scanty use of false beards.(2) See note 12.(3) His manuscript 44 Las memorias cronologicas so- bre el origen de las representaciones de comedias enEspaTa " (S). (1) Even if he may have had his place, later onin the closed 8 tier' theatres, in the proscenium. (P) (S).(2) Perhaps due to anj erroneous interpretation ofinformation given by Roxas, who says of the impresarioNavarro that he drew the music, which had formerly play- ed out of sight, on to the open stage. _ - —*(1) Unless one desires thus to consider book-illus- trations to old Spanish editions of ancient play-writers.(2) The Hispanic Society of America. New York.1920, (1) All our observations can easily be controlledby consulting the excellent reproduction of the drawing inMeyer. (1) If one imagines these two round constructionsconcealed, here we should have two possibilities for theapariencias de demonios, for which, because of the ab- solute bareness of the tablado platform, there would beno possibility under the floor. A FORGOTTEN HARLEQUIN. BY R. J. BROADBENT. TOM ELLAR was a prince among Har- lequins, but his life, like the garb hewore, was a chequered one. His namedoes not appear to be in any biogra- phical dictionary; but it is evident thathe had brains in his head, as well astalent in his heels. He was born in 1780and made his metropolitan debut at theRoyalty Theatre on Easter Monday in 1808.Two years later Ellar was engaged forthe production of the pantomime, 4 4 TheMountain Witches; or Harlequin Miller ",at the Crow Street Theatre, Dublin. Therewas an aquatic bower, with a display offireworks, large cisterns having been erectedand pipes laid through the theatre, underthe direction of Signor Belzoni, the afterwardscelebrated traveller. The scene, however,failed and the orchestra, fearful of beinginundated, took to flight, leaving Ellar,Gomery, the clowij, and Bessie Dyke, thecolumbine, to finish the pantomime in themidst of a splendid shower of fire andwater. Bessie Dyke subsequently marriedThomas Moore, the celebrated Irish poet.Three years after his Dublin engagementEllar commenced his career at CoventGarden Theatre in a pantomime called" Harlequin and the Swans The fol- lowing year he made his first appearanceat Sadler's Wells in " The Rival Genii;or Harlequin Wild Man". London andprovincial engagements followed until about1839.But who can be found to write ofpantomimists as Charles Dickens wrote ofGrimaldi ? When he learned that thedeparted clown had left some memoirs ofhis life behind him he was in a perfectfever - of exitement to peruse the manu- script, which he afterwards edited for hisfriend, Bentley, the publisher.The great novelist's ardent love for thewearers of the motley became known toEllar who thought that his autobiograpywould form a necessary companion to thatof Grimaldi, and with this good intent hesought the aid of the inimitable delineatorof Pickwick.It is the privilege of genius to influencethe fate of others, and with a breath, toeffect that service which the less giftedcan only perform by pecuniary sacrifice.To Dickens Ellar ventured the hope thatone who so triumphantly advocated in hiswritings the exercise of kindly feelingswould not be unwilling to prove that thepreceptor loved the practice of his owndoctrines.Ellar was the last of three pantomi- mists, who had occupied not an obscureniche in the Temple of Fame. Grimaldiwas dead. Barnes died just as the tardyhand of charity was opened to him, andbefore he could taste the cup which cametoo late to save him. Ellar was left inloneliness and old age to contemplate asimilar fate." I have thought ", he wrote to Dic- kens, " that an autobiography of myself,enlivened with the vast fund of originalanecdote which I possess of every star inthe theatrical profession, would, under yourauspices as the nominal editor, contributeto avert the stern destiny with which I amthreatened. You have performed the sameact in editing the memoirs of Grimaldi,to rescue the dead from oblivion; mayI then hope that you will not withholdits repetition, when it is to preserve the living from destitution. The lustre of yourname will have power to brighten my lastdays, and render the close of a laboriouslife a happy one ". Days and weeks wentby, but no answer came from " Bozand when it did mature the reply was inthe negative, and the autobiography waslost to stage literature. Curiously enough.Dickens knew Ellar's nobility of heart as hehad recorded the following story of the Harle- quin in " The Memoirs of Grimaldi Du- ring the run of the pantomime " BaronMunchausen; or The Fountain of Love ",produced at Co vent Gardem on Decem- ber 26, 1816, the men who held thecarpet in which the pantomime characterswere caught when they jumped throughthe scenes, deliberately failed to catch Ellarin his flight through the " moon ". To savehis head he fractured one of his hands,but rather than any of the men shouldbe dismissed (one of whom had a wifeand half-a-dozen children dependent onhim) Ellar declared the mistake was acci- dental !" This praiseworthy resolution " wroteDickens, " which prevented several menfrom being thrown out of employment, wasTendered the more praiseworthy by Ellar'shaving no earthly doubt that the mistake"was intentional, and by his knowing per- fectly well that if he had fallen on his headin lieu of his hand he would most pro- bably have been killed on the spot '.Meanwhile, Ellar eked out a precariousexistence by playing a guitar in the streets,and as a singer and dancer in public houses.And this happened to one who had beena favourite at the principal metropolitantheatres. For season after season had theagile movements of Ellar, and the glitterof his spangled jacket, delighted parents aswell as children.Thackeray, however, in one of hischaracteristic studies, drew attention to theindigence of poor Ellar: " Harlequin El- lar ", he wrote, " prince of many of ourenchanted islands, was he not at BowStreet the other day in his dirty, faded,tattered motley—seized as a lawbreaker foracting at a penny theatre, after havingwell-nigh starved in the streets, wherenobody would listen to his old guitar?No one gave a shilling to bless him, notone of us who owe him so much .In 1842 Ellar, on the recommendationof M. Corri, the musical composer, wasengaged to play Harlequin at the AdelphiTheatre. This engagement brightened thedecline of his days with some prosperity;but his heart was broken, and in a fewmonths he died in his sixty-second year. PLAN OF THE CITIES OFLONDON AND WESTMINSTER. THE BOROUGH OF SOUTHWARK ANDPARTS ADJOINING: THE SECOND HALF OF THE PLANWITH A FEW FACTS AND DATESABOUT THEATRES AND THOSEASSOCIATED WITH THEM. BY R. HORWOOD. 1792-1799. PLATE 3 A HYDE PARK."Kynaston (the actor who played" female parts) at that time was so" beautiful a youth, that the Ladies of" Quality prided themselves in taking" him with them in their coaches, to" Hyde Park, in his theatrical habit" after the Play; which in those days" they might have sufficient time to do," because Plays then were us'd to" begin at four o'clock : the hour that" People of the same rank are now" (1740) going to dinner. Of this truth" 1 had the curiosity to enquire, and" had it confirmed from his own mouth" in his advanced age. " (0BROMPTON.This used to be one of the favou- rite residences of actors and singers.MICHAEL'S PLACE.Miss Pope, the actress, (1742-1818)died at No. 17 Michael's Place.BROMPTON CRESCENT.Charles Incledon (1763-1826) diedat No. 13. The crescent was builtafter 1799 and occupying the groundsouth of Michael Place and west ofMichael Grove.BROMPTON SQUARE.George Colman, the younger (1762-1836) died at No. 22, not shown onthis plan but exactly opposite the en- trance to Michael Grove.BROMPTON ROW.John Reeves, the comedian (1799-1838) died at No. 46, and wasburied in Brompton churchyard. ST. GEORGE'S PLACE. St George'sHospital.John Liston, ((c) 1766-1846) diedat No. 14, fronting the Park. PLATE 3 B PIMLICO.STAFFORD ROW.Richard Yates, (1706-1796) diedhere. This actor's great-nephew was, afew months after, on August 22nd,killed while endeavouring to effect anentrance into the house from the backgarden.In the same row died Mrs. MaryAnn Yates the actress (1728-1787);she was one of Garrick's best disciplinedleading ladies.EATON SQUARE.GROSVENOR PLACE.In 1807 Mrs. Abington, (1737-1815), one of the greatest but mosttroublesome of English actresses, wasliving at No. 19 in two rooms. Noneof the Theatrical fraternity attendedher funeral, which, as one thinks of it,seems uncommonly thoughtful of thefraternity.PICCADILLY.PICCADILLY TERRACE.In 1815, by March 17th, LordByron is living at " No. 13, PiccadillyTerrace ", the Duchess of Devonshire'shouse, " she being in France ".Near Hyde Park Corner was No,138-139, the Duke of Queensbury'sHouse. In the 139 half lived LordByron in 1815. (?) Presumably No. 13of the Terrace was No. 139 of thewhole street known as Piccadilly. HERTFORD STREET.At No. 10 Richard Brinsley Sheri- dan lived in 1800.CHESTERFIELD STREET.Beau Brummel lived at No. 4 ; in1810 he removed to 22 South-street,north of Chesterfield House.Plate 2 A &amp;B).HALF MOON STREET," Yesterday, James Boswell, Esq," arrived from Scotland at his lodgings,"in Half Moon Street, Piccadilly,says the " Public Advertiser " ofMarch 24th, 1768.Peter Cunningham remembers Ma- dame D'Arblay (Fanny Burney) livingon the 'east side of this street, in thelast house (that is No.l) overlookingPiccadilly. " Her sitting-room was the" front room over the shop, then a" linendraper's, now (1850) a turner's," shop. "Mrs Pope (nee Younge) the actress,(1744-1797) died 'n this street. MichaelKelly visited Mr. and Mrs. Pope herein 1793.CLARGES STREET.Lady Hamilton was living at No. 11from 1804 to 1806,Edmund Kean (1787-1833) wasliving at No. 12, from 1816 to 1824.Mrs. Abingdon lived at the houseat the corner of Clarges-street andPiccadilly about the year 1770.Miss O'Neill (1791-1872), laterLady William Becher, lived on thewest side of Clarges-street, a few doorsfrom Piccadilly.STRATTON STREET.No. 1 was the mansion of Mrs. Couttswho was formerly Miss Harriet Mel- lon (1777-1837). She married Couttsthe banker in 1815, and afterwards(1827) married the Duke of St. Al- bans, and thus, writes Leigh Hunt,." brought back the dukedom to thepoint from which it set out thestage". She bequeathed the house andmost of her wealth to Miss AngelaBurdett Coutts (1814-1906), youngestdaughter of Sir Francis Burdett, Bart. It was at No. 17 of ths same streetthat Sir Henry Irving lived in 1899and till his death in 1905. His bodylay in state on the eve of the Funeralat the old house of the Baroness Bur- dett Coutts.DEVONSHIRE HOUSE.This mansion was recently destroyed.It was here that the collection of oldEnglish plays, formed by John PhilipKemble, was kept. It had been boughtfor £/ 2000 at his death in 1823, bythe Dukeof Devonshire, who, it is said,added largely to the collection.ARLINGTON STREET.This street lies on the south side ofPiccadilly.At No. 5, on the east side, diedSir Robert Walpole in 1745. Heleft the house to his son Horace, wholived in it until 1779.ST. JAMES'S.ST. JAMES'S STREET.An English poet unfortunately nowforgotten, one Byron, (1788-1824)lived in lodging 3 at No. 8 in 1811.James Gillray, the caricaturist, (1757-1815) lived at No. 29 over the shopof Miss Humphrey, the print-sellerand publisher. From 1811 he wasimbecile, and in 1815 committed sui- cide in this house by leaving from atop window.PARK PLACE.In 1836 Charles Kemble is livingat No. 1 1.BURY STREET.In 1818 Thomas Moore is lodgingat No. 24. In 1814, according to LordByron, Moore was living at No. 33.Both houses are on the west side ofthe street.Crabbe, the poet, writes in his" Journal":" 28th June, 1817. Seek lodgings,37, Bury-street. " " Females only vi- sible .... My new lodgings a littte my- sterious ".ST. JAMES'S PLACE.At No. 22 lived Samuel Rogers,banker and poet, from 1808 till hisdeath in 1855.The house was the scene of manya meeting between Rogers and Sheri- dan, Lawrence, Moore, Godwin, Scott,Byron, (the forgotten poet), SydneySmith, Wordsworth, and some fiftyother artists, writers, musicians and actors.Once Shelley called for a loan for Leigh Hunt: ....was refused.... William Blake (1757-1827) not re- ported to ever have been seen there:this pleasant old Rogers, banker andpoet, " had not heard of him ".Mrs. Robinson, the actress, (1758-1800) lived here " in a small housecirca 1798.KING STREET.ST. JAMES'S THEATRE.In 1835 the architect Beazley (1786-1851) built " a small neat theatre "on the scuth side of this street wherethe letter K of the word King isplaced ; for Timbs says that it occu- pied the site of Nerot's Hotel, num- ber 19; adding that the interior of theTheatre resembled that of the Palaceof Versailles. It was built for Brahamthe singer (1 774?-1856) at a cost of£ 50,000 and £ 8000 for the site.Rachel acted in this playhouse in 1841.ST. JAMES'S SQUARE.On the west side, says Cunningham,lived Madame Davis (flourished 1663to '69): Madame Mary Davis, brieflyMoil Davis, &lt;c the dancer, and mis- tress of the King She was doyvnon the rates book as living on thenorth side, and paid £5.0.0. presu- mably per year.PALL MALL.At No. 79 lived Nell Gwynnefrom 1671 to 1687. Later the housewas the cradle of the Society for thePropagation of the Gospel in ForeignParts.In 1671 Evelyn saw Mrs Nellie•• Looking out of her garden on aterrace at the top of the wall" andtalking to King Charles.Close to the Opera House (King'sTheatre, Haymarket) Mile. Guimardin 1786-87 takes the House numbered10 Pall Mall (0.In 1793 Michael Kelly also lodgedin this street, and in Suffolk Street,Haymarket, close by.In June 1763 Casanova, oncomingto London, takes a house of threestories at a rent of twenty guineas aweek : leaving it he goes to Soho inFebruary 1764. (q. v.)■mm. —tmmmm i i i i—wmmmmwm in n mi mi PLATE 3 C HAYMARKET &amp; PALL MALL.OPERA HOUSE.First built by Sir John Vanburgh in1705 it was burnt down in 1789. (R. Lowe says 1788). A new buil- ding designed by Michael Novosielskiwas opened in 1791 (x), and in 1816-18it was altered and enlarged by Nashand Repton, It was again destroyed in1867. In 1872 it was rebuilt: in1892 demolished. A thorough historyof this Opera House is needed." ORANGE" COFFEE HOUSE.The 44 Orange " Coffee House orPrince of Orange Coffee House, oppo- site King's Theatre at the south eastextremity of the Haymarket,Casanova visited it in 1763 andfound there Vincenzo Marinelli.SPRING GARDENS.Colley Cibber lived here in a housenear the Old Bull Head Tavern from1711 to 1714.THE COCKPIT PLAYHOUSE.The Cockpit Playhouse stoodbetween Downing Street and St. James'sPark. It was the private theat-e ofCharles 11. To me it seems obviousthat the designs by Inigo Jones re- produced in the Architectural Record,Volume XXXII, page 263 et seg. andin the " Architectural Review ", in1925, are for this Theatre (2).LOCKET'S.This was a famous ordinary, whichstood on the site of Drummond'sBanking-house, at Charing Cross.Jevon, the actor and dramatist, de- dicates his Devil of a Wife (4to 1686)to his friends frequenting Locket's or- dinary.WHITEHALL.SCOTLAND YARD.Here lived three Theatre architects:(1) Inigo Jones: and here died hissuccessor Sir John Denham, the poetof Cooper's Hill: here lived (Denham'ssuccessor) (2) Sir Christopher Wren; andhere, in a fantastic house, immortalisedby Swift in some ludicrous lines, lived(3) Sir John Vanburgh.Vanburgh's house was designed andbuilt by himself, from the ruins ofWhitehall, and was destroyed by firein 1697.BANQUETTING HALL.This was designed by Inigo Jonesand used for the Masques of BenJonson and Jones : it is here markedChapel, being converted into one in1724 by George I. WESTMINSTER.DOWNING STREET.Here was "a neat little Theatre "owned by the Blake Delavals about1762. 1 should like to hear somethingof this little playhouse.GARDENER'S LANE.Wenceslas Hollar, the engraver(1607-1677) died here." The rewards of all his diligence," now that he had reached to the" verge of his seventieth year, were" such and so insufficient, that they" could not prevent the assault of an" execution upon him at his house in" Gardener*s-lane, Westminster, He de- " sired only the liberty of dying in" his bed, and that he might not be" removed to any other prison but his" grave". (0 Not a bad engravereither.GREAT GEORGE STREET." Lord Byron's body lay in state for" two days, at No. 25 in this street," then the residence of Sir Edward" Knatchbull, now the Institution of Civil" Engineers. 1 remember the funeral, and" saw the coffin carried to the hearse." The street was blocked up by specta- " tors from a very early hour ". (2)TOTHILL STREET. LINCOLN HOUSE.Here in 1664 lived Sir Henry Her- bert, the inspector of plays underCharles 11.Here Betterton was born in 1735ST. MARGARET'S.Nicholas Udall (1505-1556), authorof Ralph Roister Doister, one of ourearliest English comedies, is buried here,and also Wenceslaus Hollar, the en- graver (1607-1677).Betterton was baptised here.WESTMINSTER ABBEY.POETS' CORNER.Here is the Monument of EdmundSpenser (1552 ?-15 59), author of " TheFaerie Queene ", erected at the expenseof Anne Pembroke, Dorset, andMontgomery, and renewed in 1778 atthe instigation of Mason, the poet.Spenser died in King-street, West- minster, " from lack of bread ", andwas buried here at the expense of theEarl of Essex.A monument to Shakespeare, whois supposed to be buried in Stratfordon Avon, was erected here in the reign of George 11, from the design ofKent; when Pope was asked foran inscription, he wrote: " Thus Britons love me, and preserve[my fame,Free from a Barber's or a Benson'sname. "This proved in the nineteenth centuryto be not quite incorrect on three out offour points. Close to the monument ofShakespeare is a slab in the pavementto Henry Irving (1838-1905).There is a monument to MichaelDrayton (1563-1631).In the south Transept were buriedSheridan, Garrick, Henderson, Dave- nant and Nancy Oldfield.A tablet to Ben Jonson was erectedin the reign of George 11., a centuryafter the poet's death.In the cloisters are buried Betterton,Mrs. Bracegirdle and Samuel Foote.The body of Byron, now a forgot- ten poet, was refused admission to theAbbey. PLATES 3 C &amp; 4 C MARSHAM STREET.Between 1737 and 1740 Mrs.Charke, daughter of Colley Cibber,lived here, Had her little faults, wasnot after money, and for this reasonhistorians should pay her far more at- tention than the Guimards, Clives, Clai- rons and Co. who were commercial:the historians honour them too much.LAMBETH.MARSH STREET.At No. 29, " near the Turnpike ",where the railway arch crosses theWestminster-road) lived, in 1787, Fran- cis Haward, one of the best of ourEnglish engravers. His " Mrs Siddons,as the Tragic Muse ", after Sir Joshua,was engraved in this house, and willperpetuate his name.ASTLEY'S AMPHITHEATRE, West- minster Bridge Road.It is no new fault of modern EnglishHistorians when one contradicts the otherabout the far off matters relating to thetheatres of Shakespeare's time; for theHistorians of yesterday did just thesame thing about Astley's Amphitheatre.Brayley, 1824; Cunningham, 1850;Timbs, 1867 ; and Haydn, 1878 evendisagree when the first circus was built.One say 1770, others says 1773, ano- ther says 1774. They disagree aboutother and later facts.As the Shakespeare drama and theAstley Circus are never doubted to have been as perfect examples of playand ring as our island has ever seenit is entirely the fault of the insipidor pompous people for whom theywere created that the record ofthem is lost or so inexact. Of lesserthings one would not expect to seerecords.Had they been a serious people theywould without any excess of earnestnesshave recorded all about the buildings,performers and performances. Insteadof leaving it to casual reporters the citywould have seen to it. It is the citywhich is insipid and pompous, not thepublic. The public has only to enjoy;the city has a duty to perform.In Shakespeare's and Astley's casethis duty was not performed. Recordsmight easily have been printed so thatin case of fire some copies would behanded on to other centuries.Whether precise records are kepttoday of all the Dramatic performances1 do not know. The most precise re- cords exist of the Italian Theatre.THE SURREY THEATRE or RoyalCircus, in Blackfriars Road.This was opened in 1782 by MessrsHughes and Dibdin, in Qpposition toAstley. The interior was rebuilt in 1799.It was burnt down in 1805, (Bakersays 1803). Rebuilt by Cabanal junior,the architect, in 1806. Destroyed byfire in 1865 and rebuilt the same year.HALFPENNY HATCH, Neptune Place.Here in 1770 Astley first exhibitedequestrian performances, without a li- cence, before he took the ground onwhich to build his amphitheatre.WESTMINSTER BRIDGE ROAD.In 1788 Apollo Gardens (or Templeof Apollo) were opened opposite theAsylum. They were suppressed about1793. The proprietor was WalterClaggett, once lessee of the Pantheon.In 1792 Fantoccini were being shownhere.In 1835 was the Dramatic Authors'Society's head quarters in this road at9 Griffeths Buildings ? In 1836 wasit at 2 Agnes Place, Waterloo BridgeRoad ? Can any reader inform me onthis point? HERCULES BUILDINGS.In 1793 William Blake removesfrom 28 Poland Street to No. 13Hercules Buildings on the east side,staying there until 1800 (0. He writes" The Tiger" 1793-94. In 1794 0) James William WaJlackis born on August 20th in these Buil- dings; the number uncertain. He wasa son of William Wallack an actor atAstley's Amphitheatre. PLATES 3 E SOUTHWARK.BANKSIDE.It seems that four theatres were inthis bit of ground or very near it. Tobegin to retell why, would take twovolumes. One volume to state whathalf the authorities surmise, and anotherto refute these authoiities and to saywhat, in all probability, may have beenthe precise number of theatres andwhere possibly each one stood. Thebooks I have read on the subject areone clatter from beginning to end; only is Mr. George Hubbard reasonable,because all he has to say he confineswithin forty-four pages (large type) andhelps with a quantity of plans. Plansmay be useless as some writers assert.I prefer them to an overdose of patter.If anyone knew about these buildingsall would be well. He would thenstate in thirty or forty lines what heknew and the Muse of History wouldsmile again. As it is she weeps overthe whole affair.It is said that the following were thefour Theatres and the dates of buil- ding : Rose, 1584: Swan, 1598 ;Globe, 1599: Hope (circa) 1613.I gave three whole days to the searchfor some precise and authoritative state- ment worth hearing; not one emerged.Let us pass on to simpler matters.THE CLINK.A prison and liberty in Southwark.The site is now covered by the railwaylines from Cannon Street Station. Anumber of celebrated beings were allow- ed the captivity of the Clink, among thembeing William Haughton, the dramatist(flourished 1598), and John Duke theplayer, (flourished 1590-1609); helived in Hollywell street.THE LIBERTY OF THE CLINK.Among well-known inhabitants werePhi! jp Henslowe (...?-16i6) the theatremanager, who lived here from 1577till his death. Also, so it is said, Ed- ward Alleyn, the actor, (1566-1626),but this is not certain.ST. SAVIOUR'S.Among those buried in the church are; Edmond Shakespeare " player "(~..— 1607), buried December 31 st1607. 41 Presumably the brother ofWilliam #\ (0Lawrence Fletcher, an actor, (flou- rished 1595 to 1603), buried Septem- ber 12th 1608.Philip Henslowe, the theatre mana- ger, buried in the chancel, January 16th.John Fletcher, dramatist, (1379 to1625), buried in the church, August29th, 1625.Philip Massinger, dramatist, (1583to 1640) was buried in the churchyard,March 18th, 1640. (2) PLATE 3 G &amp; 4 G. ROTHERHITHE.George Lillo (1693-1739), authorof " George Barnwell " and other plays,was a jeweller and lived here in 1735.ROGUES LANE.In Rogue's Lane is St. Helena(Gardens) opened in 1770.... musicand dancing every evening ; it had asmall open air Theatre with boxes andstage by 1775. PLATE4 A RANELAGH.This was a place of public enter- tainment opened April sth 1742.There were several buildings somedesigned by Capon; so says Timbs.William Capon of Drury Lane wasborn 1757. 1 can find no mentionof an earlier Capon.The site was that of the gardens ofa villa of Viscount Ranelagh, at Chel- sea, The principal room, the Rotunda,was, it is said, erected by the architectWilliam Jones, and the word 44 erected "points to his manual labour : thathe designed it is obviously doubtful;his name is not recorded in the OxfordConcise Dictionary of Biography. Theroom was 185 feet in diameter, withan orchestra, tiers of boxes all round,and in the centre a huge coal fire. Thecoup d'oeil, Dr. Johnson declared,44 was the finest thing he had everseen.The aim was to have a place inLondon rather like the Parisians hadin the Foire de St. Germain and theFoire de St. Laurent, CADOGAN PLACE, Sloane Street.The last London residence of Mrs.Jordan, the actress (1762-1816) was,about the year 1812, at No. 3, (in 1850it was No. 30), at that time the thirddoor from Pont-street. Here JohnTaylor dined with her and Mrs.Abingdon. PLATE 4 B LOWER BELGRAVE PLACE.At No. 27 Allan Cunningham thepoet, father of Peter Cunningham F.S. A., author of the 44 Handbook ofLondon (1849) lived from 1824 tohis death in 1842. PLATE 4 C VAUXHALL GARDENS.In 1661 these Gardens went underthe name of The New Spring Gardens.Evelyn visited them July 2nd, 1661.In 1732 Mr Jonathan Tyers reopenedthem after he had altered and improvedthem : Admission I shilling from 1 732 to1792. Music, Theatre, refreshments,fireworks, marionnettes, everything youcould wish for was included, and in1859 all was ended. 1661 to 1859 isno short run. But how some peoplemust have missed it when it was gone. PLATE 4 D LAMBETH.KENNINGTON.A Manor in Lambeth, where ourKings had a palace from a very earlyperiod till the time of Hery VII.Alleyn, the actor, and founder ofGod's Gift College at Dulwich, wasLord of this Manor, buying it in No- vember, 1604, for £1065, and sellingit to Sir Francis Calton in 1609 for£2OOO.NEWINGTON BUTTS.Somewhere here was the Theatre ofthat name in Shakespeare's time. Heretoo is the Elephant and Castle Thea- tre, built in 1872, reconstructed andreopened in 1902.And here the end. c. g. e. (i) Colley Gibber* (i) See " The Mask Vol. XI. No. 4,PP 174-175- (1) See plate 10.(2) See plate 7. (1) Oldys.(2) Cunningham. (i) In 1863 No. 13 becomes No. 63Hercules Road: in 189 c it becomes No. 23. (0 Concise Dictionary of National Bio- graphy, Oxford, says j791 ? Hornblowsays 1795, (1) Sir Edmund Chambers.(2) See " The Mask &gt;\ vol. XI, No. 3.Page 142. Compare the list of the Italianand French actors who were also privi- leged to lie at rest under the roof of StSaviour's in Paris. THE PEOPLE. e. g. c. KABUKI. THE POPULAR STAGE OF JAPANby Zoe Kincaid. Macmillan, RUZZANTE. Alfred MOT tier. J. Peyronnet &amp; Cie.Paris. Francs 35.THE HISTORY OF THE LYRIC THEATRE,HAMMERSMITH. Nigil Playfair. Chatto &amp; Windus./ 6/— net. A feeble Theatre is a danger spot to aNation. A Theatre is strong or weakin as much as each individual masters hisown weaknesses or allows them to spreadlike weeds. At present there are too manytheatrical weeds in all the English Theatres.If this inability to discern between weedsand fine plants is careless of a great nationit is a curious fact that often it is the greatnations which have encouraged the stupiderartistes, rewarded them, flocked to see themand made heroes of them.Thereby making fools of themselves.It is not as though the traditions of the art ofthe Theatre were at all vague unknown.They are very clearly written down, and anynation which disregards them can but blameitself if, through indifference, it is foolish enoughto suppose that a feeble Theatre is a blessing,a strong one a danger.But what of the People and their desirefor a fine Theatre?Have the English People or the FrenchPeople any such desire ? have they a high"standard, and do they grow cross that thishigh standard is today no longer honoured.Well, we, the People, prefer to creditourselves, the People, with the best inten- tions, and we hope things will be all rightin the end, for he's a jolly good fellow any- how, and some of us are better off with thetheatre as it is and we don't want to stir thingsup lest we lose our jolly good old percentage.It's that isn'it it ?And if anyone is to lose anything in theprocess of putting our Theatres to rights, I amsure those of us who have known what it isto lose and go on losing everything these lastthirty years will not be unsympathetic to thosenew to the idea, who are in dread lest bykeeping straighter they might lose thirty piecesof silver.For my part I can hardly conceive of ournew Theatre minus these good sports as we all like to consider them. They have always" done their best brought their " businessacumen " and a " sporting spirit " to the work(so we hear), and since they have " worked "(so they say) I cannot see how the stage oftomorrow can do without them.It's a business like anything else, thismatter of running theatres ; and to attack andblame men because they run the theatres andavoid financial failure, is preposterous; to wishthem even great success is nearer the mark ;but to insist on it all being done with a littlemore style and without a loss of status to thenation is perhaps to hit the bull's eye.When in 1747 the Comte de Clermonta Conde turned his fancy in the springtime of that year to thoughts of the stage, he,being a third-rate nature with a fourth-ratemind, turned them in the wrong direction.Poets, actors, actresses, dancers, gathered roundhim; he built a private theatre; and aftersome eight years built another; and Cardi- nals, Princes and tout 'Paris said the thingwas marvellous, the poets divine, the actorsand actresses superb, and the dancers ad- mirable. They were just the very worst ima- ginable ; but all was decked out very hand- somely and the whole thing some how filledthe bill. They all played up to the Princewho played down to them. Lanjon, thedivine Lanjon was he not the poet-director:Mile. Le Due, the superb Le Due, wasshe not the actress also " vaguement danseuse/&gt; / »» %opera ?Then came the Revolution.* * it * *THE able men who succeed with the The- atre in England and France seem unableto do this except at the expense of their na- tions. The able men of the Theatre are al- ways heard asking " What is to be done? Ifa People wants tosh, loves sickly sentiment,adores risky plays, flocks to feeble operettaand clamours for concubines, shall we notsupply them ? "This is considered a very sensibile wayof looking at the matter, but is, as a matterof fact, the very worst.I won't deny that able men do ask andreply in these words. It surprises me to seehow willing they are to play to a crowdof flashy people : a People always is ready toplay up : and I deny that the People of England and France are the fatuous idiots that ourable theatrical managers take us to be.If in other lands we find the People iden- tical in most things with the People of Franceand England, if we go round the world anddiscover that elsewhere they have noble lawsand upright lawyers, that their religions arebased on practical and spiritual principles,their courts or Republics filled with honou- rable and spirited men, their press incorrup- tible and good-natured, their drainage ad- mirable, their systems for control of traffic,shipping, customs house, hospitals, lighting,heating, coal or gas or electric supplies func- tioning, railways excellent; in fact if wefind abroad the same perfection which wefind in England and France, how is it thatwe cannot expect the same perfection in ourtheatres : why should our theatres be one ofthe few loose bolts in an otherwise perfectlyrivetted vessel ?And suppose there is not all this perfec- tion at home or anywhere else ?... let ussuppose it for a moment. Why should wenot make perfect those things which are per- fect abroad since examples are ready to hand,and all we have to do is to adopt the prin- ciples which led to those perfections ?" Easy enough to talk and write about "you will say, " but difficult to achieve ".But a reason you never give.You put it all down to the fault of thePeople that is to say, to all our faults,for we are the People all of us. WeJudges, high and low ; Priests, high and low;we Politicians, 'Statesmen, Jockeys, Organ- grinders and Policemen, Cooks and Coun- tesses, Writers and Bailiffs, Butchers andPainters, Actors and Journalists : we, allof us, are the People.And you seriously ask us to admit thatwe prefer a dull and mechanical theatre suchas we have today to one where all the gayest,freshest principles of Theatrical art flourish?It is preposterous. And it must come to anend, this modern Theatrical system : we mustreally rouse up and mend.Miss Zoe Kincaid in her book on theKabuki or Popular Stage of Japan sets be- fore us more completely than is usual in suchbooks, all that we need to know of a superblyorganized theatre; and by organization I donot merely refer to the business part of theachievement. Since we have gone a little into that matter above, let us now go a little intothe matter of the Art of the Theatre.... a lit- tle can surely offend no one.It is that which we must organize , setin working order; but before we might aswell enquire what it is—what stuff, whatmaterial, what elements we have to work in.1 have touched on this matter in severalbooks which you may or may not have doneme the honour to read; and so I will notoverflow those banks. Let us go on.You will find in Miss Kincaid's bookthat what I J:old you in my books was true.That certain things are important to our stage;other things, those which we nurse and pro- tect, a drag on it, and, it would seem, fatal.The Japanese Stage has always had veryremarkable actors (2. It has also had a veryremarkable Doll Theatre.Because the Theatrical Nobob of todayconsiders a Doll a baby's victim, a si lly oldthing of rag or wax, it does not follow thatsound men and women in other lands are notto look on a Doll as something with possi- bilities for the Theatre. In Japan they didand still do.A mad idea, what? and quite exaggera- ted: you think so, I am sure.. Well, get this book and read how itcame about that for eighty years the DollTheatre dominated the Stage of Japan andfor the time put all actors in the shade andenlisted the greatest dramatist Japan has knownin its service. For this puppet stage Chika- masu, . the Shakespeare of Japan, wrote hisplays. Impossible, you say. Preposterous,you declare. If you will read you will dis- cover it an ordinary fact.But the Doll Theatre did not act ungene- rously in its victory, for it inspired the actorswho in future based their style upon that ofthe Puppets. The actors then slowly beganto regain their power; this they seem to haveabused, and in 1802 the Puppet theatredwindled and almost disappeared after havingallowed the actors to derive their whole styleand all their ideas from it. Today the Puppets are recovering someof their lost strength and thrive at Osaka.But we will not linger to talk of greatachievements such as Chikamasu and hispuppets: let us however stop for half a momentto consider whether the ordinary Theatre ofJapan the Kabuki could hold some- thing for us which we do not reckon withwhen reorganizing our French and EnglishTheatres. Something not all (l).Masks are not used in the . Theseare preserved for the No, which you haveread all about since you are sure to havebought Arthur Waley's book published byKnopf in 1922. So masks need not irritateyou. But for the life of me 1 must not dis- close what is used, for I am perfectly certainyou would be irritated by the entire list. Youare, we are, in a state of irritation, and un- less things today are precisely as stupid asour stupidity demands, we shall protest, spit,curse, throw " The Mask " in the fire ornot even buy " The MaskIf " The Mask " says or reports from Japan,China, India, Italy or Spain anything notabsolutely traditionally hide-bound and dullas a narrow mind wants it, people will say" The Mask " talks rubbish and will squeak" fiddlesticksThe dull narrow mind tolerates Mr. Play- fair and his excellent attempts to compromise,first because Mr. Playfair does it all at sucha little expense that he can't be driven away,and secondly because he is of such an obsti- nate little nature, and third and lastly becausehe is kindly towards amateurism. There isthat to fear and you know it, and Mr. Playfairknows it and plays it for all he is worth.He in his smaller way does just whatNapoleon refused to do in a greater wayi helets loose the amateur just as Napoleon refusedto let the mob loose. Napoleon knew thatthe mob would rally to him for a short time;but he also, knew how despicable was thatsame mob: Playfair probably does not believethat the Amateur has hidden forces behindhis sheep-like countenance, and of course hemay be right.Judging from Mr. Playfair's book, " TheHistory of the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith ",the Amateur rather likes his freedom. It is better than most Annals for it isshort—five years and one hundred and sixty- five days, inclusive of Sundays, is the epochcovered by this " History ".It adopts some of the faults of other such" Theatrical Histories ": it especially ducksto that fault of quoting letters from men andwomen to say how good they found Mr.Playfair's work, and criticism from paperssaying how bad they found it.All that part of the " History" mighthave well been omitted by Mr. Playfair andreserved for some little pamphlet to be usedas propaganda. It spoils the handsome volumewhich Messrs. Chatto &amp; Windus have produ- ced with their usual care.It is clear from the text of this volumethat Mr. Playfair is doubtful as to whetherthe entire public is with him. TheI should say.But one thing is perfectly evident allsthrough: it is that the little manager is con- vinced in his bones that the People of Eng- land does not care for things to be too excel- lent. As I have said, I am one who holds- that they want many things to be first class,,whereas second class and third class stuffthey'll take if cheap enough, gettable by anot-too-long train trip, and if served up in apseudo-artistic manner.It's a pity they will take these second andthird class goods but what would you ?Who wants to see the purveyors of them star- ving in Strand or Hammersmith? Who wantseven to see them fail; the more success theycan squeeze out of things the less trouble allround. I meant that's the theory, isn't it ? Isit a very practical one? for the purveyors verybut on the old Nation it's 'ard, werry 'ard.Mr. Playfair goes into a few details as tohow much some of his supporters made outof the " Beggar's Opera One of them,Miss Wilson, who prepared some charmingdances, put in £ 2000 (only £ 500 wasactually put down), and reaped a profit of£ 17,000. Why he tells us this, I, for thelife of me, cannot guess. What does it matter?I wonder how long £ 17,000 would taketo collect in Japan on the strength of anyJapanese play known to man.it seems that the People are very gene- rous all over the earth; —for something goodthey will pay—if not too high a price—; butwhen they pay for something middleclass they get something queer thrown in with the tic- kets : when they pay for something verysplendid they get another sort of thing thrownin extra. The first thing is a certain com- monness ; the second is something distin- guished.As with books, music, pictures, so withTheatricals: all these things are very cunningin their influence on the People. Journalismtoo. And as each man produces the best hecan, we must try and tell ourselves that thisis what Mr. Play fair has done, and perhapswe may in time have to admit that this reallyis what the English People called for in thetwentieth century.That it is less than the Italian People de- manded in the sixteenth century, M. AlfredMortier makes quite clear to us in his admi- rable, very scholarly work, Ruzzante.As with Kabukuthe drama initiated byRuzzante was the Popular Drama, and wasoriginally the invention of actors. Some- times known as Angelo Beolco, sometimesas Ruzzante, this Paduan was born in 1502and died in 1542, thereby preceding theJapanese popular drama (l) by about sixty-sixyears.Unless talk of the Lyric Theatre, Ham- mersmith, has driven it out of your mind,you will remember that Shakespeare was•also an actor; at least so they say.There is no doubt about Ruzzante, whose•comedies surpassed those of Plautus, andwhose acting was better than that of Roscius.How this last fact is known (but it is)•no -one has been able to say. They say,too, that it was Ruzzante who was the firstto introduce masked characters on to theItalian stage. In 1530 he was giving sixprose comedies in five acts in which theactors all spoke different dialects; one Pa- duan, one Venetian, another Florentine, andthe rest Bergamesque, Bolognese, and Greekmixed with Italian: which serves as somekind of evidence that the People to whomthese actors played were not a single groupbut were actually the People.Instead of preparing a local titbit to flatterthe Paduans, instead of running a single play34,567 nights in succession,... a truly bril- liant feat reserved for duller people to achieve..« Ruzzante and his comrades seem to have donetheir best to provide endless plays and tosupply the whole nation with them, travellinground Italy to serve them. As our Englishprovincial players often did and do still moretoday. Mr. St. John Ervine is not wrongwhen he said that some hope for the En- glish stage lies in the provinces.He said so; whether he still soand is doing anything in the matter, heavenonly knows; a short while back he was sayingthat the Old Vic was the same ' some hope \In Italy actors were all over the place,not huddled in towns, not flocking to theagents to look for a job, not striking for aminimum wage and not being extravagantlypaid for the exhibiting of inferior talent.What they found pleased, was the humanityof the simpler People, the rustics. They didnot represent all rustics as oafs: they felt allthat Shakespeare felt when he wrote the fo- rest scenes of "As You Like it ", and thisthey would interpret as they sang madrigalsand other songs, enchanting the Academiciansor the Princes at a Banquet or on a stage.Our notion was not theirs nor Japan's,for our People do not demand (so it wouldseem) as much from our actors as did Italyand Japan. Our People know better than toask for water of an empty brook; in fact ourPeople are extremely gracious and obliging,it being misrepresented to them that there isnothing doing.It is a sign of the times that one of ourleading dramatists is a dramatic critic andone of our managers has to write the Historyof his own Playhouse.In an age rich in talent, Ervine, being adramatist, would be spared the critical task,and Playfair would have found plenty of his- torians to advise him not to make any recordpublic for at least another twenty years.Summed up, then, these three books of threelands give us a good idea of what is whatin the Theatre. The first, " Kabuki ", givesus a thrill, the second, " Ruzzante ", givesus pause, and the third from Hammersmithgives us away. (1) By we I do not mean you, dear reader. You aretoo weak to do anything and to attempt and not to succeedis what too many braves are doing today in Paris arid Lon- don and Kew York. By we I mean We the Nation,(2) " We are never ashamed of being caught gazing atPunch n wrote Albert Smith.tl Mr Windham, when one of the Secretaries of State,on his way from Downing Street to the House of Commons,was seen to stop and enjoy the whimsicalities of Punch wroteJohn Timbs, F. S. A. The italics are ours. Ed. (i) The Russian Theatre you so much admire, may it notderive from the far East? Why derive from a copy whynot from an original, if you can't create ? (i) Their No drama, an almost Greek thing without theGreek horror, had existed fronGthe middle of the fourteenthcentury. ADAVOYLE. MODANE. DOGANA. MAY 10. 1926. BY WILLIAM McDOUGAL. I was living so near what I supposed to bethe hub of things, that I came to be unableto tell whether or no this war, now ended, hadmade the earth a place to live in happily,and to let others live as happily whichmeans, possibly, safe for democracy.Had I been a bit further off 1 might havebeen able to see this clearer and quicker.But then i was not permitted to go further 0ff....lest I should fare worse or fare well. Peoplejust wouldn't let me; they said " you mustn't,oh you can't", which made me often feelfifteen years old and helpless.Yet 1 am of age. I have been of agethese fourteen years. I am not quite stupid except* in parts I know one or two things;but what I do not know when I hear thesemustn'ts would seem to be the things worthknowing ; and 1 can get no satisfactory answersabout these things.This one for example: is the earth nowa place to live in and to let live and may1 go and see it or mustn't I? From what Ihear 1 mustn't: so 1 have just done it. 1 haveescaped to Paris and am on the way South.I want to go in the direction of Persia but Iam again told 1 must go home and work formy country. But then I know 1 mustn't do thatbecause my sole reason for taking a fancyto see Persia is .that when I am at home 1get no work to do. I have been there eightworking years and my kind of work is of nouse to anyone. I find I cannot pay for the rentof a small house and at the same time haveanything over to pay for my wife's yearlydress or my own yearly suit, and the childrenare growing taller year by year.what to do? 1 am not a genius: I donot possess great intellect. My work lies inthe Theatre. 1 am not at all lazy: I enjoy mywork: 1 have a bit of talent: kind friends saya good deal: unkind ones say 1 am the grea- test bit of talent on earth: unkinder ones evencall me " master " down in my little town.I would say of myself that 1 am quite a usefulartist, able to do most things which have to bedone in a theatre, and able to do these adequately. I wanted to work in London,but now 1 want to see Persia; because Idon't want to be doing nothing, and to stayin London would mean having nothing to do.Before 1 got to London 1 lived in Edin- burgh. One day, after for eight or nine weeksweighing my words, I said " 1 want to go toLondon ". 1 was told I mustn't. 1 had cometo Edinburgh from Paisley where 1 was born.The day before I left Paisley I was told 1mustn't go to Edinburgh. So you see that allalong the road from my little house in Kil- liecrankie Street to London 1 have been toldI mustn't go anywhere but must stay where 1 am.And I begin to think there must be somesense in this general persuasion towards loca- lism. If 1 had stayed at home in Paisley Icould have still read all the books and newspa- pers and gone to the theatre, and played golfand been as happy as 1 am now. Probablyso. 1 should have read all about Mr Barriein Thrums, for he too would have stayed inThi urns and never have become Sir James:I could have read his books too: Peter Panwould never have been written, but other plays,of his would have been sent off in manuscriptto Paisley and put on the stage there (pos- sibly by me) for the Paisleyites. Barrieismsmight even have seemed to us a bit foreign;we would have probably felt that our theatre,should only echo Paisleyisms to be successful-Then 1 should have been able to see repro- ductions of the works of Pryde, the greatScotch painter, who had remained in his na- tive city of Edinburgh. There would havebeen something a little overwhelming to usin his work on reaching Paisley because weshould have found it strange and Foreign.Edinburgh Castle and Arthur's Seat wouldhave meant so little to us, they would haveseemed so beneath our notice in Paisley. Stillhe would of course have painted other subjects;the gloom of Prince's Street on Sunday after- noon painted by him would probably havetouched a responsive chord in our hearts.We should have felt that anyhow, far awayover the mountains, there lived others like us,if not of us and the Scotch mist there andhere would have united us but of coursedistantly.Walton too: he would have been somewherein the Highlands: and Bain who went to Ceylon,isn't he a Scotsman: well, he'd not have beenallowed to go to Ceylon: nor Dr. John Bulloch to Tallis Street. We should all have beennow in our " old Scotland " presumably em- ployed. Why did we all go ? why did someonly reach London and stick there (utter fo- reigners by the way): how did 1 get to Mo- dane and Bain reach Ceylon ?We Scots are not the only foreigners inLondon. What is Augustus John doing sofar from his home in Wales? What is Orpendoing?... he should by rights be hard at workin his own Ballyhocky or wherever he reallycomes from. Where is George Moore? Hewas in America. Why? and in London ioo.And Hall Caine, whose home is the Isle ofMan.... he lived in London and then atSt Moritz. 1 daresay, that if I had the talent(and a copy of ' Who's Who'), I could dis- cover that some half million men of geniusor talent had left home, left their villages or &lt;cities and wandered up to London, then toParis, then to Italy, then to Turkey and tothe East or into A.merica.But the fact that there was no work forthese men to do at home is not the onlyreason, and not the main reason, for theirleaving their villages and travelling afar. Thereis another reason today. Steam and Electricityhave been discovered. I announce this as thoughI, being in Modane and hearing the screamsof 130 trains, was the only one to know of it.But others know this too. Even Londonersknow it. Yet the fact is forgotten by themwhen wondering how it is that Bain is inColombo and Beerbohm in Rapallo. Beerbohmshould of course by rights be in the littlevillage of Hoop-my-zoom near Rotterdam; buthe once sent a telegram and then he took atrain, and after this, enjoying modern inventionsas do few others, he began to look for apleasant place to dwell in where he couldlive and let live. But it seems he mustn't orshouldn't. If this be so, then Barrie should notbe in London; Pinero should be returnedto San Alcazor in Spain; Grein to Emmerichand I to Paisley.In fact only ambassadors should be allowedout of the villages, and these only when sentout. Any suggestion on their part, any wirypulling by their wives to get themselves toParis or Constantinople or Roma, ought notto be permitted.It being at last recognized that the train,the telegraph, the steamship and the othermodern inventions have urged us and made it possible for us to leave all our native heaths,we now come to a second point. Which is,How far may you wander and how far not?Comic papers like Punc would of courseprohibit anyone going further than a joke willcarry. It might any day make another subtleand very funny allusion to Adavoyle stationon the Great Northern (as it did recently)which would be utterly lost on anyone so faroff as Shanklin or Alderney. That would bedisastrous: so from Punch's point- of view(always young and jolly) every Englishmanmust be somewhere within call of Adavoyle.Unfortunately I have to admit that I don'tknow where that pretty place is, and therewe have it in a nutshell. A joke lost amiss-fire among us and all for not being onthe spot .... being out of touch. far&lt;may you or mayn't you go seems to be de- cided. You mustn't go beyond the endsof the village. PUNCHER. f. m. f. WITH so many bright people governingthe nations so well, and the Bourse,and the theatres and the Wembley Exhibi- tions, one can live and enjoy this admirablelife calmly enough ....provided one lives inthe right spot.I am just now settled in Majorca oneof the prettiest of islands.Here, if one is lucky, an occasional cometwill flash into sight; such a star came in lastweek. Puncher, his name: Puncher Primrosein full. Self-made : 300.000 Hollars a yearincome. He began to send out sparks rightaway." Say, buddy ", he cried, " but this isgreat just to stand here and shake you bythe hand ".Then, before one could even think ofwhat to say, he dashes to the bookshelf." Why think o' that " says he, drawing outa book with the action of Uriah Heep turnedinto a little cow-boy; " Look-a-here, Fran- coises " says he, " I bought a copy of thisbook of his (it was X. Y. Z's book) in New York. Fie says in it that he is sceptical as towhether fourteen people will ever read it. WhyFrancoises, you kid, I my copy to overforty of 4em and every jabber-feller lovedthe darn stuff ....one of 4em cried over it....yes, cried, FrancoisesHe looks at me, and I hardly know whe- ther to cry or laugh.44 I've got the book at home" says he,44 and this next year I mean to lend it tofifty-two more of 4em ....one a week ".He had to go after two or three hours andI didn't urge him to stay. As I closed thedoor on him (for good and all, I said), Irealized that I was lucky to live where Ilive, because, were I in my old house atNoisy-le Sec, more such Primroses might cropup at any moment. So I turned on two ex- tra electric lights and felt better, and evensat ruminating on what he'd said.He had practically admitted that he, therich lolly-boy from the States, had not beengenerous enough to buy other copies of myfriend's book for his friends had not urgedthem to buy copies, but hadvented that by lending round his single copy.He had cheated my friend X. Y. Z. and hispublishers out of &lt;£ 40. 0. 0 and was off backhome to cheat them of another 52. 0. 0within the next twelve months.Oh you Primrose!I read some years ago in 44 The Mask " ofan actor having bought a copy of that maga- zine and the whole theatre asking for theloan of his copy. 44 After you've done withit" was, if I remember aright, the title ofthe article.I should like to lend Puncher Primroseround to every member of the Society ofAuthors. There would be, I feel, very littlePrimrose left after they had done with him. OPERA REGISTER.FROM 1712 TO 1734.BY (FRANCIS COLMAN) THEFATHER OF GEORGE COLMAN.(THE ELDER) BRITISH CONSOLAT LEGHORN. THE OLD OPERA HOUSE, HAYMARKET, 1790.From an unpublished drawing in the British Museum stated to be by C. Tompkins and drawn in 1802. Plate 10. THE Register seems not to have been published, andhas lain undisturbed in ttwo centuries.The compiler of it was passionately fond of Opera.The strange thing is that while Francis Colman died in1733 the Register goes on to 1734.We shall publish the entire MS in the next fewnumbers of "The Mask printing it as it is Written,faults and all. Editor. rT,HE Stage &amp; Scenes at ye Opera Thea-I tie In ye Haymarket, having been altered&amp; emended during ye vacant Season, Theyopen'd ye House Novr ye 26th (I) 1712 witha New Pastorall Opera calledThe Faithful 1 Shepherdye musick composed by Mr Hendel.ye parts performed by following Singers.Signor Cav. Valeriano Pellegrini, ye firsttime of his performing on this Stage.Signor Valentino Urbani. '2) returned againfrom Italy.Signora Pilotta Schiavonetti. (3)Signora Margarita Del'Epine.{4)Mrs Barbier.Mr Loveridge.all sung in Italian.This was not by Subscription, but at yeusuall Opera Prices of Boxes 8s Pit 5s Gal- lery 2s. 6d.The Scene represented only ye Countryof Arcadia.ye Habits were old.—ye Opera Short.Nov. 29th Saturday, ye same perform*dagain:Dec. 3 Wensday. DoDo 6 Satr Do.Dec. 10th Wensday was performed anew Pastorall Opera called.Dorinda.The Musick of this is taken out of Se- veral! Italian Operas by Nic° Haym In this Signora Margarita had no part,other Singers ye Same as in ye former,ye Same Scene &amp; Habits also &amp; yene prices. &amp; was performed 4 times onOpera dayes snccessively.Dec. 27th ye Faithfull Shepherd perfor- d again.31 Dorinda.Janry 3 Do.neither of these two Opera's produced full&gt;uses. Mr O. Swiny ye Manager of yeieatre was now setting out a New Opera,sroick. all ye Habits new &amp; richer thanformer with 4 New Scenes, &amp; other De- ations &amp; Machines. Ye Tragick Operais calledTheseus.Ye Musick composed by Mr Hendel.aestro di Capella di S. A. E. D'Hannover.The Singers,il Sig.r Valentino.la Sig.ra Margarita, ed la Sua Sorella.il Sig.r Valeriano.la Sig.ra Pilotta.Mrs Barbier.ye Opera being thus prepared Mr Swiny&gt;uld have got a Subscription for Six times,t could not.—he then did give out Ticketshalf a Guinea each, for Two Nights ye&gt;xes lay'd open to ye Pit. ye House was very1 these two Nights.Janry (1): 1 Oth Saturday. Theseus ye firsttime 7* Gui.14. Wensday Do ye 2nd V 8 aGuin—after these Two Nights Mr Swiny Brakesruns away &amp; leaves ye Singers unpaidScenes &amp; Habits also unpaid for. Thengers were in Some confusion but at lastncluded to go on with ye operas on theirm accounts, &amp; divide ye Gain amongstsm.Janry 17th. Sat: They perform'd ye Operaleseus at ye usuall Opera prices.Janry ye 21th. 24th &amp; 28th ye Sameain.ye House was better filled at this thanye former Two Opera's, having perform'dnow Six times Successively—for variety onnry 31. Sat they perform'd Dorinda.:b. 4. Wens. Theseus again 7. Sat. Dorinda11. Wens. Theseus14. Sat. Theseus againLent. 17. Tuesday Ditto21. Saturday. The Faithfull Shepherd.The Singers wth much difficulty got aSubscription for a New Opera calledErnelinda.Monr John James Heidegger, managedboth this &amp; ye former Opera for ye Singers&amp; ye Subscription was for Six Nights paying10 Guin for 3 Tickets each Night, they notto give out above 400 Tickts a Night.The Singers were Sigr Valentino: laSigra Margarita, la Sigra Pilotta: Mrs Bar- bier: Sigr Valeriano :la Sigra Vittoria Al- bergotti(2) newly arrived &amp;ye first time of herSinging on this Stage—she is a Romana.This Opera was first perform'd onFebry. 26th Thursday Ist Ernelinda28th Saturday 2d DoMarch. 3 Tuesday 3d Do7 Satr 4th Do10 Tuesday sth Do14 Sat 6th Do &amp; last night ofye Subscription.The House was very full all these Nights.ye D. D'Aumont ye Fr. Ambassador wasevery night at Ernelinda during ye Subscription.March 17th Tuesday. Theseus.21 Satr Dorinda, wth ye Addi- tion of a Serenata of 8 Airscomposed by Sigra Albinoni.24 they gave out in ye printedBills that they would reviveye Opera Rinaldo, but bysome accident it was put off,&amp; no Opera perform'd thisday.28th Sat: Ernelinda, for ye Benefitof Sigra Pilotta, ye part ofSigr Valeriano, was perform'dby Sigr Pietro Guacini, newlyarriv'd from Italy, ye Pit &amp;Boxes open'd together a 7aGuin a Ticket, ye Housewas very full this night.April 4th this being Passion week noOpera was perform'd.11 th Sat. Ernelinda for ye Benefitof Sigr Valentino, in ye same manner as on ye 28th past:only Sigr Valeriano perform'dhis own part.15th Wensday. Theseus, was de- sign'd to be perform'd, butfinding they could not getCompany sufficient, it wasput off untill the18th Saty Theseus was perform'dtho a thin House.25 Apr. Saty for ye Benefit of SigraMargarita, was perform'd yeTwo first Acts of Dorinda.with ye Addition of ye fol- lowing Acts out of SeverallOperas.I Con vezzo lusinghiero, fromc. I-,., „ ) ye Opera of Hamletbigra rilotta \ d • l i j r t5 f rna che la doglia, rro yeI Opera of Hercules.I Del Fallo su'l camin. from/&gt; • ir i » ) Clotilda.oigr Valentino &lt; to, • a • j-i ..5 I 1 i otrmgo, o mio duettov from, I E vano ogni pensiero. from1 Amore m' infiamma col\lampo d'un sguardo froSigra Margarita \ Camilla.I Love wou 'd invade mef from ye Opera of Tho- \ myris.[ Di se senti, su'l bel Volto.r» i . ) from Antioco.is. ai icr \ ume ajaj-0&gt; Arcier ben- v dato from Hercules.( Solo pieta vi chiede, 1' inna-Sigra Mannina I mora to Cor. from Etearcus.( Di luci adorno.Concluding with ye Chorusof Clotilda.May ye 2d Ernelinda for ye Benefit ofSigr Valeriano.9 Rinaldo was revived for Mrs Bar- bier's Benefit. She perform'dye part of Rinaldo.15 Theseus for ye Benefit of MrHendel ye Composer.Here ended ye Operas for this season.17 13. (1) Grove's Dictionary says Nov. 21. Ed,(2) He sang the part of Silvio. Ed.(3) I cannot trace her* Ed.(4) Grove says " the first italian who sang in Englandie, in 1692. She married Dr, Pepuseh and died in Englandin 1746. Ed.(5) As " Egeo Ed. (1) 1713. (Ed.) (1) Valeriano received £ 650 for the season. (Ed.)(2) Can find no trace of lier. (Ed.) REALLY, NOTHING REAL. AT 4 o'clock. we w (l) inorder to give him an account of ourlt visits to Bressant (2) and Delaunay, (3)"He manifested, on hearing of what took" place, great indignation, his voice, usuallyso unctuous, trembled tviih anger.What! do you mean to tell me that" Delaunay said.... but I had arranged his" holiday, so as to have him backmiddle of September on purpose." ' Mark y°il this* Nothing in the thea- " trical World is real. The attempt to -" ceive is itself false ' ".De Goncourt on Edouard Thierry, 1565.AND M. Edouard Thierry ought to knowsince he was administrator of the Fran- caise for twelve years.I mmmmmmmwmmnmMwmfmwMMwm—* ruirn mr~ 11 11111 inr TrrwM~nrirrnnniiirriWMmTnTWTmnmim 11 iwininfininnwiiiy ibi w biim 11 m■ i wUNDER the headline " What is right withthe Theatre" Mr. Arthur Bourchier" the celebrated Actor-Manager" releasedinto a London Journal, begins cheerfully;but before he has completed his first twenty- one short lines he is found telling us whatis Wrong with the theatre.If there is one silly pose in the Theatreworld sillier than all the rest, it is when theactor or manager pretends that there is no- thing wrong with the Theatre. The nextin order of silliness is that pretence that healone can find the true fault —if any: andthe third stupidity is that he pretends that heis so prejudiced against this one very littlefault. £ s. d.MOST actors and managers object upon asound basis of commonsense. Whilethey say " this is bad for "we see clearlymi « •that what they arre trying to say is " This isbad for businesThen why not say it?* Mr. Bourchier is like most other actors ormanagers.Mr. Bourchier says : " 1 submit that when our art is made anadjunct of the Stock Exchange both thepublic and the art are going to suffer " ;which sounds noble but is typically Bettym. Martin.What he is trying to say is that it's badfor business not Sir Martin Harvey's busi- ness not Sir Gerald Du Maurier's business,but Arthur Bourchier's business.Mr. Bourchier objects to monied men run- , ning theatres.i Lord Rothermere who ran ' Polly ", back- ed it with his legion of papers and lostthousands trying to make it a success, is de- lighted to open his columns to Mr. Bourchier.Mr. Bourchier immediately slams the door inpoor Lord Rothermere's face.Considering that a journal is every bit asdifficult to run as a Theatre, it seems a bitunsympathetic of our Bourchier " the cele- brated Actor-Manager". But all is buti ' seems in that world: remember whatTnierry said, Lord Rothermere, and don't* go near theatres until things wake up andbecome a bit more real. (1) Eduard Thierry (1813-1894), Administrator of the Co- rn edie Francaise from 1859 1871: his days were spent inhaving to hear the complaints, arrange the differences, andprovide for the wilful absence of all the actors and actressesof that troupe,(2) Bressant, actor; (1815-1804).(3) Delauay, actor; (1826-1903).(4) These actors had behaved to the De Goncourts in aninsufferable manner about playing or not playing in the bro- thers' new piece. Ed. THE CHANCESFOR AND AGAINSTGOOD THEATRES IN PROVINCIAL CENTRESIN ENGLAND, WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THEMADDERMARKET THEATRE OF NORWICH. J had often heard of Nugent Monck as beingan extremely able man in theatrical things.I had heard this from dramatists who are al- ways to be relied on to recognize those whohave helped them. It appears that Monckhelped his dramatist, and of course the fact isa feather in the cap of any stage director.And so I wanted to discover more abouthim. I found it extraordinarily difficult. Onecannot always get away for a trip to Nor- wich where his Maddermarket Theatre isplanted ; and besides, there is danger in one'sown impressionsBy that I mean that one may have toolow a standard of theatrical work and comeback raving to the skies over wonderful Mr.Monck ; or one may have rather too exalteda standard and be bitterly disappointed.y - T|U I* this danger I saw could be avoided if Icould obtain impressions from those who hadbeen to see the Norwich performances andfrom those who had worked in the Theatre,and from some true East Anglians. TwoEast Anglians I asked were very satisfiedwith what Mr. Monck had achieved and wereentirely for the Maddermarket. On the strengthof this I was about to solicit a testimonial onbehalf of this playhouse from the church ofNorwich, but pulled up sharp when 1 heardthat the good pastor, vicar, or bishop of Nor- wich, which ever he may be, was " indif- ferent ; I wondered then what to think. Ieven wondered what was wrong with myfeelings that they should be so hurt—as hurtthey were. East Anglians and their spiritualpastor and master should be in harmony, Ithought, and that harmony should link themto Shakespeare, and that again should bringthem together in their special theatre whichis so entirely devoted to Shakespeare.So I puzzled what sort of place this couldbe—it is 1926, of that I am sure whereits great spiritual leader, the pastor fido ofthe flocK, was indifferent to such an honestand such an intelligent wish to exert everyeffort to achieve a good playhouse, to playgood plays, to the bettering of the good spi- rits of old Norwich. npHERE is a very sweet and, to my mind,X perfect, elderly lady living near Norwich.I will not snapshot her and put her publiclybefore you because she is far too beautifulfor us to spoil;—but since snapshots are madeof every famous man and woman today (andshe is assuredly one of the famous ladies ofEngland) I may be excused for making asketch of her in my own way—not for a feeand not for publicity's sake, but solely for thesake of the artists and their little Theatre inNorwich.This lady has the heart of a saint in theperson of a Jenny Lind. She seems to besinging as she talks, and what she says, eventhough it be only what is writ down for herto say in the " libretto " of a charming life,seems to pervade the room, park or Theatrewhere she alights (for there is something ofTaglioni as well as Jenny Lind in her), andto spread goodness.By that 1 mean downright Christian good- ness of the sweetest, most old-fashioned kind.Even sour-faced scandal mongers, whenblessed for two minutes by being near her,lose twenty of their wrinkles and cease theirvillainous chatter for twenty seconds after- wards. What a miracle.Ordinary actors who are favoured with atwo minutes audience (and really there is some- thing queen-like about this lady) become likeordinary beings and forget the artificiality of theprofession in the presence of this irrisistiblelittle piece of truth.And this lady had visited the Maddermar- ket Theatre.On hearing that 1 said to myself " Thegood fairies will now recognize the spot—some will for ever haunt it ".When I was in her presence she spokeof the little playhouse with pleasure.1 was only once in Norwich.... I regretto say that I am ignorant whether it possessa Cathedral or merely a large church or two;so 1 am equally ignorant what the title ofthe head of the Norwich church may be.1 am ignorant but not at all indifferent aboutthis. May 1 advance this as my apology fortaking the liberty of asking whether the churchof Norwich makes our little Maddermarketpeople happy.1 do not know the faults of the Madder- market, but I can see one or two virtues;and these are the cardinal virtues :—loyalty of the workers to their leader, the aim to dogood things, the labouring incessantly, theconstant striving under a tireless director notat all eager for gain or for an exaggeratedpersonal success.These virtues seem to me, it I rememberaright, to be the very ones- held up by theChristian church as great virtues. What en- couragement then does the Church of Nor- wich give to its Theatre? 1 haven't the fain- test knowledge, but, as 1 say, I have heardthat ' indifference ' towards the plucky littlegroup is the only recognition the church hasso far been pleased to give.Now it seems to me that if this is true, ifthe place where love for fellow-man is sup- posed to blossom all the year round, is unableto do more than offer grudged indifference,then even though the most ideal theatres inthe provinces of England should play theirparts perfectly, it would be of no avail ifChristianity is unkind. Especially true is thisof England.For there are certain centres where Thea- tres are trying to provide happiness for thehardworking inhabitants, and indifference oughtnot to be the dull note struck by any leaderof even the most heavenly choir.1 have thought it could do no harm totouch on this matter of the attitude of churchtowards these theatres which have an aim sofar from the commercial one, because perhapsthis fact is not fully appreciated.Now to turn to some consideration of theTheatre, its director, its methods and its re- pertory. (To be con DORSET GARDENSTHEATRE. 1671-1720.DESIGNED BY SIR CHRISTOPHER WREN. SOMETIMES CALLED THE DUKE'S PLAYHOUSE.Portion of Strype's Plan of the Ward of Farringdon Without.London, in 1720, when the Dorset Gardens Theatre. openedin 1671, was still standing. (i) THIS was the position of that famous new playhousewhich the Duke's Servants opened in 1671, theyear of their leaving the Lincoln's Inn Theatre.®J I wonder whether our agitators in London everstop in the midst of one of their agitations to considerthat we actors didn't mind in the very least being calledServants, and that we're not sure that we *ve gained any- thing by being knighted. We *d have preferred to havebeen born Dukes, but, not being able to arrange that, wethought it best not to sink to the level of door mats so we jolly well followed the Duke.... positively withoutone cringe. And we are an agitated set of beings too that's the odd thing : we have to be its's part and parcelof our calling ; but it really didn't harm us to be calledservants. Some may recall the phrase so often employedby Irving towards the Public; " Your affectionate andloving servant": it's so deucedly useful to us to havesome one we can serve.It gives everything a certain zest. And then to escapehaving ninety nine masters by having one what anescape. It's a risk, of course, but it's not ninety nine risks.To serve some one who made obvious errors now andagain that was a good deal in those days - in 1671 :But we have advanced beyond that —* we are free at last.HOW AWFUL. (i) See 14 The Mask n. Vol. XII, No. 2, Page 62. THE MASKA REVIEW FROM THE WEEKLYMANCHESTER GUARDIANAPRIL 16th, 1926. REPRINTED BY KIND PERMISSION. " HfHE MASK " has taken to reproducing old plans ofA London, Paris, Rome, and the April number has eightplates (eight more will follow in the July number) of avery interesting plan of London by R. Horwood (1792-1799), The editor forestalls the inquisitive reader whomight think that " The Mask " is becoming an archaeolo- gical magazine by explaining that the cities. have had agreat influence upon the theatres and those connectedwith them ; doubtless the converse is equally true. " TheMask " is nothing if not historical, and its object is tomake history live. Mr. Gordon Craig has got togetheran astonishing number of references to actors, authors, andothers in connection with the plan, and they make goodmixed reading. Possibly some of them are apocryphal, forto history is attached a mighty fringe of legend which issometimes almost as good. If all this is not quite relevantto the theatre, we may take it as good in itself and ex- pand our conceptions of " The Mask's" functions.It is still a magazine of the theatre and it continuesto provide the stimulating and even the provocative. Arun through its pages suggests that there are very manypeople interested in the theatre, anxious to do their bestfor it, and unable to agree with one another about thebest way. There is an article here by Mr. Ashley Dukes,reprinted from the " London Mercury," which makes onequite uncomfortable, so much seems to be going wrong.Perhaps things are going pretty well with him, but thatisn't enough; he is troubled about these realists, both actorsand authors. I fancy it is comparatively easy to get into" The Mask " anything that denounces or depreciates rea- lism. Of course it is not easy to define it, and I thinkthat those who are classed as realists must read with someamusement the tale of their ideals or their limitations.When anything about realism appears in " The Mask " Ialways feel that it is aimed at me, or at least that 1 aminvolved in it. Of course this isn't so, but I have some- times tried to induce Mr. Craig or his friends to explainprecisely what they mean. Perhaps they are too polite ortoo kind to do so. If it is wrong to write these so-calledrealistic plays and novels we must give it up. It will bea bother for those of us who can't do anything else;But let the frame of things disjoint, both the worlds suffer,Ere we will eat our meal in J ear, and sleepIn the affliction af these terrible dreams.That shake us nightly.or at least as often as " The Mask" comes out. Andthe curious thing is that I can read Mr. Dukes or Mr.Craig or Mr. John Semar and agree with most of whatthey say. Yet I cannot arrive at their conclusion that Iought not to exist. It appears that Mr. Craig complainsof Mr. Shaw for thrusting other dramatists off the stage.But as I understand them these enthusiasts want to thrustme off—to S3y nothing of better men. Perhaps I mis- understand ; perhaps they don't mean that it would be abetter world without Shaw, Galsworthy, Granville-Barker,and the rest. I can understand the contention that thereis too much realism in the theatre and that the proportionsshould be readjusted; but I cannot understand anyone who thinks our lives should have been enriched by somethingbetter than the men I have named at the cost of theirtotal extinction. Let us say, for instance, that to playswithout words, involving all possible beauties and nicetiesof production, we give a half of the theatres, to poeticaldrama three-sixteenths, to miscellaneous fantasies three- sixteenths, to melodrama three-thirty-seconds, and torealism one-thirty-second. Oh, let us have our thirty- second! Though, by the by, of course there isn't anysuch thing as realism.—Things seem to be going wrong everywhere. I havenever been to the Old Vic, I am sorry to say, but Ithought that, without being an ideal affair, it did bring anappreciable Shakespeare before a great number of peoplewho were stimulated and amused by him, But—no. Itseems that this is all wrong, and that the Sadler's Wellsscheme is all wrong too. I don't clearly get at the rea- sons why they are wrong, but they are, and " the workof Henry Irving, Sir Squire Bancroft, Sir John Hare,Sir H Beerbohm Tree, and Sir George Alexander didmore for national education than six Old Vies could everdream of doing. " I have great admiration for several ofthose actors, but it never occurred to me that Sir GeorgeAlexander had anything to do with national education.I can't think that it often occurs to Mr. Craig. I some- times wish that I was a millionaire ; I think I should givea trifle to the Sadler's Wells project, though " The Mask "assures me that it would be " a silly thing to do ". Butwhat duffers these millionaires are not to go into the thea- trical line! Why doesn't one of them put 000into Mr. Craig's hands, do his best to help, and go downto history in his company ?Perhaps Mr. Craig is tired of receiving compliments.The most piquant thing in this " Mask " is a correspon- dence— perhaps only the beginning of a correspondence—between Mr. Bernard Shaw and Mr. Craig. It seemsthat Mr. Craig set it going in the January number, andnow Mr. Shaw controverts the accusation or suggestionthat he takes up too much of the stage and pushes otherpeople off. Incidentally he says to Mr. Craig: "In thenineteenth century they did not know what you were talk- ing about: today they may not know much better *, butyou are the most famous theatre man in Europe ". Thisis rather a nice thing to have said about one, thoughMr. Craig might retort that fine words butter no parsnips.Mr. Craig's rejoinder to the letter is a little disappointing.It might have opened out some interesting questions of artand morals and social affairs. Mr. Craig leaves these for ano- ther day. Unfortunately Mr. Shaw addressed him withsome familiarity, and Mr. Craig takes up space with arather round-about reproof. The real clash has yet tocome, but evidently these distinguished men will not agreevery well. Then, too, there is this *' sentimentally idiotic "proposal about Stratford-on-Avon and the interesting sug- gestion that Mr. William Poel can do all that is necessarywith a quarter of the money that it is proposed to raise.OH, " THE MASK " KEEPS US ALIVEI am a humble admirer of "The Mask ". I once wrotesomething about it that was quoted—l was going to say,for years. Now Mr. Lennox Robinson and Mr. St. JohnErvine have said handsome things and cut me out. 1 amrather jealous and would like to get back again.WELL " THE MASK " IS GOOD FUN," THE MASK " BELONGS TO THE GREAT WORLD.»I wish I could think of a first-rate epigram about it. ALAN NOBLE MONKHOUSE. THE COLOSSUS. GROUND PLAN SHOWING THE COCKPIT THEATRE.From Fisher's Plan of Whitehall (c. 1663-1670) engraved by Vertue.See also the Frontispiece Plate 7, face page 87, Iwas pleasantly occupied writing these brief chapters onMr. Bernard Shaw for a book on " The Propaganda Theatre "when the Colossus hammered at the door, and, crying out"the Philistines are upon ns ", fell upon me; two secondslater, panting, shaking me by the hand, and cheery as ever,he was saying " I congratulate myself we have had asplendid victory And off he went, and I heard him sayingas he went down the street to everyone he met "We havestormed the Theatre.... we have had a splendid victory".Not over the Theatre: for the Theatre is where it was....intact.Over the Philistine, I hope, over the one and only Phi- listine.... the Colossus himself.... Goliath, (ie, the Conspicuous)" And he had a helmet of brass upon his head "."I BEING FAMILIAR WITH ALL THE ARTS,Bernard Shaw.« The Sanity of Art ». 1907.I said in my first note on the Colossus that I did notread anything Mr. Shaw writes because he prevents me.It was this line about being familiar with the arts with all of them too at which I lingered so long thatI forgot to read any more that day.To know something of an art seemed to me good :to know much of any one art seemed even better: toknow a good deal of several arts might perhaps do: butto be familiar with them all seemed ridiculous. And toannounce it as something to be proud of is so queer.I have never known of any artist who said so, didso, or dreamed of pretending to " be familiar with allthe artsSUA WISHNESS." Don't spell it with a v Samuel don't spell it. with a v ",I am well punished for saying Mr. Shaw is dull thatbell in my valley is always now reminding me of allthat 's Shawish. Daily I think of him ; I might be a discipleof his, or in his camp. You can say Shakespearean, Georgian,but you can't say Shavian for long, spite of the OxfordDictionary. *Shawish is the word ; even Shavish is too elegant.For elegance is smooth, natural, easy, as a rule; and whatpertains to Shaw, if honest, is essentially inelegant andutterly towzled. That he reaches out for elegance is true,but he never achieves it.He admired Henry Irving from top to toe. I haveonce before (in 1904) pointed this out. He is indeedone of Irving's disciples, but not one of his apprentices (0.Yet, should you read Mr. Shaw's " Dramatic Opinions " firstpublished in the " Saturday Review " from 1895 to 1898,you would not at first be struck by any apparent admi- ration of Irving. You might notice what you take to bea Shawish dislike for him a dislike pitched in rather ahigh voice, and this might prevent you from supposinghim to be a true Irvingite.Disciples must be followers,... or difficult:—and Shawwas the difficult disciple. Not that he bothered Irving toany appreciable extent; but he was seen to be in diffi- culties about Irving; he did so admire and yet he didso wish him out of the way.He marvelled at his address, and, like a wise fellow he practised, at all sorts of meetings, to hold the head likethis, to let the left arm rest gracefully on the hip, theright one in the first position, and to shoot out his wordsso as to reach the back row of the lecture room ; to keephis feet from shuffling and his tongue from talking bal- derdash.Alas, this he was utterly unable to do.Something virgin-like in Mr. Shaw, that sterling honesty,made a heroic effort to resist the temptation to do asothers have done before him and will do after him. But,when he stood up to speak, it was always as a smartyellow-liveried journalist, never as a wise man, that hespoke.He entertained some, even most, of his listeners, whonaturally came to hear him because of that veiy Shawish- ness which he made a virtue of since he would not ridhimself of it.It was this touch which seems to have struck CountTolstoi that other socialist who, they say, (' let themsay '), gave up all he possessed. I recall seeing a longletter from from Mr. Shaw to Count Tolstoi, and the replyprinted side by side in an Italian newspaper in 1919 or 1920.I forget when the letters were written, but I recall thatMr. Shaw's was very long and Count Tolstoi's was very brief. Tolstoi seemed to regret Mr. Shaw's perkiness. Well,it certainly does not become a Colossus,Mr. Shaw on the other hand never objects to perkiness he is a sweet-tempered man, and, to the perky, the cheapand the familiar, he has ever given a kindly welcome.In fact he revels in all that. For it means somethingto him it means up-to-dateness, go, the creamof somethingistic.From his writings you would expect him to be loosein his carriage, comic in his gestures, and without know- ledge of the first, second and third positions of the dancer.But Irving taught him what an immense aid is a fine car- riage, a noble gesture and the art of the dancer, and hedecided to see whether he could not achieve a smatteringof all three. He achieved that.And I cannot look at Mr. Shaw standing to address acrowd of people without admiring it all. He does itadmirably, but it is all put on and graceless. It is some- thing learnt and applied according to a book of rules.,..Still, it is of a piece with his work. And what hesays when he rises to speak is what grieves those whohave always tried hard long ago to forget the very thingshe struggles so Shawishly to remember. Gordon Craig. (To be continued). (1) Pinero was an apprentice, Martin Harvey too. BOOK REVIEWS. THE SOURCE OF A HUNDRED PLAYS.This design is from the book of Alessandro Caravia "Naspo Bizaro", (Venetia, DomenicoNicohno 1565) It consists of " calate fantastiche che canta Naspo Bizaro da VeniesiaCastellan, sotto i balconi de Cate Bionda Biriota, causare la bizaria del ceruelu, e 'lmartello del stomego The design is not a record of any play, but a record of the people,place, the whole fabric from which 100 plays of the Commedia dell'Arte were drawn.The busy life of the Venetian merchant, or Foreign soldier, 7uasting his money and spare hours,dining in some out of the way but well known trattoria in evening. Four such menare here music being paid for dishes preparing ; all very merry in a solemn Venetian way Plate 11. THE SAME SCENE BY NIGHT.Here is the same place, the same fabric, but only the musicians left; — night time ; music notof the paid kind. Have we here Naspo Bizaro himself "sotto i balconi de Cate BiondaBiriota"? Anyhow he can sing his own song. Plate 12. DRAMA TIC THEOR YIN SPAIN,edited by H. J. Chaytor M. A.LIFE IS A DREAM by Calderon,translated by Birch &amp; Trend 2/6.THE BANKSIDE STAGE-BOOK,H. W. IVhanslow,Wells Gardner,Darton &amp; Co. 4!—. MR. Chaytor prints for us slices ofSpanish, a language few of usknow, and so I have to turn to myold and trusted friend Barrett H. Clarkbefore 1 can discover what it really isthat Lope de Vega is trying to say.In Mr. Clark's " European Theoriesof the Drama " you get it in English;here 'tis all Spanish. Perhaps thisbook is wholly for students of theSpanish language, but would a transla- tion of the Spanish slices placed at theend of the little book have done anyharm ? I, for one, would have beenpleased to learn what it is that Molinasays about the " ignorancia " of DonaSerafina in " The Orchards of Toledo";(Mr Clark helps me to the word orchardsbut says nothing about Serafina).What a pity it is that in the processof becoming M.A, Mr. Chaytor lostsome common sense: what a pity that I,as representing ordinary artists outsideall universities, in not becoming M.Ahave not such learning as his. Cannotlearning and mother-wit come closertogether somehow .... some day?They come closer in Mr. Birch andMr. Trend's translation of " Life's aDream ", and Mr. E. Le Bas helps agood deal with his stage plan andhis two illustrations.I will not compare his work withthat of Mr. Terence Gray or Mr. H.W. Whanslaw but no doubt the threewill be classed together by the amateurs.I find Mr. Whanslaw and his booksuperficial, and Mr. Gray pretentious,though both of them are tidy. Mr. LeBas seems to be at ease in a castleor a dungeon (the two designs in theplay book) and puts on no side. I thinkhe is rather too fond of platforms ands'eps, and I would suggest to him thatthe use of two flights of convex steps one behind the other is an error. Ifthe front steps are to be convex letthose behind them be concave. And awell-shaped arch is always finer to seethan an ill-shaped one. I once madea model with an arch in it and I, too,made it as Mr. Le Bas does, low andsprawling, and only after a long journeyto India did I discover on coming hometo London how ugly my arch was. Ithen broke the model, gave up scene- ries, and Fleet Street claimed me. Buteven here in this little Wine OfficeCourt Inn, the arch is shapely, notsprawling. But I wish Mr. Le Bas goodluck and lots of practice.As for Calderon's masterpiece, itremains to this day unknown to theEnglish stage presumably for lackof a suitable translation.It seems incredible, but so it is ; for, if a good translation existed, Mr. J.B. Trend would know of its existence,he being a Spanish scholar who haslived in Spain, has written " A Pictureof Modern Spain " (1921) and trans- lated Spanish masterpieces and beenSpanish correspondent to the Athe- naeum " in 1919.Assisted by Mr. Birch, one of themost successful producers of an AmateurCompany of Cambridge University, hehas made my existence decidedly richer,for I have come near the Calderonmasterpiece at last.I cannot pick faults in their workwhen under so great a debt to themfor the little glimpse they have givenme of it; all I can do is to suggest tothose who will buy this play at oncethat they race throught it at top speed.As it progresses get quicker and quickereven to a hurried skip now and again.Taken slowly it might weary. I ratherthink you'll be pulled up suddenlysomewhere between pages 50 and 60.When I came to the passage at whichI stopped, and which I believe itimpossible to pass without twice reading,it was about 12.30 at night, I hadgone to bed at a quarter-to-twelve andhad fancied sleepily I would read Act I.before putting out the light. I readthe whole getting faster and fasterand skipping the jerky bits for thereare a few of these.It is assuredly a most wonderful playand 1 would give much to knowSpanish,... and then to see it performedin Spain and await that magic passagebetwixt pages 50 and 60.I know no situation of such powerin any other drama ; it sets one tinglingall over. When I came to it I stoppeddead and experienced somethingwhich I cannot express but which putme in a state of astonishing happiness and it was 1230 at night, I seemedto enter that state and place and timewhere there is neither sleep nor waking,and yet where there assuredly is happiness.Not often can one speak of a thing sovery rare. I tasted it last night as I wasstopped between pages 50 and 60.Taken apart from the rest of theplay one would pass this passage. Placedwhere it is, it is a miracle and arresting ;it dazzles. Calderon is indeed somethingwe thought non-exisient a magician:all that is complicated and contradictoryhe draws into his play: one cannot seehow he will possibly put it in order :he does the most daring things allthat is impossible and all that is quiteordinary here crowd together : and withan ease that is astonishing.I have seen Pirandello somewherereferred to as not unlike Calderon.But Calderon is certain, he has nodoubts, and he is a professional dra- matist and gives us the impression ofa master working with extreme ease.Pirandello is rather the reverse.The plays by Pirandello are trans- lated into English within five years oftheir being performed, Calderon's arestill looking for some one with time towaste for it would he money lost, me- thinks (if life is a d ream) for any poordreamer in England to give a fewyears to the translation of his manymasterpieces, for "to win a friendor two " in England against hiwaking is perhaps out of the question THE CHARTERHOUSE OFPARMA. Marie-Henri Beyle (deStendhal). 2 vols. Chatto &amp;London 15/—. Boni &amp; Liverighl,New York• $ 5.THIS translation has appeared in bothEngland and America, and Mr. C. K.Scott Moncrieff who is responsible forit is to be felicitated on what must bequite the best translation that is orever will be. Only do I object to therather too frequent use of the phrase*' hell for leatherBut what a trifle is this comparedwith the hundred perfections of his work.The highest praise is the simple oldone —it really does not read like atranslation.As for the book, it ranks with allthe finest lying in the world; one cansay no more than this.... that is a novel.To lie, and to lie like truth and keepit up to the end.What Nietzsche meant, what Taine,by calling the author " the great psycho- logist of the century " and " the lastgreat psychologist of France " I can- not say. I suppose they were thinking hardat the time of reading; or, writing toolong after reading Chartreuse deParme, they either hated the wholeart of the novelist or had forgottenwhat it was they had felt they hadhad to say.By dint of thinking some more, andafter certain long and searching queriesinto the looking glass, these tough oldoracles decided that he was a psychologist.What a conclusion!What if he is a psychologist?... whocares whether Vitruvius was a carpen- ter ?The truth is, that this Stendhal,this terrible fellow, was one of thoserare things so seldom found today evenin Chelsea or Montparnasse; a thingtoo useless for words, and not a cosagrata at court ; that thing which beginswith an A, has an s in it, and is notan ass, because of two ts and an r,and an i: but I have received ordersfrom headquarters that the thing is notto be mentioned in " The Mask " moreoften than is absolutely necessary be- cause it makes the wives of a fewinfluential if industrious linendrapersthat cross. And indeed it is hardlynecessary to say what Stendhal is, forit is clear to you.He was that, and there is no moreto be said about it; he was abnormallythat, there is no doubt.I wish I had ten thousand poundsto erect a memorial to him, and onits base engrave chapters of his book.It would be a monument worthy of him.And I would ask our three best poets eachto write a verse. These I would have en- graved there too, by Gill, and Johnson andby Baccigallupo. And our best prose wri- ters would be asked for three lines,just to show how often three lines ofprose can be more perfect than eventhree lines of the best poetry. Nothaving ten pence, I fear that Mr. Wells,Mr. Shaw and Mr. Scotson Umbridge,whose head popped round the cornerof my door the moment I mentionedthe ten thousand pounds and the prose,....I fear that these great writers willbe out of that job.But magic (if you know what 1mean) still rules all things; and themonument is going up even withoutthe help of that inadequate ten thou, * mw—wm 111 Hi II mi—l mill mi I ufii—wi ■■■■! iw n m iMWßinwnwwmiinrwinr~ iTrmirfTnii i i i«i&gt;iiiiniiinr«w»mwLITERATURE IN THE THEA- TRE by W. A. Darlington. Chap- man &amp; Hall. 12/6 net.■ mimmmmmssmmammmßaammmmmammmm n rnim—— ■ mi——»AS everybody in London knows,Mr. Darlington is the Dramaticcritic of the " Daily Telegraph andthis new book of his forms a compa- nion volume to his earlier one, " Throughthe Fourth Wallpublished in 1922,and all but one of the essays have al- ready appeared in either the " Fort- nightly Review " or the " Daily Te- legraph ".Here we find chapters on the Bro- thers Capek, on Personality and Tem- perament, on Stage English, on " Whatthe Public Wants on various bookson the theatre, and many like subjects.The author is a quiet and steadycritic without any pretentions. Thenimble capers which George Jean Na- than cuts are not for him...: in factMr. Darlington does not approve ofMr. Nathan... and considers him outto " flout and annoy ". Yet the Nathanmethod seems to achieve something.When dealing with a rigid pose ofindifference, the provocative method hasits uses.One thing that strikes us in Mr.Darlington's new book, as it did in thelast, is that he appears to have prac- tically no interest in the important partof the newest movement in the Thea- tre. It seems as if it would be hardfor a man to write 207 pages, treatof a good many theatre books andtheatre problems, and never find itnecessary, for instance, to have a wordabout the foremost figures in thatmovement, ...Mr. Gordon Craig, Stani- slawsky, Reinhardt, even if it were onlyto oppose or disapprove these men.That is where Mr. Darlington's weakspot is revealed. And it is very weak.As the dramatic critic of one of theleading English dailies it is his businessto know a little better as to what's whatand who's who, and to say somethingto his audience on that which is vitaland progressive in every movement inthe theatre.For the " Daily Telegraph " is agrand old journal, and it might seemto people not a little unworthy of sucha journal that its columns were notmore able to cope with the work of aman who is described as England'sgreatest man in the Theatre ",... Gor- don Craig, and this description wetake from the "Daily Telegraph" itself.It's not Mr. Darlington's word ; itis merely the opinion of '* the greatestproducer of Scandinavia, JohannesPoulsen, acclaimed the greatest actorDenmark has ever produced".This also from the " Daily Tele- graph ".It may interest our readers to havethe full statement by Mr. Poulsen inthe *' Daily Telegraph " as reportedby Mr. Hayden Talbot: Starting off by saying that " in allGreat Britian and in all the United States the theatre is in the hands ofmerchants ", he came at last to Shaw:—" Shaw is a contrast merchant.'' Tell him it is pouring cats and" dogs—and he will prove it is a beau- " tiful sunny day. He will prove it" with a kind of superficial brilliance"and satirical wit that passes for genius." England's greatest man in the theatre" on the other hand is considered by his" fellow-countrymen to be quite mad." I refer to Gordon Craig. There is"an artist. But England will have" none of him. But what else is to"be expected of a nation which" counts any kind of expression of" emotion bad form ". (')Now Mr. Darlington might havehad the thought to say that;—but ittakes more than thinking;—it requirescourage, conviction, and a true love ofthe British Stage.... and rather less fearof some of its servants. (l) The Daily Telegraph. December24th, 1913. THE NEW SPIRIT IN THEEUROPEAN THEATRE. HuntlyCarter. Ernest Benn. 25j —.IF the author is to be trusted to re- port faithfully about this new spiritin the European Theatre, then thisparticular flame is a very violent one.And, unlike a good red herring, itcannot claim to be more brilliant thana rich dull black.The author laughs at Stanislawsky:he asserts that his group was " uselessfrom the start" because presumably(for all we know) it couldn't bebrought to pander to Bolchevic propa- ganda.Well, that settles the book for me;it decides it as utterly bad andfalse.I am not at the moment a specialadvocate for Stanislawsky, Tchekov,Chaliapine or any Russian. In fact Iam anti-foreign these days. On seeingit announced that the ever-charmingMadame Rubenstein had passed thefrontier and was performing at LaScala in Milan, I marvelled.When I read in our very patrioticjournal the " Daily Mail" of the won- ders of the new Russian Restaurant atNice, I took another glass of red wineand said nothing : but on seeing theartistic Mr. Carter busy with his boom- ing of Russian goods and hearingh m chattering about the new spirit inRussia I thought of some of the slydigs at our English stupidity I hadheard when I lived in Russia. Thesly Russian bear would know how to do this and that, said these excellentpeasants dressed up as Russian middle- class gentlemen.No one who wishes to see Europecome to its senses will want to readthis book, for it is crazy about Bol- chevism and Russia; the author findscommonplace and hideous things " beau- tiful " and lakes himself even moreseriously than usual. He began hiscareer well in going to see the Euro- pean Theatre fifteen years ago, but hehas not stopped to study any of thethings he has seen. He has no feel- ing and no wit. I won't say he wentto look at it all in the poke-the-nose- into-it way of Paul Pry, but since hebegan his studies he has not advancedat all. He lacks self-discipline.He is old-fashioned ; he belongs tothat order of mind which has a paltrylittle fixed idea (and that a dark one)and hunts this all the year round, likea cat running round after its tail. Itcan't be good for the health.He also reveals a certain wild con- ceit, for he seems to say on every page,* / alone know what is good in The- atre and I alone can tell you whathas to be done".Now he is an able journalist, thisman, but he is that and nothing else.He has an unerring instinct in no- sing out what is rotten in Russia.This he reveals to us in his book asthough it were excellent, and keeps onspeaking of the Labour party.He is full of reading and the phrasesof the day, but he is ignorant, thisMr. Carter: let me add that it is thevery last thing he suspects himself ofbeing.I am surprised that he was able tofind a publisher willing to spread theBolchevic damnations, for they are notmere stupidities.Till recently I always credited acertain Moscow Theatre with havingrepresented Mr. Chesterton's play about" Thursday" honestly. I now learnthat they have distorted it and madeit serve the propagandistsA theatre which takes a side, whichsells itself to any kind of propagandawhatever, is a contemptable theatre.Hold what opinions you like, buthold them in when you turn to yourworkmen's tools, which should -neverbe the slaves but always the servants :how ? by obeying the old laws,not of time, wages, and so forth, butthe laws of the good craftsman whotakes his orders from one man only,the artist.And if today the artist is not ho- noured by the state, while the theatremanager (seldom an artist) is honou- red what of that ? It is a gravepity but what of that ? Patience!and shuffle the cards. DOSTOEVSKY by Andre Gide;( Translated from the French).Dent &amp; Sons. 6/ net.MSAMSSAMMMMMMMTMMMBMTMMMMMMMMSSAMMMMMMSAMTAMAAMMMMMMTKM 'I I&gt; N N 1110 ■IMW N N HIMI cannot find in the history of manany proof that, when the artist isstill in the stage of conflict and strug- gling with problems, he produces worksof art which are of value. .. for, besetwith doubts and fears, his vision can- not act: when deceived by prejudicehe finds all things grey and out ofjoint and the situation is even worse:only when he is firmly persuaded mayhe be said to understand.Many have admired the writhings ofLaocoon many still do : if you areone I put it to you that you do notlike them daily.... that twelve hoursof unrelieved Laocoon is not what youlike.And what I read of in this bookby the fine French critic Gide is ra- ther too much like unveiling a newLaocoon, this time alive and wriggling.M. Gide writes here as he writesalways, easily to all appearances....and that is the marvel. To remaincalm before this Laocoon, this tieddown but struggling mass called Do- stoevsky, who is ever despairing, evercrying out "Yes - life is difficult "is a remarkable feat.The Russian " gravely " saying thatlife is difficult is just what I alwaysfeel the Russian should try to stopsaying. Compare the Italian's eternal" Pazienza " and his electricity and hismuscle.But do you live in five monthssnow or rain and seven months bad wea- ther as the Russian describes his climate ?If you do, then you have probablyfound the days short, the nights long,and at night you have read Poushkinperhaps. Poushkin we like, do wenot, because he doesn't say " Yes, Lifeis hard " : he positively remembers whohe is. A Russian, and Pouskin at that." I have a story " Dostoevsky writesto Shakhov, " not a very long one.I had already thought of writing itthree or four years ago, the year mybrother died...."Now what does it matter whetherhe had thought three, four, or evenfive years of writing the story, orwhether it did happen to be the yearhis brother died or six months later ?It seems that we have come to readinto all these Russian details a lot ofsignificant somethings which they real- ly do not possess. They remind me of those sphinx-like glances of modernyoung ladies, soaked in sentimentaljazz, which mean absolutely nothing.When Dostoevsky delivers the goodsthey are doubtless extraordinary, butthey are so gloomy, so eternally griz- zling, sighing, moaning, being sorry forself and others; murder - bedsides -idiots - Christ - rebirth - disgrace -floods of tears - psychology - tears -sofas - sledges - snow and very bur- ning feet.,., torment over writing, overthinking, over sights by day, by night,- Tolstoi - tea - torment - debts -Christ - miseryI don't want so much of Russia orRussians. I hear that it's only Rus- sians who can write plays, act them,sing, dance and decorate restaurantsand mean something all the time. Idelight in what is excellent in thework of Russians, but all that glittersis not gold, and we must not go onraving as we do about Tchekov, Tur- genieff, Russian Ballet, Piskkoff, Pookoff,Tairoff, and the Russian restaurantsin Paris and Nice as though we werewithout any ability to achieve forourselves in the rest of Europe andsome day in New York.Yet why say some day ? Only yes- terday New York had it in her po- wer to have created the best Ballet ofthe century for she had the creator ofit and didn't know how to treat thesituation.England, France, too. They pos- sess creative artists and stubbornly re- fuse to take the trouble to learn howto use them.Well, if they wake up one day tofind the lands overrun with a Russianweed they will not blame anyone butthemselves will they ?But couldn't they wake up and makegood about their own artists ? THE THEATRE, AN ART ANDAN INDUSTRY, by H. R. -hour. The Labour Publishing Co. 2)6.TWO introductory notes, the first byMiss Sybil Thorndike, the secondby Charles B. Cochan, tell me that Mr.Barbour is " a practised writer whoknows the theatre by personal experiencefrom the various angles of actor, dra- matist and critic and that the ActorsAssociation selected Mr. Barbour astheir oracle.So not knowing Mr. Barbour's workI looked him up in " Who's Who "(1926) also in " Who's Who in theTheatre " (Fifth Edition) ; and lastly"Who's Who in Literature" (1926) andfound no mention of him or his work.But while that puts me at a disadvan- tage it does not prevent me from seeingthat he is an able man, and an honest one.He sincerely endeavours to discoverwhat is wrong with the English Thea- tre so as to help towards getting thingsmore shipshape. "Le roi est mort; ouest le roi ? " are rather queer wordsfor this rather Socialistic student to usebut they are merely put in for thesake of Theatrical effect, and he soonforgets them, and wanders away fromthe question.He doesn't seem to think very muchof Mr. Bourchier or Sir Gerald duMaurier, Sir Frank Benson, J. L. Sachsor M. Darewski.Miss Thorndike and Mr. Casson seemto him to " havd the courage of theirart " and " Mr. Playfair, too, has cou- rage ". He does not seem to be quitesure of our old chief Henry Irving; hedoes not seem to know precisely whatit was Irving stood for. He likes Com- rade Lugg and would like to see theActors' Association and the Stage Guildunited. For all I know they may bythis time be united....l don't believe itmatters very much if they are or not,Mr. Barbour will probably study theTheatre from a fresh angle some day ;he will write a better book if he does,but meantime 1 have only one faultto find with Mr. Barbour, and that isthat he doesn't answer the question heputs himself, " Ou est le roi?"Kings of the stage I have always feltwere a bit of a joke. Elliston wasthe stage king for a time. Let us pass on.Let us substitute for king the wordspirit. The spirit of the stage is a bitdead but long live the spirit.Mr. Barbour, in an article in " TheNew Age " (November 6th 1924)(about the time the book I am reviewingappeared) wrote of two men as fol- lows : " In our own age and country two*' men have arisen who in similar yet" dissimilar ways have contributed a" most significant quota to the great" world-theatre. Gordon Craig, the su- " preme exponent of the new dramaturgy," a more or less voluntary exile from" the country which, if it has not rejected" him, has, at least, not allowed him to" extract many plums from the Thea- trical pie, prosecutes his researches" into the more abstract and tenuous" aspects of theatrecraft. He has added" many a cubit to the stature of thea- " trical exellence and the repercussions"of his theory and practice on the" theatres of the world are abundantly" and universally visible. He who runs" may read the lesson that Gordon"Craig has taught the regisseurs of con- " tinental and American playhouses ". " Another contributor of no mean" order is William Poel, whose work" is no less important for all that it h" less immediately evident, less definable" in terms of literature and design, less" spectacular. To William Poel's re- " construction of the principles of Eli- '• zabethan stagecraft, to his methods of" presentation, and to his practice of" enunciation the English theatre is" under a great obligation. Like Craig," Poel is possessed by the demon of•• experiment, relentless in his self-dis- " covered academism, determined on" the prevalence of his researches and" theories "•Now here is the answer to his cry," Le Roi est mort oil est le Roi ".Change the title Roi to spirit, and thereply is, Poel, Barker, Drinkwater, andCraig, for in these four men residesmore of the spirit of the Theatre at itsbest than in the rest,And I am surprised that Mr. Bar- bour did not arrive at this obviousconclusion. Possibly he looked for oneman....for he spoke of King. But whatcan one man do with a stage in thepredicament our English stage is intoday? What can a single Theatre do?But (and this is a graver question) whatcan our English performers do todayand tomorrow if there are no standardsfixed, no one flag flying from four orfive theatres round which to rally. Youcan't rally round a box office.Had I been Mr. Barbour I wouldassuredly have told my readers thatthe solution to many of the difficultiesof our English Stage is to establishfour theatres, to place Poel, Barker,Drinkwater and Craig at the head ofone theatre each; to support these fourtheatres with sufficient funds (Englandis quite wealthy enough for that, andit is a canard, this put-up cry ofPoor England), the support to belasting even as the talent of thesemen lasts and does not give out. (Alittle confidence for such confidence ifyou please); for these four theatres tocall to them all the best performers,not for a living wage but for somethingbetter, ....good terms, good work, goodparts to play; ensemble to be the watch- word. Competition between the fourif you will, but fair play all round.Each theatre to have its own Drama- tists who are part and parcel of thetheatre and not to be tempted away :(here Barker and Drinkwater beingplaywrights have the advantage of theothers); and the theatres not to be too4near one another.In fact London might have the four,but it would be better, if they werenot all in the one city. This done, I do not doubt for amoment that in five or six years ourEnglish theatre would be considerablystrengthened.But it will take some persuading toget these four men to undertake such atask. They have already shown us whatthey can do, so all we have to askthem is to go on doing it and doing itbetter : but we must support them.That we shall do no such thing Iwill not prophesy but 1 sometimeswonder whether England very muchcares what kind of Theatre it has." Whatever comes along is bestis that the notion of the Englishman ?I don't know that it's far wrong.Were I one of the four I think Ishould distinctly prefer not to have tosacrifice the rest of my life to any suchungrateful task.For, without the enthusiasm of thewhole Profession, what kind of joy isthere in agreeing to shoulder such aburden ? And what sort of enthusiasmdoes the Profession show to any ofthese four—or to anyone else ? TheProfession has gone to seed; it cul- tivates its weeds carefully : of the cul- tivation of anything of value it is strangelyand unpleasantly ignorant.The next time Mr. Barbour or anyoneelse writes such a book let him searchhis conscience and not shirk the issue. SECRETS OF A SHOWMAN byCharles B. Cochran. Heinemann.25/ net.EVER since this book appeared in1925 1 have been trying to dis- cover what exactly it was about.To this moment I cannot say.1 should imagine that it is about ashowman could I but discover who isthe showman.Cochran is but the modern equivalentof the genuine old article he is animpresario ; to be a real showman youmust have a show.... and it must beunmistakeably your show. Cochran hasno show of his own. So he does notrank with Dijaleff, Sanger and BuffaloBill, all of whom have had shows oftheir own big and prosperous shows.He belongs to the more " refained "group of those who run other peo- ple's shows, and from this book, itwould appear, has been ever ready todeal in anything you like or want,except success.It's hard luck on a man of affairsto fail, for all we look to him for isfinancial success.Everyone (I mean " everyone whoknows ") seems to have urged Cochranto do this, that and the other and being, I gather, a very good naturedman, he did what he could to pleasethem all; this he seems to have donethe more easily owing to a naturalaptitude to do this, that and the other.He could run a Bernhardt for a shortseason and the Dolly Sisters intermi- nably ; Carpentier and Cowboys nowand again with the Russian Ballet, andHoup-la with Duse, and Bat Caba- rets, and see nothing stupid in thatsort of a programme.If Cochran was clever, he was ra- ther too frivolously clever.He was only mildly ambitious ; hewas not entirely sure of himself; helacked sufficient confidence to take adifficult path. Thirty years ago whenhe was twenty-three, he might, forexample, have been George BernardShaw's secretary and then become hisimpresario: he might have saved Shawa terrible lot of worry f Who's Whoin Literature " SHA W, G. 8., etc, etc.Agent: none; transacts his own bu- siness ". did that never catch theeye of Cochran ?Shaw, the greatest one-man showon earth, quite the smartest businessman living Shaw needed an agent ;needed one assistant, even as Cochranneeded one thing to believe in and toboom.There was money in Shaw. Shaw,assisted by Cochran ; provided Cochranfor the sake of the final success andthe big bags of money could have be- lieved in Shaw and no one else andcould have taken a back seat and wor- ked unheard and unseen ; providedCochran could have worn jaegers, fore- sworn ptarmigan, and yet retainedhis keen business faculties (if he hasany) ; provided all this, Cochran wouldhave been one of the very richest menliving today, and Shaw quite the richest.Why, only last month Shaw waslending £i 30,000 at 5Vg Per centfor housing purposes to the EasingtonRural District Council.What a pair of barges they wereto pass each other in the night.... andboth of 'em so well lighted up toosirens advertising the existence ofeach plenty of announcements as toports at which each would call; allvery safe and snug on board,... andthey missed each other ! IAltogether a not very interestingbook, this; in fact not far removedfrom being a dull one. It is too longby three hundred pages, and too ex- pensive by about fifteen shillings. Butthere are some very charming photo- graphs in the book of Mrs. Cochran,Mile. Delesia, the Dolly Sisters andothers. A showman may fool the crowdall he likes; he may pretend to bethis, that and the other, but I thinkhe must be careful never to fool themabout two things: he must be,not pretend to be, a genuine showman :and he must have a genuine showone his own. MODERN PLAYS. THE BRITISH DRAMALEAGUE LIBRARY. 3/ - neteach volume. Vol. 9, 10, 11, 12.THE DILEMMA by J. Barry, FourSeas Co. (No price given). HENRY GAY CALVIN. FORTUNATELY the modern play- writers are the most unselfish ofmortals.The advance made since the timeof Congreve and Wycherly, of Beolcoand Ariosto is most marked. In thosefar off unenlightened days, only toomany playwrights were heard repeatingthat old catch-phrase " The play's thething ", meaning thereby, the per cen- tage. But not now. In those daysevery playwright had debts not now.Debts natu'ally arouse a playwright toaction. The vast sums amassed byAriosto and Beolco, Wycherly, Chap- man and the others prove how muchattention they paid to per centages.Nowadays this selfishness (which verylikely was the reason for the wretchedwork done in those days) has givenplace to a grander thought.No longer does the play-writer thinkof himself; he thinks of you andme. While it is in his interest todraw me out of my house and intothe theatres so that I can be one of thethree thousand witnessing his play, heis not going to avail himself of anysuch privilege. So year by year hehas been making it easier and easierfor me to get his plays into my house.I can now count on the play co- ming to me any evening at 8.30 punc- tually, after I have dined: and Ican select my own play and get thebest seat in the house, and all for3/6 or half a crown. I may smokemy cigar or clay pipe, I may sip mycoffee, and I can draw up to the fireand make all cosy and read. Whygo [to the playhouse any more ? Itis an uncomfortable place, draughtyand so public. Once there I have tostay till the end even if the playbores me. But here in my room lamno longer obliged to follow every playright through. If on opening page 10or 15 1 find it silly stuff, 1 have onemore gift for the Hospitals at Christmas. Or after I have read my play I canlook at its pretty paper cover andplace this new gem of industry in mybookshelf.Mr Blackwell's selection of playshave specially twinkling outsides. MessrsBenn's are also bonny to look at, butdo not go well with English oak, andcedar from Lebanon is not easy to get.So much for my own impressionas to the reason for publishing modernplays before they have been seen ona stage.But I am told that the true reason isquite another one. Some say they arepublished because they can't get themacted —or prefer not to have themacted or to entice managers.The plays by Graves, Boyd, Peach,Peacey and the rest are new, but theyare a little wearisome.The authors of them are doubtlessclever men and women, and some ofthem, may be, will write a good playsome day. These play writers all seemto me to travel the same paths, dres- sed in the same rig-out, looking atthe same things, and remembering thedelightful things which were said aboutthese sights in their guide-books. Theseplay-writers seem to have studied atAcademies or Art Schools and havecaught the trick of writing a play.To acquire that, no real talent isnecessary. These play-writers are tooclever at the learnt trick for any en- couragement to be of service. Encou- ragement is only good for the tho- rough bungler who makes it clear thathe really did want to say somethinghe had seen clearly or felt acutely.And as there may be one such bun- gler coming along I would suggest thathe peruse the old French comedies ofthe middle ages: Lde Cal- hain ; Le Farce de Maitre Mimin ;L'Obstination des Femmes and MaitrePathelin for example. (0 And Ta- barin t00.... stop a while.... perhaps amonth or so and absorb something ofTabarin: give a whole quarter toAdajn de la Halle, and the rest ofthe year to Pierre Blanchet. Get toknow them well, forget all about your- self and your contemporaries.... Shaw,Pinero and Jones. They know if theyare doing what they think best butthat is not at all what you should do.First get clear what it is you havenot to write about and do me thekindness to listen for a moment. Don t write about two things, two ideas,two thoughts. Write of one only.Don't write in two acts, write inone ... short or long, stick to one.Take a real subject; avoid the myste- rious things of heaven and hell ; writsabout the earth only. Make no at- tempt to work out a complicated si- tuation ; confine yourself to three cha- racters ; do not change your scene ;put no problem to yourself, and makeno attempt to try to solve a problem....but only try to make a play. Takeany story and write round that, onlylet the story be one which can betold in forty or fifty lines.They knew how to do this in theyear 1250, in 1450; and by the timeMoli&amp;re's turn came it was easy aslying.Leave Shaw and Pinero strugglingwith what they take to be the truth ;no one will contradict them. Lie alittle ; someone may come to agreewith you.And when I say, lie a little, Imean write around something which" hardly seems true "as they say. It'sas true as everything else, but as itseems not possibly true it is thoughtto be a bit of a lie.For example, A the poet thinks Bhis wife married him out of sheer loveand admiration for his good looks.It seems hardly true that he has justheard her say to a young man thatshe hates his ugly face. The ugly face.That cannot be true to A. Do youfollow me ? Well, lie a little aboutthis face. Never mind who laughs;stick to it that the face is all we(you and I and A) were sure it was.I should not go away from this faceif I were you. There are three orfour dramas in it. And remember,when you get tired of the thing, askyourself once more, what about thatface ? ; because it's a hundred to oneyou 've forgotten to explain all aboutit. That's due to your lessons in theAcademies and Art Schools wherethey have taught you to bring onthirty faces with forty complicated si- tuations with fifty problems to solveeach with a beginning and a middleand an end.That is being all too clever avoid it.Having fixed what you will writeabout go around your garden or upand down the London streets playingwith words which are nearly all alikein sound. Just to get ready. Thengo indoors and write like the devil.What I tell you to do is what thosemen of the old days did.... their publicwould stand neither foolery nor pretence. Listen to Pathelin.Palhehn. Dieu y soit! (1) (il entre)Guillaume. (drappierj Et Dieu vous dointjoye !Pathelin, Or ainsi m&gt; aist Dieu, quey avoyeDe vous veoir grant voulentelComment se porte la sante ?Estes-vous sain et dru (2),Guillaume ?Le Drappier Guy, par Dieu !Pathelin Ca, ceste paulmecomment vous va ?That's the way to set about yourwork, and this is the kind of play toread with care and continually. Thiswill help you to drive out of yoursystem that facile empty jingle of themodern play writers which seems toact like a poison.Your plays are bad, not becauseyou are stupid, only because you at- tempt to be far too clever, and to dointricate things on an empty stomach.Brainy and wretched aim and result.Fill up your paunch away withthose false problems ; forget all aboutthem and all you think you perceive;accept what has been seen and knownfor centuries. Do not try to be original... for it is an impossibility : donot fatigue your brains thinking outsome new character. Take an old onethat is already clearly drawn for youby one of the masters. On that makeyour little improvisation.You are not obliged to think it allout by yourself... and if you try to, youcan but get into a most complicatedmuddle and that will end in your crea- ting a play like Pirandello or Shawor the other thinkers create.Run from that.Here is " Pathelin " and the Frenchfarces. Put them in your pocket : off you go ;... avoid everyone ; don'tlisten to their twaddle ; keep by your- self ; create. And believe me tobe, yours sincerely. (i) I wrote of " Pathelin " in " TheMask " for 1924 in " Plays Old and New "and am glad to see that Mr. Masefieldhas recently translated the play.... andbetter still had it performed in his thea- tre near Oxford and with great success- LONDON'S LOST THE A TRES byErroll Sherson. John Lane. / 8/— net.THE worst of architecture is that it istoo fascinating, attracts too muchattention unless it is quite perfect. Aplace of worship in the hands of agood (but not a great) architect oftenbecomes, for those susceptible to theasides of the Muses, as dangerous asthe golden casket proved to the Princeof Morocco. One comes to worship,and, talking too long to oneself aboutthe beauties of the material and workman- (1) For mule de salut, pour : Dieu so itavec vous !(2) Formule en usage pour s' infor- mer de la sante de quelqu 'un. ship, one discovers that one's time andthe game is up ...•and the lights beingput out. One has forgotten to pray.Let but a merchant cause a vast shopto be built for him by a c lebratedarchitect, and no one with any sensi- bility will buy even a reel of cotton,As we Europeans are today nolonger susceptible to the whispers of theMuses, nor in any way sensible to finecraftsmanship, all is well us. Ourchurches serve admirably for thinkingover exactly what shade of cotton itis we want, and on Monday we go tobuy it religiously no matter how attrac- tive the Emporium.When it comes to theatres, thingsare as safe for us. Our theatres are de- signed and built to match our theatricaltaste..., which is mainly a sentimentalthing and not over-burdened as it mightbe with judgement, either rapid or cool.Our theatres are built so as to be ascomfortable as a railway carriage, asflashy as a beer saloon, and as useless ashouse-boat.But for all its apparent harmlessnessit can terribly affect those of us whoare at all subject to echoes, for oftenan echo of a voice from Bordeaux orParma, from Venice or Bayreuth willcurl in and out of the overhangingcircles and we shall be lost in a dream,remembering some old talk of palchlor parterre, shall be, I mean.And in the past two centuries therehas been a great deal talked aboutboth and in both, and today the mereecho of the voices clinging to the velvetand the chandelier is enough to makeus ....I mean me.... forget the playand the actors.And this haunting familiar of thearchitects, this muse, even follows meas I peep into books. It decoys mefrom Betterton and Irving, even fromMetastasio and Farinelli: I find I amthinking of Wren and of Fontana andof Gabriel the architects.I was when I opened Mr; Sherson'svery charming book; 1 was thinkingof my old friend the architect Selva,of Venice, who visited Astley's Circusin 1780, twelve years before he cameto build La Fenice in Venice. GiovanniAntonio Selva was born in Venice in1753, and in 1780 on arriving inLondon, Astley having just opened hisnew circus, Selva dotted down a numberof observations - whether printed or noI cannot say - I have never coma acrossany such book. So that the manuscript,which I possess, and which was co- pied by the hand of his apprenticeBeccani about 1833 is perhaps froma note book by Selva. Therein is arough plan of Astley's in pen and ink. I was thinking of this sketch ofAstley's, I was wondering if I was tosee the original reproduced in thischarming book by Mr Erroll Sherson ;I was wondering, too, where that sketchcould be for my copy is only byhis pupil. And 1 was also thinking ofMr. John Potter, Mr. Wyatt (1746-1813), Mr. Beazley (1786-1851),Mr. Rosoman, and old Pasquali, thosecarpenters, builders or architects whothrew up the London theatres of thelate 18th century or early in the 19th.1 will confess it was of these enchan- ting architects of London that I washankering to read, and of the waythey built their theatres. Knowing thatold Beazley had also written some hun- dred dramas, besides building our oldLyceum Theatre in 1816, I was verykeen to get at something about Beazley.What were his aims, I wondered:what was the particular method em- ployed by Beazley when building aplayhouse. I despaired of learning muchabout Potter or Pasquali; of Rosoman1 felt all was possible; of Wyatt thatall was certain.Then imagine how dashed I was,not to find their names even mentionedin the admirable index of this delightfulh00k,... let alone in the text.There were some fifty or sixty (maybe more) theatres built in London inthe 19th century; and I did hope tofind that the men who built them wouldbe given first place in this book. Butas usual the actors push them out ofthe way. For it is what go:s on in achurch, a shop, a theatre that matters, notthe shop, church, stage, as I have said.What I would insist on is that no- thing else matters, IF you are a truebargainer, devotee or theatre goer. If,like me, you are easily attracted, luredaway, cajoled by the more entertainingtricks of the architects, craftsmen,vestments, incense, the music or theceremony, well, you have to pay for it.But I am glad to see that Mr.Sherson, the author of this book, hasalso been a little bit lured. For, whilehe writes of the lost theatres, he likesto put in a word or two about theactors, the plays, and even the scene- ries and lighting effects and of allthese he writes with a certain affectionso that one is not bored, and one iseven pleassed.Of Lady Archie Campbell I wouldhave liked to have read something for Mr. Sherson drifts into the worldof Amateur Theatricals, Of the GreekPlay at Hengler's Circus a word mighthave been said: of Terry's Theatrethere is not enough. I looked out forthese, because I am always looking out for things which strike the great writersof the age as worthy to record butwhich lesser men seem even unable tolook up in the British Museum,But then a dozen other things aretold us which, wanting this book, wehad never heard of. To the AlexandraTheatre, Highbury Barn, is given morethan two pages, whereas Mr. Baker(1904) in his book on London Thea- tres only gave it four and a half lines.There are thirty-nine excellent illu- strations in this volume and few of themhave been seen before by the Public.We also get some very entertaininganecdotes about Fechter* and Ada IsaacsMenken, which do try to make up forthe absence of the architectural factssome of us wish to learn more about.But should a book on theatres be onlyhalf a book so as to make room foractors ? — that's the point. I confess iwant it free of everything but factsabout the places.... for after all I canget the other things in the Biographies, THE JEW IN DRAMA, by M. J.Landa. King. /2/6 ne/,DISRAELI .... He was a Hebrew.He would sit at his table toyingwith his many golden - chains, flickingthe dust of Piccadilly off his red da- mask waistcoat, that dust which floa- ted in so mildly at the window as hesat writing, and he would say kindthings of the west-enders. But whenhe passed beyond thoughts of theseand disappeared in the dust of Syria,we could still hear his voice singing ofIsrael, and it is that we stopped andstill stop to listen to.And coming back again we wouldfind him, say, in St. James's, and withhim a certain Sidonia: — everyoneasks who is he ? — Is he a foreignpotentate — is he a prince ? — :u Something like them " — said littleBenjamin — " one of our travellers.Yes, our Mr. Sidonia ". The veryleast was noble.So that to be put off with old clo'men, whether in Parliament or in theTheatre, by these later times, is to bedone once more.I object a little to that. And Icannot for a moment tolerate the no- tion which Mr. Landa suggests in hisably made book, that we are all tostand delighted before the comic parodyof Abraham, David and Jesus Christ;Suppose that a descent from the su- blime be inevitable, we need not fallplumb down from Mount Horeb intothose plains where Mr. Zangwill roamsgathering up the bits. In fact, thedescent is not precipitous at all.,., and we can slowly descend these graduasiopes meeting hundreds of great menof whom Sidonia, one of the least ofthem, was so very proud.Mr. Landa thinks that the Jew hasbeen badly treated by the stage ; butno worse than the valet, that heroicfigure with his heroic faults; he whois nearly always made out to be arogue. It was not the nature of thevalet that the dramatist found so use- ful : it was his situation. There hewas, always ready to help his master ;how ? by acting like his honou- rable peer ?... heaven forbid ; thatwould get nowhere, and the worldwould be bored. But when made toact like a rascal, to cheat, to blunder,to save the situation, then, putting ona cloak which fell from some airychariot, he became transformed, bril- liant, impossible, victorious, and withone tap on the ground up sprang thematerial proofs of a spiritual world,and that was all right.Shall the Jew appear before a Chri- stian world plastered with Christianvirtues ? Shall he so parade Jewishvirtues that the very hero of the playbecomes the villain ? This appallingnotion, thank heaven, was resisted byour sensible dramatists who prepared tomake something out of the situation inwhich they found the Jew that comic,tragic moment of lending on interest.And it is comic and it is tragic.Here is a subtle person acting likea ridiculous Christian would act shouldhe ever or hardly ever allowavarice to get the better of him.But the Jew cannot let well alone :he can not resist the humour of thesituation,.... this masquerade of his:he makes fun of himself in this roleand we fail to twig it.Does Moli&amp;re draw a Jew in his44 L'Avare " ?... No, he shows us anoble Christian.Mr. Lancia hasn't a leg to standon. Fancy demanding justice for theJew : as well demand it for theMahometan or the American ; yet Mr.Landa demands justice. Justice !What a lot of nonsense.Admiration and appreciation for theJew, when he soars among the immensefigures of his race : but when he talksabout 44 pounds of flesh " and forgetseven to send one a Christmas card,let alone a ten shilling tip for the maid,then, since he is parodying our wes- • tern world, let us laugh and bait him,. and hey for a bit of a rag.&gt; It's not the Jew one rags; it s the» funny fact that he has managed toi forget to give.! One of my very best friends is a Jew : a man of perfect education, ofgreat talent, attractive, and one of myparticular admirations.Once we lingered talking by theedge of a lake, leaning on the wallwhich divided us from the water. Itwas some years ago, and at the time1 did not sport a gold watch chain :besides, at that time, in France, weseldom were seen with gold chains butwore black silk ribbons.My friend had a fob of black silkwith golden buckle and straps, and Istopped in our talk to admire it. Hetold me that he would give me onejust like it: .... he was going to Parisin a month's time and to the Rue dela Paix he assuredly would go to getjust such a chain for me.To this day he has forgotten it.Now one does not forget such vi- vid little facts ; the mere cost will fixit for ever in one's memory, besides thedelights (if we have delight in giving)will keep returning to jog one's memory.I know because I happen to becomic in the other way I delighttoo much in giving things to people Iesteem. But not so my old friend inParis: he has forgotten.... he justforgot on principle. On Ararat onedoes not play with trinkets.... and Inow know that this sentimentality ofmine about gold chains and keepsakeswas all fraudulent hypocricy.For if our friends who are Jewsforget to give us little pounds, lessershillings and non-existent watch-chains,they give us so much more than mostothers do or can in bringing themselvesto our lands. Whether in Italy orin England, in France or Germany,when we want some wisdom, somewit, some inspiration, some work ofart, it is very very often a waste oftime to look for it from the sons ofEuropa : we call to the East, for thereit is in abundance.Mr. Landa, you are doing the oldtrick you are making fun of yourself.WE can recommend everyone inte- rested in tha Court Theatre ofthe reign of Charles II and in InigoJones's and John Webb's designs toturn to an interesting account by WilliamGrant Keith published in the " Archi- tectural Review London, February1 925, and illustrated by ten reproduc- tions, two of which, by kind per- mission, we reprint in this number of" The Mask ". We hope that Mr.Keith will publish an exhaustive accountof this playhouse in a volume not toolarge nor too costly.Such monographs upon our few im- portant playhouses are much needed. MAGAZINES. CONCERNIN THE VALUEOF THE CINEMATOGRAPHTO EDUCATION. e. g. c. 44 The value of Cinematographto education is now increasingly realisedby the Western countries ", writes Mr.M. V. Subrahmanyam, M. A., L. T.,Lecturer in History, C. M. College,Tinnevelly, in the 44 Educational Re- view India.€J 44 The influence of the cinema- tograph on modern education couldnot be denied, and the role of the ci- nematograph, provided it were welldirected, might be an excellent onewrites Professor Gilbert Murray.The influence of the cinemato- graph is a wretched one and its valuedoubtful, write I.After a long seance in the dark,full of memories of Mae Marsh whichassuredly strengthen the weak points inhis researches into the 4 4 Poetical rhythmsof American speech " what a help toany young University man it will be,when in the midst of the intricacies ofthe History of the San Marino Republic,to be able to have things all clearedup for him by Half hours with Dou- glas Fairbanks : what a pity thatwhen an actor wants some help in hisparticular branch of education, he aloneof all the scholars will find in the Ci- nema nothing to be of the slightest useto him. But as the world is nowbecoming right side up once more andlosing its topsy turveydom, thank Heaven,he will be able to derive all the helphe needs by a course of Sanskrit atthe London College of Music.44 Provided it were well directed "the Cinema would cease to attract....and so would take on another existencea less hectic one, i think.It appeals because it is not educa- tive, is not suspected by its lovers tobe exerting any influence. Let but afaint suspicion arise in the heart of thepassionate devotee that it is becomingand the Movies will misshim from their pleasant gatherings.His place will soon be filled by anearnest student, and I do not think thereally earnest student will fare badlyor be at all affected by the poison. It'sthe kind of relaxation he needs, looksfor, but dare not openly indulge in.But should he be sucked into the gullyhe will sink encouraged by theheartening words of Mr. M. V. Su- brah manyam. 44 The value of Cinema- tograph to Education He is gone.I fear we do not see him coming up again, EDITORIAL NOTES. A CORRECTIO WE regret that in our last numberwe attributed the authorship of"Who's Who in the Theatre" (Pitman)to Mr. John Palmer instead of to Mr.John PARKER.Mr. PARKER is one of those un- common men who devote themselvesto the Theatre, and, in the teeth of op- position, he produces what seems to bea book without any possible success init; . ..a book of dates and records ;» Dull as ditch-water " says youngHopeful of that immense plajdiouse,the Pessimist Theatre.Mr. PARKER then makes this hooka great success.No theatrical manager, no critic, noable journalist can do without it. Itsaves hixn from making a hundred mis- takes in the course of a year. Oncein his possession he can never, forexample, take Parker to he Palmer.If he is an American impresario who hascome over to Europe fully purposedto engage M. and his troupe,he discovers from the book that thatvery up-to-date star died in 1763.It *s true that he died in 1773, butthe main thing to make cLar to anAmerican manager is that the man isdead, and that we know it, and thathe cannot be disturbed.We think, by the way, that if Mr.Parker could find space to enterMoliere as 44 actor " as well as dra- matist it would be of added value tohis already valuable book. THE article on the Calderon Stagetogether with the copy of the draw- ing from the National Library ofMadrid are the work of Herr KlausRichter whose inte est in and know- ledge of the stage is not merely thatof the clever artist and historian. Hehas been an actor, and his scenic workfor the stage was amongst the mostbrilliant in the International Exhibitionin Amsterdam and London 1920-21.He is undoubtedly one of the soun- dest of tbe German group; his workpossesses a charm which does not tire. THE NEW SHAKESPEAREMEMORIAL THEATRE.... ANDAMERICA. A LETTER FROM CALIFORNIA. Yours trulyA. R. CAMPBELL. DE4R Sir:A friend returning from Florencehas given to me 44 The Mask " for April,knowing that I would enjoy having soattractive a magazine in my hand.1 must express to you the keen plea- sure which its beauty has given me, andhow interesting I find its contents.As an American, however, I particu- larly sympathize with you in your Edi- torial Note on the new theatre at Stratford.You were quite clear that the Americansshould have nothing to do with it, butyou made no suggestions as to preventingthem : and I am writing to you to ask44 How are we to clear them out of it?"When committees arrive from EuropeasKitig for help to restore buildings inEngland, in France, and in Belgium, theAmericans will give. Already contribu- tions are being sought for the StratfordTheatre, and I am afraid the mischief iswell under way. Of course Americanswould feel Shakespeare was big enoughto let even them sit at his feet (as ano- ther great man preached also to theGentiles) and they would want to showin small measure what he is to themThey would hope, too, to express to theBritish what they have been to Americansin their great gift of Literature: in theirHistory, and in themselves as a peopleof truth, courage, and those qualitieswhich make them the best type of menin the world today. The Americans feelall this: but they are also busy workingout their own destiny, and are perhapstoo unconscious that they in turn, arenot being idealized by other nations.They give because it is their habit; andunless you can suggest some definite wayof prevention, they will be helping tobuild the Theatre in spite of us. Pasadena, Cal. fKSBnMMMMMMMHEMBSMMMHMnBMBnHnaMMMW VI I'lIM lIMBBIHI ll«MUM»BW»THE MASK REPLIES- DEAR Sir, —or Madam?It is obvious that you think we aretoo critical, (impertinent even), to Ame- ricans when we call on England to dothe Shakespeare work without them.But you write so drily and with somuch charm that you reveal once morehow comfortable is your land;—only acomfortable land sprawling at ease, andso far away too, (even from a few reali- ties) could be so indifferent to the thingsgoing on in ours. It's a tight littleIsland—our old England—and we have agreat love for it as it is ; and perhapsare over-eager not to see it developAmericanism, ....not, depend on Americafor its luxuries. Shakespeare, for example.If you were in England, if you hadlived there, for thirty years, worked inthe Theatre there, seen the growing in- difference towards the ShakespeareanDrama, realized that England neededsomething—some event—to act as a spurto its indifference to our poet, you wouldhave rejoiced on hearing of that fire atStratford.44 At last " you would have said (aswe did) 44 at last England will turn andlook at Shakespeare and feel something, will be moved to do something, and pro- perly ".She does very properly in, to speakmodestly, ninety-seven cases out of ahundred. Shakespeare and the DramaticArt stands for the ninety-eighth timewhere she gives at the knees.We did so look to see England eagerat last to do this little thing alone—andwe are cross that she failed.For some there are who tell us (andyou are too far off to hear of it) that,immediately on seeing the fire, Americansresiding at Stratford and in London, push- ed forward to stake out a claim in thismatter of reparation or reestablishment.Over eagerness is not always apt,is it ?Discretion and fine feeling wait toallow a man or a nation to recover byhimself or itself.No one can be more discreet nor havefiner feeling than many Americans; butevery fine American cannot be on thespot on every such occasion : and alas,the over pushful, those blind to old- fashioned niceties of feeling, are too oftenright there squatting ready for the boomand alive to the values of the reclame.You will, we hope, study this ques- tion of our old England and its forgottenpoet;—you will try and realize how 110use was made of him to cheer our landduring the war ; will note that for overthree hundred years no National Theatrehas been put up by us for his works ;will search our hearts and feel somethingof what we who love this poet feel; andyou too, we think, will sympathize withthose of us who want to see Shakespeareexempt from even the most loving cha- rity of the best of strangers, or the jol- liest of cousins. The Editor,P. S. To answer one of your directquestions:—The obvious way to wardoff that indiscreet boom-loving assistancealluded to above would be to make itquite clear that we have no need of anyassistance. It is, I admit, our fauK notto have done so.Whenever it is quite clear to Ame- ricans of that that no advantage,no reflected glory, no reclame awaitsAmerican support be it for some unknownpoet, be it for some living artist ofworth who objects to the American me- thods of boom, it is seen every day hownimble are Americans (of the flashy kind)to clear out of their own initiative toavoid every impulse to assist; to do no- thing and to do it magnificently. I amsure you know that this is so.If as you say a Committee has cometo your land from England askingfor helpfor the Shakespeare Memorial you shouldlet us all hear of that Committee. Weknowr that Englishmen worth their saltdo not countenance any such overtures.You should send that 44 Committee "back —but let us know of whom it iscomposed. AMERICAN CRITIC ADMITSGRAVE DANGER AVERTED.i ■■■MiswiMCTBWwwwwwi mm muaammm14 There was a time, not long ago,when it seemed as though the scenicartist was about to become the all-powerfulforce in our Theatre. That time seemsto have passed J. F, Smith in TheStage Year Book 1926.So thaVs over, and Mr. Smith andail Americans eager not to lose their old percentages can breathe again. Butto think they ever got such a fatuousidea into their heads put it therethemselves.Still the picking the brains of the scenicartist..- delicious title,44 Scenic Artist "...still goes on. Twist and turn, prevaria- cate or lie, you all still prey on him. FINE REALITY. 1626.When Mr. George Sampson tells usthat 44 Coleridge was an exampleof high imagination divorced from rea- lity " and that 44 he fled from reality allhis life " whereas Shakespeare u neversundered from reality " we must recallthat Shakespeare lived in Elizabeth'sage of adventure, Coleridge in the su- blime age of George 111 and George IV.William Blake also lived then andfled bolted from that 44 reality ".Byron too popped over to Italy andwrote 44 Don Juan O LONDON 1926. OChaliapine at the close of the prologuein '4 Mephistopheles n put two diabo- lical fingers in his mouth as if he were cal- ling a cab and uttered a piercing whistle." Who — who but Chaliapine woulddare to do such a thing " said the flut- tered hearts of the Londoners.This whistling, as the 14 EveningStandard " points out, is a long estab- lished piece of business. Others add44 written down in Boito's score Butas all the world knows Goethe a hundredyears before him had underlined the bitof business. In the second part of Faustyou find it, and Goethe took it from thepuppet play. Reality. George Sampson. 44 If 44 The Ancient Mariner " is tohold you with his glittering eye, youmust come to him young, or he will seemperilously like the Elderly naval man ofa different saga ". Yes, that's true. There really is somereality in remaining young. The Stage Year Book for 1926 is asinteresting as ever, and valuable as areference Book. What is not in 44 TheMask " is in 44 The Stage Year Book