East &amp; West 1 1 15 November 1899 naar_1899-11-15_01 East &amp; West 1 1 EAST &amp; WEST is published on the fifteenth of every month, at 1 Contents for November, 1899 1 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 The Unknown Country Jeannette Bliss Gillespy cre 3 Comments 3-5 Revealed Lulah Ragsdale cre 5 The Artist Gustav Kobbe cre 6-10 To My Brother on His Twelfth Birthday January 9, 1897 Joel Elias Spingarn cre 10-12 The Eclipse of Poetry Louise Betts Edwards cre 13-19 Holbein Robert Jermain Cole cre 19 An Epitaph Arthur Ketchum cre 20 Youth's Heritage Anne F. Wilson cre 21-27 The World-Play Richard Burton cre 27-28 The New York Theatre: A Foreword George C. D. Odell cre 28-31 Reviews 31-34; 36 Untitled Image Illustration 36 NEW NOVELS BY MR. WARNER AND MR. HOWELLS. THAT FORTUNE. RAGGED LADY. 31-32 RICHARD CARVEL. 32-33 THE FOWLER. 33-34 THE GREATER INCLINATION. 34 MEN'S TRAGEDIES. 34 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 35 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 36 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 37 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 38 EAST&amp;WEST EAST &amp; WEST is published on the fifteenth of every month, at36 West 75th Street, New York, where all communications, whether to thebusiness or editorial departments, should be addressed. Manuscript will begladly received and carefully examined—but should in all cases beaccompanied by a stamped and addressed envelope for return—although inno case can the editors be responsible for unsolicited MSS. Price 20 cents; $2.00 a year Contents for November, 1899 THE UNKNOWN COUNTRY Jeannette Bliss Gillespy 1 COMMENTS 1 REVEALED Lulah Ragsdale 3 THE ARTIST Gustav Kobbe 4 TO MY BROTHER ON HISTWELFTH BIRTHDAY Joel Elias Spingarn 8 THE ECLIPSE OF POETRY Louise Betts Edwards 11 HOLBEIN Robert Jermain Cole 17 Arthur Ketchum 18 AN EPITAPH 18 YOUTH'S HERITAGE Anne F.Wilson l 9 THE WORLD-PLAY Richard Burton 25 THE NEWYORK THEATRE:A FOREWORD George C. D. Odell 26 REVIEWS 29 Copyright 1899—Entered at the Post-office at New York as second-class matter Hark! All You Who Buy Books and Pictures!YOU CAN BUY THEM AT WHOLESALE PRICES BY JOININGTHE NEW YORK CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETYwhich secures to its members special cut prices on books, pictures and magazines. For exampleour prices forRICHARD CARVEL \ QDAVID HARUM (_ 9o cents eachTHE KING'S MIRROR ( Published at $1.50(New Book by Anthony Hope) J uWe supply the cheapest books as well as sets in the finest bindings. Drop us a card, and wewill send full information.1. A COMPLETE LIST OF MAGAZINES AT SPECIAL PRICES2. SOME RETAIL STORES WHERE WE SECURE DISCOUNTS FOR MEMBERS3. HOW TO BECOME A MEMBER4. HOW TO SAVE MONEY ON ALL YOUR PURCHASESAddress ARTHUR H. HAHLO, ManagerTHE NEW YORK CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETY 139 Fifth Avenue, New York CityCONCERNING PICTURESWe have opened a branch store (retail) for pictures and illustrated books at 140 Fifth Avenue (corner 19thStreet), and invite you to inspect our assortment of fine arts, suitable forWEDDING AND HOLIDAY GIFTSranging in price from one dollar up. The stock includesREMARQUE PROOF ETCHINGS (after Meissonier, Millet, Jacque and Breton).ENGRAVINGSDRAWINGS (signed by C. D. GIBSON)ORIGINAL WATER COLORS (specimens by Palianti, pupil of Corot, and Percy Moran).PHOTOGRAVURES, PRINTS AND PHOTOGRAPHSORIGINAL SKETCHES by A. B. FROST, HENRY MAYER, WOOLF and others.We invite comparison between our prices and those of other fine-art dealers. THE BEST PORTRAITSOFAuthors ArtistsLawyers StatesmenKings and Queens MusiciansActors and Actresses Historical PersonagesCATALOGUE (Second Edition, RFREDERICK KEPPEL &amp; CO.20 East 16th Street, New York EAST &amp; WEST ADVERTISEMENTS EASTdWEST Volume I New York, November, 1899 Number 1 East &amp; West Revealed East &amp; West The Artist East &amp; West The Artist East &amp; West To My Brother East &amp; West The Eclipse of Poetry East &amp; West The Eclipse of Poetry East &amp; West The Eclipse of Poetry East &amp; West Holbein East &amp; West Youth's Heritage East &amp; West Youth's Heritage East &amp; West Youth's Heritage East &amp; West The World-Play East &amp; West The New York Theatre East &amp; West Reviews East &amp; West Reviews East &amp; West EAST &amp; WEST ADVERTISEMENTS EAST &amp; WEST ADVERTISEMENTS The Unknown Country Jeannette Bliss Gillespy By As one who, come at dawn 7ipon a hill]V\arking the confines of some unknown land,Vauses and looks abroad to tmderstandWhat lies before him, if or good or ill,Then drazvs the deep breath of the morning chill,Tightens his staff again within his hand,Straightens his shoulders, gives his soul command,And takes his march again with better will,—So /, upon the borders of the year,Pause to behold the ways zvhere I must go,And breathe the deep, clear breath of early day,Then down the slope of time, without a fear\Begin my march to meet the day s full glow,Eager to lose no moment of the way. ONE day in December of 1898,about the middle of their senioryear, two Columbia studentswho had grown retrospectiveover a lingering luncheon, came to theconclusion that they were both equallyeager to continue their literary and edi- torial labors beyond the academic walls.They had common ideals, and held com- mon views concerning the condition ofmagazine literature at the present dayin America. So, before leaving thetable, they reached the decision that im- mediately upon graduation, they wouldstart a periodical which should be de- voted to creative and critical literaturealong the line of their own views. With this plan in mind, they asked the advice ofcertain persons whose opinion theyrespected, and, finding encouragement,they went speedily to work. The firstresult of their labors, this initial numberof EAST AND WEST, now awaits the ver- dict of the public. The considerations that determined thecharacter of EAST AND WEST, and theintentions and aims of the editors, havealready been set forth at length in a pros- pectus, which many of our readers haveseen. For the benefit of those who havenot been thus prepared, we shall takethis opportunity to restate the more im- portant points. Comments It is a generally recognized fact that innearly all our periodicals, pure literatureis receiving less and less space and atten- tion, because of the journalistic and pic- torial tendencies now so conspicuous.The magazines are filled largely witharticles of a reportorial nature, with pict- ures, and with the work of scientific andpolitical specialists. Verse occupies forthe most part, in magazines that printpoetry at all, the subordinate and un- worthy place of stop-gap, and the fictionis recommended not infrequently by thename of the author rather than by anyreal merit it may possess. Although, ofcourse, the modern magazine, with itswealth of illustrations and variety of arti- cles, has a definite and important place ofits own, we believe that there are also aplace and a public for a magazine thatshall be entirely literary, containing well- written stories, good verse, both seriousand light, and essays of contemporaneousinterest. It is hoped that EAST ANDWEST will take this place among maga- zines. While EAST AND WEST will seek to ob- tain the very best American literarymaterial from every source, a specialendeavor will be made to interest theyounger writers in the present venture,and also to bring before the public thework of those who, as undergraduates,have done most to raise college literatureto the grade of excellence it has attainedof late years. It has been common in thepast to point out the small percentage ofcollege graduates among American menof letters. We feel convinced that thiswill be very different in the future, andthat college men are taking a larger sharein the nation's literature. EAST AND WEST will absolutely avoidthe faddish and decadent elements thathave lately been so prevalent. Whileseeking to be as vivacious and as gracefulas its brightest contemporaries, it will aimat being thoroughly sensible, honest, andin accord with the best standards and tra- ditions of English literature. In criticism it will try to be both progressive and con- servative, eager to recognize good in theliterature of the present, but careful notto be led astray by uncritical enthusiasmover mere cleverness and novelty. It will thus be seen that we have certainhopes and certain beliefs, and that wedeem these well worth the holding andthe striving for. We believe that litera- ture is worth while for its own sake, irre- spective of its commercial value, and that,to be truly successful, men must writewith this at heart. We hold it true, more- over, that honesty and sincerity of pur- pose are the keynotes to what is best inart as in life, and that whoever misusesthe opportunities of literature, equallywith him who misuses the opportunitiesof living, for ends lower than the highest,the satisfaction of his own moral andartistic consciousness, fails absolutely, inspite of present appearances and the skil- ful exercise of his talents. We hope thatthere are sufficient persons in sympathywith our aims, both in the writing and inthe reading world, to ensure the continu- ance of a magazine conducted on theselines. It has been intimated to us thatmany of our ideals will be knocked intoa cocked hat by the ruthless hand of ex- perience. Possibly. But, if so, we shallpick up the cocked hat, and wear it assmartly as may be, until the end of thechapter. Some of our early hopes andbeliefs may suffer beyond redemption,but we trust that the old fundamentalfaith in art and life will remain unbatteredand unchanged. In sending forth our magazine to makeits first appearance before the public weare strongly conscious of a feeling ofgratitude toward a large number offriends whose interest and kindness havebeen never-failing from the first. It isnow our high and very pleasurable privi- lege to make grateful acknowledgment ofthe obligations under which they have id us. The constant friendly acts andLvaluable advice of Professors George 2. Woodberry, Brander Matthews,George R. Carpenter, and A. V. Will- ams Jackson have meant very much tois who have older and firmer bonds thanleed here be dwelt upon, to bind us:o these gentlemen. The encouragingvords of Mr. Edmund C. Stedman canleither be fittingly acknowledged in aew printed lines, nor adequately repaid&gt;y them. We shall always remembervith pride that the hand which has done10 much for literature in America, made ruitful suggestions in the margin of ourrst prospectus. For the helpful courtesy&gt;f Professor E. R. A. Seligman, of Dr.dbert Shaw, and of Professor Harry"hurston Peck we would also expressur sense of deep indebtedness. Besides these, there are those whoseearly faith in us and in our project hasswelled our subscription list, thus helpingto make the magazine financially possi- ble ; and again, those inhabitants of thegreat World of Letters, whose cordialreception, heartily expressed good-will,and above all, generously proffered man- uscript, lead us to hope that EAST ANDWEST will take that place as a mediumfor the circulation of the best literature,that we desire for it. The confidence andkind consideration of all these will beamong our best incentives for achieve- ment. In conclusion, we would mentionfor his good services, Mr. H. I. Kimball,to whose admirable taste and valuableexperience the magazine owes much ofwhatever comeliness it may possess. Revealed Lulah Ragsdale By I n that wide silence of the Resurrection Morn,When, in my turn, I stand before the whiteSuspensive legions, suddenly reborn,bewildered from the grave And bare my earthly past before all eyes—I fear not then my Maker s wrath to see,I dread alone the shock of dazed surpriseAnd wonder that your face will turn on me. The Artist Gustav Kobbe By JT JB~ IT HAT is art," he said, " butt/t/ loyalty to an ideal—throughF p disappointment, weariness, hun- ger, aye, even unto death! " Poor fellow! Who knew better thanI, who had endeavored to cheer him in hisdisappointment, how much he had suf- fered ? All he craved was appreciation ofhis art-work. I appreciated it, but Iseemed the only person' who did. Eventhe coterie of younger artists who wereprogressive in their way—certainly nobody of men could have progressed fur- ther in mutual admiration—were indif- ferent to his work. So was the public.He was sincerely grateful for my sympa- thetic interest, but it did not suffice him.He needed the stimulus which public rec- ognition alone can give. The hack work he did for a livelihood—water colors in perspective for archi- tects, in which he, an ultra-impressionistin art, was obliged to pay strict attentionto the most trivial minutiae—embitteredhis nature. The time thus spent in gain- ing his daily bread he regarded as miser- ably wasted—as time diverted from anideal the adoration of which filled hissoul and constituted his only creed. Art,and Art again; and Art yet a third timewas his divine trinity. Yet, between his hack work and hispainting there was a broad field of oppor- tunities that I had often urged him toutilize—illustrations, pictures for thedealers, and the like. But he would notlisten to me. When it came to art pureand simple it must be of the highest. Hewas willing to slave over commercialwork for a bare living, but art meant withhim nothing less than hot pursuit of hisideal; and from this nothing could swervehim. " I dread," he would say, " acquir- ing that fatal facility at turning out prettywork that has been the ruin of so many.The ease with which they are earninggood money and securing the comfortsof life has unfitted them for the trials anidealist—or call me ' fool' if you prefer—has to bear." He had ample reason that night to feelthe world's neglect most bitterly. Allthe time he could spare from his drudgerythat winter he had devoted to a paintingwhich he hoped would at last win recogni- tion for him; a hope in which I had stimu- lated him, for I followed the progress ofhis work with unstinted admiration. Itseemed as if he were dipping the brushinto his heart instead of into the palette;there was no over-elaboration; everytouch told; every stroke of the brush wasa stroke of genius. The subject of thepicture was most pathetic—a beggarlooking half-piteously, half-malignantlyafter a richly dressed woman who hadpassed him by unheeded. My friend hadpainted at this picture with fierce energy,living down to the barest necessaries soas to gain as much time as possible for hisart. The figures were masterpieces ofcharacterization. The beggar still stoodwith outstretched hand as if throughsheer force of habit. His look was a dra- matic mingling of appeal and invection ;for, as his eyes followed the woman whohad ignored him, the flash of malignhatred was but half veiled by the linger- ing remnant of supplication. The latterwas professional, the former real. Thefigure of the woman was also admirable.She was advancing, but, although in theforeground, she was purposely subordi- nated to the beggar. Her face was coldlybeautiful, her contour perfect, her car- riage erect. As if to emphasize her heartlessness, she held a purse. But inspite of her rich attire and her proud bear- ing there was a subtile suggestion ofmeretriciousness about her. I knew too well that when he was paint- ing this picture he was painting his ownlife in allegory. He was the beggar.She, the meretricious woman who passedhim by, was the world, the purchasableworld, purchasable in his opinion by anyone who cared to degrade himself to itslevel and cater to its tastes—who wouldstoop from art to mediocrity. Yet after- ward, when he himself told me what Ihad already divined, I felt bound to arguethat he had misrepresented himself. Hewas not a supplicant toward the world;he defied it. "As much/' I said to him," expect a passer-by to give alms to aman who stands erect and defiant as toyou." But, when I seized this oppor- tunity of advising him to meet the publichalfway, hinting at false pride in hisattitude, he flushed with anger andexclaimed: " The noblest quality mancan boast is what the world calls ' falsepride.' " He had adapted the old motto,Noblesse oblige, to Genie oblige. His hopes had been greatly raised bythe acceptance of this painting for one ofthe spring exhibitions. We had justcome from " varnishing night" at thegalleries. There we had seen artists busywith their brushes accentuating certainpoints in their canvases or toning downothers according as the light in whichthey hung or the color schemes of theneighboring paintings affected theirs;art patrons strolling through the gallerieswith a self-satisfied air as if they had de- luded themselves into belief that theycould acquire by purchase the genius aswell as the canvases of the artists whosepictures they bought; critics, some ofwhom were endeavoring to look as ifthey constituted the court of last resortin the art concerning which they had beendelegated to write;—but we had notfound the painting until after a longsearch. When we entered the gallery in whichour catalogue told us it hung, we allowedour eyes to wander slowly over the paint- ings "on the line." My friend's paintingwas not a large canvas and to be appreci- ated required a near-by view. This fact,coupled with what we supposed to be itsmerits, led us to look for it in a positionworthy of these. But the position ofhonor was occupied by a rural scene witha cow painted in what may be called the" official " style,' for it was the work ofone of the officers of the society whichwas holding the exhibition. It was exe- cuted with photographic detail that defiedall attempt to look at the canvas as awhole, the eye being constantly distractedby minutiae. Thus the hairs at the endof the cow's tail had been painted with anenthusiasm as touching as it was inar- tistic; and one could have counted everyblade of grass in the foreground if onecould have afforded the time. The onlyreason that could be assigned for placingthe three canvases occupying the advan- tageous spaces above and alongside thepicture just referred to, was the fact thatthey had been painted by members of thehanging committee; so at least we hearda young artist, who was standing behindus, say. Finally, our eyes, as they wanderedfrom canvas to canvas, fell upon the pict- ure we were in search of—in the mostremote corner of the gallery, " skied "where the light was poorest, a corner inwhich it seemed to us a painting by thegreatest artist who ever lived would havebeen lost sight of. My friend grasped my arm, gave it aspasmodic clutch and then turning, de- scended the stairs and walked into thestreet. I joined him, allowing him, how- ever, to choose the way. We hurriedalong in silence, he taking no notice of mypresence. The coolness of the nightseemed grateful to him and so we walkedon and on, up the avenue into which wehad turned and down again until, whenwe were abreast the entrance of the Rain- bow Inn, a favorite resort with us artists,I took his arm and led him in. The Rainbow Inn was a cosey place. Itwas a tap-room and grill where you couldcall for ale, stout, barley-wine and stingoon draught; could have a brace of chopsor a thick, juicy steak off the gridiron,and get trusted for them besides; so thatthe proprietor was regarded by the ar- tists, who were the principal patrons ofthe place, as a guardian angel of Bohemia.Little tables and comfortable chairs wereset about the grill, and the panelled wallswere hung with canvases contributed bygrateful artists. Somehow it seemedless objectionable to see one's pictures ac- cumulating here than in one's studio. It was here my friend exclaimed afterhis bitter experience of the evening:" What is art, but loyalty to an ideal—through disappointment, weariness, hun- ger, aye, even unto death! " He had thrown himself back into hischair. His excitement had driven twocrimson spots to his cheeks, and the fireof genius flashed in his eyes. But a mo- ment later when he leaned forward againthe spots faded away, the light in his eyeshad grown dim, and he said dejectedly: " And what is the artist's reward? Tobe ridiculed, or, what is worse, overlookedaltogether. His only compensation isthe consciousness that he has borne un- flinchingly the sufferings which he hasimposed upon himself by his loyalty tohis ideal." " Does the chance of winning famecount for nothing? " I asked. " Fame! Chance! " he repeated afterme. " That's the villainy of it. It's allchance. Think of the actor whose famedates from the hit he made as the hindlegs of a cow in a burlesque! What hasbecome of the front legs of that cow?The hind legs got the chance to kick andprance; the front legs didn't. Ticklethat many-headed ass, the public, andyou're famous. Get down to the level ofthe public, and your fortune's made.What has the genius of art in common with the cheap sestheticism of the day?Prettiness, superficial, and easily recog- nizable, has thrust real beauty into thebackground. The soubrette can drawcrowded houses while the tragedienneplays to empty seats. Down, down,down to the public's level, and you arefamous! " " But isn't fame with posterity worthstriving for? " " When Cherubini was on his death- bed some one asked that same question,and the great composer replied: 'At atime like this poor jokes are out of place.'Posthumous fame is of value only to thediscoverers: to those who discover thatan artist, neglected during his life, was agenius. They have both the zest of thediscovery and the aesthetic pleasure overbeauty which would, but for them, re- main undiscovered. They may add totheir enjoyment by erecting a monumentto one to whom, during his life, the pub- lic refused even a stone. But the artistdoes not see it; he does not hear theirwords of praise. He died in bitternessand despair; and there is nothing left ofhim but a few bones in a box. Some dayI shall write a catechism for artists, andthe first question and answer will be: " ' Q. What must an artist do to be- come great? A. Die.' And I shall add asa supplementary beatitude: ' Blessed arethey that expect nothing, for they shallnot be disappointed/ " I had no desire to enter into a religiousargument with a man who in religiousmatters was as severe a realist as he wasan idealist in art. Moreover, he neededsympathy, not doctrine. So I simplysaid: " What remedy is there except tostruggle on ? " " As a first remedy/' he answered, " Iwould suggest never to have been born.I am a communist if only for the reasonthat we are born without being in theslightest degree responsible for our birth.Having, without any choice in the matter,been brought into the world, we are ex- pected to bear up bravely under all theills of life. If a man gives up the fightand kills himself, he is put down as in- sane. Yet, it seems to me, suicide is of- ten striking evidence of a man's sanity.His birth having been a cruel wrong, hetakes the simplest method of righting it—of resting from the battle of life in thesleep of death! " Forgetting my resolve, I quoted: "To die,—to sleep,—to sleep! per- chance to dream! Aye, there's the rub." After a moment's reflection he said, bit- terly : " I may be mistaken in believingthere is no future life, but I hope I amnot. This life has already been almostmore than I can bear." He relapsed into a moody silence, andafter a while rose to go. I was too ac- customed to these attacks of melancholyto consider this more than a mere passingdepression of spirits caused by his disap- pointment at having found the canvas, inwhich his hopes were centred, hungwhere its merits could not be recognized.It was after midnight when we reachedthe gray, gloomy, fortress-like buildingin which he had his studio—if the con- tracted space in which he lived could bedignified by that name. Part of thebuilding, which faced a public park, wasused for educational purposes; and tothis portion there was a broad entrance.But the occupants of the studios enteredthrough a low, narrow door, opening onthe side street. Our footsteps on theflagstone floor of the dark hall re-echoedthrough the corridors; as if phantomswere hastily fleeing into the gloom beforeus. We went up several flights of stairs,and then walked along the upper hall toone of the turrets and ascended a windingstairway. His was the top room in thisturret. Scant as was its furniture—aneasel, a couch, a chair, a table, and a wash- stand—it seemed crowded. He had de- nied himself even those little comfortswhich often make a studio an oasis in theartist's barren life. On the table was theonly book he owned, a volume of Poe's poems. When he turned from his workit was to them, for, next to his art, headored them. As we entered he took upthe volume, and, throwing himself uponthe couch, opened it at random and beganreading aloud from " The ConquerorWorm." He read the last verse withtragic emphasis: Out—out are the lights—out all!And, over each quivering form,The curtain, a funeral pall,Comes down with the rush of a storm,And the angels, all pallid and wan,Uprising, unveiling, affirmThat the play is the tragedy " Man,"And its hero the Conqueror Worm. When my friend had finished readinghe let the book drop face down upon thefloor. I had never seen him look so de- jected as he lay there brooding over hismisfortune. That poem summed up hisghastly philosophy of life and death, ofweariness and disappointment—" TheTragedy Man/'—and at the end the" Conqueror Worm." There was nocheering him. He was in no mood tospeak or listen; a mutual slight pressureof the hand was our only adieu. It was late when I awoke the nextmorning. After breakfast at the Rain- bow Inn, I took up the daily newspa- per which employed the most trustworthyart critic in order to ascertain his firstimpression of the exhibition as seen on"varnishing night." I had read but a fewlines when my friend's name greeted myeyes, and I found a notice of his paintingwhich was more than appreciative. Thecritic evidently considered that he hadcome suddenly upon a new genius in art,and he wrote with the enthusiasm of adiscoverer. Had the picture been hungon the line, and in the best possible light,I could not have asked for a ftiore sym- pathetic criticism. It was a notice thatwould make a sensation. I thought before taking the paper tothe little studio where such deep melan- choly had reigned the previous night, Iwould stop at the building where the ex- hibition was held, and observe if the pict- ure could be seen more advantageouslyby day than at night. It was now noon,and the exhibition had been open threehours. As I entered the gallery I saw anadmiring group before the canvas; and alittle card in one corner announced thatthe picture had already found a pur- chaser. I inquired his name at the desk.He was one of the most intelligent andliberal art patrons. With his patronagemy friend's career was assured. Minewas to be the joy of announcing to himhis release from drudgery! When, after bounding up the stair- cases, taking two steps at a time, even onthe narrow stairway in the turret, I triedhis door to find it locked, my disappoint- ment was very great. Turning to theslate that hung at his door to write thehappy message upon it, I saw for the firsttime that he had written in large letters," Out." When I took up the pencil to write my message, I noticed further thathe had followed this word with othersscattered here and there over the slate,and in varied and outre letters; and I wasstartled, as I put the words together, toread: Out—out are the lights—out all! Instinctively I knew something terriblehad happened. Gathering all mystrength I broke open the door. Theheavy curtain at the window shut out thelight. Only just enough came in fromthe hall to show me the dim outlines of aform upon the couch. I drew the cur- tain. The face, pale and motionless up- on the pillow; the arm hanging limp fromthe couch; the empty phial upon the floor—told the story. There still lay openupon its face the book of poems as hehad dropped it; and I seemed to hear hisvoice reading as he had read the nightbefore: . . . the play is the tragedy " Man,"And its hero the Conqueror Worm. To My Brother on His Twelfth Birthday January 9, 1897 Joel Elias Spingarn By Dearest, once more is winter here,With dizzy flakes of snow, and frost,To crown you with another year,And warn you how the days are lost.The biting air is fresh and sweet,And from my room I see belowThe ermine mantle o'er the street,The window-ledges rimmed with snow,And you once more at eager play,Where, wet with rime, the snow-house stands—Once more the snow-man of a day,Once more the snowball in your hands ;And romps of many a by-gone year,My share in all your grief and joy, And prospects unfulfilled, endearThe sight of my beloved boy ;Whilst ere I know, my idle brainIs searching hidden memories,Like sparrows gathering seed and grainSnow-hidden under shivering trees ;Till all that has been in the pastCasts shadows of the fate to be :Delight, that cannot always last,And hope, that cannot always see.And what may yours and mine be ? No,This is no time for such a dream ; .Ho w swift life bears us you will know,When you are eddying on the stream ;And why should these things trouble you,Who yet are safe from wind and wave ?There is enough for you to doIn being sweet and true and brave ;For now, though you can hardly know,Your happy soul is being whirledThrough battles with yourself for foe,Before the battle with the world ;•And you—I have no slightest fearBut you will conquer in the fight :Such victories make the hero, dear,—A nobler one than errant knight,Or swaggering soldier. You will learnThat Siegfried, Roland, Agrican,Or Lancelot, men laugh to scorn ;The world cares only for a man.But let these thoughts not burden you ;Youth fights the victories of youth ;Now sweeter, slighter joys will do,—Some boyish, wildcap prank, in truth.Oh, but your eye gleams gay and wild ;I see the happy light, and say,'Thank God that makes a child a child ! "And join you in the snow at play. But now that you have grown so old—For are you not twelve years to-day?Forgive me, dear, for being bold,And saying what I used to sayWhen you were not yet four feet nine,And knew not Latin, French, and all;But still the duty must be mine,Though you have grown so old and tall; And these few flowers of love I bring,To show you life with love impearled—Yea, love, the only perfect thing,In this our most imperfect world ;And if an older brother's rightTo love and teach you year by yearBe challenged as the years take flight,I still may say, " God bless you, dear ! "I still may take you by the hand,And point to where the swallows fly,And say: " Take comfort; understand;For oh, the heavens are so high ! "And vou will know that earth is wide,✓ 7And weary, it may be, but knowThat men may on the whirlwind ride,And soar beyond the sunset glow.But ah, why should I shadow youWith secrets of the future year ?Forget them all, whate'er ensue ;Life's turmoil, cynic scoff and sneer,Glib wisdom of the shop and streetCome but too soon. Be young and gay ;Be brave and joyous ; taste the sweetYouth only gathers by the way.But when the voice of duty calls,As it will call, obey the voice ;Go leave the dear old college walls,Assume the office of your choice ;For in our great Republic here,Where all are royal, know this thing :Each man, whatever be his sphere,To play his part, must be a king ;And you, sweet prince, now life is fair,Should scale the morning heights of joy,Should love the lovely, everywhere,And prove yourself a royal boy.And I, who love you more than wordOr kiss can tell you, send you this,A birthday greeting, for the birdThat far off comes with summer's bliss,And sings a song you cannot hear ;A birthday greeting, for the flowerThat slumbers in the meadows, dear,And cannot grace this happy hour ;A birthday greeting, for the starThat shall to-night burn in the blue,And whisper, " Oh, how glad we areThat we can shine to-night on you ! " The Eclipse of Poetry Louise Betts Edwards By T the beginning of the currentAjl year there came into the writ-JL er's hands a most significantlittle pamphlet. To say that itbelonged to the best-written and best-readclass of modern literature is another wayof saying that it was an advertisement—the announcement by the publishers of awell-known magazine of its menu for thecoming twelvemonth. No allurementsof art or typography were neglected, noadjectives were spared, to make it an ap- petizing foretaste; if the reader did notknow what distinguished artists andpopular authors, what discourse on topicsof current or perpetual interest, whatserial fiction and short stories, what solidarticles and essays, had been secured tominister to his intellectual pleasure, it washis own fault for laying down the cata- logue half read. Nothing could havebeen fuller than the table of contents, andnothing more remarkable than the quan- tity and. quality of the literary attractionsset forth, save one fact: From beginningto end of the pamphlet, though it wassearched for as diligently and almost astearfully as Esau sought place for re- pentance, there was no mention of sucha form of literary composition as poetry.No poet's name or portrait figured in thelist of distinguished contributors; nopoem was heralded among the " brilliantfeatures/' nor, to be exact, heralded at all. The omission would seem less signifi- cant, and perhaps less melancholy, if themagazine in question did not publishpoetry at all. But publish it it does, and,as the March Hare sorrowfully remindedthe Hatter, "it was the best butter "; thecream of the present poetical output,churned into the best-approved shapes and sizes, and stamped with such manu- facturers' names as command most re- spect, being always on its table for thosewho care for it. But one of those start- ling straws that determine the wind's di- rection is the editor's or publisher's con- viction that no one did care enough for itto make it worth talking about. Hesimply spread the feast and said, " Come,for all things are ready," serenely satis- fied that no guest would make particularinquiry about what would once have beenan important and highly relished course.Even in the days when Taggart tookthose famous pinches of snuff and said," Poetry, sir—poetry is a drug in themarket! " matters had not come to quiteso desperate a pass. Intelligent peoplemight have begun to ask, What is to be- come of the poet? but they did not ask,as we must to-day, What has become ofthe poet? Who has killed Cock Robin? There is material for a far longer arti- cle than this in the attempt to deny hisdeath, and I leave it to the handful ofstrenuously optimistic people who, be- cause they read poetry, like poetry, and—usually—write poetry, imagine theyare the whole world. If not dead, he atleast shows no signs of life—the littlebright-breasted bird who, ever since theworld was a little tiny boy, has contented- ly fed on its charitable crumbs or onworms of his own scratching, and in re- turn amused it with his light fantasticcapers, roused sighing envy for those deli- cate wings that any careless boy couldbreak in mid-air with a stone, cheered itout of its sulks, and comforted it out ofits despair with his sweet, shrill promiseof an ending winter and a coming spring.Glib testimonials are forthcoming from everywhere, from those who saw him die,who caught his blood, who sewed hisshroud—the curious Fly, the cold-bloodedFish, the insensate Beetle. We are toldthe twentieth-century atmosphere isdeadly to poets, and should not believeit, did we not see it. The most convincing and amazingproof of the change is to read the history,correspondence, records of all sorts, ofany century since the Renaissance saveour own, and note what a commotionthere was over the Poet and the Poem!Christine of Pisan supported her familyon doggerel which had not then, as now,the sole interest of being written in OldFrench. The Florentine children maderound eyes at Dante, not primarily becausehe had been to Hell, not secondarily be- cause he was a great poet, but simply be- cause he was a poet. Cervantes made thepages of his masterpiece hideous with for- gotten quotations from, and allusions to," famous " poets of his day—a day whenpoetry was poetry, as to children cake iscake, whatever its shortcomings. The ac- complished Mrs.Dunlop joyfully reportedto Robert Burns, and patiently copied forhim, any brief ditty or tedious tragedy,any inspired bumpkin of the neighbor- hood might produce, and he as joyfullyreceived and as patiently read them.And, to come heart-breakingly close toour own times, there were contemporariesof James Russell and Maria White Low- ell who sincerely believed the allowanceof the divine afflatus evenly shared be- tween husband and wife, because Mrs.Lowell had written a couple of quite sweetand touching poems on the death of chil- dren. There are also straws showing howstrongly the wind once blew the otherway. The most complete proof of all,perhaps, is that we ourselves feel a secretconviction that all these ardently appreci- ative people were fools. They may havebeen—those whose tastes differ from oursusually are fools; for their taste was forpoetry, and their eagerness for the precious metal so keen that they wouldpainstakingly assay the most unpromis- ing nugget for the sake of the potentialgrain of gold-dust. So, after all, who has killed CockRobin ? The hallowed custom is toblame the critics; everyone does that, eventhe poet, who being dead yet speaketh, insepulchral tones denouncing his murder- er, or issuing in his presence fresh blood- drops, on which the critic, a patient coro- ner, must sit afresh in judgment: " ' Forone so much wounded/ observed SanchoPanza, ' this young man talks a greatdeal/ " As (aggrieved authors to the contrary)the critics are human, it is possible thatwhere so much blame is lying aroundloose some of it must be lawfully theirs,and I would not intentionally defraudthem of one tittle of it. A foreign journalrecently remarked that the naval historyof Spain was a history of notable disas- ters; it might similarly be said that thecritical history of the world is a history ofnotable blunders—from the manuscriptof Fitzgerald's " Rubaiyat," lying dustyand despised in the office of Fraser'sMagazine, to the solitary raptures of re- viewers over the verses of the late FrancisSaltus; from the poison-tipped arrowsthat transfixed poor Keats's faint heartto the genial predictions, anent " Poemsof Two Brothers," of a poetical future forFrederick Tennyson. In truth and sober- ness no one, even in the days of Keats,ever died of what Burns curses as " theblasting depredations of a canker-toothedcaterpillar Critic "; and in these peacefultimes their sins lie not so much along theline of slaughtering the innocents as oftolerating the guilty. The most surpris- ing thing to be noticed in the critic'scolumn is his unstrained mercy towardmushroom bardlets; he passes gently overerrors, he passionately extols any strayexcellences, he hopes all things* believesall things, endures all things, in the nameof poetry. Nothing could be more in- structive, as showing the change which has come over the attitude of the critic ofpoetry—and also over the accepted defi- nition of poetry—than the comments ofno less revered an authority than theLondon Spectator on Mr. Stephen Phil- lips's poem, " The Woman with the DeadSoul." I have selected this poem becauseit has attracted as much attention andwon about as much praise as any recentcomposition in verse form. Citations arenearly always invidious as comparisonsare odious. I will therefore quote in theentirety what the Spectator calls " a finebut intensely painful" poem, one whichis worked out " in a lofty sense of imag- ination," and " helps to stir the nation'sheart," and whose author has " madeevery phrase sound with the ring of truegold." The author less pretentiouslylabels it "An attempt to render imag- inatively a modern tragedy. The horrorof the tragedy lies in the combination ofdeath within and neatness without, so of- ten to be seen in our great cities." THE WOMAN WITH THE DEAD SOUL. Allured by the disastrous tavern-light,Unhappy things flew in out of the night;And ever the sad human swarm returned,Some crazy-suffering, and some half-burned,Amid the thwarted workmen, splashed withmire,And disillusioned women sipping fire,Slow-tasting bargainers amid the flareAnd lurid ruminators, I was 'wareOf that cold face from which I may not run—Which even now doth stab me in the sun.The face was of a woman that, alone,Sat sewing; a white liquor by her shone.Speckless, arranged, no single braid awry,Prepared and combed, she stitched incessantly.She turned her eyes on me ; all blank theyshone,Like windows opposite the peer of dawn.So cold her gaze that I bowed down my head,Trembling ; it seemed to me that she wasdead,And that those hands mechanically went—As if the life that to her limbs was lent,Subsiding in her, was not wholly spent.You who have wailed above the quiet clayThat on the bed, unrecognizing, lay,Yet think how I stood mourning by the sideOf her who sat, yet seemed as she had died— Cold, yet so busy ; though so nimble, dead ;Whose fingers ever at the sewing sped.I spoke with her, and in slow terror guessedHow she, so ready for perpetual rest—So smoothly combed, and for the ground pre- pared,Whose eyes already fixed beyond me stared—Could sidle unobserved, and softly glideAmid the crowd that wist not she had died.Gently she spoke; not once her cheek grewpale,And I translate the dreadful, placid tale.She with a soul was born; she felt it leapWithin her ; it could wonder, laugh, and weep,But, like persistent rain on ocean blear,The days descended on her spirit drear;Life, an eternal want, in sky dead-gray,Denying steadily, starved it away ;London ignoring with deliberate stare,Slowly the delicate thing began to wear.She felt it ailing for she knew not what :Feebly she wept, but she could aid it not.Ah, not the stirring child within the wombHath such an urgent need of light and room,And hungry grew her soul; she looked around,But nothing to allay that famine found.She felt it die a little every day,Flutter less wildly, and more feebly pray ;Stiller it grew—at times she felt it pull,,Imploring thinly something beautiful;And in the night was painfully awake,And struggled in the darkness till daybreak—For not at once, not without any strife,It died ; at times it started back to life.Now at some angel evening after rainBuilded like early Paradise again ;Or at some human face, or starry sky,The silent tremble of infinity,Or odour of strange fields at midnight sweet,,Or soul of summer dawn in the dark street.Slowly she was aware her soul had diedWithin her body, for no more it cried,Vexed her no more; and now monotonouslifeMore easy came—she was exempt from strife.Yet for a time more heavily and slowShe walked, and indolently worked, as thoughAbout with her she could not help but bringWithin her living body the dead thing.When I had heard her tell, without a tear,What now I have translated, in great fearToward her I leaned, and " O, my sister!"cried—" My sister !"—but my hand she put aside,Lest I her decent dress might disarray ;And so smiled on me that I might not stay.And I remembered that to one long deadI spoke. "No sound shall rouse her now," Isaid ; " Not Orpheus touching in the gloom his chord,Not even the special whisper that restoredPale Lazarus ; yet still she seems to run,And hurries eager in the noonday sun ;Industrious, careful, kempt, till she at last,Run down, inaccurate, aside is cast."While thus I whispered, and in wonder wildCould not unloose my gaze from her, the childPlucked at her dress, and the dead woman rose;Up to the mirror silently she goes,Lightly a loosed tress touched at her ear;She gazed in her own eyes without fear;Deliberately then, with fingers light,She smoothed her dress and stole into thenight. The meaningless school of poets haveso chastened us and reduced our demandsto their lowest terms that at first glanceone cannot say exactly what is the matterwith this poem, which actually suggestsan idea—an idea which, powerfully andsympathetically worked out, would jus- tify the expression, " fine but intenselypainful." Moreover, the dismal schoolhave almost bull-dozed us into believingthat whatever is painful must be fine.But there are painfulnesses and painful- nesses. A battle-scene, wherein tremen- dous issues are decided by splendid sac- rifice of noble lives, is painful. Thespectacle of a dog with a tin-can tied tohis tail is also* painful. Mere unpleas- antness does not make art. In this poemwe have an idea—faint, vague, not tooclearly defined even to the author's mind—worked out weakly and gropingly, withfrequent lettings-go of the string ofthought; worked out coldly and inhu- manly as to feeling, and badly and com- monplacely as to style, with such rough- nesses and infelicities of phrase and metrethat to read it is, on the whole, like ridinga bicycle over cobblestones. Is it here that we find the indescribablebut unmistakable charm and potency of" Lycidas " or " II Penseroso," of Fitz- gerald's " Omar," of the " Sonnets fromthe Portuguese," of " Kubla Khan," of" The Blessed Damozel," of the odes onthe Grecian Urn or to the Skylark, ofShakespeare's sonnets or Tennyson'sIdylls—in short, of any of the well-known and loved poems for which the world isricher ? There is simply no comparing itwith them; and to any objections it maybe counter-objected that there is compari- son, one to another, among themselves—and that the widest gulf of difference be- tween any two of them is bridged by theone common likeness—they delight theear, they stir the soul, they make poetry.Since there are distinguished reviewersto apply the word " poem " to Mr. Phil- lips's essay-sermon, it only proves afreshthat criticism never killed poets; it is notsufficiently unanimous. In short, criticism, unjustly accused ofgoing, like kisses, by favor, goes andmust go by taste instead, which is equallyerratic. To press his own personal pref- erences—say for bread-and-milk—downpalates which cry for caviare and curry;to deny himself the privilege of fallibilityand set himself up for a little pope ofliterature, these are the painful duties ofthe critic, whose lot is no more a happyone than the policeman's. Too long-suf- fering he may sometimes be; an oppressorof poets he never is. He is too busy tohate, too mild to scorn; besides, he doesnot really know—he cares no more forpoetry than anyone else, and is sometimeshonestly persuaded that for those wholike that sort of thing it may be just whatthey like. In many cases he is, as Napo- leon 111. said with memorable inaptitudeof Bismarck, " not a serious person."The number of brilliant, sincere men withliterary sensitiveness at their finger-tips,who make the reviewing of books theirbusiness in life, can be counted almostwithout passing the unit column. Of therest, a few are mere hacks; the majorityare men who are actually too literary tojudge of anything; they are dyspeptics,their palates are worn out with too muchtasting, their finger-tips deadened withtoo much touching. Their much learn- ing has in fact completely lost them The earlv foolish freshness of the dunce,Whose simple instinct guessed the heavens atonce. Regarding the critic as the middlemanin the poetry market, and regarding himas disposed of, the blame then lies be- tween the producer and the consumer.Is it the producer who has worn out peo- ple's patience with his failure to meet theoccasion ? The consumer—or rathernon-consumer—says it is, and adds re- sentfully that if good poetry were onlywritten it would be read fast enough—anargument which falls completely beforeone question: Is any poetry read? Whoof the younger generation knows Byron ?Who quotes Wordsworth? Who couldpass an examination on any more of thework of Bryant, Whittier, Lowell, Long- fellow, than appears in school readers ? Ask your friends whether they likepoetry. The affirmative or negativecharacter of the reply will depend uponthe veracity of your friends; for, as manygood folk go to church who are pagans atheart, so the lingering remnant of rever- ence for an outgrown superstition mayelicit a conventional "Yes," whose sin- cerity may be quickly tested by askingthem whose poetry they like, and whatparticular stanzas lie nearest their hearts ?Poetry is parsed in schools (perhaps welearn to hate it there) ; it is declaimed byelocutionists, although the recent trendtoward prose is noticeable; it is used bynewspapers that do not pay for it, tobreak the monotony of the Sunday edi- tion's serried columns, but it is not readas news is read, as novels are read, as themost forbiddingly solid books are read—in short, as it once was read. Once, anew poem by a poet, new or old, figuredimportantly in the news; once, the novel- ists sandwiched poetical tid-bits profuselyin among passages; once, the philosophi- cal work went down the public throatmore smoothly if written in rhyme. Thatwas during the snows of yester-year. Twitted with this state of affairs, thereader answers—if he troubles to answer—that we have no great poets to-day.We might have them by the dozen, and hewould never know it, for he will not look to see. He skips poetry in the maga- zines, he leaves the gilt-edged gift-bookto gather dust, he sells his father's fatMilton and his grandfather's folio Shel- ley to the second-hand dealer. We maynot have any great poets; we have a num- ber of minor ones whom decent apprecia- tion might encourage to do great work,and it might be added that much smallerpoets have been considered much greaterin times when the very rabble loved andjudged poetry better than our collegepresidents do. Edith M. Thomas hasmore of the poet in her little finger thanFelicia Hemans had in her whole body,which is not disparaging Mrs. Hemans;Sidney Lanier is as superior to Bryant asa diamond to a rhinestone, which is notdenying the latter his own place in litera- ture ; Christina Rossetti would have beenalmost deified in the times of Mrs. Nortonand Mrs. Osgood and Mrs. Sigourney,and the rest of the pretty little poetesseswho, by the irony of fate and literature- lessons, are at least known by their namesin an age that ignores its own prophets.But Edmund Gosse was openly told hewas ridiculous for suggesting ChristinaRossetti—author of exquisite and almostunknown rhymes and lyrics that she is—as a candidate for Poet-laureate; SidneyLanier died almost " unwept, unhonoredand unsung," and is now the lonely cultof a discriminating few; while, if one lastproof were wanting to show that this ageheads its list of " Wanted " with " NoPoets Need Apply," it could be found inthe little-known and less-read work ofEdith M. Thomas, where virility of graspand polished beauty of expression, subtle- ty of thought and nobility of spirit, are allas many pearls cast before—us. One thing a poet must have—apprecia-tion. It is all nonsense that we hearabout the poet having* left his field forothers of greater pecuniary profit. Ifpoets wrote for profit alone—which theynever did—they were never better paidthan in this day of great magazines. Itis not the publishers' fault that books of verse do not sell, nor that a magazine isno more or less popular because of thegrade of poetry that fills up its wasteplaces. But, paid or unpaid, he must feelhimself an apostle, not to deaf ears, notto a small circle of log-rolling brotherlitterateurs, but to the world. The poeticgift is purchased much as Don Quixotesays eminence in learning is purchased," by time, watching, hunger, nakedness,vertigo, indigestion, and many other in- conveniences "; and such an outlay willnot, cannot, should not be expended forno reward. More has been said than canbe proved of the impossibility of crushinggenius. We hear only of the cases whereit rises superior to circumstance, not ofthose saddened singers " who die with alltheir music in them." Of course, as with the critics, MasterPoet himself is not wholly blameless.There is a certain style of composition forwhich all that is necessary is the nerve,and its followers are heard for their muchspeaking. They succeed just becausepeople are so indifferent; like the famousstatesman who opposed Charles Brad- laugh because " a member of Parliamentshould believe in some God or other,"they have a vague acquiescent feeling thata century should have some poet or other.Rival poets, less successful but not neces- sarily more deserving, can only stand byand cast in their teeth the memorable ut- terance of Mrs. Stevenson to the pig ofVailima—" Gr-r-rr! nobody loves you I"and do not contest the laurel-wreath, be- cause nobody would watch the tussle, andthe wreath is only paper anyway. So the sparrow who with bow and ar- row killed Cock Robin, when run to earth,proves to be the amiable reader after all.He conducts a most sophistical self-de- fence, pretending that the Spirit of theAge put him up to it. We are told weare too hurried for poetry; we are tooold, too blase; we have lost the child- heart. Says one of the poets a genera- tion with long, dull ears forced intodeath and obscurity—Richard Realf: There is no little child within me now,To sing back to the thrushes, to leap upWhen June winds kiss me, when an apple boughLaughs into blossoms, or a buttercupPlays with the sunshine, or a violetDances in the glad dew. Alas ! Alas !The meaning of the daisies in the grassfI have forgotten. Yet how strange that we dotards,cynics, materialists, or whatever melan- choly thing we call ourselves, have de- lighted to be held in leading-strings byStevenson and Haggard, Kipling andHope, Weyman and Doyle, who appeal tonothing if not to the imagination andsentiment of the young heart! It seemsonly literature written in rhyme andmetre, with each line beginning with acapital, which is unpopular. One shud- ders to think what oblivion would haveswallowed up those charming fables andsketches of Olive Schreiner's, which haveattained so well-deserved a name andfame, had she not cunningly disguisedtheir poetry in the typographical cloak ofprose! It is obvious that we can live withoutpoetry. The scattered faithful who stillworship at the fountain where Pegasusleft his foot-print will so wince at such astatement as mistakenly to imagine theirwincing alters matters. But it was apoet himself who reminded us that wecan live without everything but cooks.We have seen that nations can live with- out religion; that is, they can in a man- ner support a kind of existence; they havelived without ideals, and not been vio- lently unhappy; for that matter, they havelived without all the luxuries of life,among which poetry must relentlessly becounted. But it is equally obvious thatthese people were all savages and semi- savages, not a race reared on luxury,whose fathers lived in luxury beforethem, and whose sudden drop into desti- tution is a graver matter than the savage'sstinted existence. Spiritual, mental, ormaterial poverty sits comfortably only onthose who never knew anything better. Our race was reared on poetry. Fromthe starry legends of the twilight ages tothe great sunburst of Shakespeare'sgenius, from the great systems and satel- lites of succeeding centuries, even to thefarthing rushlights of our own, the " lightthat never was " has always glimmeredabove our heads; and surely life has beenthe brighter, and we have been the better,for it. Mallock, with his usual acute- ness, has reminded us that " the use ofpoetry is not to make us admire the poetryof poems, but discern the poetry of life."That light is there now, only our backsare bent with stooping away from it.Sancho Panza, the soul of honesty, con- fessed that when he was digging he for- got all about his Teresa. It is so withus; we have been digging, and have for- gotten all about the lady of our soul. Orperhaps we have a sensitiveness over be- ing teased about her. It may be that wehave stooped too long; it may be that po- etry is as unrepeatable an episode in hu- man history as folklore, with which itholds so many affiliations. Yet if so,what mind with the power to considerbut will regret it ? and what heart where- in still lurks a half-shamed love for theunpopular goddess but ought to cherishthe weakness instead of crushing it ? There is a significant incident relatedin the account by Andrew Lang, in hissketch of the young Pretender, of thebattle of Falkirk: " What might have been a victory was lost through trop dezele on the part of the pipers. When thecharge began, they threw their pipes totheir boys and went in with their clay- mores. Consequently, the rallying mu- sic could not be sounded, and, in the dark- ness of a tempest, the scattered clans didnot pursue their victory." Whether the fault be with the over- zealous pipers, or the unheeding combat- ants, shall not we too miss the rallyingmusic if the last strain suddenly ceases?We need poetry, whether we want it ornot, whether we can drag along somehowwithout it or not. For, had not its rai- son d'etre been portrayed with more pierc- ing truth, as well as grace and beauty, bya poet in a poem than in any strugglingattempt to render it in prose, it would haveno raison d'etre: Come, Poet, come!A thousand laborers ply their task,And what it tends to, scarcely ask,And trembling thinkers on the brinkShiver and know not what to think.To tell the purport of their pain,And what our silly joys contain ;In lasting lineaments portrayThe substance of the shadowy day;Our real and inner deeds rehearse,And make our meaning clear in verse—Come, Poet, come / for but in vainWe do the work or feel the pain,And gather up the evening gain,Unless, before the end, thou comeTo take, ere they are lost, their sum ; Holbein Robert Jermain Cole By Ak, well he bribed our~Wko pictured all men levelled by his glance.S&lt;? flattered, the destroyerAnd Holbein lives forever An Epitaph Arthur Ketchum By Close-folded to the mountain's heart,Let him sleep well, sleep long.The voices of a thousand pinesShall be his slumber song.O'er him shall ferny greennessesA dauntless verdure set,To comfort him, till warm rains wakeApril's first violet.Here to the tired child of change.Through days that shall not fail,Shall come the summer's last Farewell,The steadfast spring's All hail!And he shall fear no evil thing jWhen warrior winds awakeI think their mighty hosts will passMore gently for his sake.So, girt by listening forests,And hushed by breathless song,Still dreaming down the pilgrim years,He shall sleep well and long.His was the wanderer's wilding heart,That loved not bonds and bars—Wildness to wildness ! Rest! while burnThe watch-lights of the stars. Youth's Heritage Anne F. Wilson By rHE September sunlight wasjust touching the tops of thewestern hills. The worldbelow was* still damp andcold with early dawn. Two hours be- fore, Aunt Delight Severance had partedher scanty curtains, with fingers trem- bling anxiously; and had looked outupon a still moon-lighted world. Reas- sured, she had sunk back to sleep fitfullyuntil daybreak. Now she was dressingwith eager haste. The world after ahundred years had grown a little distantto her; but to-day it drew nearer, with itsthronging interests, its quizzical occa- sional glances at a past which had beenfor years her sole inheritance, but which,too, had latterly grown strangely dim. To-day she was eagerly alert forthe celebration of a holiday. Alreadydressed, she stepped into the low-ceiledkitchen, where her grand-niece, with hergray hair tightly plaited into curling pins,stood before the stove. " Good-mornin', Ellen," she said,briskly. " It's a real pretty day, ain'tit? I did think yest'day was a weatherbreeder, 'twas so pleasant; and I dono'how many times I woke up in the nightand looked out to see if 'twas stormin'! " " Well, I hope you got some sleep be- tween whiles, Aunt Delight," her nieceanswered. " It's goin' to be a hard day;you ought to be rested up to be ready forit." " Wal, I am, Ellen. I don't know, I'msure, when I've felt so brisk. 'N I'm realhungry." They breakfasted in hurried silence,Aunt Delight craftily feigning a hungershe did not feel. The others were too busy to notice her guile. The luncheonwas packed, the big gray horse was har- nessed to the- open wagon, Esther andLeroy were already seated. Aunt De- light was tying her bonnet-strings withunready fingers. Suddenly, the girlishfeatures which had been hers years agoseemed to confront her from the narrowglass. There were the big dark eyes, theolive cheeks, the rings of black hair, andthe crimson mouth, all framed by thequaint bonnet. Then the illusion faded,and the tiny, frightened face of an old,old woman looked out at her again. Sheturned from the glass, catching her breathsharply at the sight of her lost youth. Leroy at the door was shouting:"Ma! Ma! I've got just about sick ofwaitin'. It's always the way. You getme up, an hour before there's any need,to get the horse ready, and then you ain'tready yourself." " Well, my son, you ain't ever hurtyourself a-gettin' up early; and, I don'tpresume likely you have this mornin',"his mother answered in even tones fromwithin. " Aunt Delight ain't ready yet,and we're both of us goin' to take all thetime we want." " Yes, I be ready," Aunt Delight an- swered, as she stepped carefully downover the door-sill. She stopped to twistup a little old-fashioned nosegay of" Southern-wood" and " ladies' de- lights." Then Leroy ran for a chair, andhelped her carefully into the back seatbeside Esther. Mrs. Swan hurried outwith the big picnic basket and clamberedunaided in beside Leroy, and the partywas off. It was one of those rare days when the departing Summer pauses for a momenton her way to leave one gracious memorythe more. The roadsides were gorgeouswith late golden-rod and asters; here andthere a swamp maple flamed forth withan early scarlet. The air was pungentwith the smell of burning pine woods, thewind was at once a caress and a chal- lenge. A violet haze veiled the hills, andhesitated above the waters of the lake. Itwas a day which pleaded for a tender,backward look, not wholly of regret andwistful yearning, not at all of amusementor contempt; but a glance, brave if re- gretful ; hopeful if sad. They climbed rolling hills where thecornstalks were browning under the yel- low sunlight; where the White Moun- tains, half lost in the distant west, roseto meet them. They rattled down intodamp hollows where the ferns were with- ered and brown. And, as they travelled,they came into the long procession tend- ing westward; a procession of people,who, with covered baskets and holidayfaces, were calling a halt in busy lives tospeak together of the past. At last theydipped into the wooded hollow, wherestood the little white school-house, withthe pine before its door; they crawled upthe sandy hill with the crest of a moun- tain rising in their faces. As they reached the top, Aunt Delightcaught her breath. The village lay be- low. It had always seemed the mostbeautiful spot in the world to her. To- day the elm-shaded streets—there hadbeen no elms, only poplars in the old days—the unruffled lake, the brooding moun- tain were as fair as ever. As they rum- bled over the stone bridge, and down theshadowed street, Aunt Delight peopledthe houses with the occupants of twenty,of forty, of sixty, years before. She wascareless of perspective, but she gained thejoy of the home-comer. The open wagon drew up at the long,plain " Town-house." There Aunt De- light got down, with her own quaint pre- cision, to meet a world of congratulations and warm surprise. From this side andfrom that voices exclaimed: " Well, if here ain't Aunt DelightSeverance! " " Why, Aunt Delight, I didn't expectyou'd git out such a long ways to theCentennial." The speakers were the grandsons andgranddaughters, great-grandsons andgreat-granddaughters of her girlhoodfriends and neighbors. Some of themwere elderly men and women now, andmost of them were strangers to her; butAunt Delight greeted them with imper- sonal cordiality. She moved into the hallin the midst of a company alert to do herhonor, eager to listen to her interpretationof the noble, though simple and unre- corded past that had been hers. Therelics ranged along the walls, curiositiesto them, were full of another interest toher. As she answered their questions,her little spare figure in the thin blacksilk and fringed shawl straightened; herface, under the old-fashioned bonnet, wastinged with a wintry pink; her eyesglowed with a soft, sunken fire. " I never seen one of them," an elderlywoman commented, touching a rotary- topped stove, gingerly. " What wasthey made to turn like that for, Aunt De- light?" " Wal, you see they couldn't more'ntwo holes git over the fire to once," ex- plained the old lady eagerly. " An' ifyou was a-bakin' of pies two of 'emwouldn't git baked at all. So they'd turn'em this way, every now and then," giv- ing the top a little spin, " and they'd allgit done. Mother hed one of 'em thatshe brought when she come from Har- vard, Massachusetts. I never knew whatbecome of it, though." " I never could see how they got alltheir work done," some one commented." It's all we can do now, with all the mod- ern improvements we have." " Wal, we cal'lated to work all thetime/' said Aunt Delight, reminiscently.The notes of the church bell, sounding through the still air, broke in upon herspeech. The little company about her be- gan to disperse. "Of course you're goin' up to thechurch to hear the speakin', Aunt De- light? " said one of her best-rememberedfriends. " Why don't you come rightalong with us ? " " I don't presume I'd better, Alice. Itold Ellen I'd wait for her here. Shewent with Leroy to find a place for thehorse; and then she was goin' to do somearrants to Farrar's store." The two women, who* were lingeringbeside her, just glanced at each other." Farrar's store " had dispensed rum andmolasses, salt fish and calico, to theWaterbridge of sixty years before. " No, I guess I'll set down here andwait for Ellen. This looks like a realcomfortable seat, don't it ? " " Well, we'll see you at the churchthen. The speaker is goin' to be realgood. Did you know he was old CaptainProctor's grandson ? " Aunt Delight sank into the straight- backed chair with a sigh, realizing for thefirst time that she was tired. She closedher eyes to shut out the confusion. Thepast was loud in its appeal to her. Thesoft dream-world in which she had beenliving for years, a world shut into thetrivial round of every day, had vanished.The merciful veil, like the violet Septem- ber haze, shutting off the circling moun- tains, had lifted all at once to the east- ward. She saw the hills where her liferose; and the sight brought with it anexquisite pain and sense of loss. Shehad drunk from the flowered cups, andhad smiled across their rims into eyesnow veiled for years. This very rustypillion, perhaps, had carried her alongwood-screened bridle-paths. Fingers,soft and rosy, scarred and work-worn,rigid, free from work at last, had wroughtat the yellow samplers, had striven clum- sily over the dingy copy-books, fingersthat had clasped hers in fellowship. Thetragedy of the inanimate outlasting the animate, moved her half-unconsciously;the loneliness of herself, sole survivor ofher day beside these mute, pathetic me- morials, wrung her heart numbed withmuch living. She rested her headagainst the back of the chair, and triedto control the quivering of her lip.Suddenly a high voice, light and care- less as a bird-note, pierced through herreverie. " What deliciously funny old men,Guy! Just look at their collars and ties—what did they call them—stocks ?-cravats? Aren't they too absurd foranything! When did they live, anyway ?Oh yes, ages ago! ' Deacon EliakimHowe, 1775-1829'; 'Captain HiramProctor, 1780-1837.' It's hard to realizethey ever lived, isn't it ? " The words cut clear and keen throughAunt Delight's musing. At their echocame the boyish face of Deacon EliakimHowe when he had taught the winterschool, and she had been his big girl pu- pil. He was not Deacon then, and had afondness for lingering near the back seaton the girls' side in leisure moments.And Deacon Howe had been dead foryears—fifty perhaps, and they had calledhim " the old Deacon " before he died.The light tone hurt her. She felt as ifsome dear and sacred thing were beingspoken lightly of. The gentle heart grewhot. She wanted to tell the speaker howmuch those deliciously funny old menhad borne and done; how they had grownold in their prime, smoothing the path forgenerations to come. She wanted to saysomething that should make those smil- ing lips grow grave, that light voicequiver. Instead she closed her lipsclosely. The past was hers; a legacy ofnobility, of resolve, of high endeavor thatno age could take away, that no timecould tarnish. The light voice went on: " Oh, but Guy, look! What a hand- some man! And what a fine portrait!Can you see who it is ? Oh, yes! ' Dr.Richard Warren, who Died at his Post in the Small-pox Epidemic of 1804.' Youseldom see so handsome a man." Andthe speaker turned carelessly away. But Aunt Delight had risen and con- fronted the picture, trembling. Thedark, compelling eyes met hers with thestrength, the tenderness of life. Thehair, waving loosely back, the firm lips,the resolute chin; she had known themall. She had known them, but she hadalmost forgotten, in the flood of eightyyears. The wrinkled, yellowed silhou- ette had not reminded her of the richbrown of the hair, the red of the cheek.But she remembered it all now. Wherehad the picture come from ? She had notknown of its existence, she who, most ofall, should have had its comfort throughthe obliterating years. Beneath the picture hung saddle-bagsand a worn gauntlet. Aunt Delightstretched out a pitiful knotted finger, andsmoothed the glove tenderly. She trem- bled from head to foot with the inwardrush of old memories. For fifty, foreighty years, she had been true to a mem- ory. She had never forgotten; but timehad mercifully numbed her grief, anddrifted the snows of eighty winters overthat far-away autumn, when life hadbeen all joy and then all sorrow. Theeyes looked almost as keen, almost as ten- der, as if the years of parting had neverbeen. The old familiar trappings heldall the pathos that recent bereavementgives. She rested her cheek against therusty gauntlet with a little half-sob. Suddenly, her niece's brisk voicestartled her. " Why, Aunt Delight, where have youbeen! I've been lookin' everywheres foryou. Ain't you all tired out? I'mafraid it's goin' to be too much for you,seein' so many people and all. But there,you stood your birthday party so well, Idon't know as this will hurt you. Do youthink you feel well enough to go up to thechurch and hear the speakin'? Because,if you don't, I just see Mis' Phillips, andshe asked me to have you come into her house, and lay down if you got tired out.What do you think about it ? "" I guess I ain't partic'ly tired, Ellen,"Miss Severance answered, quietly. " I'veben restin' here. Seein' of so many peo- ple kind o' dazed me." " And no wonder! " answered Ellen,heartily. " I hain't looked at the exhibi- tion hardly a mite, and I feel real muddledup myself. Well! Well! Aunt De- light; what's that behind you there?' Standin' Stool which belonged to Dea- con Amos Carter.' Well, I supposestandin' stools was in use when you wasyoung, Aunt Delight? but I declare Inever see one before." Aunt Delight hardly glanced at themovable wooden pen where the babies ofher day had tended themselves. It wasblackened with time and with the print oftiny moist fingers, and the wooden railwas etched by sharp teeth. But AuntDelight did not notice these things. In- stead she saw Deacon Amos Carter's bigkitchen, dusky save for the flaring fire;light, warm, and sweet with homelyodors. She and Dr. Warren were linger- ing at the door, loath to leave the fire-litwarmth for the October dusk without.She could almost hear Deacon Carter'sjovial laugh, as he said: " I've just been tellin' Martha that see- in' as we wa'n't goin' to need the oldstandin' stool no more, and the childrenwas fitted out, we'd better give it to De- light and Doctor for a weddin' present.You'll find it lots of help takin' care ofthe little doctors, Delight." She could almost feel the hot blood inher cheeks. And that was eighty yearsago. She only answered her niece: " Yes, Ellen, they used 'em consider- able." " Now, Aunt/5 Ellen went on, briskly," We've got to be goin' up to the church.That is if you think you'd ought to go.I'd rather you'd stop into Mis' Phillipses.She said she'd leave the key under thethermometer, so't we could go right inany time. I'm afraid you're gittin' too tired. Your voice sounded real trem- bly." " No, Ellen, I'd rather go," said AuntDelight, stoutly. " I presume likelythere'll be a good many things said thatI wouldn't miss for quite a sum of money.I can rest up when I git home." An usher met them at the doorway, andescorted them to reserved seats far upin front. Aunt Delight, however, didnot notice the little attentions which ear- lier in the day would have pleased her.She did not heed the curious and friendlyglances which were fastened upon herfrom all sides. Her eyes saw only nar- row bridle-paths, thick woodlands, low- ceiled kitchens, with their bygone plen- ishings, and men and women now amongthe shadows. Meanwhile the orator of the day wasspeaking, describing a past of which heknew no more, gray-haired man as hewas, than the veriest child. Aunt De- light was unheeding, living in her worldof memory. Suddenly some wordscaught her attention. She listened withstrained eagerness for a name which shelonged, yet dreaded to hear. The speak- er was saying: " I hardly need speak of those whohave gone forth from us to make thename of Waterbridge a known one, abeneficent one. We point to certain hon- orable, certain well-known men withpride, and say, ' They belong to us.' Theknown are in truth a goodly company;but the unknown are not less so. Theyhave stayed among their native rockyhills, laboring with the simple, yet com- prehensive, ambition of rearing theirfamilies comfortably, and in the fear ofGod; in the hope that at last Earth, theirnourice-mother, would take them back toherself not without honor. Their namesare forgotten even among us, but theirwork lives on: in the wilderness they havereclaimed, in the roads they have built,in the schools they have founded, in thechurches they have dedicated to theirfathers' God, in the quiet dignity and no- bility of the old town which welcomes usto-day. " One of these obscure names I mustcall back to you. This does not appearin the list of the world's heroes; but itshould never be forgotten here. He laidhis rich gifts of knowledge and skill atour feet without grudging and withoutgain. He stood by us in our hour ofdread and danger, and left us only at thelast imperative call. "It is of Dr. Richard Warren that Ispeak. You have all seen his picture inthe Hall to-day. This portrait I discov- ered in Massachusetts in possession ofthat branch of the family, and I broughtit with me in order that you may form apicture of him in your minds. Do youknow the story of his brief life? Hegained his medical education againstalmost overwhelming odds, working byday on the farm, at the forge, studyingby night. When larger opportunitiesopened before him he made a brilliantname for himself in English hospitals.He came back, and dedicated his life to us. " In less than two years his offeringwas called for. He went in and out ofhouses where the dread scourge raged.He nursed the sick, he solaced the dying,he buried the dead. He faced prejudiceand even violence with his wonderful newcure. He spent himself, he poured outhis whole glad, strong life for our fathers,and through them for us. And at last,when the plague was almost spent, hedied, alone, untended. With hushedbreath, with hearts thrilled with the no- bility, the possibility of manhood, wespeak his name." Once again Aunt Delight lived in thedark days of the pestilence, days whenduty to her invalid mother and her lover'scommand alone kept her from his side.The nightly breathless run to the top ofthe hill; the heart-breaking suspense un- til she saw the signal light, that told herall was well with him; the last night,when, instead of the gleam in the cottagewindow, she had seen a flaring torch-light in the hollow, and a slender figure, not his,digging a shallow grave: all came backto her as she listened. The ferns hadsmelled rank and dead in her nostrils; onelow band of pale yellow had lingered inthe west; the north wind had beaten andbuffeted her. She had turned blindly—she could not remember what had hap- pened next. She had wandered far, itseemed, wrenched by the wind, dry-eyedand still; had wandered on into yearswithout mark or mile-stone, years thathad dragged along until the wound hadceased to ache—and even that had beenlong ago. Aunt Delight was silent and ab- sorbed through the neighborly picnicing,through the toasts that followed. Shewas overwhelmed in the flood of mem- ories that had come surging back. Eventhe bustle of starting failed to rouse her.The weather had changed. The sky wasovercast, a cold wind filled with damp- ness blew strong from the south. Thewayside flowers, and the solitary flamingmaples had lost their morning glow. Theride dragged endlessly. The disillusion- ment that follows a holiday, the vague re- gret that the first autumn days bring, asense of the irrevocableness of the past,touched them all. Even Leroy, thehealthful, prosaic little animal, was silentwith an unanalyzed discontent. Heroused once to say, with a quizzicalglance at his sister: " Say, Ess, did that picture of Dr. War- ren remind you of anybody ? " Esther flushed up to her pretty blondehair. " I ain't sayin' that Frank Ames looksas well as that," the boy went on. " Forhe don't. But there's a sort of a like- ness. But say! that Dr. Warren musthave been a corker if what the man saidof him was true." " Sh! Leroy," his mother said, softly." Aunt Delight's tired. Don't bother hertalkin'." Aunt Delight was tired, body and soul.She had reached out through the isolation of years for the past and had grasped itspain, had taken it full of its past forceinto her heart. She had found herselfstanding uncompanioned in the waste ofthe years. The future held nothing forher, the present was empty, the past was—where? A fear as of a child alone inthe darkness laid cold hands on her heart•—a fear of the days to come. She hadwakened from the peaceful, numb calmthat had been hers for years, a calm fullof trivial pleasures, free from griefs andcares—into the full stress of living again,into a loneliness such as her hundredyears had never known. She was tired,body and soul. It was dark when she woke from herdreamless sleep in the little chamber, lead- ing out of the farm-house kitchen. Shetried to remember where she was, whatshe had been doing; but she met only ablank wall of forgetfulness. She rosemechanically, and crossed the duskykitchen to the lighted sitting-room be- yond. To her dazzled eyes, the roomwas empty save for a young man who satby the table with his head bent over abook. He looked up as she entered.His forceful dark eyes met hers. Themists of memory cleared and revealedwhat she had been groping for. Thefirm chin, the dark hair waving back fromthe high forehead, were just as ever.She stepped forward eagerly in spite ofthe strange languor that hindered her. " Where have you ben, Richard ? " sheasked, breathlessly. " It's ben sech along time sence I've seen you. Oh, yes;I remember, it was the sickness; and Imust have ben sick too." Frank Ames rose from his-chair, hishandsome face troubled. " Good-evening, Aunt Delight," hefaltered. " Did you have a good time to- day?" Mrs. Stone hastened to her Aunt's sideand clasped her hand. Aunt Delightstood erect, with her lips trembling. Shecast an appealing look into her niece'smotherly face. " What's the matter, mother ? " shesaid. " It's ben so long sence Richard'sben here, and now he don't seem glad tosee me. Hev I ben sick, mother? Itseemed to me that I was old, and every- body I knew was dead, and I was so lone- some. It's hard to realize when you'reyoung, that anybody can be old like that,ain't it? But I can't understand whyRichard don't seem glad to see me." Frank Ames glanced at Esther, whowas crying softly. Then he stooped andtouched Aunt Delight's wrinkled cheekwith his lips. " I can't say how glad I am to see you,Delight," he murmured. Then he andEsther stole out hand in hand into thedusk. The wind, pungent with the scent ofburnt-out fires, blew strong through theopen door. The room was silent savefor the insistent night sounds. AuntDelight leaned heavily against her niece'sarm with a happy sigh. " I'm so glad it was only a dream,mother," she said. " I was so lonesome,but now it's all right." And Aunt Delight spoke truth. The World-Play Richard Burton By "And all the men and The entrance-price you willy-nilly pay,Sit with your kind, take pleasure, if you may,Or puzzle at the meaning of the play. COMEDY The humors of the Time, the painted showOf character, the Attic salt of wTit;Now, laughter lilts its high, now, tender woeFor a pale moment o'er the stage must flit,To make the main plot merrier; maids and menTeach life is sweet and love may come again. MELODRAMA See how the Swashbucklers swagger,Hark to the villain's dark cry!Much is a-doing and many are ruing!Innocents, destined to die,Haply, with thrust of a dagger.Evil frustrate and virtue tried and true,Romance, adventure, sleight, and derring-do,The earth's wide passions served up hot for you! FARCE See the buffoon's fat cheeks ballooning out!Thwack! the lath sword descends, guffaws are rife, Midst gallery gods, with many a boorish shoutOf approbation. Yet, 'tis part of life,And honest, too—the grammarless crude heartOf one's own kinsmen, and this stir-aboutIs wholesome, though it lack the soul of art. TRAGEDY Slow evolution to a fateful close;Deepest of dramas, knocking at our soul;Glints of the gay, but gloom that spreads and growsTowards some sardonic end, the gruesome goalOf all the light, the motion, and the gleePranked out high-heartedly;Behind man's quest and woman's sacrifice,Bravery and risk and lure of ardent eyes,Quieting the stir,Mingling mold-odors with love's sweetest myrrh,Forever looms and glooms the sepulchre! EPILOGUE Great Watcher of the whole, the motley shiftOf play and counterplay, sole Critic, whoMust understand, because Creator too;Prompter and Playwright both: the curtains liftAnd fall, while joy and sorrow interweave;We know full well what time to smile or grieve,No more: the ultimate meaning's shut from view.The world-play, act by act, moves on and weAre shaken by its moods—mirth, anguish, mystery! The New York Theatre: A Foreword George C. D. Odell By W' TOW many New Yorkers wouldtolerate the suggestion thatM M their theatre is provincial? Yetwhat other idea can be gath- ered from reading the announcementsfor the coming season at our leadingplayhouses? Only one or two seriousefforts of American writers are prom- ised; in all other cases it is clearly as- sumed that the legend " Latest LondonSuccess " will be the surest highroad toNew York favor. We might as well be Manchester, or Birmingham, or Liver- pool, for any evidence we offer of adeclaration of dramatic independence.Seemingly, we still go to the theatre tolearn what England and (occasionally)other nations think of life. What Amer- ican manager reads an American play? In such circumstances the theatre cannever be a vital force. If a large partof this foreign product could justly beheld as a model for aspiring playwrights,if only it were humanly true, all might yet be well and an American dramamight even now be building in the secretplaces. Our writers for the stage couldnever be utterly discouraged if they sawheights to be scaled by patient endeavor.But the best, the most intellectual, in theforeign drama is exactly what we neverget; Ibser and the younger Germans arepractically unknown to our boards. Ourimported drama is largely silly farce orsentimental or "smart" comedy; someof the greatest successes of recent yearshave ranked in literary quality with thenovels of the late Mrs. Southworth. Ourambitious young writers, seeing this out- put—" The Cuckoo," " Zaza," "Lordand Lady Algy," " His Excellency theGovernor "■—soon discover that emula- tion is not a matter of cloud-scaling, butof plunging into depths of vulgar inan- ity. Men of parts take their energieselsewhere; the residuum largely writesnoisy farces for music-hall favorites. Theart of Congreve and Sheridan has degen- erated into an affair of the scissors andthe paste-pot. The blame comes largely upon thepublic. When a people looks to itsdrama purely for diversion, no self-re- specting artist can use the drama as ameans of expression; the novel, themagazine, and the newspaper, even, thusbecome the enemies of the stage.Abroad, especially on the continent ofEurope, the theatre of a country means,at its best, a national theatre, a vehicletor the exploiting of national character,national customs, national ideals. Muchthat is unworthy creeps in; but this isthe conception of the functions of a the- atre prevalent in Germany, France, Italy,and the Scandinavian countries; and itis in these countries that really seriousplays are written to-day. Empty cachin- tiation is not the be-all and the end-allof the drama there; Mr. Conried's the- atre in Irving Place, so opposed in spiritto the dramatic habitudes of Broadway,is typical of what I mean. But this con- ception of the drama has not yet begun to take root in the American mind; wedo not look to the stage for inspirationor for suggestion. We speak of the the- atrical business, as if the matter endedwith commerce, and, being a commercialnation of large ideas, we surrender allour theatres and all our actors into thehands of a theatrical trust who are, bythe very irony of fate, just the peopleleast able to arouse us to a realization ofour sodden condition. Before this consummation, devoutlyto be deplored, there was a moment ofhope for a national and therefore a livingtheatre. For a brief spell it seemed asif the American dramatist—that plant ofsickly and retarded growth—were tospring into full flower. Mr. BronsonHoward had written, in " Young Mrs.Winthrop " and " The Henrietta," playsthat seemed actually to reflect our ownsocial conditions; Mr. Thomas had pro- duced " Alabama " and " In Mizzoura ";Mr. Gillette's war plays had depicted fora younger generation the sorrows of abygone time; Belasco and De Mille werethe best liked of Lyceum playwrights.Other men were coming forward. Itwas seen that our national characteristicsafforded a rich field for humor or for pa- thos. But with the forming of the " syn- dicate " all this was changed; the mar- ket, so many theatres and companies,must be supplied quickly with ready- made wares. The cable invited to Lon- don and Paris and Berlin; the Americandramatist went back to his native ob- scurity. There was not time to considerhim. To-day the aspirant practicallyknocks in vain at the doors of our the- atre ; for him there is no room at the top.This is worse than the " Frohmanizing "of all our young actors, by so much asthe creator is more important than theinterpreter; this is to dry at its sourcethe living stream of the drama. Ofcourse, Mr. Howard and Mr. Gillettehave made their hearing and keep it; butno manager would bother with an un- known writer. The theory seems to be that it is much better to invest moneyin elaborate scenery than in plays stilluntried; the managers owe nothing totheir public or to their art. Besides, howcan a commercial manager be expectedto know a good play when he reads it?It is much easier to buy a successful playby cable. And yet, curiously enough, it is becom- ing more and more difficult to find playsenough to go around. Mr. Charles Froh- man is said to be sometimes at a loss fortried material in which to employ his nu- merous " stars " and companies. He andthe others are feverishly " cornering " theforeign market, and the intelligent ob- server, by reading the theatrical adver- tisements of a London spring, will knowwhat to expect in New York the follow- ing September and October. The man- agers insist that all plays by Americanwriters—except, of course, hack-workunder contract—is bad; they never re- flect that these plays are bad because in- telligent workmen are driven from thefield. The English visitor to New York whorecently insisted on seeing an Americanplay, called for exactly the one com- modity his hosts could not supply. TheAmerican eagle screams loudly for pro- tection to American industries of allkinds; personally, I shall be glad whenprohibitive duties are laid on foreignmachine-made work like " Zaza" or" His Excellency the Governor/' Who goes to the theatre for ideas?Who goes for sweet pictures of human- ity, such as one gets from Shakespeareand Dickens and all writers who havebeen near the people? What does ourtheatre offer, except stock notions, stockphrases, sentimental platitude, or inanefrivolity? For one " Trelawney of theWells," how many " Phrosos" and" Lord and Lady Algys " do we see ? Farbe it from us to plead for Ibsen and theintellectuals exclusively or even largely;the stage looks toward a larger morn, ofrich human insight and sympathy, of Shakespeares and Molieres yet to be.Only let our stage here in America beginto be of us and for us; let it use its ownmaterial from the rich soil about it. Giveour dramatists a chance to use their owneyes and free themselves from the ricketybugbear of English tradition. Only thuscan be developed among us a theatre ofwhich we as a nation can be proud. Asit is, why should we provincials be edifiedby the spectacle of a stage absolutely de- pendent for subject-matter on the veriesthacks of London and Paris ? This is the most crying need for theendowed theatre prefigured in the visionbeatific of Mr. Hapgood and Mr. Archer.In New York it would be an open doorfor the American dramatist, where allshould have an equal hearing before com- petent judges, and where those foundworthy might hope for a pathway to pop- ular approval. Money could be takenfrom the account of scenery and cos- tumes and risked on the production ofuntried plays. Literature and the dramamight again be wedded. In such a the- atre we should hope to see the classicsand frequent performances of the mod- ern plays now proscribed by the syndi- cate—Ibsen, if you please (though nottoo much of him), Maeterlink, Suder- mann, and the rest. But our own writersshould be first freed from paralyzingconditions, and they should teach us tocare most for what is at home. Therewill be the true life of the drama andthere will be a stimulus for other branch- es of art. But this process, even at best, we mustexpect to be slow. A drama is not madeby merely wishing for it. There will bemany failures and few successes at first.We must induce men of ability to writefor the stage, and a trained body of dram- atists, even then, we shall not soonhave. Old conventions, old fetters willwith difficulty be shaken off. But howcan you learn to swim if you never gointo the water? Our writers must havea chance. The public, too, must be edu- cated, and the actors; the former to think,the latter to practise self-abnegation. ated, and the actors; the former to think, If Americans only cared! Meantime, having thus set forth itsviews of the theatres of New York, EASTAND WEST stands waiting for what shallcome. The immediate present offers theproduction of an interesting experimentin collaboration by two American drama- tists—the most important 'production (from our point of view) for the last fiveyears. Aside from this, our Colossusmanager, bestriding the Atlantic, offersus, as we have said, all the latest Londonnovelties. Some of these will be goodand many of them will be bad; but allwill find a large and a pleased public.For what is good we shall be thank- ful ; the rest we, personally, shall try toavoid. Reviews (As this first number of "East and IVest" went to press before the appearanceof the AuWnn lists of the publishers, the editors have merely selected for notice heresome of the more interesting novels and books of short stories, of the past season.) NEW NOVELS BY MR. WARNERAND MR. HOWELLS.THAT FORTUNE. RAGGED LADY. " Ragged Lady," needless to say, is atypical study in the commonplace. Thematerial is not promising; the canvas isvery narrow, the observation very mi- nute. The difficulty in art so opposed tothe impressionistic, so different from theeasy, broad sketches in which Mr.Warner covers the whole social range,is, while rendering the detail, to keep theproportion of the whole. That Mr.Howells succeeds in this is beyond allquestion. The sketch of Mrs. Lander,that awful picture of the vulgar, selfishwoman, grows more painfully life-likewith each succeeding touch. But hereMr. Howells;s real triumph is in hisheroine, Clementina. In her he some- how succeeds in gilding the common- place in fiction with some of the glory itpossesses in real life. To present aheroine who has no ideal characteristics,who can neither converse nor think, whotalks a strange dialect—and here Mr.Howells very inartistically over-em- phasizes a detail—but who is still charm- ing and capable of enrolling us amongher many admirers, is an achievement.For the average male in literature ex- pects the Woman Wonderful—particu-larly in intellect and her ability to copewith man in his own field—just as theaverage female will have her Prince Charming: each oblivious in this imagi- native sphere, that in the work-a-dayworld of prose, love goes by no allotmentof the heroic, in beauty, strength, or in- tellect. In short, Clementina is not thesort of girl whom we should expect tocarry us captive through a novel, thoughit is well we should know that nothing ismore likely than this in the strange mys- teries of flesh and blood. That Mr. How- ells can so present in fiction some hint ofthose subtle influences and affinities thatplay fast and loose with so many of ourintellectual ideals, is no small thing tohave compassed, even though it does notproduce the really great art that stirs andstimulates. It is an interesting fact that both Mr.Warner and Mr. Howells, philosopherand artist, viewing the world from dif- ferent coigns, should see it so much thesame. For both it seems a good world,a happy place, on the whole, despite trialsand crosses. In " That Fortune " Mr.Warner says of Philip: "He did noteven know that when he became veryold, the world would seem to him goodor bad according to the degree in whichhe had become a good or a bad man."That, therefore, now, the philosophershould not cry out utterly against man- kind; and the realist not see the evilcompletely overshadowing the good,even if not necessarily a convincing ar- gument for a cheerful optimism, never- theless throws a pleasant light upon thenatures of the two men the burden ofwhose song might be: " God's in his heaven—All's right with the world." Harper &amp; Bros. The simultaneous appearance of" ThatFortune " and " Ragged Lady " makessomething approaching an occasion inour contemporary literature. Mr. War- ner and Mr. Howells are among our fore- most representatives in a field that still,however, awaits the American master,and have, because of their serious, sin- cere pursuit of the profession of letters,throughout long lives, made themselvesfirmest pillars of the literary tradition inthis country. In " That Fortune " Mr. Warner is theshrewd, kindly philosopher of old, look- ing out upon life broadly, sweetly, andpoetically; a mentor with wit, humor,and pen making him a worthy succes- sor in our generation to Dr. Holmes.This most recent novel sets forth thatconflict between worldliness and highideals which is ever on for youth. Philipand Evelyn, born into very different con- ditions of life, have this in common, thatboth were isolated in childhood fromouter influences, and reared in the pure, bracing altitudes of romance and abstractideas. They were thus, the dishonestmillionaire's daughter and the countrylad, equally imbued with an idealism, de- votion to the beautiful and true, whichcarried them triumphant through theconflict, causing them instinctively tocleave to the good, as Mr. Warner wouldhave us see it, and safe to each other'sarms. For thus does Mr. Warner, ingood old fashion, make the poetry ofright in the world work justice for itself. If we owe much of our pleasure in" That Fortune" to the personal ele- ment projected by the author into thebook, through which we view the pas- sages of life presented, and to the easylittle asides, disquisitions on a thousandtopics, new or old, we must be preparedto forego this particular form of pleasurein turning to Mr. Howells and his" Ragged Lady." Mr. Warner is thecritic, Mr. Howells the creator. Mr.Howells strives to make a frieze, a frescoof life as he sees it, and then, he himselfwithdrawing from his work, leads us tothe spectacle. We are to be equally withhimself the philosopher; he merely pre- sents the text. The reason why so many of us find his work not altogether to our personalliking lies simply in the choice of a fieldfor his researches. To study the com- monplace, the mean in life, has been hisconstant occupation, just as if the essenceof humanity could be most clearly andcompletely viewed through the still, shal- low waters of the everyday varia- tions being but ripples to obscure. Wefeel, many of us, that the elemental hu- man is deep in every condition of life,and to be found in far greater range andrichness, depth and beauty amid thestress of the unusual—in the prince andin the pauper, rather than in the peasantand the burgess. Romance, not the deadlevel of actuality, is the true revelation ofhuman nature. RICHARD CARVEL. " Richard Carvel" is a very pleasantstory, quite justifying that high pogularopinion which has made it the successof the summer season. The theme isold, the setting more or less new. Andthese, with a manner perfectly simple andintelligible, give Mr. Churchill's book the chief requirements demanded of a popu- lar novel. The story is the eternal oneof love and adventure in their commonestromantic phases, and the last century set- ting is happily chosen. All this is very far from saying that" Richard Carvel" is a great book. In- deed, this idea would hardly have en- tered one's mind save for the exagger- ated praise of certain critics whose enthu- siasm outruns their discernment. It isdistinctly a novel ala mode. It is not oneof those books which happen irrespectiveof the world's work or thought at thetime, original, inimitable, and isolated." Richard Carvel" was written becauseother stories of the same sort are beingwritten and eagerly read to-day. It rep- resents the prevailing literary fashion ofthe present, which is to rehabilitate somepicturesque past period in a cloak of fic- tion. It is the local color method movedback from the present to the past; andthe interest still lies obviously, and to theevident exclusion of anything approach- ing great art, very much less in the char- acters portrayed, who, with their stories,are stereotyped, than in interesting andunfamiliar conditions of life. The slight,pretty tale of Richard Carvel and DollyManners is almost crushed by the erudi- tion of the author, who has read widelyand well for his task of distancing hiscompetitors, by giving fuller measureand variety of stage settings, properties,and persons. This he has certainly done.Most novelists of his class are contentwith one complete, carefully studied setof scenery. Mr. Churchill gives us two,and of historical lay figures, not one, buta dozen. It cost Cooper two novels topresent Paul Jones and George Wash- ington. Mr. Churchill puts them bothwith endless others into a single volume. This is said less in dispraise of " Rich- ard Carvel," than of the critics who claimfor it " an enduring place in literature/'etc., and who will leave a hundred thou- sand credulous readers in great perplex- ity when it shall have run its course and fallen gracefully back for the next. Ay,in perplexity, and with a wavering faithin the real worth of literature, the greatexamples of which are so very mortal, soeasily turned out, two or three a season,and then forgotten. " Richard Carvel "is a good book of its kind—a kind thatgives us no insignificant share of whatpleasure we get from reading—betterthan the average, perhaps. But it is nota great book, like " Henry Esmond " or" Peg Woffington," stories with an oldsetting, truly, yet' in which this setting isproperly subordinated, as it always is inlife and true art, to the personalities ofmen and women, and the vital interest ofa deeply human story. The Macmil- lan Company. THE FOWLER. By Beatrice Harra- den. Dodd, Mead &amp; Co. A novel like " The Fowler" is morethan ordinarily difficult to criticise quitefairly. Miss Harraden has aimed higherthan her strength could reach, and thefailure, already accentuated by the suc- cess of an earlier work, is brought intostill stronger relief by the possibilitiesof greatness inherent in the characterswhich Miss Harraden attempts to por- tray. Theodore Bevan, the Fowler, thetype of evil, the spirit of pessimism; BrianUppingham, the type of good, the spiritof optimism; and Nora Penhurst, theprey of the Fowler, and the beloved ofBrian—these are the three significantcharacters of the book, and the story isthe story of Nora's struggles under thesetwo influences. In her subjection to the Fowler thereader does not feel the sense of fear, ofrecoilment, and yet of inevitability thatmakes the greatness in Hawthorne's por- trayal of Chillingworth. We are told ofthe fascination of the Fowler, but we donot feel it, and we finish chapter afterchapter, wondering why the strong- minded heroine ever fell into his toils.Brian Uppingham is, on the whole, farmore satisfactorily portrayed, though he,too, is not quite convincing. But, worst of all, having failed to take advantage ofthe material offered by such antipodalcharacters, the author allows a mere de- vice, and a very evident and hackneyedone at that, to be the final cause of Nora'sescape from the net of the Fowler. Weare left in doubt as to whether Brianwould have overcome Theodore Bevan,whether virtue or evil would have pre- dominated, had not the villain—strangelycarelessly, be it said—missent his diarycontaining a record of his evil designs intothe very hands of Nora Penhurst. We congratulate Miss Harraden onhaving aimed somewhat higher thanusual. That itself is worth while, andrecognition of it constitutes high praisefor this present day, when, indeed, peoplewho write, ordinarily do not aim at all,save at some well-riddled bull's-eye ofpopularity. THE GREATER INCLINATION. ByEdith Wharton. Charles Scribner'sSons. There are three admirable stories inMrs. Wharton's volume—the first three" The Muse's Tragedy" is interestingand suggestive almost faintly remi- niscent, it is so convincing—in its cu- rious probing into the morbid myste- ries of genius and love, literature and life.It is delicately done. " A Journey " isa masterpiece in the school of De Mau- passant. It is simple, direct, true, andterrible. It deserves to live as a brilliantexample of its kind. " The Pelican"gains over its fellows in having humorand lightness. It contains excellent sat- ire, with a flavor of burlesque. The remainder of the volume does notbear out its early promise. The whole isa study of human nature in its less usual,often its yellowest phases. But the firststories had a certain distinction whichsaved them to literature. The rest, un- less, possibly, we except" Souls Belated/'are unjustified in presentation by goodart or interesting psychology. In con- elusion, the constant hard, light, occa- sionally flippant reference to grave so- cial crimes with their attendant circum- stances—and here we would cite the story- last referred to—gives a note of vulgarityalmost, indeed, inseparable from suchsubjects, except when treated far differ- ently, in their profoundest human as- pects, by the great moral masters of lit- erature. MEN'S TRAGEDIES. By R. V. Ris- ley. The Macmillan Company. In a preface which arouses hopes notdestined to be fulfilled, the author of"Men's Tragedies" lays down the dictumthat " life is but a realized fiction." How,then, we wonder, could he ever have fol- lowed this preface by a work of fictionwhich gives a false impression of life?And we ask this with all the more regretbecause there are many passages whichwould seem to indicate that the authorreally knows what is most worth while inmen's actions. There are nine stories in the book, andthrough each one runs the same motif ofshattered ideals; and in every case it issome deed in which an impure man or animpure woman is involved, that leads tothe final tragedy. Thus the impressionthat the reader must receive will be thatin this world the pure and the lofty-mind- ed have no place. Whether they love, orhate, or sneer, or care, or kill, they seemto go through life isolated, and not help- ful to their fellow-men. For the same reason that these storiesare untrue to life, they lose in interestconsidered merely as stories. It was agreat mistake of the author to put in onevolume nine articles of fiction so nearlyalike in plot and treatment. Nor do thestatements in the preface that "each ofthese tales has an intention," and thatthey are " studies of intensity," lead us tochange our opinion, for analytically andpsychologically they offer little that isnew. THE AUDIT COMPANYOF NEW YORKEQUITABLE BUILDING, 120 BROADWAYOFFICERSActing President,AUGUST BELMONTVice-President,WILLIAM A. NASH.Consulting- Engineers,WM. BARCLAY PARSONS, F. S. PEARSON,Secretary and Treasurer,EDWARD T. PERINE.Manager,THOMAS L. GREENE.Chief Consulting Auditor,STEPHEN LITTLE.DIRECTORSAugust Belmont, A. J. Cassatt,Frederic P. Olcott, Marcellus Hartley,James Stillman, Charles R. Flint,William A. Nash, George Coppell,Joseph S. Auerbach, G. B. M. Harvey,George G. Haven, John I. Waterbury,George W. Young.FORD, BACON &amp; DAVIS.ADVISORY COMMITTEEOF STOCKHOLDERSW. Bayard Cutting,Walter G. Oakman,A. D. Juilliard,Henry W. Poor,Louis Fitzgerald,T. Jefferson Coolidge, Jr.,Charles S. Fairchild,Gustav E. Kissel,Isaac N. Seligman,E. R. Chapman.Makes Examinations for Purchasers and Vendors, and Makes Periodical Audits forIndividuals, Firms, and Corporations.Issues Certificates as to the Correctness of Accounts Examined or Audited.Takes General Charge of Systems of Manufacturing and Mercantile Bookkeeping andFurnishes Expert Criticism thereon.Simplifies Systems of Accounting, thus Insuring Reduced Expenses.Makes Engineering Investigations, with Appraisals of Values.Renders All Services Confidentially. J. &amp; W. SELIGMAN &amp; CO.. . . BANKERS ...Mills Building, 21 Broad Street, New YorkISSUE LETTERS OF CREDIT FOR TRAVELERSPayable in any part of Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia and AmericaDRAW BILLS OF EXCHANGE ON AND MAKE TELEGRAPHIC TRANSFERSOF MONEY TO EUROPE AND CALIFORNIASELIGMAN BROTHERS, LondonSELIGMAN FRERES &amp; CIE., ParisSELIGMAN &amp; STETTHEIMER, FrankfurtANGLO-CALIFORNIAN BANK, Limited, San Francisco, Cal.BUY AND SELL INVESTMENT SECURITIES SIMON BORG &amp; Co.BankersINVESTMENT SECURITIES FOR BANKS,CORPORATIONS AND TRUST ESTATES20 Nassau Street New York THE PLAZA BANKFifth Ave. and 58th St., N. Y.Capital, $lOO,OOOPresidentMcMasterW.V ice-Pres iden tA. Newbold MorrisDirectorsH. B. HollinsJohn Jacob AstorB. BeineckeAugust BelmontJohn E. BorneAddison CammackRichard DelafieldStuyvesant FishJoseph LarocqueHenry MarquandW. McMaster MillsA. Newbold MorrisHermann OelrichsJoseph ParkSurplus, $lOO,OOOMillsCashierCharles W. ParsonEdward E. PoorF. B. PoorJohn L. RikerCharles ScribnerWilliam H. TillinghastGeorge Frederick VietorHarry Payne Whitney George Coppell Gerald L. HoytDallas B. Pratt Arthur Coppell Herbert CoppellMaitland, Coppell &amp; Co.22 and 24 Exchange PlaceNEW YORKOrders executed for all Investment Securities. Act asagents of Corporations, and negotiate and issue Loans.Bills of Exchange, Telegraphic Transfers,Letters of Credit,ONMessrs. Smith, Payne &amp; Smiths, London, Messrs.Mallet Freres &amp; Cie., Paris, Banco Nacionalde Mexico, and its Branches.Agents for the Bank of Australasia, the British GuianaBank, Demerara. etc., etc. New York Securityand Trust Company44 &amp; 46 Wall Street, New YorkCapital, $1,000,000.00 Surplus, $2 000,000.00CHARLES S. FAIRCHILD, PresidentWM. L. STRONG, Ist Vice-Pres. ABRAM M. HYATT, 2d Vice-Pres.OSBORN W. BRIGHT. Secretary ZELAH VAN LOAN, Ass't-SecretaryReceives deposits subject to sight drafts, allowinginterest on daily balances, and issues certificatesof deposit bearing interest. Acts as registrarand transfer agent of all stocks and bonds. : : : THE NATIONAL n,KTPARK BANK 0 ewCapital, $2,000,000 Surplus, $3,000,000PRESIDENTEDWARD E. POORVice-PresidentSTUYVESANT FISHGEORGE S. HICKOKCashierVICE-PRESIDENTRICHARD DELAFIELDVice-PresidentALBERT H. WIGGINEDWARD J. BALDWINAss't CashierDIRECTORSJoseph T. MooreGeorge S. HartCharles ScribnerEdward E. PoorAugust BelmontFrancis R. AppletonGeorge S. HickokHermannStuyvesant FishCharles SternbachEdward C. Hoyt,W. Rockhill PottsRichard DelafieldJohn Jacob AstorGeorge Fred'k VietorOelrichs ContinentalTrust CompanyOF THE CITY OF NEW YORKTelephone : 1309 BroadCapital, $500,000 Surplus, $500,000OFFICERSOTTO T. BANNARD PRESIDENTWILLIAM ALEXANDER SMITH ISTVICE-PRESIDENTGORDON MACDONALD . . 2ND VICE-PRESIDENTWILLARD V. KING SECRETARYHENRY E. DABOLL TREASURER HENRY A. SIEBRECHTHENRY A. SIEBRECHT, JR.SIEBRECHT &amp; SON409 Fifth Avenue. . . NEW YORKRose Hill Nurseries, New Rochelle, N. Y. Newport Branch, Newport, R. I.Tropical Nurseries, Trinidad, W. I. The Macmillan Company's New BooksTHE NEW NOVELSVIA CRUCISA Romance of the Second Crusade. With 12 full-pageillustrations by Louis LOEB. Cloth, crown Bvo, $1.50.NEW NOVELS BY F. MARION CRAWFORDSARACINESCAIllustrated Edition. Illustrated by ORSON LOWELL. Intwo volumes. Sateen, Crown Bvo, $5.00.Mr. Crawford's latest work and one which many of his admirers consider his best, in illustrated editions.YOUNG APRILBy EGERTON CASTLE, author of " The Pride of Jennico."Illustrated by WENZELL. Cloth, i2mo, $1.50.*' By the author of tha bewitching romance, 'The Prideof Jennico.' Tribune.HENRY WORTHINGTON, IDEALISTBy MARGARET SHERWOOD, author of " An Experiment inAltruism, A Puritan Bohemia," etc. Cloth, i2mo, $1.50#The novel is a strong one, practically certain to arousewide discussion."—Chicago Tribune.Mr. Zangwill's THEY THAT WALK IN DARKNESS. Ghetto Tragedies. Cloth. $1.50."Ghetto Tragedies" covers a wide range of production, for it contains specimens of the realistic storv as'wellpoetic, imaginative story. . . . As in " Dreamers of the Ghetto," Mr. Zangwill'iscontinually rha££wh?ilSLSLNow we are in the wards of the hospital for the incurables in East London now in the streets of iprnJFiem 11,East Side of New York, while the concluding scene of the title story ?akes P"a« in the Vatican of Rm ™ Vet aU thlscenes unite to give a vivid picture of the tragedy and the poetry and the dreams of Israel of to-day.MY LADY and ALLEN DARKEBy CHARLES DONNEL GIBSON. Cloth, i2mo, $1.50.Stirring and dramatic. A fascinating picture.BEN COMEEA Rogers' Rangers. By M. J. CANAVAN. Illus*trated by GEORGE GIBBS. $1,50.Based on history, vivid and intense.SOLDIER RIGDALEHO'MV^"*l HOW HE SERVED MILES STANDISH- BEULAH D,X, author of - HughTT r , .. , Cloth, Bvo, $1.50.HUGH GWYETH was described as engrossmgly interesting," well-written and stirring" (Phila. Press), etc.LITTLE NOVELS OF ITALYBy MAURICE HEWLETT, author of ''The Forest Lovers."T- T Cloth, i2mo, $1.50.The Forest Lovers " proved so fascinating that furtherwork by Mr. Hewlett is eagerly.waited for.THE DEVELOPMENT AND CHAR.ACTER OF GOTHIC ARCHITECTUREBy CHARLES HERBERT MOORE, Ph.D., Harvard Univer-sity. New edition. Fully revised, with new illustra-tions. Cloth, Bvo, $4.50 net.AMONG ENGLISH HEDGEROWSBy CLIFTON JOHNSON. Introduction by HAMILTON W.MABIE. Illustrated from original photographs.Cloth, crown Bvo, $2.00.THE FAVOR OF PRINCESBy MARK LEE LUTHER. - Cloth, i2mo, $1.50.A tale of the time of Louis XIV. with Dumas' own spiritmd dash. Mme. de Pompadour, the Due de Choiseul,Rousseau, etc., are characters.NEW ILLUSTRATED BOOKSLETTERS FROM JAPANModern Life in the Island Empire. By Mrs. HUGH FRASER.Superbly illustrated. Two vols., Bvo, $7.50." Simply captivating."—Evening Post.DIOMEDrhe Life, Travels, and Observations of a Dog. By JOHNSERGEANT WISE. With over 100 illustrations by J.LINTON CHAPMAN. Cloth, i2mo, $2.00.MRS. ALICE MORSE EARLESS HOME ANCHILD LIFE IN COLONIAL DAYS'rofusely illustrated. Cloth, crown Bvo, $2.50.HOME LIFE IN COLONIAL DAYSIllustrated by photographs. $2.50.k?r , Home Life in Colonial Days " Mrs. Earle touched a very fascinating phase of American history As inlat book she described with unequaled 4 completeness, fairness, and suggestiveness" {Boston Herald) the customsin?" period S &amp; mothers, So in another volume she has illustrated and described the "Child Life" of theVEW AND POPULAR BIOGRAPHIES, ESSAYS, ETC\ABRAHAM LINCOLN: The Man of the Peopley NORMAN HAPGOOD, author of '* Essays on Literary Statesmen," etc. Illustrated. Cloth, $2.00DRAKE AND HIS YEOMENof tlifruCha-ra(^ and Adventures of Sir Francis Drake, as Told by Sir Matthew Maunsell HisQV/ 1 RCnMS h Forth Much the Narrator's Private History. By JAMES BARNES, author ofYankee Ships and Yankee Sailors," etc. Illustrated by CARLTON CHAPMAN. Y J Cloth i2mo, $2.00.OLD CAMBRIDGETHOMAS WENTWORTH HIGGINSON. The first of theat,l?nal Studies in American Letters," of which Prof.Woodberry is general Editor. Cloth, $1.50.bend for circular offorthcoming volumes.HEART OF MANBy GEORGE E. WOODBERRY, author of "The North ShoreWatch," etc. Cloth, $1.50."Very attractive pages, . . • loftily ideal."—The Nation.SEND FOR THE NEW ANNOUNCEMENT LISTTHE MACMILLAN COMPANY, NEW YORK "Rrentano's New "RooksThe Standard OperaglassBy CHARLES ANNESLEY, with a Prelude by JAMES HUNEKER, Containing the DetailedPlots of 123 Celebrated Operas, with Critical and Biographical Remarks, Dates, etc.An exceptionally valuable hand-book for all music lovers. i2mo, cloth, gilt top, $1.50.A Silent SingerA Collection of Eleven Short Stories by CLARA MORRIS. They are studies full of pathos,humor, and ingenious literary invention. All are of sustained and noteworthyinterest. They will be read with pleasure by the thousands who have admired thehistrionic ability of this distinguished actress. i2mo, cloth, illuminated, $1.25.The ShellbackBy ALEC. J. BOYD. A thrilling story of life on the sea in the last generation, andgives a vivid picture of conditions that are fast vanishing. MORGAN ROBERTSON, thewell-known writer of sea tales contributes an introduction. Illustrated. i2mo,cloth, $1.50.Cashel Byron's ProfessionBy G. BERNARD SHAW. A clever and whimsical study of English social life. Therehas been no desirable edition hitherto issued in America. The work fairly bristleswith wit from beginning to end, but the utmost good sense lies at the bottom of thestory. i2mo, $1.25.Romances of the Old SeraglioBy H. N. CRELLIN, with 28 illustrations by STANLEY L. WOOD. Stories that arewonderfully well told, some of them absorbing in their nature, and all stirring up theimaginative faculty in no small degree. i2mo, illuminated cover, $1.25.One of Cleopatra's NightsBy THEOPHILE GAUTIER. Translated by LAFCADIO HEARN.The stories have been admirably chosen, and within limited space they give the reader aclear view of the many-sidedness of Gautier's genius, . . . and may justly be ranked amongthe most remarkable literary productions of the century.—N. Y. Sun.i2mo, cloth, gilt top, $1.50.Michael Dred, DetectiveBy MARIE and ROBERT LEIGHTON. A thoroughly interesting detective story, written in aclever manner; the reader is hardly liable to put the book down before finishing.Illustrated. i2mo, cloth, $1.25.What Makes a Friend? In Friendship's NameTwo volumes compiled by VOLNEY STREAMER.These dainty little volumes contain selections from the writings of wise men in all ages ofthe world on the subject of friendship. It is a string of pearls, and the compiler has laid a widereading under contribution in forming it. Every reader will find some favorite quotation or oneto be made a favorite to cling to the memory forever.—Chicago Times.Bound in white parchment covers. Boxed, each, $1.25.BRENTANO'S, 31 Union Square, New YorkTHE CHELTENHAM PRESS, New York