Bruno's Weekly 2 4 January 22nd, MCMXVI naaq_1916-01-22_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 4 Untitled Image Illustration 1 From the autograph collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan, New York. Illustration 3 Greenwich Vilage of Yore Thomas A. Janvier cre 3-4 Limburger Cheese is the Wagner of the Nose Thomas A. Edison cre 4 The Vow: The True Story of an Ancient House Stephen Phillips cre 5 London Letter Edward Storer cre 5-7 Eternal Minutes Guido Bruno cre 7 Little Tales by Feodor Sologub Translated by John Cournos cre 8 Fuit Ilium Tom Sleeper cre 8 Golgotha Sleeper cre 9 The Cigarette After the German of Peter Altenberg, by Guido Bruno cre 9 Extra! Extra! Tom Sleeper cre 9 Allah Knows Better Just a Turkish War Story Translated from the German, author unknown, by Guido Bruno cre 9-10 In Our Village 10-12 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 12-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-15 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre: Its Real Mission 15-16 The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life and Experience in Reading Gaol His Warder cre 16-17 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 B HEbbUi EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents January 22nd, 1916N.S.E. Copyright January 15th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission olGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit isgives to author and Bruno's Weekly. READERS OFBruno's WeeklytAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS 52 Issues Two Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Squat# No. 4 JANUARY 22nd, MCMXVI Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Concluded) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of NewYork pending. From the autograph collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan,New York. Greenwich Vilage of Yore Thomas A. Janvier Greenwich Village: The Place Where One Meets Spectres REENWICH VILLAGE always has beCn to me the most at- tractive portion of New York. It has the positiveindividuality, the age, much of the picturesqueness, of thatfascinating region of which the centre is Chatham Square;yet it is agreeably free from the? foul odors and the foulhumanity which make expeditions in the vicinity of ChathamSquare, while abstractly delightful, so stingingly distressing toone's nose and soul.Greenwich owes its picturesqueness to the? protecting spiritof grace which has saved its streets from being rectangularand its houses from being all alike and which also has pre- served its many quaintnesses and beautie's of age—with suchresulting blessings as the view around the curve in MortonStreet toward St. Luke's Church, or under the arch of treeswhere Grove and Christophe'r streets are mitred together bj the little park, and the many friendly old houses which standsquarely on their right to be individual and have their ownopinion of the rows of modern dwellings all made of preciselythe same material cast in precisely the same mould.The cleanliness, moral and physical, of the village is ac- counted for by the fact that from the very beginning it hasbeen inhabited by a humanity of the better sort. FromFourteenth Street down to Canal Street, west of the! meridianof Sixth Avenue, distinctively is the American quarter ofNew York. A sprinkling of French and Italians is found withinthese limits, together with the few Irish required for politicalpurposes; and in the vcinity of Carmine! Street are scatteredsome of the tents of the children of Ham. But with these ex- ceptions the population is composed of substantial, well-to-doAmericans—and it really does one's heart good, on the Fourthof July and the 22d of February, to see the way the ownersof the roomy comfortable houses which here abound proclaimtheir nationality by setting the trim streets of Greenwichgallantly ablaze with American flags. As compared with thecorresponding region on the east side—where a score of familiesmay be found packed into a single building, and where eventhe bad smells have foreign names—this American quarter ofNew York is a liberal lesson in cleanliness, good citizenship, andself-respect.And how interesting are the people whom one hereaboutsencounters (with but the most triflling effort of the imagina- tion) stepping along the! ancient thoroughfares which once knewthem in material form!—Wouter Van Twiller, chuckling overhis easily won tobacco plantation; the Labadist envoys re- joicing becaiuse of their discovery of a country permissive ofliberty of conscience and productive of good beer; General 01.De Lancey—wearing the Tory uniform which later cost himhis patrimony—taking the air with his sister, Lady Warren,the stout, bewigged Sir Peter, and the three little? girls; Gover- nor Clinton, with the harried look of one upon whom an ad- vance copy of the Declaration of Independence has been served;Senator Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, who honored Green- wich by making it his home during the session of Congress in1789; Master Tom Paine—escaped from Madame Bonnevilleand the little boys in the house in Grove Street—on his wayto the Old Grapevine for a fresh jug of rum; shrewd oldJacob Barker, looking with satisfaction at the house in JaneStreet bought from a butcher who had enough faith in him totake the doubtful notes of his bank at par. Only in Greenwich,or below the City Hall—a region over-noisy for wraiths—willone meet agreeable spectres such as these. Thomas A. Edison. Limburger Cheese is the Wagner of the Nose The Vow: The True Story of an Ancient House Stephen Phillips. I "I struck my dear son; I, his sire,An idiot made him in my ire;I hear him mumble in the sun,And see him listless walk or run. II If I by penance might atone,-And kneeling wear away the stone!If I might hope by prayer or fastTo absolve me of my sin at last! III Can any fast or penance healThe stare thy father's hand did deal?What withering vigil can restoreThy happy laughter as of yore? IV Thy mother of thy daftness died,She did not he?ar thee at her side;Thy vacant eyes became her doom,Thy jargon laid her in the tomb. V See! by my side he loves to stand,And puts into my own his hand;And at my knee his favorite place,God! how he smiles into my facel This never before published poem of Stephen Phillips, the recentlydeceased English poet, was part of a collection of autographs sold byReverend Baunt of England, in order to provide English soldiers of hisparish with Christmas presents. The manuscripts were bought by Pat- rick F. Madigan. London Letter Edward Storer London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington. January Ist. IN the theatre world of London there is nothing to be seen atthe moment but musical comedie?s and pantomimes. Thetheatre which at Christmas always tends to develop a saccharinesentimentality touches at present the depths of banality. Thetitles of the pieces now running such as, "A Little! Bit ofFluff," "To-night's the Night," "Charley's Aunt," "Tina," "TheSpanish Main," "Betty," and "Shell Out," suggest that managersdo not feel the present to be the moment for originality orenterprise.The two most important art exhibitions of the winter, theNew English Art Club and The London Group, have recentlyopened their doors. The war again and the bad conditionswhich it creates for artists have reduced the attractiveness ofthese groups considerably. Thtf New English Art Club was indeed in doubt for a whileif it should give a winter exhibition. It has done so, butthere is little to comment on in the result. Mr. Augustus John,the most brilliant figure of this Club, shows some Irish peasanttypes drawn with the reality of which he is a master andnot a little of his on-creCping mannerism.The London group is generally the most revolutionary of theart exhibitions. Futurism and Vorticism are usually in violentactivity there, but this session neither Mr. Epstein nor Mr.Wyndham Lewis—two of the most interesting figurefs of theadvance guard— have sent anything. The Neo-Realists, Gilman,Ginner, Bevan and company, maintain a steady average ofhonest effort. They are Essentially honest painters, these three,well mannered, industrious and not without talent. They stillhold their Saturday afternoon salon up in Cumberland Market,a beautiful old London haymarket, full of light and theatmosphere of early Victorian days. Two or three yefars agosome painters discovered its charm and its good light, andbegan to colonize in the queer old rickety houses.I looked into the Poetry Bookshop in Devonshire Street theother day and great activity was evident. The public in Londonreally buys a lot of poetry at Christmas and the New Year.It has a preference for something exquisitely bound and printed,but the cheaper little books sell well too, as Christmas orNew Year cards. This house has just issued two chap books,Images, by Richard Aldington and Cadences, by F. S. Flint.They contain some charming line's. Both volumes I believeare being published shortly in the States.I should like to call the attention of your readers to A. E.'sImaginations and Reveries (Maunsel s|-). A. E. (George? W.Russel) js well known of course as one' of the men whobrought about the wonderful Irish Literary movement whichis undoubtedly the most important literary development thathas taken place in these isles for a long time. Justice hasperhaps never been done to A. E. Purposely he has kepthimself in the background, happy enough to be able to workfor his ideal which has been to breathe a new soul into hisbeloved country. It is only now beginning to be generallyrecognized what Yeats, A. E., Lady Gregory, Synge1 and allthe abbey theatre group have done not only for Ireland, buteven for England. They have provided that tradition, thatsense of co-operation and security which alone makes a nationalart possible. They have shown the writers of young Irelandthat the best way to serve themselves is to serve somethinggreater than themselves—an ideal.Imaginations and Reveries is a fine book, finer perhaps in itsdetails than as a whole, and I know that a book of suchcharacter could not possibly have come out of England. Itsinspiring words flame behind a background of rich and com- munal life. Reading them one feels the Irish people, theirpassions and their dreams, and above all, their great and un- deniable love of their country.I hope to be going to Ireland this wedc, so that perhaps in my next letter I may have something to say of the literaryisle, of Dublin and of the Irish poets, some of whom I amsure to meet. _. „ Eternal Minutes By Guido Bruno , THE two men sat in the summer-house back of the bigresidence. It was dark. The white candle on the tableflickered an insufficient yellow light. The river far belowseemed an unstransgressable separating depth of the high hillsthat grew into the heavens on the other side. Not a star shoneon the clouded skies. A big ugly moth did her best to com- mit suicide in the flame of the candle. . The air was ladenwith heaviness. It was one! of the nights that we declare ourlove, that we exchange confidences, in which we regret lostchances and resurrect dead memories. The! man with a sad,almost mourning look, broke the silence..... "And so I gave up because of my real, eternal,never changing love. I never thought that I could do it. Butlove wins. I watched her closely. I tried to understand everyone of her actions. I indulged her eccentricities. She wassick. I fdt her pain. I watched over her day and night. Andher husband was always at hand.""Your life has always been simple, my dear fellow. You,don't know what it means to love a woman, to receive favorsfrom her, all those small and big favors that make life worthliving—and then, you have to say good-night eVery evening.You have to make appointments to meet at this and that placewhen you know that she should be with you all the* time.Then there were hefr children. It's a funny thing about thosechildren* Wouldn't you expect rather strange, even fhardfeelings towards the living testimony of her devotion to an- other man? But no—I never did. They seemed to be a partof her. I loved them almost as much as herself.*'You know, we went on this way for months. Womenare such masters at burning life's candles at both ends. Theyknow that the two lights must meet some time?. And that thenthere will be darkness. But they don't think. They don'tfeel the creep of the inevitable shadow."We met every day. We lived. We kissed. We lovCd . . . God!The torture of it! When I sat evening after evening in myquiet quarters with her picture? in front of me. And she. . . . I don't know what she was doing. I only imag- ined : I believed in her with all my heart."She loved her home, the old furniture so carefully se- lected by her and for her, the old servants upon whom shedepended; she hung with all her soul upon the everyday rou- tine of living that she had followed for more than twentyyears. I was now a new factor in the new routine—a beloved• tone, but an addition. Little Tales by Feodor Sologub Translated by John Cournos Two Candles, One Candle, Three Candles TWO white candles were burning, and there? were many lampsupon the walls. A man was reading a manuscript, andpeople were listening in silence.The flames trembled. The candles also were* listening—the reading pleased them, but the flames were agitated, andtrembled.The man finished reading. The candles were blown out.Every one left.And it was just as before.A grey candle was burning. A seamstress sat sewing. Aninfant slept, and coughed in its sleep. Gusts of cold air camefrom the wall. The candle wept white, heavy tears. The tearsflowed and congealed. Dawn came. The seamstress, with redeyes, kept on sewing. She blew out the candle. She ke*pt onsewing.And it was just as before.Three yellow candles were burning. In a box lay a man,yellow and cold. Another was reading a book. A woman wasweeping. The candles flickered from fright and from pity.A crowd came. Chants were sung, incense was burned. Thebox was carried away. The candles were blown out. Everyone left.And it was just as before. Three Gobs of Spit A man went by, and spat three gobs of spit.He walked away, the' gobs remained.Said one of the gobs:"We are here, but the man is not here."Said the second:"He has gone."Said the third:"He came precisely for the purpose of planting us here. Weare the goal of man's life. He has gone, but we have remained." A Marriage A drop of rain fell through the air, a speck of dust lay onthe ground.The drop wished to unite with a hard substance; it was tiredof its free, active existence.It joined itself to the speck of dust—and lay on the grounda blob of mud. Fuit Ilium Tom Sleeper The days I have lived and longed forHave come and have gone at lastBut not all the sorrows of futureCan deaden the joys of the Past. Golgotha Sleeper YHE withered leaves have fallenThe sVark and naked treesStand shivering bleak and hopelessWhile evefry chilling breezeDrives cold November rain.A little youth—a little hopeA striving to attain—thenLike the trees the grave lies drenchedBy cold November rain. The Cigarette After the German of Peter Altenberg, by Guido Bruno. CHE was a very young and very poor waitress.She had only one passion, or better, one longing . . . .very good Egyptian cigarettes.1 gave her a few.One day I kissed her.She did not object very strenuously.Later on she said: "I am sorry—I don't enjoy any morethese fine cigarettes so much. Heretofore, I had them fornothing." Extra! Extra! Tom Sleeper ¥ ITTLE Low Lizzie is shiverin' cold," She ain't goin' to live a lot more;Over there she's a-lyingBy the empty ole stoveJust a bundle of rags on the floor.She's sufferin', too, I kin tell by her breathComes an' goes with a queer sort of sound,But soon she'll be putWhere she's wantin' to be,In a bit of a box underground.Lots of times, just the same,When I ain't sold me papers,When I'm hungry and me fingers is blue,I hitch up me belt and blow on me hands,And thinks, Lizzie—I wish I was you. Allah Knows Better Just a Turkish War Story Translated from the German, author unknown, by Guido Bruno An aga of Moerch, in Gen, had been fighting against the- rebellious Christians of Macedonia. Because a Christian—so thought the aga— never a good soldier, the dogs ofMacedonia had cut off his right hand. Therefore, he petitioned'for a pension claiming to be an invalid. But the bey decreed1that only such were invalids as have neither arms nor legs;but the aga having still his left hand and both legs could notbe considered to be made the beneficiary of a pension. The aga was a learned man who knew well the laws of his countryand who even had learned how to write. Therefore, hewrote with his left hand to the! pasha of his district, claimingto be an invalid and entitled to the pensions granted by thegovernment. The pasha decided in his favor, but becausehe had directed his claims directly to him and not to theeffendi, he had the aga punished with twenty lashes on hissoles. The aga received the twenty lashes and then entered acomplaint to the ceraskier, who commissioned the military kadiwith the investigation of the case. The* ceraskier found amongold laws and codices that only he can be a soldier of the sultanwho is in full possession of his right hand, and he also founda military law according to which soldiers could write to thdrsuperiors, using their right hand only. The aga putin asdefense that he was not a soldier any longer at the time helost his right hand. The wise kadi was of the opinion that theaga had been a soldier until dismissed by his bey, no matterwhether he was in possession of his right hand or not; andtherefore, he! should have written to the pasha with his righthand. After careful deliberation he arrived at the decision thatthe aga who, while being a soldier had written with his lefthand to a superior officer, should be punished ve'ry severely.His left hand should be cut off. Such was the verdict of themilitary kadi and he added: "Allah knows better."The grand sultan said, after having been informed of theverdict pronounced by the) kadi: "By the beard of the prophet,only a moslem can be a righteous judge." In Our Village WHATwould you answer a stranger, who after jumpingthrough the open window into your room should ask: "Whoare you?—in whose room am I?" Would you be kind and-obliging and tell him who has annoyed you who you are andwhftt the name of the street is on which the house standsupon which he has intruded, or, would you be indignant andthrow him out?Isn't it about the same* if the telephone bell rings violently,interrupting you in work, sleep or conversation, and then youliear some impertinent-sounding voice asking: "Who is thisplease?" And you know that this happens to you almost every•day. The telephone is a wonderful invention. But blessedare those? who do not need it. Its advantages are indispensable,but the annoyance it causes to the individual constantly doesnot permit us to rejoice over this commerce-promoting inven- tion. Especially here in Greenwich Village the service is un-and time-absorbing because of its inefficiency andannoying on account of the ignorance, indolence and unwilling- ness of the operators. We pay a nickel for each call, and Ibelieve we are entitled to an immediate connection; we are en- titled to a report on a number which we do not get. Thetelephone pay-stations in the various' drug stords and hotels (thenickel pay-stations) are still worse than the private wire._ Thereport "Does not answer" or "Busy" is rarely given if notasked for specifically by the? user of the telephone. 'Informa- tion' needs an unusually long time to look tip a _ name or anumber. And then there seems to be an inefficiency whichmakes itself hard felt in the? regulations concerning rooming- houses and lodging-houses. A good many rooming-houses inour village—so-called studio buildings—extend to the inhabitantstelephone privileges. The people? who live there are naturallynot registered in the telephone book but the owner of thetelephone, who is either the care-taker or the proprietor of thehouse. Very rarely do we know the name of the people and ifwe ask 'information' to give us the telephone number of suchand such a house at such and such strelet, the information willbe denied because we don't know the name under which the? tele- phone is entered, and especially hard is it to get the number insuch a house! where there are several instruments installed and theowner or care-taker of such a building neglected to state hisoccupation at the time he signed his contract.And if you have an instrument of your own on your deskor in your house, how often does the bell ring and it is a"mistake" or you don't get an answer at all or an indignant- sounding voice will answefr; "Who is this ?"Complaining!—it won't do any good. Where there is nocompetition, there is absolute independence. No matter howdisappointed, you have to continue it or go without it.Life is so short that we? really should try to exclude every- thing which adds unpleasant moments to our days. And whohasn't had unpleasant experiences with his telephone?The Greenwich Village Battalion, United States Boy Scouts,has become! an important factor in the lives of the youth of theVillage. Organized less than two years ago, it now numbersmore than three hundred members, has an up-to-date equipment,with drum, fife and bugle corps of sixty piecefs and frequentlyshows at theatres, exhibitions and at every local affair. It'sfour Captains have seen service with Uncle Sam's regulars.Drills are held each Monday and Thursday night at PublicSchool 95, Clarkson Street, near Hudson Street.A committee of lifelong residents of Old Greenwich Villagewith Charles F. Dillon, as Chairman, John McFarland, Secretary,and Jesse Heim, Treasurer, assist Colonel Nolan and hisofficers.The exhibition of paintings, marine scenes and forest scenes,including portraits of Abraham Lincoln and of Nancy Hanks,Lincoln's mother, by Captain George Edward Hall, will con- tinue on the walls of Bruno's Garret until the last days inJanuary.Charles Keeler will read in a recital in Bruno's Garret, onthe evening of Monday, January 24th, a group of etchings from his new collected poems, "The Mirror of Manhattan. Theyare realistic impressions of people met in the metropolis, withreflections from many angles of life, high and low. His pro- gram comprises, with one or two exceptions, only numberswhich have not hitherto been heard. Among them are; his"Knight Songs for Chldren" and a group from"The Victory,including picturesque and musical numbers in marked con- trast to the realistic note in his poems of New \ork life.The reading will start at 8:15 sharp. Admission by ticketonly. The seating capacity being limited, it will be necessary toclose the garret if this limit is reached.Charlotte James, well-known to the frequenters of CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre, is severely ill and win notbe able to appear at her usual seat at the1 piano, for quite awhile.Robert McQuinn, the scenic artist, who designed the stagesettings for the "Hip-Hip-Hooray" and for the latest Dilling- ham success, "Stop, Look and Listen!" closed last week acontract for a new production. He will spend a few weeksin Atlantic City, his home town, before he engages in his newwork.Pepe &amp; Brother, the real estate kings of the village, arerebuilding at present several old residences into studio build- ings. They are combining the useful with the pleasant, takinginto consideration the light and space requirements of peoplewho wish to work in comfort.Miss Gertrude C. Mosshart, publicity agent of the NationalAmerican Woman's Suffrage Association, of_ Washington, D.C., made a thorough investigation of our village during herrecent short stay in New York and she thought it would begreat to start a sort of a village in the capital. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska. Paris, January, Ist. THE enthusiasm sending a Charles Peguy — a humanistin his opinions to the war should be a proof of myassertion as to the popularity of this war at its outset beforeopinion had been fanned by the Press and the cabal of optimisticfalsehoods which MM. Tery in U Oeuvre, Compere-Morel inL'Humanite, and that tardy patriot Herve (who once said thedunghill was the only proper place for the national flag, inLa Guerre Sociale are now, somewhat late in the day and longafter the public has opened its eyes of its own begin- ning to criticize. Yet one may ask oneself whether this arti- ficially created optimism had not its advantages if it helpedto contribute to the stoicism shown by the French to everyone's, including their own, surprise.The Germans argue that war cannot be conducted courteously.The French may reply that as it cannot be conducted without hatred, therefore, as with other munitions, the more there isof it the better, and that whatever is done to increase the supplyis justified by the? end in view.If purists of the truth, humanitarians, pacifists and socialists,etc., had not undergone the metamorphosis they did it ispossible Paris would now be as German as Brussels. Whichwould be! a grievous pity.One of the leaders of the symbolist movement, Stuart Mefrrill,has just died at Versailles, his residence, at the age of fifty-twoyears. Like Jean Moreas, like the de Noailles, likeRenee Vivien, Stuart Merrill was a foreigner—an American ofthe United States—who had elected to express himself inFrench in preference to his native tongue, in which he had,however, made his first poetic attempts. He had acquired famili- arity with the language of France during his childhood, havingbeen educated at a Paris lycee. He had named his differentvolumes of poetry Les Gammes, Petits Poetnes d'Automne, LesQuatre Saisons, and Une Voix dans la Foule. M. AnatoleFrance said that he was a poet appealing only to the ear, buta poet who can hold attention by this means is a clever man.The criticism cannot, however, be Extended to all his poemsindiscriminately.M. Ricciotto Canudo, an Italian who writes in French, authorof La Ville Sans Chef, a book with ideas, has been distinguish- ing himself in Serbia, where he has been promoted to therank of captain—a title that I believe he alone among literarysoldiers has as yet attained.The poet-humourist Guillaume Appollinaire, who has oc- casionally been quoted in these columns, is a second lieutenant. Extract from a Letter to"The Egoist," London. Books and Magazines of the Week OUR old friend, Hippolyte Havel, has reached the goal of hisambition. He has a magazine of his own. Hard and dis- couraging were his tribulations, but now the two numbers pub- lished of his paper, "The Revolt," must compensate him fully.And there is another credit due Hippolyte Havel: he is theman who conceived first the idea of starting a kind of aneating-house in Greenwich Village, a place where artists andwriters could eat wholesome food in a congenial atmosphere.The Greenwich Village Inn, as it was originally on WashingtonPlace and still longer ago in the basement of 137 MacDougalStreet, called "The Basement," was his creation. His contri- butors are men well-known to the average magazine reader.But in what a different vein do they give themselves in Havel's"Revolt"! Reedy's Mirror "Three years go," says Mr. Reedy in the current issue of hisMirror, "the Encyclopedia Brittanica was sold widely at a good, plump sum on what looked like a positive guaranteethat it would never be cheaper in price at first hand. Nowthere's an edition advertised at a reduction of 46 per cent.Even though this edition is put forth by Sears, Roebuck &amp; Co.,a corporation headed by philanthropist Julius Rosenwald, there asomething like a swindle in this procedure. The purchasersof the Earlier edition were deceived or the new edition is not, asadvertised, the equal of the first. The publishers of the firstedition would appear definitely to have broken faith with thosewho bought the book, to have robbed those purchasers of the46 per cent, the purchasers of the new edition are said to save. Others, For January Edward J. O'Brien, the man who read two thousand twohundred and some odd short stories in order to select the bestand publish the titles and the names of their authors in theBoston Transcript, is represented in the January issue ofKreymborg's Magazine of the New Verse with a gentle poem,which discloses him as a luring shepherd. Max Endicoff hasin the same issue, a few etchings. He thinks just as everyone of us does, things we read a long time ago somewhere else.But he writes and calls it "Etchings." That is the difference,"see?" Yes, he is courageous. The Missouri Mule It is a monthly magazine of fun, philosophy and puns, the goodold sort of paper which used to come from our western backwoods. It really makes us laugh and it is free from the in- tricacies of artists and writers who wish to be at least twenty- five years ahead of themselves. The Nutshell From his studio in Carnegie Hall, A. G. Heaton, the artistand traveler, sends The Nutshell, his little monthly paper. _ Hesends it to his friends to whom he has owed letters for quite awhile, and to such people as he wants to remind of his ex- istence. It's a good idea to have once a month such a whole- sale letter day. The Egoist John C. Cournos contributes in the current issue' of theLondon "Egoist," to this new era of revived Russian men ofletters of twenty and more years ago, a vivid picture of,Feodor Sologub, author of twenty volumes comprising almostevery literary form, of which The Created, Legend is best knownto English readers. A few translations of his characteristicpoems taken from this issue of "The Egoist," are reproducedon another page. "The Egoist" is today the only journal, whichfinds its way from Europe to our editorial table, not saturatedwith this tiresome war business, giving a review of everythingof interest in literary matters and in art, and even not excludingGermany and Austria. Loose Leaves Number 6 of these flying fame pamphlets published by ourLondon correspondent, Edward Storer, contains a very originalarticle on "Absolute Poetry," five poems by John Goodman, anda few verses by F. Xancred, bringing us a new breath fromthe English shores. Among all the realism of our contempor- aries there seems to thrive a small group of idealists, 01artists. These poets are like architects who have abandonedthe designing of public buildings in different styles and havestarted to work on temples consecrated to gods, gods who areso real that one could mistake them for the ancient divinitiesof the Greeks and Romans. But they are just their own realgods. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre:Its Real Mission ILIST to make it clear once more: Mr. Charles Edison sJ Little Thimble Theatre has no other purpose but to giveyoung American musicians, composers, poets and playwrightsa hearing. To act as a free forum accessible to everybody who- has done something that he considers worth while and to givehim a chance to be heard by an unprejudiced audience.Judging from Mr. Edison's mail, a good many people seem tobe under the impression that the Thimble Theatre is_a kind ofphilanthropic institution for musicians and singers out of employ- ment, others mistake it for a concert hall where artists of famewill be heard. The mere fact that one has a known name, thatone has a pocketful of newspaper clippings or has sung orplayed before European princes and members of royal familiesand has received medals and crosses of honor, bars him froman appearance in the Little Thimble Theatre.It is just the American who works and toils honestly in thiscountry and has not had, for some reason or another, a chanceto be rejected or accepted by an American public, that Mr.Edison is interested in.We live in an age of recognition. The tragedy of a Poecould Hardly be repeated to-day. &gt; The good work done willultimately gain recognition and it is solely up to the man him- self to create for himself the right circle of activities. America,needs good music, good poems, good books. While the writerhas it comparatively easy to persuade a publisher to see themerits of his works, the musician is handicapped by that supremeillusion which has taken hold of all impresarios and producersof plays: that America has no music and that the Americanhas to look for real good stuff to Mother Europe. But theworst of it is they don't want even to lend themselves to anexperiment. They are afraid of everything that hasn't gotthe European label.It would be megalomania to assume that the activities of theLittle Thimble Theatre, even if successful beyond expectation,. could change this condition. But the little snowball kicked offinciaently from the high mountain grows to be a big avalanche.And if the larger public cannot be reached and tne composeror musician derives no other benefit but to play in public, hisself-confidence is being strengthened and he returns homefilled with new ambitions, and plunges into his work with newyigor.Mr. Edison invites every American musician, composer orsinger to take advantage of his Little Thimble Theatre. Seriousefforts will find serious consideration.** terser''s -*■" « ■**-**- «n,- T7.-T.^^-nir&gt;l-rnTrri'fi--T nwr- — iiimtii" ± tii niMliil ■■ mi *mm* —■ u iir ri i an niiiirnr The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life andExperience in Reading Gaol By His Warder. I NEVER saw a man who lookedWith such a wistful eyeUpon that little patch of blueWhich prisoners call the sky;And at every wandering cloudThat trailedIts revelled fleeces by AN ex-prison warder who was at Reading Gaol during theentire period of Wilde's incarceration, has drawn aside theveil that hid the ill-fated man of genius during his degradationand despair "in the depths."The publication of the? posthumous book by the great literarygenius, who "sinned and suffered," has induced this warder,who had charge of Oscar Wilde during his imprisonment, totell how that unhappy man of letters "circled the centre ofpain," as he in poignant phrase described the daily prison ordeal."The warders strutted up and down,And watched their herd of brutes."wrote Wilde on his release, and in this fragment of verse canbe read his own bitter self-contempt. Of the warders them- selves, he made no complaint — he regarded them as simplyinstruments of an iron, soul killing system that might be right—■or wrong.The warders, on their side, knew how terrible was the punish- ment the former pampered pet of society must be? undergoing,for they could see he was suffering a thousandfold becauseof his strangely sensitive temperament and previous ignoranceof all hardships and iron discipline."Poor Wilde." writes his former prison custodian, who is byno means the iron-hearted creature warders are generally sup- posed to be."I remember, before he was transferred from WandsworthPrison, the governor of Reading Gaol said to us, 'A certainprisoner is about to be' transferred here, and you should be *1 am indebted for this story to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan,i»ho has the original, in the handwriting of Oscar Wilde'swarder, and also the two manuscripts mentioned in this story. proud to think the Prison Commissioners have chosen ReadingGaol as the one most suitable for this man to serve the re- mainder of his sentence in.'"The governor never told us the! name, but directly tneprisoner arrived, we saw that 'C 33' which was his prison letterand number, afterwards made famous by him, thus signing the'Ballad of Reading Gaol,' was none other than Oscar Wilde;"The probable cause; of his transfer from Wandsworth Prisonwas his inability to comply with the regulation tasks allottedto his class of prisoner. On one or two occasions he had beenbrought up before the governor there for idleness at oakum- picking or talking."I refmember my first sight of the fallen literary idol of whomall the world was then talking in terms of infamy."A tall figure with a large head and fat, pendulous cheeks,with hair that curled artistically, and a hopeless look in hiseyes—that was Oscar Wilde as I first met him."Not even the hideous prison garb, or 'C 33,' the badge? ofignominy he bore could altogether hide the air of distinctionand ever-present intellectual force that lifted him always farabove 'the hefrd of brutes,' as he so bitterly afterwards styledhis fellow convicts and himself."From the first it was apparent to us that he was totallyunfitted for manual work, or hardships of any kind, and he wastreated accordingly."He was no good for anything—except writing, and thatas a rule, has small place inside a prison. But on account of hisformer greatness a small concession was made! him, and he wasallowed to read and write as much as he liked."Had this boon not been granted him he would, I am con- fident, have pined away and died. He was so unlike other mtfn.Just a bundle of brains—and that is all."When he arrived his hair was long and curly, and it wasordered to be cut at once."It fell to my lot as warder in charge to carry out this orderand cut his hair, and never shall I forget it."To Oscar Wilde it seemed as though the clipping of his locks,and thus placing him on the same level as the closely shorn,bullet-headed prisoners round him was the last drop in the cupof sorrow and degradation which he had to drain to thd bitterdregs."'Must it be cut,''he cried piteously to me. 'You don't knowwhat it means to me,' and the tears rolled down his cheeks."It may seem somewhat ludicrors to some who do not know,as I do, what a curiously constituted character was that ofOscar Wilde?, but I know it cut me to the heart to have to bethe person to cause him his crowning shame. Warders havefeelings, although their duty will not always allow them toshow it. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno Anything, the most unusual thing that Courtland would havedone could not have' astonished him more than this hoarselyuttered question.Mrs. Regan involuntarily made a few steps back toward thedoor of the waiting-room. There she stood for seconds thatseemed hours. Kenneth, watching the doctor, did not seeta topay any attention to her presence in the room. She opened thedoor. She opened it slowly; inch by inch the interior of thewaiting-room could be seen from the doctor's den. A nursewas busying herself noiselessly with some papers on a smalltable. In a deep leather-upholstered chair sat a young woman.Shortly after she had espied Mrs. Regan, she jumped to herfeet, crossed the room with hasty steps. "Will he go, mother ?Is he coming with us?" She! stood in the open doorway. Bothmen looked at her."Courtland!" exclaimed the girl, approaching the doctor withextended hand, "I know you'll go with us, please do.""So you are not married, Maude?" was the answer of thedoctor who had grasped the hand, holding it tightly in his.Mrs. Maude' Regan was introducing her daughter Maude, toKenneth. There seemed to be method in the madness that shehad feared to read in Courtland's face, in his actions. At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House,TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until NineRARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas Gifts%Purchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. •THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSES'AT A CTAD Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve'* at 8:20THE AO 1 UIV Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Price*) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILHOLLIDAYWith FRED NIBLO as "BILLY HOLLIDAY"GREATAMERICANPLAYAT /"i i VIM rn 42d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE CANDLER Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American CastAT I f\\ir A roc 48th Street West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE LUJNuAV/KEi Eye's, 8:30. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TIUUMFHdy The Great Lover LIBRAIRIE FRANCAISEDEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances.Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS Tllonka KafaizCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday, 8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to Thelittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.