The mask 5 1 January-February-March 1929 naau_1929-01_01 The mask 5 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 NEWS OF THE •&lt; MACBETH *• PRO. 1 ILLUSTRATIONS 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 PORTION OF A STAGE MODEL DESIGNED AND CONSTRUCTED BY GORDON CRAIG, 1913. Illustration 4 FOREWORD J. S cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 6 A FAMOUS CLOWN R. J. BROADBENT cre 7-9; 11-14 MR. BROADBENT is already known to J. S cre 7 ROBERT BRADBURY was born of 7-9; 11-14 Plate 2. Illustration 9 A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. Illustration 14 MOLIÈRE'S LETTER ON HIS WIFE 14-15 Untitled Image Illustration 15 A WORD ABOUT ACTORS. George Sand cre 15 From a design of 1536. Illustration 15 ACTRESSES AND THEIR MEMOIRS. WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TO THOSE OFADRIENNE LECOUVREUR. J. B cre 16-17 Untitled Image Illustration 16 ELLEN TERRY MEMORIAL 18 SMALL HYTHE PLACE, TENTERDEN, KENT. THE HOME OF ELLEN TERRY, 1902—1928 Plate 3. Illustration 19 SOME EXTRACTS FROM THE PRACTICE OF MAKING SCENES AND MACHINES IN THEATRES (BOOK TWO), NICOLA SABBATTINI DA PESARO cre 21-25 Figure 1. Illustration 22 Figure 2. Illustration 23 Figure 3 a. Illustration 24 Figure 3 b. Illustration 24 Figure 4. Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 TWO LETTERS FROM GORDON CRAIG RELATIVE TO THE PRODUCTION 26-28 LADY MACBETH 26-27 LIGHT AND SHADOW E. G. C cre 27-28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 THE MACBETH PRODUCTION IN NEW YORK. 28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 THIS WORLD... THAT WORLD A COMMENT ON THE ART OF GORDON CRAIG PERCY MACKAYE cre 28-29 GENUINE GORDON GEORGE JEAN NATHAN cre 30 Untitled Image Illustration 30 SOME EXTRACTS FROM THE AMERICAN JOURNALS. 31-32 HEAD OF MOUNET-SULLY. Engraved by Felix Vallottin. Illustration 33 ANOTHER BOOK ABOUT STAGE DECORATION d. n. l cre 35-38 Untitled Image Illustration 35 P. S. &amp; N. B. - J he above signature is not to be Ed cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 ELINOR WYLIE. C cre 38 L'EGLISE ST. ROCH. PARIS. C cre 38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 SOME NOTES ON THE FLAN OF VENICE. 1500. 39-41 Rolewinck, Venice 1480. Illustration 39 Untitled Image Illustration 41 WALDTEUFEL TWO LETTERS RELATIVE TO THE NOTE PUBLISHED IN THE LAST NUMBER OF "THE MASK" 41-42 FROM "THE SKATERS" TO "MY DARLING" Isle of Jethou, Guernsey, C. I cre 41-42 A REPLY FROM D. P. D. P cre 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 FOREIGN NOTES. 42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 GLASGOW. Ed cre 42 ||N several occasions I have drawn attention here to 42 W H Y~Y O U SHO U L D BU Y T H E~\I"ASK 42 BOOK REVIEWS. 43-46 Untitled Image Illustration 43 MOLlbRE - A BIOGRAPHY by 43-44 WILLIAM CONGREVE. Edited 44 VOLPONE. Adapted by Stefan 44 THE MEMOIRS OF J. M. Dent, 44-45 IT'S SMEE by George Shelton, Ernest Benn Limited, Price 5/- net. D. P cre 45 ORIGIN AND DEVELOPMENT 45-46 THE WHITE WALLET by 46 THE EVERYMAN SERIES. 46 EDITORIAL NOTES JANUARY: FEBRUARY: MARCH: 46-47 THE CREDO OF THE MASK 46-47 Untitled Image Illustration 46 PERSONALITY AND 47 o ''HAMLET'', o 47 FEL IX VALLOTIN. 47 MACBETH DESIGNS. 47 Untitled Image Illustration 47 LAST WORDS. 48 SENSIBLE PEOPLE D. P cre 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 A MEANINGLESS PHRASE DEMPSEY A ACTOR. SALARY OF £ 2000 A WEEK. E. G. C cre 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 MORE HIGHBROW FUN 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 MONSIEUR SAINT E-BEUVE 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 o A N ATOM OF TIME.o 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 BEHIND THE TIMES. 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 A FAMOUS CLOWN. 48 Untitled Image Illustration 48 VII. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 49 IX. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 51 XI. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 53 XII. Plan of Venice 1500. Illustration 55 ~—— 1111 IB. I%/ | '• / % . T|JL JL JLJ— A JLi A JPh, V k-/ Ji jk. VOLUME FIFTEEN. NUMBER ONEJANUARY-FEBRUARY-MARCH19 2 9 "" " &gt;* .tan.^aaSufwitt ?»»&lt;• t trwMh • :•' , '. '. v &gt; \ lW3'\n'/&gt; » \ 1 t *» t n &lt; ~&gt; f »*• f&gt;r$fp &gt; , . • r rrti 4. ' ■ i • ■■. ■ -., $ j '»ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION ftSk DE LUXE EDITIONTEN SHILLINGS TWENTY SHILLINGS(post free) fT= jO /(post free)o fc4 A °TWO &amp; A HALF DOLLARS FIVE DOLLARSFOR AMERICA FOR AMERICAADDRESS: BOX 44 4. FLORENCE. ITALY. THE MASK. JANUARY-MARCH 1929 NOTICE TO CONTRIBUTORS. The Editor is always glad to consider articles and illustrations fromexperts in theatre history and art, which result from special research or personal experience. Where stampedand addressed envelopes are included, every effort will be made to return in due course rejected contributions ;but in no circumstances can he hold himself responsible for safe custody or return. All articles should betypewritten.Address : The Editor : " The Mask ", Box 444, Florence, Italy. The Mask1908 1929 THE MASK19 2 9 See page 40. THE MASK1929 All Rights reserved. March 1929.D irett ore-responsabile Antonio Maraini.Tipografia L. Franceschini - Firenze. MASK 1929. LTHE MASK 1929. THE MASK 1929. nili A/ASK i&lt;)2g. NEWS OF THE •&lt; MACBETH *• PRO.DUCTION, WITH DESIGNS FORSCENES BY GORDON CRAIG, at theKnickboc.ker Theatre, New York.MORE TECHNICAL SECRETS OF 16THCENTURY SCENOGRAPHY from theBook of Nicola Sabbattini.ON SOME ACTRESSES* MEMOIRS,LOVE AFFAIRS. AND ON LOVE,Observations and Considerations by J. B. A FAMOUS CLOWN, ROBERT BRAD- BURY by R. J. Broadbent.OLD VENETIAN THEATRES, SOMEHISTORICAL NOTES,TWO LETTERS FROM GORDON CRAIGon the Lighting of " Macbeth " and the partof Lady Macbeth.NEWS OF THE ELLEN TERRY MEMO- RIAL, WALDTEUFEL'S WALTZES,NEW BOOKS, and many other matters. ILLUSTRATIONS SIX LARGE SECTIONS COMPLETING A MAGNIFICENT PLAN OFVENICE 1500OF WHICH THE SIX PRECEDING PLATES APPEARED LAST QUARTER.A STAGE MODEL, 1913 BY GORDON CRAIG. BRADBURY THE FAMOUSCLOWN. A VIEW OF SMALL HYTHE PLACE. DIAGRAMS OF SIXTEENTHCENTURY SCENIC DEVICES. LITERARY CONTENTS. 1-OREWORD . . . . . . . . .J. S. . . . . . . page 1A FAMOUS CLOWN R. J. Broadbent. . . . .3MOLIERE'S LETTER ON HIS WIFE .... Moltere 8ACTRESSES AND THEIR MEMOIRS . . . . J. B 10THE ELLEN TERRY MEMORIAL 12THE PRACTICE OF MAKING SCENES AND MA- CHINES ......... Nicola Sabbattini. . . . .13TWO LETTERS RELATIVE TO THE PRODUCTIONOF " MACBETH . . . . • . . Gordon Craig . . . . .18THIS WORLD... THAT WORLD Percy Mackaye 20GENUINE GORDON George Jean Nathan .... 22SOME EXTRACTS FROM AMERICAN PAPERS on theProduction of " Macbeth . . . . . . Various writers . . . . .23ANOTHER BOOK ABOUT STAGE DECORATION . d. n. 1. §27ELINOR WYLIE C 30L' EGLISE ST. ROCH, PARIS C .30NOTES OF THE PLAN OF VENICE, 1500 . . . Anon 31WALDTEUFEL, Two Letters on the a previous Article . Faith Compton Mackenzie &amp;D. P. . 33FOREIGN NOTES. BOOK REVIEWS. EDITORIAL NOTES. LAST WORDS. ILLUSTRATIONS. A DESIGN FOR A STAGE MODEL, 1913 . . . Gordon Craig . . Plate 1. Face 1STILL VAULTING by MR. BRADBURY " 2. " 4A VIEW OF SMALL HYTHE PLACE . n 3. n 12A SILHOUETTE ........ Chodowiecki 8HEAD OF MOUNET-SULLY F&amp;ix Vallottin . . . Page 25A 1500 PLAN OF VENICE. Six concluding plates .iHead and Tail Pieces from old and modern Designs. PORTION OF A STAGE MODEL DESIGNED AND CONSTRUCTED BY GORDON CRAIG, 1913. FOREWORD J. S. WITH this number "The Mask" begins its fif- teenth volume.Founded in 1908, it has, save for an in- terval caused by the war, carried on ever since,and it still stands for all that it stood for from the outsetstill exists, as it has always existed, to serve the Theatre'sbest interests, by serving to its utmost the Artists of theTheatre, stanGing by and tor the best men and the best workrTf # 1 1 VfV-TAAX#1 o our friends we have no need to say this: theyknow it: they have seen the proofs of it through fourteenolumes extending over twenty years. But there are some/ho still enjoy directing their popguns against " The Mask "discharging such epithets as "precious", "a personaljrgan of publicity ' and other like small missiles which,negligible in themselves, at times, buzzing around, confuse others who are keen to be honestly informed, and whoseacquaintance with "The Mask", and the whole Idea forwhich it stands, is but just beginning.We therefore repeat that, far from being "precious"or a "personal organ of publicity", "The Mask" championsthe finest creative artists wherever they are to be found:supports the sanest, most active-minded, most far-sighted andpractical men and women in the world of the Theatre; isalways on the look-out for good work in every branch ofTheatre endeavour, not only of today and in any one na- tion, but in all periods and all lands; and, to make it clearto our newer readers and adherents what we are workingfor... and against,... in what direction we are moving, wereprint once more, on a later page, the tenets which...on our original principle of "After the Practice theTheory"... we published first in 1918 and again in 1923, and to which we still adhere. A FAMOUS CLOWN By R. J. BROADBENT. J. S. MR. BROADBENT is already known toreaders of "The Mask "bis arti- cle on "A Forgotten Harlequin " publishedin Volume XII, 1926.He is one of those patient and thoroughI students to whom other students owe gratitudebecause, instead of repeating and refurbishingwhat others have already brought within oureasy reach, he brings to light for us littleunnoticed or unremembered facts and detailsabout forgotten figures or events, and so addsto the co-ordinated sum of our Theatre's history.His book on " Pantomime " issued yearsago Was a valuable contribution to that branchof the Theatre art. His Ms. histories of theManchester and Chesterly been purchased by the CorporationLiverpool, and his Ms histories of 18th Cen- tury Lancashire Theatres now have an abidingplace in Harvard University Library,... whichis all to the good of the Theatre.Bradbury, the " famous Clown " ofwhom the present article treats, is so far for- gotten that he is not theDictionary of National Biography, and weadmire, while we are grateful to, Mr. Broad- bent for having made such a careful searchfor such good stuff." The Mask " bas many times urged thatTheatre students and historians should con- centrate their efforts on bringing the unknownto light and giving us a rich page or so asthe fruit of serious andrather than large volumes.but rearrangements of what we already know.The Theatre needs more such students asMr. Broadbent, and we hope some of likequality may be already at Work, and pre- sently give us a few new facts and dates to.fill in the blanks where ignorance orgetfulness have long obscured the truth about the Theatres's personalities and events. Plate 2. A SILHOUETTE BY CHODOWIECKI. ROBERT BRADBURY was born ofhumble parents at Manchester,about 1777. He was apprenticed to acabinet-maker at Liverpool, where at the Theatre Royal he debuted under s. w.Ryley's management in the December of1798. Bob's prodigious strength andremarkable activity soon brought him intoprominence, for on the production or" Harlequin in the Moon " on BoxingNight, 1 798, he, as Clown, ran up thelattice work of the proscenium to the boxes,and administered condign punishment to ayoung coxcomb who had been disturbingthe performance for sor* considerabletime. A month later he almost terminatedhis career by falling down one of thetraps, and breaking his collar-bone duringa pantomimic pursuit in " HarlequinSailor." This accident was a lesson tohim, for he ever afterwards wore ninestrong pads about bis person in order togo through those unique feats for whichhe was distinguished,Bradbury after leaving Liverpool,joined Astley at the Royal Circus, London,but it was with 'longing eyes he lookedtowards the scene of his birth, where,under the management of Cimex, theequestrian, he appeared at the Chatham -Street Circus for a brief season duringthe winter of 1804. Two years laterhe was principal Clown in John Cooke'sCompany at the Olympic Circus, Liverpool,where he became a favourite, especiallywith the irrepressible " chummies " at the" sweeps' corner "—the corner of the arenanext to the stage.The winter of 1 806 saw Bob makinghis first bow at the Theatre Royal,Manchester, which house was then underthe management of Macready, father ofthe celebrated tragedian. Here Bradburymade his first appearance as Horatio in " A False Friend; or The Assassin ofthe Rocks," The following year he wasengaged at Sadler's Wells to fill JoeGrimaldi's place in the pantomime duringhis absence in the country at a trial.Bradbury became such a favourite withthe good folks of Clerkenwell, that whenGrimaldi returned the proprietors told himthat it would not be politic to make anychange, and thought it advisable thatBradbury should finish the season. "Then"exclaimed Grimaldi, "I am ruined! "However, on Bradbury's benefit nightit was arranged that both Clov/ns shouldappear together ; Bradbury sustaining thepart of Clown for the first three scenes,and Bradbury coming in again at theclose. Grimaldi soon found that thedoubts and fears he had experienced asto his popularity were groundless, for hisreception was most cordial.On February 2,1808, Bradburyplayed Clown in the production at theTheatre Royal, Manchester, of TomDibdin's celebrated pantomime, " Harle- quin and Mother Goose ; or The GoldenEgg." The pantomime was played bythe stock company, and the cast includedAtkinson as Mother Goose, Tom Ellaras Colin (afterwards Harlequin ), Nobleas Avaro (afterwards Pantaloon), MissHudson as Cabin Boy, York as OddFish, or Water Sprite, and Bradbury asSquire Bugle (afterwards Clown). Asfar as can be ascertained this was thefirst pantomime of any pretension playedon the Manchester stage. The pantomimehad originally been produced at CoventGarden, where it ran 1 10 nights. InLondon Grimaldi laid the foundation ofthe fame of " Mother Goose; but inManchester it was said that Bradburynever had an equal in the motley garb.Early in 1809 Bradbury returned tohis many Manchester friends, and in April lie opened his new Amphitheatre,Spring Gardens, where he appeared asClown in " Harleqifm Mandarin," inwhich character he also gave a Lancashireclog dance. He was also seen as theRobber of Genoa in the serious pantomimeof " The Robber of the Black Forest,"also in The D eserter of Naples,"" Valentine and Orson," and a revivalof " Mother Goose." In May he tooka benefit, during which he introduced theLion's Leap, and the Blacksmith's Anvil.In the latter performance, he supportedan anvil on his chest, while three smithsstruck upon it a merry peal as if at workin the smithy.Bradbury's house, being the onlyplace of amusement open at the time,fully commemorated, on Thursday evening,October 26, 1809, the jubilee ofGeorge HI. With a grand flourish oftrumpets, Bradbury announced the perfor- mance " Jubilee !! ! Jubilee !! ! Brad- bury's New Amphitheatre, Spring Gardens.On Thursday, October 26, 1809, willbe produced, for the first time, an entirelyNew, Grand, Loyal, Burletta SpectacleEffusion, with truly superb scenery, dresses,and decorations, entitled ' The BritishPatriot; or The Jubilee of 1809.' " Inthis " Burletta spectacle effusion " wasintroduced " a superb hall, decoratedwith our most splendid victories, and themost brilliant transparency of our BeloveaSovereign. Concluding with a new ap- propriate grand finale and chorus, writtenby Francis Dukinfield Astley, Esq., forthe occasion." All this was followed byanother " new grand " pantomime, called" Zoah and Koah" and " A granddisplay" of horsemanship, slack ropedancing, " ground and lofty tumbling,"" imitations of various birds " &lt;kc. Thejubil ee performances were continued severalnights into November, the entertainments. including yet further new pantomimicdisplays, such as 44 The Magic World ;or The Man in the Moon," 44 HarlequinPlighlander," &amp;c.In my manuscript History of theManchester Stage (now the property ofthe Libraries Committee of Liverpool) !related that Bradbury's piece de resistancewas the first production in the town (inNovember) of a pantomimic entertainmentfounded on Shakespeare's tragedy of" Macbeth." Bradbury played Macbeth,Mr. and Mrs. Makeen (both hailingfrom the Royal Circus, London) appearedin the respective roles of Macduff andLady Macbeth, Williams, the tightropedancer, played Banquo, while Davis, theHarlequin of the company, appeared asHecate. This was followed by yetanother comic pantomime, called 44 Harle- quin Entombed." Bradbury brought hisbrief, but apparently prosperous season toa close on Friday, December I, finishingup with yet one more " new comicpantomime,"—this 44 Harlequin Cockney;or London Displayed," in which he appea- red as Clown, Lewin as Harlequin, andMiss Davis as Columbine.At Christmas Bob went to Dublin,where at the Crow Street Theatre, heproduced 45 Mother Goose," with himselfas Clown, Tom Filar as Harlequin, JimByrne as Pantaloon, and Miss Giroux asColumbine. 1he music was arranged byTom Cooke. The pantomime, whichwas brought out in great splendour, provedhighly remunerative. Th is was Bradbury'sfirst appearance in Dublin, and for aperiod of twenty years he was a primefavourite with local audiences. Fie at- tracted so much attention by his love ofdisplay that he was called the BeauBrummell of all the Clowns. When hedrove to the theatre in his tandem, aperforming bear was seated by his side. No wonder then that the receipts of hisbenefit leached the high figure of £560,During the run or " Harlequin andMcAer Goose," Bradbury met with anaccident which might have proved fatal.While in the act of drawing himself tothe celling fey his teeth, he lost his hold,and fell a distance of twenty-two feet onto the stage, but without the slightestinjury to his hardy frame.Another noteworthy occurrence wasthat Jim Byrne, the Pantaloon of thestock company, and a local actor, appliedto Manager 44 Buck " Jones for a rise ofsalary, and Jones had responded by dissmissing him. This seriously affectedBradbury in the business of the pantomime,as without having been sufficiently rehearsed,one Melly was cast for Pantaloon, withthe result that many of the tricks werebungled. Irritated beyond all endurance,Bradbury addressed the audience, and thematter was taken up by the 4J Hibernian1 elegraph." Thereupon, Jones commenceda libel action against the newspaper forcommenting invidiously upon the affair,which, however, had a happy ending asByrne was reinstated.The Eastertide of 1 810 witnessedthe return of Bradbury to the ManchesterAmphitheatre, or as the Press quaintlydenominated it, 46 The Slaughter Houseof Care. Pie led off his entertainmentswith feats of horsemanship, tight-ropedancing, and another pantomime, " Har- lequin and the Miser ; or The Goddessof Fancy," with himself as Clown.Bradbury, as usual, hit the taste of thetown, and was rewarded with over-flowinghouses. In another pantomime, called44 Edwin of the Green ; or Harlequinand the Magic," a very pleasing Columbineof the period, Mrs. Wybrow, gave newzest to the performances. On May 21,Bradbury produced, for the first time, another of his prolific brood of pantomimicentertainments, this " a new chivalric,heroic, serio comic pantomime" called" Harlequin warrior ; or Jack the GiantKiller," in which both Mrs. Wybrowand himself shared the honours. Earlyin June, Bradbury produced "an entirenew and solendid serious piece, writtenJt &amp;&gt;by a gentleman of Manchester," called" Monteith." The title sounded seriousenough, but Bradbury, who appeared asSt. Clair of the Isles, and Mrs. Wybrowas Ambrosine (f&lt; ward of the Earl ofRoskellyn, and in love with St. Clair ")imparted a pantomimic flavour to theperformances. The season, was broughtto a close after the Whitsuntide holi- days.Towards the close of 1810 Bradburyopened a Boxing Saloon in I empleLane, Dublin, where he taught boxing.Late in the following January the CrowStreet Theatre favoured its patrons witha capital pantomime, " Harlequin fromthe Moon", the rare printed book ofwhich has a frontispiece in which Bradburyas Clown is depicted with an invertedflower pot on his head, playing anticswith a donkey.On December 26, 1818, Bob playedClown at Drury Lane in a short-lived,satirical pantomime, entitled " Harlequinand the Dandy Club.'' The non-successof the piece was not clue to the perfor- mers, but to the pantomime having neitherspirit, nor object, or splendour of sceneryto compensate for such, radical defects.At the initial performance disapprobationbegan early to manifest itself, and thecrisis was hastened by the clamours of aperson in one of the dress-boxes, who ledthe opposition. When the curtain finallyfell, Bradbury came forward to announcethe pantomime for a subsequent night, buthe could not prevail on the audience to allow him a hearing. The next night hehad to make an apology to the public" for his persevering resistance to theirwill." Consequently, the pantomime waswithdrawn on the third night, and " TheSilver Arrow ; or Harlequin and theFairy Paribannon " was substituted onJannuary 6, 1819, with Fred Hartlandas Clown in place of Bradbury. " TheTimes " said that Bob's dismissal was anunmerited hardsh ip, and a newspaper waron the subject ensued in the columns ofthe " Morning Chronicle." No salarywas paid to Bradbury for his engagement,but a benefit was accorded him at DruryLane, on February 5, 1819. Bradburyappeared at the Crow Street Theatre,Dublin, in May, as Henry in the ballet," The Deserter of Naples." In theautumn he was at the Coburg Theatre,where he was the original representativeon the equestrian stage of Dick Turpin,the renowned highwayman, whose reputedride to York had not then been writtenby the celebrated novelist, William HarrisonAinsworih, who, like Bradbury, was aMancunian, and, what is not generallyknown, a good amateur actor.The Christmas of 1821 witnessedBob as Clown at the Theatre Royal,Hawkins Street, Dublin, in " Dick Whit- tington and his Cat." To show theimportance of the Clown in those daysthere were twelve scenes in the harlequinadeand only five in the opening. Four yearslater Bradbury was in Scotland havingbeen engaged by the eccentric FrankSeymour for the old Theatre Royal,Glasgow, where he produced " Harlequinand Cock Robin ; or The House thatJack Built." Twenty new scenes werepainted, of which the opening and trans- formation scenes were very fine. Thecomic scenes, ten in number, were alllocal subjects. Bradbury, of course, played Clown, Joe Frimley, Harlequin, and oldEdmund James, Pantaloon.In February, 182/, "Bradbury in as- sociation with another popular pantomi- mist, named Norman, opened the oldFishambles Street Theatre, Dublin, as asort of variety house, under the name ofthe Sanspareil. Here ballets, pantomimes,tight-rope exhibitions, &lt;&amp;c., were given ;but the venture proved a failure, and inJune 1828 Bradbury returned to theTheatre Royal, Hawkins Street, to playClown in " Harlequin and Poor Robin;or The House that jack Built." Thiswas Bob's last engagement in Dublin.He subsequently returned to London,where he experienced all the vicissitudesof poverty before he closed his eyes indeath.Many stories are told or Bradbury,it is related that at one period of hislife he turned preacher, but subsequentlyreturned to his profession. His old rival,Grimaldi, stated that when he acted andsung at one of Bradbury's benefits thelatter was hissed for some gross act ofimpertinence. "It must have been grossindeed to disgust at that period '* wroteWalter Donaldson in his " Recollectionsor an Actor." Donaldson, who knewboth performers, said that " Grimaldi wasnot particular to a shade. Besides wemust not place too much faith in respectto what one Clown says of another inthe same line of business."" Boz " has recorded in the " Me- moirs of Grimaldi " how Bradbury cameto be incarcerated in a private asylum atHoxton. The circumstances which ledto his confinement were briefly these ;It appears that Bradbury while diningwith some naval officers at Portsmouthlost a magnificent gold snuff-box, with agold chain attached. Suspicion fell upona junior member of the company, and it # ©' *upon his portmanteau being searched thebox was found, together With severalarticles belonging to his companions.Bradbury was determined to prosecute',and the culprit was committed for trial.The relatives in their anxiety to pre- serve the good name of the family offeredlarge sums to Bradbury if he wouldabandon the prosecution, but at firstwithout avail. Subsequently they offeredhim a handsome annuity, which aftersome hesitation he decided to accept.The next step was how Bradburycould accept the money without injuringhimself and the one he desired to save.To do this he caused the report to becirculated that he had suddenly becomeinsane ; committing many acts of apparentlunacy, and in a short time he was con- veyed to the asylum. Here he remaineduntil the purloiner of the snuff-box wasset at liberty, there being no prosecutorto give evidence against him. The trialover, Bradbury made arrangements forhis own release, which was soon effected.A somewhat different version of thestory is given by Ryley in The Itine- rant." Ryiey declared that on discoverythe thief cut his throat, the blood fromwhich spurted over Bradbury, some evengoing down his throat. This, togetherwith the horror of what had happened,turned Bradbury temporarily insane, andhe was removed to an asylum, fromwhich, by the aid of Dubois, the pante- rnimist, he managed to make his escapeisome few weeks later. Meanwhile, theculprit had recovered from his wound andsailed for India before Bradbury couldprosecute. At the time the latter deniedthat there was any truth in the state- ment that his insanity was all a scheme,for which he had been rewarded withan annuity. The snuff-box, the cause ofall the trouble, was highly prized by Bradbury, not daly for its intrinsic valuf;,but because it bad been presented to himby bis old frfersd, F. D. Astley, during;the time Bradbury was in management inManchester.In the " Memoirs of Grimaldi " it iserroneously stated that Bradbury couldneither read, nor write, and that he diedin 1828. Poor Bob died on July 21,1831, at Royal Street, Westminster, andwhen (according to the Church register)he was aged fifty-four years. Pie wasburied, five days later, at the expense ofAndrew Ducrow, with whom Bradburyfirst became acquainted at the OlympicCircus, Liverpool, where the former wasthen known as Andrew, the tight-ropeboy. Ducrow and his company attendedthe interment in the old burial-ground ofSt. Mary's, Lambeth. No stone marksthe resting-place of the once famous Clown,nor is the cemetary there, it having beenconverted into a recreation ground manyyears ago. MOLIÈRE'S LETTERON HIS WIFE MR. Chat field Taylor gives us ike following translationof this letter in his remarkable Life of Molierewhich is reviewed on another page of this number of" The MaskIt is taken from a book called ee The FamousComedienne an anonymous publication of 1638,fifteen years after Moliere's death.The scene is Moliere9$ garden at Auteuil, trie timeafter his separation from his wife, the topic his strangeunhappy happiness. Chape lie his friend rallies him uponhis Weakness, saying that nothing is more ridiculous thanto love anyone who will not respond to affection, andasserts that he Would feel for such a woman such contemptthat it Would cure him of his passion.Then comes Moliere's long speech, which is so likea letter thai We believe it to have been a letter lifted by(he anonymous author and turned into a speech. Moliereend no one else could have thought, felt and said whatis here said, thought end fell. Ed. | see clearly, " rejoined Moliere," that youhave never really loved. You take love'ssemblance for love itself. Although I mightU Jgive you infinite examples to demonstrate thepower of that passion, I shall merely giveyou a faithful account of my own troubles ,so that you may understand how little we aremasters of ourselves when once love's domi- nion is assured. As for the consummateknowledge of the human heart you say theportraits 1 am constantly presenting to thepublic prove me to possess, I acknowledgethat I have endeavoured to understand itsweaknesses ; but if science teaches me thatdanger should be avoided, experience con- vinces me only too thoroughly that escape isimpossible. I judge this daily from myself.My disposition is by nature extremely af- fectionate, and all my efforts have neverenabled me to overcome an inclination toward,love ; hence 1 sought to make myself happy,— that is to say, as happy as a man with asensitive heart may be, — and, convincedthat few women are deserving of sincereaffection, that interest, ambition, and vanityare at the root of ail their intrigues, Iendeavoured to insure my happiness by theinnocence of my choice. 1 took my wife,so to speak, from the cradle, and educatedher with the care which has given rise torumours which have doubtless reached yourears. I persuaded myself that ! could inspire her with the habit of sentiments time alonecould destroy, so I neglected nothing to attainthis end. As she was still young when Imarried her, I perceived none of her evilpropensities, and deemed myself a little lessunfortunate than the majority of those whocontract similar engagements. Neither didmy eagerness diminish after marriage ; yet ffound so much indifference in her that Ibegan to perceive all my precautions hadbeen useless, and that the feelings she hadfor me were far indeed from those myhappiness demanded. Reproaching myselfwith a sensitiveness -which seemed ridiculousin a husband, I ascribed to her dispositionthat which was really due to her want ofaffection lor me; yet 1 had but too manyopportunities of perceiving my error, for themad passion she contracted soon afterward forthe Comte de Guiehe occasioned too muchcommotion to leave me even this appearanceof tranquillity. So soon as 1 knew the truth,finding it impossible to change her, I sparedno endeavour to conquer myself. Employingall the strength of mind I could command, Isummoned to my aid everything that mightconsole me. Deeming her a person whosesole merit had lain in her innocence, andwhose infidelity robbed her of all charm, Iresolved henceforth to live with her as anhonourable man whose wife is a coquette,and who is well persuaded that, whatevermay be said, his reputation is not affectedby the misconduct of his spouse. But Ihad the mortification to discover that a womanwithout great beauty, who owed what littleintelligence she possessed to the education Ihad given her could in one instant destroyall my philosophy. Her presence made meforget all my resolutions ; the first words shesaid in her defence left me so convinced thatmy suspicions were ill founded that f askedher pardon for having been so credulous.However, my kindness wrought no changem her, and in the end I determined to livewith her as if she were not my wife ; but ifyou knew what I suffer, you would pity me.My passion has reached such a point as tocause me to sympathise with her ; and whenI realise how impossible it is for me toconquer my feelings for her, 1 then tell myselfthat she has, perhaps, a like difficulty inovercoming her love coquetry; so I findmyself more disposed to pity than to blame, No doubt you wili tell me one must bea poet to love thus ; yet, tor my part, I holdthat there is only one kind of love, and thatthose who have not experienced such tender- ness have never truly loved. In my heart,all things of this world are associated withher ; and so entirely are my thoughts givenover to her that when she is away nothinggives me pleasure. When ! behold her,transports of emotion which can be felt butnot descr ibed, d epnve me of all power ofreason, and no longer having eyes for herfaults, I see only her lovable qualities. Isnot this the last extremity of folly, and doyou not marvel that all my reason servesonly to make me aware of my weaknesswithout giving me the strength to master it? " A WORD ABOUT ACTORS. George Sand. From a design of1536. like actors, and this has often scandalized my con- * ventiortal friends. I have also been criticized for likingpeasants, among whom I have passed my life. As pea- sants labour in the light of the sun to give us our dailybread, so actors, toiling at night by gaslight, give us thefood by which our imaginations are nourished. And thisfood is needed by our minds, so often wearied and worriedby the realities of life. ACTRESSES ANDTHEIR MEMOIRS. WITH SPECIAL REFERENCE TOTHOSE OFADRIENNE LECOUVREUR. J. B. (1) do not believe some of these ladies, —1 Madame Sorel I am bound to believe.Anything else would be unthinkable. Butwhen she compares Lecouvreur, Bernhardtand Duse, saying that " everyone knows thematernal agony Sarah Bernhardt sufferedand " everyone knows also of the passionwhich devoured the Duse for the great Italianpoet d'Annunzio and when she also bringsRachel into the group, then I pause anddiscover that 1 cannot believe in all theseladies, and I think some of them have deceivedMadame Sorel.Of Duse she writes : " Elle me livra sonsecretLivreris to deliver : to hand over : totrust: to give up : to betray.If Duse handed over her secret, that wasto betray it — or trust it—to Madame Sorel.Personally 1 have never believed in this" secret ", it is so well known. If womenhave been in love and out of it, so havemen, and the poets have shown us that itcan be a great pain, this passion. But thepoets have been merciless only to love itself,never to the human beings. Poets do nottake sides ; — the writers of " Memoirs " aretoo often apt to do so. Neither do all menor all women hand over their secret to us, forit is, after all, they know, part of a fardeeper secret,... the whole secret of life. So1 am forced to suppose that actresses arestill acting when they betray their secret to another actress, so that a fable shall becreated, and fools enter it solemnly in thetheatrical histories of the time.And so, when we come to Lecouvreur,we must ask, did she confide in someone ?— No indeed ; it was not quite such a stupidcentury. She was loved by and lovedMaurice de Saxe.(l) She was hated by and(1 hope) hated the Duchesse de Bouillon.The Duchess is supposed to have had herpoisoned. I believe very little of the wholestory.Adrierme is also reported to have hadother lovers, Voltaire among them. I don'tbelieve it.I suppose her to be very unlike that dearSophie Arnould, and quite unlike Clairon,Guassin, Laguerre, de Maupin, La Pare,Du The, Deschamps, and a hundred othermembers of that Pretty Theatre with whicha writer in " The Mask " has from time totime concerned himself. (2) As for Rachel, inwhat does Mile. Lecouvreur resemble herexcept that Rachel also was a noble womanif a far greater actress. In Rachel's time the oldnotion of an actress as something pretty toplay with was beginning to fade. The newnotion was coming in, — and the nation was" revolt A Rachel should be above revolt.Yet she revolted against the Comedie F rangaise.She set a bad example, for first she pushedto get into the Comedie Frangaise.And so with these chosen lovers. Firstthe actress selects him out of some tenthousand others, and then, when she findsthat life, with love and all else that it holds,is not going to shape itself as she wants, shebegins to look distracted, then to cry, and atlast, falling into the arms of her dear conso- latrice, she blabs her secret. So little truthdoes she tell that she does it beautifully.Never do we overhear these words issuingfrom her mouth to be listened to with aweby the confidante : —" I was a fool — 1 was like a millionothers — I was sorry for myself — I wasdistracted because 1 was vain. I loved, ohyes I loved if that is to be called love —but if you ask me now what love is I willtell you that it is so great and so good athing that nothing can destroy it. You women who pule about your lost lovers and lost lovenever have loved. "The commonest word in the language isthe word Love : used every where by everyoneone way, another way, every way. So manyvariations of the good thing itself have crea- ted as many variations in the word. Yet therarest thing in the world is Love.Pearls, or stars, are rare things in their way— yet pearlies are not pearls, and Giro hasnot really created a pearl, yet, though hemay think, and they may think, he has. LolaMontez and La Belle Otero were " stars"but for all that are no stars.There is nothing easy in the process ofbecoming a real pearl... or a real star. Andthat genuine and indestructible thing Love iseven less easily created.The charming actress, dancer or singer whohas talked about and written about her amourssometimes comes in time to take the stuff forlove. Perhaps they were deceived by others,but they thoroughly hoaxed themselves anyhow.Even poets find it difficult to exactly definelove. Yet there is one poet (one of the leastappreciated in England today) who tells usin fourteen lines quite clearly what Love is :so it seems fitting at this moment, when somany people are writing and reading looselyabout the imitation, to reprint some of hislines about the genuine thing : —&lt;s .... Love is not loveWhich alters when it alteration finds.Or bends with the remover to remove :O no ; it is an ever-fixed mark,That looks on tempests, and is never shaken.It is the star to every wandering bark,Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks,But bears it cut even to the edge of doom. (1)At least so says the poet, who knew. SoI would have had Eleonora Duse speak. Shewould have gone on: —"You, my dearCecile, live in a little circle where a lot ofamourous children are playing with love ....and some laugh when it bites them, otherscry out •— and a few destroy themselves.With you or with me or with them it is allthe same. If 1am a queen, if a slave or ifa washerwoman, I may love if 1 can, and win : but if i lose I may not then cry outagainst my lover or even against love itself,pitiless though it seem. Only against myselfmay I utter a word, and that word is " YoufoolHere 1 am reminded of August Strind- berg's book telling of his battle with love,and called "The Confessions of a fool ".No, I neither believe nor believe in theseactresses who confide their so sad tale, theirso great secret to people who are to be as' silent as the tomb * and who within threeor four years come out with it into the public.I very much prefer the nobler little actresseswho know how to hold their heads high andtheir tongues from that reclame which is themost objectionable of all advertisement: " Iwas the only loved one of the great poet ",or " I was the only one who loved the greatmusician" or " The Emperor had but onewhom he really loved — it v/as 1Mile. Georges is such a trull one ratherlikes her outspoken book. Sophie Arnouldwas so intelligent and so loVeable one almostregrets that she quashed her book : — oneis grateful that La Guimard abstained. Thevolume La Pare or La Champmesnil couldhave concocted would have been riotousreading, — but one is well nigh certain thatthe dear Lecouvreur never dreamed of " Me- moires " nor wished any should be concernedwith her vie amoureuse.There are actresses as well as other ladieswho have sense and sensibility and who donot see all things in terms of reclame. Si- gnora Dina Galii, Madame Dejazet, seem,from their faces and their spirit, to be twosuch. The twenty years partner of DinaGalli died not long since, yet she does notmope to attract attention to what could betwisted into a love affair by anyone whowanted to meddle. Dejazet, whom I alwaysliken to the Galii, was of that same spirit.So far as I know Rachel too was what wecall a lady.It is so much. One of the sure signs isto remain silent about the matters of herheart.This book on Lecouvreur is a badexample in that it tries to rob her of thattitle which every woman values highly, andtoo many public performers and societywomen foolishly sell or throw away. (I) LA VIA AMOUREUSE D'ADRiENNE LECOUVREUR by Ceeile Sorel. Flammericn. Paris. Francs 7.50. (1) From whom George Sand traced direct descent by the actressDemoiselle de Verrieres.(2) See The Mask X, 4 ; XI, 1, 4; XII, 4 XIV, 2, (1) Shakespeare. Sonnet CXVI. ELLEN TERRY MEMORIAL Cha irman :SIR JOHNSTON FORBES-ROBERTSONVice-Chairman :DAME MADGE KENDAL, D. B. E.Hon. TreasurerTHE LADY MAUD WARRENDERHon. Organizer :MiSS J. M. HARVEY, 56 Manchester Street, W, I.Telephone: MAYFAIR 4180EXECUTIVE COMMITTEEChairmanMISS GERTRUDE KINGSTONHon Secretary :Miss J. M. HARVEYHon. TreasurerTHE LADY MAUD WARRENDERHon Press Representative :MRS. SWANNACKHon. Legal Adviser :Miss IRENE COOPER-WILLISLADY CHEATLEc. B. COCHRAN, ESQ.MISS ELSIE FOGERTYMISS CICELY HAMILTONMISS CHRISTOPHER ST. JOHNMISS VIOLA TREENORMAN WILKINSON, ESQ. &lt;N SINCE the death of DAME ELLEN TERRYon July 21 st, 1928, there has been evi- dence of a strong desire that the widespreadlove and admiration she inspired in life bothas woman and artist, should be given somepermanent expression." A thing of beauty is a joy for ever—Its loveliness increases, it will neverPa S3 into nothingness. "I his is true of Ellen I erry, hut it is rightlyfelt that a Memorial to her will manifest thetruth and proclaim the gratitude of her coun- try for her work in the theatre and her in- fill ence m the world. Ihe scheme to acquireas a public possession the fine old Tudortimbered house where she spent a great partof the last 25 years of her life, and whereshe cited, will, its promoters are confident, beenthusiastically approved. They are therefore issuing an appeal for contributions to a Me- morial bund. Details are given below. OBJECTS OF THE FUND 1. I O acquire Small Hyfhe PI a ce, and endow it withA an income suffi dent to put it in good repair, pre- serve it, keep up the garden, and pay the salary of acustodian, one of whose duties will be to show thehouse to visitors who may be expected from all partsof the English-speaking world.2. TO keep two rooms (in one of which Ellen 1 errydied) much as they were in her life-time, preservingthe atmosphere of simplicity which faithfully reflects hercharacter and taste.3. TO devote another room to the purposes of a Library,chiefly of books relating to the drama and the theatre,or which Ellen Terry's own collection will be the nu- cleus, and of a Museum of theatrical relics of histo- rical interest.4. 10 adapt the Bam, adjoining the house, a fine out- building of the same date, to the purpose or a BarnI heatre, ** where it is hoped to institute an AnnualDramatic Festival on a small scale during the week inj uly in which the anniversary of Ellen Terry's death falls. THE SUM REOUIRED IT is estimated that this Memorial will cost £\ alarge or a small sum, according to the way the dutyof honouring the great dead is regarded. Imperfectly notperfectly, done, this duly must always be. But not doneat all, not remembered as a thing which God and Na- ture and the Eternal Voices do require to be done—alas,we see too well what k.ind of world that ultimately makesfor us. Carlyle.IT is surely not necessary to beg for the sum neededto keep Ellen Ferry's house as a monument to one of ournational glories. We believe there are few who will notfeel it to be a privilege to contribute to the Fund, andthat by February 27th, the birthday of Ellen Terry, theMemorial can be offered her as a present from the publicshe loved. HOW TO CONTRIBUTE CHEQUES or Postal orders should be made payable tothe Hon. Treasurer, Ellen Terry Memorial Fund, andsent to the Hon. Organizer, Miss j. M. Harvey, 56 Man- chester St. London, W. I.* Doners should realise that only a comparatively small part ofthis sum is needed for the actual purchase of the property. Theheirs of Ellen Terry have no wish to profxt by this Memorial. Thegreater part of the sum raised will be devoted to an adequate En- dowment Fund. WE reprint the above details as issuedby the Committee, knowing that manyreaders in distant parts will welcome thisplan of a permanent memorial and the op- portunity to contribute to the Fund. Ed. (1) The seventy-six names of the members of the GeneralCommittee are emitted here for want of space. Ed. SMALL HYTHE PLACE, TENTERDEN, KENT.THE HOME OF ELLEN TERRY,1902—1928 Plate 3. SOME EXTRACTS FROMTHE PRACTICE OF MAKINGSCENES AND MACHINESIN THEATRES(BOOK TWO), BY NICOLASABBATTINI DA PESARO. Figure 1. Figure 2. Figure 3 a. Figure 3 b. Figure 4. (1) CHAPTER 46, HOW TO CAUSE THEDESCENT OF A SMALL CLOUDWHICH, AS IT DESCENDS,INCREASES IN SIZE. TO make a small Cloud which, while des- cending, ever increases in size, this rulemust be followed.A Gargame,(2-' crane, pulleys, windlassand cable must be constructed as was doneabove in chapter 43 (3), and adjusted m thesame manner. Then take six or eight staves,,•Jwhich must be of the best wood, so that, inbending, they may not break.Let these be at least an inch in diame- ter, and from six to seven feet in length—They are to be set at equal distance aroundthe principal arm of the crane, in such a waythat the one end of each of them may beadjusted to the extremity of the horizontal arm;and that their other ends may be secured withthin plates of jointed iron and nailed to thearm.Then at a distance of a foot from thisjuncture, set an equal number of iron springs,one end of each of which is to be nailed intothe wooden arm, each at the ooint where itsJ2.stave meets the wood ; and let the other endsbe nailed into the aforesaid staves, one to each..1he office of these springs is to be to holdthe staves out-spread from the wood like anumbrella when inside-out.Having done this at those ends of thestaves which were adjusted in the extremityof the wooden stanchion, one will make, in thehead of each, a hole a third of an inch in diame- ter, but very clean and smooth inside, so that,through it, may run a cord, which must bewell soaped. Then tie one end of this cordin the end of a stave, and, passing throughall the holes of the others, bring it into a small pulley wheel* winch must be set in diewood of the aforesaid stanchion at the oppo- site end from the pierced ends of the staves- and, running along the wood, it must pass-over another pulley wheel set in the end ofthe aforesaid wooden beam ; and trie lengthof the cord mast be equal to the height ofthe crane from its place above the sky to beneaththe stage, where it must be held by a personof good sense, taking care that the cord lievery strong, so that it should not break owingto its length, occasioning a very great disas- ter. Upon the outspread, staves constructthe cloud, which must be composed of a thinlinen fastened all round to the staves, without.any other wood in it, and painted to represent.a cloud.Then, the crane being in its place,, one•wall fold together the staves, drawing -thefcerd to the necessary degree. Desiring -thenthat the cloud should descend, and increasesin -size, one will turn the windlass as wassaid .above in chapter 43, and,, while the-cloud shall be descending, the person whoholds rip his hands the end of the cord shallpull it .downwards: not however so much•as one sees the cloud descend, but ratherless, so that the staves may open out propor- tionately, and, the cloud having ceased to des- cend, let the staves be yet more out spread,.as widely as ihey can ; thus the cloud willhave attained its greatest size.Wishing then that it should return upwards,-and produce the contrary effect, that is, thatifrom being large it diminish, the windlass mustibe turned the opposite way, and the personwho holds the cord in his hands must, while: the cloud rises, at the. same time let out the-cord until the staves close by degrees ,as theywere at first, so that, consequently, the cloud■will have diminished.In this operation one must be very carefulrespecting the contrary direction of the move- rrra-nts ; thus, in lowering the cloud, it seems-•as if the person who holds the end of the■coed in his hands, must also let it out, soith&amp;t the staves may open out; but, when one-■comes to lowering the apparatus of the pulleys,it is requisite that the said cord be drawn ;not so much, however, as the cloud, but inas has been said above ; and soalso in making it rise; thus, for this opera-V lion, one must seek out a person of goodisense. Let A.B; be the gargame, and in it theframe or running block C.D. and the highpulley wheel E: and let the cable be tied in thetipper part of the running block C. ; and pas- sing over the pulley E., let it be wound roundthe windlass H.I. in F. ; and let the other end of the cable be tied in the lower part of therunning block in D., and let it be woundround the windlass H.I . in the opposite directionin G. Let the staves be KJL., M.L., N.L.,and Q.L., and more if they be requisite, allwi th tl reir one extremity adjusted to the endof the wood of the arm of the running blockO, and the other ends fastened to the samearm in L. Let the springs set in it inline with the staves be distant from L. oneloot, that is in P, ; and let the cord be tiedin the end of one of the staves, that is in K. ;so that, passing through the holes of the others,M. N. O., it may come into the first publey Q., and, running along the arm, passthrough the other pulley R., being then carrieddown below, where it must be held by aperson set in S., who, when the right time iscome, must hold the cord drawn, so that theends of the staves, where the cloud is to be,may be folded as closely as possible to thewood, so that in this manner the linen of thecloud shall be reduced in size. Then, whilethe windlass is being turned on the side,causing the running block to descend, theperson set in S. must pull the cord, but notm Jfkf degree, so that the tips of the stavesK.M.N.O. should never spread out; for this reason care must be taken that his pullingmay always be preceded by that of the wind- lass in such degree that, as the ends of thestaves T.V.X.Y. are outspread, the extremeedge of the cloud Y. may come to rest onthe level of the stage Z, so that what has tobe done shall thus be accomplished.In making it reascend the windlass willbe turned in the opposite direction, and theperson who is in S. will draw the cord ashe did in causing the cloud to increase, butwith a movement equal to that of the wind- lass ; thus the cloud will be made to dimi- nish io its original size. CHAPTER 47, HOW A CLOUD CANBE MADE TO MOVE CROSSWISE. SHOULD one need in the Intermezzi tomake a cloud move cross-wise, one willact in the following way.Two gargami will be made similar tothose described in chapter 42, but so longthat they may project four feet on eitherside beyond that distance which the cloudis to travel.These will then be fixed behind the skyat the same height as the cloud is to be, set- ting them crosswise, distant from one anotherat least two feet; let them be parallel andon the same level. Having adjusted these,a wooden beam is to be passed throughthem which must project equally in eitherdirection : that is, on the side of the Sceneit must be as long as the distance to whichit is desired that the cloud shall project,and it must be made to project the samedistance behind the scene if space allows ;if not, it is to be adjusted by means of abalance weight.Afterwards, at those points which pass- through the gargami, pieces of wood mustbe set Ox the same thickness as that whichis to support the cloud, that is two at eachintersecting point, one on the one side andone on the other ; and let these be carefullyfitted into the wood so that they may nothind er the sliding movement which must takeplace in the grooved beams here as in thegrooved beams described in chapter 44.Having done this, one will set at eitherend of the grooved beams two windlasses, oneon either side, which must be set at the samelevel as the grooved, beams; and let these ex- ceed by at least a foot and a half at eitherend the distance between the two gar garni,on each side, so that the cords which areto serve to make the cloud run along may bewound round them ; and these cords must betied on the wood, two 011 either side ; thatis, in the points which correspond with the.two gargami; the other ends being woundround the windlasses. And the said cordsmust be as long as is the distance to thecross-beam which supports the cloud when itshall be in the position whence it will com- mence to move towards the prearranged li- mit ; and likewise with the other on the otherside. And on the opposite side one willtie an equal number of cords which must beof equal thickness, winding them round theother windlass.Then the cloud will be constructed at theend of the aforesaid wooden arm ; but let itbe adjusted at its centre to the arm, sothat, as it runs along, the point of jointuremay not be visible. Then, so that it maymove easily without impediment, one will set,at the opposite end of the arm, a weight suffi- ciently heavy to counterbalance the cloud andmaintain its equilibrium.When the time comes to make the cloudrun along, if it is on the right side, the wind- lass set upon the left must be turned, win- ding in the contrary direction that on theright, so that, by this means, the cloud willadvance from that side ; and, wishing to makeit resume its former position, one will turnthe windlass on the right, letting out the oneon the left, so that in this way it will returnto its original place. Let the two horizontal beams be A.B. andCD. and the cross beam traversing them beE.P. so adjusted that the distance is equal fromE to G on the side of the cloud, and fromF. to H. on the other, and let the distance from G. to hi exceed two (feet f), Andlet the two small pieces of wood be insertedin the cross-beam supporting the cloud inI.K. on one side and L.M. on the other:and let the windlasses be N.G. and P.O.and let the ends of the cords be tied in R.S. on one side and 1 .V. on the other; andthe ends of these cords be fastened to the wind- lasses, each one independently ; that is, thoseof R.S. to the windlass N.O. in X.Y. ; andthose of the length of wood T.V. to wind- lass P.Q., which is on the other side, betied in Z &amp;.Wishing, then, to make the cloud runalong, one will, if desirous that it move to- wards the side N.O., turn the windlass N.O.,letting out the other P.O.; and so, contrariwise,when one wishes to make it return to itsoriginal position. CHAPTER 48, ANOTHER WAYIN WHICH A CLOUD MAY BEMADE TO MOVE CROSSWISE. THERE is also another way in which acloud may be made to move crosswise;that is, by means of a lever, which has itsfulcrum set in the middle, in line with themiddle of the scene, at the height at whichone wishes the cloud to move ; but it wouldbe a difficult matter for some past of thelever on the side which sustains the cloudnot to be seen. However, it has seemedwell to me to indicate this method. CHAPTER 49, HOW TO ARRANGETHE DESCENT OF A CLOUD WHICHDIVIDES INTO THREE PARTS, ANDTHEN, IN RISING, UNITES IN ONE. SO to arrange that a cloud, in descending,may divide into three parts and then, inreascending, reunite in one, the followingprocedure is adopted.A crane must be made similar to thatdescribed in chapter 43, (l) but, in this one,there must be added, to the first woodenarm which supports the principal cloud, ethertwo wooden arms or lesser length, one to beset on one side and the other on the otherside with their lynch pins.These must be fastened to the principal wooden upright, described above, oa theoutside, with sliding rings, so that they canopen out and fold up closely to the said wood- en arms attached to the principal woodenupright. And, in the parts below the lynchpins,they will be fastened with an eyelet whichturns in the hinges which are to be set mthe movable wood supporting the projectingarm ; that is, on the outer side of the craneplumb below some flexible thin metal plates.Then construct three clouds ; but let thatwhich is to be set in the middle be halfas large again as the others which are to beat the sides, so that they may be hiddenbehind it.Afterwards fasten each cloud to the ex- tremity of its wooden arm, in such a waythat those which are at the sides may behidden within the principal one. Havingdone this, one will take two pieces of wood,a foot in length, and will set a pulley wheelat one end of each, and the other ends willbe nailed into the extremities of the woodenarms which support the two small clouds,that is, the ends towards the movable metalplates, but in such a manner that, while thesaid wooden arms are opening out, theirmovement may not be impeded.Take then two pieces of rope and letthe end of one be nailed or strongly tied tothe extremity of one of the wooden armswhich supports a small cloud ; that is, nearto the said cloud on the inner side; andthen let it pass through the pulley wheelthat was set in the small wooden arm as wassaid above, bringing it down below the stage.The same is to be done on the otherside, then uniting both the ropes which havebeen carried below, so that this shall serveto cause the clouds to divide.When all this has been done one willtake two cords, and tie or nail the end ofthe one into the wood on the opposite side,where the other end of the other cord washed, causing it to pass through one of thetwo pulley wheels which must be set abovethe principal wooden arm which supportsthe large cloud ; and then make it pass downbelow as was done with the others aforesaid.The same is to be done on the other side,making the ends unite together, as was saidrespecting the first, corning down beneath thestage ; and these are to serve to reunite thesaid clouds. Let the crane be A. B. C. D. and thewooden arm C. D. be to sustain the principalcloud, and the other two wooden arms F. G.and H. G. to support the other two cloudsF. H. which wooden arms are to be joinedinto the wooden arm C. D. each independentlywith the movable hinges of metal in G. Let there be nailed into the wooden armC. D. at a little distance from D. two piecesof wood in K., which must project at leastthree feet on either side, as in I and L; and,at their ends, there must be set a pulleywheel at either end, i. e. in 1 and L. Thenlet the ropes be H. I. on one side and F. L. on the other, and let one end of them betied to the wooden arm F. G. in F. andpass through the pulley wheel L. coming downbeneath the level of the stage M. N. in O.And let the other be tied to the wood H. G.in IT. and, passing through the pulley wheelI come to unite with the other end L. O.And let tnere be two other cords of whichlet one end be tied in F., the end of thewooden arm, that is in the part towards thewooden arm C. D. and similarly the otherin H. 'I hese • unite in two pulley • wheels set ina runnel above the wooden arm C. D. in P.,and, running over this, let them pass throughother two pulley wheels near to the littlecross bar of wood I. L., coming down tounite in R., as in the first figure. Whenone wishes to put this system in practice,two persons must be set below the level ofthe stage M. N. one of whom will hold theend of the rope O and the other R.Should it be desired that the cloud shoulddivide while the projecting arm is being lower- ed, the person who holds the end of the ropein O will pull downwards as far as S.; theone who holds the end R. will let it runout as far as T, as in the second figure, sothat consequently the wooden arms F. G. andH. G. will open out and the three cloudsC. F. H. will be seen.if it be desired that they close again onewill cause the person who holds the end Tto pull the rope down as far as R., and theone at S to let out the rope at O, so thatin this way the three clouds will return totheir original place as in the first figure. CHAPTER 50, HOW FROM THESKY, WITHOUT THE USE OF ACLOUD. A PERSON MAY BE LOWERED WHO, ON REACHINGTHE STAGE LEVEL, CAN IMMEDIATELY WALK AND DANCE. WHEN it is requisite in the Intermezzi tolower a person from the sky withouta cloud the following method is to beadopted.A crane will be made similar to thosedescribed above in the other chapters, but,instead of the wooden arm which supportsthe cloud, one will in this case set in theprincipal wooden beam, inside the gar game,an iron rod of such thickness that it can se- curely support the weight of a man.This must have its projecting arm of thesame iron, and at the end of it one will seta resting perch in the form of a saddle, butas small as possible; and this must be sosecure that the person who is to be loweredcan sit astride it comfortably. And a stirrupmust also be added, the leg-piece of whichshall be as long as the leg of the person ; andit must be adjusted in such a way that hecan set his heel in it, and not the toe, so that he shall cover not only the stirrup with his foot,but also the stirruo-strap with his leg.A ADesiring then to carry out what has beensaid, the person is to be mounted upon thatlittle saddle, holding his heel in the stirrup.1 hen lower the projecting arm with a slowmovement, and, when the stirrup shall havereached the stage, he will dexterously removehis foot from it, opening his legs somewhat1 kJ kJso that the projecting arm may descend beneaththe stage through an aperture which is tohave been prepared for that purpose, in thesame moment as the figure will begin to danceon the stage. Let the Gar game be A. B. and the pro- jecting arm C. D. ; and. let the parts C. D.and C. E. be termed of iron bars proportionedto the weight that they must sustain, as wassaid above: and let the person be F. G. setin the little saddle in C. and with a foot inthe stirrup in G.Wishing then to produce this effect ofdescent upon the stage the projecting arm mustbe lowered to the level of the stage, and, sosoon as the person shall have reached this,he will quickly remove his foot from thestirrup G., the projecting arm being loweredbeneath the level of the stage H. I. throughthe aperture K. L. until it reaches M. N. 0.immediately reel using the aperture in the stage,so that in this manner the person will beable to dance at once upon the stage, andwhat was required will have been accom- plished. (1) Published at Ravenna in 1638. See ' The Mask" VcLXI!, No. 2 ; Vol. XIV, No. 4.(2) A grooved upright formed of two beams clamped! togetherwith an interstice.(3) See 1he Mask, volume XIV, No. 4. (I) Dee The Mesh XIV. 4. TWO LETTERSFROM GORDON CRAIGRELATIVE TO THEPRODUCTION LADY MACBETH PARAGRAPHS FROM A LETTER ADDRESSED BY THEARTIST TO THE ACTRESS PLAYING THE ROLE TO me it seems that Lady M. could notbe in a room with a group of peoplewithout they all began to live with eighttimes their usual intensity — every one, whenshe came in, glowed — and, as she went,they went out like electric lights dying down." She was the centre of a big socialcircle of people — as it is, on the stage wesee her the centre of a circle of five hand- maidens — two butlers — a messenger and alot of awkward spear hearers — and whatis that for us ?" A second thing : It seemed to me that,although the centre of it all, she never ap- peared in the centre — she hugged the sides,her eyes alone focus the centre and there,she saw to it, stood husband — a man withsome poetic fancy in his speech, but a quitedull and awkward, melancholy sort of crea- ture — with a knack of strength — physical." The play seems to me always to sufferin representation because we see two centrefigures." 1 would have it —• if possible — onecentre dull and the other always hugging thewalls vivid." Before five minutes our minds wouldbe asking, "this man — this boor — what ishe? What's he so much in evidence for?Why is he here at all ? — and before anotherthree minutes were gone we should be search- ing the shadows for his reason — i. e.,Lady M. We should from then onwards beALERT — we should be waiting breathlesslyto catch the glint of her eyes — and whenshe did ever advance, we should long forher to stay, so attractive she is; and yetalways she goes." Is something like this possible with» 1 "1you ? 1 don't know how it is, but she seemsto me pretty rather than handsome; seductiverather than compelling; in fact I cannot findher even once compelling in the masculine sense of the word. She seems to haveBernhardt's voice when. was talkingto Armand in 'La Dame aux C. Are weagreed? I cannot hear her calling on Ahye spirits' in the voice of Siadons but inthe voice of C arm He gone a bit crazy." Drunken if you will, but not devastatingWhat ' Spirit' that she calls on ever cameto any one in response to an order thrilledwith mere intensity — but a spirit might bewooed. It is just possible. Are weagreed ? " Can you speak such a passage with youreyelids covering your eyes ?— in ecstasy —sensual — and immense ?" But to answer questions." " I had planned a scene for your first en- trance : with a small room, little doorbolts — key — bed (no fireplace, alas S) — themessenger to knock, not blurt in unordered." Have no thoughts of murder exactly inyour head and no feelings of that when yougreet that company of guests why botherabout that — time for that...." Scene before banquet.Don't let them hamper you witn a scrapmore material, cloth, brass, gold, cloaksthan you feel attractive in —be 1 hat to tnefull, ) beg of you, and one-half the troublesof this play are removed. " A different beauty — Don't be too erect— Bend — listen, not with straight head, butwith head well cocked on one side at M.when he's murdering 1 mean: it s almostjaunty she is : " how easy is t . She almostdrawls charmingly. I d not even oblige youto wear a big cloak. Select the loveliestgrey and grey-white furs for some part ofAct 1, and the loveliest pieces of gold finespun stuff for Act 2-3 — the Indian goldcloth is good." Did it ever occur to you to dress up ina more or less modern dress —. I'm notignorant of the latest 1928 thing, but 1 meanthose swathing dresses of 1913 or thereabouts." You don't want to force the modern,but you could let it slip out couldn't you ?and thus make one feel the woman was areality. " Don't laugh — because though I know 1am rather a good stage manager, i am quiteaware already that 1 know nothing aboutladies' dresses — so you mustn't laugh." By the way ...." Where a setting doesn't seem to feelright to you, I beg of you not to botherabout it. Settings are of No ACCOUNT',scenery is rubbish, they never have been orwill be of account, where an actress is thereto attract,"If you attract (plus the bit of makeupand scarf and rings to explain that you ARELADY MACBETH) no one will even look atwhat scene you are in." I have not been able to give you mybig staircase in the sleep-walking scene —get my book ' Towards a New Theatre,' andflatter me by looking at that design. It's notbad for me." But 1 have given you, a stairway.Pillar&lt;;.... ? enters here? a halting place&lt;. .. . ? scene for sleep-walking.Exits here . . . .&gt;" Now 1 am afraid 1 may horrify you bythe drawing I've made of Lady M. herselfduring her sleep-walking — and which hasgone to Mr. Tyler along with the otherdesigns. Because it's ugly. It makes herugly — it makes her untidy — she slops alongin straw slippers, slipped into night after night.She is not impressive, she is merely almostdaft and uncouth." I've seen a woman of 45 — grey, old- looking as 80, walking as in sleep or ploddingalong — voice as that of a drunkenman — growling continually like a dog :TRAGIC as a Shakespeare thing is tragic:As a Japanese ghost picture is tragic : . . . .get some to look at." And if 1 saw such a perfectly enchantingwoman like Lady Macbeth of Act 1 changedto a horror of Act 4, I should feel I waslooking at something Shakespearean. LIGHT AND SHADOW E. G. C. A LETTER TO RICHARD BOLESLAVSK Y (I)RELATIVE TO THE LIGHTING OF THE SCENESo DESIGNED BY CRAIG FOR MACBETH o BQLESLAVSKY ! The more i say the moredifficult for you — and embarrassing.The less I say the better you'll do it — foryou know my likes and when you don'tyou've got heaps of ideas of your own. bo goahead and don't bother your head with * AmI doing as Gordon Craig likes ' — 1 SHALLlike it. i am so happy you are doing this." In the murder scene something like this.The fog to sink slowly during the scene.Try to keep it cold, queer and horriblelooking. Tiy to sink the darkness as a veilsinks. Then, during the time the murder isbeing done, during some seven to eightpages, allow a slow but deliberate descendingof shadow, not a lowering of light." Try to cast shadows of the screens onthe backcloth, or whatever is back of them.Never mind which way they go, but getthem to help the unreality of the situation.Don't fabricate the shadows, let them comeif they will and can, while you are lightingthe whole scene. Try to colour eachscreen with green, blue, or grey. If youcan't, then vary the colours to suit yourself— but no red or orange. Do not allowspotlights — but if possible give Macbethand Lady Macbeth places where they canbe sure to find light if a very wonderfulbit of face-play is born. Can you havesome good reflectors if they should be need- ed? Possibly they will not be needed atall, but I fancy some such lamps to rake thefloor so that the actors paddle up to the kneesor ankles in a bath of one colour, and anothercolour, a darker one, higher up. However, Ihave none of my designs with me now, no- thing to go by ... ." In the bridge scene, if possible, 1 wantsome silent wind instrument which will blowthe damn cloaks like the deuce, but it s tocome on and oft in gusts, not regular, andalso to blow a leaf, or a paper, — somethingto just give a sense of air, anyhow, for thescene's sake. Let the light bear on the leftside of the bridge — on the right sidepretty indigoish and ugly day. Let it be gay and light, only the indigo on our side veryominous. Basta. The witches descend by atrap if it can be neatly done — in a flash —it's the last thing folks will expect. It goeswell in this melodrama. YOU could help tomake it lovely. (Don't kill tire witches)," Seme more needless talk by hi. G. C." That passage seen outside the roomwhere Duncan is supping to be lighted asnearly as possible according to tire design.Make it feel like a passage — net a room.If possible get the shadow as indicated andhere again, as in the murder scene, do let itdescend slowly. Let the edge be rathersoftened before it begins to come down.Inside the door let the red be brick red andnot that damned vermilion or carmine. I'mnot sure that a passing of stray reddish lightto make a sort of curved passage of light onthe floor now and again would be at all bad.See that Lady Mac keeps on pulling thedoor to — she must never mind the unrea- sonableness of it. Light should flare and goout as they sit and talk --- and when it flares,a bit of silence." In the big scene to be used for the last"Oscenes — once break across it with yourlight, another time break it into three for the* ¥top space seems to me a bit empty. 1 sug- gest try it anyhow. What." In the banquet scene the baldichinowhich covers the table of the guests is theplace from which the light comes most ofall, or seems to come let's say. Keep it redand the places round it orange ; around themindigo, and die out at the edges. Lightsinside baldichino red and yellow mixed, andlet the stuff (painted) of the baldichino showtransparent so as to increase the richness ofits red and gold." I forgot to tell Ross this, very important:on the floor should be a rich sold and blackK.Jcarpet spread right along under table andchairs. A ceitic pattern on the carpet is asgood as any other. Ross has a book of these."if in doubt about a good extra light tothe baldichino put one bang down on it fromabove. (Not fences but supposed to be lightand shadow for a garden. Can't draw them.)But you can make the light spit out.Although played like a melodrama I do hopethese supper people, the guests, will eachact like a real guest of Delmonico's at asupper given by Mr. Hoover. Do see that a real nice supper is served. No art willdo in this extremity, but Mr. iyler invitingthem each night to a supper would do itRIGHT." Look at the original drawings if indoubt. They say much more than I couldwrite. So I won't say any more. Onlybless you, and he as bold as you like. September 2 ! sf, 1923. Germany. (i) Formerly of the Moscow Art Theatre and now the Directorof the American Laboratory Theatre. THE MACBETH PRODUCTIONIN NEW YORK. KNOWING that many readers in all parts of Europe,as well as farther afield in India, Australia, tlgypt,China and Japan look t° " The Mask " to bring themnews of salient end significant events in the Theatre ojtoday, we have collected for them a few extracts fromthe many accounts of the production of i( Macbeth atthe Knickerbocker Theatre, New York&gt; including twocontributions, of especial interest, received from Mr. PercyMackaye and Air. George jean Nathan, on the art ofGordon Craig. Eld. THIS WORLD... THATWORLD A COMMENT ON THE ARTOF GORDON CRAIG BY PERCY MACKAYE TL YEARLY two decades ago, Gordon Craigwrote to me : " I am sending you twolittle etchings — called Drama, (2) calledThe Temple: This world — that world."in essence, those " little etchings " epito- mize his own vast gift to the theatre of our time.To the Drama of tangible worldCraig has opened the Temple of the intan- gible — that inner world of Imagination forwhich the theatre, at its noblest, is thesupreme instrument. This he has done byinventing a new vesture of expression: aquivering garment of light. and plastic formdevised to reveal (not to hide, or to decorate) the immanent moods and symbols naked inthe dramatist's mind.To the poet in the theatre, therefore,Craig has brought a new hope of liberation,a quickening faith that the creatures of hismind may attain to their true birthright onthe stage. For the poet as dramatist isconcerned, first of all, with an inner theatre,unseen. Every play he conceives creates itsown playhouse — a new organism, within.But, without,in every era, he must needsconform, in part, to a crystalized, static stage,cast in the moulds of elder dramatists' dreams.So the seen forms of the theatre have slowlyevolved — from /Eschylus to Ibsen — by themaking, breaking and re-making of such moulds.But now, in our time, Gordon Craigbrings us his marvelously plastic art, renderingthe Theatre contemporary with all times andresponsive to all dinamic dreams of theDramatist. So, as creative Director, he re- conciles the age-long oppostions of twoworlds — " this world, that world " — andreveals Drama in the place of its origin — •the Temple of the Unseen.Like the dramatic poet in the theatre,Craig then is concerned with the dynamicheart of a Mystery: a burning altar, dedi- cated to the most high gods — not to thelesser acolytes -— of Human Passion, in alltheir majestic repertoires of Comedy andTragedy: an altar, whose central fire ofwhite faith, ignited long ago in a goldenage, has never been extinguished by thebreath of cynic confusion or by the turbidfluctuations of fashion.Craig utterly believes. That is why anage of half belief stands in awe of him.Craig believes in an art, rigorous in disci- pline, whose goal is not sensation, but sen- liency: an ever-increasing keenness to thepoignant arrows of Impersonal Beauty." I hope " — he writes to me, in anotherletter, " 1 hope some one will write an essay,serious and calm, in which the thoughts ofdivine beauty are shown to be free fromvulgarity and sensuality, and free from thecontemplation and delight in our own personallittle oddnesses: free from the Sumurum" love " as from the Gaiety Girl " love " ;in fact, free from all " love " except the real,old, sweet and terrible thing, which becauseof its grandeur and awfulness becomes partof the divine thought.5' Much has been written about Craig'smeans or expression—his technique of lighting,of directorship, etc. Much less has beenwritten of his aims of expression, as hintedin this quotation of his own words. Thosewords are not the language of Broadway;yet lovers of Broadway who would seek aclue to the greatest theatre genius of our agemay well find it in those words. Duringthe last decade, Broadway itself has been re- volutionized by disciples of Craig, and today (i)a " designment " by Craig of Shakespeare's" Macbeth" is announced for Broadwayproduction, thanks to the gallant initiative ofGeorge Tyler.But as Shakespeare, the poet in the theatre,is creatively inseparable from his plays, soCraig has always maintained that the masterproducer in the theatre must be inseparablefrom his productions of the dramatic poet;must "be, indeed, the personal focus andexecutive of his own impersonal designs. Itremains then to be seen how " Macbeth ",with " Craig " himself left out, may projectin New York the ideal of Craig, who per- sonally stays in Europe.However that may be, the emergence ofGordon Craig — out of an aloofness of yearsalready legendary — into the glare of Today,here in living spirit amongst us,is itself amilestone in theatrical history. More than tothe public, more even than to the " theatreartist," so termed, Craig's designment of" Macbeth" is a portent greatly significantto the dramatist. For now, as in the past,ti.e ja 1 cxi!use remains liouse of plays ;and if the poet, as play - maker, shall everagain in his art rise to the stature of theauthor of " Macbeth", it will be, in noslight measure, because to our more chaoticage the unswerving vision of Gordon Craighas revealed through his art that harmoniousfusion of two worlds wherein .the poet of thetheatre attains his noblest growth.Not less, but more, because our Americais a democracy, should we honour the truemonarch.s of Imagination. In that kingdom,which he himself lias called " the onlyrealm of true freedom", we salute the ge- nius of Gordon Craig, with " Long live theKing.""W (1) Mr. Mac Wye, writing before the event, refers here to thedesign® for the " Macbeth " performances, Ed. GENUINE GORDON BY GEORGE JEAN NATHAN (I) THE mere hint of Gordon Craig in theDouglas Ross production of "Macbeth".—it is simply a hint, as Craig has con- tributed only a few sketches and sugges- tions— is yet sufficient to indicate to alland sundry the distance that separates thefather of modern interpretive scenecraft notonly from the mass of contemporary scenicentrepreneurs but also from his own hundredand one offspring and imitators. These fewflashes of .Craig thus revealed must proveeven to one hitherto unacquainted with hiswork what those of us who have followedhis enterprises for many years have maintained,to wit, that here is the one and only authenticscenic artist of the modern theatre.The main difference between Craig andall the other workers in stage pictorial designis that he is an interpreter of drama in termsof scenery and its adjuncts whereas the others,save when they try rather pathetically to copyhis method, are simply and purely fabricatorsof settings externally suggested by the dramasthey adorn. Craig's settings come out of thebody and texture of a drama; those of hiscontemporaries are visited upon a drama.The latter do not work toward an interpreta- tion of a play so much as toward a mereoutward projection of it. Their settings areoften beautiful.and often superficially effective,as the settings of a revue or musical comedyare beautiful and effective, but they contributelittle or nothing toward the illumination of theheart and soul of a drama. It is a commonphenomenon of the theatre to find an audienceloudly applauding a piece of scenery whenthe curtain goes up and before the play itselfhas actually begun. That is an occurenceappropriately strange to the theatre of GordonCraig!So much has been written of Craig andhis theories, both by others and by myself,that it is unnecessary to toy with repetition.The story of the man proceeds naturally andforcibly out of a contemplation of the effortsof all the other scene designers presentlyactive in the world theatre. These simply grope* more or less blindly after what Craigactually accomplishes, that is, those designerswho are to be taken at all seriously. Ger- many, for instance, is full of his followers,some of them ~~ craftsmen like Ernst Stern,Alfred Roller and Ludwig Sievert, the firstin particular—of an exceptional aptitude, butnone of them quite succeeds in achieving theends that Craig achieves. They grasp histheories and his methods in outline butseldom in content. They sometimes get theeffects they desire by Craig's means but 1have yet to see one of their productions thatdid not here and there in its course collapseeither because of an ill assimilation of theCraig principles or because they have injectedfaulty side theories of their own into theirgeneral appropriation from Craig.Craig thinks of scenery and of a parti- cular drama at one and the same time. Thegenerality of his colleagues give us the im- pression of thinking of the drama first andthen, sometime later, of the scenery. Thus,where Craig becomes .a dramatist within adramatist the others strike one as dramatistssitting astride the shoulders of dramatists.There is always an open space, so to speak,between their backgrounds and the play itself;the two do not flow together smoothly asone. The backgrounds of Craig never for amoment dissociate themselves from a play;they whisper the text even as it is beingspoken by the players; the orchestration ismeticulously and gracefully exact. There isnever a self-assertive, obstreperous note, asin the case of the others. He devises settingand appurtenances something after the mannerof a soil musical accompaniment.Craig's contributions to the local presen- tation of Shakespeare's tragedy may, as I havesaid, be taken only as fragmentary samplesof his technique. To judge the artist accu- rately, one must know him not from suchmere suggestions but from his own personaldirectorial control over them. This "Macbeth"is given to us with the man himself fourthousand miles away. He simply drew afew pictures and indicated a few colorings.The real Craig " Macbeth" thu s remainswith him in his far-off Italian Genoa. (1) A further Note cn the " Macbeth " production by Mr Na- than vill be found among seme short Extracts cn the subject fromvarious sources reprinted cn pege. 23-4. Ed. SOME EXTRACTS FROM THEAMERICAN JOURNALS. THE Macbeth directed by Douglas Rosswas a notable production, but notablein a different way from the production of" Wings Over Europe ".The magnificence was in the mounting.Gordon Craig's wonderful designs were takenand used in such a way that they becamepart of an actual, not an ideal theatre.Gordon Craig's great invention, it seemsto me, consists 'in making the stage moredimensional than it has been — he usesplatforms, bridges, stairways in almost everyscene of Macbeth, and by doing so he getsaction on more than one plane.If that were all that Craig's designs helpedtoward it would be a great deal, but he alsogives a grand setting for Shakespeare's fantasyand poetry.Three or four of the settings were mag-J W/nificent achievements in themselves: therewas the scene where Macbeth with theWierd Sisters stands as in a Cathedral ininferno ; there was the scene where Duncanis received by Lady Macbeth before a castlewhich seems to be the iast, the remotestplace to which Duncan can come in hiskingdom, and there is the scene in Macbeth'scastle where Lady Macbeth, holding a lamp,passes up and down the sta.ii way and acrossa level — a place of shadows where onesleeping and two waking people seem to movein a vault.And the costumes provided are fineenough to go with so grand an action as thatof Macbeth.But the play is, first of ail, a reel tal ofverse against a background of violent action;the great scenes are all in soliloquy. It isobvious, then, that as much attention shouldbe given to the enunciation of the verse asto the mounting of the scenes. This has notbeen done. The verse is repeated so thatit is heard and understood, and heard andunderstood as verse, and that is something.But it is not repeated with any real regardfor the music of the lines.Lyn Harding, for instance, says his greatlines without, apparently, an inner feeling forsuch music aste Pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow/s i * ' i * SfHe soliloquizes as if the situation hadgiven him the cue — not as if an event hadstartled him into a sort of clairvoyance thatcomes out in accents that have been set toa deep music. Florence Reed has thisadvantage over Lyn Harding : her great sceneis in prose, her voice and movement in thesleep-walking scene were deeply mournful.But in the spirited scenes she did not renderthe woman who through some element ofwill, intellect, or imagination dominates herhusband. The most adequate delivery inthe whole play was Percival Vivian's, in theporter's great prose fantasy.Paclraic Colium in The Dial, February 1929. THE George Tyler production of "Macbeth"is chiefly noteworthy for the share thatGordon Craig has had in it. It isn't a bigshare, unfortunately, for Craig has contributedsimply a tew designs for settings and costumes,but, even so, it is big enough to give Ame- ricans an inkling that there may he somethingmore to dramatic backgrounds than they havehitherto believed.This is no place to go into an extendedessay on Dr. Craig's art; I assume that youhighbrows who devour this magazine aresufficiently familiar with at least the elementalsof it. But this may yet be the place toreiterate that, in the estimable Gordonof Genoa, the modern theatre has itsgreatest genius of scenic designs and that, ifyou wish to sample a snifter of him, anevening at the Knickerbocker Theatre will*Ddo you no harm.The difference between Craig and hisfollowers is the difference between AmerigoVespucci and Hendrik Willem Van Loon,who, nevertheless, is a very decent fellow.Craig is the pioneer in vital interpretation o!drama in terms of settings and their properties;the others — some of them skilful enough —merely rattle their little shiny tin sheets in aneffort to cuckoo his thunder.The influence of Craig has been feltwherever there is a theatre modern enough toboast a men's washroom with open plumbing.That influence in many cases has been filteredthrough designers who have defeated both itand themselves because of a vainglory thathas impelled them to distil it through moil- keyshines oi their own. But, corrupted orleft unadulterated, it has done more to realizethe potential strength and beauty or the stagethan any analogous influence in its time.One regrets that Craig himself did notcome over here to supervise and direct this" Macbeth ". I hen we should have had some- thing, my boys, to talk about. But we may,none the less, be grateful for small favours.A sample, after all, is better than no- thing. So run around to the Knickerbocker,smile prettily upon Impresario Tyler as youpass through the lobby, and pleasure yourselfwith an education, in some authentic scenic art.George Jean Nathan in Judging the Shows. THIS " Macbeth " should certainly not beoverlooked by students and Shakespea- reans."Burns Mantle in the New York Daily News. GEORGE C. IYLER IS a gam the hero ofa line endeavour in the theatre .. . ForMr. Tyler's production there is only praiseio offer . . . First, the choice of a great play,second, inducing the most famous scenic ar- tist of our time to design the sets, and thendrawing together as fine a cast of players asmight have been available."Rank Lea Snort in the Christian Science Monitor. MR. CRAIG S designs are a constantlytunning exhibit, a haunting and beau- tiful background instinct with every stark andsoul tossed mood of the play."1he New York Times. NOi the least oi the personal triumphsin this revival is the one scored byGordon Craig in designing for the first timethe settings for an American productionlhe monumental, savagely temperamental ge- nius of this son of Dame Ellen Terry wroughtscenic marvels upon the Knickerbocker stage,and the audience, seeing, was not slow °toappreciate the beauty his brain had conceived. Not spectacular, not built to amaze, his set- tings simply give this excellent cast of playersa worthy stage whereon they may run thegamut of human passions."iThe New York Evening Journal. THE point of departure for this " Macbeth "of Mr. George Tyler as a part in his- " annual presentation of famous masterpieceswas the designs by Mr. Gordon Craig.What we see at the Knickerbocker is- scenery taken from the designs he sent, butnot actually created under his eye andhand.That Mr. Gordon Craig is one of theoutstanding geniuses in the history of theworld theatre is obvious..... he has been a seed, an upheaval, alight and power in the art or the theatre, notonly on its visual side but with regard to thewhole production. His influence is evidentin the modern Russians, in Reinhardt, inGranville Barker and lesser men in England,,in Mr. Robert Edmond Jones and Mr. Nor- man-Bel Geddes snd other designers in Ame- rica, in Spain, in Italy, in the whole moderntheatre.borne have fed their talents with hissubstance, some have turned it into payingenterprise. Everyone who knows anythingabout the modern theatre knows this ....There are those who say that it was notethical, or something of the kind, for Mr.Gordon Craig to turn over his designs toanother man and not come over and see themthrough himself, and that he is therefore sub- ject to be judged by the result. But thisis nonsense ; he has as much right to sell hisdesigns to a producer as the dramatist has tosell his play or as the costume designer tosell his plates — so long, that is, "as theproduction does not claim to be his, whichthis does not and need not try to do..... The design tor the castle scenes, theking s arrival and afterwards the circumstan- ces of his murder, I thought superb it is only too easy to imagine that in thewhole sheaf of designs that Mr. Gordon Craigcreated, there were many beautiful motivesand elements that are not even suggested inthis production as we see it.Stark \ oung in 1he New Republic. HEAD OF MOUNET-SULLY.Engraved by Felix Vallottin. ANOTHER BOOK ABOUTSTAGE DECORATION d. n. l. (1) MR. AlfrediKnopf," whose * energy has ina brief time given bin a notewor thy po- sition among tne younger publishers, has is- sued this work in two handsome and wellprinted volumes.But it is a pity that, if Mr. Knopf wish- ed to publish a costly book on recent workin the 1 heatre, his usual perspicacity shouldhave deserted him, and that he should havesquandered his money, and the time of hiscapable staff, on perpetuating the remarks ofanyone so incompletely qualified to deal withthe subject as Mr. Samuel j. Hume.It is true that on the title page there ap- pears also the name of Mr. Walter ReneFuerst; but were Mr. Fuerst himself genuine- ly well-informed, surely he would hardly befound in this collaboration with Mr. Hume.Space does not permit of treating fullyof this publication, which indisputably bringstogether a considerable amount of matter rela- tive to the Theatre of recent years and oftoday ; but, for those who have followed theNew Movement with any intelligence, thetone adopted by the authors to the work ofMr. Gordon Craig is in itself sufficientlyindicative of the temper and quality of thewhole.It is not of course a damning attitude....unless faintly to praise be indeed that; it israther a benignly patronising attitude , the at- titude of one who cites words and ideas, ofwhich he has obviously no remote understan- ding, with the desire to show us that his ownsuper-intelligence net only grasps, but win- nows them and finds them wanting ; implyingthat, though the passages quoted may be well- intentioned, he himself holds other views, seesthe matter in a clearer light; is, in fact, thesuperior.The extent to which Mr. Craig is quo- ted or paraphrased is lavish; and the Quota-JL A •' tlions are so firmly embedded in the text, theindications of quotation so slight and easilyover-looked, that one reads long passageswhich would raise one's opinion of the intel- ligence of Messrs Fuerst and Hume did onenot then find it is Craig one is really reading,and, at the end or a column or so, hear thejudicial voices of the joint authors gently in- sinuating that of course this is all very well,but assuredly this man is absurd, incoherent,incomprehensible ; still, they imply, they, withtheir penetrating intelligence and trained un- derstanding, can perceive his drift and goodintentions, and will do their best on hisbehalf as intermediaries between him and thegeneral public.Let us listen to Messrs Fuerst and Flumein this kindly role for a few moments : -—" Craig is not only up in arms againstthe dancer, hut above all against the actor "Here follows a long extract from Mr. Craig'swritings in which he points out that " in orderto mak.e any Work °f ari d is clear we mayonly work those materials which wemay calculate"; "That, then, which theactor gives us, is not a work of art Theauthors have in no way understood Mr. Craig;they have evidently not read all that he haswritten on behalf of the actor, not understoodthe way he has sought to free the actor,evoking the periods when the actor was notthe mere mouthpiece of the playwright. They,instead, snapping up a single, and misunder- stood, passage, declare senlentiously, " It bhardly necessary to point out themisunderstanding which is at the bottom ofsuch a theory as this '.Proceeding to mis-paraphrase Mr. Craig,thev write " : —" If Craig considers e Divine Movement '" as the basis and origin of the theatre, and" then later tells us that in the beginning the"theatre consisted in combats between animals," it seems that we might with justice and" quite logically ask Craig to explain how," and in just what way, an elephant is better"fitted to express this "Divine "" than man — the human body. We must" not demand too much logic " (oh kindly igno- ramuses) "from one who loves to express" himself in paradox, and we mast at the"same time accustom ourselves" ' thus-spakc Zarathustra ' manner Then,quoting a passage in which Mr. Craig, [ore- seeing a time when, "No longer would therebe a figure to confuse us into connecting ac- tuality and art ', they conclude: "One" Would do Craig an injustice in disputing or" discussing such an argument as this. His" point of view is thai of the savage who," never having seen a theatre nor a play" ted, believes thai the actor filled on the" stage has been actually assassinated, and" rum to his assistanceCan you beat it ?Why yes, tor these two ineftabl.es soonout-do themselves.To express or represent movement, then,"we must substitute for man automaton" more or less immobile. Craig claims to have" made certain experiments in this field in an" effort to construct a mechanism capable" expressing rhythm. So far, he says, he has" only succeeded in expressing the simplest" rhythms. It will be thousands years beforethe great movements can be grasped; in thaifar, dim future this art born of movement"will be the final and universal belief"Let us be just:we see here, pushed to" excess and loaded with paradox, a postulate" of the art of the theatre..und. so weiter.When the egregious couple come to factsarid dates they are no less fatuously misin- formative.Ihe chapter on " Reinhardt and StylizedRealism " opens as follows : — " day" on which Max Reinhardt presented first" Shakespearean production marked a" stone in the history of the modern theatre.I hat event Was the production of" speares "A Midsummer Night's Dream'at fhe N eu.es Theater, Berlin, the 31 si" of January 1905.With first" stroke Reinhardt completely revolutionized" the theatre of his timeComment on this is superfluous, but apointer towards the truth of things might befound by the intelligent m an article entitledReinhardt &amp; Co. " published in "Mask " 192/, in which the author, Mr. Galli,writes, of this period : " And then began thecomplete Craigizaticn of the great Firm ofReinhardt ". Here again is a striking passage, whichappears to have slipped its moorings, beinglocated in the chapter on " Adolphe Appia ." ...for the last twenty years Craig has"had what Appia lacked, a personal organ"of publicity almost exclusively del )oted to" propaganda for the Craig cult, 1 his of -" ficial organ. The Mask, founded 1908." has now with the last issues reached " Vol."12 bis " (strange how the actor-mind can" never rid itself of superstition). Here, in" the pages of this interesting magazine, Craig" has been free to express personal views"on all matters pertaining the theatre and"on many others much less relevant." the World loves a fight and The Mask" Craig has given it to them. Sometimes" person and sometimes behind the transparent" veil of some bizarre pseudonym he has" tied his verbal guns on battleships and non- " combatant rowingboals alike. So long as'c he has stuck to the rowing-boats and ligh- " ter craft he has come off excellently, but" now and then some heavily-armed battle- " ship lipe Shaw, or an armoured cruiser like" Ervine, turns and takes a pot at him, with" the result that the guns of Rapallo are tem- " pcrarily out of commission. All this has" produced a continuously amusing and enter- " laining show for the side-lines, and the world" of the theatre has talked and laughed and"'more important still,has read".Now to reply to the many errors in thissingle passage would be to waste valuable&lt;S» '.yspace ; but one or two of the more obviousmay be mentioned.It was not the " superstition " of the" actor-mind ' , as assumed by the authors toabide in Mr. Craig which decided the harm-I 1 * f ' \ / 1 V£ I 1 ■ &gt;• fless eupneuism or V olume yvli his for" Volume XIII " while that volume was run- ning. It was the strong feeling expressed byvarious well-wishers utterly unconnected withthe stage, and heartily supported and advo- cated by the Mask's London representative,a business man moving in a world of busi- ness men. Mr. Craig was not consulted, andprobably, like the rest of the public, saw thisinfimitesmal joke, viewed by Messrs Fuerstand Hume as a portentous indication of inhe- rent superstition in the " actor-mind " for thefirst time when he received his January 1927 number. But then Messrs Fuerst and Humeappear to conceive of Mr. Craig as broodingcontinually upon Thewith the unre- mitting solicitude of a male penguin ; whereas,though he usually contributes generously, itis others who hatch out the quarterly egg,and years go by during which he never setsfoot in The Mask Offices, or even in Flo- rence, where it is produced, and where itcontinues to appear punctually, whether hehimself be in Copenhagen, London, Paris orBerlin.Again, the term " a personal organ of pub- licity " is somewhat of a misnomer for ajournal which, through fourteen volumes, hasgathered and published a considerable bulkof writings of men of many periods and manynationalities, from the sixteenth-century Sab- battini to the twentieth-century W. B. Yeats;from the Hungarian Alexander Hevesi to theIndian Coomaraswamy; and on all subjects fromthe No Dances of japan to the Private Theatresof the time of Louis XV ; from the old.Spanish performances to the productions ofShakespeare in India.try and keep your mental footing, gen- tlemen, a little better ; the blind falling intothe ditch arm in arm is a comic rather thana pretty sight.Now about Mr. Fuerst personally I knownothing, except that I do not highly esteemthe literary company he keeps, which eviden- ces no great perspicacity on his part: butabout Mr. Samuel j. Hume I am better in- formed, and, to get a true angle on his stateof mmd and its public expression through theHouse of Knopf, a few earlier biographicalC•1 9 *tacts will prove illuminating.About the year 1909 Mr. Hume, a huskyj oung American from somewhere out west, wasseized, .inexplicably, with a desire to enlistas a student of the Art of the 1 heatre andto to that end, admitted as a pupil ofMr. Gordon Craig. He therefore commencedwriting ardent letters, as have done, and doubt- less will continue to do, many of his com- patriots, representing himself as earnest, wil- ling, modest, obedient, and loyal, and beggingto be given a chance.Western persistence, as manifested in manyletters, won. He was given a chance.He arrived in Florence to begin the mostelementary training and to make himself useful;m such simple ways as might be appointed him.. But unfortunately the goods were not upto the previous representation : Mr. Humeproved capable of very little, which was,doubtless, his misfortune rather than his fault.He was impervious to ideas of art: heis apparently still impervious : he was unwil- ling t© submit to that discipline without whichno organization can exist: he showed little-aptitude ie-r the small tasks assigned him:he could not even be credited with being41 willing and punctual " for he was rather dis- concertingly on the slack side; and neitherthen, nor since, did he prove himself loyalat heart to the master whose service he hadvoluntarily entered.However, he proved so impermanent that"the inconvenience he caused was but transi- tory. His ardour soon flickered out, and with- in .a very short time he had drifted awayfrom ihe leader for whom he had avowed such.strong allegiance.He left no gap. Everybody assumed he■had recovered from that brief abberation whichbad induced him to suppose he wanted todevote his life to art; that he had realizedIiow misplaced he was there, and how com- pletely equipped for the life of a westernranch.They were mistaken.Mr. Hume, however little endowed bynature for the artist career, was an alert Ame- rican, a genuine go-getter. Fie possessed ina marked degree that acquisitiveness whichcharacterises so many of his countrymen.During the brief period when he had cutcardboard for models, or heated the glue-pot,or stood at a switch behind a model-stageawaiting the order to turn it on or off, hehad noted with satisfaction that some verynatty little effects seemed easy of productionby the juxterposition of a few neutral-tintedsteps or columns, the turning on of a colouredlight, and he decided that to produce effectsin the " New style " was as easy as falling•off a log. Accordingly, before long, backin his native States, he was playing just theselittle tricks, braced and flattered by the unfor- tunate credulity of his compatriots, touchingly-eager in regard to what they conceived tohe manifestations of " high art ".Now, remembering Mr. Flume's antece- dents, it is legitimate to wonder whether, when.ihe appears before his public as an apostleand exponent ol the Art of the Theatre, his tongue is permanently in his cheek, or whe- ther he has deluded himself as he has deludedothers into thinking that his little mechanicalstale copy-cat arrangements are any expres- sion whatsoever of art.We have all seen children pick flowersand stick them in the ground to make a gar- den, and for an hour it may look quite pret- ty ; but, having no roots, all quickly withers,has no propagating power, and leaves onlyan untidy mess.Mr. Hume's stage productions are muchof the same futility. They are vapid imita- tions of something which he has observed;present some momentary artificial semblance,(reproduced without perception or understan- ding of the basic truth and vitality of whichsuch phenomena were but single and fugitiveexpressions) of another man's ideas,Remembering all this it is the more dis- tasteful to see Mr. Flume behaving in amanner which so little becomes him towardsthe master to whom he was never loyal, butwhose past kindness to him he has exploitedby every kind of imitative stunt for years past.The second volume of Mr. Knopf's pub- lication is comprised wholly of reproduc- tions of the works and designs of variousscenographers and producers. Mr. Craig'swork here is so conspicuously absent that theauthors themselves have felt constrained tomake the best of a bad business by explai- ning how regrettable it was that Mr. Craigdid not see his way to allowing any of hiswork to be reproduced.I hey did not give the true explanation,which was simply that Mr. Craig saw no reasonto give his work without remuneration to enableMessrs Fuerst, Hume and Knopf to profit byit: for, if you come to think of it, it aprofitable way of producing a volume ofdesigns, .....to get all the artists to concedetheir work without charge to fill such a vo- lume, so that the compilers of the text andthe publisher may sell it for a handsomeprice. The other artists were evidently moresheep-like in their attitude than Mr. Craig, forMessrs Fuerst, Hume and Knopf have roped'them in to the tune of 387 illustrations.I he whole work is well printed, and inthat sense does much credit to the House ofKnopf: but Mr. Knopf would be well ad- vised, next time he aims to publish an expen- sive work on the Theatre, to get a man whose work is worth a costly settting to write andedit it tor him, and to make sure he gets aup-top one. 1 understand iVir. Cseorge JeanNathan has a chair in his building. Whvdid Mr. Knopf not consult Mr. Nathan beforebringing his money and his excellent publishingprestige to this association with Mr. Fuerstand Mr. Hume ? (!) TWENT IE TIT CENTER Y ST AGE DECORA TIONHi Walter Rene Fuerst &amp; Scmuel J. Hurre, iciih cn Introductionby Adolpke Apple. Alfred Knopf\ 2 Volt. Price five Guineas. (I) Evidently written in 1927 while that volume was beingpublished. Ed. P. S. &amp; N. B. - J he above signature is not to beterpen as wtiat j\'/r. Blums calls a *' bizarre pseudonym "of Mr. Craig, he having neither inspired nor read thepreceding review, nor, we believe, "seen as yet this five guinea WOT!? of Messrs Fuerst &amp; Hume, ELINOR WYLIE. C. NOTHING will be more sad to some than the passingaway of the lovely writer Elinor Wylie. — Did some- thing try to enshrine her that she died ?...0 she is neither good nor bad•But innocent and wild!Enshrine her and she dies, who had1 he hard heart of a child.Never was I so astonished as when, having read herbooks with so much beauty in them, 1 came to see aportrait of her with so much beauty in it.{he longing for beauty by beauty, that is a little toomuch for us to contemplate — in this world where lon- ging for what we haven't is the most we can all do.I he world loses far more than it has realized in losing this fine being. L'EGLISE ST. ROCH. PARIS. C. If was close upon two o'clock in the morning that 1left the vivid and delightful company of the directorand creator of the Russian Ballet and some of his devo- ted friends and found myself descending the Rue St. Roch|As i came to the turning where stands the old churchyi eglise St. Roch, f too turned out of my way five pacesand stood facing the entry.All was muddy as well as silent and seemingly very omi- nous, the doors inreatemngly closed... grey black : and 1 saidto myself and to the doors more or less aloud, 44 It was youwho closed and refused to admit the body of Mile. Rau- court when she was brought here for burialSteadily the doors replied, 44 Yes — but only her bodyand saluting, I turned and passed down the street and into my hotel. SOME NOTES ON THEFLAN OF VENICE. 1500. Rolewinck, Venice 1480. /n our last number we issued the first sixplates of the 1500 Plan of Venice, withsome Notes about this. We now issue theremaining six plates, and give here somenotes on some oj the early Theatres of Venice. I HERE were sixteen Theatres in Venicebuilt between the years 1637 and 1699....therefore all built after this plan was made.The Plan serves merely as the best surveyof the ground on which those Theatres cameto be built. NAME OPENED!. I eatro San Cassiano 16372. Teatro S. S. Giovanni e Paolo 16393. i eatro San Moise 16394. 1 eatro Novissimo 16415. Teatro S. S. Apostoli 16496. 1 eatro Sant'Apollmare 16517. Teatro San Salvatore 16618. Teatro Ai Saloni 16709. Teatro Sant'Angelo 167710. Teatro S. Giovanni Grisostomo 1678i1. Teatro Canal Regio 167912. Teatro Alle Zattere 167913. Teatro Altieri 169014. Teatro Santa Marina 169815. Teatro San Fantino 169916. Teatro S. Moise (PrivateIheatre in Calie Lunga) 1699 1. TEATRO SAN CASSIANO. § HE Church of San Cassiano is named onour plan and is found in Plate III.Length 2, height 23.Near this church was the Teatro. 2. TEATRO SAN GIOVANNI E PAOLO. HE plan of this Theatre was first shown1 in " The Mask " volume XIII, No. 3,(1927).Position. La Lande, in his 18th centuryplan of Venice places it on the western sideof the second calk from Rio di S. Giustina.He marks its position with a plan of a theatre.In his list he tickets it "II Teatro ". LaLande can be curiously incorrect.Galvani says that it stood near the Callsdella Testa and Rio della Panada Verso theFondamenta Nuove.V/e know so much, for the FondamentaNuove is long and takes in fifteen to twenty" blocks as we call them today : over 650metres anyhow. What we need to do is toplace it more exactly.Lalande s Plan and Galvani's words areat loggerheads.If we believe Galvani, then the spot onwhich the 1 eatro San Giovanni e San Paolocame to be built in 1639 (i.e., 139 yearsafter this big plan of Venice was engraved)is that which is to the near left of the Churchof San Giovanni e San Paolo across theCanal which runs down its side and overwhich we see two budges crossing. (Plate V.Length 7, height 24). 3. TEATRO SAN MOISE, 1639. PLATE IV. Somewhere between Length 9and 13 and width 4 and 7.Fhei e was a 1 eati o San Moise andclose by a Sala del Ridotto San Moise.Habnit, in his Piantadella Citiadated (I believe) about 1850, places the twobuildings just south of the Church of San Moise(Length 4, height 7 on our Plate IV).But when I was in Venice about 1923it lay where I have indicated above. 4. TEATRO 'NOVISSIMO' 1641. a HIS theatre only existed for six years,was built of wood, was close to theChurch S. S. Giovanni e Paolo on the spotwhere later was built la there- fore in our Flan it is on Plate V., Length 1height 25. 5. TEATRO S.S. APOSTOLI, 1649. THERE were two Theatres of this name.The first in a large house in Calkde' Proverb] ossia Calle Larga. Here weregiven comedies. The secono. m ain Calle dell' Oca where musical drama was.given. Roughly, Plate VLength 17*height 22. 6. TEATRO SANT' APOLLINARE, 1651. j\, good-sized Theatre in the Corte Pe-trxana near the Calls which leads to the iro.~gheilo of San Benedetto (Plate 3, Length 7,height 27). 7. TEATRO SAN SALVATORE, 1661. THIS theatre is situated in the Parish ofSan Cassiano. Plate III, about Length23, height 4-5. 8. TEATRO AI SALONI, 1670. THIS was a little Theatre in the parishof S. Gregorio. Plate IV, Length 16,height 8. 9. TEATRO SANT' ANGELO 1677. [N the Parish of Sand Angelo, Plate III.Length 12, height 29. 10.TEATRO S.GIOVANNI GRISOSTOMO 1678 THIS Theatre was built in 1677 by thenoble family Grimani and opened in 1678with the opera " Vespasiano" by MaestroPallavicino.it was called in 1730 " the true Phoenixof Theatres ". Its name changed a few times :it became Teatro Gallo and then Teatro Ma- li'oran. It was altered and restored in 1834after designs by the architect Salvador!.It will be found on Plate V., Length 15,height 23 precisely. 11. TEATRO CANAL REGIO, 1679. small playhouse built by Marco Moro-J~\ smi quite near the church of S. Giobbe,this theatre will be found in Plate III,Length 22, height 15. 12. TEATRO ALLE ZATTERE, 1679. f\ very small Theatre where Marionnettes■+\ performed. Almost impossible to placebut apparently Plate II. Length 12 &amp; 11,height 2 &amp; 3.%aJ 13. TEATRO ALTIERI. 1690. |N the garden of the Palazzo Altieri.Position not satisfactorily identified. 14. TEATRO SANTA MARINA, 1698. /\ private Theatre not far from the TeatroSan Giovanni Grisostomo (No. 10) inthe Contrada S. Marino near i Miracoli.Plate V., about length 17, height 21. 15. TEATRO SAN FANTINO, 1699. F\JEAR the spot where today La Fenicestands, ...about length 14 to 10,height 32 of Plate HI. 16. TEATRO SAN MOISE, 1699. /V private Theatre in Calie Lunga S. Moise ,which is on Plate IV. Length 6 to 16,height 4 to 5. IJESSDES these sixteen more or less importantplayhouses of the 17th century there wasa tealrino of Murano, 1660, a icatrino ofDolo 1697. Ihe i eatro San Benedetto erectedin 1788 by the Grimani family, architect Fran- cesco Costa of Pad ova : the Teafcro San Luca,erected 1629, destroyed by fire in 1750 andrebuilt in the same year by the architectPietro Chezia : the 1 eatro Fenice built 1791 -2by the architect Antonio Selva : the TeatroS. Samuele, erected by the Grimani familyin ! 688 : the I eatro a! Malcantori, 1639-1748:the I eatro ai Mendicanti built by Torelli,1640-1747 : and then a few small privatetheatres in Palaces. One of these MichaelKelly visited when a boy.Pompeo Molmenti, in his " Sioriarsezia neila Vda F^rivata'' gives the followingfacts about the " theatre of wood constructed atVenezia by Palladio " which "was opened" February 28 1565 " ; and relates that it mayhave been due to the complicated construe- " tion of the theatrical decoration and me- " chanism, and to the exigencies of the actors" and collaborators that the Vincenzian archi- " tect wrote to his fellow-citizen Vincenzo Ar- " naldo:" I have finished making thisblessed theatre in which I have done penancefor all the sins I have committed or mayyet commit. On Tuesday next the tragedywill be recited there. If your lordship couldsee it, I would urge you to come because itis hoped that it will be a rare thing."That the inauguration must have indeedbeen a " rare " occasion can be well estimated,when the building was by such an architect,and the decorations by Federico Zuccheri diSant'Angelo in Vado, (who, Vasari records,made twelve great designs, each seven and ahalf feet square), and the Venetians suchlovers of the theatre that it is recorded ashabitual that they " climbed on the walls,broke in the doors, traversed canals " " to getin where some famous actor was performing.""No record " continues Molmenti, remainsto us of the details of this " representation," nor even the titles of the others which must" subsequently have been given in this wooden" theatre .... but they must have been spectacles"of regal magnificence, such as could he" staged by none but the Compagnia del la" Calza di Venezia and the Academici" Olimpici di Vicenza .... "Tcmenza states that the building of Pal- ladia was destroyed by the fire which in1630 burnt down the Monastery delle Carite,which gives some clue to its position. (1) This letter is given by Temenza in his " Vite dei piu ce- lebri architetti e scultori Veneziani. M.S. Venezia " MDCCLVIII.(2) Parabosco. 44 11 prime libro delie Lettcre famigiiari p. 52.Venezia, 1551. WALDTEUFELTWO LETTERS RELATIVE TOTHE NOTE PUBLISHED IN THELAST NUMBER OF "THE MASK" FROM "THE SKATERS" TO "MY DARLING" Isle of Jethou, Guernsey, C. I. ClR:—4 4 What's wrong with Waldteufel ? " asks D. B. inthe last number of The Mask,44 Nothing at all " is my reply, putting on anotherrecord. I have just played The Skates, to which D. B.says he would like to dedicate a v/hole book, 44 threehundred and sixty-five romances It is certainly one ofthe best waltzes ever composed, and I think most peopleagree on that. It has been recorded many times; theversion I have is played by the Paul Godwin Orchestraon a Brunswick record. Now I am listening to thecheerful Esiudiantina, beloved of the nineties, and on thereverse of this record is Lcs Sirenes, as alluring as its title.This is an Electron record from the Edison Bell Company.I don't pretend to have a complete collection ofWaldteufel discs, but I have enough to prove that theFather of the Modern Waltz has not been neglected bythe recording companies in their response to the new po- pularity of the traditional dance. Surely it is a sign ofgrace that the jazz-ridden public is reaching out for therhythmic curves of this divine dance ? Of course thewaltz as danced nowadays is comparatively a poor affair— gone is the intoxicating whirl — but steps are inventednow with more than half an eye on middle-age, and thetrue Walt?. is the dance of Youth. Yet even Youthdoes not want to get hot and breathless now ; rapture isdead in the ball-room. Even if the girl is willing, whatmodern young man would risk one collar for her ?As D. B. says, disgracefully little is known of EmilWaldteufel, beyond the fact that he was born at Stras- bourg, and was Master of Music io Napoleon III, andthat he is credited with having introduced the modernwaltz into France. The Waltz first appeared at A1 mack'svery tentatively, as early as 1815. I? was known as the4 mazy waltz ', and not much favoured, probably becauseLady jersey, the tyrannical patroness or Almack s, hadlately brought over the Quadrille from Paris, and it wasas much as your ticket was v/orth to want to dance any- thing else.So the 4 mazy ' waltz lay in wait for the arrival ofWaldteufel on the scene in the 1850's when it becamethe rage of Paris and London and the despair of thePuritans. Nowadays it is only on the ice that Waldteufelcomes into his own again. What is more glorious thanan orderly crowd of perfect skaters waltzing to — TheSkaters ? *The god-like inevitability of those exquisite curves,the rapturous swirl, the enchanting rhythm, the torch-litfaces, and ecstasy not denied —- what is there more satis- fying than this ? The Scalers must have been inspiredby some such scene and the result is a wonderful combi- nation of sentiment and high spiritis. The skated waltz,so popular now, persuades us that after all, life is not socompletely fiatchested as it sometimes seems.Before I end — on a tender note — let me beg D. B.to hear some good modern gramophones, so that he will not talk of music which 4 defies * the gramophone. Nodecently recorded music need defy it. That the gramo- phone is still in a state of evolution is true, and at anymoment some new and marvellous invention may supersedepresent principles, but in these days, to talk about defianceis to talk in ignorance ; and it seems all wrong that D. B.should be doing this.Here is my tender epilogue.Fresh and shining from His Master's Voice, a newrecord has just arrived. It is played by Marek Weberand his orchestra, and it is the loveliest old waltz imagi- nable —My Darling, by Emil Waldteufel.Faith Compton Mackenzie. A REPLY FROM D. P. D. P. ClRHave I anything to say, you ask. Wei!, hardlyanything : only I am D. P. not D. B. and as sensitive as akitten about it. Once a slip, twice merely a blunder;but five times does Mrs. Compton Mackenzie Bevil medown.... and I a Pevil.But I like to know that there really are some goodgramophones. I have only a cheap one. It has a cu- rious name.... 44 Pathe Twin ", if I remember aright.Why 44 Twin " I was not able to discover.I he records are good. 1 have only sixty-nine; andthe needles are the usual needles, ten different kinds,Mrs. Compton Mackenzie will I expect agree with methat the bamboo needles do not compare for delicacy withthe newest German tadpole needle.People in London pretended never to have heard ofthese tadpoles;.t. as one of the two Black Crows says,44 they are so soft " ;... the needles, not the Londoners.Still I hold to it that there is something still in musicwhich can be said to 44 defy " the gramophone — if towalk some million miles away from it gives any slight no- tion of defiance.But I am so ignorant of so much, as Mrs. ComptonMackenzie hints ; and surely I more than anyone feel thatit is 44 all wrong that I, talking in ignorance, shoulduse the word 14 defy when I mean only that music seems44 unaware '* of the existence of the gramophone,I or were it really aware it would stoop lower andstill lower and, amiably I hope, oblige.Of Emil Waldteufel I have recently learnt more.44 The Skaters 44 Estudiantina *'.... I so regret I haven'tthree hundred and sixty-five clays for the romances to getdotted down ; —• but I can we!! suppose that in days tocome producers — those flamboyant scenical fellows likeMr. Gordon Craig.... (with all respect I say it) — willsome day drag in Waldteufel to prop up some productionof Cymbeline or Coriolanus, using a 44 loud speaker " — not in ignorance but innocently — innocently.Fleet Street.London. FOREIGN NOTES. GLASGOW. Ed. A Glasgow correspondent sends us the following extract* from an article hy 44 Lime " published on January 18,1929 in the 44 Glasgow Evening News ; and we areglad to bring it to the attention of our readers who haveprobably also heard at times the scoffing term 44 preciousapplied... by its enemies and the enemies of ell that is most vital in the theatre... to 44 The Mask ||N several occasions I have drawn attention here tomerits of 1 he Mask, the magazine which has the bestinterests of the theatre, and particularly the British theatre,at heart, and over which Gordon Craig is the presidinggenius. I do so again.At a time when the British theatre has no leader, nogreat actor, no great producer, no great active dramatist—Isay so advisedly, bearing in mind the fact that BernardShaw is still alive — The Mask supplies that lead asnearly as it can within its power, the power of the prin- ted word. It is the touchstone and the suane.I once had a heated argument with two leading mem- bers of the Scottish National Players as to how much theywere actually doing to encourage the art of the theatre.I said that if they were really concerned with the bestinterests of the theatre and were not merely playing at.theatres they would be selling The Mask in the auditorium.1 hey scoffed at that, fhe Mask, they said, was precious.Precious! What a word from people who wereshortly .to deck their programme sellers out in monk's gownsand cowls !But it was sufficient to show how far we are frombeing a force in the theatre, how far the Scot has to travelbefore he begins to be an original thinker in the theatre. W H Y~Y O U SHO U L D BU Y T H E~\I"ASK T 1i.iin.i IN II mini IMII IMIIIIIW II IHWI II ■■nn— n.mumHI ■» m mum , mump JBJ,RUI the impression of The Mask being precious is notconfined to the Players alone ; it is the stock-in-tradeanswer of those who have only a half-interest in the theatre.Of course, they talk in ignorance. They have not readthose biting, often hard, common-sense comments that adornits eno-pages ; they do not know that its book reviews areamong die best written in English, just because, again,they are so shrewd and so well-informed ; that its formatmakes it a delight to handle ; that it is quick to put itsfinger on the 44 stunt " ; and they do not reflect that justbecause it is the mouthpiece of Gordon Craig it is worthtaking for that alone.The Glasgow Evening News. January 18 - 1929. BOOK REVIEWS. MOLlbRE - A BIOGRAPHY byH. C. Chatfield-Taylor, Liit. D. Duf~field &amp; Co. New York J 928.Price Four Dollars. THIS is the second edition of thebook which was published in 1906,so it is twenty-two years old and asfresh as a daisy. I am not necessarilythe right man for the Editor to haveselected to write this review for I amquite foil about Moliere and am en- tirely enchanted by Mr. Chaifield-Taylor's work. Not only his workon Moliere but also his work onGoldoni.The original preface to the bookis retained and in this one finds detailedreference to the interesting illustrationsof the first edition which are unfor- tunately omitted from the present volume,There is a frontispiece showing thehead of Moliere by Pierre Mignard— a hypnotising portrait — and thereis a little portrait of him in words —it is quoted from De Vize; 44 Elomiredid not speak a word. / found himleaning on my counter in the attitudeof a man who dreams. His eyesWere glued upon two or three personsof quality who were bargaining forlaces and he appeared attentive totheir conversation: for the movement ofhis eyes indicated that he was searchingthe depth of their souls for the thingsthey did not say : I believe, however,he had a memorandum book and that,hidden by his cloak* wrote down,unseen, the most pertinent things theysaid. One is inclined to think ofMoliere, at least I often do, as re- sembling Garrick, in that he wasalways talking, chattering, brilliantlyamusing. One knows of course thatit was peace with him — as De Vizesays 44 he did not speak a wordSo like a man of dreams; but anythingmore unlike a dreamer than Moliereis not to be found. The Stage andthe Drama, which deals, and whichmust deal, with realities, demands thatthe Dramatist shall be a very realperson indeed — a Politician may dream before a Dramatist may. Ican imagine it to be the most painfultask that a man of imagination can beset — that of having to write dramaticmasterpieces to amuse the world, andanyhow to please the Public ; and itwas Moliere's chief boast that hewrote to please. And so, when hecame to think of his wife and herapparent heartlessness, the fact of herhaving " the art of pleasing me entirelycverweighed the trifling little defectssuch as being a coquette, not entirelysincere nor so very kind."Mr Chatfield Taylor, in his enthu- siasm for the literary quality of Mo- liere, is driven to belittle the acting qua- lity of the Italian scenarii, which afterall were the basis of the playwright'straining. As he alludes to the famousIsabella Andreini as being the sisterof Francesco Andreini, whereas shewas his wife and partner in the com- pany of the Gelosi, it would appearthat Mr Chatfield Ta ylor either madea bit of a slip or has not given thesympathetic study to the records of thepre-Shakespeare and pre-Moliere com- panies which they are now beginningto obtain from other scholars. Mr Tay- lor treats of Moliere's develoomentAfrom improvisation to literary form asbeing an escape from Italian leadingstrings and tutelage, 44 except for baresuggestions in the way of plots IfMoliere's genius rose 44 superior to Ita- lian z&amp;nyism there wras continuityand not a break in his flight.Moliere's life was divided naturallyinto three parts : the years of his ge- neral education (1622-1643) in whichhe obtained the best training of histimes ; the fifteen years of apprentice- ship to his profession (1643-1658),twelve of these being spent in the pro- vinces as a wandering player ; and thelast fifteen years of success in Paris(1658-1673), during which he enjoyedthe steady patronage of his king forwhom he worthily played the cour- tier's role.Mr Chatfield I aylor deals excel- lently with these periods and givesspecial chapters to the study of thedramatist as a poet militant, to histheatrical and domestic life, to TheMisanthrope as a reflection of the pri- vate sorrow of that life, to the cam- paign against quackery, to Moliere'sfriendships, and to his 44 histrionicplays—-the purely stage plays conceivedprimarily to amuse an audience.1 he final chapter, in which the dra- matist is reconciled to his waywardwife, Armande Bejart, after over fouryears of separation, and in which thedeath of Madeleine Bejart, the actress who discovered his genius and remai- ned throughout her life his comradeand adviser, and the death a year laterof Moliere himself are recounted, is sofull of human interest that it needs buttelling straightforwardly, as Mr Taylortells it.It is of course utterly impossible foranyone, even Mr. Chatfield-Taylor, towrite of Mme. Moliere quite truthfully,because, if I don't misquote, " to thesuperiority of another one can put upno defence but that of leve ". SinceMoliere put up that defence of loveonly, what he felt must be the supe- riority of Mme. Moliere. Then theposition could be nothing very awful,...so where are we?Since it is impossible for man andwoman to understand each other,... orlet us say well-nigh impossible,... andsince the misunderstanding of these twowas the tragedy of the life of Moliere,how can any historian be expected toclear up things ? There is no clearingup because there is nothing to clear up.Mme. Moliere has been taken fartoo seriously by the historians, and thatis probably due to the fact that herhusband took her a little too seriously.After he was dead she lived for anotherthirty years or so, and, what is more,married again. How can you takeanybody seriously who is quite asfunny as that ?Mme. Moliere has to live and likesto live, but it is none the less funny thatthis great creature Moliere, who poursout to millions of us the very thing wewant to know v and hear, was quiteunable to pour out anything thatMme. Moliere wanted to hear, have,know, feel or like. And Mme Molierewas the chief actress ; she was open toan inspiration we suppose ; — shecould, we imagine, have touched theheights that at least Rachel touched ; —but no, she is an insignificant person,...which is hard luck on Mme. Moliere.Added to this, scurrilous writers de- voted the last years of her life toannoying her, and Moliere himself musthave annoyed her whilst he was alive.How troubling this thought is.Elsewhere in this number can beread a letter written by Moliere abouthimself and his wife. It is supposedto be written by someone else, but isobviously a letter by Moliere, quotedword for word. Mr. Chatfield-Taylorwill not commit himself to say so asemphatically as 1 do here; he says44 so touching are the poet's Words, soreplete with true sentiment and feeling&gt;that some have believed them to betaken from an actual letter written tohis friend by the poet himself." I must find a little fault with Mr.Chatfield-T ay lor, because if I don't Imight fall to gushing about this bookwhich delights me so much ; and onething I would ask him: why it is hemust speak of the morality of theatricalpeople as not an easy cause to defendwhen it is as easy to defend themorality of the theatrical people asof any other people. I had thoughtthat v/e had got so far in our under- standing, and even a bit further in oursympathy. True, 45 the morality oftheatrical people in an age of licenseis not an easy cause to defend but,instead of 4 theatrical people ', Mr.Chatfield-Taylor must allow me todelete and alter to 4 any people'.I cannot quite agree with Mr.Chaifield Taylor when he speaks ofMoliere's resentment towards the fa- culty of medicine, and that it wasthis resentment which caused him toilluminate so many of his plays withso much fun. I think it may havebeen likely that he felt no resent- ment towards Doctors until they wereparticularly rude to him. It is muchmore likely that all his jokes about theDoctors were taken by the handfulfrom the Comedie Italienne becausethey were such good stuff for anevening's entertainment. His portfoliosmust have been packed with thesecentury-old Italian jokes about Doctorsjust as they were packed with jokesabout everything, including dramatists. Ithink it is never really safe to try andread the feelings of a dramatist fromwhat his characters are made to saybecause the dramatist has so stronglythat faculty for putting himself — throw- ing himself — into another person'sbeing and of hopping out again asnimbly; so it is an error to stop andcriticise him for making a fool ofhimself when he is only pretending tobe a doctor of Medicine for three- quarters of an hour.Although it is welinigh impossibleto write about Moliere's domestic life,it is none the less most interesting toread of it, and indeed to read of itover again and again. Whether, whenwe come to read of the private lifeof Mr. Bernard Shaw, Moliere's willseem at all dull, I don't know, butI am afraid that Moliere's will seema bit black beside it.There are no jaeger tints in Mo-Here — all is sunrise, sunset and blacknight. I here is nothing made abouthim, planned about him, except hisplays, and no one can discover theplans of them : — if we could weshould again be able to write good plays,for you will never find anyone reading a play of Moliere's who does not exclaim,and exclaim with the delight of achild — this is a play —• this is lovely.The book contains a splendid chro- nology, besides a bibliography and thenecessary index. WILLIAM CONGREVE. EditedWith an introduction by Bonarny Dobree.Oxford University Press, London :Humphrey Milford. Price 2j— eachvolume. N«IIN w nil ■IIIIIWI. HI III,IIII'INIT seems almost incredible that in* the two tiny volumes, each of fivehundred odd pages, you get the wholeof William Congreve's works, and allfor the price of ... and here I amgoing to get jolly angr}'. It is theeighth time in the last year that Ihave come across copies of the World'sClassics kindly sent in for review andwithout a single intimation as to howmuch the dear little volumes cost.One would imagine that they werede luxe volumes of which the pricesdare not be mentioned lest theyfrighten everybody. But here isperhaps the most popular library inthe world, and nowhere does it statehow cheap these volumes are. How- ever, I am going to have a shot atguessing what the price should be, andif I guess too low and if by doingthat I spoil the market for the OxfordUniversity Press, it is the Oxford Uni- versity Press's fault. I guess that theycost one shilling and ninepence a vo- lume ; now if they cost four shillingsor even three shillings and sixpence thecouple of hundred people who on read- ing this will besiege Amen Corner onor about the second of April, will beso enraged on discovering that the vo- lumes are more than I have hinted theyare, there will probably be a riot inthe Squared).Why aren't they more practical atthe Oxford University Press? Every- body seems practical there ; I have seenthem and so I can vouch for it. Mr.Gerald Hopkins himself looks a powerof practicality — a colossus of goodsense, and 44 The Mask ", voicing Pub- lic Opinion, has made it clear toMr. Hopkins etc. etc. over and overagain that the price should be on eachvolume, and yet nothing is done. Mustone write to 44 The Times" about it?Anyhow Congreve is worth one shillingand ninepence in this form, „on thispaper and bound in the excellent littlecover with the unspeakably awful designon the back. A really good, ordnarily good,design is quite as easy to get as anextraordinarily bad one, so the OxfordUniversity Press must forgive me forbeing so untactfully frank about sucha trifle. It's the Oxford UniversityPress that's the point, and this designwould not even be seen on one of theGeneral Post Office's penny stamps.The Congreve volume contains sur- prisingly lovely things. (1) To avoid this calamity we have en- quired and supplied the price, and give itabove. Ed. VOLPONE. Adapted by StefanZweig. Translated by Ruth Langner.George allien and Unwin Ltd. Lon- don, Price six shillings. haven't added the name of the•* English author of this book because,though the real author is Ben Jensen,he has been adapted by Stefan Zweigand Miss Ruth Langner has translatedhim back again into English. I sup- pose it is all right to adapt and re- translate and so forth, since it may beuseful to the stage, but why have theyprinted it ? To print it is treason :treason against Ben Jonson, unfair onZweig if profitable to Langner.Volpone, the original play by BenJonson, may need furbishing up inorder to make it a good play, and,certes, it may take a foreigner to doit, and he at perfect liberty to dowhat many other foreigners have donewith our literature for so, many years :—i. e}. to change the whole thing andto make it up-to-date : but it would bemuch better to call it something else andto omit Ben Jonson's name altogetherthan to adapt quite so freely as ailthat.I have read the first few lines andI don't want to read any more ; notthat I doubt that the thing, if staged,might go very nicely, adapted in thisfree way and translated back again intoEnglish ; but because I am sufficientlya lover of a fine artist to be offendedto the bones by such treatment. Thetreatment I allude to being the draggingin of Ben Jonson's name : that's all.It is trying to get on in the world bysaying 44 Oh yes, I know Jonson quitewell; I also know the Birkenheads *. Itleans towards this sort oi thing; so I forone don't know Mr. Zweig and don'twant to know him : besides, I am offto my Restaurant. THE MEMOIRS OF J. M. Dent,With some Addition by Hugh R. Dent.J. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 7/6 net. IT is a fine story, this of the tenth sonof a fine-natured but humbly situa- ted man who, starting from the very smal- lest beginnings, made himself a powerin the publishing world ; spread goodbooks around in editions accessible toall, in ever increasing numbers; builtup a great business; shared in manydisinterested public projects; and livedhis own life and had the friendship ofmany of the most interesting personali- ties of the time, to the full.It was a life of expansion and ac- tivity from first to last. The man waswhat we call a dynamo, and his forceseemed always seeking fresh channelsthrough which to pour.Brought up in the strict atmosphereof Quaker Darlington, the boy's ear- liest passion was the theatre, which hehad to visit by stealth and which heeven had some idea of adopting as acareer until convinced that the lame- ness with which he was afflicted fromhis childhood would disqualify him evenfor a 44 Walking-on gentleman ".A 44 complete dullard at schoolhe yet formed an early habit of rea- ding which never left him; and thefact that his 44 first employment was asa kind of messenger-boy and ticket- collector to an Art Exhibition ", andhis next, apprenticeship to a printer as44 an all-round workman ", early gavehim the bent towards that which wasto be his life work.A mere glance down the chapterheadings indicates on what wide and&lt;expanding lines he worked ; how thesmall early enterprises extended into/Aldine House and the Letchworth estab- lishment, and the Canadian house; andhow the multiform activities of any alertand serious publishing house were starredby such admirable special features as44 The Temple Library the 44 TempleShakespeare the 44 Mediaeval TownsSeries(planned during one of hisvisits to Italy, a country he intenselyloved) : and the great 44 Everyman *"series, which began years ago giving us,for what he called the 44 democraticshilling a long and delightful seriesof the literary treasures of the world.The Memoirs were written by him- self 44 without any idea of publication ",44 meant to be treated as a personalletter from the author to his intimate; but Mr. Hugh Dent, long hisfather s devoted and efficient colleague,and now Chairman of the great Firmwhich his father founded, has donewell to share with a larger public thisstory of his father's life. IT'S SMEE by George Shelton,Ernest Benn Limited, Price 5/- net. D. P. |HIS is a very nice little book ; notonly nice because it is little, butat least 4 it s thatIt reminds me rather of a book of reminiscences ofan actor of the eighteenth century whoplayed as a boy with Garrick at DruryLane and who wrote a most melan- choly lot of recollections, and his nameI think was Everard. This bookreminds me of that book because, inone hundred years from now, therewon't be many laughs left in this onealthough there are so many of themin it now. Mr. Shelton writes thebook with his memory filled with therecollections of those people who knewwhat Shelton was talking about whenhe mentioned the name—44 Mr. Toole";who remembers that name now ? ofwhat is it significant ? what will peopleto-day find funny in the followinganecdote : —"On one occasion, while Toolewas at the Old Ship Hotel, Brighton,Bleackley came to see him, and, asthey very often did, they began talkingtogether about their ailments. SaidBleackley * Johnny, I'm terribly bo- thered at night. I can't get to sleep/4 Oh,9 said Toole ; 4 I can give youa splendid prescription that will sendyou off to sleep at once.' 4 Forgoodness sake I 9 cried E. O., as hehe Was called. 4 What on earth isit ? 9 4 It's a copy of my Remini- scences I 9 said Toole."We who can remember Toole findit very charming ; we who rememberhis face and his voice begin to laugh,but in one hundred years they willfeel as I always feel when I read therecollections of Everard. When Mr.Shelton asks Mr. Toole for anotherpound a week on to his salary — Mr.Toole replies 44 I'll see you damnedfirst"; of course we get the wholepoint of it when we know Toole,Shelton, London and the rest of it; butin fifty years from now there won'tbe a smile left in it.In this book George Shelton hasonly painted an inch thick; he hasforgotten to lay it on large enough forthe centuries which are coming. Butit will be something for him to be inthe company of Everard, for there isa certain quality in both of these bookswhich is always dear to us and alwaysquietly makes its little point, and Iam not so sure that it is not a triumpheven to make a little point with acouple of centuries between you andyour silent audiences.There are a number of things thatI could say about this book which Iam itching to say and may not, becauseit is nine to one that they would hurt;and yet I feel nothing but likingtowards the Actor who I met onceand talked with at Barnstable ; I shalL never forget the genial personality.Occasionally I said a word or two,but Shelton's kindness and goodnessbeamed and filled the place to therafters. It was the Bar we were in ;we had lost the train, or rather hehad ; I wonder if he will remember ?and curiously enough I rememberthinking at the time — when Sheltoncomes to write his memoirs what ajolly book it will be; how it willsparkle; how we shall all roar withlaughter, and, what is more, what aprofundity of thought and feeling willbe behind it all; and it is these thingsthat I want my readers to look to find,I labour under a disadvantage : —I have known the writer — that ad- vantage will be memorable in my re- collections to the end ; it is long sinceI saw him, for my beat is betweenRed Lion Court and the little Restau- rant, which I do not intend to advertisehere in spite of its excellent MixedGrill; but then if I were to meetShelton tomorrow, he might remembermy face but would not remember myname ; and yet, as perhaps my readersalready know, mine is an honouredname in the Profession — although oneof my ancestors who bore preciselythe same name was Stage DoorKeeper at Drury Lane as those whoturn to the histories can ascertain fcjra certainty; and, though the otherancestors never rose higher in the worldof the stage than to carry banners,when they weren't carrying bucklers,still we were rather celebrated foralways having our own opinion onwhat Mr. Macready did and whatMr. Charles Kean should do, and Ithink it is from these self-opinionatedones of the stage of yesterday that Ihave inherited a certain flair for my ownopinion. It is probably that in BarnstableGeorge Shelton noticed this and pre- vented me from butting in by keep- ing up a fire of conversation, andit is probably because of that that Iam getting my own back again here.But my opinion is that it is an excellentlittle book this, and far more readablethan some of the large books on theart of the theatre whose authors I will not name. ORIGIN AND DEVELOPMENTOF LIGHT OPERA by SterlingMackinlay. Hutchinson &amp; Co. Firstcheap edition, Price 10/6 net. THIS book was already fully re- viewed and warmly praised in itsfirst and more costly edition in " TheMask", Volume XIV, No 2 (1128).The present editition, at the moderate price of 10/6, is Welcome because itbrings a useful and well illustratedwork within the reach of many studentswho may have been debarred frombuying the first edition.Mr. Mackinlay tells the story ofLight Opera in many lands and manycenturies. Beginning with the stage ofancient Greece and Rome, and touch- ing upon Egypt and the East, hetakes a birdseye view of the subjectfrom mediaeval Europe down to mo- dern times, inclusive of England andAmerica, France, Italy, Spain, Ger- many, Austria, Russia and Scandinavia.The pages are full of history andhistorical figures; there are many anec- dotes, both serious and amusing, of per- sonalities and events; musical criticisms,plots of operettas; and glimpses of com- osers, librettists and other figures ofphe operatic world crowd the pages,t Mr. Mackinlay's book, moreover, iswell planned in that it shows briefly thedevelopment of scenery and lighting, oforchestral and musical forms, masks,customs, and the theatre itself, fromancient times to the present.Many illustrations.... nearly fifty....enliven the whole, and we recommendthis entertaining, and now inexpensive,book, to all who wish to learn moreof the genesis, development and back- ground of light opera. THE WHITE WALLET by Pa- mela Grey (Viscountess Grey of Fallo- don). Designs by Stephen Tennant./. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 5/- net. THIS Anthology of prose and versecontains many good things, thoughno particular plan seems to have gui- ded the compiler in the selection ofthe extracts.Drawn from many ancient and mo- dern sources, perhaps too much pro- minence has been given to the writingsof T. W. FI. Crosland, quotations fromwhose writings far out-number anyother author.But where did the compiler find theversion she gives of Blake :" The angel that presided o'er my birthSaid, little creature born for joy and mirth," Go, live without the help of anything onearth " ?We had always known it as" Go, love without the help of anything onearthWe like the following old advertise- ment, cited by Macaulay :"Although it is Wrong, I must frankly confess,To judge of the merits of folk by their dress,I cannot help thinking an ill-looking hatIs a very bad sign in a man for all that.Especially now as James Johnson is willingTo touch up old hats in style for a shilling,And give them a gloss of so silktJ a hue,As makes them look newer than when theywere new Altogether a very pleasant little col- lection of miscellanies to have uponone's shelf. THE EVERYMAN SERIES./. M. Dent &amp; Sons. Price 2j- net. [HE recent volumes issued bring thiscelebrated collection up to 822volumes, and we note that the bind- ing, paper and general excellence of thebooks keep to the established standard.Seeing another work by Defoe amongthese latest volumes reminds us thatthe second greatest book by Defoe isnot yet in this series, ..." Moll Flan- ders "... and the Everyman series willnot be complete without it.Among the latest volumes issued are:44 The Plain Speaker ", WilliamHazlett. The Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyamand Six Plays by Calderoix* translatedby Edward Fitzgerald.Eighteenth Century Plays selectedby John Hampden.A Tour through England and Wales(2 volumes) by Daniel Defoe.Grace Abounding, and The Lifeand Death of Mr. Badman, by JohnBunyan.A New Book of Sense and Non- sense, edited by Ernest Rhys.44 Marriage ", (an old tale whichpleased Sir Walter Scott), by SusanFerrier.Jorrocks, Jaunts and Jollities, by Ro- bert Smith Surtees.More Tales from Hans Anderson.Castiglione's 44 The Courtier " trans- lated by Sir Thomas Hoby.Sir John Mandeville's Travels. EDITORIAL NOTESJANUARY: FEBRUARY: MARCH: THE CREDO OF THE MASKSINCE ITS FOUNDATIONo1908- 1 9 2 9 o AS many are reading 44 The Mask "today who Were not doing so in1918 when we first printed the fol- lowing 44 Declaration of Belief ", orin 1923 when we reprinted it, ttfehold it to he of value to reprint itonce again in this fifteenth volume,to clear any misapprehensions and toconfirm once more the principles towhich, now as then, We adhere.IHJEED THE MASK make any pro- * testations of faith this year?...You know its beliefs. Do you thinkthey will change today ?... Why shouldthey ?Nothing is more easy than that itshould remain staunch to its Cause.It is a Cause which, when it bears fruit,will bring a little benefit to every-body.But as that Cause is always beingmisrepresented and belittled by thosecurious folk who seem to want theworld to stand still so that they maymake a remark and ten per cent, letus once more rehearse the Creed.q THE MASK BELIEVES in TheTheatre and in The Drama whetherwritten, acted, sung or spoken.q THE MASK BELIEVES in it alU q THE MASK BELIEVES in the Ac- tor and in the Actress.Q IT BELIEVES in the Marionnettes;and in Masks.q IT BELIEVES in Sceneries and sics and in Dancing, in Dancers, Musi- cians, Scenographers and Dramatists,if; BELIEVES in every blessed or cursed?thing that ever was, is or shall be inThe Theatre.... if Theatrical.q BELIEVES in The Theatre of Eu- rope and in the Theatre of Ame- rica. Not alone in one local Thea- trical group.q BELIEVES in, and venerates, thegreat Asiatic Theatre.q IT BELIEVES in the FUTUREOF THE THEATRE .... not alonein the future of a phase of the Lon- don, Paris, or Honolulu Theatre, butin the whole.q IT LOVES AND ADORES all thatcan be called The Theatre.q IT IS ENTRANCED by the 44 Thea- trical. " Which some day is to becomethe Theatrical without inverted com- mas.IT LOVES the dust and the ragsand the paint and the daub and dirtof the Old fTheatre.... its ancientsmell.... its strange air.... its queerways.... ALL.HOW SHOULD " THE MASK " NOTLOVE IT ALL ? €J As for those who misrepresent "THEMASK tell them from me that weknow our own Mother, and what sheexpects of us, and that no one butshe shall dictate to us our duty.q THE THEATRE is our Mother. Itsarms encircle the Globe. It is not Pa- rochial.... not hypocritical.... not pa- thetic.... not pious.... not puffed up....starched or spotless. Not a piece ofVirtue without any goodness, butHuman.Its faults become ours.Do you suppose we shall not lovethese faults.... What ?Or do you suppose either that weshall tolerate them in ourselves forlong.... What ?If our Home is not quite as perfectas that of the other Muses it can be....and so it shall be.Give us time to put it in betterorder....Give us bricks to build the founda- tions of a new one.Send no more incompetents to ouraid.... send no more advice, no moreweak-kneed patrons.... send us moresolid assistance if you will.... reliablemen and enough money.... we needboth.And help us by routing misrepre- sentation.Q You, OUR READERS AND EN- COURAGERS, nail the lies to the doorsof the liars....The Tarradiddle that we want noDrama.The Yarn that we want nothing butScenery.The Whopper that we despise theActor.... that we wish to glorify theProducer only.... that our theories arerash innovations, are not based uponthe oldest and best traditions.... Andthat special fib of the fib-mongers, thatwe are exclusive, that we want a pre- cious Theatre de Luxe.... nail itup ! !We exclude nothing except the non-Dramatic.... the non-Theatrical; andthe great traditions we reverence.We include all and every good formof Theatre in our Programme, we donot exclude the worst: already we havechanged some of the worst theatresinto good ones.So Trace the lies up and down thecities to the housedoors of the liars andnail them there. Do that part of thework for us and we will do therest.q And say besides that it was I whoasked you to do so on behalf of THEMASK and the Dramatic Genius ofthe World. Gordon Craig.Florence 19 IS. PERSONALITY ANDo THE ARTS. o Is a great work of art the productof a great person ?If so what exactly is a great person?We will suppose Alexandre Dumasis that — if health, overflowing heartyspirits and vigour count. How muchare they to be allowed to count ?Burns is a great poet surely. Ve- lasques and Rubens are great paintersas surely. But then Heine is as greata poet and was not robust; Giotto andChopin were sickly.Is health to be reckoned with ? —does it count or not ?The answer seems to be that oldremarkable one — yes and no.And character: — does charactercount ? — what character ? — all, oronly the controlled and disciplined ?Edmund Kean and Henry Irving forinstance : — the one wild as flames,the second well controlled; do bothcount equally, or one more and theother less ?What should be the fear, whereshould be the folly, if we all acknow- ledge ourselves lacking in certain qua- lities and make the effort to developthose qualities — and to discipline ourdefects ?We do not know what it is welack. We Will not see, or, being told,(even by ourselves) we will not admitthere is any value in what we lack.Is that too personality ?Do our great personalities achievewhat they hoped they would achieve ?Are they ever successful ?Some who wanted wealth (neededit) are poor.They wanted the world's recognitionand they pass unnoticed except bythose few 44 in the swim ".They wanted comfort and power —they seem to have little of either. Andhealth — they are losing some ofthat.Liberty of action they demanded —for themselves.Criticism they spurned — and cri- ticised others.44 I teach freedom in life -— freedomfrom all ties — religious, domestic,civil, all says this one ; and the samehour insinuates that M. M. is not asmoral as he might be.Is personality able to live and deve- lop better in the world or in retire- ment ? Which is easier ?Are we to deduct something vilefrom all personality when consideringit as great, or are we to add something— some more understanding — to ourown small personalities when stopped by great personality and forced to lookit up and down ?Is great personality bound to possessbig qualities and big defects ?AH these questions puzzle us all nowand again, and we think that to occa- sionally attempt to answer them is ncrtwithout profit. o ''HAMLET'', o DLBLIOPHILES, and all Who delightin great books produced in nobleand beautiful format, will look forwardwith eagerness to the appearance ofthe magnificent new Edition of 44 Ham- let " which is being prepared inWeimar at the Cranach Press, theowner of which is Count Harry Kessler.For this Edition Mr. Gordon Craighas cut over a hundred blocks, on arare American wood which gives aunique impression, and has himselfspent some time in Weimar to supe- rintend their printing.Among the workers at the CranachPress are some of the men who weretrained by William Morris at the Kelms- cott Press,Every leaf of this new 44 Hamlet "is being printed by .hand on a paperwhich has been specially made by handfor this Edition. The two types usedhave been designed and cut by Ed- ward Johnston, an Englishman, and oneof the finest type-designers living.Altogether a superb edition is to beanticipated. FEL IX VALLOTIN. IjN page 25 we reproduce a headof the French actor Mounet-Sullyby the French artist Felix Vallottin,who was one of the first to revive thebold stile of wood-engraving with strongmasses of black and white.The artist, not long before his death,gave especial permission to 44 The Mask "to reproduce this engraving. MACBETH DESIGNS. had been obtained fromMr. Gordon Craig for the repro- duction of some of his " Macbeth "designs to accompany the reports prin- ted on earlier pages of this number.But as these have not reached us intime, we hope to include them in afuture issue. LAST WORDS. SENSIBLE PEOPLE D. P. IWJRS Kate Drain Lawson, technical directorof the stage of the New York TheatreGuild, is a lady I like... not condescendinglyspoken nor thought, but as honestly as a GrubStreet hack can be honest.I should like her if I knew her better.I like her as it is without having spoken to her.She wanted to be a dancer, not a tech- nical director : that I like : she became a veryable technical director : I like that too. Shedoes the impossible at twenty-four hours notice:Fve always liked that: she takes on a role ata suggestion, — " when no one else will "and that I like too.It's these sensible people I like — whowant to do one thing and do another. I don'tdo that; that's why I like them and not myself.I do what I set out to do, ...get lunch atone o* clock punctually for myself — up FleetStreet — la mere Grub write the press no- tices of plays and puff the players and otherperformers and occasionally technical directors.I dislike that, ...but I sometimes like them.I am writing a book about them all:— it will never be finished ; for to write thatproperly would mean postponing my luncheonhour indefinitely — forgetting realities.And then I should be doing neither whatI set out to do, nor what the so likeable MrsKate Drain Lawson does.I read a notice all about Mrs. Kate DrainLawson which made me write this.I don't know her : I never saw her work:— but she wanted to be a dancer -— and istechnical director to the New York TheatreGuild.... God help her.She wanted to dance A MEANINGLESS PHRASEDEMPSEY A ACTOR.SALARY OF £ 2000 A WEEK. E. G. C. JACK Dempsey, the ex-heavyweight boxingchampion of the World, made a successfulfirst appearance as an actor at the MajesticTheatre, New York lost night in the play" The Big Fight in which his wife, MissEstelle Taylor, plays the part of a manicurist,states a New York Message.The play concerns the effort of Dempseyto regain the title which, in the play, hefinally wins by a knock out.Dempsey's salary for this engagement isstated to be £2.000 a Week. THE above item of news caught my atten- k tion in looking through a paper of Sep- tember 20th last.There can be no such thing as the titlestates, and Journalists might take rather morecare to write only what can be, lest journa- lism come to lose its splendid reputation forbeing clear and reahYou can't say " Dempsey as actor".He is an actor or he is not one. "Asan actor : " —- rather silly isn't it ? Acting isa reality, and if you act you become actor.So, gentlemen of the press, give our stage still a chance. MORE HIGHBROW FUNo ACOMMENT. o A correspondent, having read the note in thelast number of 44 The Mask " on " High- brow Fun", in which we quoted the wordsof a London journal 44 Mosquin has been des- cribed as " the Irving of Russia and the titleis Well deserved '* writes :-— * I agree inprotesting against such phrases.44 Many people like to form some cor- rect idea about an actor before going to seehim on the stage, so it is advisable that cor- rect statements should be made about actorsand performers on the screen.44 For example, I should be pretty dis- appointed if before going to see Charlie Chap- lin I were to read in some journal that hispathos was reminiscent of Duse at her best ;or that he was the Giovanni Grasso of Ame- rica. I would not enjoy my evening if beforegoing to see Sir Martin Harvey I should readin a magazine that he was " the Chaplin ofEnglandSo when I read the words you quote,which assert that *'Mosquin has been des- cribed as " the Irving of Russia and the titleis Well deserved " I feel perfectly sick withthe silly side of the Press. MONSIEUR SAINT E-BEUVEIMTIII ■■■■■■ IIW'Ifll'lllBBWWHMBP—BBKSESBMWMBtW ITU BiWllMHMHOgMMMWMMMI ■iWfcllll" ■ TUNE 20, 1864. At our Magny DinnerJ this evening.... the name of Henri Heinewas suddenly mentioned; .... Gautier extolledthe physical appearance of the German poet,and declared that when he was quite younghe was the very personification of beauty,marred only by a slightly Jewish nose. 'Apollowith a touch of Mephistopheles '. * Really *,said Sainte-Beuve, * I am surprised to hearyou speak in such a manner of a creature whogot all the information he could out of you,and then made use of it in the newspapers—aman who destroyed the reputation of his bestfriends '.Excuse me observed Gautier quietly,I was his intimate friend, and never had anyreason to find fault with him. He never saidanything against a man unless he thought illof his work*This extract is from " Edmond et JulesDe Goncourt " compiled hy M. A. Belloc&amp; M. Shedlock. (Heinemann, 1895).Here is another : —January 1869. Princess Matilde Buona- parte to the de Goncourts: " Sainte-Beuvehas gone over to the Temps !—our personalenemies ! ".Comment. It must be a positive misfor- tune-—daily a challenge to the Fates—to haveSainte or St. as a prefix to your name. o A N ATOM OF TIME.o AN hour has sixty minutes — each minutehas sixty seconds ; so that there are threethousand six hundred seconds in every hour.Something can be done in an hour, andeven in a second.What can be done in an atom of time ?For it appears that there is an atom of time.In an hour there are twenty two thousand, fivehundred and sixty atoms.This I learn from that ever entertaining, surprising publication "Notes and Queries"which is now in its seventy-ninth year.This way of reckoning time is mediaevaland is found in the Cambridge University MSof the "Cloud of Unknowing". There welearn that a point is the fourth part of anhour ; that a moment is the tenth part of apoint; an ounce is the twelfth part of a moment,and an atom is the forty-seventh part of anounce.A moment was therefore one and a halfminutes, i. e., ninety seconds.When we used to speak of ' half a mo- ment ' I suppose we mean threequarters of aminute.That was taking time practically ; for inthree quarters of a minute something reallycan be done thoroughly ; whereas in an atomof time at the most all one can do is to con- ceive an entire poem — if one be Dante orShakespeare. BEHIND THE TIMES. THE Theatre is an art and cannot be mix- ed with business " writes MichaelStrange.We ever doubted but suspected this andregret to say said so as much as*...20 years ago19181716151413121110987654321 year agoAnd this year.Michael, go buy a watch. A FAMOUS CLOWN. jj HE picture of Robert Bradbury (Plate 2)which illustrates Mr R. J. Broadbent'sarticle. "A Famous Clown " is from a photo- graphic reproduction of what the author statesto be 44 the only picture I have heard ofBradbury ". *The original is the property of the Na- tional Library of Ireland, and it is by kindpermission of that Library that it is now re- produced in "The Mask". VII. Plan of Venice 1500. IX. Plan of Venice 1500. XI. Plan of Venice 1500. XII. Plan of Venice 1500.