Bruno's Weekly 2 5 January 29th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-01-29_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 5 Coulton Waugh Illustration 1 This poein by Edgar Allan Poe, written for and given to a Philadelphia lady, remained in the possession of her descendants until a few weeks ago when it was sold, together with other valuable autographs to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan. It has never been published before and is herewith given to the world for the first time. Illustration 3 A Philosopher Among Russian Dancers An Interview with Adolf Bohm. Djuna Barnes cre 4-5 Whoever will be free, must make himself free: Friedrich Nietzsche cre 5 London Letter Edward Storer cre 6-7 Eternal Minutes Guido Bruno cre 7-8 A Little Tale by Feodor Sologub Captive Death Translated by John Cournos cre 8-9 Balkan Stories After the German of Roda Roda, by Guido Bruno cre 9 God Save the King! Tom Sleeper cre 10 Lions' Roars D. Molby cre 10 Prithee, To What Purpose? Tom Sleeper cre 10 A Dream Karl M. Sherman cre 10 Original Drawing by Rudyard Kipling. (Size reduced.) From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan Illustration 11 War and Books Cora Bennett Stephenson cre 11-13 Books and Magazines of the Week 13-14 In Our Village 14-16 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 16-17 The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life and Experience in Reading Gaol* His Warder cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents January 29th, 1916N.S.E. Copyright January 29th, 1916. Original matter, including alldrawings, may not be reproduced without permission ofGuido Bruno; but that permission may be assumed if credit itfiyen to author and Bruno's Weekly. READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS52IssuesTwo Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 5 JANUARY 29th, MCMXVI Vol. II Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Application for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office of NewYork pending. Coulton Waugh This poein by Edgar Allan Poe, written for and given to aPhiladelphia lady, remained in the possession of her descendantsuntil a few weeks ago when it was sold, together with othervaluable autographs to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan. It has neverbeen published before and is herewith given to the world forthe first time. A Philosopher Among Russian Dancers An Interview with Adolf Bohm. Djuna Barnes. JHE tumult and the shouting die's, the press-men and theveils depart—and what is left ?—Some cosmetic errors theAdolf 80lm6 Stretching of the arch of multitudinous feet' andtweM--S )v.ho, has discovfTed himself next to Najinski, nowLe \wnS ! fone- H,e Is the pampered, over-familiarhiVInWH 7L Vug °t th.at top-heavy though attractivehigh-nipped Zobeide. He, who is Chef guerrier of Le PrinceIgor, not forgotten in Les Sylphides and still on view in LaPrincess Enchantee and Soleil Du Nuit.He comes through the melieu of the Ballet with the smite&lt;&lt; &gt; lnan who suffers in three languages.Bakst—-ah, there you have not only the savage, you havealso the artist. I have often thought, how dreadful to be thepicture—you know what I mean? No? I shall explain. Noticethe eye of the connoisseur of arts, then imagine yourself theirgoal. See? It is so with the costume. Therefore, I say, howdieadfm to be the picture but how still more lamentable to bethe costume. " *"Bakst is a successful organ; he has a keen appetite, a nosefor cafes, a delightful sense of humor, an impressive style offlirting. His advances are of a marked and successful nature,considering his natural inborn plainness. Of his retreats onemight say they are masterly. He sails a boat and drinks teawith graceful repugnance."He has however one fault—ah, an immense trifle—his head- gear the hoods, the turbans, the what-nots that he conceivestor the heads of his disciples—Beautiful ? Yes, as only udvand vulgar things are,—but—"He paused knocking his gold cigarette case upon his palm1, ,m,y fnend Leon forgets that in the classic arts the feetshould have pre-eminence."Is Bakst new, is his art the art of the creator? Often Iam asked that, very often I hear others asked that. There isan answer. The tragedy of man—'there had been a pastthetragedy of nature—there will be a future."Without your yesterdays all would be great today. No, ofcourse, Bakst is not new. Egypt may have been builded on'thedust of an older Egypt, Rome may have fallen once again onRome.'In Russia there are other Russians—better perhaps, and also,perhaps not. Bakst happened to come when he was needed,when the world was ready for him.It is harder, I admit, to become known for what one hasnot done than for what one has. Bakst took the easiest way.he became known for what he did. Not for his restraint, butfor his vigor. One can say of him what Wilde said of HallCain—he creates at the top of his voice."Therefore it is that one should not say Bakst dares, oneshould say Bakst dares again. "Some of his designs are purely graphic. From the mind,for the paper. These are the? kinds I have reference to, whenI say how painful to be the costume. I have had to outrageBakst, because Bakst has outraged me."He invents, say, something he considered decorative?, butimagine trying to dance entangled with all the intricacies ofBakst's mind."Well, we have made our concessions each to the other" he?added.When I asked him if America could appreciate Russian arthe answered:"You are not asked to understand Russia. You are? askedto feel; One does not understand death, one only reacts to it."I said that the whole production had struck most of us asart under the skin. "A matter," I added, "of gastric acoustics,arteries and undressing or over-dressing," also concluding, "butonly of the kind we lament because that savage sharpness, thatpeasant betterness and vitality given us so richly in the litera- ture of the Russian and in the Russian history, is missing."In othe'r words they seem to be economizing on perspiration."I finished."He has fallen into the estate of the man who forgets thatdestruction is more necessary than construction. The rich per- versity of a decaying flower is only transcribable in the stillricher, still more perverse flare of the decaying art. The hap- pier midways of life and death. The conception that feeds onitself,—that is the most beautiful and the most destructive.Bakst has forgotten, it seems to me, and has instead tried tomake? something too new, and in consequence has made it tooraw. Wounds are all very well but only in that they bled.Bakst is a wound in which the arteries refuse the'ir waters."Bolm shook his head "Yes and no, as the peasant says. Iadmit that he is not always simple. That is what I tried topoint out just a few minutes ago. It is his insincefrity thatsometimes gets in his way, nevertheless his art is a fine thingand the world is coming to know that, and then there will beothers."Now let me say something that touches America. Youwant too many doctors. Only people who go around with theassurance given by medietas could expurgate so freely yourbooks and shave down to so fine a point, your arts. When youhavp ceased to have stomach troubles you will not mind th£hard and healthy spleen of the children of d'wFaune." Friedrich Nietzsche Whoever will be free, must make himself free:freedom is no fairy's gift to fall into any man's lap. London Letter Edward Storer London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington,January 10th.JN my letter this week I must give you some Irish news, for Ihave been spending a few days over in Dublin and thevicinity. I paid a visit to the Irish poet, Joseph Campbell, wholives out at Enniskerry, in the Wicklow hills. Going down inthe train from Harcourt Street station, I looked at Synge's,In Wicklow and West Kerry. It was in Wicklow that theauthor of the Playboy picked up so much of that picturesquemixture of folk-lore, racy idiom and incident which make thequality of his comedies. "A great country for tramps," he says,and for tinkers. The abundance of these folk has often beenregretted, yet in one sense it is an interesting sign, for wher- ever the laborer has preserved his vitality and begets an occa- sional temperament of distinction, a certain number of vagrantsare to be looked for."Driving through this gray and rather desolate country-side andcoming across the low snuggling inns or the country 'characters'in the lanes, one could not escape thinking of Synge at workwith his fine mind among this peasantry and tinkerdom. I couldpicture to myself how he did it, and when we passed one oldfellow, whose face suggested a wealth of racy reminiscences byits character and quaintness I said; "Now if we were Syngewe would stand that old fellow a drink and draw him out.""And well amused he would keep us, too," my friend replied.Passing through this Wicklow country revealed Synge to mein a new way. I saw how lonely and miserable the poor fellowmust have been in spite of all the glamor and courage he hasput into his pages.Campbell is well known in America, I fancy, as the author ofIrishry, the Gilly of Christ, The Man Child, etc., and manylyrics in Miss Harriet Monroe's Poetry. He is one of the mostvigorous figures of the younger Irish school, and has added hisname to the list of authors who have written plays for the cele- brated Abbey Theatre'. Campbell feels strongly on the subjectof the modern Irish theatre. He told me he believed that onemight say that the Abbey, considered as an art theatre, was dead.It has worked out its ideal and there was no fresh one arising.The plays that are produced there now are only comedies orsatires. It is true that they are given in rather a better spiritthan at the ordinary commercial theatre, but that is all. Of allthe plays produced there, only those by Yeats and Synge willlast. The point that Campbell particularly made was that whatIreland wanted at present most of all in her theatre was thedrama of beauty. And that of course is very true, not only ofIreland, but of any country. Slightly pessimistic as such inti- mations are, it is plain that as an art-producing country Irelandis at the moment superior to England.A visit to the Abbey—so often heard of yet never seen—con- firmed my views. There were two pieces—The Suburban Groove,by W. F. Casey, a young man I remember meeting in Londonsome years ago, and a new playlet, Fraternity, by Bernard Duffy. One has heard so much of the Abbey Theatre—it is a littleBayreuth oi modern English theatrical art—that to visit it fofthe first time is quite exciting. It was once! a court-house ofsome kind, my friend tells me, and the interior of the buildingpreserves still a little of the judicial sternness. It is very severe?;the proscenium admirable in black and gold lines against a dullwhite. A few bronze escutcheons rise in high relief from thewalls. It is all ve'ry simple and unpretentious. The audiencecontains a much greater proportion of young men than onewould find at any time in a London theatre?. Obviously, theatre- going is differently regarded here. The seats are very cheap andwe sit in the cheapest—my companion, a young Irish painter,and myself.The Suburban Grooves proves charming. It is a volatile trifle,a comedy of suburban manners, delicately written and delicatelyacted and admirably true to life. Yet it would not stand a chanceat the commercial theatre. It would be too simple, too natural.The whole! play has nothing remarkable about it except that factthat it is a genuine little play, written for the love of the thing,by a whole man who had not sold himself to the devil. Thenovelty of the evening proved to be very amusing, too. It wasa satire on the? Ancient Order of Hibernians. To judge by thecomments around me it did not seem to please the audience vervmuch.To turn to English hews, Thomas Beecham has been made aknight and Henry James has been givCn the Order of Merit.Decorations are always showered in England at the New Yearupon a number of people who have spent the previous twelvemonths, or longer, deserving them. Sir Thomas Beecham hasdone a good deal for music in England if not for English music.Indeed, his work has been chiefly in connection with Russianopera and ballet. The name Beecham is closely connected withthose delightful evenings we used to spend in the great galleryof Covent Garden or Drury Lane a couple of years ago. Thatwas the full flowering of an art-form which a year or so earlierin the less gross atmosphere of Paris had blossomed most per- fectly. Behind all fantasy and luxuriance! were the hardlives and the little realized ideals of the Russian composersMousorgsky, Rimsky-Korsakoff and the brethren of the famousBand. They dreamed their dream of a Russian national musicin St. Petersburg about 1860, and about fifty years later theirart expanded to its fullest. By the way, an excellent little bookon modern Russian music appeared here some short time agoby Montagu-Nathan. Lane, I think, is the publisher. Eternal Minutes By Guido Bruno "Well, I gave her up. # I gave it all up. I didn't have theheart to induce her to give the surroundings she loved. Iknow she would have been willing to do the conventional thingbut I didn't dare do it. I loved her so much. I sacrificedeverything for her sake. Life is worthless for me. I'll never see her again and I'll never again feel warmth in my heart. I'llnever see her again in my life and I shall long for her until Idie."I might be happy at that . . . if it is happiness: the? con- sciousness of my self-sacrifice."The man with a sad, resigned face looked forlornly out intothe darkness. There was a long silence. His companion didnot move. It seemed an eternity, but it surely lasted an hour.Neither did his companion take his eyes away from the face ofthe man who was speaking. He seemed to try to read his mindand look deep into his he'art. He was studying the features ofhis face and making comparisons.And suddenly all the relaxation disappeared. He seemed ac- tive, dynamic. He lay back in the garden chair. He stretchedhis legs and arms, conscious of his strength. The're was a vig- orous exhalation from his powerful lungs that blew out thelight.. . . "Fool! . . . I would have taken her. I would havemade only one appointment with her and that would havelasted for life. I would have made her forget het surround- ings and her furniture. I would have made her sit with mein my lonely quarters. I would have? passed to her a partof my own dish. I would have brought her happiness in re- turn. I would have sacrificed everything but her, and consciousof that I would have been happy."A glaring white lightning parted the dark skies. Thunderresounded from all corners of the earth. Heavy drops of anunexpected rain beat against the roof. The two men hurriedback to the big lighted house.(Concluded) A Little Tale by Feodor Sologub Captive Death Translated by John Cournos A LONG time ago there lived a brave and invincible KnightOne he happened to capture? Death herself.He brought her to his strong castle, and put her in a cell.Death sat there—and people ceased to die.The Knight was overjoyed, an 6 thought:"Now it is we'll, but it is rather a worry to keep a watch onher. Perhaps it would be better to destroy her altogether."But the Knight was a very just man—he could not kill herwithout judgment.He went to the cell, and, passing before the? small window,he said:"Death, I want to cut your head off—you've done a lot ofharm upon the earth."But Death was silent.The Knight continued:"I'll give you a chance—defend yourself if you can. Whathave you to say for yourself?" And Death answered:'I'll say nothing just yet; let Life putin a word for me."And the Knight suddenly saw Life standing beside him; shewas a robust and red-cheeked but expressionless woman.And she began to say such brazen and ungodly things thattne brave, invincible Knight trembled, and made haste to openthe cell. *Death went out—and men began to die once more. TheKnight himself died when his time came—and he told no oneupon the earth what that expressionless, brazen woman, Life,had said to h.m.From"The Egoist," London. Balkan Stories After the German of Roda Roda, by Guido Bruno. The End "|N Our Village" a Turkish officer said to me, "we have nograveyard.""But where do you bury ... ?"Interrupting my question he said:Our people are always shot or hung somewhere else." Bakshish QN the morning of my departure? from Constantinople I gavethe letter carrier who had brought my letters during my so- journ here, half a medshid as a tip.In the aftefrnoon a man came up to me and said: "My lord,i am a stranger to you. You never received a telegram. Butmay it please you to know that I am the telegraph messenger.May it please you to know that it was up to me to deliver tele- grams to you, if such had been receive'd for you in our office. Isu.„ y would have brought them to you most quickly. I know youwill be just and you will not harm a man who has always beenre*n j serve y°u» cannot be blamed that I have never beencalled upon to be of service to you. I too deserve half amedshid. Montenegro JT is widely known what an interesting way King Nicholasonce knew to get hold of half a million in ready cash. Hesent a trusted man to Triest addressing to him continuouslypostal money ordefrs from Cetinje. The trusted man receivedpayment for his money orders in the Austrian post office andreturned home with the cash to the Black Mountains. KingNicholas never reimbursed the Austrian postal government,lhis episode caused a good deal of talk about the? postal condi- tions in Montenegro.Before I left for Cetinje my friends asked me not to forgetto bring back Montenegran postage stamps of all denominationsI could get hold of. At the post office of Cetinje the clerkgave me stamps in the denominations of one, two, three fiveten and twenty heller. "But should you also wish stamps fornfty heller apiece, he said, "you will have to go up to thepalace and see the king. The fifty-heller stamps are being keptm His Majesty's private cash box." God Save the King! Tom Sleeper in agonies of HellThe volunteer from Dublin fell.The lead tore hotly at his gaping lungA withering thirst choked thick his blackening tongue.And yet, when later in the dayThey found the muddy hole in which he lay,He smiled up at the surgeon at his side."Hero or fool?" he questioned, then he died. Lions' Roars By D. Molby ER one is out in a kind of desert country, at night,where there are some lions and one of them is roaring,one is likely to get quite a fright. If the lion roars as loudas he can, one can hear him a long ways. How far, dependson what kind of a night it is and on whether he is back in somehills or is on the fronj of one. If it is a clear night and thereis a moon and the lion is standing on a rock that looks outover a valley, the sounds will go several miles before they stop.The reason he can roar loud is that his neck is big and hisvocal cords are strong and his chest powerful. When he roarsand the efchoes come back, he knows that he has every otheranimal for miles around scared :.o bad that he can't move. Heis king of beasts and he wants them to know it. And thevibrations in his chest and the firmness in his legs bring himthe conciousness of his power.Whefn he roars this way, he makes the Earth tremble underhis feet, or if he is on a rock, it jars the rock. The night ishis and the hills are his, and he rules them with his roar. Prithee, To What Purpose? Tom Sleeper THE speckled hen in the back yard scratches, feeds, and laysan egg which is destined to become a speckled hen whichin the back yard scratches, feefds, and lays an egg which isdestined to become a speckled hen which in the back yardscratches, feeds, and lays an egg which is .... an egg. . . become . . . feeds . . . .speckled .... A Dream Karl M. Sherman. IN heaven a white-robed angel laid aside his harp and, goingto the Lord, said, "Father, I would sleep again."Tenderly smiling, the Almighty replied, "It is permitted."On that morning a child was born. Original Drawing by Rudyard Kipling. (Size reduced.)From the Collection of Mr. Patrick F. Madigan War and Books Cora Bennett Stephenson THERE is an intimate relation between war and books. Thismay not be apparent because the effect does not followthe cause immediately. Nor directly. The Welt-geist is prodigalof means when the end is not in sight. It accounts to no one.And it has plenty of time.That there is an intimate relation between wars and booksis evidenced in the nature and amount of literature after theconquests of Julius Csesar. After the? struggle of Russia withPoland. After the Freftch Revolution. And after our own twogreater wars.The conditions governing the output of books in these several instances are so varied as to preclude the possibility that the merevitality of periods of reconstruction could fertilize a barrensoil of letters.It is true that Rome was rich during her Golden Age. AndAmerica by sheer force of her natural resources, was prosperousafter her two wars. But the increased confidence due to restor- ation of order following disturbed conditions, as little explainsthe most brilliant period of Latin literature and the suddenleaps in American cultural activities, as it accounts for thegreat dramas of poverty-stricken Russia or the famous novdsof a bankrupt French republic.Just what happens one can never know.It is as simple and natural, doubtless, as the change of a larvato a pupa. And as the transformation of the pupa to a wingedbutterfly. Metamorphoses are effe'cted in darkness and underconditions that preclude observation.But at least something like this occurs.During war-times the voice of the people is heard. Pe'ttydifferences are forgotten. Men gather in the streets and shoutin unison. They hiss and they cheer. And at e'ach explosionthere can be no doubt as to whether it is a hiss or a cheer.And it follows that in the white heat of some noble excitementa pamphlet is printed. Some? individual writes it but the peoplehave created it. And in passion and in exaltation songs arestruck off.Everybody reads the pamphlets and everybody sings the songs.They are active, timely, popular. That is to say that both theseexpressions of a feeling—pamphlets and songs—came from thepetople and are again absorbed by them.This is creation, fecundation, germination.After peace is declared these songs are forgotten. The pamph- lets once sold at a penny are exchanged for dollars in auctionrooms, as curiosities. Maybe as historical evidence. But thefolk-idea behind the little book and the verses is living in thepeople. It grows and spreads.After a while a restlessness is generally apparent. A fever- ishnessthat means a generally diffused desire for expression ofsomething not yet clearly defined.A hundred poets and writers, too feeble to make the soundthat can be heard and the gesture that can be seen, try to embodyconcretely what everybody feels is in the air. The? ninety andnine fail.Then come the men that will be heard: Marcus Aurdius,Sienkiewicz, Zola. And for us the poets and novelists thatwrote between our wars and after them, whose sentiments canbe traced: pamphlets of Franklin and Payne. And to thoseof the abolitionists.Uncle Totn's&gt; Cabin and the more pretentious poems of thestandard American poets are reflefxes of and reactions from warfeeling. And who can estimate the number of novels relatedto each other by kindred sentiments that were? inspired by re- corded expressions of popular feeling during the civil war? The tragedy of brothers meeting face to face in opposing battlearray: the horror that an agricultural people would feel at theshooting of a spy: the beauty of reconciliation. These werethe themes of the novels and poems.As to just what will b® the general trend of the literaturethat will record the true feeling in these days when our newsstands are overflowing with extra war editions, it would beinteresting to speculate.Doubtless, horror of the incredible spectacle of the foremostnations sacrificing human lives by the thousand in the name ofthe' Almighty, to uphold an abstraction, prejudices all our con- clusions. . .But it's safe to say that no sentiment in the present crisiswill inspire a woman to write a Battle Hymn of the Republic. Books and Magazines of the Week A very interesting pamphlet was sent to us by C. AlphonsoSmith, Edgar Allan Poe, Professor of the University of Vir- ginia. It is called "Ballads Surviving in the United Statesand it appeared in the Musical Quarterly, 1916. Professor Smith,its author, was Roosevelt Professor in Germany&gt; several yearsago and wrote at that time the only authentic history of con- temporary American Literature extant in the German language.He is writing at present a biography of O. Henry which willclear up a good deal of the mystery and the fantastic storiesconnected with the personal life of America's greatest short- story writer."Every student of folk-lore has noticed _ that the la®t yearshave witnessed a remarkable revival of interest in the folk-song.This interest has not been confined to the United States, but is prob- ably more manifest in the United States because it has here assumed,its most definite form. The American people, not having thestore of antique ballads found, for example, in Germany or Scandi- navia or Servia or Spain, have gone zealously to work to collect theballads that drifted across with their forebears from England andScotland and Ireland. The Bureau of Education in Washington issueda bulletin in Tanuary, 1914, containing a list of the three hundred and'five English and Scottish ballads and' urged the teachers of the UnitedStates to form ballad societies in each state for the purpose of findingand thus rescuing these valuable folk-songs before it is too late." The Cheerful Liar New York has a new paper. It guarantees that"it can He better than any other newspaper published. We are Cham- pion Liars. If the public is foolish enough to spend' their moneyfor a bunch of unreliable news, we propose to get into the game also- and get some of the coin. We are honest about it and tell you bythe name of this newspaper what you can expect. There is no- attempt made to obtain your money under false pretenses. Only ouradvertisement columns are genuine. They all guarantee their goodsto be as represented."There is just one exception I would take with its editor-Where is the cheerfulness in their lying? Bookplates of John E. and Samuel Pepys Howard C. Levis' new work dealing with the somewhat hu- morous passages in the diaries and correspondence of the twofamous seventCenth-century virtuosi, John Evelyn and SamuelPepys, which touch on the subject of engraving, will be pub- lished shortly by Messrs. Ellis. There are chapters on Evelyn'sown etchings on the bookplates and bookstamps of the twodiarists, on their portraits and the portraits of their wives andon the frontispieces and illustrations of their works, togetherwith a short bibliography and an index. Der Sturm The editorial staff of this organ of the small futuristic groupof German internationalists suffered another loss, as I see bythe last issue, which just reached our desk. August Stramm,the poet whose works created such a sensation in England justbefore the outbreak of the war, upon their appearance in Eng- lish translation, was the victim of a hostile bullet, in the Bel- gian trenches. The New Review The New Review Publishing Association, which publishes the"New Review," the theoretical magazine of American Socialism,announces its entrance into the Book Publishing field. Itspurpose is to publish books dealing with current events andproblems. In Our Village THEchaotic conditions prevailing in the American art worldof today are but a true replica of what is going on amongthe artists of our village. The times of Babel seem to be helreagain. The great individual efforts towards the one big achieve- ment seem to be perturbefd. Everybody is working as hard ashe can and trying and failing and starting out again with newenergy and doing his best .... but he seems to do it inhis own language, a different language from that of the uni- verse. And everybody else fails to understand him. I am nottalking now about artists who are busy getting out orders formagazines and commercial purposes, and I am not thinking ofimitators who are trying to create sensations with the emptylanguage of others who really meant sincerely what they pre- sented to the world.There are men and women among us trying to do one thingor the other, who are using their paints and brushes for noothefr purpose but self-expression. They are the people whowill have found themselves in the course of the coming ten orfifteen years and who will really have something to give, to ageneration which will have grown with them in the meantime!.Almost as many studios as we have down here,—just as manydifferent ways and means of expression of impressions "to theworld" do we have. And these crefations drift eventually up- town and are exhibited in "leading" galleries on the Avenue. Shall and can experiments be taken seriously? Shouldn't thosein authority, especially the keepers of galleries refrain fromusing their walls for experimental purposes, especially when theartist today might laugh at his creation of yesterday? Mustthe public be the goat here, too, as well as in the other branchesof the free arts, for mere commercial reasons?The individualistic expression of a man is of course, the'most ideal way to attempt the big. But if he uses, in orderto express himself, a language not understood by anybodyelse, and if he is not able to compile at the present time a dic- tionary to be used by those interested and eager to understand,becausc in most of the cases •he doesn't know himself what'he'want?, why not refrain from exhibiting? Why not take the con- sequences of the prerogative of the self-expressionist: "I don'tcare what you think about it.—if you can understand it or not;it is just exactly as I see it and that is sufficient unto me," andkeep his creations unto himself until such a time arrives whereeither he shall have found a medium which is not strange to our'eyes and which we really can see or feel, or our posterity shallhave adjusted their focus, in the course of the progress of theworld, which will enable them to see and to feel.The grotesque seems to be favored at present by magazineswho are willing to pay large prices for something that outdoesthis week the unbelievable of last week.Money is the great lure in the career of our artists.Do away with the money which can be gained by the sort'of production everybody seems to aim at at present, and mostof the members of our hopeful colony of geniuses will returnto the diligent study of drawing.And now be honest to yourself—What is the most wonderfulidea worth and the most glorious and impossible color scheme,if you don't know how to draw and if you think that composi- tion is something that one can do away with?The exhibition of paintings, marine scenes and forest scenes,including portraits of Abraham Lincoln and of Nancy Hanks,-Lincoln's mother, by Captain George Edward Hall, will con- tinue on the walls of Bruno's Garret until the last days itlJanuary.A group of Russian artists will have a joint exhibition oftheir work from February 3rd to February 10th. They compriseimpressions of everyday life, landscapes and portraits.Sadakichi Hartmann is back home in East Aurora. Keepingdates is something unknown to him and engagements are alwaysoptional with him reserving himself the right to cancel when- ever he should see fit to do so. But this time really seriousillness prevented him from reading his "Christ" in Bruno'sGarret as announced.Monday, February 7th, is set aside for a poetry reading ofH. Thompson Rich, whose war poems, "The Red Shame" foundfavcr in the eyes of editors all over the country, evidenced bytheir various reprints in newspapers and magazines. The read- ing will start at 8 :15. Admission by ticket only. Tom Sleeper, well-known to the readers of these pages, is liv- ing at present in the seclusion of the New Jersey mountains andplains and only rarely descends to the regions of our village.He has promised for the near future a few of his "Pastels inProse," which are really gems, set in platinum—even though heclaims that nobody outside of himself knows their real meaning.The Candlestick Tearoom, right around the corner from TheThimble Theatre, has put new shades on all its candles—somevery interesting silhouettes which look very much like life. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre A Performance On Ellis Island THE Thimble Theatre went a traveling last week. The entireensemble of last Saturday night followed an invitation ofchief clerk, Augustus Sherman, of Ellis Island, and repeatedthe performance for the benefit of the immigrants detained atpresent 011 Ellis Island. More than four hundred men, womenand children from all parts of the world listened to the music,this international language of humankind which finds its way toheart and soul and was reflected in the faces of all those whomthe United States did not welcome to her shores. There werewell-dressed men and women of Northern Europe right nextto the mannish, hard-set faces of Russian peasant women. Nextto a countenance upon which was written the simplicity ofmind sat a man whom you would not wish to meet at nightin a dark There were? hosts of children, in all ages. Mr.Sherman explained that some of his charges had been ordereddeported as far back as eighteen months ago, but on accountof the* present European complications most of the orders can- not be carried out. The people seem happy and contented asmuch as they can expect to be, with the uncertainty of theirfate hovering above? their heads.The Sunday afternoon concerts are held in a building whosesize is similar to that of an armory. The acoustics are ratherbad, but the audience was very appreciative and the artists didtheir best to add a few pleasant hours to the lives of these poor,involuntary residents of the Island. Especially the Irish Balladssung by Miss Foster and the folk songs by Miss Edens evokedthe enthusiasm of the listeners. Mr. Keeler's recitation of chil- dren's poems and nursery rhymes, with his phonetic interpre- tation of sounds dear to the ears of the little ones, which evi- dently must Lethe same all over the world, gathered aroundhim girls and boys who wanted each time just a little bit moreand his recitation lasted quite longer than had been intended.The concert on the Diamond Disc, a selection of operatic airsin several languages, old hymns and chorals, concluded theprogram. It was amusing to watch the little ones seated in thefirst rows and nearest to the instrument. They didn't knowwhere the voices and the music came from and it is doubtfulif their parents, whom they questioned wonderingly, wereable to give a proper answer. The Sunday afternoon concert, one of the many humani- tarian innovations Mr. Sherman has put into effect, is loDkedforward to eagerly by the detained immigrants; this is onemore proof that music, good music, finds a quick repsonse inthe heart of evefry human being, even if he doesn't know thetechnical meaning of what he hears and of what appeals tohim. This Week's Performances. A piano recital by Miss Sarah Shapiro, a young artist fromWaterbury, Conn., will be not only interesting as an interpre- tation of some of the best music of Rachmaninoff, of Chopinand of Mendelsohn, but on account of her playing for thefirst time before a public audience compositions of her own.Miss Shapiro is known as a concert artist in her home townbut wishes to enter upon a New York career.Mrs. Lila Collins will sing "Aria-Enfant Prodigue," by De- bussey "Dearest," by Homer, and "Spring Morning," by Wil- son, as a selection of her repertoire very highly appreciated inthe West and the Middle West, where she is well-known as aconcert singer. Recently she came East and her appearancethis week in the Thimble Theatre will be her first attempt toconquer the New York public.Richard T. D. Stott, a concert singer for some time is pre- paring for a career in light musical comedy (operetta), wherehe will have a chance to do both singing and dancing. Amongthe numbers in his repertoire for this week are, "O du, MeinHoldefr Abendstern." by Wagner, "Mother Machree," by C. 01-cott and Ernest R. Ball, and "A Song of Sleep," by Lord Henry• Somerset. The Story of Oscar Wilde's Life andExperience in Reading Gaol* By His Warder. "The only task Wilde was put to was to act as 'schoolmaster'sorderly,' which was in the nature of a great privilege, for itmeant that he could take? charge of the books and go roundwith them to other prisoners, besides hav:ng the pick of theliterature for himself. Strange as it may seem considering hisliterary bent, he failed to accomplish eveta this task satisfactorily- "Chiefly he remained in his cell occupied with his books, ofwhich in his cell he had a large supply, consisting of poeticworks and foreign authors. On his table was always a manu- script book—full of writing in some foreign language—French or Italian I believe, and Wilde often seemed busily engagedwriting in this. , ,"I think this must have been De Profundis—the work otself-analysis that has just been published.''His hair was always kept closely cut until about five monthsbefore his discharge, and I remember when he was told that itneed not be prison-cropped any more owing to his impendingrelease, how pleased he seemed. And he was a man who soseldom lifted his bowed head of shame to smile."Wilde was superstitious to a degree?, and I recall one strikingincident that proved his superstitious fears to be well grounded"I was sweeping the walls of his cell, for he seldom followedthe prison regulations with regard to scrupulously cleansing hiscell daily, and I disturbed a spider which darted across the floor."As it made off I raised my foot and killed it, when I sawWilde looking at me with eyes of horror." 'It brings bad luck to kill a spider,' he said. I shall hearworse news than any I have yet heard.'"At the time I paid little attention _ to it, but the followingmorning he received the news that his mother, whom he haddeeply loved and honoured, had died, and that his shame hadhastened her end." , . ."The saddest story I know of Wilde was one day when hissolicitor called to see him to get his signature, I think, to somepapers in the divorce proceedings then being instituted by huwife—a suit which, of course, Wilde did not defend. */ am indebted for this story to Mr. Patrick F. Madigan,who has the original, in the handwriting of Oscar Wilde'swarder, and also the two manuscripts mentioned in this story. At the Sign of the Red LampFifty-three West Third Street, New YorkYou will find this old and picturesque Chop House*TWO DOORS EAST OF WEST BROADWAYWe make a specialty of Sea Food, Steak and ChopsSAMUEL S. BROAD, Proprietor Telephone: Spring 5963Open Evenings until Ninerare books first editionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now ?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. ■THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSESAT k QTAp Broadwayfand 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve'g at 8:20THE I\0 1 V/I\ Matinees,|Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's H IT-THE-TRAILgreat HOLLIDAYAMERICAN Ft WL.L.1U AIPLAY With FRED NIBLO as " BILLY HOLLIDAY "AT Z11 A AIT\I I7D *2d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE vAlli/Ll!«l\ Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American CastAT I AMp A PDC 48th Street West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE LUIiUAvIVLi Eve'g, 8:30. Matinees,Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEINIn TRluMFHdV The Great LoverLIBRAIRIE FRANCAISEDEUTSCHE BUECHERLibrairie Francaise111 Fourth AvenueAlways on hand a large, fine selection of bestFrench, English, German and Spanish romances.Best English literature and foreign classics a spec-ialty. All kinds of literature bought and exchanged.Art magazines wanted.WRITE US WHAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN.CIRCULATING LIBRARY ENGLISH BOOKS Ilonka KaiaszCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue,Greenwich Village,N.Y.C,Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m.Thursday, 8:15 p. m.SFriday, 8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.