NIGHT LIFE TALES 23 she had ordered the driver to go to the Vendome. Once the cab moved away from the Maison de Legion d'Honeur Marie breathed a deep sigh of relief. "Ah, sucre, I am glad zat is over. I was so nervous, Hugo." Before Eddit's gaping eyes, she shrugged off her wrap, lowered the"\ straps of her costume. Eddie got-1 goggle-eyed when he saw what was nestling in her bosom. Marie held it up. It was a stunning pearl necklace, shimmering with all the pure fire of its dozens of big pearls. "Not bad, Hugo eh?" she ques- tioned. "Is it not worth at least one million francs?" Eddie's mind whirled. He hadn't the faintest idea what this was all about, but he had a premonition he was getting himself into plenty of hot water. "Francois will meet us at zee train," Marie said. "We must get rid of zese costumes immediately. It will not be long before zee gendarmes will be looking for us." Jewel thieves! It hit Eddie smack in the nose! Jewel thieves! They weren't members of royalty at all! They were crooks, posing as mem- bers of royalty. Right now some weal- thy dowager was missing that neck- lace at the Bal! Eddie had half a mind to stop the cab and get out. Another look at Marie's voluptuous beauty changed his mind. And anyway, the cab was drawing up before the Vendome. Still masked, they both walked through the lobby, took the elevator to the phony Crown Prince's suite. "We must hurry, cheri," Marie said, once they were behind locked doors. Eddie caught her in his arms. If he was taking the chance of being nabbed as a jewel thief he had to get something out of it. He bent her back, kissing her full on the lips. Timeless minutes later, Eddie re- moved his mask. The girl's face drained of color. She sat and stared like one transfixed. "I'm a detective," Eddie lied. "It's too bad you had to get mixed up with that gang of yeggs." Open-mouthed, Marie gaped. She could not utter a sound. Eddie crossed to a phone. He called police head- quarters, reported the recovery of the pearl necklace, told them where they could find the fake Crown Prince and his henchman. That done, he turned to Marie. "As for you--" She threw herself at him, pleading. "Please, Monsieur! Do not have me arrested! Hugo forced me to do it!" Eddie held her close. "Shut up," he said quietly. "There's only one way I can save you." "How, Monsieur?" 'By marrying you. Then we can tell the police that we worked together to capture those thieves. Other- wise--" Marie said nothing, but her actions shouted her answer!