Others , made OTHERS PUBLISHED MONTHLY MARCH 1919 The Old Expressions Are With Us Always And There Are Always Others 20 Cents a Copy TWO DOLLARS A YEAR # Others for March 1919 A Play by ORRICK JOHNS Poems by VACHEL LINDSAY, MARSDEN HART- MARIANNE MOORE, HELEN HOYT, LOLA RIDGE, WILLIAM SAPHIER, ALFRED KREYMBORG Prose by EMANUEL CARNEVALI VOL. V. Copyright 1919 by Alfred Kreymborg No. 4 Editor, Alfred Kreymborg Associate Editors Lola Ridge, William Saphier, Orrick Johns Dorothy Kreymborg Headquarters: NewYork, The Washington Sq. Bookshop, 17 W. 8th St. Chicago, The Radical Book Shop, 867 No. Clark Street Cleveland Richard Laukhuff, 40 Taylor Arcade St. Louis 5696 Kingsbury Place ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 1 ECLIPSE A One Act Play Five men are seated on lumps of clay under the rim of the enemy side of a deserted shell crater. From time to time the cloudy night shy is lighted by a dim, brief glow. Death comes without other indication. The men have been there for an eternity. Their mud-caked clothing and ruined equipment and soiled flesh have assumed a color like that of the bank which protects them. Occasionally, however, the light is sufficient for this or that characteristic face to be seen. The Poet My gluttony is affected by the taste of skin-baked tobacco qualified by exudation. . . To smoke is to practice auto-cannibalism. (He lights a cigarette) The Beggar (To The Personage) Did you rent your estate to a large widower with seven children? The Personage How can I remember? It is a heap of ruin inhabited by lizards of peace. . . The Boy There is no more ammunition. ## Page 2 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Poet Four kilometres from my normal mind I struck the fancy of a flute-playing Viennese. The Personage I recall. . . He muttered some syllables affecting the technique of his dispatchings The Beggar His disciplinary values are bayonetted. The Poet His philosophy henceforth will stink or bring forth orchids, as the case may be. The Beggar Have you a doubt of my actual desire to consume flesh? The Boy There is no food. The Poet Hunger is the child of idleness which begets men also. . . I was born with an inheritance of hunger and of thirst. The Personage You can go on talking. . . They haven't found the range yet. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 3 The Silent One (He tits always with his head in his two hands, looking far off at the ground between his feet) I was a professional optimist. . . My face wore thin with grimaces. . . It took me a long time to become sober. The Poet We are like paper flames under glass or something in a museum. The Personage The music I heard all night was the laughter of those who have nothing to do. The Beggar Have you touched silk in your sleep? The Boy She had skin the color of blood and khaki or this foreign mud the second day after rain. . . She showed her two teeth. . . It's damned funny she should be the last woman for me to see on earth. The Beggar I have asked God for two yards of this soil. ## Page 4 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS It is the first begging I have done here. . . Did you know I used to live in luxury? I only went out to beg on fine days. The Poet There was a verse and a melody. . . Both are bloody now. It is strange how the arts harbor relentlessness. The Boy He said that we might stop if we wanted to. . . Suppose we had. . . The Poet There were four crosses on that first hill. The Beggar A fellow lay with a hand and foot at each. He looked so good Bill stuck him there with his own mucilage. The Poet I presuppose nothing about the end of my flesh, having known nothing of its beginning. . . It fascinates me like a young puppy. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 5 The Beggar I used to stand under a bridge, begging. . . Men of ray class avoided rain. . . I could hear the feet of the people over my head. . . That sort of thing, I said once, was over for me, hut. . .it has just begun. The Boy You won't hear anything. . . My father was a philosopher in his way. The Beggar Her fat eyes were cross-hatched about the lids. . . Lord, how she knew me! The Personage They do not babble in the books. The Beggar And yet they have babbled for nine thousand years. The Poet I feel the essences of great tales unfolded. . . My interest was ever in passing things. ## Page 6 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Personage It's a curious pity the way some of them went that first week. The Poet Pity is a melody only the stars have written. . . Will anyone know that I lie embalmed in frozen thought? The Personage The willing of grotesqueries is the business of commanders. . . I was demoted twice. The Beggar One learns to descend even three times three. I was only a European beggar— now I am a soldier without glory. The Personage We are, you see, each of us, something that is left from many. . . I, for instance am thirty-seven ghosts. The Poet My means of expression are diminished in the manner of a capon, or a dumb parrot. . . ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 7 May my buttocks be seasoned well for these hospitable birds. . . One that flew low yesterday, a very insistent public indeed, has promised himself the perusal of me, in a leisure moment. The Personage A chap once, long ago, had a coat here he brought along. . . It smelled like dog's hair. . . It kept me awake with happiness. . . (He totters) Ah.... I fancy I have it now. . . (He slumps down quietly and rolls out flat. The others shrink against the wall and stare at him in silence—) The Poet They say he knew so many men in both worlds, one half of his memory was already immortal. The Boy He was like a damned lieutenant looking at you. . . I'm full of holes from him. The Poet In the theatre of the dead each arrives having spoken his prologue to a hostile audience. ## Page 8 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Beggar (Breaks off from humming a tune, a common tune once sung to rum-shop words) I sing because my belly quivers with the vibration. . . Hunger departs, being outdone by passion. The Poet (Musing) I kept my soul spotless under Caesar, I was not made a slave by courts. . . And now I have no more gestures than old Bill's severed hand. The Beggar It was like a woman's broken fan. . . The Boy There were only two of us, my father and me. I've forgotten what we talked about. . . But I remember many things. . . these we didn't talk about. The Beggar I was once in that state of damnation, called employment. . . Back and forth we went, with those shovels of sand. . . Four steps forward you fill. . . four steps backward, you— (He stops gutterally in the middle of his speech and drops back, almost comfortably, on the cushion of clods) ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 9 The Boy Ah hell. . . that was rotten of It. The Poet (He stands over the body, shaken, for a moment, then looks up) The proposals of indignant politicians made him, the blithest of men, and my comrade, a tragic philosopher. He has existed to satisfy the maw of history. . . I too am a comedian. The Boy I never belonged here. . . I have too many fathers. My own father and I were occupied together at many things. . . now, I should be older than he. The Poet The public, my sole heir, cannot know the testamentary disposition I have made of its pleasures. . . If they would count yesterday's dead, it would be seen that I spiked my poems neatly. . . The Boy They haven't sent any orders since we took this hole. ## Page 10 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Poet Soldiers without orders are like girls without rivalry. . . All my songs are sung. . . (He crosses stage and looks over the top of the hole) The Boy Careful. . . I should rather your nonsense outlived me. The Poet Hush. . . I am thinking of the odor of wet lawns in summer. . . Do you believe they will ever count the dead? (He tumbles across the ledge) The Silent One (He rises and goes to the body) His songs are counted. The Boy (He seats himself, his last strength departed from voice and body) Are we all gone now? The Silent One Yes, we're all gone. The Boy It's a clean wipe? The Silent One Clean. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 11 The Boy (In a faint voice) Could you. . . kiss me here? My father did that even until. . . well. . . it seems a long time ago. (He stretches along the ground at the base of the wall. The Silent One stumbles toward him and leans over the face. He returns to the parapet and begins to climb. As he reaches the top, and spreads forth his hands, there is a bright glare, then the stage is blotted out completely by darkness) Curtain. ## Page 12 VACHEL LINDSAY OTHERS THE SEA SERPENT CHANTEY Dedicated to Isadora Bennett I. There's a snake on the western wave And his crest is red. He is long as a city street, And he eats the dead. There's a hole in the bottom of the sea Where the snake goes down. And he waits in the bottom of the sea For the men that drown. Chorus: This is the voice of the sand (The sailors understand) "There is far more sea than sand, There is far more sea than land." Yo. .ho, yo. .ho. . II. He waits by the door of his cave While the ages moan. He cracks the ribs of the ships With his teeth of stone. In his gizzard deep and long Much treasure lies. Oh the pearls and the Spanish gold. . . And the idols' eves. . . . . . Oh the totem poles. . . the skulls. . . The altars cold. . . The wedding rings. . .the dice. . . The buoy bells old. Chorus: ## OTHERS VACHEL LINDSAY Page 13 III. Dive, mermaids, with sharp swords And cut him through, And bring us the idols' eyes And the red gold, too. Lower the grappling hooks Good pirate men, And drag him up by the tongue From his deep wet den. We will sail to the end of the world, We will main mast of the moon In the evening tide. We will nail his hide To the main mast of the moon Chorus: IV. Or will you let him live, The deep-sea thing, With the wrecks of all the world In a black wide ring By the hole in the bottom of the sea Where the snake goes down, Where he waits in the bottom of the sea For the men that drown? Chorus: ## Page 14 MARSDEN HARTLEY OTHERS SWALLOWS The Blueblack swallows with their saffron breasts Punctuate the rooftree—and they make pretty commas On the wires, And place superb accents above the blowing corn— How would it be to skim like them, The surface of all things, To graze the cheek of every beauty, And press one's lips to the sky, with a sudden frenzy— To dot the pale vowels on the pages of the sun With swift points of beetle-blue; They turn their breasts up to the sky Swinging arrow-like, upon a skipping wind, These countless commas with painted wings. ## OTHERS MARIANNE MOORE Page 15 RADICAL Tapering to a point, conserving everything, this carrot is predestined to be thick. The world is but a circumstance, a miserable corn-patch for its feet. With ambition, imagination, outgrowth, nutriment, with everything crammed belligerently inside itself, its fibres breed monopoly— a tail-like, wedge shaped engine with the secret of expansion, fused with intensive heat to the color of the setting sun and stiff. For the man in the straw hat, standing still and turning to look back at it— as much as to say my happiest moment has to say my happiest moment has been funereal in comparison with this, the conditions of life predetermined slavery to be easy—defined by contradiction—and freedom hard. For it? Dismiss agrarian lore; it tells him this: that which it is impossible to force, it is impossible to hinder. ## Page 16 HELEN HOYT OTHERS VEGETABLE STORE Slender cold green cucumbers, Tomatoes living red— Onions are pearly comets with trails of green. The wax of beans and yellow of celery fronds, The bulging pea-pods Are pleasant to look at, And the full-curved egg-plant, purple In corpulent royalty. The cauliflower is a bride, goes daintily Beside the cabbages and flounced lettuce balls, The stiff, prickly foreignness of pineapples. Asparagus like stacked-up spears and lances, Parsnips in rustic brown, Lean pink of carrots, watercress and mint, And the crooked gnarled horse-raddish roots. . . Gold-warted squashes, spinach and ragged endive, And here lie peppers made of green jade. ## OTHERS LOLA RIDGE Page 17 THE JAGUAR Nasal intonations of light And clicking tongues And publicity of windows Stoning me with pent-up cries And smells of abattoirs And smells of long-dead meat. . . Some day-end While the sun is yet cosy as a blanket Off the warm body of a squaw, And the jaguars are out to kill— With a blue-black night coming on And a painted cloud Stalking the first star— I shall go alone into the mesa. . . Into the silence... The coiled silence. . . Where a cry can run only a little way And waver and dwindle and be lost. . . And there— where tiny antlers clinch and strain As life grapples in a million avid points, And moccasins and threshing things Strike and die, Letting their hate live on in the spreading purple of a wound— I too will make covert of a crevice in the night And turn and watch. . .nose at the cleft's edge. ## Page 18 WILLIAM SAPHIER OTHERS CONSCIENCE This evening more than ever, my ancient, despised Hebrew priest, warped by the hot Arabian sun, inflicted his heart-scorching sermon; burnishing with impatient feet a whisper of duty in my heart, commanding, beseeching, that I offer on his altar. And a strong white-hot wind blew my brothers' woes into my veins. ## OTHERS ALFRED KREYMBORG Page 19 ARABS Melancholy lieth dolorously ill, one heel full fatally smitten: Melancholy twitcheth and sigheth: 'Must such as I, because of an itch, move from the cheery sloth of a couch, from watching my valorous nomad musings coming and passing like pilgrims en route from mooning philosophy on to the sun— must such as I, almost ready to follow them, legs follow musings like sheep follow bells— must such as I, because of a scratch imprinted by small, ignominious teeth of a small, black, common, effeminate witch, surely not one of my bidding—move? What way is this, God, to make a man move?' And his bed-fellow, Happiness, petrified, groaneth: 'What way is this, God, to make a man stone?' ## Page 20 EMANUEL CARNEVALI OTHERS ARTHUR RIMBAUD His life is an adventure of the gods; anybody who has not dropped his useless bundle and gone on a great adventure will not understand him. I have gone on a great adventure, and I may sometime personify a god I have seen for a moment. I would, as much as I could, personify him. If you do not believe in Youth do not utter vague blasphemies. Rimbaud is the Advent of Youth. Almost everything else in the world is unbelief in Youth: diplomats, statesmen, chiefs of all works, generals, they're all old, because they say queerly, old age is ripeness—as if an apple is ripe when it has wrinkles on its face! Almost everything else in the world, beside the poets, who have all believed in Youth, is a consecration of the error that life is from Youth up: it is from Youth down. This paper will not be criticism. Critics are dead leaves lying still while the hurricane sweeps by high above. To utter something while enraptured in the hurricane, that is the only way to compensate to me my not being the hurricane; and the only way to criticise a poet. Rimbaud said gloriously that the attainment of poetry is the attainment of life. To know my self and to possess it—the perfect image is the perfect sensation, and the perfect life. To have my self in the days of youth, with every inch of my body tense, looking and listening and interpreting, the dualism of body and soul and the dualism of life and immortality being then risible questions which are the appropriate doubt of people who have lost it (both things both times, forever: old people). To mould my self, then, through a "long, immense and reasoned upheaval of all the senses." Certainties of the age of seventeen and eighteen, certainties born of a perfect harmony of Youth's life and being, certainties of God. ## OTHERS EMANUEL CARNEVALI Page 21 The old words woke from their death-sleep and sang again with the power that was theirs before cowards drugged them: "I want liberty in salvation," "I want to possess truth in a body and a soul." And for liberty, expression, poetry—the world found, the beautiful Genesis known. Who but God himself might have done this— "The fraternal awakening of all the choral and orchestral energies and their instantaneous application—the only occasion to disengage our senses." This is the consecration of the trinity, ethic-aesthetic-logic, which is godhead. To achieve liberty, to write perfect poetry, to sense perfectly, to love perfectly, to live—these are vague phrases, meaning to the great but one thing. And that thing, to me, to a man who has no sign from God otherwise than from books, is godhead itself. The querulous, fearful, fretful and rash god of Moses is not a more beautiful vision than the god of La Saison en Enfer and Les Illuminations. Rimbaud's judgments are saner. He sought to achieve, sometimes achieved beauty that would enable him to smite the world with absolute judgments. And some of his poems are absolute. If the eyes that see are clear, damned be the ugly and only the ugly. If the heart that beats knows its throbs, cursed be the dead and only the dead. Les Assis, the sitting men, is an apocalyptic vision: the irrevocable, ultimate, terrible judgment of beauty, judgment ethical, practical and utilitarian also—absolute. Use any of your standards and tests and tell me what is the end of any ugliness. But here come the reporters, the doctors, the caretakers, the undertakers, the beauty makers (barbers), the pimps of the concubinage between God and the dwarfs of rotten flesh, the purveyors of death, "the hearts of filth, the mouths of stench." Each one carries a pall and each one came to cover Rimbaud's infinite body with his or her own rag and no other rag. On the palls, these inscriptions: ## Page 22 EMANUEL CARNEVALI OTHERS HATER OF THE BOURGEOISIE FREE VERSE INVENTOR WHO DEVISED SYMBOLISM WHO MENDED TECHNIQUE ANARCHIST, INSANE, DEGENERATE WE DON'T GIVE A DAMN MESSIAH OF SEVENTEEN, pooh-pooh! COLORIT OF LES VOYELLES And there are as many of these as there are squinting or bloodshot or swollen eyes in the world. Let me say it, there are as many of these as there are cowards in the world. Indeed, I advise you, let an easy term of compromise make you forget him: he is the Youth you couldn't remember. Not even as worshippers could you do this. It is in a vase more beautiful than your soul that the fragrance of his may be held in the ineffable band of a flower: the flower being the only reason for the vase. Which of you would give up the life everyone of you hates, which of you would die in order to understand him—or any god, any way? Because you must die; not dwindle into a state of neutrality, as the aesthetic critics say, but die with long sorrow, through the genetic emotions. . . .Oh Jesus Christ, most beautiful, you have forever spoken the words of the miracle of interpretation. "Ah, ah, "you laugh," this fellow is one more of the-religion-of-art." You laugh, and it would appear that you have placed me, for indeed I feel ridiculous—because of this pen and this ink and the need of writing readable English—which is harder for me than to shout with my friend, Louis Grudin, a living phrase into the upset amphitheatre of the stars. And because all your cowardly sophistication is in me and your laugh is a wound talking to a wound inside of me, all these things shame me. If I were sure no one were listening I would indeed cry out, I am a worshipper, who has died many times, for Dostoievsky, for Nietszche, for Christ, for Rimbaud. In '71 he was a rebel of La Commune. He had written a project for a constitution. I know from Carlyle that revolution is sometimes the people producing poetry ## OTHERS EMANUEL CARNEVALI Page 23 en masse. Clear as the fire of even the things most rotten is revolution in the pure vision of the seer, the inspired man who wants revolution for the beauty of his eyes, for the beauty of his limbs, for the beauty of his heart—who wants and has long wanted the world to be his own body, cast infinitely, speaking. Arthur Rimbaud was religious as all great men are. For himself, for the beautiful god he built out of his soul, he sought apostles. He found Verlaine, a splendidly sensitive soul, who could not understand him... Men do not wait for a saviour. Each man seeks drunkenness and forgetfulness and a hiding place. And the disease inherited from the centuries is perhaps one at last with a man's soul. As for me, I know Youth in love, I know Youth encountering the first men, I know Youth believing in the vision that arises, like The First Dawn, over the encounters. I know the first, valid, absolute axioms of godhead: "I love you, you beautiful, I will bring all the world to your feet." "I shall become beautiful for you." And the realization of a possible godhead, "I am not worthy of you." For this I believe in Arthur Rimbaud, and even in all the distorted and queer and desperate signs of godhead that Youths give the world as they pass. As they pass.... He too, went away, having found no worshipper. Having heard no echo to his song, he doubted it. And if a god be no more than a conceivable being, then the way he abandons literature, the way he kisses the dream of godhead good-bye makes me think that it is still divine to know why one is not a god. The simple gesture, humble like a peasant of Tolstoy: "I have been idle like a toad, doing nothing, I managed to live everywhere. I will beg pardon for having fed on lies, allons." The sense of loss proved only in abysses and woods by him who knows the language of abysses and woods; the gesture under a tremendously still sky: "Oh, I'm so forsaken that I offer to any divine image my efforts at perfection." "Oh witches, oh misery, oh hatred, it is you that I trusted with my treasure!" Or the doubt, infinité as the mystery of creation, the doubt of the god-contemplator, the certainty of a great Buddah sitting in ## Page 24 EMANUEL CARNEVALI OTHERS a sunset with all the earth like a cataract of opals and emeralds and rubies; the doubt that is like the certainty that would exist in beautiful trees and rivers if they were conscious: "The friend not eager, nor weak. The friend. The beloved not tormenting nor tormented. The beloved. The air and the world not sought after. Life. Was it this, then?" Then?—in the beginning. Doubt of all life seeking, like almighty eyes, the beginning. Rimbaud is, in me, a prayer to things more beautiful than I, the perfectly soul-less things, the unconscious, beautiful things. Which are, as they were in the beginning, the witnesses of man's original greatness, the eternal (soul-less, therefore unchangeable) mirrors. The things which are not God and which are the only ones to pray to. They which sustain a poet: Bathe me in the vision of my youth, communicate me forever. Do not let me go back with the rest to fornicate and forget. Let me accept the vision utterly, even to insanity. Do not murder me with the drunkenness of you, do not choke me with the words of the beauty of you when I'm alone. Let me accept, "the atrocious death of the faithful and the lovers." ## What Next? The little word, Others, continues to bob up in unexpected ways. First:—the magazine; then—the anthologies; then— The Other Press; then—The Other Players, and now—The Others Lecture Bureau. That Chicago trouble-maker, William Saphier, is responsible for the idea and its development, and he is ably abetted by Mitchell Dawson, Margerie Curries, Elina P. Taylor and Marion Strobel, of the same city, with headquarters at 4909 Dorchester Avenue. Five poets have already fallen into the maw of the new octopus, each one scheduled to give lecture-readings in Chicago in the following order: Lola Ridge, February 25th; Conrad Aiken, March 11th; Alfred Kreymborg, March 25th; William Carlos Williams, April 8th, and Orrick Johns, April 26th. After Chicago is through with these gentlefolk ( there being a round of engagements for each poet), they are to be shipped to Milwaukee, St. Louis and other Middle-Western cities. Any body or institution desirous of enjoying a novel and singularly exquisite treat in the form of a visit from these five poets had better get in touch with Mitchell Dawson in time for an engagement to be contracted. Orders for Orrick Johns' new book of poems, BLACK BRANCHES, containing his Three Plays in Chiaroscuro, The Songs of Deliverence, Tunings, Keysen and Hedone, are coming into The Other Press domicile with happy regularity. Get in line at your bookshop or send an order to The Other Press, 17 West 8th Street—not forgetting to enclose one dollar! ## ##