The Crisis THE CRISIS NEW ORLEANS NUMBER February 1916 10c acopy $1.00 aYEAR 2Jfl PUBLISHER'S CHAT The An Explanation greater part of the January issue of the CRISIS was late . because the establishment in which the CRISIS is printed was destroyed by fire while that issue was on the presses. It was necessary therefore to have the whole issue re-set from cover to cover. At that time of the month practically every printing establishment in the city capable of turning out so large a job as an issue of the CRISIS was busy with its own publications. So that, while we soon found a reliable plant to undertake the work, we were necessarily delayed in the completion of the same. "We did our best under the circumstances and the entire issue was mailed by the sixth day of the New Year. entering the mails Thanks for your patience. Now, on to the 50,000 circulation! A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T . Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B . G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HISFOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E . B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE-DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for February, 1916 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph From Life. By A. P. Bedou. LEADING CITIZENS OF NEW ORLEANS 170 SOCIETY OF THE HOLY NAME 182 BARN DANCE OF THE YOUNG MEN'S TWENTY CLUB 183 NEW COLORED PUBLIC LIBRARY, NEW ORLEANS 188 NEW ORLEANS UNIVERSITY 189 COLORED BUSINESS ENTERPRISES 190 GRAND ARMY LEADERS 191 ANTI-SEGREGATION HEADQUARTERS, ST. LOUIS, MO 195 ARTICLES COLORED NEW ORLEANS ' By V. P. Thomas 188 THE COLORED CREOLES OF LOUISIANA By Jose' Clarana 192 THE "JIM-CROW" CAR. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation. Part III. By T. Montgomery Gregory 195 THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY 198 BROTHERS. A Poem By James Weldon Johnson 199 BROUGHT TO LIGHT By J. T. Crossland 200 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 MEN OF THE MONTH 169 OPINIONS 172 EDITORIAL 184 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 194 THE LETTER BOX 201 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: When a subscription blank is attached to this pace a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired, i n ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. . MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people arc desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS16c. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1915 F«r information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE AGRICULTURAL and TECHNICAL COLLEGE of North Carolina (Formerly the A. &amp; M. College) The 22d annual session began September 1, 1915. Board, lodging and tuition $8.00 per month. Four year courses leading to trade certificates. Four year college courses leading to degrees of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture and Bachelor of Science in Mechanics. For catalog or further information Address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College GREENSBORO, N. C. Mention ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. Learn the S. T. Taylor System of Garment Cutting, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring. Millinery and Designing. Prepare yourself to earn a large salary. Terms reasonable. Write for catalog. S. T. TAYLOR SCHOOL AND PATTERN PARLORS MRS. MAYBEL B. EVANS, Prin., 34 N. Garfield Ave., Columbus, 0. THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 16-' ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor RECITALS CONCERTS ORATORIO OPERA "An unusually good voice. THE natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in THEBoston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. ADDRESS: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets. Cincinnati. Ohio WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Your Spring Suit FREE" Made to Your Measure $30 to $40 -would not buy a better one, bat you cot it for nothing. Not a cent to pay. Simply near it, tell your friends where you got it, and make $10 to$15 a Day taking their orders. It is dead easy. You never saw a nob bier suit or a more stunning pat tern,cut in strictly Tango style 3 months ahead of the times). Your choice of 60 patterns and a dozen different styles to choose from. Drop us a postal card for heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, self-measuring, blanks, etc., etc. Don't wait. Everything free—We pay ex pressage. Get ahead of the other Hand Tailored — fellows—write this Very minute. Classy Linings A postal will do it, Millionaire Trim mings—Swell Cut- AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO. Guaranteed Fit. Dept. 251 CHICAGO E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS Tone-Placing and Voice Development, With Supplement Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Highly recommended a,nd endorsed by well known Choral' and Musical Societies, Directors, Vocal Teachers and Musical Publications, as evidenced by the following extract! selected at random from those who know: Pedro T. Tinsley of Chicago is the first of the vocal teachers to realize the possibilities of Tone* Placing and Vowel Values (Study) as applied to music, and will soon be reaping his reward in the knowledge that he is helping thousands to a thorough musical education where he previously helped but hundreds. THE MUSIC TRADES. I highly endorse your Book Tone-Placing and Voice-Development as being in a class by itself. This is my fourth order and will be able to use quite a number of additional copies very soon. G. W. WILLIAMS, B.M.A.. 1214 Pease Ave., Houston, Texas. "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours. "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical. little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." from "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly this 'Practical Method of Singing* is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill., or Clavton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. HAVE YOU GOOD PICTURES IN YOUR HOME? Now is the time to secure hand painted portraits in oil colors of Dr. B. T. Washington, which we are selling at the very low price of $2.00 each. These paintings, the exact likeness of the "Wizard of Tuskegee." are giving universal satisfaction and are being hung in the highest class homes in the country. We also have reproductions of "A Moment of Rest" and *'Still Life," the two favorite paintings of the Lincoln Exposition. These pictures are the sensation of Chicago and are being purchased by both colored and white people who treasure them as the favorite paintings in their "homes. All of these pictures are artistically mounted on a mat about 10 x 13 inches in size. Prices: Booker T. Washington (hand painted) $2.00 Booker T. Washington (photogravure) 50 A Moment of Rest or Still Life (hand painted) 2.00 Photogravure 50c. each Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. Best terms to agents. W. M. FARROW 6117 S. Racine Ave. Chicago, Ill. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 11—No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1916 Whole No. 64 MUSIC AND ART THE "Black Madonna of Czenstoch •"• owa" is a priceless painting owned by members of the monastery of the Order of St. Paul the Hermit, which is situated on the outskirts of Czenstochowa, Russian Poland. Tradition claims that the picture was painted by the Evangelist Luke and it miraculously turned dark over night. It has become a shrine for over 200.000 yearly pilgrims. Jose Yalle-Riestra, the distinguished Peruvian composer, who is now visiting New York City, is reviving in his compositions the ancient melodies and traditions of the Incas. Of his opera "Ollanta," Musical America says: "Seiior Valle-Riestra has built on the Indian folk songs and the themes suggest in some phases the plaintive strain that permeates Gaelic music. In the Indian themes, however, the tonic Minor Third predominates. In addition to the folk-music of the Incas there is woven through the opera the note of Arabic music—legacy of the Spanish invasion of South America—with something here and there of the savage strain which the Negro melodies have given to American music. Particularly in the dances of "Ollanta" are the chanting Indian motifs emphasized." Another work is a legend of Jamaica, "The Blush of Me-tah-me," a one-act opera. At Kitty Cheatham's holiday recitals at the Lyceum Theatre, New York, December 27th and January 3rd, old Negro songs appeared as usual on her programs. Miss Cheatham has lately consented to a publication of many of her recital songs, most of which have been sung from manuscript. {["Drake's Drum," by S. Coleridge-Taylor, was one of the novelties sung at the concert given by the Pittsburgh Male Chorus, James Martin, conductor, on the 10th of December, at Pittsburgh, Pa. During the second week in December Mrs. Meta Warrick-Fuller gave a talk on modeling before a most interested audience of kindergarten teachers of Greater Boston, at the Boston Normal School. On December 8th, at Washington, D. C, Handel's "Messiah" was given by the Howard University Choral Society, under the direction of Miss Lula Childers. The soloists were Miss Lillian Evans, soprano; Miss Marie C. James, contralto ; Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, and Mr. William Gustafson, a Swedish singer, bass. Three Negro jubilee songs arranged by Carl R. Diton, "Pilgrim's Song," "Little David, Play On Your Harp," and "Ev'ry Time I Feel the Spirit," of which Musical America makes special mention, appeared on the program of the Choral Art Club, of Brooklyn, N. Y., at their concert given at the Academy of Music on December 20th. Of a lecture-recital before the Woman's Whitman Club of five hundred members, at their annual guest afternoon, the Whitman (Mass.) Times says: "The lecture-recital by Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare was on Afro-American music, a subject of which she was most fully informed. Mrs. Hare left no phase of the subject uncovered. The different types of songs were illustrated by selections given by Mr. William H. Richardson. He 164 THE lias a powerful baritone voice and sang with much feeling and excellent shading." ([ Coleridge-Taylor's cantata "Kubla Khan," was sung by the Boise Choral Society, at Boise, Idaho, on December 6th. On the afternoon of December 5th, the Misses Don thy Rosalind and Cynthia Fuller presented a program of old English and Scottish song.-- at the first of a series of concerts at the Music School Settlement for Colored People. New York City. ([Mary Garden, the famous opera singer, will not be heard in America this season owing to recent illness. Miss Garden has been engaged in war activities in Paris and is especially interested in the African Zouaves on the French front, to six of whom she has consented to become godmother. ([Miss Helen Hagan, formerly of Xew Haven, Conn., is engaged in concert work and recently gave much pleasure in a piano recital at Philadelphia, Pa. social uplift IT is reported that the young Emperor of Abyssinia may furnish 200,000 soldiers for the army of the Allies. He has resisted the efforts of the German agents. ([A Sunday Afternoon Forum has been organized by the colored people in New Bern, N. C. ([The Negro lawyers of West Virginia met recently and organized The Mountain State Bar Association. J. M. Ellis, of Oak Hill. President and T. (Files Nutter, of Charleston, Secretary. The Pyramid Art Association for the study of Negro art has been formed in Syracuse. N. Y. Chapters are proposed in other cities. ([Denver, Colo., at the request of the colored people, has barrel "The Birth of a Nation." ([As a result of a gift of $25,000 from Andrew Carnegie and an appropriation of $8,000 by the City Council, a Negro Public Library has been opened in New-Orleans with 5,000 volumes. ([Colored people at Detroit. Mich., have effected an organization which aims to care for the homeless children in that city. ([Miss Bessie Simon has inaugurated, a social settlement center for the colored CRISIS people of Memphis, Tenn., which white and colored citizens commend as a sore ly needed agency in the community. Whittier Center in Philadelphia is do ing a varied work among the colored people of that city. It now operates un der the direction of Mrs. Elizabeth W. Tyler, the head-worker, a tuberculosis clinic which renders service gratis to mild cases. ([Plans are being discussed in Chicago, Ill., to buy a building to be used as a social center and school for the indus trial training of colored children. ([The Provident Rescue Mission for Colored Men in Pittsburgh, Pa., is mak ing a campaign for funds necessary for the enlargement of the work. ([Miss Mary Curtis has written a book about the colored men who have fought in the United States Army from the pe riod of the Revolution to the present. ([Montgomery Bell, who died recently in New Mexico, had accumulated a con siderable fortune by dealing in sheep and cattle mortgages. Prominent white cit izens were among his pall-bearers. The football team of the Arkansas Baptist College holds the State cham pionship and has been undefeated foi eight consecutive seasons. ([Negro voters are beginning to register in South Carolina. ([Major A. C. Rosencranz made Christ mas presents aggregating $34,000 to three colored institutions in Evansville. Ind. ([The late Andrew Freedman. a white, bachelor of New York, has left the bulk of a $7,000,000 estate for the establish ment of what is to be known as the "An drew Freedman Home." which will re ceive aged persons in indigent circum stances without regard to race, sex or creed. Mr. Freedman selected twenty- tour trustees from various races and re ligions. ([The University Commission on South ern Face Questions has held a meeting at Durham, N. C. It consists of repre sentatives of white institutions. ([Mrs. S. R. Givens is speaking among colored clubs of the Southwest in the interest of a movement to encourage history and art among colored people. Mr. William F. Williams is a popular colored employee in the Governor's of ALONG THE COLOR LINE noes at St. Paul, Minn. Mr. Williams' services will be retained by the new Governor Burquist, who, by the way. is President of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. 41 The National League on Urban Conditions Among; Negroes reports an ex rr penditure of $24,953 f°  the y ea  ending September 30th, 1915. &lt;[At a mass meeting in .Atlanta, Ga., colored people raised $8,000 for a Y. M. C. A. building. The Governor of the State was present. The ground has already been purchased. In Miami, Fla., Negro voters helped to carry the Prohibition ordinance. Colored business men in Atlanta, Ga., had an interesting "booster" campaign to encourage trade with colored merchants. The prizes offered varied from a building lot to a bottle of hair tonic. John D. Rockefeller, Jr., has been in conference with the grievance mediator of the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company and the grievance representative of the miners. The latter, Mr. C. A. Mitchell, is a colored man. The colored branch of the St. Louis Y. M. C. A. has just closed a very successsful campaign led by Dr. J. E. Mooreland. The Central Association promised $75,000 toward meeting Mr. Julius Rosenwald's gift of $25,000, provided the colored people raised $50,000. Committees were organized, and the ten-day campaign closed with a result that more than $6.8.000 had been subscribed by the colored people. Mr. David D. Jones is the executive secretary, upon whom fell a large share of the responsibility. In New Orleans there is a new playground just opened for the use of colored children, facing the Thorny Lafon Public School, and a colored annex to the Charity Hospital for colored women. The National Equal Rights League, at its eighth annual convention in Philadelphia, issued an address to the country calling on all members of the race to use their voices, pens, patronage, votes, money, and every other resource "for the abolition of segregation, disfranchisement, and lynching on the color line." More than 125 delegates attended the convention from all parts of the country. Resolutions lauding the efforts of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and other organizations and individuals working for the same cause were passed at the final session. 41 The nineteenth annual meeting of the American Negro Academy has been held .in Washington, D. C. President A. II. Grimke was re-elected. Among the questions discussed were, "The Sex Question and Race Segregation," "The Message of St. Domingo to the Negro Race," "Negro Citizenship Prior to the Civil War" and "The Constitutional Status of the Negro." Many of the papers will be published. EDUCATION ST. CATHERINE'S SCHOOL AND ^ CONVENT, new Catholic institutions for Negroes, at Germantown, Pa., were blessed by Archbishop Prendergast. C Principals and teachers in higher colored schools of the State of Virginia recently held their tenth annual conference at Virginia Union University. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School, at Winston-Salem. N. C., is seeking to raise $12,000 for a new building. The Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, the largest and oldest Greek letter fraternity among colored college men, recently held its eighth annual session with the Omicron Chapter of the University of Pittsburgh, Pa. Spellman Seminary in Atlanta, Ga., has been excluded from its share in the Rockefeller bequest. Th e will of the late Mrs. John D. Rockefeller provided that the residuary estate he divided among eight institutions, among which was Spellman, but power was given the executors to exclude from sharing in the estate any of the institutions. Spellman and three other institutions have been excluded. No reason is given for this action. Lappa Alpha Psi, a college fraternity composed of colored students and graduates of Northern colleges, recently held its annual session in the Chapter I louse of Gamma Chapter, at the State University of low a. J. R. E. Lee, for sixteen years a teacher at Tuskegee Institute, has succeeded G. N. Grisham as principal of the Lincoln High School, Kansas City, Mo. TH E CRISIS HAITIANS WATCHING THE There are sixteen colored public schools in New Orleans, enrolling 8,554 pupils under 164 teachers. Blanche Patterson, a colored girl of the Lawrence, Kansas, High School, wrote the prize story for the school paper. The West Virginia Colored Teachers' Association held its twenty-third annual session at Storer College. It proposes to purchase and preserve the old home of Booker T. Washington at Maiden. Howard University, Washington, D. C , enrolled 1,452 students during 1915, from thirty-six states and six foreign countries, and graduated two hundred and five students. The enrollment for 1914 was 1,463. The Maryland Colored State Teachers' Association, of which Mr. D. S. S. Goodloe is President, held its annual session in Baltimore. Resolutions were adopted setting forth the educational needs of the colored people of the State. ECONOMICS THE Alabama Penny . Prudential Savings Bank, at Birmingham, the largest and soundest colored bank in the United States, is closed. The Montgomery Branch of the Birmingham Bank-has also suspended payment and its affairs are in the hands of the State Banking Department. Slowness of paper and continued depression are given as causes. FIRST AMERICAN INVASION There is no hint of dishonesty and the bank may resume. The late W. R. Pettiford was founder of the bank. The colored Masons of New York City are soon to have a new and up-todate Masonic Temple, at 204-206 West 131st street. Colored men in New Jersey are promoting Douglass Park as a golf links and pleasure resort near Pleasantville. I. H. Nutter and the Rev. H. P. Anderson are leading the movement. In Yazoo, Miss., whites are trying to run off Negro tenants. A letter publicly posted says: "We por people cant get homes If they would work some whites and some blacks we could stand it. We go and ask for homes and are turned away. We have the poor people and the one-horse farmer with us, so you had better move. It will be better for you Not to show this to your Boss—Be shore to warn all that is on the place and all that is fixin to move on the place." Mr. E. C. Brown and Mr. Andrew F. Stevens announce the opening of a colored bank at Broad and Lombard streets, Philadelphia, Pa. Ogden Union Station, Utah, is now employing Negro red caps in place of white men. The Pullman Company has annouced salary increases amounting to $600,000 for 1916. Of this sum $500,000 will go to conductors and porters and the remainder to various agents. ALONG THE COLOR LINE ([Mrs. Ellen Sorrell, widow of the late Hiram Sorrell, for many years a waiter of Baltimore, Md., has made bequests of $10,000 in her will. Alexander Toles, a prosperous colored undertaker and property owner of Columbus, Ga., died recently. Mr. Toles was seventy-eight years old. ([Howard Wilson, son of a Negro farmer, of Sabetha, Kan., grew an average of one hundred two and one-half bushels of corn on five acres in the Kansas Agricultural College corn growing contest last year. His father grew eighty-seven bushels of corn to an acre on one hundred and twenty-six acres. ([Six colored waiters have replaced regular dining car conductors on the Lehigh Valley District Commissary Department. ([The Negro Agricultural Fair recently held at Jackson. Miss., was unusually well attended. The parade took one hour and a half to pass a given point. PERSONAL MR. WILLIAM N. PAGE, manager of the Pittsburgh Courier, is dead He was for a long time private secretary to one of the chief officials of the Carnegie Steel Works. ([The ninth annual meeting of the Surgical Association of the Chicago and Northwestern Railway was held at Rochester, Minn., December 10th and nth. Dr. Daniel H. Williams was the only colored surgeon present. ([Mr. Fleming D. Tucker, cashier of a colored savings bank, has been admitted to the Georgia Bar at Savannah. ([Dr. W. Bruce Evans is sueing the Washington (D. C.) Board of Education for reinstatement as Principal of the Armstrong High School. ([It is alleged in court that the late Mrs. Frank Leslie, Baroness de Bazus, was of Negro descent. ([Arthur K. Bruce has been elected President of the National Alliance of Postal Employees, a colored organization. ([Mrs. Warren Logan, wife of the treasurer of Tuskegee Institute, is dead. She was a woman of energy and influence and the mother of an interesting family. ([Rev. U. C. Carrington, of Livingston College, won the prize offered by the Homilitic Review for the best original sermon outlines. ([December 23rd wa s the one hundredth anniversary of the birth of Harry Highland Garnett, ou r of the greatest of Negro American preachers. He died in February, [882, while United States Minister to Liberia. ([Dr. S. D. Redmond, a colored physician, of Jackson, Miss., invited all the poor of the city to dine with him Christma s Day. ([Professor James M. Gregory died recently in Baltimore, Md., at the age of sixty-six. Mr. Gregory was Professor of Latin at Howard University for twenty-five years and for eighteen years head of the colored institution at Bordentown, N. J. An account of his life appears in THE CRISIS for July, 1915. ([Mr. Ferdinand O. Morton has been appointed to succeed the late Robert N. Wood as Chief of the United Colored Democracy in New York City. Mr. Morton has also been named as Assistant Prosecuting Attorney of the city at a salary of $2,500. CHURCH THE colored New England Baptist convention has mailed its thirty page report on the state of the country to every member of Congress. The Rev. W. B. Reed is the author. ([Mrs. L. B. Fouse was the only colored member of the joint conference of the International Sunday School Association in the Sunday School Conference which met recently in Chicago, 111. Bishop Alexander Walters is the only colored member of the executive committee of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, which met recently in Columbus, Ohio. ([Miss Rosalie M. Jonas and the Rev. G. H. Simms, the colored pastor of the Union Baptist Church in New York City, collected $431 as a Christmas Fund. Five hundred Negro children received toys, clothing and shoes. Christmas dinner baskets were distributed among the members of the congregation. An appeal for harmony has been made to the two factions of the National Baptist Convention of America. A meeting will probably be held in Columbia, S. C. THE CRISIS BUSINESS ENTERPRISES IN NEW ORLEANS THE Economy Mutual Aid Associa tion was formed by free colored men and Creoles before the war. It holds property worth nearly $25,000 and has a membership of one hundred and twenty-five. The People's Beneficial Life Insurance Company employs one hundred and twenty-two girls and men. The Unity Industrial Association has issued over 80,000 policies, and has an annual income of over $75,000. The Pythian Temple is one of the finest colored buildings in the world. It has a theatre, meeting hall, office rooms, banquet hall and lodge rooms. At the top there is a roof garden. The building is fireproof, built of concrete, brick and steel and cost $225,000. There are among the colored people two theatres, fifteen trade unions, one hundred and thirty-six benevolent societies, one hundred and forty-four secret societies, one hundred and nineteen barber and hairdressing shops, forty-nine contractors and builders, twenty-three physicians, one hundred dressmakers, fifty-four retail dealers, two hotels, five lawyers, twelve upholsterers, twelve restaurants and eight undertakers. m COURT HEZEKIAH HAMILTON, a colored man, of Milwaukee, Wis., has won a case against the Ladger Hotel for discrimination. The Rev. William H. Williams recovered a verdict of $100 in the County Court of Huntington, L. I., against a white restaurant proprietor, who refused to serve him and a party of friends in his restaurant. GHETTO ORGANIZED protest is being made " by colored political leaders against the cutting down of the representation of the South in the Republican convention. Thirteen colored men were killed recently in a collision between Rockledge and Sherwood. Tenn., on the Nashville.. Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway. They were probably in the dangerous "Jim-Crow" section. White residents of Forsyth County, Ga., have started another attempt to drive Negroes from Georgia. Residents of the county have gone into adjoining counties and destroyed $90,000 worth of property of farmers who employ Negroes. This is the northern hill region of Georgia, between Atlanta and Chattanooga. Representative Edwards, of Georgia, has introduced again his bill requiring the segregation of white and colored people in the Government Departments at Washington, D. C. Colwyn, a town in Pennsylvania, has passed a segregation ordinance which compels Negroes and whites to live in separate blocks. CRIME FOUR Negroes were shot to death and two burned alive and several white people severely wounded in Early County, Ga., December 30th. This county is in the extreme southwestern part of Georgia. Trouble arose from the killing of a white man who had whipped a Negro boy. Many buildings belonging to Negroes have been burned. Armed Negroes helped to stop the lynching of two of their race at Muskogee, Okla., who were accused of killing a policeman. Masked white "hill billies" burned the town of Little Bushy Island, a colored community, near Little Rock, Ark. Sam Bland and Willie Stewart were lynched near Eastman, Dodge County, Ga. They were charged with murdering A. M. Batchellor, a white merchant. William Pickens, who shot and killed John Nichols, white, in a quarrel about cotton, was hanged to a telephone pole in Forest City, Ark. Sheriff D. R. Moreland, white, died from wounds received in a pitched battle recently fought with Negroes in Worth County. Ga. Mrs. Cordelia Stevenson, whose son was accused of burning a white man's barn, was taken from her home, near Columbus. Miss., and hanged by a mob. Six white boys in Atlanta, Ga.. tried to drive four colored lads out of their section of the city. One colored boy was killed by M. Green, a white boy of thirteen. MENofthe MONTH MINISTERS The ministry of New Or leans is taking its place as it should at the head of civic and social uplift movements. Robert Elijah Jones, editor of the Southwestern Christian Advocate, is perhaps the leading example of this. Dr. Jones was born in North Carolina in 1872 and is a graduate of Bennett and Gammon. He served as pastor for several years and in 1897 joined the paper which he now edits, becoming editor in 1904. Dr. Jones has been in the front of every big movement by the race in New Orleans for the past ten years. The Rev. H. H. Dunn, pastor of the Central Congregational Church is a graduate of Straight and his church is the great meeting place for all public movements. He is head of the Colored Educational Alliance and secretary of the Christmas Gift Fund along with many other useful activities. There are, of course, numbers of other worthy pastors in New Orleans, like the Rev. T. F. Robinson of the First Street M. F. Church who is an unusual organizer and a public spirited man. THE OLD There are a number of New GUARD Orleans colored men whose names are household words throughout the State and some of whom are known throughout the United States. The late James F. Lewis was one. .Another is the Honorable Walter L. Cohen, who arose from the Custom Service to be Registrar of the Land Office at New Orleans, where he served for twelve years. Aristide Dejoie, Sr., is notable as a man and as the representative of a large family. He is President of the City Negro Business League and a gauger in the Internal Revenue Department. One son is the best-known colored pharmacist in the State, owning a large and popular drug store. The Hon. C. C. Antoine is a former Lieutenant Governor of the State and Mr. A. P. Williams is a widely known retired teacher. BUSINESS S. W. Green, Supreme Chan-MEN cellor of the colored Knights of Pythias of the United States, might appear under several heads, but he is especially known for his business ability in organizing the Order and in building the notable Pythian Temple in New Orleans at a cost of $225,000. The Grand Lodge of the State of Louisiana has one hundred and eighty-one lodges with a membership of nine thousand. Mr. Green became Supreme Chancellor of the Order in 1908. Henry E. Braden is proprietor of the Astoria Hotel, in New Orleans, and a business man of ability. Alexander Paul is a labor leader and is also engaged in the real estate and insurance businesses. He organized a regiment of colored immunes during the Spanish-American War and was foreman of the laborers in the building of the Cotton Centennial Exposition. PROFESSION - The dean of colored men in SIONAL MEN professions in New Orleans is James Madison Vance, the well-known lawyer. Few colored men are better known throughout the United States. There are a number of physicians led by Dr. J. T. Newman, the Dean of the Provident Sanitarium for Colored People. Dr. J. E. Mullen is another successful colored physician. Dr. J. E. Willis is one of the best-known dental surgeons and among the first to open a dental office. Mr. E. J. LaBranche is a pharmacist and compounds twelve thousand prescriptions a year. Seven physicians have offices in the building where his drug store is located. 17o TH E CRISIS THE LATE COL. JAMES LEWIS DR. R. E. JONES A. DEJOIE, SR. HON. C. C ANTOINE HON. W. L. COHEN J. MADISON VANCE H. E. BRADEN S. W. GREEN A. P. WILLIAMS MEN OF THE MONTH REV. A. LAWLESS REV. H. H. DUNN REV. T. F. ROBINSON WOMEN Two women may be mentioned especially. Frances Joseph-Gaudet is the founder of the Colored Industrial Home and School. Her plant is valued at $90,000 and in the last thirteen years has handled over eight hundred children. The school is entirely free from debt. Mrs. S. W. Green is not simply the wife of her hard-working husband, but has served as bookkeeper when her husband was a grocer and since 1900 has devoted her time to building up the Knights of Pythias with him. She has charge of the office when he is traveling and is his private secretary. Mrs. Geddes is partner in the leading colored undertaking firm in New Orleans. When her husband died she took his place and carried on his work. Mrs. Williams is principal of one of the largest colored schools. Miss Carter is a well-known soloist. GRAND ARMY There is a large and MEN" flourishing organization of the Grand Army of the Republic in New Orleans, arising from the fact that several regiments were recruited here during the war. On page 191 we present the leading officers. MRS. GREEN MRS. WILLIAMS MISS C. CARTER MRS. JOSEPH-GAUDET MRS. GEDDES Opinions MURDER HORACE TRAUBEL writes in the Altoona (Pa.) Times: " 'A Negro looter was lynched.' "Does that mean anything special to you? If the news item had read: 'A white looter was lynched,' would you have regarded it as a good omen? "No. You'd have asked: Why don't they let the law take its course? And you'd also have said: If this lynching business ain't stopped all our civilization will go to smash. "But no one has anything to say no matter what happens to a Negro. "A Negro is guilty because he's accused. But you mustn't accuse a white man even if he's guilty. "I read in the papers today that the State Department has sent a note to Austria objecting to the taking of the lives of certain white people in the destruction of the Ancona. But I don't believe I'll ever hear from the administration objecting to the lynching of a certain Negro at Hopewell. "All the doubts are decided against the Negro. All the white people are given the benefit of every doubt. "I've heard you object to Negroes whose skin is black but whose heart is white. But I've never heard you object to a law whose skin was white but whose heart was black. "When Booker Washington died a cartoonist showed us his tomb covered with roses. And he put this phrase under the drawing: 'No color line here.' "No color line for the dead. But every sort of color line for the living. "The only way the Negro can escape your hate is by dying. "If you're white you can do more or less as you please. But if you're black or brown or yellow, you're obliged to do just as the others please. "The Negro looter was lynched. In fact, it wasn't proved that he was loot ing. Somebody said something was stolen. He was found in the neighborhood. The crowd concluded he was guilty and executed him. "If the lynched man had been white we'd never hear the end of it. But I might have said he wouldn't be lynched. But when the victim is black the record of the atrocity is condoned by general consent. "It's a pity we couldn't have been given a chance to choose our skins before we were born. If we knew we were to be born into a world in which skins counted for more than souls we'd have arranged to arrive with the right kind of fur. "I remember a recent case of rape. Two of us were talking about it. 'Who did it?' I was asked. 'An Irishman,' I said, 'is charged with it.' He shook his head. I don't believe he's guilty." And in the same talk not five minutes later the same man looking over an evening paper exclaimed: 'Here's another damned nigger lynched. Served him right.' He didn't say of the Negro what he so promptly said of the Irishman : I don't believe he's guilty.' He said : 'Served him right.' "Anything that happens to a Negro serves him right. The Hopewell Negro had no right to be a Negro. Being a Negro served him right. "Being a Negro means being potentially capable of every evil. Being a white man means being potentially capable of every good. "Some people talk of Jews like other people talk of Negroes. Some people talk of Italians and Poles like other people talk of Chinamen. Some Ger mans talk of the English and some Englishmen talk of the Germans like other people talk of Africans and Fe jees. But what does it all come from and go to? "A little shift in your white parents and you might have been black. A lit tle shift in your black parents and you OPINIONS might have been white. All the Frenchmen might have been Austrians. All the Turks might have been Russians. I might have been a monkey in wildest Africa. You might have been a man eater in the South Pacific. "That wonderful might have been. It saves some. It damns others. It both saves and damns without a reason. "I might go to bed tonight white and wake up tomorrow morning black. My virtues of today would become my vices of tomorrow. "I might be a white scoundrel and a black saint. But that wouldn't help me any if I was black or hurt me any if 1 was white. "I've heard Negroes talk of the damned Christ-killers and I've heard Jews talk of the damned Negroes. Each of them forgot the other when remembering himself instead of remembering the other in forgetting himself. "The worst exhibit of all is seeing the persecuted turn persecutor. "But just as every animal has its enemy and is an enemy, so is it true that so far every man has a persecutor and is a persecutor. So every man has race hatred and is the victim of race hatred. "If I had read that a white man was lynched at Hopewell I'd felt sorry for him. But when I read that a black man was lynched I felt sorry for myself. "Thomas Paine said that where liberty and justice were not, there was his country. "I say that that race which is hated is the race I love. I say that that race which is spat upon is my race. "My ancestry is half Jew and half Christian. I have known times when the Jew in me was ashamed of the Christian in me. And I have known times when the Christian in me was ashamed of the Jew in me. And yet for the most part my ancestors have learned how to live together in me in love. "I want the world to learn to live with itself in love. Black with white. Yellow with red. All with all. " 'A Negro looter was lynched.' " We are in fact become a nation of murderers. As -the University Commission on Southern Race Questions recently said, lynching has become "a contagious social disease" and "a habit." The Spectator, an insurance periodical, shows that murder is increasing in the United States and that southern cities particularly are centers of homicide. Of course we can trust the author of this article, Frederick L. Hoffman, to saddle most of this on the colored folk. But, says the New York Livening Post, "how inadequate this explanation is may be judged from one circumstance. We note that Baltimore bad a homicide rate in the decade 190413 of only 4.6—while Boston had 4.8, Manhattan and the Bronx 6.1, Cleveland the same, and Chicago 9.3—in spite of the very large colored population of the Maryland city. The way in which the city is governed, and the laws of the State enforced, has fully as much to do with the matter as the composition of the population." m AFRICA A MOST interesting series of remi niscences by an African missionary is being published in the Atlantic Monthly. Speaking of a Congo tribe she says: "The Mpongwe people themselves are extraordinary in their grace and finish. Who can say for how many generations they have been in contact with the trader; and the American mission was busy among them as many as seventy years ago. They are people of a fastidious instinct, the nicest sort of instinct for true gentility; and there is nothing grotesque in their very modified aspect or in the modifications of their manner of life. Many of these old Christian women have an air of distinction for which one can hardly account—quite the 'grand manner;' and the women of the tribe generally are graceful with a grace not at all primitive.—a sophisticated, almost a morbid, grace "The prettiest dress of the Mpongwe woman is a cloth drawn up under the arms, a scarf on the shoulders, and a handkerchief folded over the coiled hair in a high stiff fold set well up on the head, rather like a child's idea of a crown. There is a great fancy lor purples and lavenders set off with shades THE CRISIS of rose and red and a sudden keen note of gilt. With black there will be a touch of most delicious "bright green. A cloth and a scarf worn by a woman of beautiful gesture—and a Gabonnaise is always that—have a certain mutable charm ; the movements of the body, the wind that blows from the sea,—these renew and display the folds of the garment so that the eye is intrigued." Her pictures of the women are particularly beautiful: "Anyure and Awore walk and talk together in the moonlight; they talk secrets, as they should. Anyure's little head is flowerlike; she carries her chin high and looks about her with smiling eyes. Awore is very dark and, of late, womanly; she is pretty too. Tonight in the moonlight I see some silver beads on her neck; they quite shine. Her black dress is figured with gay flowers; her hair comes down from under her flowered kerchief in close-set, stiff little twists "You can't think how sweet the women of this country are. We have just come out from a nine weeks' quarantine from smallpox, and in all those weeks I had no other occupation than to go about in the villages and acquire affable Ngumba manners. The time was happy for me because the women began to love me, to be very sweet and maternal toward me. It is beautiful to see their gentle ways with me, whom they take, in spite of every protestation, to be a little girl." Of the Africans in general the writer says : "The African is exceedingly secret; his thoughts move under cover. There is an obscure sense of mental excitement in any vital intercourse with a people so secret. There is besides a mental excitement in ministering to such a passion fur knowledge. I cannot hope to give you any complete sense of how they inarticulately clamor about me of an evening. Their very silences, when they wait with shining eves, are clamorous "Probably you must wonder sometimes, as I do often enough (but never with any sense of personal stake), as to the future of the African peoples. I don't know, my dears. I have not an idea. They wonder themselves; they have misgivings that haunt and shake them." Of the future of the Africans she writes : "Mr. Nevinson, in the August Harper's, very truly says that the African is not known to the white man. He is not. I have hardly a fixed conviction or an inference as fruit of this year's observation, but the missionary comes to feel that the African is known to God. He feels himself to be, he knows himself to be, one in an affair of three, and God is the third. And he knows himself to be necessary to that union. He is the friend of the Bridegroom." m MISCEGENATION THOSE who discuss the late prin cipal of Tuskegee and his successor are being hard put to it these days to keep their racial balance. They welcome Mr. Moton because he is a full-blooded Negro; they praise Mr. Washington and explain him because he was a mulatto. "I do not understand the Americans," said a distinguished French visitor. "They tell me that only mulattoes amount to anything; but when I suggest more mulattoes they get angry." A writer from Hawaii says of that country: "The melting process has not as yet been sufficiently long-continued to permit conclusions. But it is true that the instruments and the materials essential to nature's experiments in racial association have for a considerable period been present here, and that no results distressful to a broad-minded observer are as yet apparent. And in the present time of universal unrest many persons may find satisfaction in contemplating the fact that in one neighborhood many races live without undue strife. The fact is especially significant when it is considered that the community embraces such widely different peoples as the Hawaiians, the Portuguese, the Chinese, the Japanese, the Koreans, the Filipinos, the Porto Ricans, the Negroes, and various Caucasian nationalities; all of which are OPINIONS 175 represented in considerable numbers among the approximately 60,000 residents of Honolulu." The London Athenaeum, reviewing the Life and Letters of the late Samuel Coleridge-Taylor, tells how he was the son of a black West African, who graduated in medicine at the University College in London. He married an English woman, Alice Hare, and eventually died in West Africa. "The lot of educating her son, therefore, fell upon the mother, whose influence for good was undoubted, and left its mark in the boy's uncommon charm of manner even to his last days. We need not, however, follow the career of Coleridge-Taylor in detail. Most who are interested know that in composition he was a bright and a shining light of the Royal College of Music, and that while still a student there he produced his masterwork. "This last statement we regard as significant. Almost from his earliest youth Coleridge-Taylor was an apostle of color. He took the greatest pride in championing his father's race, and as he grew, so the idea grew with him, with the result that, had he been in a position to do so, he would almost certainly have quitted England forever, to settle in America, after his one and only visit to that country." The Dallas (Texas) Daily Tunes-Herald has a letter from a white man lauding Frederick Douglass: "Fred Douglass has been recognized for over fifty years by the greatest minds of all political parties as the greatest Negro that America has ever produced—and to our thinking the world, unless it might be, Toussaint L'Ouverture of Saint Domingo, who styled himself the greatest of blacks and Napoleon the greatest of whites. "When we consider the conditions and the environments existing at the time of their living Washington's fame or greatness will compare with Fred Douglass, as will dusk to sunlight on a twilight day in June." With the memory of these great mulattoes before the world, we are glad that Dr. Stephen S. Wise, of New York, has taken the New Statesman of London to task for its complacent acceptance of a Negro-hating picture play : "As an American reader of The New Statesman may I be permitted to say how deeply disappointing it was to read under the caption of 'The Drama' in the issue of October 9th, a review of 'The Birth of a Nation' by Desmond McCarthy. I am not unmindful of the truth that dramatic criticism is not under the necessity of dealing with the moral problems involved in a play, but it would seem to me that any reviewer of 'The Birth of a Nation' ought to have felt what most fair-minded Americans have come to feel, that 'The Birth of a Nation' is an indefensible libel upon a race, that it is nothing less than an indictment of a whole people, the more damning because it purports to be historical and impartial. 'The Birth of a Nation' is not history; it is travesty. It is not realism; it is an abomination save from the viewpoint, perhaps, of sheer spectacular mass-production. "We have earnestly striven in this and other cities to prevent the appearance of 'The Birth of a Nation' as tending to excite ill-will between the white and the black races. We have succeeded only in some cities, and I am ashamed to admit that we were able to do nothing more in the city of New York than to bring about, through Mayoral intervention, the elision of some of the most objectionable parts of the play. But it was a play that called not for modification but for the policeman's club. Some of us have wondered that the Negroes of New York and other cities have been patient enough to permit this vile spectacle to be presented from day to day without being roused to some act of violence. " 'The Birth of a Nation' is the sort of thing on the stage which makes such appeal to prejudice and partisanship and ill-will as to make inevitable a continuance of the state of war now obtaining in Europe. Every war in the end results from moral, or shall we say immoral, preparedness, even more imme I/6 	THE CRISIS diately than from that physical preparedness which is the expression of the other and deeper-seated preparedness." The St. Paul Pioneer-Press says editorially : "If the Negroes who opposed the presentation of 'The Birth of a Nation' so strongly felt it incumbent on them to offer proof to the public that their race has progressed since the period covered by the much-discussed film play, they would need to seek no farther than Brown S. Smith, the Negro attorney whose masterful appeal won for them the partial victory which was granted by the City Council on Wednesday. "Though surrounded by several well educated, cultured men of his own race Mr. Smith towered above them all by the force of his unique personality and the wonderful eloquence of his address. He spoke for nearly an hour to an audience which contained many who opposed his proposals most strongly, but he held the absolute attention of every listener. As he made his points, rounding them out with a touch of humor or pathos, or a burst of eloquence, he swayed and converted many of his auditors who had entered the council chamber with their minds set in favor of his opponents. "There was more than the appeal of one man in his speech. Listening to his remarkable flow of words, the impartial hearer was forced to the conclusion that here was the sincere appeal of a race of men and women, with the same pride in accomplishment, the same depth of feeling, the same earnest desire to progress, that the white race possesses." All	 of which goes to make the Rev. R. C. Ransom's "New Year's Prophecy" peculiarly opposite : "I see dark visioned countenances everywhere walking in the paths of men erect and unafraid. I see unwavering eves look forth from ebony faces no longer mantled with an age-long grin, But	 with a look of stern determination and resolve. I see a day of God, and not a day of color or of race, In which men trace with pardonable pride the fading rays of oriental sunshine in their veins." WASHINGTON SOME striking last words of the late ^ Booker T. Washington are coming to hand. When he knew that his days were numbered he is reported to have said: "Don't make any noise about it. If my life has stood for anything, I desire to have it count for the carrying on of the work which I have begun." In his last speech before the American Missionary Association he asked for more funds for the higher education of the Negro. "In order to give the Negro youth in the South adequate facilities for obtaining thorough training in normal and college courses it will be necessary to increase the little more than $4,000,000 now being expended annually for Negro higher and secondary education to $10,000,000 or more. In other words, Negro higher and secondary education needs about $6,000,000 more annually than it is now receiving. "At the present rate, it is taking not a few days or a few years, but a century or more to get Negro education on a plane at all similar to that on which the education of whites is." In an article written for the New Republic and published after his death, he said : "Segregation is ill-advised because "1.	 It is unjust. "2.	 It invites other unjust measures. "3.	 It will not be productive of good, because practically every thoughtful Negro resents its injustice and doubts its sincerity. Any race adjustment based on injustice finally defeats itself. The Civil War is the best illustration of what results where it is attempted to make wrong right or seem to be right. "4. It is unnecessary. "5. It is inconsistent. The Negro is segregated from his white neighbor, but white business men are not prevented from doing business in Negro neighborhoods. OPINIONS "6. There has been no case of segregation of Negroes in the United States that has not widened the breach between the two races. Wherever a form of segregation exists it will be found that it has been administered in such a way as to embitter the Negro and harm more or less the moral fibre of the white man. That the Negro does not express this constant sense of wrong is no proof that he does not feel it." The comment of the Socialists on Mr. Washington's death is interesting. The New York Call says: "The war is fifty years in the past. It is over. The wounds have healed. It is no longer necessary to lick the boots of lynching parties in order to be allowed to live. It IS necessary to fight that the rights of citizenship, of the franchise, of education, of the right to live their own lives be given to the Negroes. That fight was not Washington's fight. Other men are taking that fight up. But when Washington began his work his task was as great as the task of the present day fighters for absolute equality of opportunity for the Negro. And for the courage, the intrepidity, the heroism of that fight there is the greatest honor due the former illiterate, fatherless slave." The Appeal to Reason adds: "The career of Booker T. Washington is undoubtedly an inspiring indication of the possibilities of Negro development under favorable conditions. But it also reminds us that the salvation of the Negro race is not possible through the work of individual benefactors like Washington, or even through united racial action which is' only a means of intensifying racial prejudice, but through united economic and political action to secure industrial and social freedom and opportunity for all men, regardless of race or color." The New Republic has this complacent doctrine: "A ruling race will never relax its grip upon the political powers in response to the moral and intellectual striving of a subject race. But a ruling race will countenance attempts on the part of the oppressed to increase their economic efficiency; partly because the members of the ruling race hope to profit thereby and partly because a ruling race affects to despise the purely economic field and whatever goes on in it. The subject race can elevate itself, through industry and thrift, without encountering any serious opposition." When was there in America even the affectation of despising "the purely economic field ?" Listen to the answer of the Boston Globe: "More freedom is needed; the colored people now want freedom to work. They want to be able to secure employment where there is work to be had. "Certain unskilled positions are open to them. A woman can find openings in domestic service. A man can get placed as a porter or on an elevator, but if he or she is skilled, if the woman has qualified as an expert stenographer, if the man has an education which will put him above the ranks of the unskilled, both man and woman are likely to walk the streets of any city vainly, even when' times are good. The trouble is not with the employers. Generally they are willing to have a good worker, no matter of what race. The trouble is with the other workers. The employer is usually quite frank in saying that the line is drawn by his employes. "The situation is pitiable. The Civil Service is the only door open to the skilled colored person, and the army of applicants for Civil Service positions leaves only room enough for a few. A new emancipation is needed. The colored people need the freedom to work. Without it, the educated among them must either drudge or starve. Opportunity can only be open for them when those workers, who now deny them a chance, change their attitude." m MOT ON THE Montgomery Journal says of A the Tuskegee Board of Trustees: "It is understood that while the majority of the board—those members from the South—favored Emmet THE CRISIS Scott, the minority—those from the North, those who had not only given their moral but substantial support to the school and had made its great success possible in the wider field of usefulness to the race—were for Robert Maton. "The Journal understands, however, that although the majority were for Emmet Scott, that the majority would have felt under the peculiar circumstances, an obligation to the minority to have given away and to have allowed Molton to have been named, but for Colonel Theodore Roosevelt, who took the southern view of the question of successor to Booker Washington, and that was that the principal should be a man known to the people here in Alabama, that he should command the respect and confidence of both races, and that he should not be a new and untried man. "The fact that he was brought from another state, and from an institution not so popular with the people of the South as the Tuskegee Institute, but on the contrary one about which there have been misgivings, would tend to arouse suspicion in this section, which it would be necessary for the new principal to outlive ; but in the meantime something might happen that would so discredit him and the institution that it would seriously endanger its future usefulness. "It is idle to attempt to conceal the fact of the existence of a racial prejudice in the South." Note in the above the deliberate misspelling of Major Moton's name. The Montgomery Advertiser joined in this peculiar demand. "The Advertiser, in its first editorial, said that Tuskegee was the greatest institution ever created by the Negro race or its representatives; it said then that Tuskegee was bigger and it was more important to the Negro race than Hampton. And it said then that Tuskegee should not be made the tail to Hampton's kite. Undoubtedly there must be some mutual interests between these two institutions, but it would hardly be the right thing- to place at the head of Tuskegee a Hampton representative and to put him over the heads of men of capacity and availability who have labored faithfully and well for Tuskegee." The Charlotte (N. C.) Observer says: "The trustees seemed to have been appreciative of Scott's claims, yet it was considered the course of wisdom to transfer Major Moton from the head of Hampton Normal Institute to that of Tuskegee. It is to be hoped that time will vindicate the wisdom of this action and justify the choice of the trustees. But if the standard of Tuskegee institute is to be maintained and if it is to hold the useful place in the field of Negro education that was established for it by Booker Washington, the friendly sentiment and encouragement of the people in whose territory the institution is located must continue to be cultivated as it was under Washington." Northern papers without exception praise Major Moton. The New York Evening Post says: "As it is, there is now every assurance that Tuskegee will go on with as slight a break in leadership as possible, and will be carried on as an educational institution in precisely the spirit of Booker Washington. If Hampton can now find the right successor to Major Moton, it will be further gratifying proof of the ability of the colored people to develop high and worthy leadership." The Boston Transcript adds: "His long experience and never-ceasing study at Hampton Institute fit him admirably for the exercise of control at an institution all of whose teachers are of the colored race, and where no white man abides; and if the mantle of leadership of his race shall indeed fall upon his shoulders with the principalship of Tuskegee, it will be an advantage that he is a pure-blood Negro. No one will ever be able to say, in explanation of Moton's success, that he 'gets it from the white side.' " And even the President of the United States writes: "I have known something of the special work you have been trying to do for the people of your race and of OPINIONS the spirit in which you have undertaken it, and 1 believe that your selection as the head of the Tuskegee Institute means the promotion there of the best, most practical and most hopeful ideas for the development of the Negro people." At the risk of seeming ungrateful we would like to suggest to President Wilson that he find at least one new adjective for use in addressing the Negro race. We have heard that word "practical" before. NEGLECT NOW and then the Episcopal Church awakens to the fact that it is doing very little to help the colored people. The Churchman says: "There are 12,000,000 people in our whole country of African descent. More than three-fourths of these are in the South. The work of our Church in this section of the population has never been adequately stressed, despite the fact that the religious environment of many of the forebears of the present colored population must have been that of their masters. Hundreds of colored people were communicants of the Episcopal Church in the Colonial period, and they continued to be loyal and faithful to the Church until the time came when racial religious denominations came into existence. The racial Churches have achieved a great deal in the South. They have built colleges, high schools, academies as well as church buildings. They have prospered and succeeded, but they have isolated the population of African descent. The obligations of our Church to the colored people are convincingly handled in Archdeacon Denby's address at the Ninth Annual Convocation held in Memphis, Tennessee. The Church, although its work is small, holds to the principle of maintaining a close bond between the white and colored communicants of the diocese. More financial support should be given to the colored work of the Church. Expressions of good-will and sympathy are not enough. Sunday-schools must be established wherever there is a colored population, and an earnest appeal is made for the establishment of parochial schools with adequate financial support. By the Social Service Department of the Convocation the need of playgrounds for children in Southern cities is especially emphasized, and along with it is urged most justly the establishment of a juvenile court system for colored children." A writer in the Columbia (S. C.) Statesman complains: "Our State gives attention to methods, class of work, efficiency of teachers, character of teachers and the like, in our white schools, but spends hundreds of thousands of dollars a year on the education of the Negroes. The money spent is given as a 'conscience fund,' without giving a moment's consideration as to the results or consequences on the character of these people. It is too late and but the wail of idle dreamers to give consideration to 'not educating the Negro.' He is and will be educated somehow, rightly or wrongly. The money being spent is South Carolina's money and it ought to be spent judiciously and wisely. I have noticed from time to time the lax hours spent in numbers of rural Negro schools. That there ought to be regulated supervision is so apparent to my mind until it needs no argument. I am aware that in several towns and cities the Negroes have well regulated schools with competent teachers. That there are some such in the rural communities is admitted, but they are the exception which proves the rule. I believe every right thinking Negro who desires the genuine improvement of his race will welcome such a supervision." Sidney J. Catts, candidate for governor of Florida, is very decided in his views as to Negro education. He opposes the appropriation given to the colored college at Tallahassee. "I am opposed to higher education of the Negro in the South," said the gubernatorial candidate. "We all know there is no room in the South for the well educated Negro, no one wants a Negro for a lawyer or a doctor or a banker." If the Negro knows THE CRISIS enough to read his Bible his education is complete, in Mr. Catts' opinion. ACCOMPLISHMENT MOST Americans know little of what Negroes have done and care less, but now and then their accomplishments get into print. The St. Louis Post Despatch says: "That Lawton Avenue is Easy Street was becomingly demonstrated Monday evening when the colored people of St. Louis announced subscriptions of $08,947.80 to the colored branch of the Y. M. C. A. The subscription campaign lasted but 10 days. The subscribers consisted of 3,614 colored persons and 10 whites. A similar campaign recently conducted in Chicago which has a larger Negro population than St. Louis netted less money. "Our reference to Easy Street is entirely complimentary. The colored people of St. Louis are as industrious as they are law-abiding. If the whites in St. Louis presented no more problems proportionately this would be the metropolis of the Happy Valley of Rasselas. Beggars, vagrants and street rowdies are rare among St. Louis Negroes. Law-breakers and criminals are few. Dependents in public institutions are not many. Mainly the Negroes care for their own sick and impoverished. The most successful money campaign ever conducted among Negroes adds to the respect which they have earned of their white neighbors." The Louisville Courier Journal says of a Negro tenor: "Hayes possesses a voice which makes the hearer forget all distinctions of color or condition, and think only of the great tenors of world-wide fame. Tt is robust in proportion, but wonderfully sweet in quality, adapting itself to the heroic measures of 'Aida' or the tender pathos of a ballad. It is but natural that some crudities remain in Hayes' style, for he is a very young man. and is too modest to think his musical education finished. In spite of these, his interpretations are intelligent, and even the most critical among his hearers recognized the fire of true musical inspiration. The principal numbers of his program were 'Celeste Aida' and de Grieux' air from 'Manon,' the first sung in Italian, and the latter in French, both languages being remarkably rendered." A Chicago paper has this: "A. J. McKelway told Mrs. Inez Haynes Gillmore of some of his experiences fighting child labor in the South. "It has to do with suffrage—with Negro suffrage. It happens that the children who work in the Georgia mills are almost all white. The Negroes are paying more attention to farming and to buying land and so avoid the mill towns. When child labor came up for discussion in the Georgia Legislature a short time ago the members were limited to three-minute speeches. A Negro legislator arose. " 'Mr. Speaker,' he began, 'I am not much interested in this, for our Negro children don't work in the mills. But we've legislated here for the beasts of the earth, for the birds of the air, the fishes of the sea, and so I'm in favor of legislating for the little white children of this State.' " The Pittsburgh Courier says: "We have reliable information that among the heroes of the recent Sandusky street fire must be included an unknown Negro. This man of black skin entered the burning building and rescued the screaming girls—all white —and without remaining to give his name or residence lost himself in the crowd and went away. "Witnesses who saw his work declare that he was the most modest of all. That he went in time and again in face of the death trap and brought out suffering and gasping girls, while other men looked on. This Negro, whoever he is, must go down as a hero, as white at heart as any who braved the dangers of that awful conflagration ; he must be reckoned among men whose hearts are large enough to forget color or race when humanity is suffering. If his name is never learned, his work will endure as an example of a man with a heart full of love for humanity—and the color of his skin OPINIONS makes no difference with Him who, in the finality of things, will give credit where credit is due. "The daily press failed to mention this Negro or his work, and we give it mention now as a reminder that heroes are not made by newspapers." All of which leads us to quote the Chinese poet, Pai Ta-shun, on "Brotherhood:" "The One bethought Him to make man of many-colored dust. And mixed the holy spirit in In portions right and just; Each had a part of mind and heart From One Himself in trust. "Thus came the brown and yellow men And black and white and red, So different in their outer look, Alike in heart and head, The self-same earth before their birth. The self-same dust when dead." m MISCELLANEOUS "OF the six million South Africans, only one million have votes, and the five millions demand Imperial interference, not to assert a sentimental right merely, but to recover the bare human right to which every man born into the world is entitled, namely, the right to occupy and live bv tilling the land. "Of this right the voteless millions of His Majesty s black subjects are ruthlessly deprived by the South African Parliament, in which they have no say. Last year the Union Parliament passed the Native Land Act, under which natives can neither purchase nor lease land. The effect has been that numerous farm tenants, whose tenancies expired during the past twelve months, have been rendered homeless, since the law does not permit them to settle anywhere on a farm except as servants; and white farmers did not hesitate to take advantage of this law to exact unpaid labor from the natives. "Paul Kruger had a law in the Transvaal which debarred Asiatics from purchasing land in his Republic; vet Paul Kruger, in all his alleged wickedness, never proposed anything half so drastic as to fine a farmer one hundred pounds for allowing a landless Indian to plough or graze his horse on a farm. This General Botha does to the aborigines of the country under the 'protection' of the British flag. "The Imperial Government, which went to war against Oom Paul to se cure justice for whites, tell us they cannot interfere to secure justice for blacks. "It would therefore seem that we en joyed more protection before we be came British subjects, and that now that we arc under the Union Jack, Parliament in our native land, in which we have no voice, is at liberty to un justly tax and enslave us."—Sol T. Plaatje in the Brotherhood Journal. England. "We exend our heartiest congratulations to TH E CRISIS, Dr. W. E. DuBois. editor, which has crossed the line of self-support. TH E CRISIS is just five years old, and has a circulation of 35,000 copies, and is now meeting all expenses, including the salary of the editor, business manager and office rent; in fact, every item connected with the paper. This is fine. We do not know another paper in the country edited by a man of our race that has achieved this point of success. There are others that are self-supporting, but they do not pay anything like a comfortable salary to the editor. We most sincerely congratulate Dr. DuBois ami wish that TH E CRISIS may live long. "The CRISIS occupies space in one of the best buildings in New York City, on Fifth Avenue, and has in every way a well-appointed office. The paper hopes to have a 50,000 circulation by the first of April next, and we sincerely trust that Dr. DuBois and the staff of The CRISIS will not be disappointed. "If Tin-: CRISIS has reached the point of self-support, why may not the Southwestern Christian Advocate with its strong constituency? Brethren, it is up to us."—Southwestern Christian Advocate, New Orleans, La. SOCIETY OF THE HOLY NAME, ST. KATHERINE CATHOLIC CHURCH, NEW ORLEANS Photo by Allen J. Woods BARN DANCE OF THE YOUNG MEN'S TWENTY CLUB, NEW ORLEANS Editorial THAT CAPITAL "N" FRO M time to time persons write us for a brief statement of the reasons for capitalizing' the word Negro. The ordinary rules of capitalization enjoin the use of a capital letter for all proper nouns, all names of tribes, races, sects or organized bodies of men. For this reason the word Negro when referring to a race of men has always been capitalized until late in the Nineteenth Century. With the defense of Negro slavery in those days there grew up the custom of using the small letter for the word since Negroes were looked upon as ''real estate" or as moveable property like horses, cows, etc. At the same time the great increase in printing and use of printing machines led to a disuse of capital letters in many cases where they had formerly been used and a great distaste to reporting to them among printers of English. Consequently the rule books used in most printing offices today say that capitals shall be used for the names of all nations and races "except Negro.'"' This has been defended by saying that Negro is not the name of a race but the description of the color of a people, being correlative with white, yellow, etc. This argument is manifestly false. Black is the correlative of white and Negro does not describe color since all the persons designated as Negroes are by no means black, even in Africa. If, therefore, we follow analogy we cannot refuse to capitalize Negro when we capitalize Caucasian, Malay, Indian. Chinese, etc. Not to capitalize Negro under such circumstances is a direct, and in these days a more and more conscious, insult to at least 150,000,000 human beings and no person or institution will persist in this insult if they realize that these people regard the usage as such. OLD SARUM OLD Sarum was an English town dating from Roman times. From 1295 to 1832 it sent two members to the English House of Commons despite the fact that from the Sixteenth Century the village was a heap of ruins. Old Sarum became a by-word for misrepresentative democracy. Let no one think that we have outgrown the rank injustice of misrepresentation. It is difficult to get the figures of election returns in the South. Since this Association made revelations some few years ago, the returns of congressional elections are no longer published in the Congressional Record! If, however, we depend upon the World Almanac we may gather many lessons. Take for instance the presidential election of 1912 and let us compare South Carolina and Massachusetts, two hereditary friends. To choose her eighteen electors Massachusetts cast 488,156 votes; South Carolina cast only EDITORIAL 5 0.348 votes, but for these she sent nine electors to the electoral college. This means that the South Carolinian cast five votes to the New Englander's one. To this we may add the following facts: Georgia and New Jersey each had 5 electors. Georgia cast 121,532 votes for hers; New Jersey cast 432,534 votes for hers. Louisiana casting votes had 10 electors; Rhode Island casting 77,624 votes had 5 electors. • Oregon casting 137,040 votes had 5 electors. Kansas and Mississippi each had 10 electors; Kansas cast 365,444 votes for hers; Mississippi cast 64,319 votes for hers. Alabama and Minnesota each had 12 electors; Alabama cast 117,888 votes for hers; Minnesota cast 334,219 votes for hers. New York cast 1,587,983 votes for her 45 electors; Georgia (14), South Carolina (9), Alabama (12), and Mississippi (10), cast 354,087 votes for their 45 electors. Congress has just convened with the South still in the saddle, still leaders on the floor and heading all important committees. Why? Because in the congressional election of 1914 equal representation under the laws was a farce in the South. Let us compare for instance Alabama and Minnesota. Each elected ten members of the United States House of Representatives. The votes cast in the elec tions were as follows: ALABAMA. Total Vote 1st district—Grey elected 4,681 2nd " —Dent elected 7,470 &amp;rd " —Stegal elected 7,951 4th " —Blackraor elected 5,441 5th " — Heflin elected 8,100 6th " —Oliver elected 10,718 71I1 " —Hurnctt elected 16,781 8th " —Almon elected 6,314 Qth " —I fuddlcston elected 8,072 75,528 (One Congressman at large.) MINNESOTA. Total Vote 1st district—Anderson elected 36,479 2nd " —Ellsworth elected 34,i8o 3rd " —Davis elected 36,832 4th " —Van Dyke elected 30,786 5th " —Smith elected 30,929 6th " —Lindebergh elected 32,378 7th " —Volstead elected 28,815 8th " —Miller elected 28,059 9th " —Steeverson elected 31,662 10th " —Sehall elected 32,691 322,811 Mississippi and Kansas make an even more striking comparison : Mississippi. 1st district —Candler 5,271 2nd " —Stephens 5,169 3rd " —Humphreys 2,168 4th " —Sisson 4,899 5th " —Witherspoon 6,952 6th " —Hamson 6,620 7th " —Quinn 3,702 8th " —Collier 2,404 37,i85 Kansas. 1st district—Anthony 61,127 2nd " —Taggart 68,133 3rd " —Campbell 74,395 4th " —Doolittle 50,821 5th " —Helvcring 54,981 6th " —Connelly 58,190 7th " —Shouse 69,851 8th " —Ayres 46,185 483,683 It would seem that each Mississippi voter (and only white men vote in Mis THE CRISIS sissippi) casts thirteen votes where a Kansas voter casts one. We ask in all candor how long is Republican government going to endure under such cir cumstances? How long is this, the most burning question of American democracy, going to be "let alone" by patriotic Americans? THE SLATER FUND |THE last report of the John F. Slater Fund shows that during the last thirty-three years this bund has distributed $1,625,000 among Negro schools. The annual appropriations have risen from $16,250 in 1882-83 to $69,250 in 1915. The appropriation this year was divided among sixty-eight schools, five counties and thirteen summer schools. There can be no doubt of the great good accomplished by this benefaction and we are glad to know that a part of the Peabody Trust is to be turned over to the Slater Board for the rural schools of the Negro race. This will probably amount to several hundred thousand dollars. There is, however, one aspect of the Slater Fund administration which gives us concern. We note that in 1913 there was an unexpended balance of $45,000 and that after the expenses of the year 1913-14 had been paid there was a balance of over $80,000 carried into the new fiscal year. This means apparently that half the income for the last year was unexpended. It seems to us that this is a mistake; that when one considers the tremendous needs of the colored race it is too bad to have the few agencies working for the race not used to their full capacity. We would like especially to call to the attention of the Slater Fund the need of systematic and scientific study of race problems in America. The Slater Fund has long appropriated a very small amount, $2,000, to such study. Is not the time ripe now to make an annual appropriation of at least $25,000 for real study ; to put such study on a scientific basis, to make it not simply a matter of discussion like the Southern Race Commission (where no black man can get a hearing), but to make it a real, catholic and fair inquiry into the facts of race life and race contact ? GERMANY SOMEONE writes to ask what the effect on the Negro will be if Germany should triumph in the present war. We do not lor a moment pretend that the German people are ogres and the Allies saints, but we confess that based on unchallenged records there can be no doubt that Germany's attitude toward colored races is indefensible. Lewis R. Freeman says in the World's Work: "In Damaraland between the years 1904 and 1907 as the consequence of the killing of a single child the Germans wantonly did to death 30,000 Hereros, a simple pastoral tribe of scant fighting capacity. Never since Nero and Attila had there been a parallel to Von Trotha's infamous order of extermination. " 'Within German borders' read the proclamation of this Teutonic barbarian 'every Herero with or without rifle, with or without cattle will be shot.will take no more women or children. I will drive them back or have them fired on.' "For several years Germany seemed actually to be trying to make Damaraland a 'white man's country' by killing the blacks. It has reaped in failure the logical harvest of this sowing of brutality." EDITORIAL On the other hand the New York Nation has an article that tells us of the peculiar affection of the colored races for France: " The brilliant success of the French in handling such soldiers is largely due to something entirely wanting to Germans in their dealings with subordinate races. It is something which even the Englishman's fair play does not altogether supply. It is the hand-to-hand comradeship of officers and men." Small wonder that a black and wounded Senegalese writes from the hospital: "Next spring we blacks will give our lives again and show we are worthy to fight beside our white brothers for the defense of France. If I have been able to be somebody in my country, it is owing to the lessons of my French masters." A LIBRARY SOME friends of native races on both sides of the Atlantic I I have proposed that a small Lending Library, containing authoritative works upon the treatment and progress of the Negro race, together with books by Negroes, should be established in London, and, with the sanction of the Committee of the Anti-Slavery and Aborigines Protection Society, the Library will be housed—at least for a time—in the offices of that society. "A commencement is being made at once with a grant of books from the United States which Dr. DuBois is kindly arranging to send, and it is hoped that the library will be available for use at an early date. "Will those who may be able to give standard works upon the question forward them to: The Secretary, Anti-Slavery &amp; Aborigines Protection Society, London." THE CRISIS asks contributions oi books for the above purpose. Volumes sent to us, will be acknowledged and forwarded. "LIES AGREED UPON" TO many men history is a matter of convention and prejudice. Current Literature, for in stance, succeeds in writing two whole pages on "rag-time" without mentioning the Negro race. A Connecticut paper makes Coleridge-Taylor an Australian. Hundreds of men of Negro blood have had their achievements lost to the race because the matter oi" their color has been conveniently forgotten since their death. In this way one easily sees .what a certain E. S. Cox, a "graduate student" of Vanderbilt University means when he announces jauntily that all human culture has risen from white folk; the colored races have contributed nothing to civilization and when white races become mixed with colored blood they "decline." It is hardly necessary to argue with such a man. One may simply say flatly that the thesis is absolutely false and can only be maintained by claiming as "white" every group and every individual that has given anything to human culture. With this method the Egyptians, the Abyssinians, the East Indians and three-fourths of the African peoples and all of Mediterranean races become "white." Such a definition is nonsense. Civilization started with colored races and colored races and colored men have always been among its greatest standard bearers, the "graduate student" to the contrary notwithstanding. 188 THE CRISIS NEW COLORED PUBLIC LIBRARY, NEW ORLEANS COLORED NEW ORLEANS By V. P. THOMAS NEW ORLEANS has had colored people in it almost from the day of its foundation in 1717. At least since 1769, when an English shipload of African slaves was brought here and with it the first visitation of yellow fever, there have always been colored people in New Orleans. But history of the colored people of New Orleans is generally dated from 1814-15, when there had got to be quite a large number of free people of color and there were among them such notable characters as Hippolyte Castra and Nicol Riquet, men who had attained some education and who were counted among the patriots of their day. The fields at Chalmette, where the centennary of the Battle of New Orleans was celebrated only this very year, show a number of tablets telling of the positions occupied by battalions of men of color who took valorous part in the decisive contest between the Ameri cans and the British soldiers January 8th, 1815. Although they had been under the lash of race prejudice all the time before, these free men of color all embraced the idea voiced in the cry "Courons vaincre, mes freres, nous sommes tons nes du sang Louisianais!" and following General Jackson proved themselves sons of Louisiana indeed by the splendid service they rendered their country and their state. The written history of New Orleans which one finds in the hands of the children in the schools of the city does not include any names of these colored men, and but for manuscripts, papers, pamphlets and the like saved from that day, and traditions of generation after generation of the race down to the present there would be nothing upon which the colored people of today in this city could prove their title to remembrance as worthy citizens. Down to 1863, the colored people COLORED NEW ORLEANS who made history for the race were known as "free men of color" and Creoles. Many of them had acquired much wealth and lived in good homes, sending their children off to school in France and other European countries. With good education and the spirit oi liberty, equality and justice filling their hearts, those sent off would come back in due time and become leaders of their race. In the industrial arts, the colored Creoles led all others in the city of New Orleans and the State of Louisiana for years and were acknowledged to be the best artisans of every kind for the construction of buildings and the manufacture of articles of trade and commerce. In proof of this, there is an abundance of evidence in the shape of buildings which were the handiwork of colored architects, brick masons, carpenters, plasterers, and slaters in every section of the city of New Orleans. Some of the largest and best business houses of the "Crescent City" of various kinds at the present time here had their origin in the business and commercial enterprises of colored men years ago. While the businesses have changed hands and the names of business places have also been changed. they are nevertheless landmarks, as it were, of the enterprises of the 4,000 families of free people of color in their 5,000 dwellings in the city and State as given in the census of 1850. The leadership of the free people of color continued until about 30 years ago, when, like their compatriots of the white race, the loss of fortune and prestige due to the Civil War retired many of them from the front. The free people of color here lost in proportion as much as the white people did by the war. With their retirement the leadership of the colored race largely fell to the lot of others whose work and efforts in various lines this number of THE CRISIS undertakes to relate in part. Before taking up the colored people of today, we may recall the names of some of the members of the race who became so notable that even the strongest prejudices have not been able to keep their work and worth out of the history of the city—Aristide Mary, Thorny Lafon, Dr. L. Roudanez, Paul Trevigne, Widow Bernard Convent. Victor Sejour, Arthur Esteves, Armand Lanusse, Joanny Questy, Lolo Mansion, Decoudreau, Basile Crocker. Adolph and Armand Duhart, Eugene NEW ORLEANS UNIVERSITY 190	 THE Warbourg and Daniel Warbourg, Alexandre Pickhil, painter, Joseph Abeilard, architect, Jules Abeilard, E. J. Edmunds, N. Rillieux, inventor of vacuum pan centrifugal, Antoine Dubuclet, Oscar Guimbillotti, doctor, Alexandre Chaumette, doctor, Francois Boisdore, Pierre Cazenave, Francois Escofhe, Severin Lataure, Leoni Monthieu, the Soulies, the Delassizes, the Bores, the St. Amants, the Sincyrs, Barjons, Fonvergnes, Beauvers, Brules, Castelins, Colastin Rousseau, Savary, Populus,	 and others. Today New Orleans is a city with a THE PYTHIAN TEMPLE, NEW ORLEANS colored population of nearly one hundred thousand people, men, women and children. The blood in the veins of her colored people is a mixture of the blood of every nation, but primarily it is African and European. Not more than about a third of this colored population is without trace of European or other than African blood in their veins, and it is a matter of fact that pure African people in New Orleans have not increased in number in many years. . This is due first to the discontinuance of the traffic in African slaves and later to the intermarriages between the mixed bloods and the pure African, CRISIS LA BRANCHE'S DRUG STORE immediately following the proclamation of freedom for the slaves in 1863. This colored population with representatives showing unmistakable evidences of the same qualities possessed by the best representatives of the white or other races here has not been allowed to feel that it is any improvement on those brought here for servitude during the days of African slave trade. Notwithstanding everything that has been done to have the colored people believe that they are natural hewers of wood and drawers of water, fit to do menial service only, and nothing else, they have made many friends and converted many people to the belief that with equal chance and opportunity they can fill the places of men' among men in every calling pursued by their neighbors. The task of succeeding in spite ot ASTORIA HOTEL, NEW ORLEANS COLORED NEW ORLEANS Charles Moran F. C Antoine B. Taylor F. C. Taylor GRAND ARMY LEADERS the many difficulties incident to race and caste prejudices has been a very hard one, but notwithstanding this fact there are in the city of New Orleans today nearly 2,000 pieces of property owned by colored taxpayers. Nearly six thousand colored men paid the poll tax of one dollar for the year 1914. There are a considerable number of colored college graduates, men and women. There are practicing physicians, sick nurses, dentists, pharmacists, lawyers, ministers of the gospel, teachers in the colleges, high schools, and common public schools, in music, in mechanics, in medicine and pharmacy. There are undertakers and embalmers, electricians, plumbers, carpenters, building contractors, architects, painters and decorators, plasterers, bricklayers, slaters, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, coopers, cabinet makers, grocers, proprietors of shoe stores and novelty stores, real estate dealers, jitney bu s owners and transfer wagon owners; colored men are employed in the federal service, the post office, internal revenue department, department of justice, and customs department. There are dairymen, butchers, truck gardeners, dealers in moss and hides, etc. There are caterers, bakers, confectioners, barbers, tailors, shoemakers, cigar makers, musicians in bands, sail makers and boat builders. In this city there are 17 drug stores and dispensaries owned and conducted by colored people whose stocks are declared to be worth not less than 75 thousand dollars. In the industrial in- C. DUPRE'S DAIRY FARM 192 THE CRISIS surance business there are two large concerns. There are quite a number of successful undertakers and embalmers, the Geddes and Moss firm being rated among the best equipped establishments of the kind—white or colored. There is no end to the number of societies, clubs and the like, beginning with L'Economie, a society organized by free people of color in 1836, and whose hall and fixtures are conservatively estimated to be worth over twenty thousand dollars. The president of this society for the past twenty years has been Hon. "Walter L. Cohen. There are at the present time seven schools which combine the high school and college work: Straight, New Orleans, Leland Southern (recently opened by the benevolence of Mother Katharine Drexel of the Order of the Blessed Sacrament), Luther College and Guillaume College, whose combined enrollment in 1914 was nearly two thousand students. There are 16 public schools for colored children, with 175 colored teachers and 8,164 pupils, the Thorny Lafon with 28 teachers and 1,600 pupils being the largest of the number. Mrs. Sylvanie F. Williams whose picture is in this number has been its successful principal for years. As yet the City of New Orleans has no public high school for colored children, the 8th grade being the limit in the public school system for the race. Several attempts have been made to secure from the school board a colored high school but without success. One of the new colored public schools proposed is to be named in memory of the late Col. James Lewis. Although the city has not allowed the race any high schools, or night schools, the colored people with the aid of missionary associations and churches are managing to keep in college a fair proportion of their girls and boys who have finished the common school course and to see many of them graduate in the normal or high school department of these sectarian colleges. Many of the professional men and civil service employees who are making their mark are products of these colleges. Enough has been said to make clear that with all the handicap of expense for education, and the handicap of unequal opportunities for advancement in other things, the colored people of New Orleans can lay a just claim to being part and parcel of the race that has made such wonderful progress in the past fifty years. THE COLORED CREOLES OF LOUISIANA By JOSE CLARANA WHAT is a Creole? If I remem ber rightly George W. Cable, the most popular interpreter of Louisiana to the American novel reader, defines this word as the generic name of the white Louisianans of Latin stock, but generously adds that people of African blood have, with the tacit approval of the whites, assumed the title. This definition of Creole is no doubt highly satisfactory to a public which understands that an American may be anything but a Negro; the descendant of African blacks being always just a plain denationalized "Negro," even if lie is a white man. As a matter of fact,the French CREOLE, like its Spanish cognate, simply means NATIVE and, far from having to do only with white people and their things, it is the name of the patois which the African blacks made from the language of their original masters in Louisiana and the French West Indies. A Creole, therefore, may be a pure white man, but as this class in Louisiana has been largely assimilated with the immigrant from the North, the task of preserving Creole traditions has been left mainly to those members of the French speaking Roman Catholic population whose color or personal inclination makes it THE COLORED CREOLES OF LOUISIANA unnecessary for them to resort to the parish records or the courts in order to establish their racial identity. Among the colored Creoles of New Orleans are many who might, if they chose, follow the example of countless others and satisfy the law in Louisiana or the public talk elsewhere as to their whiteness, but, proud of a history without blemish and hopeful of a future worthy of a people conscious of their own strength, they prefer to remain one of the most unique parts of the cosmopolitan American whole. The products of a system of slavery far more humane in spirit, though often quite as bestial in its application, as was slavery in Georgia and Alabama, the Creoles are for the most part descended from people who had won their freedom before the Louisiana Purchase and recruited in considerable numbers from free slave-holding people of color who had emigrated from Santo Domingo with whites who could not remain in the empire of black Dessalines. These were the people who gave to the world Alexandre Dumas and other distinguished Frenchmen. For a time they found the soil of Louisiana congenial to their development, but they were more and more hampered and cramped by the increasingly repressive laws which, beginning- with the first American Governor, Claiborne, from Virginia, had at the outbreak of the Civil War reached the point of preventing a free person of color from walking in the streets without a permit. Nevertheless, these men were forced to enroll in the Confederate Army, but were happily soon to sacrifice their blood, as did the noble Captain Andre Caillouk at Fort Hudson, for a far worthier cause. Two complete regiments and officers for a third did they. form, under the command ol General Butler, defending the American flag as valiantly, and. as events have shown, with as little reward as they had received for their services at Chalmette in 1814. From the defeat of (he English in 1814 to the capture of New Orleans by General Butler, many of the free colored people of Louisiana had emigrated to Mexico and to Haiti. O f those who came to New York, a conspicuous example has recently been mentioned in the newspapers. Some went to France for their education and stayed there, as did the late Mme. Lamotte, directress of a young ladies' academy at Abbeville, and Edmond Dede, a black who for twenty-seven years directed the orchestra in the principal theatre in Bordeaux. Those who remained in Louisiana maintained their Societe Economique for the better classes, and the Societe des Artisans, some of whose members found time to compose verse while working at their trades or walking in the streets by the leave of the "superior" race. As early as 1832, Mme. Bernard Couvent, a pure black probably of African birth, bequeathed an estate for the education of orphans in an institution which exists today. Norbert Rillieux invented the "vacuum pan," an invaluable accessory in the manufacture of sugar. The brothers Lambert composed their music and played with Gottschalk in the Theatre d'Orleans. Eugene Warbourg, the sculptor, made his busts of local celebrities and executed his bas-reliefs of Uncle Tom's Cabin for an English duchess. Dr. Roudanez founded his daily Tribune. Lafon, Mary, Mercier and others did so well in business that they were able to devote large sums to philanthropic purposes. And the Citizens' Committee, founded in 1890, has fought a seemingly hopeless fight against every effort to curtail the libertics of people who cannot or d o not want to be "white." For the spirit of the Creole is expressed in the words of M. Desdunes in his book "Nos Hommes et Notre Histoire ;"* "We believe that it is nobler and more worthy to fight at all hazards than to appear passive and resigned. Absolute' submission increases the power of the oppressor and casts doubt upon the feeling of the oppressed." • Arbour &amp; Dupont, 419 St. Paul Street, Montreal. Price one dollar. ANNUAL MEETING THE Annual Meeting of the Asso • ciation was held on Monday, January 3rd, in the Assembly Room of the Society for Ethical Culture, New York City. The following directors to serve three years were elected: Mr. George W. Crawford, New Haven; Bishop John Hurst, Baltimore; Mr. Paul Kennaday, New York; Mr. Joseph Prince Loud, Boston; Dr. William A. Sinclair, Philadelphia; Mr. Arthur" B. Spingarn, New York; Air. Charles H. Studin, New York; Miss Lillian D. Wald, New York; Rev. G. R. Waller, Springfield, Mass.; Mr. Butler R. Wilson. Boston. The reports of officers will be printed in the March CRISIS. ANNUAL CONFERENCE THE annual conference has been changed from February 12th and will be held during the week of February 20th. PRIZE CONTEST RETURNS from the Prize Contest amounted to almost rive hundred dollars. The branches winning prizes were Pittsburgh, .Northern California, Des Moines and Providence. Pittsburgh rolled up the largest membership, winning the Grand Prize, a scholarship of two hundred dollars offered for the year 1916- 17 in any American institution of higher education above high school grade to which the candidate chosen is eligible, the candidate being a boy or girl selected by the successful branch on the basis of character and scholarship. With its enrollment of six hundred, Pittsburgh now; ranks third among our branches, although it is one of the youngest m ST. LOUIS THE St. Louis Branch is about to file an injunction suit through its attorneys, Messrs. Phillips and Vaughn, to enjoin the Board of Election Commissioners from holding an election on February 29th for the segregation of colored people provided for by initiative petition. The basis of the suit will be the contention that the constitution of the State of Missouri does not allow the people of St. Louis to legislate by means of initiative; therefore, any ordinance enacted by the initiative will be invalid. That the attorneys of the branch are correct in their contention is the opinion of some of the best legal minds of St. Louis who hold with them that the initiative and referendum provisions in the new charter adopted by St. Louis by special election in 1914 are invalid and not granted the city under the state constitution. Among the attorneys who concur in this opinion are former City Counselor, Chas. W. Bates, and Messrs. Schnurmacher and Judson &amp; Green. The Board of Aldermen has held up the bill appropriating over $73,000 to pay the expenses of the special election •to submit the question of segregation and has adjourned for two weeks. According to the St. Louis Republic, Mr. Wayne F. Wheeling, Secretary of the Mutual Welfare Association, the organization which is endeavoring to segregate colored people, was placed under arrest charged with using seven hundred dollars of the funds of the organization. OFFICERS AT the January meeting of the N. A. A. C. P. the following officers were elected : National President, Mr. Moorfield Storey Vice-Presidents: Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, Rev. John Haynes Holmes, Mr. John E. Milholland, Mr. Archibald H. Grimke, Mis- Mary	 White Ovington. Chairman of the Board of Directors, Dr. J. E.	 Spingarn. Director of Publications and Research, Dr. W. E. B. DuBois TH E "JIM-CROW" CAR 195 Treasurer, Mr Oswald Garrison Villard. Temporary Secretary, Miss Mary White Ovington. The resignation of Miss May Childs Nerney as secretary was received "with deep regret. When Miss Nerney joined the Association we had four branches and three hundred members. At present we have sixty-three branches and locals and nearly ten thousand members. No small part of this increase has been due to Miss Nerney's energy and devotion." THE "JIM-CROW" CAR AN N. A. A. C. P. INVESTIGATION, PART III. Ey T. MONTGOMERY GREGORY W HA T of long-distance travel? ™ What accommodations are provided colored persons for sleeping and dining on these trains in the South.'' Are there any Pullman accommodations ? Let us see. Dr. N and his wife of a southern city not far from Washington are leaving to attend Dr. B. T. Washington's funeral. The doctor telephones to the ticket agent for a sleeping-car reservation to Montgomery, Alabama, and is informed that it will be reserved for him. He reaches the station with his wife in time to make the train and presents his dusky face at the agent's window for the tickets. He is told that some error has been made, that the berths are all taken. At that moment a white man requests a berth and is given one, whereupon the doctor insists thai his reservations be given him. The agent grows purple and hisses, "Now, look here, you know damn well we don't put any niggers to sleep with white people down here. Go into the THE CRISIS colored coach where you belong." And so this gentleman and his wife are first insulted and then compelled to face a long and sleepless journey in a vermin-breeding "Jim Crow" ark. This incident may be looked upon as a fairly typical experience in any Southern city. I was leaving New Orleans on my return trip North in September. I have before me a continuous ride of two nights and a day. I went to the office of the Queen and Crescent road on Camp Street and requested passage to Washington. The clerk at first made out regular Pullman reservations and then just as he was about to hand them to me, he asked, "Are these for your own use?" I replied that they were, whereupon he underwent a series of nervous chills which ended in his running to the rear of the office and returning with nothing but the mileage book. He was "very sorry," etc. Thus I bunked in the usual "Crow" coach. We left New Orleans at 7:30 Monday evening, reached Birmingham at 6:30 in the morning, Chattanooga at 10:35, and Washington at 7:30 Wednesday morning. The coaches were dirty, uncomfortable and without any decent toilet or washing facilities. Several of my students happened to board the train at Lynchburg and so completely disguised was I by layers of coal-dust and by a thirty-one hours' growth of beard, that they failed to recognize me! I arrived in Washington feeling like old Rip Van Winkle, except that he had twenty years of sleep and I had been without any for two nights and a day! Of course not the least of my wretchedness was due to my enforced fast since leaving New Orleans. Like my white brother in the Pullman ahead. I brought no lunch with me, with the result that coca-cola had been mv chief diet. The stop-overs at the stations were not long enough to procure food at the stations if any were provided there for Negroes. It is not sufficient to say that I could have taken food with me or that T should have lived on grapes and peanuts for thirty-six hours. If I am to have equal accommodations I should be able to secure palatable food served in a proper manner. It can be flatly stated that it is impossible, except in special and isolated cases, for Negroes to get dining car privileges south of Washington, and thus their comfort and health are jeopardized. There was one other incident of this trip from New Orleans that illustrated not only the inconveniences of "Jim Crow" travel, but its inhumanity as well. At a station in Virginia, about mid-night, a group of men and women carried a bundled figure into the dirty, cold, congested car in which I sat and laid their huddled burden upon the rear seat. It was a Negro woman in a dangerous physical condition being carried to a hospital. She required the best of attention and should have been in the Pullman car; but there she lay crumpled upon the seat, a pathetic object lesson of "man's inhumanity to man." These are normal instances of longdistance travel in the South. "Niggers" are generally treated like cattle, no sleeping or eating accommodations being made on the trains for them at all. Because I have heard some statements to the contrary, I want to state emphatically that Negroes cannot secure Pullman reservations south of Washington. This naturally does not include persons who can pass for white, or who wear heavy veils, or who secure their tickets in round-aboutways. It is possible for a particular Negro to buy Pullman tickets because of a personal relationship with officers of the roads. The point is that these are all exceptional cases. We are not considering these conditions from the standpoint of the favored few. but of the majority of the race. . Furthermore, when individual Negroes have been able to secure Pullman accommodations, they have not been protected by the officials of the roads in their use of them. The press is continually publishing accounts of cases where members of the race have been dragged out of their berths and barbarously ousted from the Pullman coach. In most, cases it is quite clear THE "JIM-CROW" CAR 197 that the action has been incited by the white train officials, for the mob is usually composed of the occupants of the white day-coach, who could only know of the Negro's presence in the sleeper by word from the conductor or other train hands. A typical instance of this kind occured to one of our most representative men, Grand Chancellor of the Knights of Pythias, S. W. Green, of New Orleans. This story is worth repeating. He writes: "After a hard, arduous labor at the Grand Lodge session at Ocala, Fla., and holding many sessions all night and day, I was very much tired out upon my return to Jacksonville, Florida, and in order to avoid any appearance of a desire to oppose public sentiment, I tried to comply with the spirit as well as the letter of the law, by paying extra fare for the drawing room from Jacksonville to New Orleans, and felt myself secure as being entirely separate from the white passengers, without any need of being in their presence, as I kept the door closed at all times. To my surprise, when the train arrived at River Junction, Florida, en route to this city, I was informed by the conductor of the sleeping car that expressions from some of the white persons at the depot at River Junction were decidedly against my occupying even a drawing room in the Pullman car. I then readily consented to abandon the drawing room and go into the day coach in order to avoid trouble. "On my arrival at DeFuniak Springs, Florida, a large crowd of seemingly irresponsible young white men and boys gathered on the outside of the coach and were pointing to me while I sat in the day coach for colored passengers. Just before arriving at Milton, Florida, I was informed by some of the train crew that a mob was being formed for the purpose of taking me from the car, although I was then in the day coach. Upon my arrival at Milton, Florida, the crowd discovered me in the day coach, and some one claiming to have a warrant for my arrest caught hold of my hand and I went with him out of the coach, and the train pulled out. A crowd of about 17 or 18 persons surrounded me, with one large man on each side 0f me holding each hand, and accompanied me from the depot to th e town, where they carried me to th e jail and interviewed me. After learning my name, residence, and th e position 1 occupied, and the duties I was called on to perform, the crowd seemed to become somewhat appeased and I was placed in jail by the deputy, Mr. Martin. The next morning I was carried before a justice of the peace and allowed to plead guilty to a misdemeanor and fined $25.00 and costs for violating the 'Jim Crow' law. "1 wish to add that for the past five years I have travelled to and from Jacksonville, Florida, over the same road every year, occupying Pullman berths or drawing room, and without any molestation on the part of any person, and have frequently while travelling gotten off the train and greeted my friends and acquaintances and went back to the seat or drawing room in the Pullman car. The trouble seemed to have started when the train conductor inquired as to how I came into possession of the ticket for the berth and when he was informed, stated that he had been in charge of the trains over that road for the past 17 years and had never seen a colored person occupy space in the Pullman car. It seems that some one among the train crew had inflamed public sentiment to such an extent that persons in the several towns on the road decided that I should not occupy space in the Pullman car. It is a sad commentary on the boasted American claim of justice and fair-play, that a citizen decently clad and complying with all the requirements of the law, will not be allowed to travel on account of necessity, in a comfortable way, when willing to pay for such accommodations as the public transportation companies may afford." It is clear then that the general treatment accorded to Negroes on the "Jim Crow" cars by the subalterns of the road is discourteous, rude, and humiliating. Such treatment renders travel for the girls and women of the THE CRISIS race extremely distasteful and hazardous. It is likewise evident that no provisions whatsoever are made for sleeping accommodations and practically none for dining. These reprehensible conditions, taken in conjunction with the situation as to the "Jim Crow" coaches themselves, as pointed out in my previous article, cry aloud to heaven for relief. They are unnecessarv. intolerable, and inhuman. The Negro asks for no special favors, he only demands the equal accommodations which have been guaranteed him. In the following articles the "Jim Crow" waiting rooms in the railway stations will be considered and the legal aspects of the situation presented. THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY Green. Georgia ...Murder ACCORDING to the CRISIS records E. Palmer, Georgia Murder there were ninety-four persons • , Mississippi Stealing lynched in the United States during the , Mississippi. Entering girl's room year 1915, as against seventy-two in 1914. R. Healy, Arkansas Murder Of those lynched fourteen were white July, 8. P. Jackson, Georgia Murder and eighty were colored. The record of W. Fox. Arkansas Murder Negro lynchings is as follows: T. Collins, Louisiana Wounding J. Jackson. Georgia Concealing fugitive COLORED MEN LYNCHED IN" 1915. P. Fambrough, Georgia... Concealing fugitive January. 10. • , Mississippi Threats E. Smith. Alabama Murder , Georgia ? W. Smith, Alabama Murder W. Stanley, Texas Murder P. Morris, Georgia Murder August, 10. D. Barber, Georgia Resisting arrest E. Berry, Oklahoma Rape J. Barber. Georgia Resisting arrest ; — Fox, Alabama Shooting officer Miss Eula Barber, Georgia. . .Resisting arrest H. Russell. Alabama Poisoning mules Miss Ella Barber, Georgia.... Resisting arrest K. Jackson, Alabama Poisoning mules E. Johnson. Mississippi Stealing E. Russell. Alabama Poisoning mules H. Dealy. Alabama Wounding J. Riggins, Georgia Rape D. Hartley, Alabama Burglary W. Leach, Florida Rape February, 6. K. Richmond. Texas Murder W. Reed, Florida Rape J. Richmond, Texas Murder A. Hill, Mississippi Murder . Louisiana Rape IT. Robinson, Mississippi Murder September, 4. J. Richards. Florida Improper note M. Wilson, Tennessee Tn woman's room B. Grayson. Texas Murder A. Washington, Oklahoma. Improper proposals • . Florida Stealing L. Rudd, Missouri Robbery March. 3. G. Thompson. Florida Disrespect P. Goodson. N. C Living among whites Mrs. T. Perry. North Carolina ? October, t. Child of Mrs. Perrv, North Carolina ? • . Mississippi Murder April. 5. November. 2. A. Wells, Georgia Insult J. Taylor. Mississippi Shooting at Sheriff I. Green. South Carolina Robbery E. Buckner, Kentucky Robbery Miss P.riley. Arkansas December, 14. T. Brooks. Tennessee Murder W. Patrick. Arkansas Murder C. Sheffield, Georgia Theft Mrs. C. Stephenson, Miss. Her son burned a barn May. 2. , Virginia Looting V Kinley, Texas Murder S. Bland, Georgia Murder I Hatch, Alabama ....Assault W. Steward. Georgia Murder Tunc. iq. J. Nimrod, Florida ...Rape II. Moshy. Mississippi....' ? .* Georgia Murder A. Bell, Kentucky Rape , Georgia Murder T. Green. South Carolina . Georgia Murder . Mississippi Note to a girl , Georgia Murder V. Stephens. Georgia Rape . Georgia Murder J. Smith. South Carolina Rape , Georgia Murder S Thomas, Georgia Murder • , Georgia Murder W. Gordon. Georgia Murder . Georgia Mtinier S. Farrar. Georgia Murder A. Green. Georgia Murder * In Leesburg and Early Co.. Ga. BROTHERS BY STATES. METHOD OF TORTURE. GeorgiaMississippiAlabama 29 11 9 Tennessee Kentucky LouisianaFlorida 6 OklahomaTexas 5 MissouriArkansasNorth Carolina. . 4 3 VirginiaSouth Carolina... 3 Total BY ALLEGED CRIMES. Murder Stealing Rape and attempted rapeResisting arrestAssaultImproper advances to womenUnknownThreats and insultsPoisoning mulesConcealing fugitivesMiscellaneous TotalBY SEX. Men 74 ChildWomen 5 2 Hanged 2 Shot 2 WHITE 2 Murder 1 By Night1 Stealing —. COLORED8o r88s 32 1886 9 1887 9 1888 6 1889 3 1890 5 18916 1892 3 1893 3 1894 2 1895 -. 2 18961897 80 1898 1899 1 1900 1901 71 Drowned 1 3 Burned at the stake 5  MEN LYNCHED IN 1915. 7 Rape 2  Riders. 2 Wife beating 1 2  MEN LYNCH ED BY YEARS, 1885-1915.  78 1902 86  71 1903 86  80 1904 83  95 1905 61  95 1906 64  90 1907 60 121 1908 93  155 1909 73  154 1910 65  134 1911 63  112 1912 63  80 1913 79  122 1914 69  102 1015 80 84  107 Total 2,812  107 BROTHERS By JAMES WELDON JOHNSON See! There he stands; not brave, but with an air Of sullen stupor. Mark him well! Is he Not more like brute than man? Look in his eye! No light is there, none, save the light that shines In the now glaring, and now shifting orbs Of some wild animal in the hunter's trap. How came this beast in human shape and form ? Speak man!—We call you man because you wear His shape—How are you thus?' Are you not from That docile, child-like, tender-hearted race Which we have known three centuries? Not from That more than faithful race which through three wars Fed our dear wives and nursed our helpless babes Without a single breach of trust? Speak out? I am, and am not. Then who, why are you? I am a thing not new, I am as old As human nature. I am that which lurks, Ready to spring whenever a bar is loosed; •The ancient trait which fights incessantly Against restraint, balks at the upward climb ; The weight forever seeking to obey The law of downward pull,—and I am more : The bitter fruit am I of planted seed, The resultant, the inevitable end Of evil forces and the powers of wrong. Lessons in degradation, taught and learned, The memories of cruel sights and deeds, The pent up bitterness, the unspent hate Filtered through fifteen generations have Sprung up and found in me sporadic life. In me the muttered curse of dying men, On me the stain of conquered women, and Consuming me the fearful fires of lust, Lit long ago by other hands than mine. In me the down-crushed spirit, the hurled- back prayers Of wretches now long dead,—their dire be quests,— In me the echo of the stifled cry Of children for their bartered mothers' breasts. 200 THE CRISIS I claim no race, no race claims me; I am No more than human dregs; degenerate; The monstrous offspring of the monster, Sin; I am—just what I am—The race that fed Your wives and nursed your babes would do the same To-day, but I— Enough, the brute must die! Quick! Chain him to that oak! It will resist The fire much longer than this slender pine. Now bring the fuel! Pile it 'round him ! Wait 1 Pile not so fast or high! or we shall lose The agony and terror in his face. And now the torch ! Good fuel that! the flames Already leap head-high. Ha! hear that shriek! And there's another wilder than the first. Fetch water! Water! Pour a little on The fire, lest it should burn too fast. Hold so ! Now let it slowly blaze again. See there! He squirms, he groans, his eyes bulge wildly out, M Searching around in vain appeal for help. Another shriek, the last! Watch how the flesh Grows crisp and hangs till, turned to ash, it sifts Down through the coils of chain that hold erect The ghastly frame against the bark-scorched tree. Stop! to each man no more than one man's share You take that bone, and you this tooth; the chain Let us divide its links; this skull, of course. In fair division, to the leader comes. And now his fiendish crime has been avenged; Let us back to our wives and children.— Say, What did he mean by those last muttered words, "Brothers in spirit, brothers in deed are we"? BROUGHT TO LIGHT By J. T. CROSSLAND DURING the summer of 1904 I was sent to Nashville, Tennessee, as a mechanical instructor by the firm that I was employed by. I was very glad of the chance, as I had never been South before, and 1 wanted to learn something of how the people really live down there. So I spent my time after work hours to study the nature of the condition in the South between the two races, namely, the black and the white. I would talk freely with both races to try and get what I was really after. 1 was especially interested in rape crimes, which I hoped to get a clear insight to, as I could not see how- black men could so often put themselves in a position to be lynched. Well, on one beautiful afternoon in August while I was lounging around looking for what I could get hold of, a report came that a Negro had committed rape on Lillian Hays, a white girl. The news flashed like lightning and in a very short time there was a mob collected of about five hundred and a posse with the bloodhounds took up the chase for the Negro who had committed the crime, while a friend of mine said to me, "Come along and go, for there is going to be a coon hunt." I, being anxious to see what a coon hunt was like, readily agreed, and we went to the livery stable and hired a pair of saddle horses and fell in line with the mob and for miles and miles the chase kept up over the hills and through the woods and swamps until near night there the culprit was located. He had taken refuge in an old barn made of logs down by the hillside. When the mob was certain that they had found the man that they were looking for the barn was then surrounded to make sure that he could not make his escape. Then bon-fires were made and the posses were stationed around and a few sent inside of the barn to get the coon out of his den. Now the search was on, for the barn was full of THE LETTER BOX 	201 hay, which made the task of locating the vagabond very difficult. But this mob would not let a little thing like hay stand in its way, though their progress was hindered. Finally they pounced upon their prey, yelping for his life. He was brought out bound and made ready to be lynched. Then there was a sudden halt in the preparation and a hush came over the frenzied mob. There was a whispering through the crowd and a cringing of necks, and the mob that had been crying "lynch him" a few seconds ago now had ghastly looks on their faces. Then the mob began to disperse one by one and their captive was let loose, and he went his way a free and unharmed man. A crime had been committed and the criminal brought' to justice by the mob, but still he was not lynched. The reason way that while the mob was binding the culprit his shirt was torn and it was found out that he was a white man with bis face and hands blackened, and on further examination it was found out that he was John Hays, Lillian Hays' own dear uncle. Now , my curiosity having been satisfied, I then turned to my comrade and said, now I see why so many Negroes are accused and lynched for crimes in your Southland. When a crime is committed you go in search of the guilty party, then voir come across some scared Negro who has been frightened from the coming of the mob. Then and there he is caught and lynched, and maybe you will say after it has been done that he was not the guilty man. But in this case the guilty man was brought to light. THE LETTER BOX THE January number of THE CRISIS ( from that saddening cover to the terrifying picture of the burning of Will Stanley), is full of promise for good work to be done during the year 1916. WILLIAM R. FISHER, SWIFTWATER, P.\. I read the current issue of THE CRISIS with great interest. I thought that your estimate of the late Dr. Booker T. Washington was fair, impartial and judicial. You recognized him as a remarkable personality and appreciated the great services which he rendered to his race and country. At the same time, you pointed out where he erred on the wrong track. WILLIAM H. FERRIS, HARTFORD, CONN. Those were admirable articles on the two men Benson and Washington. CHARLES F. DOLE, JAMAICA PLAIN, MASS. When the December number of THE CRISIS came I was much distressed at the article on Booker Washington. It seemed strange that the editor should have accepted such an article. It was evidently written by one who was not capable of appreciating the greatness of Mr. Washington's character, and more than that, it sounded as though the writer was jealous of Mr. Washington's reputation. The day I read that article I read the one in the OUTLOOK which showed a fairer estimate of that remarkable man. ALICE S. TINKHAM, BOSTON, MASS. Do not be discouraged. You have touched a chord whose sound and vibration will be beard and be in motion because of its eternal truth long after these torn toms of race morality, race industry and consequent race commercial value are silenced. I fear Mr. Washington dead may be more harmful than when living. These whites who would see the colored man docile and content feel that they must redouble their expressions and efforts as pledged to Mr. Washington. S.	 D. BROWN, CHICAGO, ILL . THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Is Your Insurance Temporary ? When you get insurance, do you want protection as a temporary matter or as a permanent arrangement? In other words, do you want your insurance to be all right while you are living and questionable after you are dead? I am sure you do not. From the very nature of things, a life insurance contract is one which is completed, in most cases, after you are gone. In getting insurance, therefore, no matter how large or how small the amount, you want to feel certain now and continually that the contract will be carried out immediately and exactly as promised. In view, therefore, of the large amount of fraternal insurance carried by our people a word along this line is in order. No one can deny the immense amount of good that the secret societies have accomplished in the payment of death benefits, in the accumulation of funds and the stimulation of saving among our people. But the fact nevertheless remains that any form of insurance which is not based on right lines will sooner or later come to grief. The assessment insurance company or the sick benefit insurance company or the secret society endowment department has an average life time of not more than twenty years and many have far less. Think right now of the number of flourishing secret orders and assessment societies that you knew, say, ten years ago. How many are in existence to-day? Mighty few. The Knights of Honor, the Ancient Order of United Workmen, strongest among the white orders; the True Reformers, the Masonic Benefit Association of Mississippi, the Odd Fellows of Alabama, giants among colored organizations in their day, have all met the same fate. Their methods were the same and their methods were all wrong. The difference between assessment insurance and legal reserve insurance briefly stated is that the former waits for death losses to ensue and then attempts to collect from the remaining members in order to pay the claim; the legal reserve company scientifically computes its losses in advance and collects from every person in advance the pro rata cost of all the death losses which will occur in any given year. Now which is safer: to collect beforehand and to have the money waiting for the claim, or to take a chance on collecting afterward and to have the claim waiting for the money? Think it over carefully. The above statement answers the question which you have felt, when the life insurance company paid your claim within a few days, whereas, the secret society waited "until the end of the quarter.' Incidentally, the cost of a Standard Life legal reserve policy may be a little more but the safety is 1ooo per cent greater. We car, tell you in detail about your individual case if you send the information in the coupon. Our $250.00 policy in all standard forms is particularly attractive to men who want only the protection which the secret order gives. Please \ send me \ STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. particulars about insurance 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Amount $. Sex Capital Fully Paid --- $100,000.00 Age OVER TWO MILLION INSURANCE IN FORCE Weight . . . \ Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Occupation Name .. . . HEMAN E. PERRY, President Address . . HARRY H. PACE, Secretary (C. Feb., 1916) Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 203 IMPORTANT BOOKS BY NEGROES Nearly a quarter of a century has passed since the Neale house was founded. While hundreds of its publications are in active circulation, none are more vitally important than its works that relate to the Negro and his problems, which constitute a library in themselves. Send for free descriptive catalogues and circulars. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. LEGER. Published in two editions: one in English and the other in French. M. Leger is a man of letters and the author of several well-known works. He is a man of public affairs, a statesman, who formerly served as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. $3.20 by mail is the price of each edition. The Nation, New York: "Haiti, at last, has a champion who is entitled to be heard; for he speaks from fulness of knowledge, and from a position of political eminence sends forth no uncertain sound. It is not too much to say that the latest book on Haiti is also the best that has ever appeared respecting the so-called 'Black Republic.' Minister Leger has struck a new note, for, unlike others who have written on the subject, he places himself against a veritable wall of facts, and not only wards off the blows that are aimed at his country, but takes the aggressive against her critics." The Facta of Reconstruction. By MAJOR JOHN R. LYNCH, U . S. A. Fourth thousand. Major Lynch was made temporary chairman of the Republican National Convention of 1884, and presided over that convention during the whole of the first day and a part of the second. He was nominated as temporary chairman by Henry Cabot Lodge, and his nomination was seconded by Theodore Roosevelt and George William Curtis. After his terra in Congress, Lynch served as Fourth Auditor of the Treasury. In this his first book, written with extraordinary force and with unusual clarity, he boldly justifies Reconstruction. $1.65 by mail. Chicago Tribune: "This book is perhaps the most important contribution which has been made by any political writer during recent years to the political literature of the reconstruction era." Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By JOHN H. REED, D.D., K.C. With an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. Christian Recorder, Philadelphia: "The book is filled with splendid idealism, and presents a fine argument, which in this day of compromises for the present exigencies may not be heeded." The Black Man's Burden. By WILLIAM H. HOLTZCLAW. Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Miss. With an introduction by Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. Boston Herald: "The book will stir the sympathetic emotions of its readers as his story stirred Bostonians when he told it here several years ago. The story of this devoted young man is of intense interest, not only as an account of great accomplishment despite apparently overwhelming obstacles and repeated discouragements, but as giving a close view of the character of the colored people of the far South, their shortcomings, their inherent virtues, and their ambitions." Redder Blood. By WILLIAM M. A'SIIBY. The Negro in America has produced but little imaginative work other than poetry, lie has tuld his story by other mediums, which seemed to him, perhaps, better^ than prose fiction. Mr. Ashby, a Yale man, is a Negro, and "Redder Blood" is a novel of his race, and of the present time. There are situations in it that reach the acme of legitimate dramatic intensity. $1.00 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa. By GEORGE W . ELLIS, K. C, F. R. G. S.; recently, and for eight years, Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia; author of "Liberia in the Political Psychology of West Africa," "Islam as a Factor in West African Culture," "Dynamic Factors in the Liberian Situation," and other works. Profusely illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Pittsburgh Sun: "In this thorough study of Negro social conditions in Africa lies a revelation for those to whom the African Negro has meant only the savage. Here is revealed a social system, a religious tradition, a craftsmanship, and, most astonishing of all, a written language other than primitive. Especially interesting are the maxims and the fables translated from the Vai tongue, with their picturesque simplicity and ingenious wisdom." Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By KELLY MILLER, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Dallas News: "The author is a cultured man, a forceful and most pleasing writer, interesting from the first sentence of the first chapter to the close of the book." Chicago News: "The book is written with great ability, in English quite free from fault, and its logic is fairly inexorable." New York Evening Post: "As admirable for its calmness and good temper as for its thoroughness and skill." Out of the House of Bondage. By KELLY MILLER. Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University. $1.65 by mail. Boston Transcript: "Written in a clear and decisive style, with a comprehensive and convincing command of the subject. He neither denounces nor condemns; he analyzes and constructs possibilities upon the fundamental basis of human nature. No man of his race has so sure a power of pruning the fallacies with passionless intellectual severity from the pernicious arguments of the prejudiced demagogues." New Orleans Times-Picayune: "Those who arc interested in the study of the Negro can not ignore this volume. With many of its conclusions we can by no means agree, but it points in favor of a revised judgment on certain questions connected with the position or achievements of his race." Order through 440FourthAvenuenewYorkCity THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO.,or THE CRISIS,70Fifth Avenue Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN" An Unusual Novel Would you like to read an interesting story of the day when the Negro race will lead civilization? Then read The White Man's Burden 99 By T. SHIRBY HODGE Published by the Gorham Press, Boston PRICE $1.00. Postage 6 cents Can be had at the office of THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue "I have read this book with interest and recommend it to my friends. It has a fine lesson in its breast which is voiced in the concluding lines: 'The white man's burden is himself.' " W. E. B. DuBois. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during Spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now ! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Stree&lt; Chicago, Ill. The new TEACHERS efficiency era calls 1 IJ&gt;lVjIlLni3 modern way of for the selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia.. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. Rid your house of roaches with "Deli" Roach Powder 25c. and $1.00 BANEKER CHEMICAL CO. 809 N. Jefferson Ave., St. Louis, Mo. Agents Wanted ADVANCE STYLES 3 Months Ahead of FREE the Times Suits To Introduce Here we go again,break ing all records for new, nobby, ahead-of-the-time styles Be the first in your town to wear a suit that is ahead of the time. You can do it FREE. To introduce these styles quickly we will give you a complete suit free, and by your wearing it you can make THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Registers, Classifies and Recommends Teachers, Supervisors, Matrons and Office Assistants. Prompt Recommendations to School Authorities regardless of kind or location of position. Anything from Kindergarten to University. Write us freely. B. F. BOWLES, Manager, 2739 Converse Ave., EAST ST. LOUIS, ILLINOIS $50 to $100 a Week Drop U9a postal forouradvance bonk, select the styles you want and the cloth, and get Your Suit FREE Don't wait. Don't delay. Write right away. A postal Will do. We send everything the day your request is received. We pay ex press on everything. Get busy, dimply send us a postal with your name and address on it. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept. 251 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 205 Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 18 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY 11 ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by Effie T. Battle, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W. Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. Address: Okolona Industrial School, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK BOOKS! BOOKS! YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 W. 135th St., New York City WORLD'S FAMOUS NEGRO WRITERS Bargains in Rare Books Mail Orders Solicited SOUTHERN COLORED Evans Art Pianos and Players Factory to You $125 and up can be saved by my plan of — selling direct from my factory to you. I can save you from $125 to $250 on an Evans Artist Modol Piano or Player. Freight Paid The easiest kind of terms,week ly monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen. Jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. These are some of the reasons why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons. 30 DAYS FREE TRIAL We allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirely satisfied, we will take it back without any cost to you—you are the sole judge to decide, If you want to keep it, you may do so on our low factory wholesale price on most convenient terms. MUSIC LESSONS WITHOUT COST To every customer we will give a two years course of piano instruction free. Ask about our insurance plan. Write today. STORY &amp; CLARK PIANO CO. F. O. EVANS, Gen. Mgr., Dept. B 35 Chicago FOOTWEAR FIT TO WEAR —By Mail Fred Douglass Shoe for Men Phillls Wheatley Shoe for Women Write for Catalog Mail Order Department FRED DOUGLASS SHOE CO., Newport, R. I. Price only $2.25 express Made to order Special Offer to ad vertise our swell c1othes. The pants are splendidly tailored in newest style. Extra big peg Gaps FREE if wanteds Satisfaction guaranteed or your money back. Big Pay—Easy Work Be a "walking: advertisement" of our elegant, made-tomeasure clothes—It pays BIG. Agents! Make $35 to $65 a week right in your own Town. Part time or full time. We furnish Tailor Book with samples and full instructions FREE. Write us Today. THE CHICAGO TAILORS ASS'N. Dept. 21 615 So. Franklin St., Chicago TEACHERS' AGENCY Formerly TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY 1025 Boll Street, DALLAS, TEXAS Recommends teachers to Colleges, Universities, School Boards and School Authorities. Write for information. R. O. GOTHARD , Manager Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $60 A WEEK AND THIS FREE AUTOMOBILE EVERY AGENT CAN GET AN AUTO FREE NO CONTEST Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to ad vertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years- the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no water works needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella, pelf- emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 days. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got $1600 date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, NO capital. Tour credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitions, yon must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG. CO. 4039 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO 100 Visiting cards or 100 of any of the following: AV v business cards, envelopes, note, letter or bill heads, or 25 sheets of paper and envelopes neatly printed to your order for 25 cents postpaid. G. Y. MYERS &amp; SON, 1958 52nd Street, Brooklyn, N. Y. i Parlor Big Entertainer^ tricks and Games, 310 Jokes and Riddles, 73 Toasts, 15 Card Tricks, 4 Comic Recitations, 3 Monologues,Check ers, Chess, Dominoes, Fox and Geese, 9 Men, Morris. All 10 CENTS POST PAID. J. C. DORN, 709 So. Dearborn Street, Dept. 75. Chicago, Ill. A NEW WAY To GetYour Clothes Free ,A NEW PLAN TO MAKE BIG MONEY DURING YOUR SPARE TIME -Something- different — better, bigger, more liberal than any | offer ever made. Lower prices— ^better clothes—bigger cash profjits—Express paid on everything. Double Pay FREE clothes and cash profits be sides. We don't ask you to use .your cash profits for your r own clothes. Ours "is a new and better plan. An Extra Present with every order. Not a prize scheme. Choose what you want, work for it and get it besides your Cash Profits. Agent's Complete Outfit FREE, fifty-sixstylish, real cloth samples-fifty Fashion Plates. Inside wholesale prices. Everything FREE. Get into the big; money-making class. Just put your nam: on a post card and mail it to us today. I SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 172 .Chicago LEGAL DIRECTORY i . „. /Central 104-W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counsellor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney-at-Law Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 School Street , Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 W. 135th Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business Information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W . T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, Wilmington, Del. Mention TH E CRISIS PRINCE HALL Preacher, Race Champion, Abolitionist, Father of Negro Masonry One of the Great Figures in Negro History "The abolition of slavery; participation in the government upon terms and under conditions applicable alike to every other class of citizens; equality before the law; resistance to every form of encroachment upon the rights of black men; the education of Negro children; the right to be let alone; the iniquity of public insult: such was the platform of this Negro prophet who was born a whole century before Appomattox." The character and work of this great man have been admirably set forth in a new book of vital interest to Masons and laymen. The book is "Prince Hall and His Followers" The author is George W. Crawford, 33° Grand Master of Connecticut Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention THE CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 25 6 pages per r^rVj , • volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c. net Postage' extra "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS