The Freewoman , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The New Freewoman AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. No. 8 Vol. I. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER ist, 1913. Sixpence. Editor: DORA MARSDEN. B.A. CONTENTS. Page Tales for the Attentive. 141 The Angel Club. By the Chancellor. 144 Sympathy. By Caro. 145 On Interference with the Environment. By Steven T. Byington. 146 The Fool and the Wise Man. By Rebecca West. 147 Page Reviews. 149 Poems. By Skipwith Cannell. 150 Serial Story:— The Horses of Diomedes. By Remy de Gourmont. 151 (Ch. 7). The Bee. (Ch. 8). The Moors. Un Dialogue Dirisoire. By Richard Aldington. 154 Page Intermediate Sexual Types. By E. B. Lloyd. 155 Lego et Penso. By Benj. R. Tucker. 156 In the House of My Friends. By R. W. Kauffman. 157 In the Mirror. By Irene McLeod. 158 Correspondence. 159 TALES FOR THE ATTENTIVE. IN the mouth of an old quarry sat an aged crone. From before the birth of the first man she had been there. Men came to her to learn how to make tools. Ages back, she had made the first tool that ever was and this had been of so much use that she had been kept busy ever since, making and teaching men to make tools. She had been too busy to die, and the ages rolling past her had made her face older than the oldest stone. Nine layers of furrowed stone hid her face from the light, and a boulder which a glacier had scratched, buried her knees. Her girdle was the floor of the ancient sea. Her arms were gone, long since worn to the sockets. She did not now speak to common men : they looked hard at the stone veils which covered her face and learnt how. To scan her face there came an uncommon Youth : uncommon being he, who for that time, nourished the Fires a far-off sire had brought to Earth from Heaven. Eagerly and often the Youth came and searched her face, but saw no sign ; the motionless veils hung unchanged. A last time he came and vainfy searched, when, he being angered and unaware, the Fires flashed into his eyes and passed from thence, piercing into the gross texture of the stone shroudings. Invincibly they pressed through till, having passed the ninth thickness, they illumined to his eve what appeared to him as a light, moving. Faint, shifting, wavering, it baffled him. He called loud to the Fires in his heart. " Now, if I have cherished you, meet my needs even now." They heard and answered, and riveted the light which grew in power as his sight held it. He shaded his eyes and saw that the fierce sparkling came from a star which shone between the eyes of a face within, from whence there came to him a voice. "What dost thou seek?" it asked. "Thy teachings," he replied. " Why spell thy veils no sign for me?" "What need for signs have they who know?" "But I know not." "Thou hast the Fires." " I guard them." "Too well; thy fires are to be spent." "I have spent them." "But now, to search out me." "Wilt thou teach me?" "Not yet." "When?" "When I know that thine is not the dominion." " What dominion?" " Of the living." " Who art thou?" " I am Mind." "Why goest thou veiled in this dark heaviness?" "For my works, for the thing I do." " What is it thou doest thus ill?" "My work for men. I work even as I must, since what time I learnt to teach the weak, by cunning how they may destroy the strong." Nay ! but thou belicst thy works and those of men who learn of thee. The weak, with thee beside, are even as the strong. Weak men, with thee, establish empire on the earth ; they read the heavens and fix the stars; thev mount the air and ride the sea; pierce the darkness and split the light; they shoot the cloud and harness the tide; before them wild beasts, serpents, and dumb monsters of the deep have need to flee. They build ships and towers and cities. Men build themselves a kingdom, and win earths for toys, aided by thee." "Now see I thou art but a dazzled youth, deceived as others by these shows I make. The weak, even with me beside, are still the weak. If by trap and gin, I enable them to surmount the strong, it is still as the weak that they persist. I establish for them no escheat, whereby with victory the strong's strength may fall to them. In weakness they have prevailed, and in weakness they remain, the lords among the mean." "But though strength of Life be less, dost not thou, thyself, become the more? So much the more?" "My works are more, but I, Mind, am of one substance with that whereon I feed. I feed on Life's strength, increasing as it grows, yet when it declines, empowered to aid it nothing. In weakness, Life and Mind wither together. I have not power in aught to augment its substance. I can but play the schoolma'am, and, with pointing ferule, say 'Behold a marvel here, and here, meet to be to such and such of man's uses put'; and then with ill-booting assiduity contrive new needs to give my new found marvels relevance. Thus do I outrun my right commission, and as a too industrious serving-woman, for past benefits set in over great authority, will turn a household to confusion, diverting its true occupant from his own purposes to make occasion for the outrageous exercise of her great industry, so I, to make an audience attentive to my discoveries, do divert men from their lives' sole meaning. Their attention gained, I lay them bare my raree-show and levy toll of their amazement. Its appointment is timed of my activity. Like children, open-eyed, before a showman's booth, men gape at my performances. By use of light beyond proportion to their heat I conjure effects to which their powers of Life can give no tally. They see their vastness, and bow down." "But thy works are wonderful, no matter howso-e'er diverse from men's necessities." "Works? What works have men save one—the increase of their living potency? Long years ere man, the tableau of creation stood forth perfected : matter made and method taken, a magic panorama exhibited to the void. Works enough were there, with matter lent to manipulations multiple. But creation's miracle was other: not works but life; the living force which feels, can leap, and run ; the seeing eye, the swift foot, the fierce upspringing heart. Creation's latest comer is the miracle, and men's due wonderment is the living power in men. When I, to muster up the audience for my conjuror's tricks, my booth-man's spectacle, construct the engines which make Life in men beat low, what am I but as the dead resisting force which would press Life deathwards in the scale? Then do I that which it outstrips my power to remedy. Life I can evade, forestall, defeat, and can lay on it embargos: but not create, or increase. I can serve men's hour of weakness and be a shield, but as arbiter of choice in their hour of strength, I perforce must be Destroyer. For if I give men the wonders of the earth for toys and yet sap their living strength, what am I but a destroyer still? In the kingdom of the dead, the scaling tower and the level are as one. If with cunning skill, I make my engines race and soar, outspeed the eagle and the deer, and men crawl close to earth and hearts beat feebly there, what merits it? If eyes grow dim to read my lore, and courage fails and sap grows dry, to make meet subjects for my engines' uses, what do I? What do I but effect my own defeat? A little less of the living power and my cunning fails; and craft fails with it. All fails: for life greater than man's, already for man's sake my cunning has destroyed. Men were without the heart to brook companionship with the strong. Though the worm might live, the lion I removed. Now, the strong destroyed, they reign sole lords. What seems to raise its head in power to rival man, I deracinate. I, Mind, born to eke out his power's lack, serve his weakness still, and still engender it. That my uses may be perpetuate, man's weakness must be perpetual too. Too useful grown, with too much reverence earned I rule the kingdom I should serve at need. My power's uses need men's weakness and hence it grows. And my works grow with it. Their vastness is my monument and our common tomb; since, moving diverse ways round one circumference, the half-circle stretched, we meet at length in common doom." "And I? Why lettest thou the burden of thy presages fall on me?" "I speak to who may hear. That thou hearest is that thou hast the ear. Thine eye too still has the ancient virtue, and sweeping through the cunning signs I lay for men, pierced to me here. Thou art a Life-bearer: but over-well thou, too, hast learnt the ways of common men—their ways of fear—and guardest more than well the primal Fires. The Fire thou bearest is to be spent. He guards well who spends." "What wouldst thou I should do?" "Go forth and set free the fires. When all is spent, and in thy heart thou knowest thou art a conqueror, return to conquer me." He left her there. His face was become a man's. The power was in him, though how he knew not. Perhaps in the Fires. He would spend them. They should escape as they would. He stretched out his arms and flung back his head. The tight cord he had worn round his heart stretched and snapped. The lightning Fires leapt forth. They coursed through his limbs: the tendons stretched: the muscles tightened: a sharp tingling vivified the heavy flesh. It grew luminous with the inner fire. His stature heightened. Power surged up from within him. It poured in from without. Deep baths of air he drew in with his breath. His throat vibrated like a living column. He moved onwards. The vivid joy in his limbs coursed round his thighs as he walked. Swiftly he covered the ground. Swiftly he covered great leagues, swift as desire. A film dissolved from his eyes. They saw a new world, its colours new and wonderful. His scent picked out new perfumes. His hearing grew keen. As he went forward, in his path rushing headlong to meet him came a strange beast roaring, fierce, and horned like a bull. Its eyes were balls of fire; like fire its hot breath. They fought together. Slowly the beast's savagery gave way before him. He bore him to the ground and printed on him the seal of the conquered. And there, in the path, he left him, still living. He came to the edge of the land where cliffs high and stark chafed the sea. The sea moaned ceaselessly, a moan of human misery. It chilled the man's spirit. He took from his bare loins a girdle, the last remnant of the clothing of fear which was left him, and flung it far out beyond the breakers. When it reached the surface it swirled round as in a vortex, and was engulfed in the waters. Straightway the moan changed to the strong low chords of an organ, which swelled upwards in an anthem of glory. Its gladness and the sea's strong motions, drew him and he plunged far out into the waters. He found himself in his own mobile element. In its motion, its grace and the strength of its seething, he greeted familiars. He dived to look for the girdle, and saw it deep down, entwining a pallid human company. A sight too horrid for viewing, he rose towards the surface. As he rose he saw the black hulls of the ships sailing outwards. From each hull hung a girdle. He swam towards the shore, and arriving, shook himself free of the glistering liquid. Wearied he lay down. Above him, wheeled the strong white wings of the sea-gulls. Lulled by the swell of the ocean, he slept. In his sleep there came to him an old dream. At his heart was a fierce trouble. Its beat grew to a throbbing. Aspiration stronger than his limbs burst from it. He awoke and looked up through the blue ether: he knew he could fly. He stretched out his arms and lightly, without effort, he rose upward, borne aloft by his heart's aspiration. Swift and strongly he mounted, his eyes fronting the sunset. When its last rays had faded he was resting on the snow-covered peak of the mountain. Warm, proud glow of life amid surrounding death, he laughed to the stars in his strength. Because he was alive. Long, loud, deep, he laughed out into the dome of heaven, arresting the night and the silence. The tumult settled. The grey covered the glory. The beat of his heart dropped to a slow measure. In the calm and quiet he gave his limbs to the void. Gentle and silent, he drooped towards the valley. His foot met the earth. With calm heart he trod the flat road and at length stood at the mouth of the quarry. None sat therein. The veils were crumbled; the girdle split and jagged; the boulder like a shattered mould, broken; the dweller had departed. But there stood beside him One, as a forest of spears martial in aspect, clothed in radiance. He knew her by the star on her forehead. "You are Mind," he said, "I have delivered you." "I remain to be conquered," she said. She moved from him. He came up with her where the earth's bent back made a mighty ridge round the heavens. Behind was a great waste. Before, far-off, where the sun had set, in the plains lay the cities. He said again, "I have delivered you." She said, "You do not deliver me. You deliver yourself from my power. I am yet to be conquered." "How?" "By your strength, and desire; your strength against mine." The man shrank from her. The light hurt him. He feared her. She said again, "Many guardians of the Fires have stood here, fearing me as you. None have overcome me. Overcome of me, they have knelt to me here, and I have given them the kingdoms of the earth: I made them the shrunken possessors of extended dominions; as, if you fail, I will make you." "And if I do not fail?" "In you will be all strength . . . the kingdom, the power, and the glory. You will be a light to your own feet. . . . My star will fall to you ... when it falls it shall be to you as a sign. I am to be overcome . . . and devoured." He grappled with her. The light shocked his sight and his hands. Strong as light, with shoulder levelled with his, she pressed him. She showed him no mercy. Dizzy and faint, with joints become as water, he kept his hold. Dumb and spent he fought on, until the first grey streak of the morning. In the light of day, the fiercest dazzling faded. Hope came to him. The cool air of dawn brought the surge and glow he had known on the mountains. With passion of being, his grip hardened. A wild unseeing movement, and his night-long antagonist was pinioned. He laid his lips on her mouth and withdrew the breath from her. Wraith-like, she dwindled. Frailer and sparer, intangible at length, he sucked out the last vapours of her being. Drunk, his eyes closed, his head fell forward. The star dropped upon his hand. His arms were empty. He was alone. He sank to his knees, and touched the earth with his forehead. The risen sun gleamed on his bent neck. It was as a thing afar off. Slowly he was aware of a live tingling. He raised his shoulders: his hand held the jewel. He rose to his feet and stood upright, and gazed into the morning sun's splendour. He greeted its beauty and turned towards the cities. His limbs cast shadows before him. He raised his arm and placed the star on his brow, for a glory. Its light consumed the shadows. He strode from the ridge and came towards the cities. THE ANGEL CLUB. THE Editor of The New Freewoman has honoured me by a request to explain in these columns some of the aims of the Angel Club. Most likely I should have declined such a request from any other quarter, lest the explanation should be mistaken for a vindication or, worse, an invitation. The ugly human habit of proselytism is so engrained in most of us that it is not easy to keep clear of the degrading notes of controversy and advocacy. In The New Freewoman, however, overmen have at last found an organ in which they can express their views with some hope that intolerant philanthropists will not put down their heads like mad bulls and charge into the correspondence column with letters beginning—" I protest !" My first explanation must be that I speak only in my individual capacity. The Club is still without a formal constitution; because to frame one in any existing State would be to subject it to interpretation by the sort of promoted forensic bully in a full-bottomed wig, who would apply to our rules exactly the same principles as to the Articles of a swindling mining company or a parliamentary church. One of our most elementary objects is to substitute a superhuman jurisprudence, founded on the principle that we are honourable beings, who wish to treat each other well, for the human jurisprudence which proceeds on the principle that every citizen is a rogue, entitled to commit every species of dishonesty and violence not specifically interdicted by an Act of Parliament. Thus it is that the foremost item in our practical programme is the purchase or seizure of an island or oasis where we can enjoy the same measure of self-government as that still enjoyed by the republics of San Marino and Andorra, by the principality of Monaco, and by the Papacy within the walls of the Vatican. Should we succeed in this object we shall be a Sovereign Order, resembling in many respects the old Knights of Rhodes and Malta. We might conceivably accept the rank of vassals, paying tribute, to a really liberal suzerain, like the ex-Sultan Abdul Hamid, under whose protection the Christian monasteries on Mount Athos enjoyed almost the same privileges as the Papacy. But it would be useless to look for freedom under a tyrannical government like that of the United States, which would want to plant its officials in our midst, to invade us with railways, to revise our laws thirough its Supreme Court, and to legislate away our liberty and property unless we were able to outbribe Mr. Rockefeller and Mr. Carnegie. We have in fact been in negotiation with one or two governments, and this question of exterritoriality has hitherto stood in the way. The Sublime Porte seemed disposed to grant us a satisfactory firman, when the advent of the Young Turks, with then-Christian theories of liberty, equality, and fraternity, caused the matter to fall through for a time. The Prime Minister of another State in the Mediterranean showed himself personally sympathetic, and proposed to me an island famous in myth and history, which happened to be in the market. But he could hold out little hope that his democratic Chamber would assent to any restriction of its sovereign powers, although over an uninhabitable rock. There are, of course, many States under British protection which enjoy almost as much sovereignty in theory as we need stipulate for. But in practice the proudest ruler of a Native State enjoys less freedom than a gipsy camping in the New Forest. A spy of the bureaucracy, in the person of some polo-playing colonel whose moustache has endeared him to an adulteress at Simla, sits like a skeleton behind the musnud, and pulls the red tape strings. With the fate of the Boers before our eyes it would be folly for us to trust in the honour of Great Britain. It therefore looks as though we should have to occupy a suitable territory and prepare to defend it, whether against the international moneylenders who subjugated the Boers, or the fanatical monogamists who enslaved Utah. (I am not aware that any of our present members is in fact a polygamist, and I readily admit that, with a divorce law like that of some of the American States, we should enjoy a degree of freedom that would have dismayed Solomon. But I object in principle to having my marriage laws dictated to me by Greek monks of the fifth century.) The alternative is to engage in the wasteful and dreary labour of "converting" Christendom at large to some elementary notion of fairplay and decency. But the objection to this course is the extreme difficulty of producing a more effective plea than the Gospel, or organising a stronger propaganda than that of the Christian Churches already in existence. It took a more dramatic Sermon than any preached to-day to launch the movement which was so soon captured by the scribes and Pharisees. We have had too much of what Carlyle called "unperformed eloquence." What shall we do, he asks somewhere, with the man who makes an eloquent speech, and performs nothing of it? For my part it is much against the grain that I pen even these brief hints. I would rather let the Order demonstrate its character by its works. The literature of the subject is international. An organised revolt of intellect against the crushing dominion of the stupid classes has been preached almost simultaneously in Switzerland, Holland, Italy, Germany, England and America. All thoughtful minds are now awake to the fact that we are being drawn into the shadow of another Dark Age. Many proposals have been made as to the best means of resistance. The merit of our special policy is that it does not interfere with any other, and may serve to focus and concentrate the efforts of many who are now far apart. The vogue of Nietsche makes it necessary to distinguish between his ideal and ours. His Overman appears to be an atavistic reversion to the Berserker: indeed, the cult of Othin presents many resemblances to that of Dionysus. Our Overman has more in common with the "superior man" of Confucius and Mencius, and with the "little child" of Jesus, as distinguished from the fiery "saint" of Paul. In the meanwhile our name is not intended to denote that we are angels, but only that we have some higher pattern before our eyes than Humanity. "He who tries to behave like an angel will behave like a fool"—so runs the popular human sentiment. We at least shall cultivate more respect for Thales, even when his star-directed gaze betrays him into a ditch, than for the washerwoman who jeered at his fall. It is not the view of many of our adherents that a race of overmen or angels can be reached by the methods called eugenic, in our present state of ignorance and prejudice. In the course of the next thousand years it may be possible for us to educate a few minds up to the pitch needful for forming a sane judgment on the question. The prospect of compulsory legislation to create man after the heart of the present day bureaucracy can only fill the thoughtful mind with consternation. One benefit that may result from our example will be the break-up of al! this uniformity, and the recognition that humanity is not one species, but a genus, capable of developing many various types, each equally entitled to survive. The lessons of history and science point to another alternative, namely the evolution within humanity of distinct orders, rather than of superhuman or extra-human races. If we turn to the hive we see an order of sexless workers perennially reproduced by the sexual members of the community. There is a very close analogy between that phenomenon and the numerous experiments of the human society in the direction of celibate orders. The most successful experiment of the kind, so far, has been the clergy of the Roman Church; and we have much to learn from it in the way of example as well as warning. The lives of Carlyle and Ruskin afford recent and conspicuous instances of natural celibates, and the whole annals of genius point to the conclusion that genius is not hereditary, and that men and women of genius probably act most virtuously when they refrain from becoming parents. In the Middle Ages the clergy really served as the intellectual organ of society, and its gradual decline is plainly connected with its failure to remain so. It chose to trust in superstition instead of in science, as the means of retaining its political power, and perhaps the choice was a wise one at the time it was made. We shall do well, however, to profit by the lesson. We cannot make it too clear that we have no political ambitions. Our policy must be strictly defensive, and we must not let ourselves be lured by the cant of philanthropy into the exertion of power over others, against their will. Our motto in that respect may well be Milton's— "They also serve who only stand and wait." As an international Order, owing allegiance to no government except our own, we may be allowed to render useful service as peacemakers. There is already a tendency to resort to small neutral States like Switzerland for international arbitration. There is no reason why our territory should not become the seat of the Hague Tribunal, and perhaps the services of our members may ultimately be in request as arbiters in trade disputes. The laws of all civilised societies are based upon the principle that men have a right to be as dishonest as they can. We may set up a Court of Honour to adjust misunderstandings on the principle that each party wishes to do right. Apart from such prospects of outside usefulness, there are many objects clearly within our competence. We do not intend, of course, to repeat the mistake of Emerson and his fellows, by playing at being agricultural labourers. Our proper functions will be sufficient to keep us employed, and moreover to ensure the financial prosperity of the Order, Thus, we shall naturally aspire to create an international speech, of wider scope than that whose very name contains one letter which a third of mankind are unable to pronounce. We shall set up a free press for the production of works of science and literature. Our Club will have the character of a true University; not a mere aggregate of technical schools grouped round a decadent Church; but an exchange of knowledge, whereto genuine students may resort to teach and be taught by one another. We ought in time to edit the supreme encyclopaedia, and publish the supreme international review. It may be part of our task to act as an international literary agency with branches in all the great capitals of the world. Men of genius will bequeath their copyrights to us, as an endowment for the encouragement of genius, as soon as they see that we do not embezzle such trust funds, as the British nation has embezzled the Turner bequest, and other similar endowments have been misappropriated by other trustees. If we succeed in living up to these ideals, we shall not lack friends. Our danger will lie in the other direction. We can be a true democracy only on condition that we are a true aristocracy. Our door must be thrown open to Robert Burns; it must be firmly closed against King George III. Above all we must be beware of the crank, for we shall find the fool more dangerous than the knave. At the same time a broad distinction may be drawn between the members of the Order, its clients, and its guests. The government should be confined as far as possible to the childless, or we shall be dragged down by the strength of the hereditary tendency. The members of the Order should be elected on the ground of personal character, and wisdom and sincerity should be reckoned as indispensable qualifications. Genius should be the qualification of our clients. The vanity and jealousy almost inseparable from genius unfit some of its highest possessors for the responsibilities of government and administration. We must learn to give much to genius, and expect little in return. In the class of guests we may hope to include all but the ill-natured, the coarse and the mean. Such seem, to one mind at least, to be the tendencies, if not yet the fixed aims and objects of this movement. To me, and I repeat that it is only for myself that I am speaking now, it seems that the first step towards them is a new Crusade, to gain and keep another Holy Land. The Chancellor. SYMPATHY. "Come, tell me, for I want to be your friend." Thus, one eve you spoke to me . . and saved me, Not dreaming you were doing aught but lifting Just one slight, petty, burden of the day. If you could only see how you have raised me ! Those words, which were to you but few of many, Spoken to cheer the hopeless, sad, and sick, Have saved a soul from Hell. "I want to be your friend." If you could see the depths from which you raised me. But no, you would not understand, how could you? Your mind is pure—and sanctified by noble aims, And thoughts which ever strive to see how best To shed abroad the all-embracing love Which from that tender heart irradiates. In such a busy life no time is found To look on evil things, or grasp the motives Of a baser mind. And so, you could not understand, my dearest, How high those few soft words have lifted me. Caro. On Interference with the Environment. II.—THE CLASSES OF INTERFERENCE. MY thesis is that if one interferes with another's opportunity to utilize the resources of the world the injury is of the same class as an assault on the person or property. My reason for wanting to classify actions at all is the need of co-operation. I want to make what I can of my own life. For this it is essential that I should not run blindly into antagonism to my neighbours and exhaust my time and strength in such antagonism. So far as I can come to a friendly agreement with them by which I shall know which acts of mine they will resist and which they will not, it is an essential economy of strength that I should form such an agreement—which involves a classification of acts. So far as I wish to insist on doing any things which several of my neighbours wish to insist on resisting, it is still more essential that I should reinforce my strength by co-operation to such an extent as will enable me to beat my enemies. But for such co-operation a classification of acts is in the highest degree essential: if any set of men proposed to stand by me whatever I did, I should expect them to take their pay by more or less enslaving me to their league. To list the acts that I am willing to back and that I ask to be backed in, and see what sort of agreement I can make with those whose list is nearly the same as mine, seems more practicable. One of the greatest advantages of the defenders of the existing order over its upsetters is that the defenders have a workable agreement as to what they will defend. I desire to be one of the upsetters; but I do not see that I shall upset anything unless I can get the co-operation of enough others to constitute an upsetting force. And this won't work unless we can set down in black and white what we will co-operate in: if we depend merely on all being inspired by the same spirit of liberty, we shall find in the middle of our first undertaking that each of us is knocking out the wedges that his neighbour is driving in. 1 am attempting, therefore, to supply the indispensable prerequisite of any revolutionary movement by defining the objects to be attained. Of course experience will be the best teacher: but, as natural scientists know, in order to be taught by experience you need an antecedent theory on which you can inscribe experience's corrections—somewhat as Francis Bacon says that a council will make more progress by starting with a written proposal even ii they are destined ultimately to reject every point of that proposal. Besides, in those matters for which co-operation is necessary we shall never get so far as to have any experience if we do not first have enough of an agreed programme to carry us through the preliminary stages. It is an ordinary experience of humanity—and the most learned need not be so snobbish as to claim exemption—that a definition in abstract or general terms fails to convey so clear an impression as the citation of specific examples. Also, I am as much interested in seeing what particular things my principle will carry me to as in defining the principle itself. For both reasons I ask attention to a sample case and a bill of particulars. New York City begins to complain of Albany and Troy for sending sewage down the Hudson. New York is right. John Doe of New York, if he wants to bathe in the river that runs under his windows, or to sit by its side and smell fresh air, or to wash his floor with a bucket of its water, has a just claim to find that water free from artificial depravation. The fact that Richard Roe of Poughkeepsie has long been dumping his slops in that water does not affect the fact that every fresh dumping of those slops is a fresh assault on John Doe—no more than the antiquity of the Russian government establishes the rightfulness of the traditional methods of that government. The justice of Doe's claim is not dependent on the fact that there are a great many of his neighbours making the same claim, or that they are organised into a municipality, or that they hope to get a statute enacted in their favour. The importance of his claim is indeed greatly affected by the fact that the land where he lives is so crowded with neighbours as to leave hardly any place except the water for the satisfaction of that part of his personality which demands open-air life and nature; but even if he had at his back the primeval woods of Manhattan, or the farms of old New Amsterdam, the condition of his water-front would still be no negligible matter to him. So in any other case where natural resource is, in the absence of artificial restriction, free to all, any person who desires to use it is injured by anyone who bars him from its use, or impairs the resource or annexes an inconvenience to its use. By saying "free to all" I intend to side-step the land question : in an unappropriated country a garden-plot or mill-site is not free to all in the plural, but to anyone', it cannot be utilised by one and remain open to others at the same time. The land question calls for separate consideration. Since in many cases a man's convenience is greatly served by disregarding this principle, and in some cases the gain in convenience will amount to more than the injury it would seem desirable that the penalty should consist in a payment of actual damages to the injured; then a man would have the option of stopping his nuisance or paying for it. I think, however, that the men who say "The little damage this may do to anybody is of no importance compared to its usefulness in our business" would in most cases suddenly decide to stop the nuisance if they were presented with such a bill of damages as could be practically brought in if even half the aggrieved were associated to take joint action in the matter. The main particulars under this head, I think, would be pure air; pure water; right of way over such lines of travel as are indicated either by custom or by special intrinsic convenience; along such rights of way, light (the cutting off of natural light can in general be made up by artificial light, providing it is thoroughly done), the absence of such artificial glares as demonstrably cripple the eyesight either momentarily or permanently, and under some circumstances unscreened freedom of view; freedom from the artificial breeding of pernicious or annoying animal or vegetable life, such as flies, mosquitoes, hens that run in a neighbour's garden, weeds, disease germs. If it is shown that by keeping an unscreened manure-heap Roe breeds flies that are an annoyance to Doe, the question whether the flies carry disease is not relevant to the fact that here is invasion; it is only relevant to the size of the damages that may be claimed. The size of Doe's damages would be found by seeing how much of a nuisance the flies were to him (if it is agreed that they really are disease-carriers, then the fact of thus threatening him with disease is an injury whether actual disease results or not) and how large a part of his flies Roe contributed. If Doe, having first cleaned up his own premises, chose to claim damages from all fly-breeders in the neighbourhood at once, then the burden of apportioning the particular shares of his damage to the individual breeders ought to fall on the breeders and not on him; how far it could in practice be made to fall on them, I am not sure. If it is shown that the known prevalence of tetanus germs in the earth ol some special localities, such as Brooklyn, is a result of the burial of persons who died of that disease, then it is an injury to everybody in the neighbourhood to bury a victim of tetanus anywhere without either cremating or embalming. Another and a less clear application of this principle is to those acts which offend one of the physical senses. As to these, offences to touch and taste may be set aside because, so far as they can attach to the use of a natural opportunity open to all, they will follow the analogy of smell, sight, and hearing. The public generally regards a bad smell as a sign of unwholesomeness in air for breathing; this judgment is so commonly correct that it is neither practicable nor desirable to get the public in general to look at it otherwise; besides, the creation of a bad smell about (for instance) a highway, even if the smell is concededly harmless to health, bars everybody from using that highway except under penalty of a physical pain; the passer cannot escape this penalty by turning his nose another way as he passes. For these reasons an offence to smell should be treated on the same principles as a poisoning of the air, though of course the two injuries are not equal in seriousness. The last reason given under smell applies almost equally to objectionable sounds, except that the pain is commonly psychical rather than physical; and a nuisance of sound is apt to affect matters more important (according to current standards of importance; I do not know what other standards we can use) than mere comfort; so let hearing be treated like smell. There remains sight. I would say (setting aside actual dazzling as something else than a mere offence) that an offence to the sight should not be regarded as an assault on a man's right to a chance to enjoy the world. For, in the first place, an offence to the sense of sight is never (unless in the case of obscenity; of this later) an injury to anything but mere comfort; in the second place, it is more thoroughly impossible to define offence to the sense of sight than to define offences to any other sense; in the third place, the person who is offended by any sight has very often the option of shutting his eyes or looking elsewhere; in the fourth place, a requirement that one should not offend a neighbour's eyes would shackle a man's life quite intolerably if he had to look out for all the tastes that there are. Doubtless much of the above is not yet clear of the inconvenience of generalised language. Also, at many points in the list obvious difficulties suggest themselves. Hence in my next I will step further into details. Steven T. Byington. The Fool and the Wise Man. AMANCHESTER bookseller, provoked to articulateness by the Press on the subject of banned books, said surprisingly: "People in Manchester are very particular what they read. Hall Caine, H. G. Wells, and Corelli are not a bit more read than Arnold Bennett, Galsworthy and Hichens." Only by marrying that bookseller and by living with him for years could one come to the roots of this marvellous classification. He may have divined the common fate which undoubtedly lies before Mr. Caine and Mr. Wells. Their books get longer and longer: some day the parlour-maid, pushing back the study door against the rising tide of manuscript, will discover the distinguished author suffocated by the proof sheets of his new novel. And there is a tie between their latest productions. Both take the position of woman with an extreme seriousness which we must find very flattering. To us intellectuals "The Woman Thou Gavest Me" has a personal appeal which "The Passionate Friends" has not, for the heroine, Mary O'Neill, is undoubtedly drawn from Mrs. Beatrice Hastings of "The New Age." Her incapacity for forming friendships with her own sex and her extraordinarily rich emotional life constantly remind us of " Pages The Woman Thou Gavest Me. By Hall Caine. (Heinemann. 3/6.) The Passionate Friends. By H. G. Wells. (Macmillan. 6/-.) from an Unpublished Novel." She was naturally pure, blind-pure, and this quality was fostered by early upbringing in a convent, the atmosphere of which was perhaps all that could be expected of an institution whose Mother Superior had first been found on the doorstep at six o'clock in the morning dressed as a Bacchante with a cluster of grapes in her hair and an extremely unconvincing story on her lips. That had, of course, an effect on the discipline. For instance, Mary's favourite novice eloped with the father confessor and maintained him in London in a way that would now be interfered with by the Criminal Law Amendment Act (1912). From this stimulating atmosphere Mary was torn by her father and forced into a loveless marriage with Lord Raa. On their wedding-night she rebuffed his advances in a scene that would look well on the cinematograph, and henceforth they lived a celibate life. Unfortunately poor Lord Raa fell in with one of Mary's schoolfellows from that phallic convent and naturally ceased to be a celibate. About the same time Mary fell in love with an Antarctic explorer. It was the kind of chaste love which one stucco angel perched above a sausage-maker in Kensal Green Cemetery might feel for the angel perched above the draper across the path: but the convent breeding would out. "I did not knock at Martin's door. I took hold of the handle as one who had a right. It turned of itself and the door opened. My mind was in a whirl, black rings were circling round my eyes, but I heard my trembling, quivering, throbbing voice, as if it had been the voice of somebody else, saying: 'Martin, I am coming in.' " The Antarctic explorer, ignorant of Mr. Caine's artistic economy of material, left the next day: but of course there was a baby. For the rest of the story Mr. Caine suffers from a perpetual cold in the emotions: there is an extraordinary indecency about catarrh. As soon as Mary finds out that she is going to have a child she runs away from the Isle of Man to London, wishing that she had never left the sympathetic atmosphere of the convent. She had no money but was at first succoured by the one respectable schoolfellow of whom we hear, who had taken up rescue work: probably to keep in touch with things. However this aid fails her and she has fallen into dreadful poverty when she receives the last blow: it is rumoured that the explorer has been lost in the Southern snows. Thereafter her story, apart from its general bearing on the segregation of the feeble-minded, has the same moral as Tennyson's "Maud": always keep a halfpenny for " The Star." The young man in "Maud" languished on the Breton strand because he had not the sense to read the papers to see if he had really winged his man. Mary never had the curiosity to buy a paper to see whether the rumour about her lover was ever verified. So, lonely and penniless, she is about to sell herself on the streets to get money for her starving child when the explorer embraces her in Piccadilly Circus. That catarrh of the emotions impels Mr. Caine to shatter the obvious happy ending and to kill her off by a catastrophe unparalleled in English literature: she dies of cold caused by drying her baby's more intimate garments—I have not the happy domestic touch that enables Mr. Caine to be more explicit—on her own body when she was too poor to afford a fire. By the time one reaches this tragedy one is soggy with viscous emotion, like the toast under a poached The immense significance of this work lies in its binding. It is rich and restrained. It is the red of the suburban dining-room and has a loathsome granulated surface that sets the finger-tips in a frenzy: to pamper the eye still further it is adorned with deep black lines, heavy gold lettering, and two unconvincing designs of the dandelion rampant and couchant. One envisages the hundreds of thousands of quite repulsive people who will buy this book: people who live in unspacious houses and perform tedious duties and slake their voluptuousness on caraway seeds and the sermons of Mr. R. J. Campbell and such mean pleasures. So now they are going to listen to Mr. Caine on the wrongs of woman as they have listened to Mr. Lloyd George on the wrongs of the poor. It will probably have the same effect on them. Just as this squalid mass that makes the damned compact Liberal majority has given doles like Old Age Pensions and the Insurance Act to the working class and kept them all the more the expropriated classes, so it will give women a few little liberties and grind them down into the profounder slavery. The vote and economic independence must be used to subserve the institutions that break the teeth of the hungry who bite into the earth to find their souls' appropriate food: the old Christian ideals of self-sacrifice will shackle them like irons. Though the monkey may have its chain taken off it will have to go on grinding the barrel-organ. In its way "The Passionate Friends" is just as fantastic as "The Woman Thou Gavest Me." It is infinitely nobler than Mr. Wells's last book, " Marriage." It has no such mean heroine as Marjorie, that born pawnbroker cheated of her "destiny, who was continually termed by her creator "gallant" but who would have faced life gallantly only under the cheerful gleam of three golden balls, who indeed showed no signs of ordinary pluck until her husband had been partially introduced into a hyena. May it be that we shall never see her like again. And the first thirteen pages of "The Passionate Friends" stand among the most beautiful achievements of Mr. Wells's art of elucidating emotion, whereby some passion that dipped in the waves of one's soul like a storm-tired bird suddenly soars upwards to the sunlight, splendidly, enlighteningly recognisable. The first chapter, with its brooding over a dear wilful child in gusts of naughtiness and sickness, with its yearning past the impassable barrier of parentage towards free communion with the soul of this child, is among the very greatest artistic representations of parenthood. It is certainly the only literary expression of the pride of fatherhood which is wholly free from the suspicion of being mere male clucking over a female achievement. But for the rest the book rubs on one's nerves just like the binding of "The Woman Thou Gavest Me": the skin of one's brain is dappled with goose-flesh at the irritating surface of the style. That pointilliste way of suggesting a vivid event obscured through the mists of time by reference to the spotted canvas of the memory is used again and again: "I do not know if indeed we raised our voices, but my memory has an effect of raised voices. . . ." And every now and then Mr. Wells, with a benevolent air of giving us a treat, ladles bread-and-milk into our angry adult mouths. "I hurried through London into Surrey, and in my father's study, warned by a telegram, I found a bright-eyed, resolute young woman awaiting me, with the quality about her of one who embarks upon a long-premeditated adventure. And I found too a family, her sisters and her brothers, all gladly ready for me; my father too was a happy man, and on the eighth of November in 1906 Rachel and I were married in the little church at Shere. We stayed for a week or so in Hampshire near Ringwood —the season was late that year and the trees still very beautiful . . ." and the cows all looked as if they had been painted by Sidney Cooper. This film of pretences that falls so surprisingly on the quality of Mr. Wells' prose, like gilding on bright steel, which was not at all in "Tono-Bungay" and but little in "The New Machiavelli," is a deliberate vice. It is the pusillanimous effort of a fierce brain to seek conformity with the common tameness, the lapse of a disorderly prophet who does not see that to be orderly is to betray his peculiar gospel. And besides these flaws the quality of the book's substance is curiously troubling. One feels as though one were going through a new country in the train and not liking it nearly so much as one had expected. "The Passionate Friends" is the story of Lady Mary Christian and Stephen Straiten, two lovers of the same age and upbringing, who had "the love of coevals, who had been playmates and intimate companions, and of whom the woman was certainly as capable and wilful as the man. . . ." Thej knew" real love, you know; the real thing. I don't mean the mere imaginative love, blindfold love, but love that sees. . . ." In this passion one believes: but the story drops away from the burning core like the draggled tail of Halley's Comet. Lady Mary, with that curious unaristocratic preoccupation with the material perquisites of aristocracy which Mr. Wells finds a symptom in modern womanhood, would not marry her lover because he was poor. She did not believe that she could live beautifully without the spacious backgrounds of luxury, long drawing-rooms that make beauty captive by some trick of colouring, wide gardens disciplined by centuries of culture into something more than grace. So she married Justin the millionaire and Stratten went away to the South African war. When he came back they tried to be friends and became lovers: when Justin discovered them she again refused to trust herself to shine apart from her setting. She sent her lover away and continued to live with Justin and bear him children, while Strattcn married a phantom doormat called Rachel who lives to Mr. Wells' eternal shame in one sentence: "It sounds impudent, I know, for a girl to say so but we've so many interests in common." After eight years Mary and Stratten met again by accident in a hotel in Switzerland. Though they had merely talked for a morning calmly, like brother and sister, an enemy reported the meeting to Justin. To avert a threatened divorce case and save Stratten from disgrace Mary took a fatal dose of chloral. It is in keeping with the loose texture of the book that she is undeterred in this last step by any thought of the shadowy infants she is alleged to have produced. But the book, coming to a crisis by an accident, is bound to pass in smoke. For an accident being without a motive is an event without a soul and therefore useless in Art. "The Passionate Friends" dies of that fatal meeting in Switzerland as "The Ordeal of Richard Fevrel" dies of that wanton bullet. But through this curious chink of brain that has somehow come away there pass the finest thoughts, the bravest speculations that bridge possibilities as steel bridges span dark rivers, the most delicate dreams. The passages on the history of labour that sprawls unwritten over the wide page of India are unsurpassable. The industrial suggestions make one wonder whether the life of the woman of to-day would not be a thing of merely richly coloured promise if the energies of the Victorians had not been spent in pushing women into the constructive business of commerce rather than winning them the dusty hall of the super-schoolmistress. The letters from Mary on the position of women are a rather florid elaboration of a point that Mr. Wells has raised more than once before. She argues that the work of social reconstruction which Stratten and his kind advocate will come to naught so long as women who are specialised for sex have nothing to do but prowl one of the kitchens and nurseries where others are doing their appointed work, and rob men of their paticnt accumulations. . . Quot. The remedy that Mr. Wells points towards is granting freedom to women that they may turn to honourable service and creative work. But this, though it would make sexual aggression a more honourable combat between equals, might almost intensify the problem. For it is true that men often turn willy nilly to the business of love-making as a steamer however urgent for far seas must call at the coaling station: for some great thing they have to do they need the inspiration of an achieved passion. A man may find that for lack of a certain woman he can no more fulfil an enterprise than a scholar could write his book without a British Museum Reading Ticket. If women take up these heavy tasks they may find themselves terribly compelled to descend pitilessly yet with infinite remorse upon the reluctant lives of their lovers. Surely the only way to medicine the ravages of this fever of life is to treat sex lightly: to recognise that in this as in philosophy the One is not more excellent than the Many: to think no more hardly of two lovers who part soon than we do of Spring for leaving the earth at the coming of June. Mr. Wells suggests no remedy but exhortation for the curse of jealousy, though he writes: "The deepest question before humanity is just how far this jealous greed may be subdued to a more generous passion. The fierce jealousy of men for women and women for men is the very heart of all our social jealousies, the underlying tension of this crowded modern life that has grown out of the ampler simpler life of men. That is why we compete against one another so bitterly, refuse association and generous co-operations, keep the struggle for existence hard and bitter, hamper and subordinate the women as they in their turn would if they could hamper and subordinate the men—because each must thoroughly have his own." But the question arises as one finishes "The Passionate Friends" whether Mr. Wells's attitude to life does not create an atmosphere that is favourable to that poisoned growth. This perpetual deprecation of rash defiances, this tolerance of flinching and weakness, this constant subordination of the quick personal wisdom to the slow collective wisdom, makes for selflessness. And jealousy is the complaint of the incomplete self. The woman who is acting the principal part in her own ambitious play is unlikely to weep because she is not playing the principal part in some man's no more ambitious play. Rebecca West. Reviews. There can be little doubt that we, we the reviewers, we the readers, we the voice of rumour, on dit etcetera, that the aforesaid we spend a deal too much of our time both in reading and in writing reviews. A single review in any single mentionable paper gives out no more than the puny preference of the puny and individual reviewer or at most the creaking and habitual voice of his organ. We propose the scientific norm. After years of assiduous study, after hours of patient comparison we are lead to believe that there are only a certain number of things that can be said about a book, or at least about any work of fiction, poetry or belles lettres. I neglect certain nuances and variants for there are, even in the exact science of mathematics, certain nuances and fractions which we are permitted to neglect when we make practical computations of certain sorts, as par example when dealing with "limits and variables." Obviously the function and intent of all these pages of reviews which we have, daily, weekly, monthly, spread before us is that they should serve the public, that the more intelligent public should be spared the trouble of reading the books reviewed and that the less intelligent public should be told what books it had best read for its moral and intellectual advancement. . . . It is true that there exist certain contumacious persons who say, or at least are reported to have said that "reviewing is not criticism, but merely a branch of publishers' advertising," but it is generally believed that such persons do not belong to the world of letters. Not onlv do we believe that there are only a limited number of remarks that can be made about any given literary creation but we believe that they are, in actuality, made about so vast a percentage of the works actually published that we will save the reader considerable time by presenting him with the following table of opinions. We believe that only those most versed in the productions of the day will be able to remember any work about which they have not or might not have been said. Thus: TABLE. 1. Mr. Henry James has never heard of this author. 2. Mr. Thomas Hardy "ditto." 3. Mr. Yeats believes the author to be meritorious and possibly excellent, he regrets that he has not had time to read the work in question and refers the reader to Mr. T. Sturge Moore for a lucid opinion. 4. Mr. Edmund Gosse says that if the young author will only go on in the way he has begun, he will add to English literature something which is unusual riches. 5. Mr. Abercrombie thinks the work epoch-making. 6. Mr. Figgis consider: that the merits of this author, while approaching those of Frank Harris, Abercrobie and Shakespeare, do not in all points attain those of Mr. Abercrombie. 7. Mr. Ezra Pound says that someone else has praised this book and that therefore it must be bad. 8. Mr. W. W. Gibson avoids a definite committal but says of the author: "What? Oh I like him awfully." 9. Mrs. Beatrice Hastirgs says this work is unadulterated rott, besides the phrase "blue ships" on p. 421 is weak in comparison with the "Black Ships" of Homer (vide Butcher and Lang, book II.) 10. Sister Mildred (West London Mission) says: "I think the story is wonderful and very true. It will make a great impression." 11. Rev. Father Jay (Shoreditch): "The book is very very fine, it will be a tremendous success." (Similar expressions from T. P. O'Connor, Archdeacons Wilberforce and Sinclair, William Canton, R. Leighton, and others.) 12. Weary Haggs says: "I used this sort of book forty years ago, since when I have used no other." 13. The "Spectator" says: "This author goes from strength to strength." 14. Several people say it is the greatest book since 15. Mr. Edward Thomas says the author has a beautiful soul. 16. Mr. Alfred Noyes refuses to give an opinion until he has had access to the publisher's accounts. He is not sure whether the author is self-supporting. 17. The "Evening News" says: The author is a medical doctor by profession, but his thoughts early turned to literature (says the "Daily Mail") and he early began to publish his works privately. 18. Mr. Courtney's new typist says the book is published by MacMilstable and will therefore need half a column. It will be seen that we have here the opinions if not of all the leaders of thought at least of leaders who are typical of all the brands of thought now thought in England. As the number of clauses which apply to any given possible book is very greatly in excess of the number of those whieh do not apply, the reviews will consist simply of the numerals belonging to the clauses which do not apply. Thus : SAMPLE REVIEWS. New Edition of Flaubert: 1, 4. That is to say: 1. Mr. Henry James has heard of this author. 4. Mr. Gosse does not think it will add much to English literature in any case, "Flowers of the Wild," by the honourable Florus Q. (second cousin to the Minister of Finance, or the conservative whip): 3. That is to say: Mr. W. B. Y. considers that this young man is too beautiful to be anything more than some fine lady's darling. "Lap dogs and Incubi," by Vanvan: 5, 10. 5. Mr. Abercrombie does not consider it epoch-making. 10. Neither does sister Mildred. If the subscriber will retain the table given in this issue, he will be able completely to follow all current publications with very little effort. Z. IMAGINARY LETTER FROM AN IMAGINARY POET TO AN IMAGINARY CRITIC OVER SEAS, WHO HAD OBJECTED TO HIS LACK OF FIRST-HAND EMOTIONS. Chere Madame, We have limitless tact and almost infinite patience. We are tired of so many things that we are too tired to count them. Like Callimachus we hate everything popular, especially the cosmic poem. We move slowly lest we should fall off. A first, a second, a third hand emotion strikes us as crudely melodramatic, painful to our cultured senses. We prefer emotions seventh or ninth hand whispered to us by frail eunuchs in the tragic twilight. We sleep all day and read all night. We think that all Americans live by packing pork, and believe that it takes half an hour to go from Richmond (V.), to Philadelphia (Pa.). It would soothe our delicate, degenerate senses if you would conscientiously deposit our tattered manuscript in your patent electric automatic two dime mail receiver. We feel that we have committed our fragile bloodless children to an existence too strenuous for them. We feel also that further exertion would compromise our dignity, blot our escutcheon, sully our pedigree, soil our white cuffs and ruffle the nap of our silk hat. We are, vours immaculately, R. A. Poems. By Skipwith Cannell. I. NOCTURNE IN PASTELS. ONE face I saw shining from a sea of faces, as the brightness of a star shines from beneath dead water. One face only did I see, and the soul that looked from her eyes was veiled as with a dark veil. Like a strange bird in an old snare, like a strange fish in an old net, so my heart snared her beauty and holds it. She was like the shadow of a plum-blossom on a stagnant pool, like a dying pearl in the depths of the sea, like the lonely singer who sings forever beneath one casement. Therefore, in praise of her, I touch fire to delicate incense, to incense in a bowl of bronze graven with the shadow of an ancient love. The smoke of it coils upward, and my thoughts of her live in its coiling shadows: hers their fragrance and the unreality. As perfumes hover about the garments of the dead, so clings her fragrance to my cloak of dreams; as the memory of last year's plum-blossom lives like a dream, so clings unreality to the hem of my cloak. I wait beneath the window of my Beloved, and the window is opened to me; I wait beneath the window of my Beloved, and it remains closed: I stand in a cloudy night asking the moon to smile. I am one who, flashed upon by a pale gleaming face, a pale star buried under dead water, seeks and waits and watches beneath a darkened sun. II. THE SHIP OF DEAD DREAMS. On a rocky headland jutting forth to the sea lay a dreamer, dreaming in the dawn; and a cloud covered the face of the rising sun, the lonely cry of a heron rose from the marshes, and out of the sea crept a pallid ashen fog. Out of the sea crawled the fog; out of the fog crept a phantom ship, and from the decks thereof rose a sound of old men singing mournfully. Out of the fog crept the phantom ship, nearer and nearer till its hull towered high above the dreamer. Over the rail peered old men with yearning, haunted eyes. On the carven poop stood their Captain, and his ashen face was as that of one accurst, and there was silence, save for the moaning of the sea. "Dreamer," said the white-haired Captain, "can you tell us where is your Port of Dreams? For each of us once turned away from his, and now we are weary. Some for red lips, some for the fear of death, some for a fair and golden desire, turned, each, from his Port of Dreams, and now we are doomed to wander till some dreamer find us a Port. Dreamer, can you tell us where is your Port of Dreams?" But the throat of the dreamer was full of tears, and the trailing fog yearned from the sea like white arms of the dead, and there was silence for a little. "Dreamer," said the white-haired Captain, "I was young once, and I also dreamed and of wild and haunted beauty; but there came into my life a maiden . . . her slender form could sway like a reed of the salt marshes; her hair shone like ashen gold; and her mouth was like red coral, like coral in the pale foam on a reef; and her eyes . . . they were like the golden-green depth of northern seas! And bye and bye, my dream grew dim and I forgot, and now . . . O Dreamer," said the white-haired Captain, "can you tell me where is your Port of Dreams?" But the dreamer could only bow his head beneath his cloak. Out of the sea crawled the fog; into the fog crept the phantom ship; and from the decks thereof rose a sound of old men singing mournfully. Out to the open sea crept the fog; a cloud passed from before the bright face of the sun; the lonely cry of a heron rose from the salt marshes; and by the pale foam of the golden-green northern sea, lay a dreamer dreaming in the sun. III. NOCTURNES. 1. Thy feet, That are like little, silver birds, Thou hast set upon pleasant ways; Therefore I will follow thee, Thou Dove of the Golden Eyes, Upon any path will I follow thee, For the light of thy beauty Shines before me like a torch, II. Thy feet are white Upon the foam of the sea; Hold me fast, thou bright Swan, Lest I stumble, And into deep waters. III. Long have I been But the Singer beneath thy Casement, And now I am weary. I am sick with longing, O my Beloved; Therefore bear me with thee Swiftly Upon our road. IV. With the net of thy hair Thou hast fished in the sea, And a strange fish Hast thou caught in thy net; For thy hair, Beloved, Holds my heart Within its web of gold. v. I am weary with love, and thy lips Are night-born poppies, Give me therefore thy lips That I may know sleep. VI. I am weary with longing, I am faint with love; For upon my head has the moonlight Fallen As a sword. "The Horses of Diomedes." By Remy de Gourmont. (Translated by C. Sartoris.) VII.—THE BEE. Then suddenly the Bee was silent and with calmed wings, drank the life of the human flower. — It is Mauve. She had an air of complete whiteness, dulled whiteness, with her colourless dress, her calm eyes, her pale complexion. Without bursts of laughter, without liveliness, without any of her habitual insolences she had entered and already seated herself, as well behaved as a fine lady and with her parasol on her knees, she said: — Tell me Diomedes, is not Cyran a great painter? Diomedes acknowledged this willingly. She continued: — While meditating his painting, his lines, his colours as fresh as water, he speaks, he says admirable things, things which move the heart, things which have made me think deeply. In his studio but especially out there amongst the scaffoldings, enveloped in his long white robe, he is beautiful, he is sacerdotal, he is divine. One would say that he is going to paint the world over again, a world of harmony and grace, soft and clear. The pure bodies ate seen through diaphanous veils, it signifies that one should let one's soul be seen so; that it should be beautiful enough for one not to blush at baring it. — Mauve recites a lesson, said Diomedes. — Mauve repeats Cyran's words because they please her. — So the fine old man has charmed you? — Neither by his beauty nor his old age; by his genius. — And Mauve comes to confide in me? Give me your lips! Maude gave them, then she said: — Yes, take, while there is still time. Diomedes listened, surprised. Mauve spoke with the gravity of a young christian predestined to martyrdom. She added: — Cyran conquered me in one only battle. I still resist, my flesh is in rebellion, but my soul is submissive. Diomedes, I am afraid of becoming an angelic creature. — What will you do then with your beauty, little Mauve? — I do not know. Nothing. Or perhaps 1 will give it to Cyran for him to put on the walls of churches. — That is all he can do with it. There Mauve was willing to laugh a little. She resumed: — He confessed to me his slight shiver, the other evening, do you remember, when I was drinking him in. . . . He calls that temptation; I desired, it is true, I desired him ardently. I came home overjoyed and furious. I cursed you all three, even you, Diomedes. The next day, at seven, Tanche came to fetch me. I sat, I listened, and I am troubled. — And Cyran? asked Diomedes. — Cyran observes me. I think he loves me as some young animal, a kitten whose education is to be gone through with. He caressed my hips, gently, with a gesture innocent and absent-minded, then he began to draw and to talk. — What about? — Of everything that is white, of everything that is simple, of everything that is pure. I did not very well understand but I was moved. — Mauve, one is moved only because one does not understand very well. Emotion is a sentiment. And after? — After, here I am. I seem a little foolish, don't I? — Very little. She rose, took off her hat and her gloves, and moved to the divan near Diomedes gliding round him saying: — I still love Diomedes. — Still? — Still and yet hardly, but still a little, enough to be his slave to-day. To-morrow, perhaps not. . . Much amused at first, by these devices which turned Mauve a little victim, he brought her slowly to the state of little spouse. Mauve who generally liked to conquer, let herself be conquered. Usually, insinuating and imperious, she ravished gently, interested by the successive capitulations, enjoying the shrinkings and the starts of male modesty vanquished only at the moment when it becomes inflexible. Her game was serried, sure and astute; exquisite insect of adventure, tightening round her victim, the spirals of her flight, she sang like a bee; then suddenly, the bee was silent and with calmed wings, drank the life of the human flower. But to-day, fearful, she let herself be disrobed with no other desire than that of being agreeable to the hands of her friend. Much had she loved Diomedes, who was always gentle and serviceable in things of love, and even patient, yielding willingly to the caprices of each feminine character, skilful in never asking from eyes aught save their natural smiles. With him, women, reassured, became almost sincere; confiding, they opened the closet of their vices, let him handle the gloves, laces, the feathers and the silks: the closet closed, one had enjoyed everything, daintily, without crumpling anything and all was in its place under the hand, for another time. He never seemed to despise them, either for the daring of their habits, for the ambiguousness of their gestures, or for the facility of their emotions. He did not believe that flowers are beautiful only because they are shut in behind railings, walls or ditches; the beautiful ones are so everywhere, in the forests, in the fields and even along the road-side; if a little dust sometimes powders them, they receive also all the benedictions of the rain of heaven and all the good fortunes of the sun. In fact, he was indulgent, having decided that after all if the free practice of love was a blemish for women, it should be one also for men. And if venality itself dishonours a woman who surrenders herself, does it not dishonour the man who accepts the transaction? Is it then more moral to buy than to sell a turpitude? But why turpitude? It is not disgraceful for a man to live by his intelligence; it is not disgraceful for a woman to live by her beauty. Mauve who lived by her beauty, was therefore despised neither by Diomedes, nor by Cyran, nor by Pascase, nor by Tanche, nor by several other young men who breathed in her beauty willingly. Yet before this lovely creature, but too well known, Diomedes for the first time, let himself move to thoughts which were not of love. Half disrobed, lying, her eyes closed, her hands under the nape of her neck, one leg folded and the other hanging, Mauve suddenly seemed to him useless in his life. What pleasure really did he find in kissing thus these small cold breasts with kisses repeated and abrupt? He felt himself absurd for the space of a second, but Mauve, having perhaps felt the danger, drew him to her imperiously. Her hair done, and gloved, she declared herself to be rather tired of her wanderings. Among the words of Cyran, there were several she had already heard inwardly. — That explains to you Diomedes, the emotion I felt. Although I have hidden the thought well, for long I have dreamt of having but one dress, one ring, one friend. Do you quite understand me, Diomedes? For an instant, Diomedes believed himself the one friend elected by Mauve. He felt fear, foreseeing painful explanations. As he did not answer, she continued in a contrite voice : — One will not recognise Mauve, she will be quite changed. Already to-day, I have been very different, have I not? Did I give you pleasure at least? No, Diomedes, I feel it, you have regretted the former Mauve. What will you? She is dead. I tried to bring her to life for you: perhaps I only evoked a ghost. Diomedes was dismayed. He let her go without having found a last word really cordial. Alone, he mused and understood why Mauve who had always been agreeable to him, had bewitched him so feebly to-day. "Her thoughts were no more those which vivified her body, when her body was pleasing to me. No more sensuality, no more beauty. Women are really beautiful only for those whom they desire." He mused again: "But I shall almost weep for Mauve. We loved each other very well." And again : "No, not very well. Illusion, play and a smile. But I deceived myself very gently with those small illusions, those little games, those little smiles. All that was amiable, easy, light." And again : " With whom can Mauve be in love? With Cyran? What matter ! I regret her. Yes, I will almost weep for her." BOOKS on all subjects, Secondhand, at Half-Prices. New, 25 per cent. Discount. Catalogue 761 free. State Wants, Books Bought.—Fovle, 121, Charing Cross Road, London. VIII.—THE MOORS. I divert words from their stream as one diverts rivers to throw them athwart the barrenness of the moors where frail and pallid ideas blossom badly. — Explanations about Cyrene? I do not know all her life and what I do know does not appeal to me especially; it is too like the text-book, too much what should happen. At this period of civilisation, every intelligent girl without principles could become a Cyrene, with variations. But she is alone and she reigns. Thus spoke Diomedes, and Pascasse listened carefully. Seated at the terrace of a cafe, drinking violent alcohols, they waited the hour to call on this illustrious woman. — We must excite ourselves somewhat, my friend, and acquire the illusion that we are about to enter into a pleasure. Let us feel this assurance. For me, who have certain special motives of anxiety. No, let it be a question of you and not of me. To think of myself annoys and depresses me. Cyrene is still very beautiful. Pascase would have liked to know her age. Diomedes ignored this: — But it is very difficult. The age of women? Does one know the age of horses? With bran mash, the clipper, care, rest, fine trappings and varnished hoofs, a horse is always young. The groom alone knows its age, or the veterinary. You must ask Cyrene's age of her lady's maid or her doctor. Let us put it as being her second youth. Exquisite period for a celebrated woman, for men are so vain that glory gives her again more beauty than years have taken from her. Thus the golden age of women on the stage is the moment when their heart is renewed and rejuvenated; pubescent youths are moved and gather round the priestess; she gives good advice and proceeds to the initiations; she is the mother, the mistress, and the professor; and with the authority of her name, her experience and her body macerated in essences, she rules over a whole generation of which she might be the grandmother. Diomedes answered to an objection of Pascase: — But, my friend, in beings richly endowed, the body alters only in extreme old age. Ninon and Goethe both, at the age of eighty, had kept from chin to heel, all their physical harmony. However here is part of her history: Little bour-geoise and sentimental, she marries; no religion, no morality, a wavering sense of decorum, she is doomed to adultery. She falls into it and it astonishes nobody, not even herself. On the contrary she is proud of it as of a distinction, an elegance conquered, which raises her above her sisters. Already she is no more the little bourgeoise; she is the adulterous little bourgeoise. Still rather foolish in spite of her intelligence, she glories in this somewhat common state, blossoms out, becomes prettier. The lover, flattered, but despising her (being a blockhead, and without remission) teaches her the whole gamut. She is expert in chromatics, she learns to enjoy her sex, to turn all her senses to account. And yet she dreams, her ambitious little heart beats and rings, she deems herself equal to the most celebrated, in brain, in beauty, in sexual industry, and she is nothing but the mistress of a little clerk. A crisis in which hazard decides. She might have met the rich man about town, the man who offers a pair of horses; she meets the man who writes in the newspapers: she will write. The man is old, powerful and base; he dictates: she writes; he speaks, she obeys. She has understood the importance of being coadjutrix; humble and tractable she awaits the succession. While learning her new profession, she is the counting house, for the journal belongs to the man: she pays by opening her bodice. The man dies, she weeps, she is celebrated. Since then—either in the, papers she owns and directs, or in all the others— she has not ceased writing one single day of her life, even during her adventures and her vagrancies. In actual society, all other criterion failing, a writer is judged but by the abundance or the rareness of his copy; he who tarries at the end of the furrow to meditate is lost. One ploughs no more with oxen, one ploughs with steam. The typewriter will render great services to journalists; it will enable them to multiply their production without augmenting their general expenses. This is the ideal of all well-to-do commerce. Cyrene, who is rich and pompous, employs stenographers, she has three who change about and take turns, for she dictates, as one speaks, as an active and voluble woman speaks, without ever stopping or thinking. An ordinary article does not take her more than twenty minutes, she can speak five or six articles every morning and would continue after lunch if the number of papers were large enough to cope with the fecundity of her genius. But still more admirable is the fact, that, in this work of staggering volubility, there should never be either a ray of intellect or a phosphorescence of idea. It preoccupied me long, at last, as Newton discovered the system of the world by seeing an apple drop, I understood Cyrene, one day, by watching the course of a stream. — And to think that she is your friend! exclaimed Pascase. — And she will be yours. She is amiable, witty and of an evident intelligence, but incapable of letting any of these gifts pass into her writings. I do not believe that she purposely abstains from showing her talent. She would have moments of forgetfulness, fits of absence. Never, it is impeccably fluid, and void. Talent moreover, and especially style which is the primary condition of talent, is incompatible with her industry. There is nothing more fatiguing to a population of readers than style; a new metaphor troubles and irritates a simple uncultivated being; if he understands it, it gives him no pleasure, but he thinks the author presumptuous and is annoyed with him for having stayed for a second, his eye and his mind; if he does not understand, which is more common, he becomes angry. It is very just and most reasonable. In a few centuries the whole world will think on that subject as the ordinary man thinks to-day. There will be no literature, no prose, no verse, and thought will express itself by following an exact dry formula that is purely algebraic. As there will be no more general ideas, all notion of super-sensitiveness being abolished or considered as one of the symptoms of folly, it is very possible that our system of writing will be forsaken as being too slow. To men penned in, by science and socialism, in works and pleasures forethought and ordained once for all, a few ounces of ideas will suffice to expound the whole human thought which will be brief; the physical necessities, the sexual desires, good, bad, rain, sun, cold, heat. I consider that with fifty graduated grunts and as many representative signs, a flock of socialised men will perfectly express all its genius. Until then, and from to-day on, we must admit the perfect uselessness of literature and of all the arts. The child or the weakling plays alone. Strong and ripe humanity will no more play at making rhymes, music or painting, than a woman of seventy will play with dolls or "here we go round the mulberry bush." Ah! my dear Pascase how happy we are to be children. — I should not detest, said Pascase, a more serious and better ordained humanity with less unexpectedness, less injustice. — My dear fellow your skin itches at the place of the collar. Injustice is one of the consequences of the exercise of liberty. It is more, it is the very work of nature, the very work of God. Fortune is an injustice but beauty is a far greater one and far more serious, an essential injustice, as is intelligence, as are all the gifts which render a man superior. Let us be unjust, my friend, let us suffer from injus- tice but let us be free. A rather ingenious fable has been written on that subject, perhaps you know it? Moreover what is injustice? Is it unjust that Cyrene should earn the salary of two hundred work women? I do not know and I do not care. She is the joy of the public; she has given pleasure to many men; she enchants youth by the magnificent amplitude of her charms. Her part is great. . . — You mocked me well, Diomedes, the day you invited me to try and please that old sinner. — Do be more Parisian, Pascase. I still invite you to please her. A woman of luxury, like Cyrene, has but the age you imagine her to have. Suppose, doubt, dream. Why should not her bodily form, harmoniously developed, still be pure? What do you know of it? Try. — Cynicism, said Pascase. — Yes, cynicism. Love only contains two terms: chastity and cynicism. All the intermediary is built of meanness, morality, hypocrisy. Love is bestial or divine. — Diomedes, you exalt yourself towards paradox, which is your way of leaning towards the absurd and intoxicating yourself with deadly vapours. Tell me rather: this Cyrene has known all trades? — All woman's trades. None of these trades are dishonourable. Some delicious eels live in the mud one season, the summer. — They retain its flavour. — So little that it is an incentive. Besides all these trades have nothing mysterious. They are easily reduced to one, only one: prostitution. My friend do not shiver: it is the trade common to all. It is the trade of our bodies and that of our souls; and our whole senses do nothing but enjoy the universal prostitution of men, of beasts, of things and of God. Women, especially, are so well fitted for that: either the cell or the world. Have you then never desired to disrobe the nun who passes with lowered eyes, and to make for her when disrobed a girdle of her heavy rosaries, and enjoy this sacred flesh, rival of the eternal Lover? Could the nun who passes, pass, pure, since I have eyes? And think of the One whom they all love and press, sobbing, to their martyrised breasts. Pascase exclaimed: — You divert words from their normal and true sense. It is absurd. — But, resumed Diomedes very gently, I divert words from their stream as one diverts rivers to throw them athwart the barrenness of the moors, where frail and pallid ideas blossom badly. Your fields are inundated, the grasses rot under the stagnant pools, let me then water the sand and give back to the sun the muddy soil which gives you fever. You have the fever of morality and propriety, Pascase—and yet here you are seated at the terrace of a cafe, prostituted to all these feminine eyes. Look, this one desires you. She feigns to be interested in the bows of her shoes and she lifts her dress so as to awaken in you a sexual thought which is coupled with the one that the sight of your thick brown beard awakens in her obscure nerves. — She wants a sovereign at least, said Pascase. — Perhaps, but that is not the essential. Rich she would have offered you the same look, the same gesture and the same bounties. She sells herself, because she is unable to give herself: you will understand to-day that saying which until now has seemed to you commonplace, or simply witty. [To be continued.') THE FREEWOMAN.—Wanted, No. 45, Vol. II., of the former " Freewoman," by a reader who is anxious to complete file.—Write Miss JACOBS, 34, Dalkeith Road, Edinburgh. Un Dialogue Dirisoire. "Regarde-les, O mon ame, elles sont vraiment epouvantables." Baudelaire (altered). I WOULD," said Epistemon, "that I were marvellously drunk. I ennuie myself more completely than delicately. I have a gout for prodigious diversions. For example, I yearn to stretch myself on a bed of lily-petals, 15 yards deep, in the hanging gardens of Babylon, and to ravish with my eyes the choicest concubines of Solomon. I want nothing vulgar, I assure you; I would dance the gambade with Ariadne; I would urge my soul beyond the primum mobile. I would hang icicles in my beard and play the fool with the immortal gods. You cannot conceive, my friend Panurge, what illimitable rapture I desire. I speak not vulgarly nor without reflection. I refer to the mystic. With the common pleasures of women I am not concerned. When I was a whoremaster at-" "Pst!" said I, "have you forgotten where we are?" "How?" quoth he, "have they no whoremasters in England?" "No, by cock," cried I, "nor yet no whores neither, if you will believe them. And yet I know not. I am told that the virgins of ripe years and those matrons that be venerable of aspect furiously derange themselves at mention of the word we have used-. (I speak thus prudishly, lest it be suspect I am ignorant of their customs.) They have not the logic mode, these women of 'decent life.' They do not see things clearly. For, vois-tu, their nation is marvellous rich, with extraordinary pomp of all manner of silks, perfumes, meats, dainty drinks, cushions, beds and the like. It is the temple of merchandise. And upon merchandise these matrons live. And England more traffics in that kind of merchandise of which you blurted just now than all the countries of the world put together, ancient Corinth and Ephesus not excepted. How then should these noble and courteous ladies decry and vilify and shamefully upbraid those who by the toil of their bodies enable the aforesaid ladies to dwell in comfort, peace, decency and good-breeding? Should those whose earnings heap the platters of lap-dogs and lovers with delicate white meats, such as peacocks and herons and lampreys, be so abused of their rulers that a matron has been heard to say that she would whip them at the cart's tail? Verily, these so comfortable, so peaceful, so decent, so well-bred ladies, children of a nation of trafficers and chapmen, should rather praise, exalt, dignify and protect that gold-bearing commerce which nurtures them. "Moreover, they are again to blame in another respect, which is more commonly spoken of. These so comfortable, so peaceful, so decent, so well-bred ladies are each of high lineage; for if they be not descended from some noble house, they are of that older and more august family which sojourned in Egypt and mourned beside the rivers of Babylon. And for them there is one thing above all things sacred and noble and delectable—the family. The clear glory of the family must remain. Its men must be honourable—that is to say, they must observe all the graceful customs of civilised life and make their minds as triple bronze against all innovations which stir up the settled pond of their days. And its women must be honourable—they must keep hidden the 'modestie des fillettes perverses'; they must terrify us with a candour, 'innocente et couleur de lait'; they must hide the 'banales delices des ames distingues' until they are married. Ah, until they are married. Ladies, delicate and comfortable and decent &amp;c, here is the fine problem of justice for you. To keep up your price—for you are sold, cheres demoiselles, sold with a guarantee of your virginity by your charming and cultured parents—to keep up your price, to keep you from too sudden deflower-ment, our wise and all-seeing and paternal society has devised the company of 'ces femmes.' And do you know why you hate 'ces femmes'? It is because you fear that your lilies and languors will fade before their raptures and roses; because you know that if they became too attractive, too intelligent, your metier would be gone—and because all women hate other women." "Now, by the right-" "Halt, Epistemon," said I, "would you betray us into wantonness?" "By no means," said he, "I was smitten into an ecstasy by the wonder of your discourse, even as Mahound was rapt into heaven for a fortnight during the fall of a water-jug. By my grandfather's -=-" "Be careful," cried I. "I am chaster than a maiden's tears," said he, "I was going to say, 'by my grandfather's beard, thou art become a great philosophe.' " "That is because I am in England," said I, "the atmosphere and the intelligence of the people breed philosophic ideas in a man's brain. I knew not what intellect and openness to the most abstruse thoughts were till I came to England." "Peste on my life!" said Epistemon, "you talk wildly, mon braguette; you are metagrobolised by the ether of Diana, which is very subtle and searching. You have drunken of this horse-wash beer. For my part, I do not find intellect a great feature of the English." "Blind, Trotwood," said I, "blind. You are of a simple and quiet nature, Epistemon." "So be it," quoth he, "though I lack quiet now. Since I came to these lands of dark-vestured troglodytes at the command of our lord Pantagruel, I have had nothing but a superabundance of ill-cooked meats, bad wine, cuckoldy fellows with bald pates, fat bellies and hyperbolic noses, and a dull wall of incomprehension. I am marvellously patient, by Asmodeon and the Lord of Flies, but indigestion and fat heads have sorely put me about. 1 know not from what malignant humour it comes, but I am superbly uneasy. I have another design toward; I leave you my concubines of Solomon. I yearn for higher beauty. I will take ship and sail, no matter where; I will sail. And I will steal the harp of Orpheus and play beside the golden prow of my ship. I will seek the uttermost delegability of woman, guided by the souls of the dead. But I will find a woman like the day, mourning over the golden-garmented body of a dead ki-" "Pish," said I, for I was wonderfully uneasy I warrant you, meseemed he raved, "Pish, friend belly-breaker, you rave. You terrify me. Retro me, Sathanas. Introibo. Dominus tecum. Ite, missa est. Do you feel yourself comforted by my holy words? Is your heart soothed? It is not wonderful that you should feel your bowels and liver sorely tormented by I know not what aphrodisiac yearning. In England the bowels are the sovereign throne of all noble emotions. You may read thereof in Quintus Smyrnus, Aulus Gellius, Caedmon, and the Venerable Bede—for I never shall." "You flatter me," said he, "but you talk too much." "The reasons for your vague and inordinate longings, brother Epistemon," said I, "are not unknown to the ancients and to me. Their origins we will leave untouched. It becomes not us to speak of them. But you must know that there comes a time when the heart of man is prodigiously stirred. He looks at the stars for the first time in his life, he observes the flowers, and watches the little birds enviously. He would embrace a tree-trunk if he were not afraid of being seen. He washes his neck, chose inconnue et presque immonde. He becomes uneasy, preoccupied, fretful. There is the remedy at hand, but—' every rose has its thorn, every woman has a heap of relatives, who must be carefully removed, if one wishes to pluck one day the fruit of her loveliness. None of them—down to her country cousins four times removed, who have never been seen— but longs to maintain in its whiteness the immaculate purity of his dear she-cousin.' This is the case with every woman whom one could love. As to the rest, a romantic soul shrinks from them. I have known men who would not prostitute their bodies to a woman they did not love. And have you observed this crowd of Englishwomen, friend Epistemon? Those of delicate nurture and seemly appearance are more trivial than young she-asses and inviolably bound in the 'decencies' invented, as I said just now, to keep up their price. For the rest, there are married women—that is to put oneself under too great an obligation to their husbands. There is marriage, which is damned. And for the rest who would twice contemplate the mass of female bipeds which surges along the city street or dismally grumps in the country? Can you look friar John in the face and confess that you have consorted with yon daughter of iniquity and Levi, who rolls her cubic limbs and peculiar nose along like a mid-wife? Or would you kneel before false hair and bad teeth? Come, answer me." "By the Lord," said he, "I would none of them." "Therefore it is," said I, "that these fierce and inordinate imaginations devour you. For your soul, desirous of a certain beauty, competent within itself to judge if it receives such beauty, and being deprived of its proper sustenance through excessive strictness or ill-favoured persons or the like, becomes agitated and seeks its food elsewhere. So that, quitting the earth, it roves through I know not what misty and mysterious paths, seeking to allay its hunger with the phantom images which are created by itself. And at first, it was the evil horse of the chariot of your soul which gained power over you; and so you sought the carnal delights of the concubines of Solomon. But speedily your soul's charioteer, avising itself of its danger, overcame the evil horse, and rather permitted the white horse of fine breed to have its way. And so it was that you desired some delicate and unsubstantial delight, rather than a coarse Hebrew one. And you are thus attacked, because, although you are not English and remain here but for a little time, there is so powerful and marvellous an humour in the rain-saturated air, that all men are speedily afflicted. "Thus it is, friend Epistemon, that poetry has ever flourished in England, and not the other arts. The English write from the desire of imaginary women, their own being too repellent. We French, on the other hand, write from a knowledge of real women. Hence it is that no one can sincerely love the poetry of both nations." "For my part, I hold poetry to be no better than the jingling of bells on a fool's cap," said Epistemon. "And it seems to me, Maitre Panurge, that you have already too many bells on yours." "That is as God pleases," said I, "will you take coffee or benedictine?" Richard Aldington. Intermediate Sexual Types. TO many people, few of whom probably could be classed as 44 morbid "—to use our favourite English word for things we do not understand —one of the most striking and important sections at the International Medical Congress in London was the exhibit of intermediate human sexual types (Sexuelle Zwischenstufen) arranged by Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld, of Berlin, who also delivered lectures (illustrated by lantern slide pictures) on the subject. Both the exhibit and the lectures were open to the public (in the Imperial Institute of Science and Technology), though the attendance was much smaller than lovers of justice and truth could have desired, in view of the prevalent ignorance and the consequent backward state of our laws in England on the question. Dr. Hirschfeld, the tireless opponent of cant and ignorance in this department of science, who has done so much to increase our still extremely inadequate understanding of this most intricate and important subject, besides a long series of photographs, also had on view a number of wax models of human hermaphroditic and intermediary sex-types. It may be hoped that, to some at least of the visitors, the exhibit came as an eye-opener. For though we are permitted in this country—in the name of Science— to write and talk freely on such matters in connection with insects, fishes, or even the higher mammals, the heavy veil of Decency (so often the bitterest enemy of truth) enshrouds practically all open discussion of the question the moment the human race (and more especially it may be added our own nation) is involved. The crass, ostrich-like stupidity of our national attitude on sex matters in general cannot be better exemplified than by the fact, which is not commonly known, that such a book as Dr. Havelock Ellis's. "Psychology of Sex "—a work of international fame in the scientific world—does not even appear in the British Museum catalogue, several pages of which are occupied by the list of his other writings. That the prurient and grandmotherly supervision of our private "morals," which makes Britain the laughingstock of Europe, also obtains even in our great national repository of written knowledge, will, we trust, come as a shock to a considerable number of earnest people; and certainly one may suppose that to feel disgust at such a disgrace need not imply "morbidness." On the contrary, we may fervently hope that the day is approaching—is indeed close at hand— when those who come under the ban of that blessed word will consist largely of the good folk who are morbidly afraid of facing and threshing out the truth. Though Wilde was perhaps using the word in a slightly different sense he was doubtless not far wrong in his contention that for a book to be assailed on the score of morbidness by the English critics, is equivalent to its being crowned by the Academy in France! To return to our immediate subject. When we review impartially, in the light of recent scientific study and enquiry, the history of the treatment accorded to the Intermediate sex during the past, we cannot but be struck by the injustice and brutality of our social and legal persecution of people of this type at the present day. It is a commonplace that Greek society at its zenith (say at the time of Pericles) permitted, and even encouraged, what seems to us an extraordinary freedom in these matters. While we need not strive to emulate the Greeks in this respect, we might at least remember Huxley's remark (the more noteworthy as coming from a purely scientific man) that the average Greek citizen of that period was vastly superior in intellectual, and probably also in physical capacity, to the average modern Englishman. I do not of course suggest that such a system as that obtaining among the Spartans (discussed by Edward Carpenter in The New FREEWOMAN of August 1st) was a cause of this superiority, but merely that in itself it obviously exercised no kind of detrimental effect on the development of Greek genius and civilization; except perhaps in regard to the ordinary relations of the sexes. And even that seems doubtful; for though the general status of woman in later Greece appears to have been very far from ideal, yet in the early period of which Mr. Carpenter is speaking the relations of the sexes seem to have been quite admirable. But it must be remembered that to-day, in spite of all appearances to the contrary, the general stream of tendency is undoubtedly making for a very considerable fusion and blending of the so-called purely "masculine" and purely "feminine" intellect in the same person. (And it is only to-day that this blending process has become, so to speak, conscious of itself, and has the great driving force of will-power behind it.) In a word, a steadily increasing number of normally constituted men and women are beginning to understand better the feelings and emotions of the opposite sex: which understanding is obviously bound to result in a larger measure of sympathy, even if it does not directly proceed from it. That this increasing sympathy, clarity, and equality in the relations between the sexes, though still far from widely diffused, is at any rate a consummation devoutly to be wished, most fair-minded people will now be inclined to admit. And here comes in the importance of the subject of this paper. For although it is probably true that those two vast upheavals of the old social order—the Women's movement and the Socialist movement—have contributed far more than anything else towards the growing sympathy and intellectual merging of the sexes to-day, yet it is undeniable that free and open discussion of sex questions would be a very potent factor in the same direction. Especially does this apply to the question of sexual inversion; for the intermediates, sundered as they are from both sexes on the psychophysical side, may yet give very valuable help as a kind of mediators between them on the intellectual and emotional side. Generally speaking, Nature abhors a hard and fast line just as it does a vacuum; and as we are now aware the chain of sexual continuity shows no break of any note, either on the physical or on the mental side, in its subtle gradations from the most womanly woman to the most manly man. Indeed we have learned that, for thoughtful people at any rate, such antiquated abstractions as "Man" and "Woman" per se, will at no very distant date have to be relegated to realms of the philosopher's Absolute. Ought we not, therefore, to endeavour to grasp the true significance of this fact :— "To understand—where all too long we have condemned ; To pause and think—where all too long we have passed by." The question is whether society should continue to brand-mark and persecute people of the so-called Uranian temperament (by implication, as well as by absurd though cruel laws), or whether the time has not now arrived when some reasonable tolerance should be extended to them. It is possible that if all our Members of Parliament, lawyers, theologians, doctors, and so on, had been forced to see the exhibition of intermediate sexual types at the Medical Congress, some alteration for the better in our national treatment of this matter would have resulted. And indeed a drastic alteration of the Act of 1885 would do no more than bring us into line with other civilised countries. It is significant that in Norway— the most democratic country in Europe—the law against homosexuality was repealed, as a result of the investigations of the Humanitarian Scientific Committee of Berlin (of which Dr. Hirschfeld is president). It is time that we in England faced fairly the fact that not only have numbers of great artists and thinkers in the distant past, such as Sappho, Socrates, Michel Angelo, been what we should now call sexual inverts; but that in our own era the same thing is observable, for Platen, Rosa Bonheur, Tschaikowsky, Verlaine, and Walt Whitman (to name only dead artists) were all—in varying degree-members of the Third Sex. Whitman especially, in virtue of his tremendous fugues of Freedom and Democracy, undoubtedly ranks as one of the great moulding forces of the world of to-morrow: his influence for good has been incalculable. The idea of the author of "Leaves of Grass" in prison under the Act of 1885, seems in itself almost a reductio ad absurdum of our law. And with that I leave the matter. The moral is obvious: and to perceive it clearly nothing more is required than a dominating sense of justice. E. B. Lloyd. Lego et Penso. PROUDHON AND ROYALISM. FOR some years past there has been developing in France a new reactionary force, which may be described as the party of neo-royalism. Though its aim is to undermine the republic by ruse and overthrow it by force, restore the Orleanist dynasty, and place Monseigneur le Due d'Orleans on the throne, it is distinguished from the older royalism by the fact that its leaders, many of whom formerly belonged to the most advanced political factions, are atheists in private yet stout upholders of the Church of Rome, and will look to their king to institute, under the guidance of the pope, a regime of decentralization that shall guarantee numerous individual liberties now more and more endangered by democracy and socialism. It is growing in importance, and has a daily organ, "L'Action Francaise," edited by Leon Daudet, and numbering among its contributors the pilosopher of the party, Charles Maurras, a young man of high culture and ability. It has converted at least one Academician, Jules Lemailre, who on all possible occasions shout A bas la Rdpublique! and Vive le Roi! in company with its fighting force, Les Camelots du Roi, whose members promptly voice a hot resentment whenever contemptuous opponents, in printing the name of this army of conspirators, spell Roi with a y, and thus offer insult to their modernism. One of the methods of propagandism practised by these agitators is the attempt to enroll among their apostles all the great dead who, if living, would look with scorn upon their ways and works. Every great writer who has criticised democracy and who, being in his grave, cannot enter protest, is listed as a royalist, a nationalist, and an anti-Dreyfusard. Chief among these helpless victims is the foremost of all Anarchists, to whom these impudent young rascals constantly refer as notre grand Froudhon. Indeed, they have formed a Cerele Froudhon, which publishes a bi-monthly review under the title, Cahiers du Cerele Froudhon. On the whole, I am glad of this, because it advertises Proudhon, leads people to read his works, and thereby, in the end, will render all misinterpretation futile, especially in France, which, of all the great nations (England alone excepted), least understands and appreciates Proudhon, and where, on January 19, 1915, his works will fall into the public domain and consequently will appear in cheap editions. (It is interesting to note, by the way, how this miserable copyright business retards progress by burying the most important progressive writings for more than half a century.) Of course democracy is an easy mark for this new party, and it finds its chief delight in pounding the philosopher of democracy, Rousseau. Now, nobody ever pounded Rousseau as effectively as Proudhon did, and in that fact the Cerele Froudhon finds its excuse. But it is not to be inferred that, because Proudhon destroyed Rousseau's theory of the social contract, he did not believe in the advisability of a social contract, or would uphold a monarch in exacting an oath of allegiance. On the contrary, after demonstrating the falsity of Rousseau's claim that existing society is founded on contract, he proceeded to find fault with existing society for the very reason that it is not so founded, and endeavoured to substitute for existing society, or to develop out of it, or to dissolve it in, a society having voluntary contract for its base. All this, however, is carefully concealed by the Cercle Proudhon. It freely quotes and prints Proudhon's attacks on Rousseau, but utterly ignores the affirmative statements of its stolen hero. To expose this fraud I present here an extract from Proudhon's most representative work, Idee Generale de la Revolution au Dix-neuvieme Steele. "Reason, assisted by Experience, discloses to man the laws of Nature and Society; then it says to him: "These laws are those of necessity itself. No man has made them; no man imposes them upon you. They have been gradually discovered, and I exist only to bear testimony to them. "If you observe them, you will be just and good. "If you violate them, you will be unjust and wicked. I offer you no other motive. "Already, among your fellows, several have recognised that justice is better, for each and for all, than iniquity; and they have agreed with each other to mutually keep faith and right—that is, to respect the rules of transaction which the nature of things indicates to thern as alone capable of assuring them, in the largest measure, well-being, security, peace. "Do you wish to adhere to their compact, to torm a part of their society? Do you promise to respect the honour, the liberty, and the goods of your brothers? Do you promise never to appropriate, either by violence, or by fraud, or by usury, or by speculation, the product or the possession of another? "Do you promise never to lie and deceive, either in justice, or in business, or in any of your transactions? "You are free to accept or to refuse. "If you refuse, you become a part of the society of savages. Outside of the communion of the human race, you become an object of suspicion. Nothing protects you. At the slightest insult, the first comer may lift his hand against you without incurring any other accusation than that of cruelty needlessly practised upon a brute. "On the contrary, if you swear to the compact, you become a part of the society of free men. All your brothers enter into an engagement with you, promise you fidelity, friendship, aid, service, exchange. In case of infraction, on their part or on yours, through negligence, passion, or malice, you are responsible to each other for the damage as well as the scandal and the insecurity of which you have been the cause: this responsibility may extend, according to the gravity of the perjury or the repetitions of the offence, even to excommunication and to death. "The law is clear, the sanction still more so. Three articles, which make but one—that is the whole social contract. Instead of making oath to God and his prince, the citizen swears upon his conscience, before his brothers, and before Humanity. Between these two oaths there is the same difference as between slavery and liberty, faith and science, courts and justice, usury and labour, government and economy, non-existence and being, God and man." Leaving out the words "good," "wicked," "brute," and "Humanity," which are mere surplusage here, this extract, I think, would have been acceptable even to Max Stirner as a charter for his "Union of the Free," an appreciation of the importance of which is necessary to a complete appreciation of Stirner's political philosophy. If Miss Marsden knows of any idea originating in America, or developed there, of greater moment or larger dimensions than that presented in this page from France, she will do me a very great service in pointing it out. (In any case, it amply serves to demolish the audacious claim of the neo-royalists. If, in face of it, it should be decided that Proudhon is their property, we might well say, without doing violence to current terminology as Proudhon did when he said it: La propriety c'est If vol. With it in hand, the Anarchists answer to Charles Maurras and all his followers: No, the author of Idee Generale de la Revolution au Dix-neuvieme Sidcle is not your great Proudhon; he is ours. THE POLICEMAN AND THE PIPER. Following the example of his Master, my Christian and Anarchist friend Byington comes into the columns of The New Freewomax (I hail his advent with enthusiasm), not to bring peace, but a sword. Of late he has had too much peace to suit him, and he is looking forward with relief to a resumption of hostilities. Doubtless he expects me to get into the fray, and I shall not disappoint him. He and I are not only old friends and co-workers, but old adversaries as well. We have had more than one battle, stubborn and long-drawn-out, and our last ended, much to my surprise, in his acknowledgment of defeat, thereby showing that sometimes not alone the bystanders are convinced. Should I be less fortunate in our new encounter, I hope to profit by his frank example in my acceptance of discomfiture. At the worst I can always comfort myself with an old saying of mine, which has won me some prestige, that "n all intellectual controversy he is the real victor who gains the most light." In thus promptly joining issue, I do not forget Mr. Byington's advice to his "angry friends" to await his later articles before returning fire. It is a warning that I need not heed, since I refuse to be counted in that category. My humour is not ruffled; and so I begin by asking Mr. Byington, since he would have the Union of the Free suppress all assaults upon the material environment— that is, protect the air against the tobacco-smoker, the street against the organ-grinder, the tree against the woodman, the river against the manufacturer, and the young lobster against the fisherman—how he expects to secure for these ends that voluntary co-operation to which alone—and very properly—he consents to look in seeking association for defence. In estimating the practicability of such association, I have been accustomed to view strength as dependent upon simplicity. The more we multiply the duties of the policeman, the less efficient will he be; and not only that: the more difficult also shall we find it to achieve that virtual unanimity as to his usefulness which is requisite to the voluntary subscription of his salary. Unless we limit the sphere of defence to the suppression of those invasions that are perfectly simple and plain, we shall enter upon an endless quarrel between conflicting interests and passions that must end in paralyzing secessions. With the presentation of this difficulty I suspend my argument. It will be time enough to look upon the matter in its other aspects when Mr. Byington shall have satisfied me that the tobacco-smoker will voluntarily pay the expense of his own suppression. I ask not who will pay the piper, but will the piper pay? Benj. R. Tucker. In the House of My Friends. MR. JOHN MACY, whose name is new to me, has just done a tidy little job in the iconoclast line. If you are an English citizen, you ought to inspect it. If you are a citizen of the United States of America, you won't need to, because the idols that Mr. Macy has been smashing are the stone images of what English youngsters are told is American literature, and the modern American does not require a sight of their fragments for the excellent reason that he has been brought up in a happy ignorance of his country's alleged Olympus. Mr. Macy calls his book "The Spirit of American Literature,"* and he shows (I suspect, rather unintentionally) that the spirit of literature, at least up to the present century, has been about as potent in the United States as the snakes in Iceland. A great deal has been written concerning American literature —mostly bosh. Macy writes a little—mostly worth while. He isn't afraid to say what all of us have known: that Irving is a mere miscellanist, the thrice-married Longfellow a spinster (in the Rebecca-Westian use of that term); Holmes a pretty trifler; Lowell a lost leader; James "a critical intelligence turned into fiction," and Lanier a maker of machine-lyrics "that have neither passion nor an individual sense of beauty." More than this, Macy isn't afraid to call Emerson's verse by its real name, to declare that Cooper's sheer romance maintains itself, and to regard Hawthorne simply as " a delicate, detached artist" who was "without any ethical intention whatsoever." I think he rather overrates William James's brand of Pragmatism and underates the best of Howells, although sane commonsense speaks through him when he says that Howells has never written a great novel because "the grand passions, sexual or other never fire his pages"; but he gives to Mark Twain something of the honour due, and to Whitman and Thoreau: the holy trinity of American letters up to 1900. It is a pity that English people do not read more of the American-made books antedating that year, because some of the best English of the last quarter of the nineteenth century was written on my side of the Atlantic. Then we had nothing in common with England but our language: mostly, we wrote English, but did not make literature. Now Wilde's words have come true: we have everything in common with Englishmen except our language—and we make literature. American, as Thomas Jefferson in 1813 foresaw would be the case, is a language of itself. As we once showed Englishmen the way to fight a traditional right of government, so we are now showing them the way to fight a traditional right of grammar. "Even an Englishman," as the incomparable H. L. Mencken says, "does not find his grammar-book language ready to his tongue. When he sits down to write ... he has to think the thing out in one language—the spoken English peculiar to his class and year—and then translate it laboriously info another language—the petrified, bloodless, clumsy English of the pundits.—When such Englishmen read a letter in 'The Times' (which they seldom do more than once in a lifetime) they do not get the exact sense of it, nor even half the sense of it, but only the general drift of it, just as the average Jew gets only the general drift of the Talmud." Save for Whitman, Thoreau and Mark Twain, there has been no American literature to have a "spirit," but now that some of us are trying to write American, the breath of life is beginning to stir. We are not writing English. We are writing near-American. Not genuine American, but near-American. Of all of us, Horace Traubel stands, in this respect, as in many others, at the top: he writes the best American poems in the nearest approach to the best American tongue; he says "don't" when the English grammar insists on "doesn't"; but even Traubel won't say: "Us Americans flang all them old traditions of yourn overboard and don't have no more in ourn." Still, though we haven't arrived, we are on the way. I think this progress is essential. We can be detached in our own observation, but if we can't think in our own native tongue, or if, thinking in it, we aren't honest enough with it and skilled enough in it to write-out our hearts in it, we can't produce American literature. Our predecessors wrote English, and, accordingly, their poems and novels generally patterned themselves upon English themes. It is to write of America in American that we newer Americans, with all our failures, are attempting. Macy won't see this, and his vision of the past suffers because of his blindness toward the present. He can't accept James's sound assessment of Poe's "very valueless verses"; but, while he sees Poe as an occasional maker of paste-diamonds whose real work lay in his "protest against transcendental mysticism," and while he grants to Whittier's restricted art those "blazes of passion" which shot "across the blue serenity" of the New England Quaker's faith, Macy knows so little of contemporary American writers as to consider the often admirable Mrs. Wharton the best of them! We used to think (didn't we?) that the less you knew of living men, the more you must know of dead men. I don't believe we seriously think so any more. Macy knows Dreiser, who is a good man to know, and there he stops. For my part, I can't but believe that he would have known more of Thoreau, Twain and Whitman if he had read a little of the poetry of Anna Hampstead Branch, Witter Bynner, Louis How, Ethel Kelley, Joyce Kilner, Josephine Peabody-Marks, George Stirling, Horace Traubel and Sylvester Viereck, or the fiction of Daniel Goodman, Everett Harre\ Jack London, James Oppenheim, Upton Sinclair, W. B. Trites and-- Reginald Wright Kauffman. IN THE MIRROR. Here before the glass I stand With my chin cupped in my hand, Wondering if I see my face As others see it, whether grace Is found by other eyes than mine, Whose grey reflections scornful shine. Once, long ago, a grave-eyed child, Whose moon-pale face shone cold and wild Between the dim, straight falls of hair, Stood here, and challenged God to dare Let her live on and not be sweet, And red and white, with dancing feet Like all the others. She said—" They lie Who call Thee good! O, let me die! "No, change me now, and after "Ten years' weeping "Give me laughter! "Touch my face "With heavenly grace! "While I'm sleeping, "With thy magic finger trace "Rosy lips and dimples peeping! "Steep my eyes "In the blue of paradise, "And there "Drown two stars from out the skies, "Then shake their gold dust in my hair! "O, after "Ten years' weeping "Give me laughter!" And now before the glass I stand With my chin cupped in my hand As then, to ask God how He dare Let me live on and not be fair. Not for you, O mirrored eyes, The melting blue of Paradise! Not for you, O heavy brow, The crown of joy, all shattered now And lost in dust! O folded lips, Down from your touch the joy cup slips . . . Locked gates that hold the surging swell Of anger back, while flaming hell Consumes the heart. . . . O, tragic youth! O, sad pursuit of sadder truth! O, young cold face, what shadows grey Lie dimly here, stealing away Youth's right of loveliness? O tears, In secret shed through all the years! O God, grant this, that after These years of weeping, Void of laughter, Full of pain, My soul's the gain! That in me, sleeping, Flowers of thought that spring from rain Of tears, grow fruitful for my reaping. Then shall my eyes Pierce the mists of Paradise, And there, My soul, winging Eternities, At last, at last shall greatly dare, And bring Thee, after Long years' weeping, Laughter! Laughter! Irene McLeod. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents— While quite -willing to publish letters under noms de plume, tve make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. SALVATIONALISM. To the Editor of The New Freewoman. Madam, To the correspondent who tries to hoist me on my own petard allow me to make an answer. If my enthusiasm appears to her wild, allow me to retort that she discusses it in ill faith. My enthusiasm may be misplaced—and certainly is so from her point of view—but it was, I venture to say, frank. At any rate there it is (in your issue for August 15th) to be examined by whoever will for comparison with the reply. A reader in good faith will see that I never suggested that domestic service made ladies and gentlemen or even individuals, for these and those, not to speak of "freewomen," are born, not made. But let us take this letter item per item, for it is so suggestive of that unfortunate modern, and, notably, modern English, mood which resents everything that is not "beer and skittles." To begin with the third paragraph. A person who has doubts in "the honesty of any employer" is no one's friend, least of all mine. Such generalisations do not deserve discussion and have their place rather in the "Daily Herald" than in The New Free-woman. (By the way, I knew certain socialists rallied round the appellation "comrade"; I did not know readers of The New Freewoman were friends a priori. If so I throw up the sponge at once. I want to be free, please, to choose my friends.) But I resent being accused of writing "without a book." Freedom and good cheer exist to my knowledge, not "belief," in the circumstances to which I referred, in the sense in which I understand those terms. To my belief freedom exists wherever one likes to take it; in itself, per se, it does not exist at all. Has not the Editor been to great pains to explain the fallacy of all this modern jargon about liberty, equality, fraternity etc.—empty nothings? The next paragraph in "R. G.'s" letter contradicts my own ocular experiences. I do not, unlike your correspondent, however, dispute the fact that her contentions are founded on experience, but they do not tally with what I have seen, that is all. The subsequent passage is obviously written by an enemy of domestic employment, and apparently of most employment. Personally I can only repeat in other words what I have already said, namely, that I think it is a grievous state of affairs when women think typewriting—for instance—is more honourable and useful than cooking, and that hawking is more dignified than housework. If Englishmen won't till the land and Englishwomen won't look after the house what is to become of England? It is my distress at this misconception of work that leads me to write this letter to no one in particular. Was I not told only yesterday in all seriousness of "our forthcoming revolution," and is this revolution, or the idea of it, not due to all this appalling Saxon confusion of the order of things: pauperism in the place of thrift, machinery in the place of agriculture, amusements in the place of duty . . . and here I, too, have put the cart before the horse, for the pauperism is due to the over-production of machinery and the subsequent neglect of the soil, and amusements to exaggeratedly localised prosperity? (By the way, "R. G.," "exacting references" are not asked on farms. This, I know, you see, better than you. Only two hands are required, little else, and these are most unwillingly proffered.) Next paragraph on tuberculous patient and incurables, etc. : "R. G.," like most people nowadays, pities these, but has no pity for the healthy. Can't one have room for both? Is it not much more callous to let dangerous persons inflict disease on the innocent (and useful) healthy than to put these (useless) other ones gently out of the way? The possibility that society (or the state) might not always provide perfect hospitality to these sufferers does not in the slightest degree interfere with the validity of the theory. The last paragraph but one defeats my reasoning powers for it is written without reason (as is also the last, but this is in the Editor's domain, for she can and will, better than I, distinguish the distance between the "suffragist" and the "freewoman "). My advice to "R. G." is: "if you can make a better living from being a rebel than in domestic service, by all means be a rebel. For it is in your living, and not in rebellion, that you will find that independence or 'freedom' you seek, or as much as you are ever likely to find." "Tiens Ferme." LAW AS MANUFACTURER OF CRIME. To the Editor of The New Freewoman. Madam, Law often and easily does harm, rarely and with difficulty good. A few years ago, in a town I have in mind, it was easy, a friend tells me, to meet plenty of Uranians of the right sort—healthy, vigorous, true-hearted men. Then came various trials which, as trials will, distorted the whole view of things. The public, misled by police and statute, were taught to regard the Uranian love as vice. What is the result? The Uranian conceals his own nature, injures and lowers his selfhood; and in place of a free friendship, there now flourishes a paid prostitution. All of us may face similar happenings elsewhere. Such, indeed, are the typical results where we do not leave it ro individuals to work out their own salvation. Uranian. Note. EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be personally addressed: Ainsdale, England. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The New Freewoman should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Free-woman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 14/- (U.S.A. 3 dollars 50 cents); Six Months, 7/- (U.S.A., 1 dollar 75 cents); Three Months, 3/6 (U.S.A., 90 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. Poetry A Magazine of Verse. Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English; Reviews and discusses new books and verse: Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture, requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year (Si.50 enclosed) beginning_to Name_ Address_ THE Canzoni of Arnaut Daniel Translated by EZRA POUND. With text and an introduction by him and fac similes of the original music and transpositions made by Walter Morse Rummel. A limited edition. Write for prospectus. THE RALPH FLETCHER SEYMOUR CO., Publishers, 1025 Fine Art Bldg. Chicago, U.S.A. To Overmen. Brave Men and Women of independent means are invited to take part in an Expedition of Discovery and Colonisation. The object of the Expedition is to found a Free State, outside the territories of the Moneylenders, trading as Christiandom (alias the Concert of Europe, alias the British Empire, alias the American People, etc., etc.), wherein Art, Science and Literature will not be subject to the control of the British Board of Film Censors, and the Labour Party. Apply to the Chancellor of the Angel Club, cjo The New Freewoman, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. READERS of the New Freewoman are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS. This is the most effective way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to Miss HARRIET SHAW WEAVER, Oakley House Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see page 159. Printed by Robert Johnson &amp; Co., Ltd., 28, Tulketh Street, Southport, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.