The Crisis THE CRISIS LABOR NUMBER September ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY 1919 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE President Secretary MOORFIELD STOREY JOHN R. SHILLADY Director of Publications and Research MAR Y WHITE OVINGTON Chairman Board of Directors DR . w. E . B. DUBOIS Acting Treasurer Field Secretary MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN JAMES WELDON JOHNSON Assistant Secretary WALTER F. WHITE FACING FACTS— The war is ended—the peace terms signed by Germany—President Wilson is home again after fighting for the rights of the oppressed peoples of Europe— YET IN AMERICA— Thirty-six Negroes are known to have been lynched since the armistice was signed last November—one of them a woman—six of the others lynched by being burned at the stake. Negroes are disfranchised in whole or in part in at least fourteen states of the Union. Negroes are "Jim-Crowed" in all states of the South. Negroes are deprived of their just share of school funds. Negroes are robbed and exploited and then dared to resent it. Negroes are kept out of lucrative and dignified positions in many instances for no other reason than their color. DO YOU BELIEVE THAT DEMOCRACY IS ONLY FOR TH E WHITE RACE? If you do, then you should riot be a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. But, if you believe that justice and freedom belong to all races then you should be a member. HELP END TH E FARCE MASQUERADING AS DEMOCRACY BY JOINING TH E ASSOCIATION WHICH IS FIGHTING TO END DISCRIMINATION BECAUSE OF RACE— THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE National Office, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Date 1919 The CRISIS is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. Major J. E. Spingarn, Acting Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Name Street City and State LABOR NUMBER TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 18—No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1919 Whole No. 107 PICTURES Page COVER. A Drawing. Laura Wheeler. MEN OF THE MONTH 245 NEGRO LABORERS 250-251 SOL BUTLER 255 THE EMBASSY FROM ABYSSINIA 258 ARTICLES THE OPPORTUNITY OF NEGRO LABOR. Dr. George E. Haynes 236 AN APPEAL TO BLACK FOLK. The Secretary of Labor 239 THE NEGRO AND THE LABOR UNION. An N. A. A. C. P. Report 239 THE RIOTS. An N. A. A. C. P. Investigation 241 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 231 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 239 MEN OF THE MONTH 244 THE LOOKING GLASS 246 THE HORIZON 252 COMING ISSUES OF THE CRISIS The October CRISIS will be our annual Children's Number. Pictures must reach us before September 1. The November CRISIS will begin our Tenth Year. With that issue the size will be increased to sixty-eight pages and the price to One Dollar and a Half a year, Fifteen Cents a copy. The December CRISIS will be our annual Christmas Number. TEN CENTS A COPY ; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADL7RESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks* notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating tn colored people arc desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1010, at the post office at New York, New York under the Act of March 3, 1879. National Training School DURHAM , NORT H CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service NEXT TERM OPENS SEPTEMBER 22, 1919 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina Wilberforce University Wilberforce, Ohio (Established 18Bf) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U . S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opens September, 1919. For information address The Cheyney Train ing School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term begins Thursday, September 18, 1010. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For fur W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, ther particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Chey President. ney, Penna. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE Atlanta University (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) la beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, normal ATLANTA, GA. School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduate:. of Tale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA. GA. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. Three Departments, College, Theological and High School. Work of highest grade. Pre-medical course in College. Thoroughness and accuracy emphasized. New year begins September 29th . For information address the President. 1870 1919 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the city. Comfortable buildings with modem conveniences; talented faculty; vigorous, religious atmosphere; excellent library and laboratories; co-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Courses of Study: Domestic Science, Public speaking, Music; Pre-Academy. Seventh and Eighth Grades. Academy or High School, four yeare with diploma. Pre-Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four years with A B degree. Fiftieth year opens September 24, 1919. Expenses, $15.00 per month will cover all necessary expenses. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following' departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KEULY GIFFEN Knoxville, Tenn. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President RIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHAHLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University, operated under the unices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School. Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Science* offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific. German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September 10, 19W, For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER , ChairmanTrustee Board. MEDICAL COLLEGE OF HOWARD UNIVERSITY Next Session Opens October 1, 1919 ADMISSION Candidates for admission must be graduates of approved Colleges or Scientific Schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German, or graduates of recognized high schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German. INSTRUCTION The course of instruction occupies four years, and especial emphasis is laid upon practical work in the laboratories, in the wards of the Freedman's Hospital and in the Dispensary. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. The Medical College is rated in Class A by the Council on Medical Educa tion of the American Medical Association and is a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges. Recognized by the Conjoint Board of England. THE DENTAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies four years. Unexcelled facilities for practical work. THE PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies three years and leads to the degree of Pharmaceutical Chemist. The annual announcement, application blanks and additional information con cerning either course may be obtained by addressing WILLIAM C. McNEILL, Secretary Fifth and W Streets, N.W., Washington, D. C. A.and T. COLLEGE THE FLORIDA AGRICULTURAL AND GREENSBORO, N. C. The NEGRO AGRICULTURAL and TECH MECHANICAL COLLEGE NICAL COLLEGE offers to the Negro youth of the state opportunities that none can TALLAHASSEE --- FLORIDA afford to neglect. NATHAN B. YOUNG, President 1. The English Department offers practical courses in Literary Training. 2. Mechanical graduates and undergradu DEPARTMENTS: ates take high rank in Mechanical pursuits such as Carpentry, Bricklaying, Plastering, 1. Academic Blacksmithing, Auto-Mechanics and Broom- making, etc. a. High School. 3. The Agricultural Department gives stu b. Normal School. dents carefully arranged work both in theoretical and practical branches of agriculture, c. College. as Dairying, Greenhouse Work, Poultry, Bee d. Music. Culture, Field Crops, etc. 4. The Teacher Training Department pre2. Agricultural. pares young men to meet the demands for trained industrial teachers. Graduates will a. General. find a useful and remunerative field. b. Vocational. 6. The Reserve t Ifficcrs' Training Corps, under direct supervision of U . S. Officers gives 3. Mechanic Arts Physical and Military Training. Free uni a. Technical. forms in four years (4) worth about $160.00, and those who successfully and satisfactorily b. Vocational. complete the first two years work casli fees allowed amounting to over $100.00 annually. 4. Home Economics Graduates from this division will be eligible a. Domestic Arts. for a commission from the President of the United States for position as Second Lieub. Domestic Science. tenants in the V. S. Army. c. Nurse-Training. 6. Night School for those who cannot attend the Day Classes. EQUIPMENT: Fall Term begins September 1st, 1910. Lodging capacity limited to 150 student-. 1. 250 Acres. Those preferring to room on campus should 2. 21 Buildings. arrange Lodging Reservations at once. For further information, address 3. 42 Officers of Instruction and J. B. DUDLEY, President Administration. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 18—No. 5 SEPTEMBER, 1919 Whole No. 107 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois LET US REASON TOGETHER BROTHERS we are on the Great Deep. We have cast off on the vast voyage which will lead to Freedom or Death. For three centuries we have suffered and cowered. No race ever gave Passive Resistance and Submission to Evil longer, more piteous trial. Today we raise the terrible weapon of Self-Defense. When the murderer comes, he shall not longer strike us in the back. When the armed lynchers gather, we too must gather armed. When the mob moves, we propose to meet it with bricks and clubs and guns. But we must tread here with solemn caution. We must never let justifiable self-defense against individuals become blind and lawless offense against all white folk. We must not seek reform by violence. We must not seek Vengeance. "Vengeance is Mine," saith the Lord; or to put it otherwise, only Infinite Justice and Knowledge can assign blame in this poor world, and we ourselves are sinful men, struggling desperately with our own crime and ignorance. We must defend ourselves, our homes, our wives and children against the lawless without stint or hesitation; but we must carefully and scrupulously avoid on our own part bitter and unjustifiable aggression against anybody. This line is difficult to draw. In the South the Police and Public Opinion back the mob and the least resistance on the part of the innocent black victim is nearly always construed as a lawless attack on society and government. In the North the Police and the Public will dodge and falter, but in the end they will back the Right when the Truth is made clear to them. But whether the line between just resistance and angry retaliation is hard or easy, we must draw it carefully, not in wild resentment, but in grim and sober consideration; and then back of the impregnable fortress of the Divine Right of Self-Defense, which is sanctioned by every law of God and man, in every land, civilized and uncivilized, we must take our unfaltering stand. Honor, endless and undying Honor, to every man, black or white, who in Houston, East St. Louis, Washington and Chicago gave his life for Civilization and Order. If the United States is to be a Land of Law, we would live humbly and peaceably in it—working, singing, learning and dreaming to make it and ourselves nobler and better; if it is to be a Land of Mobs and Lynchers, we might as well die today as tomorrow. "And how can man die better "Than facing fearful odds "For the ashes of his fathers "And the temples of his gods?" LABOR OMNIA VINCIT LABO R conquers all things— but slowly, 0, so slowly. Ever the weary worldlings seek some easier, quicker way— the Way of Wealth, of Privilege, of Chance, of Power; but in the end all that they get—Food, Raiment, Palace and Pleasure—is the result of Toil, 232 THE but not always of their own toil. The great cry of world Justice today is that the fruit of toil go to the Laborer who produces it. In this labor of Production we recognize effort of all sorts—lifting, digging , carrying, measuring, thinking, foreseeing; but we are refusing to recognize Chance, Birth or Monopoly as just grounds for compelling men to serve men. In this fight for Justice to Labor the Negro looms large. In Africa and the South Seas, in all the Americas and dimly in Asia he is a mighty worker and potentially, perhaps, the mightiest. But of all laborers cheated of their just wage from the world's dawn to today, he is the poorest and bloodiest. In the United States he has taken his fastest forward step, rising from owned slave to tied serf, from servant to day laborer, from scab to half-recognized union man in less than a century. Armies, mobs, lynchers, laws and customs have opposed him, yet he lurches forward. His very so-called indolence is his dimly-conceived independence; his singing soul is his far-flaming ideal; and nothing but organized and persistent murder and violence can prevent him from becoming in time the most efficient laboring force in the modern world. Meantime, in the world round him, the battle of Industrial Democracy is being fought and the white laborers who are fighting it are not sure whether they want their black fellow-laborer as ally or slave. If they could make him a slave, they probably would; but since he can underbid their wage, they slowly and reluctantly invite him into the union. But can they bring themselves inside the Union to regard him as a man—a fellow-voter, a brother? No—not yet. And there lies the most stupendous labor problem of the twentieth century—transcending the problem of Labor and Capital, of Democracy, of the Equality of Women CRISIS —for it is the problem of the Equality of Humanity in the world as against white domination of black and brown and yellow serfs. THE BLACK MAJORITY SEVERAL times ' TH E CRISIS has engaged the fickle atten tions of the United States Congress. The last occasion was when Senator James Reed, of Missouri, discovered to his horror that the proposed League of Nations would have seventeen "colored" and only fifteen "white" nations: "First, How will Senators from the South who represent states which have contended that the white race alone is fit to control the destiny of the States of America, who have, therefore, contended that the black man of the South should not be permitted to cast his individual ballot to be counted against the ballot of the white man—how can they contend that Liberia, Haiti, and other Negro or semi-Negro nations should be permitted to sit at the council table of the world and each cast a vote equal to that of the United States? "And, Senators, you will have that question to answer to your people; and at that point, to show you that it is a living question and that you are playing with fire, I call your attention to TH E CRISIS, a Negro publication, which, I understand, is a paper of wide influence and power. I read an editorial from the May number "How shrewdly this man has looked into the situation! I venture to say that the majority of the men in this room did not anticipate that truth. " 'What we cannot accomplish before the choked conscience of America, we have an infinitely better chance to accomplish before the organized public opinion of the world. Peace for us is not simply relief from wars like the past, but relief from the specter of the great war of races, which will be absolutely inevitable unless the selfish nations of white civilization are curbed by a great world congress, in which black and white and yellow sit and speak and act. The refusal to adopt the Japanese race equality amendment is deplorable, but it is an argument for, and not against, a nation of nations. It is the beginning of a mighty end.' "Chew on that quid in your reflective moments, you men of the South!" But McKellar, of Tennessee, brushes all this pleasantly aside: "The argument is idle. I think the Senators from South Carolina and Mississippi will compare favorably with the Representatives of other States in this body, regardless of the black majority in each of these States." But can Mississippi and South Carolina forever disregard the "Black Majority"? Can the dark majority of mankind always be ruled by the white minority? And if not, will not a little thinking and forbearance now save a world full of future strife and horror? A t any rate, the dark people of the world have this grim satisfaction: The white world will be so busy fighting and hating itself during the next century that it will have scant leisure to keep black folk in their place. THE AMERICAN LEGION THE American Legion is com posed, as President Wilson tells us, of "the men who have served in the Army, Navy and Marine Corps, and who are now banding together to preserve the splendid traditions of that service." The Legion was formed at preliminary meetings, held in Paris and St. Louis, and sought to settle the inevitable color question by giving all authority as to admitting posts to the state bodies. The South promised faithfully to treat Negroes fairly. As a result, in South Carolina "our committee was told flatly by the Executive Committee of the state organization that it was a white man's organization and that Negroes would not be admitted." In Louisiana, Negroes were also excluded; but Virginia caps the climax by offering to admit Negroes on condition that Officers of state organization be elected by whites. Executive Committee be elected by whites. Time and place of meeting be fixed by whites. Delegates to national convention to be appointed in " equitable" manner between whites and blacks by the Executive Committee. Constitution may be amended by two-thirds vote of whites. This action and other considerations have given impetus to several all-Negro veteran associations,—The Grand Army of Americans in Washington, D. C.; The League for Democracy in New York; and The American Alliance in Richmond. There is room and work for such colored bodies, but every Negro soldier and sailor should fight to join the American Legion. Do not give up the battle. Organize throughout the North and South. In the North there will be little, if any, opposition. In the South every subterfuge will be sought, but force the fight. Make the Bourbons refuse in writing, and then take the question to the national convention. Do not help the rascals to win by giving up. SIGNS FROM THE SOUTH THER E are signs—faint and few, but hopeful—that the South is slowly learning the inevitable lesson that no true democracy can be confined to a sex or a race and live. In Putnam County, Ga., because a Negro made "some insulting remarks about serving white people and not serving a Negro," the enraged whites burned five Negro churches, two Ne THE CRISIS gro schools and one schoolhouse. Immediately the more decent whites of fered $1,100 reward for the criminals and started a fund of $5,000 toward rebuilding. Of course, no one will ever be punished for the arson, but the community did speak out in clear condemnation. In Alabama, twelve men have been convicted as lynchers—two to long jail terms. This is excellent, but we must add that the victim was a white foreigner and the lynchers were ignorant fishermen without wealth or influence. Finally, in Washington County, Miss., Sheriff Alexander writes to the public concerning a colored prisoner: "I have been asked by the Governor of the State if I wished to remove Williams from the county for safekeeping, or if I desired assistance from him in the protection of him. I have replied that I did not wish to remove the Negro and that I needed no outside help to protect him "No friends of mine, and I count the citizens of Washington County my friends, will attempt to take a prisoner out of my hands, and no man who is not a friend of mine and of law and order can do it." FORWARD WE black folk easily drift into intellectual provin cialism. We know our problem and tend to radical thought in its solution, but do we strive to know the problems of other forward forging groups whose difficulties are inevitably intertwined with ours? Here, for instance, is the question of the ownership of public utilities— the railroads, the telegraph and telephone and the street cars—utilities used largely, if not primarily, by the working class, and businesses which have yielded immense fortunes to private owners in the past. What do we think of these questions—are we studying them? Are we intelligent on the facts? Do we know that the United States is almost the only civilized country that does not own its railroads and wires, and that the municipal ownership of street transportation is widespread? Or take the battle of North Dakota under the Non-Partisan League; are we swallowing easily the gossip of a prejudiced press, or do we realize that these western farmers are resolutely grappling with the mightiest problem of present-day life—how to prevent the necessities of the poor from being simply the opportunity of predatory wealth to amass dangerous fortunes? North Dakota is putting her government into the business of banking and publishing, run ning grain elevators andpacking-houses and flouroverseeing mines. WillPerhaps, but her effortswatching, and failureproved wrong right. stockyards,  mills and  she fail?  are worth  never yet Beyond these questions lie the Suffering Groups—Ireland, India, Russia. From long tradition—since the draft riots of the Civil War— Negroes have had no sympathy with the Irish. But they must not rest in this unreason. Let every colored man read this month a history of Ireland. If he does not rise from it bitter with English cruelty and hypocrisy, he is callous indeed. The cry of oppressed India sounds right in our own land in the persistent attempts of England to secure the transportation of Hindus accused of the treason of trying to make their country free. And, finally, the one new Idea of the World War—the idea which may well stand in future years as the one thing that made the slaughter worth while—is an Idea which we are like to fail to know because it is today hidden under the maledictions hurled at Bolshevism. It is not the murder, the anarchy, the hate, which for years under Czar and Revolution have drenched this weary land, but it is the vision of great dreamers that only those who work shall vote and rule. TH E CRISIS DURING the existence of TH E CRISIS (November, 1910, to July 1, 1919) there have been sold 3,885,899 copies of the magazine. The average net-paid monthly circulation has been as follows: 1910 (2 months) 1,750 copies 1911 9,000 1912 22,000 1913 27,000 1914 31,450 " 1915 32,156 " 1916 37,625 1917 41,289 1918 75,187 1919 (6 months) 93,650 The total monthly net-paid circulation in 1919 has been: January 83,000 copies February 85,000 March 92,900 " April 97,000 " May 100,000 " June 104,000 " The annual cash income has increased from $6,572 in 1911 to $23,865 in 1915, and $57,367 in 1918. This year the income will probably reach $72,000. These figures are gratifying and impressive, but the cost of publication is also high: 55% of our expense is for publishing, which includes paper, printing, engraving, binding, etc.; 23.9% goes for salaries; 10.6% for postage; 8.3% for general expenses, including rent; and 2.2% for stationery and supplies. TH E CRISIS costs a dime; five cents of that goes to the agent; the other five cents goes a little over half to the publisher, nearly a quarter to the employees and of the other little less than a quarter, half goes to postage and half to general expenses, stationery and supplies. The number of employees of THE CRISIS has been gradually increased, but we have not yet as many as we ought to have for the handling of the work. In the office there are at present twelve employees, including the Editor and the Business Manager. Two or three extra persons are brought in to help in the mailing. In the field there is a force of 1,200 agents. The expenditure for postage has increased rapidly during the last few years. In 1913 we spent $1,615 for postage; in 1916 we spent $2,042; in 1918, $4,559. During six months of 1919 we have spent $3,618, which means that for the year our expenditure will be about $7,000. This represents not simply an increase in the amount of mailing, but a large increase in the mailing rates. The increase in the various items of publishing has been large: The cover paper a year ago cost $8.00 per hundred and now costs $9.50; the inside stock formerly cost $6.80 and now costs $7.25. In December, 1917, composition and presswork increased 10% ; in November, 1918, it increased 20% upon this. Binding which was $2.30 per thousand in October, 1917, now costs $5.25 per thousand. This means that the margin between income and expense is not only dangerously narrow, but that any increase in our size necessitates increase in price. In November, therefore, we are adding sixteen pages to our size. This will mean more illustrations, poetry and fiction as a permanent feature, and above all, one or two solid articles monthly on historical or sociological subjects affecting the Negro. May we ask that our increase to $1.50 a year and 15 cents a copy will not cause us to lose a single one of our 105,000 buyers? THE OPPORTUNITY OF NEGRO LABOR DR. GEORGE E. HAYNES, Director of Negro Economics, U. S. Department of Labor AMERICA is probably facing the greatest agricultural, industrial and commercial expansion in her history. For this purpose, there must be labor, unskilled, semi-skilled and skilled. The cessation of immigration during the war and the emigration of aliens now give no promise of an adequate supply of laborers from abroad. The Negro people furnish the largest potential supply available. This situation offers the long-sought economic opportunity for the Negro work er. It emphasizes, however, questions of relations of white workers, white em ployers and Negro workers on terms of full justice and op portunity. In the light of recent riots and the question of Negroes in the Chicago stockyards, these statements may seem too opti mistic. But a brief sketch of the facts given here will indi cate some of the grounds for faith. Let us look more in detail at the facts: America faces a great economic ex pansion. She has already been called upon to furnish sup plies for rebuilding and feeding Europe. The markets of Africa, Asia and South America 	are open to her as never before. The home market, after the self-denials of war, is calling for the products of the factory and the farm. To build and command ships,	 to produce raw materials from the fields,	 the forests and the mines, and to manufacture for the markets, call for laborers. A n adequate labor supply is not available through foreign immigration. A t the close of the war America was more than three millions short of Immigrant laborers. Today, aliens in this country are going back to Europe by the thousands, as fast as they can get passports and ocean passage. Investigations of the Department of Labor have shown that in many cities fully 50 per cent of aliens plan to return to their native lands. Many of them are going because they have not heard from their relatives during the war. Others desire to settle the estates of relatives killed in the war, or to gain land and other opportunities under their new governments. Furthermore, there is a strong pressure for additional laws restricting immigration. Mexican, Chinese and Japanese laborers are already excluded from the United States. The Negro workers of the Nation, who form about one-seventh of the total working population, constitute an important available source of labor from which to meet the increasing demands of ag riculture, industry and commerce. Already in at least six states, where Negroes are an important labor factor, there is a labor shortage. DR, GEORGE E. HAYNES A n important change in the occupational condition of Negro workers took place during the war and seems likely to continue. Preceding the war the large majority of Negro workers were engaged in domestic and personal service and in agricultural pursuits. They found then a much more restricted opportunity in trade and transportation and manufacturing and mechanical pursuits than during and since the war. During the war the doors to industrial occupations swung open, particularly in the iron and steel industries, in foundries, in slaughtering and meat packing plants, in automobile and automobile accessory plants, in brick and clay product industries, in coke-making and in coal mines. The shifting of large numbers of workers, white and colored, from agriculture to industry has created a shortage of labor on the farm. Planters and farmers are, therefore, having to offer increased inducements in wages and other terms for tenants and laborers. Some land owners are offering to Negroes land ownership on adjoining tracts, as a means of securing part-time workers for their own land. With the coming of these economic opportunities for which the Negro has waited and worked, there arises, naturally, the question of practical plans for successfully grasping these opportunities. The entrance of the Negro into these new fields of work involves far-reaching questions of his relationship with white employers and white workers. These questions must be met and successfully solved in the local community on the basis of standards and needs of the wage-earners of the nation, white and black. The Department of Labor took steps dur ing the war to secure the co-operation and help of the three group interests involved in adjusting such questions. The Secretary of Labor stated as the basic principle of the plans that since Negroes constitute about one-seventh of the wage-earners of the United States, it seems only reasonable and right that they should have represen tation in council when matters affecting their welfare are being considered and de cided. The plans pursued recognized also that the majority of Negro workers are employed by white employers on jobs or in occupations with white workers, and that the racial difference is the occasion for fears, misunderstandings, prejudices and suspicions, thus producing problems calling for action on a co-operative basis and in the light of national standards and ideals. These local questions have a national bearing on the welfare of wage-earners, white and colored; on the interests of employers and on the interests of all the people. Following out these principles, the Department of Labor formed co-operative Negro Workers' Advisory Committees by states, counties and cities. Serving upon these committees were representatives of Negro wage-earners and, either upon them or co-operating with them, white employers and, wherever possible, white wage-earners. In this way, connecting links were established between white workers, white employers and the existing organizations of Negro workers, such as churches, lodges, labor unions, women clubs, betterment agencies, etc., through which the feelings, desires and activities of Negro workers are expressed. To make these committees effective in each state, the Secretary appointed Supervisors of Negro Economics. The Woman in Industry Service of the Department appointed two national agents to look after the interests of colored women in industry. Through these co-operative advisory committees the welfare of Negro wage-earners was advanced and amicable and helpful relations were established with white employers and white workers in ten states and about 250 localities. As indications of the results achieved, mention may be made here of some of the varied and helpful activities carried on by these committees and supervisors. Biweekly reports were made on the demand and supply of Negro labor in different localities. For example, such reports were made regularly from thirty-one cities and counties in Ohio, from fourteen in Michigan, and from sixty in Virginia. Through cooperation with the U. S. Employment Service, the Committees and Supervisors helped in recruiting and placing thousands of workers and in opening new lines of industries and new plants to Negro workers, both male and female, in Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Florida, and Mississippi. Numbers of employers in these states, as in others, were advised about improvements and methods of dealing with Negro workers. The supervisors in Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, New Jersey, North Carolina and Mississippi gave a large amount of such advisory service. Complaints about the conditions and treatment of Negro workers were brought to the attention of employers. Following the armistice, special assistance was given in forming and making effective for Negro soldiers the Placement Bureaus for Returning Soldiers and Sailors. For example, in Illinois volunteer workers solicited by telephone or personal calls more than a thousand employers in the interest of returning Illinois Negro troops and about 5,000 letters in their behalf were sent out. Conferences with employers and leaders of Negro workers were held in many localities, often in co-operation with local organizations and authorities. For instance, in Mississippi during December and January, more than thirty conferences of from 75 to 300 Negro school teachers and ministers were visited in co-operation with the Board of Education of that state. Preceding the establishment of the state and local committees in the ten states, state conferences were held. Four of these were called and presided over by the governors of the states. Sixteen sectional conferences were held. One informal national conference, with representatives from forty-five welfare agencies, boards and organizations, North and South, dealing with the welfare of Negro workers, was held in Washington last February. A t these conferences programs of work and plans of co-operation were adopted and put into operation. A t the informal national conference such a program and plans national in scope were adopted and recommended to the Department and are now being put into operation. One of the most significant pieces of work begun, but not yet completed on account of failure of appropriations, was the study of the experience of employers in industries that employed Negro workers during 1918 19. This study was begun before the close of the war 'and continued into the present year. Up to the time it was stopped, records from 244 typical plants employing Negroes in seven states with a total of about 35,000 workers, white and colored, had been secured. A full report on Negro Migration in 1916-17 was edited and published. The figures are not yet available, but two general indications have already been announced by the Department: First, that in all these plants Negro workers and white workers were employed with apparently good feeling on both sides. Second, with here and there an exception, the Negro workers in the matter of turnover, absenteeism, wage scales, quantity and quality of the work on which they were employed, compared favorably with the white workers in the same plant on the same work. Here is substantial answer to the old charge of shiftlessness and laziness. With the new expansion of American agriculture, industry and commerce and with the prospect of a labor shortage during the next decade, adjustments must be made which will assure full opportunity and justice to Negro workers, which will safeguard the struggles of white workers for higher standards of wages, hours and working conditions, and which will give due consideration to the productive interests of employers and the economic interests of the entire nation. To those who have considered the question carefully, the experiment already made by the Department of Labor demonstrates that practical results to this end can be achieved through the co-operative Negro Workers' Advisory Committees, described above, linked with and working through existing organizations, or through similar plans. Each community has felt the freedom of local autonomy, has had the experience of other communities as examples and inspiration and has had help of national standards, needs and policies through the Federal Government. The Secretary of Labor has continued the Department of Negro Economics even after the failure of appropriations asked for it from Congress. Many individuals and organizations have endorsed his action. The problems of the future are many and will call for racial good will and cooperation on a basis of fair play and justice to all. The Negro needs help in building up a leadership that will guard his interest and guide his steps toward thrift and efficiency. Living conditions, such as housing and sanitation, recreation, schools and community life, must receive attention. Better relations between white workers, white employers, and Negro workers on a basis that will insure a man's chance, equal wages, hours and conditions of labor for Negro workers require some means by which they may meet in council. As the Negro faces the responsibilities of these new opportunities the plans of labor adjustment carried out by the Department of Labor furnish a meeting ground to all under impartial auspices where employers and employees of the two races may meet and not only adjust their differences, but form constructive plans for mutual help. AN APPEAL TO BLACK FOLK TH E SECRETARY OF LABOR M y dear Dr. Haynes: SO important do I consider the information, advice, an J departmental aid furnished through your work as Director of Negro Economics, a war service of the Department of Labor, which I created in order to harmonize the labor relations of white workers, Negro workers and white employers, and thereby to promote the welfare of all wage-earners in the United States, that I hereby request you to continue the service. Owing to our failure to get the appropriations asked for from Congress, it will be necessary for you to continue without the field staff that would enable you to gather information and give assistance more promptly and fully. Bat I need your assistance in this work of conciliation and will make such provision for retaining it as is possible. I hope that the white and colored cit izens, both North and South, who have so heartily and beneficially co-operated with you, will continue their co-operation under the difficult circumstances in which the Department is involved due to curtailed funds. By correspondence with such citizens, you may enable the Department of Labor to continue in some degree the valuable service you have rendered in dealing with the delicate and difficult problems touching Negro labor, and thus to serve employers and workers of both races and all sections. Let me supplement this request with the most emphatic assurances of my appreciation of your personal qualities as well as the value of your work. Yours very truly, (Signed) W. E. WILSON, Secretary. THE NEGRO AND THE LABOR UNION A N N. A. A. C. P. REPORT IN his study of the "Negro Artisan," Atlanta University, 1902, Dr. DuBois sums up the matter of the relation of the Negro to the labor union in the following statement: "The rule of admission of Negroes to unions throughout the country is the sheer necessity of guarding work and wages. In those trades where large numbers of Negroes are skilled they find easy admittance in the parts of the country where their competition is felt. In all other trades they are barred from the unions save in exceptional cases, either by open or silent color discrimination. There are exceptions to this rule. There are cases where the whites have shown a real feeling of brotherhood; there are cases where the blacks, through incompetence and carelessness, have forfeited their right to the advantages of organization. But on the whole, a careful, unprejudiced survey of the facts leads one to believe that the above statement is true approximately all over the land." This view is as correct in 1919 as it was in 1902, but the position of the Negro artisan has, in the meantime, greatly changed. With the European War and its shortage of immigrant labor, the colored man has entered into the industry of the United States. North and South he no longer stands at the foot of the ladder, doing only the heaviest unskilled work; he still per forms many of these tasks, but thousands have moved up the rungs and are com peting with the white man in well-paid skilled labor. This makes his organization necessary to the labor movement of the United States, and it explains the extra ordinary interest and even enthusiasm man ifested for him at the recent annual con ference of the American Federation of Labor. The conference met in Atlantic City in June and on the thirteenth of that month the Negro members made themselves heard. They spoke in no uncertain terms. There were twenty-three of them, where the pre ceding year there had been only six. Among the group were the representatives from the Freight Handlers and Helpers, Memphis; the Shipbuilders' Helpers, Tampa; the Janitors, Charleston; the Stationary Fire 239 men and Oilers, Denver. 'Men came from the Texas oil fields, from the railroads of Mississippi, and from the shipyards of Norfolk. John A . Lacey, Secretary of the Labor Council of Norfolk, declared that a serious condition existed in many cities where the labor organizations refused to take Negro laborers—that the Negro in the United States had received dirty treatment. "We don't ask any favors," he said, "we ask for a chance to live like men, with equal rights and democratic rule. The Negro can read now, and the man who can read can think." Complaints came from the Negro Freight Handlers and the International Longshoremen of discrimination on the part of the Brotherhood of Railway Clerks throughout the South. The Chief Executive of the Brotherhood, aroused by this, admitted that his organization did not give full rights to the Negroes, but hoped that at their next executive board meeting full rights would be allowed them. The Committee on Resolutions then introduced a resolution that "the Executive Council give particular attention to the organization of colored workers everywhere and assign colored organizers wherever possible; and that in cases where International Unions affiliated with the A. F. of L. refuse admittance to colored workers, the A. F. of L. organize the workers under charters from the Federation." This resolution was followed by a demonstration such as made the onlooker believe that the Negro had at length come into his own in the labor world. Forty heads of International Unions arose and welcomed black men into their ranks. Mollie Freedman, of the International Ladies' Garment Workers, was the first to speak, declaring that her union had six thousand colored girls in its membership and was proud of them; Seymour Hastings, of the Motion Picture Players' Union of Los Angeles, declared, "We draw no distinction as to race or color"; and the Meat Cutters and Butchers Workmen's Union announced large membership of Negroes employed in the packing plants and five Negro organizers on the road. Among others who arose to testify to their hearty welcome to the Negro were also the Carpenters, Plasterers, Bricklayers, Brick and Clay Workers; Hod-Carriers, Steel and Iron Workers of the Building Trades; the United Mine Workers; Mill, Mine and Smelter Workers; Textile Workers; Laundry Workers; Upholsterers, Leather Workers; Boot and Shoe Workers; Fur Workers; Tailors, Garment Workers; Brewery Workers and Cigarmakers; Teamsters, Firemen and Pilers, Street Railway Employees, Seamen and Maintenance-of-Way Men; Federal Employees, Postal Employees, Letter Carriers; Stage Employees; Motion Picture Operators; Car Builders; Molders, Quarry Workers; Printers, Stereotypers, Barbers; and the Professions of Music and Civil Engineering. This was the demonstration. And since the American Federation of Labor always desires more power, more money and more men, it is likely to use pressure when necessary upon its local units to bring in the thousands of colored workers, whose dues will help swell its treasury and theirs. It knows, too, that the colored men have learned to organize and constitute a danger outside the Federation. It is not difficult to forget racial prejudice when a high wage is at stake. What has the N. A. A. C. P. done on this matter? In January, 1918, at the call of the Urban League, representatives from that body, the N. A. A. C. P., the Slater Fund, the Jeanes Fund, and Tuskegee presented the following memorandum to the A. F. of L.: "We wish especially to address ourselves to the American Federation of Labor which at its recent convention in Buffalo, N. Y., voiced sound democratic principles in its attitude toward Negro labor. "We would ask the American Federation of Labor, in organizing Negroes in the various trades, to include :(1) skilled as well as unskilled workmen; (2) northern as well as southern workmen; (3) government as well as civilian employees; (4) women as well as men workers. "We would have Negro labor handled by the American Federation of Labor in the same manner as white labor: (1) when workmen are returning to work after a successful strike; (2) when shops are declared 'open' or 'closed'; (3) when Union workers apply for jobs. "We would have these assurances pledged not with words only, but by deeds—pledged by an increasing number of examples of groups of Negro workmen given a 'square deal.' "With these things accomplished, we pledge ourselves to urge Negro workingmen to seek the advantages of sympathetic cooperation and understanding between men who work." This has been the stand of the N. A. A. C. P. for a year and a half. Mr. Shillady has appeared in committee before Mr. Gompers and his executives and now at last, through pressure from without and within, the A. F. of L. has made a good beginning at the "square deal." From the correspondence with our branches we realize that the choice between organization and non-organization is not always so simple as it seems. At Birmingham we learn that the employers treat their colored workmen fairly, but through agents urge them not to join the union. The President of the Branch adds: "Thus far the Negroes have found it profitable to stay out of the unions, for they have given him a cold deal." A letter from Austin, Tex., says: "There seems to be general unrest between the races and it is thought that labor agitation, the admission of Negroes into the American Federation of Labor, is the cause." Especially interesting has been a long correspondence with a member at Balboa in the Canal Zone who is strongly in favor of union organization, but who has been telling us of the efforts of white union men in the Zone to prevent the organization of colored men. The A . F. of L. sent two men to Panama especially to organize colored labor. These men, shortly after their arrival, were informed that the white workers were against them, that they did not wish Negro laborers to have the permanent status organization would give them, and white union officials even went so far later as to ask the Governor to have the organizers deported. This was not done, and next an unsuccessful attempt was made to have them recalled from United States Headquarters. The organization of black men continued, however, and will continue, though at Atlantic City a white represent ative sent up from the Zone offered a resolution against the unionizing of Negro labor at Panama. The resolution was received and referred to the Executive Committee for investigation, where, it is believed, it will remain indefinitely. The A. F. of L. seems earnest in its desire to bring to American colored labor in the tropics a decent wage. A press report from Chicago says that a committee of prominent Negroes, speaking on the riots, urges the colored men whenever possible to join the labor unions. We believe this is wise advice. When colored labor enters into competition with white labor, as it is doing increasingly today, it must demand the hours and wages of the white worker, or be counted a scab. To underbid for any length of time is to pull down the standard of living of the working class. The opposition of the white worker on racial lines becomes insignificant when the real issue, the issue "to live like men," as John A. Lacey put it, is before him. For his selfish purposes he must admit America's hundreds of thousands of black workers into his International Brotherhood. The Labor Union is no panacea, but it has proved and is proving a force that in the end diminishes race prejudice. A democracy prospers when laborers of all races work together. Where a despotism is at its height, as in the old days of southern slavery, cracker and black are kept apart, hating one another, ignorant and ragged workers going about their unskilled, wasteful tasks. It was an immense advance toward harmony between the races when for a half-hour at Atlantic City the Negro was invited into the full and equal privileges of organized labor. It is now his business to accept this invitation, to see that given in the heat of enthusiasm it is not withdrawn, to follow it up and to go hundreds strong to the next meeting of the Federation. THE RIOTS AN N. A. A. C. P. INVESTIGATION I REACHE D Washington early in the evening of July 22. As the train neared the capital I could feel the tenseness of the situation grow. It showed itself in the air of the passengers as they read the newspapers, with their glaring headlines telling of the awful night before and intimating that the worst was yet to come. Aspassed through the cars on my way to the diner and back, men and women glanced up at me with what seemed to be a look of mild surprise; with a glance which seemed to say, "This man must indeed have very important business in Washington." The porters and waiters plainly showed the strain under which they were doing their work—the strain of suppressed excitement with, perhaps, an added sense of dread of going into something, they knew not what. They moved about quietly, in fact, grimly and entirely without their customary good humor and gaiety. One of the porters who knew who I was questioned the wisdom of my going through with the trip. I may have felt that his question was not absolutely without reason, but I did not admit it. When I left the car he said to me, "Take good care of yourself.' I assured him that I would spare no effort to do so. I had made many trips to Washington— some as a mere visitor, some as a member of the Government's Foreign Service, some for the purpose of placing for the National Association matters affecting the race before men high in authority and position; and so I had experienced varied emotions on making the trip to the Nation's Capital, but none like the emotions experienced on this trip. I knew it to be true, but it was almost an impossibility for me to realize as a truth that men and women of my race were being mobbed, chased, dragged from street cars, beaten and killed within the shadow of the dome of the Capitol, at the very front door of the White House. It was almost an impossibility for me to re alize that, perhaps, my own life would not be safe on the public streets. When we reached the Northwest Section of the city, I found the whole atmosphere entirely different. I had expected to find the colored people excited and, perhaps, panicky; I found them calm and determined, unterrified and unafraid. Although on the night before shots had blazed all through the night at the corners of Seventh and T Streets and Fourteenth and U . I could detect no signs of nervousness on the part of the colored people living in the section. They had reached the determination that they would defend and protect themselves and their homes at the cost of their lives, if necessary, and that determination rendered them calm. Still, under the outward calm, there was a tautness that could be sensed. Wild rumors had been circulating all day foreboding terrible things; and these things, whatever they might be, the colored people had made up their minds to meet. But as darkness came on, the rain began to fall, and later it fell in torrents; so it may be that the rain had something to do with the things that did not happen. That evening I met with a half-dozen of the influential colored men of the city. We talked over what had happened and discussed the steps already taken by the authorities and by the colored citizens and such steps as we thought it well to take on the following day. The next morning Mr. Seligmann and I had a conference with Major Pullman, Chief of Police, regarding the protection of colored citizens. At this interview Mr. Seligmann secured for the information of the National Office and for purposes of publicity data regarding all the alleged cases of attacks on women which had been put forward as the cause of the riots. Our conference with Major Pullman lasted an hour; he expressed a desire to have us talk with Commissioner Brownlow and made an appointment with him for us at two o'clock in the afternoon. Before we left Major Pullman's office a committee consisting of Dr. A. M. Curtis, young Dr. Curtis and Mr. Emmett J. Scott, accompanied by Captain Doyle of the 8th Police Precinct, came to ask that the Police Department swear in a number of colored men as Special Officers to aid in preserving law and order. Mr. Seligmann and I remained and gave our support to the committee. However, it was plain that Major Pullman was not favorable to the plan. He sug gested that the committee take the matter up with his superior, Commissioner Brownlow. Mr. Seligmann and I then informed the committee of our appointment with the Commissioner at two o'clock, and invited them to go. In the afternoon we had a long conference with Commissioner Brownlow. The whole situation was gone over, and the plan of commissioning colored men as Special Officers was brought up. The Commissioner was stronger in his opposition than the Chief of Police. In the evening I attended a meeting of the Executive Committee of the Washington Branch to learn what the branch had done and was doing, and to offer such sug gestions as I might. I found that the branch had been active as far back as July 0, when it sent a strong letter to all four THE RIOTS of the Washington daily papers, calling their attention to the fact that they were sowing the seeds of a race riot by their inflammatory headlines and sensational news articles: After the outbreak of the riots a committee had been appointed which went before Commissioners Brownlow and Gardner and before Major Pullman to urge that effective action be taken to prevent assaults upon defenseless colored people who were the victims of the attacks. Members of the Legal Committee had spent considerable time in court in connection with the trials of the men who had been arrested for carrying weapons for their protection. A committee was set at work obtaining affidavits from victims of the riot who had been wounded or injured. And at this meeting the Legal Committee was authorized to interview all colored persons charged with rioting and offer them legal assist ance. On the following morning I went to the Capitol and talked at length with three influential Senators. I went over the whole situation, not only local, but national, with these Senators, and did my best to show them what I considered to be the principal causes of the trouble. I also spoke to each one of them regarding a Congressional investigation of the whole question of mob violence. I was able to secure from one of these Senators, who has been in Congress for twenty-five years and is a member with experience and prestige, and who is also a strong advocate of justice for the Negro, the promise that he would father a resolution calling for such an investigation and a printed report on the same. In the afternoon I went to the office of the Washington Post and talked w,ith the city editor. It was the Post which on Monday morning had published the "Mobilization for Tonight" call to the idle service men in Washington to meet near the Knights of Columbus hut, on Pennsylvania Avenue, and organize a "clean up." When I handed the city editor my card, he appeared glad to see me. He seemed to be under the impression that I had come down from New York for the express purpose of telling the colored people in Washington to be "good." He called a reporter and asked me to tell him what the Association was doing and proposed to do in the matter. I lost no time in telling him that the organization which I represented stood for law and order; that all the fights it had made in behalf of the colored people had been made through and under the law; but that my reason for calling on him was not to discuss chat phase of the situation. I then proceeded to tell him frankly and directly how responsible were the Washington Post a:.' the other Washington dailies for what had taken place. I talked with him for, perhaps, half an hour. During the whole time he stood as one struck dumb; at least, he answered not a word. I realized that the man was scared through and through. He asked me before I left if I thought the riots were over. I told him I thought they were, unless the whites again took the aggressive. I was surprised to see the next morning that the Post published some of the things I had said. The next day, accompanied by Mr. R. C. Bruce, I made similar visits to the offices of the Washington Times and the Washington Star. In the afternoon I talked again with one of my Senators. A t night I left for New York. I returned disquieted, but not depressed over the Washington riot; it might have been worse. It might have been a riot in which the Negroes, unprotected by the law, would not have had the spirit to protect themselves. The Negroes saved themselves and saved Washington by their determination not to run, but to fight—fight in defense of their lives and their homes. If the white mob had gone on unchecked—and it was only the determined effort of black men that checked it—Washington would have been another and worse East St. Louis. As regrettable as are the Washington and the Chicago riots, I feel that they mark the turning point in the psychology of the whole nation regarding the Negro problem. JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN reached Chicago, on his way to the West, July 30 and for twenty-four hours did active work for the Association. At his suggestion a committee called on Governor Lowden, on July 30, and among other matters discussed the appointment of a commission of five or eight to study race troubles and to formulate a definite program on race relations for the state, On July 30 Mr. John R. Shillady, Secretary, and Mr. Herbert J. Seligmann, Director of Publicity, reached Chicago and at once plunged into work relating to the riots. A great amount of publicity in the daily press under the Association's name is due to Mr. Seligmann's tireless work. Mr. Shillady sends the following notes: There was formed upon my initiative a Joint Emergency Committee to deal with the situation as regards the needs of the colored community, in so far as all elements will work through this committee. This committtee is a committee of an executive character, on matters of policy and action, but leaving constituent organizations free to do such part of the work as they may be willing and able to do. The committee consists of one each from the Cook County Bar Association (colored lawyers' organization), the Urban League, the Y. M. C. A., the N. A. A . C. P. and Ministers-Social Workers-Citizens Conference, the last a group which has been meeting daily at Olivet Baptist Church, 31st and South Park Avenue. Further, each representative member is to have an alternative, so that some one will always be available to meet as often as is required. The lawyers furnish free one of their number to be at each police station and court every morning, to take charge of the legal defense of any colored person needing such service. Headquarters have been arranged for at Olivet Baptist Church, where two lawyers, at least one stenographer, and necessary investigators, paid and volunteer, will be stationed to receive relatives and friends of men in jail and under arrest. Men ofthe Month. THREE PREACHERS THE Rev. Dr. W. Sampson Brooks is a Methodist preacher from Calvert County, Md. He stands today in the forefront of remarkable colored Americans because he has paid for old St. Peter's Church, at Baltimore. A t the last rally his people laid $30,000 on the table, which is certainly a record. It is now Bethel A. M. E. Church and cost $90,000 in all. The Rev. W. H. Jernagin, Pastor of Mt. Carmel Baptist Church, Washington, D. C , has been foremost in organizing successful race conferences for the Capital City, and is a member of the Permanent Committee of the Pan-African Congress. He was born in Mississippi. The other preacher was not a preacher, but a soldier—Lieutenant Thomas J. Bullock, one of the "Buffaloes," who gave his life in France for American freedom, and thus "being dead, yet speaketh" to every rioter in Washington and Chicago. He was born in North Carolina and educated at Lincoln. TWO WOMEN IN Cleveland, they swear by Jane Hunter. She began as a nurse-girl, at fifty cents a week, Afterward she became a trained nurse and finally the founder of the Phillis Wheatley Home, which houses on an average of 375 women a year and finds places in industry for over 600 a month. For this Miss Hunter raises $21,000 annually. Antoinette Smythe Games received the degree of Bachelor of Music at the Chicago Musical College, in 1919, and the Diamond Medal for vocal efficiency. Thus our women venture into greater fields of social service and art. TWO BUSINESS MEN A. B. CAMPBELL has a general mer chandise store in Salem, Va., while Isaac M . Carper is a contractor in Charleston, W. Va. For twenty-five years the Campbell store has been one of the finest stores in this beautiful, little town; and if you go to Charleston and pass the great Government Projectile Plant, you will find that it was Carper who painted this building, at a cost of $5,192. After that, at Nitro, Mr. Carper received a contract of $10,576 from the Thompson-Starrett Company for some more painting, which was completed in sixty-six days. Meantime, the local Painters' Union refuses Mr. Carper admission. REV, DR. W. S. BROOKS THE LATE LIEUTENANT BULLOCK REV. W. H. JERNAGIN ANTOINETTE S. GARNES A. B. CAMPBELL JANE E. HUNTER I. M. CARPER 245 The Looking Glass LITERATURE THER E is a poor, blind Samson in this land, Shorn of his strength and bound in bonds of steel, Who may in some grim revel raise his hand And shake the pillars of this common-weal, Till the vast Temple of our liberties, A shapeless mass of rubbish lies." LONGFELLOW. WE have received " The Steel Makers and Other War Poems" (privately printed), by Leon R. Harris, who has some gift in the making of verse, and " Songs of My People" (The Cornhill Company), by Charles Bertram Johnson, which sings tune fully here and there. There are two books that have long lain on our desk which deserve more than pass ing notice—one is " The Question Before Congress" (A. M. E. Book Concern), by George W. Mitchell. This is one of the .most interesting pieces of original research into the Congressional history of the Negro problem which we have seen. Its chief ' value lies in its excellent exposition of Congressional action concerning the Negro be fore, during and just after the Civil War. Students of Reconstruction should study particularly Chapters XIII to XXIV . Maud Cuney Hare's "The Message of the Trees" (The Cornhill Company), is an anthology which has received and deserved wide notice. For those of us who would at times escape from our own problem into the great heart of nature, here is a chance to walk beneath the trees holding the hand of one who loves them. WOMEN AND LYNCHING As for lynching, it is, in nearly every case, a rude form of vengeance for that crime against womanhood which American men cannot forgive. - New York Herald *** Lynching is the only protection white women in the South have against the brutal black fiends you of the North wish to protect. In the city of Washington several brutal assaults and rapes by Negroes have taken place within the past month, and not one has bee n captured and brought to justice. Law was made to protect the innocent, not savages who commit fiendish crimes. Here in New York a white girl was shot to death in cold blood by a Negro fiend because she repulsed his advances , and the brute is charged with homicide, not even punishable by death.—J. L. Green in the New York Globe. On the other side the white race has taken the grim determination that there shall be no mixture of stock. That is by no means an easy task to maintain, even in a country lik e ours. How much more difficult in those states where the black population is rapidly threatening to outnumber the white! But so deep is the determination tha t the white man refuses to hand over this matter to the process of law. The purity of the stock in these states is defended by a literal system of "w h i t e terror," which ha s become part of the customs of the country. Lynch law, in other words, has become an institution. —Harold Spender in the Montreal Standard. Among the colored victims of 30 years' lynching in the United States, 35.8% were accused of murder; 28.4% of rape and "attacks upon women" (19% of rape and 9.4% of attacks upon women): 17.8% of crimes against the person (other than those already mentioned) and against property; 12% were charged with miscellaneous crimes; and in 5.6% of cases no crime at all was charged Further, it may fairly be pointed out that in a number of cases where Negroes have been lynched for rape and "attacks upon white women" the alleged attacks rest upon no stronger evidence than "entering the room of a woman" or brushing against her. N. A. A. C. P. Publications. Would it surprise Sir Ralph Williams or the British people in general to know that there are in South Africa 600,000 half-castes who are the offspring of white men and black women, and that a similar number of half-castes with a like parentage are to be found scattered over the various West India Islands? Are we to take it, then, that Sir Ralph's fine sense of honor and delicacy is not shocked at the intimate immoral associations between white men and black women? Speaking myself as a man of color, I might say that I am voicing the feelings of my own race when I declare that my whole mind revolts against the seduction of my women and girls by white men — young girls of thirteen and fourteen years of age are used to gratify the base lust of white seducers and are left with half-cast e children on their hands to mourn "White Women Assaulted by Negroes in Washington" is what we all have noticed in our every-day papers as each public ation comes into our hands. But, my fellow citizens, as I glanced through the papers last evening and saw where our soldiers, sailors and ntarines have taken the matter into their own hands, it filled my heart with joy. Are we going to allow Negroes to assault our sisters, wives and possibly mothers? I will say no, never, not if it costs the life of every true American. Allow me to say, dear editor, that I am no t prejudiced toward the Negro race, but when our women, whom we crossed the sea to fight and die for, are assaulted here in our own country, it boils the blood in our veins, and if the Police Department in Washington are incapable of protecting our women, then our service men who crossed the sea to protect them will, if need be, protect them in our grand and glorious capital. Allow me to say thft in my opinion our capital is today being run by Ne groes, and a white man has about as much chance of accomplish ing anything as a Bolshevik has. Why are white men being discharged from po sitions in various De partments inWashington and put in their places? recollect one case where an Assistant Librarian of one of our Government Li braries, who has the "honor" of the civilized white man. —F. E. M. Hercules in the London Times. + * * The white men went after these colored girls; the girls ran under the porch and hid. These white men broke down the door and tore up the floor. The old widow got frightened, ran and jumped in the well, and the children screamed for help. Berr y Washington, colored, seventy-two years old, ran out with his shotgun in his hand. When he got near the hall, he met both of the white men. John Dandy, twenty -five years old, with a wife and two children, asked the old man what he came out for. He said: "To see what was the matter with the women and children," then John Dandy fired at him and said: "I will kill you, old man." The old man fired and killed him (John Dandy) first. He fell with his pistol in his right hand and a cigarette in the other, and a flask of liquor fell out of his pocket. The other white man ran (Lewis Evans). Another colored man came out and advised Washington to go uptown and wake the Chief of Police and give himself up. The policeman's name is Stuckey. He sent Washington to McCrae Jail at 2 o'clock on the night of the 24. He stayed in jail un Negroes til Saturday night, the 25, at 12 o'clock. A mob of seventy-five or one hundred brought him back to Milan. They carried him to the same held tha t position for a number of years, was thrown out and replaced by a Negro. In every Government Department in Washington ther e are Negroes who are holding high positions, and when a soldier, or allow me to say a veteran, of this great war, who has spent sleepless nights, days, weeks and months going down to the depths of hell in those horrible trenches of France, and who upon return to his home country happened to walk into a Government Office in Washington on crutches and there to his astonishment see a Negro hugging a white girl whom he was dictating a letter to as she was seated in his lap, do you wonder why some people are prejudiced against Negroes? — "J." in the Baltimore Sun. spot where he shot Dandy and lynched him. He was hanged to a post, his body shot into pieces and left hanging there until 2 o'clockSundaymorning 26.—Atlanta Constitution. He * * I wonder if it is commonly known that in the South there is little or no legal protection for the colored girl. A typical case came to my knowledge in Richmond last winter. The girl was a good colored girl. The man was white. I will not attempt to describe his moral status! But he was punished to the extent of a fine of $25, and the girl was left to shift for herself. One can easily see the connection between this sort of crime and the fact that there is no law requiring marriage between the races. Unquestionably, if the races of the two had been reversed, there would have been a lynching.— M . S. Watts in the Springfield Republican. RACE WAR The Cause THE Evening Sun of Baltimore claims that the Washington riot started because: Negro soldiers returning from the war inflamed their people with stories of race equality in Europe, especially the lack of discrimination in social intercourse. The New York Times discovers some evidence which goes far toward sug gesting that the Bolshevist agitation has been extended among the Negroes, especially those in the South, and that it is bearing its natural and inevitable fruit. The Baltimore American thinks that the spirit of riot is because: Unfortunately, a spirit of hostility to work at the wages that were paid before the war is widespread. And that the discharged Negro soldier has come to feel a sense of dislike for employments that now have for him a servile nature. In Chicago: "It's only working people who are fighting each other and killing," said E. K. Foote, Secretary of the "miscellaneous" local of the Stockyards Labor Council, today. "We are considerig a big mass meeting to be held on the south side with representative trades union men of white and colored races discussing what a foolish thing it is for working people to go after each other with guns and knives." The New York Evening Post brushes much of this aside: But why should we pay attention to dubious and obscure reasons for alarm when there is a glaring one in front of us? The efficacy of tons of "red" literature and platoons of speakers in inflaming Negroes is not to be compared with a single hour of such outrageous violence as it required the whole Chicago police force yesterday to suppress. White bathers began stoning Negroes; they chased one man who drew a revolver, and the struggle was carried from the beach into a Negro quarter of the city. Events of recent weeks would show that it is not the Negro who is to be feared as trouble-maker, but the irresponsible white man. The southern Negro has gained much in recent years and has every right to look forward to gaining more. He has come into our northern cities in growing numbers. Treat him well, and we can laugh at tales of violent propaganda, as we laughed at those of German propaganda; treat him unjustly, and no propaganda will be needed to arouse him. But it is the Jim Jam Jems, a freak journal published in North Dakota and usually rabidly anti-Negro, that gets down to the rock-bottom truth: Look right down into the black record— blacker than the duskiest skin. Truth harms none but the guilty. In the thirty years last past upwards of three thousand American Negroes—citizens of this land— have been brutally mutilated, tortured, butchered, unsexed, burned and lynched. Only recently a Negro woman was disemboweled and her unborn babe torn from her quivering flesh. Almost within sight of the White House, at Alexandria, Va., a Negro was most brutally lynched. A t Springfield, 111., where rest the ashes of Abraham Lincoln, and almost within sight of his tomb, a Negro was burned. Last year at East St. Louis, 111., over forty Negroes were barbarously slaughtered. And, in addition, in the past year thirty-one Negro men and one Negro woman were barbarically lynched. Negroes have been burned at the stake even in John Brown's own State of Kansas. And mark this: In just two places in this world has the smoke from living human torches ascended heavenwards—at Rome under Nero and in the United States of America under the Star Spangled Banner! Look further. The United States—with the aid of the American Negro, too—protested with all its might, with all its billions, with millions of its men, on sea, on land and in the air, against the awful atrocities, mutilations, defilements, butcheries and outrages perpetrated overseas. America's strong arms—upheld by American Negroes, too—spanned the seas and throttled to its death barbaric atrocities abroad. Aren't burnings at the stake, mutilations, tortures, unsexment, hangings, disembowelments, crucifixions and human tortures just as atrocious in America as they are overseas? Why visit barbarities with fire and sword overseas and tolerate them in our own land? America idealizes, enshrines and worships justice—justice to all abroad and at home. Is her arm long enough to span an ocean, and too short to throttle her own Satyrs of bestiality? Most American Negroes are poor; but who stole their toil for generations and still pays them but a pittance? Many American Negroes are ignorant; but who kept them so for generations and still doles out education with niggardly hands? Many American Negroes are not ideal citizens; but would any other race be any better barely half a century ungyved and unmanacled? Many American Negroes are lustful; but are they the only ones, and if so, whence come all the millions of mulattoes? There are ten million American Negroes in this land—their ancestors brought here were kidnapped to minister to American idleness—and but few voices are raised in their behalf. We raise our voice. If American Negroes are good enough, brave enough, courageous enough, patriotic enough, to fight—as they have fought like dusky demons—in every American war, aren't they good enough to be protected at home? Ought the- American Negroes having battled—against fearful odds within and without their ranks—heroically abroad for freedom, to return home to battle against a resurrected Ku Klux Klan? We say NO! The Remedy THE New Bedford Evening Standard asks: Does the Negro in this country get a square deal? If the nation is candid enough to answer that question truly, it should be the first step m an effort to solve the Negro problem that has become so ugly since the war. . . . There will be a Negro question as long as the Constitution is subverted and the Negro is denied his rights. It will grow worse instead of better. Unless .it is met fairly and honestly, some day it will end in a race war. The Springfield Republican declares that: If there is the least danger of the Negro race being influenced by revolutionary prop aganda against the existing institutions of the country, what is the best preventive measure that could be taken? The answer is so easy that no one really needs to be told. Stop the lynchings and burnings of Negroes! Prove that the law was made for them as well as for other citizens, that the Government will protect the black in the most elementary rights as well as the white. WHAT OUR LEADERS SAY Submit I HAVE always warned my peo ple against any sort of rebellion.—Bishop Evans Tyree. Pay no attention to incendiary and retaliatory advices of pretended friends.—Bishop Joshua H. Jones. You may be sure that the riotous happenings of the past do not in any way represent the sentiment of our best colored people—Bishop W. L. Lee. Advise our people to be sober and sane and take no advice from those wh o would counsel violence. — Bishop W. H. Heard. The advice to our people to use violence on the part of our leaders is, to my mind, extremely unwise and is to be condemned by the wisest and best of us. — Bishop G. W. Blackwell. [All of these extracts are from the New York World, except Mr. Robinson's.] Fight THE time has come when thoughtful whit e an d colored people alike will not tole rate wholesale mob bing of innocent Ne groes because of the alleged crime of one. —R. R. Moton. I believe my peo ple should defend their homes and family. — Bishop G. C. Clement. Protect their homes at any cost.— Bishop L. J. Coppin. Our backs have been forced against the wall.— Bishop C. L. Smith. If while exercising these virtues, however, his assailants will not desist, but rather persist in molesting him, let him do what self-respecting people would do — namely, use his gun with effect and impose respect.— Bishop John Hurst. Before the Negroes of this country will again submit to many of the injustices which we have suffered, the white men will have to kill more of them than the combined number of soldiers that were slain in the great world war. —Rev. C. J. Robinson in an open letter to President Wilson. IN FRANCE MEAGE R dispatches reveal the fact that the extraordinary document published in the May CKISIS has at last been openly read in the French Parliament, and black Deputies from Guadaloupe and Martinique asked explanations of this and of the treatment of black French soldiers by American Military Police. The Associated Press dispatch continues: Jules Pams, Minister of the Interior, replying to the Negro Deputies, said that the Government had applied penalties and asked them not to insist upon a discussion of "the very regrettable incidents, as France does not forget the services rendered by her Negro sons." The Minister of the Interior added that the American Government had not hesitated to express regrets in terms that did France the greatest honor. Mr. Pams asked Deputy Boisneuf for reasons of "high diplomacy" to drop the subject. The Deputy said he would not speak of questions that involved diplomacy, but he protested against the complicity of the French Military Authorities in these incidents. Finally, the Chamber of " Deputies by unanimous vote adopted the following resolution : The Chamber, faithful to the immortal principles of the rights of man, condemning all prejudices of religion, caste or race, solemnly affirms the absolute equality of all men without distinction of race or color, and their right to the benefit and protection of all the laws of the country. The Chamber counts upon the Government to apply these laws and see that the necessary penalties for their infringement are inflicted. The Buffalo Express says: Enemies of Ireland have said to its friends: "You have no more right to approach the Peace Congress than the American Negroes, another race who claim to be oppressed, would have to ask redress from the same body. What would the Government of the United States say to that?" Well, just that thing has happened. William Monroe Trotter, of Boston, representing the National Equal Rights League, has sent to Sir Eric Drummond, Secretary General of the League of Nations, a petition asking that certain clauses be inserted in the covenant. These clauses, the petition says, are designed to secure for American Negroes and other racial minorities "full democracy." The petition tells of the part taken on the battle-front by Negroes of the United States and other countries. "It is notoriously indisputable," the petition says, "that colored Americans were deprived of or denied, either in law or in fact, full liberty and democracy." NEGRO LABORERS: MINERS, MILLINERS, STEEL WORKERS, P 250 PRINTERS, FACTORY HANDS, LAUNDERERS AND SEAMSTRESSES. 251 The Horizon VINCENT Saunders INDUSTRY IN a competitive examination for promo tion from lower grades to the first grade in the Customs Division of the United States Civil Service, New Orleans, La., there were nine white and three colored men who took the test. The three colored men headed the list, with marks as follows: Lucius B. Bailey, 93.65r; ; Antoine De Lay, 85.70%; Charles D. Levy, 83.65%. Of the nine white men who took the test, four passed, the highest making an average of 78.75%. C A Negro at Wharton, Tex., Edward Roberts, has sold a 840-acre farm for $84,000. C The Standard Life Insurance Company, of Atlanta, Ga., reported at its annual meeting $8,208,720 of insurance in force, covering 9,218 policies. It paid $79,733 in death losses during the year. Its total assets amount to $295,132. H. E. Perry is president and H . H . Pace, secretary-treasurer. C The Great Southern Fire Insurance Company, with a capital stock of $100,000, has been chartered at Atlanta, Ga., by Negroes. Among its backers are Charles Thomas, H. A. Rucker, A. F. Herndon, David T. Howard, Dr. H. R. Butler, Sol. Johnson, Bishop J. S. Flipper, D. A. Townsly, C. A. Bullard, H. E. Perry, J. A. Hopkins. C Walter Cunningham, a colored machinist, has perfected a device for tapping bolts, at the Hog Island Shipyard, which enables workmen to tap over 900 bolts instead of about 350; he has, also, made a latch device for a threading machine, which enables the machine to handle over 1,000 bolts per day in the treading process, whereas about 250 could be handled formerly. ([ Colored porters on the Missouri. Pacific and Frisco Railroads have been placed on the basis of brakesmen, at $114.60 to $119.75 per month. They received from $103 to $483 in back royalties. A rate of $2.66 per mile excess over 4,500 miles per month will also be paid. Some men average an excess of 750 miles per month. G Over two hundred colored women are employed at pork killing and cutting in the Cudahy and Morris packing plants, Omaha. C A t Independence Heights, a Negro town in Texas, a charter has been granted for the operation of the American Milling Company. This mill will be conducted by colored people and has a capacity of fifteen barrels of flour and ten barrels of meal daily. C. Chicago's labor market includes 500,000 wage earners, of whom 54,557 are Negroes. According to the number of wage earners, the Negroes are tenth on a list of seventeen nationalities. C The Mechanics Savings Bank of Savannah, Ga., reports assets of $123,928 and deposits of $58,234. It has purchased a site on the corner of West Broad and Maple Streets, where it will erect a building next year. Henry Pearson is president. C In Kansas City, Mo., there is a Negro who is one of the biggest stone contractors in the United States—Charles Howell. He owns a twelve acre tract, known as Howe . Heights, two quarries and a stone cutting yard. G A community laundry for colored housewives is to be established in Nashville, Tenn., as an effort of the Methodist Episcopal Church South. The building will cost $10,000. C The Allport, Ark., Colony and Industrial Association has taken over 37,000 acres of land in Lonoke, Jefferson and Arkansas Counties for a Negro colony. C Negro freight handlers at the Municipal Terminal, Memphis, Tenn., went on a strike for an increase of forty cents an hour. The city met their demand within a few hours,— fifty car-loads of freight were waiting disposition. The freight handlers now receive $3.20 per day. C The Wage Earners Savings Bank, a Negro institution in Savannah, Ga., has acquired at $1,000 per front foot the remaining eighty feet of the block on which the bank is located. A modern hotel, theatre, auditorium and department store will embrace the structure, which will total an expenditure of $500,000. 252 C The Fidelity Savings Bank, capitalized at $25,000, has been opened in Savannah, Ga., making the fourth Negro bank in this city. C Robert Lee Andrews, a Negro in Houston, Tex., has conducted a retail and wholesale grocery business for nineteen years. He is one of the two Negro citizens who pay taxes on property assessed above $,'10,000. He is assisted in his business by his son. Recently Mr. Andrews, Sr., purchased the Ewing Residence, where the millionaire George Hermann used to live, and a 1920 Cadillac Eight, paying $4,800 cash for the latter. C The Tidewater Bank and Trust Company has been opened in Norfolk, Va. It has a paid-up capital of $100,000, all owned by Negroes, and a $40,000 building. On the day that the bank was opened the deposits amounted to $70,000. The president is Mr. P. B. Young. MUSIC AND ART TWO southern numbers, called "From the South," written by the violinist-composer Gaylord Yost, after the Negro idiom, are among late compositions published by the Boston Music Company for the violin. C Of a folk-song program given by Anne Thursfield in London, the English reviewer says: "Perhaps the most unfamiliar and the most beautiful in the whole list were two of the Negro revivalist songs from America." C A t Harrisburg, Pa., on July 1, a "Jubilee Sing" was given by colored people of Harrisburg and Steelton, under the auspices of the War Camp Community Service. Part I was devoted to well-selected miscellaneous numbers given by a trained chorus under direction of Charles F. Howard; part II consisted of "Negro Spirituals" directed by Mrs. Forence Ackley Ley. C The eleventh biennal of the National Federation of Music Clubs was held at the Mac Dowell Colony at Peterborough, N. H. The principal orchestral number given was Henry F. Gilbert's "Humoresque on Negro Minstrel Tunes." Miscellaneous numbers included Burleigh's "Little Mother of Mine," sung by Jerome Uhl, baritone; John Alden Carpenter's "The Lawd is Smilin' Thro de Do' " and Burleigh's "The Gray Wolf," sung by Christine Miller, contralto. C. Clarence Cameron White, violin virtuoso, is rapidly receiving deserved recognition as a composer. His lately published "Ban danna Sketches," pieces for violin and piano, based on Negro themes, have been played by the young American violinist Mayo Wadler while on tour in Cuba. Madam Maud Powell has signified her intention of using the sketches on her programs this coming season, while the compositions have also won the interest of Fritz Kreisler. C "Go Down, Moses," one of the finest of the Negro Spirituals arranged by H. T. Burleigh, and sung by the composer, is announced as the first of a number of phonograph records to be presented by this distinguished musician. ([ The choral numbers given at the annual Norfolk, Conn., Festival this summer were the first of the three "Hiawatha Cantatas" by Samuel Coleridge-Taylor. The soloists were Anna Case, Lambert Murphy and Emilio de Gorgorza. Arthur Mees was the conductor. A "Rhapsodie Negre," said to possess "musicianly qualities and forceful climaxes," was played by the American pianist composer John Powell. C Lonia Jones, the young Negro violinist who graduated in the 1918 Violin Class of the New England Conservatory and was immediately drafted as private in the United States Army, returned from France in July as Assistant Bandmaster of the 807th Infantry Band, under the leadership of Mr. Vodery. This band won an enviable reputation as a musical organization, as well as for the excellent conduct of the men. CProfessor Roy W. Tibbs, head of the Piano Department of Howard University, re ceived the degree of Master of Arts in Music from Oberlin College, June, 1919. When the war broke out he was studying in Paris, under Philipp, the famous French teacher of the piano. C A Negro theatrical circuit has been formed, headed by E . C. Brown, the banker, of Philadelphia and Norfolk, with Lester A. Walton, General Manager. The opening of a school of dramatic art in New York for colored men and women has been decided upon, and a booking office to supply colored theatres throughout the country with colored acts is planned. G Anita Johnson, a twelve year old colored pianist of Augusta, Ga., has appeared in recitals, with works of Rachmaninoff, Kautski, Gottschalk, Mendelssohn and Beethoven on her program. Of her appearance in Birmingham, Ala., for the benefit of Sixteenth Street Baptist Church, the Age-Herald 254 says: "This child plays with singular repose and intelligent phrasing; especially graceful and musicianly was her reading of the Mendelssohn number." Her brother, younger than she, is a violin soloist. SOCIAL PROGRESS IN a recent campaign the colored branch of the Y. M. C. A. in St. Louis, Mo., added 1,000 members to its force. C William Monroe Trotter after being denied a passport to attend the Peace Conference in the interest of the Negro race qualified as a cook, and in this means got to France. He has returned to America and says: "Ragged and hungry and in need of funds, I made my way to Paris. Although I was denied an interview with President Wilson, I succeeded in sending a formal protest to the Peace Conference and a petition to every member of the assembly at Versailles." G In order to avoid the question of the constitutionality of Oklahoma City's Segregation Ordinance, William Floyd, a colored man, has been allowed to take possession of his property, in spite of the fact that more than 751% of the owners in the block were white. G The first legal battle in the North between the two factions of the colored Odd Fellows resulted in a decision that the B. M. C, held in New York by the Noel faction was the legal body and that the Morris body was illegal. This decision was handed down by the Supreme Court of New York. C Mr. H. A. Johnson, of Brooklyn, N. Y., has been granted U . S. Patent 1,310,344 for a new invention of airplanes. C Mr. A. L. Jackson, Secretary of the colored Y. M. C. A. in Chicago, has resigned to become Educational Secretary of the National Urban League. He is a graduate of Harvard, '14. G Negroes from southern Georgia are steadily moving toward the North. C Mrs. Cora I. Parchment has been appointed policewoman in New York City. C Troop B, the only colored Boy Scout troop in Rock Island County, 111., won the loving cup offered by the county. The Scoutmaster is William Taylor. C The Denver Times offered prizes for an automobile race, open to all. Afterward they tried to bar William Helm because he was colored. He refused to be ousted, start CRISIS ed thirty seconds behind the other contestants, passed nineteen of them on the road, and finished second. It is acknowledged that with a fair start he would have beaten them all. C In Phoenix, Ariz., there are 1,700 colored people, who own $700,000 in property and have four churches and a weekly paper. G The Chancery Court in Tennessee has declared that the National Baptist Publishing House does not belong to the National Convention or to the Baptist denomination, but is the private property of R. H. Boyd and his eight associate members on the Publishing Board. The property is worth $350, 000. C In New Bern, N. C, there is a Commercial Association of the leading Negro business men, divided into educational, sanitation and health and entertainment committees. These representatives attend meetings of the white people in the interest of the Negro citizens. C The State Penitentiary in Texas has been remodeled for a State Asylum for Negro Insane, for which the Legislature appropriated $390,000 for remodeling, equipping and furnishing. It has accommodations for 900 patients. Dr. W. T. Johnson has been chosen Superintendent of the institution. G A new building for colored patients at Milledgeville, Ga., has been completed and turned over to the trustees of the Georgia State Sanitarium. The building cost $90,000 and has accommodation for 400 patients. C William L. Fitzgerald and Warner T. McGuinn, Negroes in Baltimore, Md., have taken seats as City Councilmen. C Jesse O. Thomas has been appointed to the staff of the National Urban League as Southern Field Organizer. He resigns as Supervisor of Negro Economics for the State of New York. For six years Mr. Thomas was Field Secretary for Tuskegee Institute. C Mrs. Mary Church Terrell has returned from abroad where she was the Negro delegate to the International Congress of Women held in Zurich. She delivered an address, mostly in German, and offered the following resolution, which was unanimously adopted: "We believe no human being should be deprived of an education, prevented from earning a living, debarred from any legitimate pursuit in which he wishes to engage, or be subject to any humiliation on account of race or color, We recommend that members of this Congress should do everything in their power to abrogate laws and customs which lead to discrimination against human beings on account of race or color." C Representative Beaty, a Negro member of the General Assembly in Ohio, has had passed H . J» R. 72, which authorizes an investigation into the executive management of Wilberforce University. The findings and recommendations are to be filed with the Governor not later than December 1, 1919. (I Ralph W. Tyler has won a suit against the Union News Company for discrimination in a railroad dining-room in Ohio. C White people in Memphis, Tenn., have been foiled in their efforts to oust Negro residents from Brooklyn Avenue. Instead of fleeing from their property the Negroes are gathering funds and rebuilding. C Frank A . Bryon, of Chicago, 111., who has been an attache of the United States Capitol for eighteen years, is now Assistant Clerk of the Committee on Naval Affairs of the House of Representatives. He is a graduate of Howard University Law School. C Al f Britton, a Negro charged with stealing coal from the railroad, has been awarded $100 damages against United States Director General of Railroads Hines, for "ruined reputation and deep humiliation," by the Bell County, Ky., Circuti Court. EDUCATION ROBINSON M. HAYDEN, a Negro graduate in pharmacy from Columbia University, was sixth on the honor roll in a class of 150 students. He received a prize for his high standing in scholarship. C The Board of Missions of the Methodist Episcopal Church South has appropriated $10,000 each to five Negro schools and $50,000 to Paine College. These sums are one-fifth of the total to be appropriated to these institutions during the next five years as a result of the Centenary Campaign. C An appropriation of $123,000 for Howard University, which was stricken out by the House, was restored by the Senate and passed Congress. C The president of the Dupont Power Company at Wilmington, Del., has given a trust fund of $2,000,000 for modernizing the public schools of Delaware, outside of Wilmington, of which $400,000 will go to the schools of Negro children. SOL. BUTLER G Sol. Butler, the Negro contestant from Dubuque College, in the inter-allied games at Paris, won the running broad jump and was decorated with the medal of the Fourth Class of the Order of Danillo by the King of Montenegro. C J. W. E. Bowen, Jr., has been elected 256 president of Walden University, Nashville, Tenn. Mr. Bowen is a recent graduate of Harvard. G Lane College, Jackson, Tenn., has been given $7,000 by the General Education Board, on condition that the school raise $13,000. C A colored graduate of Scotia Seminary in North Carolina has given $10,000 to the Freedmen's Work of the Presbyterian Church. C Six hundred Negro teachers from fourteen states were enrolled at the tenth annual summer school at Tuskegee Institute. C Charles H. Moore, State Inspector of Colored Schools in North Carolina, reports that in thirty-eight counties of the state the Negroes have contributed for the building of new schools for their children, the sum of $32,453.75, against $43,000 appropriated by school officials. G In a class of sixteen graduates from the Springfield, 111., High School nine were colored—seven girls and two boys. Miss Ruth Walls was an honor pupil, having maintained an average of 85% during her course. G Julius Rosenwald contributes from $400 to $500 for Negro schoolhouses in the South, provided the colored patrons raise from $750 to $1,000. Under this arrangement 500 model schools, representing nearly $750,000, have been recently erected for colored children. Of this sum the colored people contributed $265,179, the states $213,346, southern white people $54,399 and Mr. Rosenwald $193,616. These schoolhouses are situated as follows: Alabama, 179; North Carolina, 85; Tennessee, 59; Louisiana, 49; Virginia, 38; Mississippi, 28; Georgia, 23; Arkansas, 22, etc. C Twenty graduates of Dunbar High School, Class '19, were awarded scholarships to various universities throughout the country. Of 123 graduates, sixty-four will continue their education in colleges, forty-six in Minor Normal School, three in dentistry, one in pharmacy, one in trained nursing, one in business, one in music; six were undecided. C A $60,000 school ' and administration building is being erected at Wiley University. C The Rev. W. E. Griffin has succeeded Dr. James P. Bourne, who resigned in May, as a representative of the Negro race on the School Board in Atlantic City, N . J. CRISIS MEETINGS THE eleventh annual session of the Empire State Federation of Women's Clubs was held in New York City, with 200 delegates present, representing twenty-five clubs with 2,358 members. Mrs. M. C. Lawton is president. C Ninety-eight clubs, representing 4,000 Negro women, met in Philadelphia at the sixteenth annual convention of the Federation of Women's Clubs. Mrs. Ruth Bennett, of Chester, is president. CThe South Carolina Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met in Spartanburg, under the presidency of Mrs. M. B. Wilkinson. They sent $1,000 to the State Board of Health for colored tubercular patients. C The annual Y . M . C. A . conference at Kings Mountain, N . C , was attended by 125 student representatives from sixty colored schools. G Representatives of 123 missionary boards and other Negro agencies of nine Negro denominations recently met in Columbus, Ohio, and planned to co-operate in missionary, educational, church extension and other activities. A Findings Committee was appointed, with Bishop G. W. Clinton, president. C Bishops of the A. M. E., A. M. E. Zion and C. M. E. Churches will hold their semiannual convention during February in Nashville, Tenn. C The State Federation of Women's Clubs in Washington held its third annual session in Spokane, and re-elected Mrs. John E. Mappes president. Seventy-three clubs responded with fifty-four delegates. Addresses of welcome were delivered by the Mayor and the president of the white federation. G The Iowa Colored Alumni, an organization of thirty-five Negro graduates from the State University of Iowa, has held its fifth annual meeting and elected Attorney S. Joe Brown, of Des Moines, president. G The annual Colored Student Conference of the Y. W. C. A. has been held at Talladega College, with representatives from thirty-seven Negro institutions in attendance. GThe National Congress of Race Fraternities will meet October 8-10 at Memphis, Tenn. C There were 3,042 representatives in at tendance at the Baptist Sunday School Congress, which convened in Bessemer, Ala. GHETTO SUPERINTENDENT OF SCHOOLS W. J. DYKES, of Atlanta, Ga., issued a bulletin to school principals in June, which said: "Al l teachers- are advised to register and to vote in elections that concern the welfare of the schools. This is not politics. It is pro bono publico." The bulletin was not sent to colored principals; however, the Atlanta Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. has taken steps to promote the registration of the colored teachers. C In Houston, Texas, the following wages are paid to school teachers: the white teachers for eight grades receive $50, $60, $70, $80, $90, $111 and $122 per month; the colored teachers receive $45, $50, $55, $60, $65, $70, $75 and $80 per month, with larger classes and fewer facilities; the white principals get $1,200 to $2,700 a year; the colored principals, from $960 to $1,200. CRIME CITIZENS of East St. Louis have sent a sarcastic message to Senator Sherman and Congressmen Dyer, Johnson and Baker, in regard to the Washington riot. These men were members of the East St. Louis Investigating Committee. C Fourteen white men have been arrested in connection with the Longview, Tex., riot. Dr. B. H. Davis, the colored man accused of precipitating the riot, escaped to Kansas, where he will fight extradition. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Milan, Ga., May 26, Berry Washington; murder in defense of Negro women. Mineral Wells, Miss., May 28, unknown Negro; attempting to attack white women. Bay Minette, Ala., June 23, Frank Foukal (white) ; shot for murder. Rich ton, Miss., July 2, unknown Negro; hanged for discussing Hartfield lynching. Gilmer, Tex., July 24, Chilton Jennings; attack on white woman. Cochran, Ga., August 6, unknown Negro; hanged for discussing Chicago riot. PERSONAL DR. DANIEL H. WILLIAMS, a Negro physician of Chicago, 111., was given a silver loving cup by the Pan-Missouri Medical Association, at its ninth annual session, June, 1919, at Kansas City, Mo. (T The will of the late Harriet Blanchard, of Philadelphia, Pa., bequeaths $50,000 to St. Paul N . and I, School in Virginia. CThe Police Weekly Bulletin says of Cornelius Carter, a Negro police officer in Kansas City, Mo., who rounded up a gang of motor thieves: "His entire conduct in the case savored of cool, keen, good judgment." C Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, president of the National Association of Colored Women, is working in France under the Y. W. C. A. She is an accredited delegate to the National Council of Women. d JacksonHill, a Negro farmer near Fayette, Mo., is dead at the age of eighty years. He leaves an estate valued at over $40,000. C Mrs. Annie Blackton, a colored woman at Camden, N . J., was willed $25,000 and a home by her late employer, Oliver P. Wood. CMrs. C. C. Spaulding, wife of the General Manager of the North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company, Durham, N . C , is dead. C Professor J. H. Jackson, the first colored graduate of Berea College, is dead, at Cincinnati. THE WAR R. R. WRIGHT, the Negro educator of Savannah, Ga., has sailed to Belgium, England and France, at the assignment of Governor Dorsey, to gather data of Georgia Negroes in the war. d Lieutenant James Reese Europe Post 1 has been granted a charter in the American Legion. It has a membership of 100 Negro veterans, with Alexander Mann, Commander. C Private Edward Merrifield, Company E, 366th Colored Infantry, has been awarded the Distinguished Service Cross for "Courage and disregard for his own safety," in an action in front of Frapelle, France. He re- , ceived six wounds in his left hip during this engagement. C A memorial has been unveiled at the National Cemetery in New Albany, Ind., in honor of Private Henry W. Richardson, a Negro who died on shipboard enroute to France. The monument was erected from a fund of $500 raised by his comrades. White people vied with the Negroes in doing honor to Private Richardson in the parade that preceded the ceremonies. CThe appointment of Captain in the Infantry has been given by the War Depart-, ment to former Lieutenant Charles H. Fearing, a Negro of St. Louis, Mo. Lieutenant Fearing was twice recommended for promotion to a Captaincy during his service THE EMBASSY FROM HER MAJESTY, ZAUDITU, QUEEN OF THE KINGS OF ETHIOPIA AND EMPRESS OF ABYSSINIA. (See page 259.) in France with the 365th Colored Infantry. C Two colored men have been decorated with the Croix de Guerre,—John Baker, of the 368th Infantry—"A soldier of admirable courage," and Joseph James, of the same regiment, who receives his cross with a Gold Star, for rescuing a wounded comrade under fire. G_ Lieutenant R. Campbell, U. S. A., has been assigned to the A . &amp; T. College at Greensboro, N . C , as Professor of Military Science and Tactics. He has a Distinguished Service Cross and Croix de Guerre, with bronze star. ([ Lieutenant Frierson, of the Ninth Cavalry, has been placed upon the retired list on the United States Army. He has been in active service for more than thirty years. C John T. Gant, of Washington, D. C , a sergeant in the 366th Infantry, has received the Medaille Militaire from the Belgium Government, for conspicuous bravery at Grand Rue, Vosges, September 1, 1918. C Captain Charles G. Kelly, formerly of the 366th Infantry, has been appointed Special Field Agent of the Federal Board for Vocational Education. His headquarters are at New Orleans, La., and his duties comprise supervision over discharged Negro Soldiers. C In the A. E. F. there were fifty col ored chaplains—13 Baptists, 13 M. E., 9 A. M. E., 4 A. M. E. Z., 4 Congregationalists, 3 C. M. E., 2 P. E., 1 United Presbyterian and 1 undesignated. In the Regular Arm y there were 4 colored chaplains and three in the National Guard. (L A regiment of the Pioneer Infantry, the 807th, has recently returned from France, several of whose soldiers were decorated with the Croix de Guerre. They were in the Argonne offensive and had many casualties. Two of their number—Butler and Thompson—took first place in the athletic contests of the A. E. F. at Dijon, and were headed for Paris, but the regiment left before the games took place. C General Von Lettow Vorbeck, Commander of the German Colonial troops in East Africa, states that his army at the outbreak of the war consisted of 200 whites and 2,000 Askaris; but the numbers increased to 3,000 Europeans and 13,000 natives; at the time of the armistice the forces had been reduced by losses to 250 whites and 1,200 Askaris. They covered nearly 4,000 miles in the course of the fighting. ([ Sergeant C. D. Pinkney, a Negro of Pittsburgh, Pa., captured fifteen Germans single-handed, for which he has been awarded the Croix de Guerre with Palm. ([ The Crispus Attucks Post of the American Legion has been formed by Negro veterans in Pittsburgh, Pa. FOREIGN A MISSION from Abyssinia has been visiting the various countries of Europe and America. They were received by the President of France and the King and Queen of England, and toured the country. When they came to the United States, their boat flew the Abyssinian flag, and they stopped at the Waldorf Astoria. President Wilson received them at the White House. While in New York, they were refused dinner at the National Democratic Club and at the Republican Club, where the Consul-General of Persia was to entertain them. The gentlemen composing the mission were Dejazmatch Nado, a Duke, member of the Royal Family and Chief of the envoys; Kantibar Gabru, A Court Official; and Ato Herui, Mayor of Adis Ababa, the Capital of Abyssinia. They were, in color, dark mulattoes, with predominant Negro blood. C Sir T. F. Victor Buxton, Bart, President of the Anti-Slavery and Aboriginies Protection Society of England, is dead. C Mr. Morris Evans, a white author of South Africa, is proposing reforms in native government, including a Native Affairs Council, local self-government in native areas and limited representation in Parliament. (I The African Political Association of Cape Town has held a meeting and listened to an address by former President Dr. Abdurahman, on the disabilities of colored people in South Africa. He mentions the Pass laws, the "Jim-Crow" railway travel, unjust land acts and the tyranny of the trades unions. . C The Paramount Chief of Basutoland has departed for a visit to England. C The eighth annual conference of the South African Native National Congress has been held at Queenstown, under the presidency of S. M . Makgatho. C A marble and granite monument to the late Mrs. Maggie Makiwane was recently unveiled in South Africa. She was a widely known Bantu teacher. Morgan College and Branches JOHN 0. SPENCER, Ph.D., President HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Collegiate and Professional Schools JUNIOR COLLEGE leading to Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism, or Commerce and Finance four year course, giving degree, A.B. or S.B.; A.B. or S.B. in Education; S.B. in Journalism; S.B. in Commerce. SCHOOL OF APPLIED SCIENCE, four year course, giving degTee, S.B. in C.E., S.B. in E.E., S.B. in M.E,, S.B. in Arch., S.B. in Agrl., or S.B. in H.E SCHOOL OF MUSIC, four year course, giving degree of Mus.B. SCHOOL OF RELIGION, three year course, giving degree of B.D. (Also diploma and correspondence courses.) SCHOOL OF LAW . three year evening course, giving degree of LL.B . SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental students : three years for Pharmaceutical. Following degrees given: M.D.. D.D.S., Phar.C. For Catalog and Information Write— REGISTRAR DWIGHT 0. W. HOLMES Howard University, Washington, D. C. WILLIAM PICKENS, Litt.D., Vice-President MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION — I n great college town between the North and South. POLICY— Co-educational. COURSES— Four years, appropriate degrees. Preparation for professional study. Advanced education. Graduates certificated for elementary and high school teaching in the State. FACULTY— College and university trained men and women. NE W SITE— Forty acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. TERMS— — Ver y reasonable. INFORMATION—Address Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. MORGAN ACADEMY, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION — I n the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus. Healthful surroundings. DORMITORIES— Kquipped and supervised. Can care for SO students. TERMS — Ver y moderate. PRINCIPAL—Lee M. McCoy, A.M. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch of Maryland State College of Agriculture.) LOCATION— Somerset County, famous eastern shore of Maryland. COURSES— Preparatory, normal, industrial, domestic, music. DORMITORIES—Carefully supervised; fur nished. TERMS — Fre e tuition ; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL— Thomas H. Kiah, A.M. All Schools Open September 29, 1919 Dormitories Open Sept. 27, 1919 1875 STATE 1919 AGRICULTURAL AND MECHANICAL COLLEGE FOR NEGROES NORMAL, ALABAMA A COMBINATION HARD TO BEAT A Thorough English Education Combined with a Trade WHAT TRADE WOULD YOU LIKE TO TAKE? Trades for Boys, 12 Trades for Girls, 7 Trades for both Sexes, 2 SUMMARY OF OUR GRADUATES—1875-1919 Department of Academics Department of AgricultureDepartment of Household Economics Department of Mechanic Arts WHAT Principals of district schools Teachers in rural schools Principals in secondary or high schools.. Teachers in grammar or high schools.... Doctors Lawyers Dentists Pharmacists Druggists Working at trades Bankers U. S. Government Service Jeanes teachers Directors of hook establishments THEY 163  296  24  90  41 J 3  10  302 1  38 7 2 AR E DOING Editors and Bookkeepers U. S. FarmUndertakersContractors 1Z17 ' 118 '_4 70 .'.'''!!'.'*' 227 2266 Journalists 8 '.'.'.'.*.*.'. 15  Demonstrators.....'.'.'.'.'.'.*.'*.* 2  and Embalmers. .'.'.'.'.'.6 and Builders 8 U. S. Bureau of Education 1 Farmers '.'.'.'.'.*.'. 340 Housekeepers .*".''*'.''"'' 498 Dead and unaccounted for............... 398 T°t»l 2266 Soldiers in the Great War . 235 STATE AND UNITED STATES APPROPRIATIONS Property consists of 182 acres of land, 20 buildings for all purposes, live stock and eeneml a equipment valued at $202,000. Send for catalog today. * n  general WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. STATE OF NEW JERSEY MANUAL TRAINING and INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall	 term begins September 15, 1919. For	 information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal THE BEST SCHOOL in which to learn a trade and at the same time take your literary course. Do not waste money and time taking them separately. Positions await the well trained. BEFORE TOTJ DECIDE which 1B the best school for you to attend, send lor a catalog. NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Miss Nannie H. Burroughs, President, Lincoln Heights, Washington. D. C. Learn the Auto and Tractor Business In from Eight to Twelve Weeks at the Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College PRAIRIE VIEW, TEXAS For full information, address W. P. TERRELL, SUPT. MECH. DEPT. Prairie View, Texas The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. 0. I, Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 Graduates receive the Teachers' Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. Lincoln University Beginning September 22, 1919, the requirement for admission to the Theological Department will be graduation from a College of Liberal Arts. Young Men wishing to prcpaic for the Ministry in a Seminary, all whose resources will henceforth be devoted to the education of the adequately trained alone, are invited to write to President, John B. Rendall Lincoln University P. 0., Pennsylvania. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President We	 have room for a few more young men in our RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS The Government furnishes cots, blankets, bed sacks, uniforms, rifles, ammunition and an officer to give MILITARY INSTRUCTION Students pay their own board and lodging amounting to $12 per month, but they may work out all or any part of this according as provision is made with the President. All students carry on their regular academic studies and trades courses in connection with their military training. Camp Opens Sept. 22nd, and Closes June 1st For admission write LIEUT. W. R. SMALLS, A. and M . College, Normal, Ala. For	 work write PRESIDENT WALTER S. BUCHANAN A. and M . College, Normal, Ala, The STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST. PHILA. PA. (The above picture shows a few of the 1919 business class graduates and teachers of the institution. A large number of our Graduates are holding positions as clerks, stenographers and bookkeepers in the Government Service, banks, insurance companies and other private corporations. Students are coming to us from all over the country through our graduates and others.) For  Grammar SchoolSHORTHAN D  graduates. High School students and others. For children, blindTYPEWRITIN G  people, grammar school students and others. For children,others.  grammarBOOKKEEPIN G  school graduates, high schoolstudents and In 9 lessons apt students can operate a typewriter accurately with eyes closed. Fall term opens Wednesday, October i , 1919. 3-month and 8-month courses. Enroll for "Touch System" of Typewriting at any time—individual attention. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 263 NEW OPPORTUNITY FOR YOUNG COLORED WOMEN THE PROFESSION OF NURSING In order to help supply the demand which is daily increasing- for colored nurses, Mercy Hospital and School for Nurses offers to high grade young colored women a most exceptional three years' course of training*. For further information address Superintendent of Nurses, Mercy Hospital, 50th Street and "Woodland Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa, Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Position The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York Derrick offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Shorthand School Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to Chiids" Building graduates of accredited schools. 1435 Chestnut Street For information apply to: PHILADELPHIA Superintendent of Nurses Enroll Immediately to Hold Place Lincoln Hospital and Home New York City in Class Send for Enrollment Blank and full information HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING Day and Evening Classes SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. NOTE—W e are enrolling Fall Students and Offers to High School graduates and young would advise all who desire to take Special women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a application ONC E Course to send in A Tthree years' course in the profession of nursas places will be at a premium, ing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL Atlanta University An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E Studies of the Negro Problems SISTER-IN-CHAEGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, 20 Monographs Sold Separately Philadelphia, Pa. Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE STENOGRAPHERS WANTED ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. All Baces Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State. Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, PenTHE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIA L CLAS S Contains 296 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical Lenox Community Center—at and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Bound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller Fitz W . Mottley. President. or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL Stenographers Wanted 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. We need three colored stenographers, female; salary, $25 to $35 per week. Apply BUSTS OF with full details to Morales &amp; Company, Booker T. Washington, Brokers, 25 Obrapia, Havana, Cuba. Fred Douglass, Pau Lawrence Dunbar' BIBLE PROFESSOR Bishop Richard Allen' Teacher and Principal $1.50 each. The 4 busts lor $5.00 Agents wanted. Send at once. desire position. Can teach nearly all theological and seminary subjects; also Normal School instructor. Refined, The Isaac Hathaway Art gentle and strictly Christian. Can put life into any school with my novel and Inventive ideas. Write at once. Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET J. L. J., care of THE CRISIS, PINE BLUFF, ARK. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. Mention TH E CRISIS. Reconstruction War — and its aftermath—has opened the eyes of our people. They are now seeing and thinking straight. They now demand of individuals and enterprises seeking their patronage and support, performance rather than glittering promises. They also demand evidences of stability in such enterprises and experience on the part of those conducting them. The management of the Southern Ai d Society of Virginia, Inc., rejoices to see this day—They have labored, in season and out, for 26 years to help to bring about just such improvement in our business relationships. The Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., has always issued a superior contract—Th e only one guaranteeing payments for Sickness and Accidents each week of every year and an undiminished Death Claim after death. To-day it challenges the country to show a better record—than the following—for an institution confining its business to its Home State. 26 years of satisfying service to policy-holders. $30,000.00 Capital Stock, fully paid in. $50,000.00 Federal, State &amp; City Bonds. $50,000.00 1st Lien Mortgages—Loans to our people tc secure good homes in desirable locations. $100,000.00 Cash in Banks. $150,000.00 Real Estate—Free from all encumbrances. W e invite the scrutiny of the reconstruction attitude of the insuring public SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies Throughout the State A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. L. JORDAN, Sec. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. S. ORCHARDVILLE LOTS GOING FAST! PEOPLE FROM ALL OVER THE COUNTRY TAKING ADVAN TAGE OF OFFER AND SECURING IDEAL LOTS, UNDER NEW DEVELOPMENT PLAN, IN Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $49 50 II YOU WANT TO SECURE AN ORCHARDVILLE EACH Lot IS GUARANTEED To BE HIGH AND DRV LOT YOU MUST ACT QUICKLY. PEOPLE FROM UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, AN]) THE ALL OVER THE COUNTRY ARE SECURING Tim CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU THE PROTEC LOTS, AND THE DEMAND TOR THEM IS INTION YOU WANT. CREASING BY LEAPS AND BOUNDS. Orehardville is located in a HIGH-GRADE FRUIT The price of the lots, as stated above, is only $49.50 each, ajid tiie terms are only S3.00 a month. .smaller GROWING REGION and is to bo developed into a terms when more than one lot is purchased. N) i INTEREST. BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY. Each lot will have a beautiful shade tree and FIVE HIGH-GRADE FRUIT TREES planted on it. and will DO NOT DELAY THIS MATTER BECAUSE THE LOTS be cultivated and taker, .-an- of by US for FOUR YEARS ARE GOING FASTI WITHOUT EXTRA COST TO YOU. When the fruit trees come into commercial bearing they should earn Our BEAUTIFUL CIRCULAR and BOOKLET contains you EXCTJXENT YEARLY RETURNS ON YOUR INall the details uf this offer, also a number of interestVESTMENT WITHOI'T ANY EFFORT ON YOUR PART. ing views and letters from those who have been to Thid 13 one of the main features of this offer. Orchardvllle. Send for a copy of each RIGHT AWAY. The lnts are 9ized 30 x 144 fret, and have plenty of room for a house, garden, chicken yard. shed. etc.. be-Simply write your name and address on I he coupon, Bldea the fruit trees that we will plant on them. mail it. to us NOW, and we'll do the rest ADDRESS THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY and DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SO. LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. Chicago, HI. Date , 1919. Gentlemen: — I am interested in your Orchardvllle offer and would be glad to receive a copy of your circular and booklet without any obligation to me. Name • Address Town State C. 9-19 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Scott's Official History of The American Negro in the Great War A Proud Chapter in the History of the Negro Race The official and authentic history of the true part played by the Negro in the great World War, written by a man whose valuable experience, intimate connection with every phase of the direction of the great struggle, makes it possible to publish the true facts. A great historical volume that should be in every Negro home. Gives inside facts and accurate and official data and pictures which will appear in no other book. Every chapter is full of the very information which you have been anxiously waiting to know. This Great Book tells all about the Negro Everywhere in the World War — How He Did His Duty, in every capacity — from right up in the front line trenches and on the battlefields— clear bac k to the work of keeping the home fires burning; on the farms; in the mills and munition plants; on the railroads and steamships: in shipyards and factories. Men and women with the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the War Cam p Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc. Scott's Official History was written for the Negro by the Negro that the wonderful record of daring deeds, gallant bravery and undying heroism of our black troops might never perish. A great tribute to the patriotism of the Negro Race. Emmett J. Scott, A.M., L.L.D. Agents Wanted Make $8.00 to $20.00 per day — right now — selling Scott's Official History — best book, biggest seller, quickest money-maker for live agents. Ne w from cover to cover. Be first in your territory and get the orders. We pay you highest commissions. Writ0 FREE today for free outfit, including agents' sample book and full instructions. Send 25 cents to prepay postage. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of $2.90 for cloth binding or $3.75 for Morocco binding Written by Emmett J. Scott, A.M., LLD., Special Assistant to Secretary of War, Newton D. Baker. Assisted by the following notable individuals: Dr. Carter G. Woodson, Director of Research, The Association for the Study of Negro Life &amp; History, Inc. Ralph W. Tyler, Accredited Representative of the Committee on Public Information, who accompanied the colored troops 10 war fronts in France. William Anthony Aery , Publication Secretary, Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute. Monroe N. Work, Director Division of Records and Research, Tuskegcc Normal and Industrial Institute. Mrs. Alice Dunbar Nelson (formerly Mrs. Paul Laurence Dunbar) leader in the mobilization of colored women of the country for war work under the auspices of the Wo men's Committee, Council of National Defense. Miss Eva G. Bowles, Executive Secretary, in charge of the colored work of the Young Women's Christian Association. Lieut. T. T. Thomp son, Historian who accom panied the famous Q2d Di vision, U. S. A. to France. Over 600 large pages (equal to 800 ordinary pages). Profusely illustrated with nearly 150 official French and American Negro War Photographs, showing all sides of War Activities and Negro soldier Life, from the Call to the Colors on Through the Training Camps. Then to the Battle Fronts and back to the Happy Home Coming. THE NEGRO HISTORICAL PUBLISHING COMPANY P. O. Drawer WASHINGTON, D. C. **U" St. Station FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Sopran o " She has one of the best voices that God has given her race. "—Los Angeles Times. " Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago Amer ican. Engagements accepted for Concerts. Recitals, Oratorio. Mrs. Talbert will mako her first tour of the southern slates beginning September first at Arkansas. Write for data now. 659 Twenty-eighth Street. Detroit Mloh. CLEOTA J. COLLINS Soprano She has a very lovely lyric soprano voice of beautiful quality and sings song* with style and intelligence. Her recitals are very interesting.— LIL A ROBESON Oj tht Metropolitan Opera Company aj New York 103 W. 143d St., New York City Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 3 Warwick St., Boston, Mass. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera Booking Engagements for Continental Tour Season 1919-1920 Management: M. J. Minor, 2 Mills St., Koxbury, Mass. Edwin Coates Pianist Graduate of Institute of Musical Art, New York City. Featuring the works of Negro composers: Coleridge-Taylor, Charlton, Dett, Diton, Johnson. Write for terms and available dates. Management: GRETCHFN TEN EYCK 167 W . 136th Street New York City WILLIAM RICHARDSON Baritone Concerts—Recitals—Oratorio Joint concerts with Maud Cuney Hare, Pianist Address: 170 "Walnut Ave., Roxbury, Mass. MUSIC was a determining factor in winning the WAK . The American people will give more time to music nuw than ever before. There is nothing that can make the home more cheerful Ihan GOOD MUSIC If you have a player piano let us send you these ROLLS from our catalog: WORD ROLLS Title Price The Song the Sunny Southland Sings.. .76 The Kaiser's Got the Blues 80 •Oh, Death Where is Thy Sting 80 • A Good Man is Hard to Find 90 •St. Louis Blues 80 •Joe Turner Blues 76 •Hooking Cow Blues 90 •Beale Street Blues 90 INSTRUMENTAL ROLLS Hail to the Spirit of Freedom (March) .60 Sympathizing Moon (Song) 60 No Name (Waltz) 60 INSTRUMENTAL ROLLS (Blues) Preparedness Blues 50 Lonesome Road Blues 60 •Ole Miss Blues 60 •Beale Street Blues 50 A charge of 5c per roll for mailing insured. Get these songs for your phonograph or for your piano. Numbers marked (*) may be had for phonograph at $1.00 each postpaid. Piano copies of above listed Rolls 16c each. PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., INC. "HOME OF THE BLUES" 1547 Broadway Gaiety Theatre Bldg. New York, N.Y, KELLY MILLER'S Race Statesmanship Exhibited in Two Great Pamphlets 1. "The Negro in the New Reconstruction." Considered the most powerful plea that has yet come from the author's pen. io cents. 2. "The Disgrace of Democracy." Pronounced in Europe and America as one of the most striking literary documents produced by the World War. io cents. Agents wanted everywhere. Rates to agents 5 cents a copy. Add 10% to bill to cover postage. Address KELLY MILLER Howard University Washington, D. C. STAT EST. STYLES TAILORED • TO - MEASURE At Agent's Inside Wholesale Prices New Fall and Winter Sample Book Now Ready Bigger Samples More Fabrics SENT FREE Additional Styles With inside Wholesale Prices to Agents Styles and Samples to please every taste, to look well on every age and build. Greater cash prof its to agents AMAZING Even if you don't want to be our Agent in your spare CASH PROFITS time, be sure to get our new FREE offer and learn how are being made in we save you one-half on your own clothes. the delightful TAILORING AGENTS—Be sure to write and AGENCY get our new deal with Bigger Profits, TAILORING Better Attention and Prompt Shipments. BUSINESS Why Don't YOU KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Get Into the game? Dept 290, Chicago, ILL. I WANT THAT New SAMPLE BOOK YOU BET please send it to me FREE and PREPAID. Here is my address Name R.F.D Box Postoffice Street &amp; No State Fill in name and address plainly—and mail AT ONCE If you can't be our Agent in spare time, please hand this to some ambitious fellow Mention THE CRISIS. TEACHERS: A state supervisor of schools writes us: "Will you kindly furnish me a large list of teachers for our schools for the next year? I can have them appointed at once. We need them for all types of schools, but primarily COLORED DOLLS for rural schools." 29c, 39c, 69c EACH These UNBREAKABLE Brown Skin Dolls are designed and made by Colored Girls in a Factory Owned and Controlled by Colored People. "Berry's Famous Brown Skin Dolls," are sold by large Department Stores: Little Boy in Rompers $ .29 Little Girl, neatly dressed 39 Little Girl, with hair 69 Country Boy, overalls 69 "Baby Doll," 14", hair 1.60 "Doris," 16", long flowing curls 3.50 So far as we know this is the only Negro Doll Factory in the World. CHILDREN'S DRESSES AND APRONS The "Berry &amp; Ross Company" is now also manufacturing Children's Dresses and Bungalow Aprons: Gingham Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each..$1.35 Percale Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each 1.00 Aprons, Percale 1.35 Very extra size 1,98 Postage, 10c. Berry &amp; Ross Mfg. Co., Inc. Factory 36-38 W. 135th Street NEW YORK CITY Agents Wanted 100 Fine Calling Cards 50 Cents Fashionable styles and sizes for ladies and gentlemen. No extra charge for address or postage. Agents make big profits taking orders for our cards. Big demand everywhere. Al l orders filled promptly. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis, Ind. Teachers Wanted In a secondary school with high standards the following teachers are needed: Bible and Social Service. English and French. Shorthand and Expert Bookkeeper. Domestic Science and Arts. Dressmaking, Tailoring and Millinery Matron. School north of Mason and Dixon Line. Only capable, cultured, experienced. Christian women need apply. Address, Secondary Sohool, care of The Crisis. Dolls- Dolls High grade colored dolls that you can depend on in natural brown colors at reasonable prices—also beautiful Negro calendars with colored children for a subject. These calendars come in a great number of subjects. We are now making them up for the trade also for home use. Our agents are doing well selling these goods. Send for proof and get started to making good money. Reliable selling agents wanted. AH our aoods are sold on their merits. OTIS H. GADSDEN 63 Park Row New York City We also have immediate calls for teachers of auto mechanics, carpentry, painting, agriculture, Spanish and French. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington, D. O. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. Would you like to know why the Negro and Caucasian are mixing inspite of prejudice ? Then, read " As Nature Leads." by J. A. Rogers, author of " From Superman to Man." Undoubtedly the moat fearless analysis of the Negro-Caucasian situation by any author. The writer penetrates to the very heart of the subject and In a style bubbling with vigor he puts In the clearest language thoughts of your Innermost consciousness. Arguments supported by the world's greatest scientists and philosophers. Easily read. A book you will read and re-read and give to your friends. Price. $1.25: by mall, $1.39. Agents wanted. Dept. A, Hayes Book Store, 3640 State Street, Chics go. III. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. N . E . Cor. 8th and Plum SU. , Cincinnati, Ohio Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Telephone: Capitol 4957. JNO. C. NORMAN Registered Architect and Engineer Office: 2d Floor, Room G', K. of P. Building, Charleston, W. Va. Central 266 Telephones: Main 220 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 202-206 Engineers Building Cleveland, Ohio BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 3487 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW I 84 School Street Boston Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechep HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Mention TH E CRISIS. MISSING Pages in AMERICAN History A book of ninety-two pages, bound in paper, revealing the services of Negroes in the early wars in the United States of America; 1641-1812. Price (U. S. money order) $1.00 Address L. E. Wilkes 1404 Frankliu St., WASHINGTON, D. C. ** It should be widely distributed."—0. G. Villard. " I will put this copy in Harvard Library."—Prof. A. B. Hart. Teachers, Professional Nurses, Stenographers and persons otherwise trained in business and the professions will find our agency an active, important medium in bringing you in touch with better positions and higher salaries. SYSTEM SERVICE AGENCY, Dept. "E," 71 W. 99th St., New York City 200,000 Live Agents Wanted DUDLEY'S FAMOUS POLISH for Automobiles, Furniture and Floors. Write for term.'. SPECIAL OFFER FOR 90 DAYS We will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of DUDLEY'S FAMOUS POLISH for $5.00. Dudley's Leather &amp; Chemical Works 116 South Main St., Muskogee, Okla, YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The Mecca oi Negro History aud Literature Distributors of Scott's Official History of the Negro in the World War. Cloth, $2.90; Leather, $3.75, post-paid. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE. 135 West 135th Street, New York City. ABC Employment Agency WOMEN, MEN, BOYS, GIRLS JOBS—GOOD JOBS ARE WAITING FOR YOU Phones: Open Drexel 98, 194, 1281 Evenings 4702 S. State St. Chicago, III. IMPORTANT NOTICE Beginning with the November, 1919, issue TH E CRISIS will be increased in size to sixty-eight pages. At the same time the price will be advanced to One Dollar and a Half per year, Fifteen Cents per copy. SPECIAL OFFER Until midnight of 31 October we will receive subscriptions at the old rate of One Dollar per year for as many years in advance as our friends may care to order. This applies to old and new subscribers alike. THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City MAKE MONEY Selling THE CHALLENGE The World's Great Negro Magazine It Fears Only God Write For Terms 2305 7th Avenue, New York City The September issue of the BIRTH CONTROL REVIEW will be Negro Construction Number A play, "They That Sit in Darkness," by Mary Burrill. "The Closing Door," a short story by Ange lina W. Grimke. An editorial by A. Philip Randolph and a poem by James Weldon Johnson. News notes, book reviews, editorials. THE BIRTH CONTROL REVIEW Room 2005, 104 Fifth Ave., New York City Yearly subscription $1.50, six months' trial 50c if mailed with this advertisement, giving name and address. 1000 Agents Wanted Latest Photo Sensation Bethel Art Medallions Just send us any picture of yourself or friend and receive a Beautiful Enlarged Life Size Medallion in a frame of oak or mahogany or ivory or flowered frame. Our price $1.00. Agents sell for $2.00. Life size medallion photos of Madame Walker in beautiful frame. Our price $1.00. Agents sell for $2.00. We can give you lowest prices on all War Histories, Post Card, Pictures, Photo Jewelry, Photo Buttons and Photo Mirrors. A great Negro picture, "His Mother's Prayer," 1 for 20c, 100 for $5.00. Write for free catalog; BETHEL ART CO. 97 South St. Jamaica, N. Y. Mr a m in Peomiiubip- Bookkeeping, u d Saarthud throufh * ! m S will preplrau l.r lia w^fc r pinn while. (Vj(« / faformarfon:. r ar A. D. NoDey, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Ave., Baffalo N.Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 271 Indoor Toilet Convenient — Sanitary "*The Comfort Closet for Homes, Summer Cottages and Camps. Entirely odorless. Scientifically ventilated. Strong chemical* &lt;i isBolve contents; kills all germs. Easily installed. Convenient to move. Contents disposed of easily as garbage. Prevents flybreeding and water contamination. Provides aanitary,odorle8B toilet in borne protected from cold and stormy weather. Only closet with porcelain container. Easily cleaned. Approved by U. S. Health Bureau. 30 Days' Free Trial. Agents make $60 to $100 weekly. Exclusive territory. Ask for booklet—FREE. COMFORT CHEMICAL CLOSET CO. 1670 Factories' BMg. . Toledo, Ohio WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mrs. M . WATSON RUDD, 164 West 131st St. New York City has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—"Writs for particulars. Manuel's Employment Agency (Licensed) First-class situations supplied in private families to male and female help with jjood characters and references. Accommodations for strangers coming to this city. Address G. W. MANUEL, 20 Eases Street, Cambridge, Mass. TH E CRISIS 272 FASHION BOOK MAILED UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair Al l our wigs are hand made and strictly to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Transformations, switches, and Braids anrl all other articles of hair goods. No. 604—Price $10.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dress ers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the skin velvetlike, the hair silklike. Mme. Baum's Mail Order House P. O. BOX 145, Penn. Terminal Station, New York City. When writing, mention this paper. No "drugging"— Take Turkish Baths at Home —enjoy vigorous health For every pain in the head, chest, back, side, etc. — take some drug, the composition, nature, an d effect of which are entirely unknown to you ! NO I Give Nature a chance to be Us own healthful self. Every one knows the value and efficacy of the Turkish Ball) as a cleans ing, invigorating, rejuvenating agent—but the inconvenience of availing oneself of the Turkish Bath has stood in the way of its needed frequent use. But now the real Turkish Bath may he conveniently ami easily taken at home any time in just a few minutes. A Turkish Bath at Home Costs OnlyO With This ROBINSON BATH CABINET Abandon drugs and use this simple, pleasant means to infuse your whole system with new life. If you do Dot get time for physical exercise, walking, etc., if kept indoors all day: if you do not perspire freely enough; if inclined to obesity — you will be delighted with the results of using this wonderful Cabinet, right at home, at a cost of 2c. a bath. FREE BOOK — Illustrated — Written by Men Who Have Mado a Lifetime Study of Bathing in Its Relation to Health and Beauty. 100 pages of vital facts, real knowl edge of scientific bathing for all peo ple who want to live right ami who are willing to make a simple effort to do so. It's most truly. "The Phi losophy of Health and Beauty." Just write a postal today. ROBINSON MFG. COMPANY 1009 N. 12th St.. Toledo, Ohio ADVERTISER BUY IT NEXT TIME If your druggist or hair dresser does not carry it — order direct from us. Special Offer Send $1.23 for our wonderful combination Special of Hair-Grower, Hair Gloss and Indol Face Cream. A Short Road to Success Learn trie INDOL SYSTEM of hair culture by correspondence course. Diplomas granted. Best results. Improvements on other systems. Investigate. Six cents sent us to cover packing and postage will bring you our literature and liberal samples of our hair grower. INDO LABORATORIES, Corp. Dept. C-2 2257 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 	273 Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E . A . Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "COLD" in the Mouth, "-BLEACHING' the Teeth and Preventing Decay. Patents secured on easy terms WANTED Write for particulars. Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified Work JOS. H . STEWART , Attorney-at-Law, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York 494 Louisiana Ave.. N . ".V., Washington, D. C Earn $35.to$100 WEEKLY ALL OR SPARE TIME Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years Ton—yourself—can positively make $35 to MOO a week. I want men, hurtling, energetic. ambitiouB fellows, anxiou B to make money, who ore willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to advertise, sell ana BDDoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 5fl ^ars-the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demon stratlng Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention —nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any part or the house. No plumbing, no water-workB needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakoble. Absolutely guaranteed for,10 years. Remember, fully 70 per cent of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means S300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made §400 profit in 30 days. Rev. Otto Schialze, Mo., got $1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont,, orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlmton, of Wyo., made $60 first two dars. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a post card. Let me write you &amp; long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if yon mean business. But you must be ambitions, you must want to make money. That sail, write a postcard novt I want to pay you $35 to $100 every week, H .	 S. Robinson, Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 5044 Factories Buildind Toledo, Ohio SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cost aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine UTOB and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The water* of the lake and surrounding trout streams a n fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting I Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries? Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things? Do you believe In progress and do you want to have a part In one of the most progressive movements Of the time? Surety! Then you will be Interested In, and want to own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, Michigan. If you act at once you can se cure a beautiful let for only $30.00 each'; $6.00 cash; Si 00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute warranty deed with abstract show ing clear title- Good live energetic Agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bidg So. Dearborn St. Chicago, IIL i Mention Tax CRISIS. Full size of book, 6Vi x 8*/2 Price, $2.25 BY KELLY MILLER The following Are Some of the Inspiring Chapters It Contains Progress in Education. History of Negro Education. The Early Teaching of the Slaves. Education as a Soldier. Church Schools After the War. Independent Schools. Church Denominational Schools. The Coming Men of the Race. The Turning Point. Earning Respect for His Race. Increase of Opportunities. In the Employ of the U . S. Government. The Colored American in the Service of God. Leaders of America Whose Ears are Close to the Ground. The Colored American's Nationality. The World's Congress of Races. Ethiopia, the Great Black Empire. The Genius of Colored Americans. Development of the Race in the U . S. The Overground Railroad. Opportunity for Business Life. Optimism, Pessimism and Indifference. The Victory of the Man Who Dares. Send $2.25 and we will mail you the hook and one large photo of Dean Miller. Don't miss getting all of Kelly Miller's books. AGENTS WANTED W e want agents to sell this wonderful human interest story in every community. We offer you the Agency. Send 25c for Prospectus, and be FIRST in the field. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 623 Ninth St. Washington, D. C. Mention What the People Say From Utica Normal and Industrial Institute, Utica, Mississippi. Dear Sirs:—I have received "Progress of the Colored People," and I am now looking it over. So far as I have gone, it impresses me very much. I feel quite sure that your labors will mean much, not only to the colored people, but all the people who wish to know something of what the Negro Race has been doing with its freedom. Very truly yours, WM. H. HOLTZCLAW, H. W.	 Principal. May Quit the School Room. Gentlemen:—"Find enclosed New York Exchange for $34.00 for the last lot of books. Am delayed a little, send me 40 more books at once. Letter of credit covers same. I have summed my sales up to 170 books, have no trouble in selling, have sold as high as 32 in one day." I will entertain your proposition to give up teaching and act as your general agent. Yours very truly, Prof. G. A. GOODMAN, Marshall County, Miss. Wants 300 Books Quick. Gentlemen:—I have delivered the 80 " Progress of Colored People." Inclosed find my order for 60 more; put in free copies. I will need 300 of these books to complete my delivery, during the next thirty days. No trouble to sell this book. It is a self-seller. A.	 A. DUNCAN, Marion County, Ga. Prof. Kelly Miller, Author, Howard University, Washington, D. C. T H E CRISIS. The  Brownies' Book Announcement is made of the publication beginning in November of a Monthly Magazine for Children DESIGNED FOR ALL CHILDREN, BUT ESPECIALLY FOR OURS. It will be a thing of Joy and Beauty, dealing in Happiness, Laughter and Emulation, and designed especially for Kiddies from Six to Sixteen. It will seek to teach Universal Love and Brotherhood for all little folk—black and brown and yellow and white. Of course, pictures, puzzles, stories, letters from little ones, clubs, games and oh—everything! One Dollar a year       Ten Cents a copy W. E. B. DuBois, Editor A. G. Dill, Business Manager ADDRESS: The Brownies' Book, 2 W. 13th Street, New York City NILE QUEEN PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN "Better Than the Best" FREE "NILE QUEEN" BEAUTY BOOK Just out Write for a Copy FREE For sale at all Drug Stores and first class Beauty Parlors. KASHMIR Chemical Co. Dept. K       312 So. Clark St., Chicago, Ill.