The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 23-No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1921 Whole No. 135 FIFTEEN CENTS' ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR Turning Hard Times into Prosperous Times The year 1921 will ever be remembered as the period of "America's Hardest Times" efforts of those determined spirits who are forcing the wheels of progress to continue to who are trying to keep the Door of Opportunity open. The cut below shows the new $200,000.00 four-story and basement modern fireproof building erected by the Society at 7th and Tea Streets. N W., Washington, D, C. to help turn Hard Times into Prosperous Times. not only does the Superior Policy of Protection, issued by the Society, keep the wolf the door of all Southern Aid Policyholders but its policy of constructing modern office lings, in the various cities where it operates, makes it possible for our professional and less interests to have suitable quarters—like the best had by other races—in which to lay their talents and wares and to do better business. Therefore by its Insurance Policy as well, by its Business Policy the Society is daily helping to turn Hard Times into Prosperous Times. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street, RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies in Virginia and the District of Columbia Insures Against Sickness, Accidents and Deaths J. T. CARTER, PRES. B. L. JORDAN, SECTY. W. A. JORDAN, ASST. SECTY. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 23-No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1921 Whole No. 133 PICTURES page COVER . Figure of Africa typifying "Science" in the Palais Mondial, Brussels, where the Second Pan-African Congress was held. The inscription reads "I am the one that was, that is, and that shall be. No mortal may unveil my face." GENERAL SORELAS 9 CRESCENT STARS' AMUSEMENT BASEBALL PARK, NEW ORLEANS. . . 19 MEN OF THE MONTH 27-28 AMERICAN NEGRO MINISTERS AT THE ECUMENICAL COUNCIL, LONDON 33 ARTICLES IMPRESSIONS OF THE SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS. Jessie Fauset 12 MANIFESTO TO THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS 18 A NEW ORLEANS BASEBALL PARK 20 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 5 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 21 MEN OF THE MONTH 26 THE LOOKING GLASS 29 THE HORIZON 34 THE DECEMBER CRISIS The December CRISIS will Be a Christmas Number and will show by extracts from leading journals what Europe thought of the Pan-African Congress. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though It is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School LINCOLN UNIVERSITY FOR COLORED YOUTH Pioneer in Collegiate and BORPENTOWN, N. J. A high Institution tor the training of colored Theological Education youth. Excellent equipment thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings,. Academic training for all students. Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various Courses In carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys. professions in Forty States. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic science and domestic art for The College is ranked in Class I. by the girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. American Medical Association. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Address: Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September 15. 1921. John B. rendall, D.D., Lincoln University, For Information address Chester County, Penna. W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Cheyney Training School For Wiley University Teachers Marshall, Texas Cheyney, Pa. Made in 1810 an accredited State Normal School Recognized as a college of first class bv offering, in addition to the regular Normal course ofTexas. Louisiana. Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education.Harvard. two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics, and Shop Work. A diploma from any of Illinois and University of Chicagorepresented or. its faculty. One hundred these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed twentv-seven in College Deoartment.session 1910-1920. Several new buildings steam heated and electric lighted, Send application now for fall term opening September 20th. 1921. For further particulars and catalog, write LESLIE Pinckney HILL, Principal M. W . DOGAN . President Cheyney, Pa. i THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR ixjt jfenticm The Ceisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 3 MOREHOUSE COLLEGE Atlanta University (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, ATLANTA, GA Ga. The courses of study include High School, College, Academy, Divinity School Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students An institution famous within recent years come from all parts of the South. Graduates for its emphasis on all sides of manlydevelopment—the have a fine record for successful work. devoted solely to the education of Negro For further information address young men. President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address KNOXVILLE COLLEGE JOHN HOPE, President. Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location, Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere, Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. FISK UNIVERSITY Institution offers full courses in thefollowing departments, College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, NASHVILLE, TENN. Nurse Training and Industrial. Founded 1866 Good water, steam heat, electric lights, Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, natural drainage, splendid dormitories.Expenses very reasonable. Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Fall Term Begins September 14, 1921. For catalog and other information address Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds Well-equipped Science building. PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxville, Tenn. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY	 1921 FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 10O acres of beautiful campus Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modem chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September, Strong faculty—Religiousatmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. BIDDLE UNIVERSITY RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and CHARLOTTE, N. C. 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of Junior College—3rd and 4th Tear High School with the Northern Presbyterian Church, has fourDepartments—HighFreshman and Sophomore years of College work, with and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School Diploma. course Is the requirement for entrance to the first year College—Four years above High School, or two years of the High School. above Junior College Course, with decree of A_B. Domestic Science;—Commerce—Normal— The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses Pre-medical Course of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the  of monthsscientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. 53rd year nine opens September 21, 1921. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is $150.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry 15 units of High School work. HARRY ANDREWS KING. President The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students in the High School Dept. axe required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. McCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. TheFlorida agriculturaland mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational Nathan B. Young, President The largest institution of learning in	 the South Tallahasee, Florida 	owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists,North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial. emphasis and positiveChristian athletics under faculty supervision. Expensesreasonable. SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution in the State having for Its object Collegiate, Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens in Kentucky. „ . Special training In Insurance, Social Service,	 Nursing and Hospital Work Departments: iheology, College, High School,Normal, Normal. Commercial, Music, Domestic Science. Missionary Printing and Tailoring. training class For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President President C. H. Parrish BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Beard Evening classes, correspondence course. Degress offered Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 4 Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 Talladega College BEREAN Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Manual Training and Industrial School Beautiful and Healthful Location. (Non-Sectarian) Literary, Scientific, Educational,Social S. College Ave. &amp; N. 19th St. Business Administration, Journalism, Philadelphia, Pa. Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of ChristianManhood Winter Term Opening January 3, 1922 DAY AND NIGHT SESSIONS write for Bulletin to the Principal MATTHEW ANDERSON, D.D. For further information address 1926 S. College Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. F. A. SUMNER, President "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNF, Principal. Roger Williams University,Nashville,tenn. COLEMAN COLLEGE FOUNDED 1866 LOCATION IDEAL ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY is the GIBSLAND, LA. largest institution in the Southland built, owned and operated by Negroes. It offers Supported by Baptist State Woman', Home courses in the Liberal Arts College, Normal, Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and Academic and Musical departments. Athletics A. B. E. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduate,exempted is one of its strong features. and Oklahoma. Perhaps no scene in and around Nashville is more beautiful than that of Roger Williams University. It stands upon the lofty banks O. L. COLEMAN, Proidtnt of the Cumberland River in sight of the government's lock and dam. The roaring waters as they fall over the dam in their onward march to the sea lend enchantment to the scene. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL FALL TERM BEGINS SEPT. 19, J92J For Catalog and Information Write An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the SAMUEL A. OWEN, President direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SIsTER-IN-CHArGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Fa. JOSEPH K. BRICK AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIAL and NORMAL SCHOOL The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. BRICKS, N. C. This School offers a first-class High School rEGISTer NOW REASONABLE terms Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Box 22, wilberforee, 0. Night School. Teachers and officers, 25; enrollment, 350; hoarders, 220. Cottage and buildings, 84. School farm, 1,1291/2 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term The Lincoln Hospital and Home 34 weeks. Environment fine. School receives TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES four mails a day. Our postoffice handles money orders, registered matter and parcel post mail. in the city of New York For further information write T. 8. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. (Richmond, Va.) For information apply to: In addition to regular high school, college, pre-medical and theological courses, now offers an especially arranged cours Superintendent of Nurses or Social Work and Public Health of this city. This course will lead to a degree. For particulars address The President Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention TH I Csisia. THE CRISIS Vol. 23. No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1921 Whole No. 133 Opinion of w.e.b. du bois T O TH E WORL D (Manifesto of the Second Pan-African Congress.) For thepeoples togroups.  purpose intellige ofnce raising,self-kn such owledge |THE absolute equality of races, —physical, political andsocial—is the founding stone of world peace and humanadvancement. No one denies greatdifferences The insidious and dishonorable but the voice of science, religion and propaganda, which, for selfish ends, practical politics is one in denying so distorts and denies facts as to represent the God-appointed existence of super-races, or of races naturally and impossible and undesirable, should inevitably and eternally inferior. be met with widespreaddissemination citizen That in the vast range of time, one group should in its industrial technique, or social organization, or spiritual vision, lag a few hundred years behind another, or forge fitfully ahead, or come to differ decidedly in thought, deed and ideal, is proof of the essential richness and variety of human nature, rather than proof of the co-existence of demi-gods and apes in human form. The doctrine of racial equality does not interfere with individual liberty, rather, it and texture of the hair, is surely the most adventitious and idiotic. It is the duty of the world tobackward and suppressed groups of mankind. The rise of all men is a menace to no one and is the highest human ideal; it is not an altruistic benevolence, but the one road to world salvation. of making the Negro slave a freeproofs of the impossibility of self-government among black men; the experience of Spanish America does not prove that mulatto democracy will not eventually succeed there; the aspirations of Egypt and India are not successfully to be met by sneers at the capacity of darker races. We who resent the attempt to treat civilized men as uncivilized, and who fulfils it. And of all the bring in our hearts grievance upon variou in the past been prejudged and classified, that of the color of the skin grievance against those who lynch the untried, disfranchise theintelligent, complain; but not simply or primarily the millions of our fellows, blood of our blood, and flesh of our flesh, who have not even what we have—the power to complain against monstrous assist in every way the advance wrong, the power to see and to know the source of our oppression. How far the future advance of mankind will depend upon the social 6 THE contact and physical intermixture of the various strains of human blood is unknown, but the demand for the CRISIS Buddha and Mahmoud, and in the mightiest Age of Human Reason, there can be found in the civilized world enough of altruism, learning modern days, from the white race and benevolence to develop nativeinstitutions alone, and has been imposed upon enslaved by ignorant and selfish brown and black folks mainly by agents of commercial institutions, brute force and fraud. On top of whose one aim is profit and power this, the resulting people of mixed for the few. race have had to endure innuendo, persecution, and insult, and thepenetrated countries have been force interpenetration of countries andintermingling of blood has come, in And this brings us to the crux of the matter: It is the shame of the If it be proven that absolute world world that today the relation between segregation by group, color or historic affinity is best for the future, the main groups of mankind and let the white race leave the dark their mutual estimate and respect is world and the darker races will gladly leave the white. But the proposition determined chiefly by the degree in men, of men whose likenesses far outweigh their differences; who can themutually to which one subject otherthought and dream, but who cansuccessfully have each other only on its service, enslaving labor, making terms of equality, justice and mutual respect. They are the real and only peacemakers who work sincerely and peacefully to this end. ignorance compulsory, uprooting ruthlessly religion and customs, and destroying government, so that the favored Few may luxuriate in the toil of the tortured Many. Science,Religion made the slaves of world commerce and industry, and bodies, minds, souls of Fiji and Congo, are judged almost solely by the quotations on the Bourse. The beginning of wisdom ininterracial contact is the establishmen political institutions amongsuppressed peoples. The habit of democracy The day of such worldorganization earth. Despite the attempt to prove made for it in other ages, the 20th that its practice is the secret and divine gift of the few, no habit is more century must come to judge men as natural or more widely spread among men and not as material and labor. primitive people, or more easily capable of development among masses. The great industrial problem Local self-government with a minimum of help and oversight can be established tomorrow in Asia, in Africa, in America and in the Isles of the Sea. It will in many instances need general control and guidance, but it will fail only when thatguidance seeks ignorantly and consciously similar people's liberty and good. relations which has hitherto been regarded as the domestic problem of culture lands, must be viewed far more broadly, if it is ever to reach just settlement. Labor and capital in England, solve their problem as long as apoverty and injustice marks theestimate, which half the peoples of earth put on the other half, depends mainly on their ability to squeeze profit out of them. Surely in the 20th century of the Prince of Peace, in the millenium of OPINION 7 If we are coming to recognize that ignorance among the natives, the great modern problem is to correct has enslaved them and is stillenslavingmaladjustment in the distribution of declined even to try to train black wealth, it must be remembered that and brown men in realself-government, to the basic maladjustment is in the folks as civilized, or to grant to colored colonie outrageously unjust distribution of government which it freely gives to world income between the dominant white men. and suppressed peoples; in the rape of land and raw material, and monopoly of technique and culture. And in this crime white labor is particeps criminis with white capital.Unconsciously and consciously, carelessly Belgium is a nation which has but and deliberately, the vast power of recently assumed responsibility for the white labor vote in moderndemocracies has been cajoled and flattered her colonies, and has taken some enslave and debauch black, brown steps to lift them from the worst and yellow labor, until with fatalretribution, they are themselves toda abuses of the autocratic regime; but bound and gagged and renderedimpotent by the resulting monopol she has not confirmed to the people the world's raw material in the the possession of their land and labor,hands of a dominant, cruel andirresponsible few. allow the natives any voice in their own government, or to provide for their political future. Her colonial policy is still mainly dominated by the banks and great corporations. But we are glad to learn that the present government is considering a liberal program of reform for the And, too, just as curiously, the future. educated and cultured of the world, the well-born and well-bred, and even Portugal and Spain have never the deeply pious and philanthropic, drawn a legal caste line against persons o receive their training and comfort Negro descent. Portugal has a humane and luxury, the ministrations of delicate beauty unfortunately, and sensibility, industrial condition But, the onand the methods of distribution or concessions of Portuguese Africa are interfere with the legal props which almost wholly in the hands offoreigners rest on a pitiful human foundation will not control, and who are exploiting of writhing white and yellow and African slave trade. brown and black bodies. We claim no perfectness of our own nor do we seek to escape the The United States of Americaafterblame which of right falls on the black folks suddenly emancipated backward for failure to advance, but them and began their education; but noblesse oblige, and we arraigncivilization and more especially thecolonial it acted without system orforethought, their own better conscience. educating them withoutthoroughness them the while to lynching,lawlessness, England, with her Pax Britannica, her courts of justice, established commerce and a certain apparentrecognition of native law and customs has nevertheless systematically fostered THE CRISIS s to give her a single bit of help, their ownaid or sympathy. government, theyenfranchized the Negro and then whendanger thousands of educated and civilized What do those wish who see these black folk to be lawlesslydisfranchised and subjected to a caste system; evils of the color line and racialdiscrimination 1812, 1861, 1897, and 1917, they divine right of suppressed andbackward asked and allowed thousands of be free? black men to offer up their lives as a sacrifice to the country whichdespised and despises them. The Negro race through itsthinking I—The recognition of civilized men as civilized despite their race or color France alone of the great colonial powers has sought to place her cultured black citizens self on a plane of  for II—Local governmentabsolute legal and social equality backward groups, deliberately rising with her white and given themrepresentation in her highestlegislature. as experience and knowledge grow state education. This splendidbeginning must be completed by to complete self government under indigenes the ownership of the soil, the limitations of a self governed by protecting native labor against world the aggression of established capital, III—Education in self knowledge, and by asking no man, black or white, in scientific truth and in industrial to be a soldier unless the country technique, undivorced from the art gives him a voice in his own government. of beauty IV—Freedom in their own religion right to be different and non-conformist V—Co-operation with the rest of the world in government,industry Freedom and Peace The independence of Abyssinia, VI—The ancient commonownership Liberia Haiti and San Domingo, is fruits and defence against theunrestrained absolutely necessary to anysustained belief of the black folk sincerity and honesty of the white. These nations have earned the right VII—The establishment under the to be free, they deserve the recognition of the world; notwithstanding a11 League of Nations of aninternational their faults and mistakes, and the problems fact that they are behind the most advanced civilization of the day,nevertheless they compare favorably with the past, and even more recent, VIII—The establishment of aninternational history of most European nations, with the protection of native labor. and it shames civilization that the treaty of London practically invited Italy to aggression in Abyssinia, and The world must face two eventualities : that free America has unjustly and the great world states, with political, cruelly seized Haiti, murdered and civil and social power and privileges for a time enslaved her workmen, absolutely equal for its black and overthrown her free institutions by white citizens, or the rise of a great force, and has so far failed in return black African state founded in Peace and Good Will, based on populareducation, GENERAL LUIS SORELAS 9 1(1 THE CRISIS freedom of trade; autonomous and sovereign in its internal policy, but from its beginning a part of a great society of peoples in which it takes its place with others as co-rulers of the world. In some such words and thoughts as these we seek to express our will of any State than has devolved upon yours in re the Negroes of Phillips County condemned to death in the electric chair and so sentenced by the courts of your State. It is a deed to be contemplated with extreme horror. In the execution of these men, a race is suffering crucifixion." and ideal, and the end of our untiring effort. To our aid we call all men In his letter, Prof. Kerlin explains of the Earth who love Justice and the iniquities of the peonage system Mercy. Out of the depths we have and the travesty of trial given the cried unto the deaf and dumb masters of the world. Out of the depths we cry to our own sleeping souls. The answer is written in the stars. ROBERT T. KERLIN READERS of THE CRISIS will remember the appearance a year ago of a compilation of Negro opinion gathered in a volume entitled "The Voice of the Negro." Here for the first time we had a book bringing to the white as Elaine Negroes. The letter received much publicity and was so resented by the Board of the Virginia Military Institute that Prof. Kerlin'sresignation the Board, which stated that "he had rendered his further connection with the Virginia Military Institute undesirable." We can not express too deeply our appreciation of Prof. Kerlin's course in sending his letter to the Governor well as the colored reader theNegro's criticism, through hi of Arkansas, and in standingunswervingly press, of America's treatment of him dealings with his Board. Virginia and his race. The book contained Military Institute, designed topromote an interesting preface by its compiler, Prof. Robert T. Kerlin,professor has dismissed from its force a man Institute, Lexington, Va. Prof.Kerlin followed this by a displaying the finest courage the Institute "Contemporary Negro Poetry." He might have continued his literaryefforts undisturbed ; but th wrongs of the Negro pressed upon him, and when he read of thecondemnation to Only throughElaine riots, he used his splendid individual or acommand of English to publish an South steadilyopen letter to Thomas C. McRae, showing itselfGovernor of Arkansas, entreating more sterile. cannot suppress a the Governor to give earnestconsideration to the sentence of the courts man like Mr. Kerlin, but judging pronounced upon these Negroes. from its past acts, with the Ku Klux "Not in the history of our Republic." spirit, it will drive him beyond its Prof. Kerlin said, "has a more treborders. Perhaps more than any mendous responsibility before God other section of the world, the South and the civilized world devolved refuses to listen to the voice that cries upon the shoulders of the chief executive in the wilderness. KU KLUX KLAN HE white knights are on the run. Their flowing robes no longer present the dignified . appearance made familiar to millions of Americans by "The Birth  death of the six Negroes self criticism can an nation progress. The suppresses self criticism more and more and  It OPINION 1 1 of A Nation." Instead they stream in The overhead expense is being cared ridiculous tatters. Since the New York World has described for by the city and state, but each is ended. We have learned a great deal about their Grand Wizard and their Kleagles and we know now that the Klan is a money-making affair selling stock based on race prejudice. Congratulations to the New York World for its wonderful exposure. The part that the Association took in the exposure, the assistance that it was able to give, is told in this number under National Association notes. "AMERICA'S MAKING" THE part which each group has had in the development of this land will be clearly shown pageant and exhibit which will show themischievous racial or national group is expected to defray the expenses of its own exhibit Negroes have been invited toall the conferences at whichplans of the enterprise haveworked out. The committee on an exhibi James Weldon Johnson and as its secretary, Eugene Kinckle Jones. This committee plans to have a continuous exhibit showing the contribution of and labor. On Thursday night,November several hundred voices and an orchestra this time a primer of Negroaccomplishments gain direct information concerning the Negro's worth to America. in "America's Making," a participate the  been Negro three centuries of racial andimmigrant contributions to our national life. From October 29 to November 12, through pageants, festivities and exhibits, the gift of each race to The educational value of this exhibit America will be set forth. Thisdemonstration is under the generalsupervision cannot be estimated. For a modest budget of $3000, it is believed that the committee on the Negro exhibit can provide a program which will favorably compare with any other. L'UNION CONGOLAISE, BELGIUM IMPRESSIONS OF THE SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS JESSIE i The dream of a Pan-African Congress had already come true in 1919. Yet it was with hearts half-wondering, half1921. So tenuous, so delicate had been its beginnings. Had the black world, although once stirred by the terrific rumblings of the Great War, relapsed into its lethargy? Then out of Africa just before it was time to cross the Atlantic came a letter, one of many, but this the most appealing word from the Egyptian Sudan: "Sir: Wesum ($17.32), to help toward the expenses of the Pan-African Congress. Oh Sir, we are looking to you for we need help sorely!" So with this in mind we crossed the seas not knowing just what would be the plan of action for the Congress, for would not its members come from the four corners of the earth and must there not of necessity be a diversity of opinion, of thought, ofwas that Ethiopia's sons through delegates were stretching out their hands from all over the black and yearning world. II '"P'HEN one day, the 27th of August, we met in London in Central Hall, under the shadow of Westminster Abbey. Many significant happenings had those cloisters looked down on, but surely on none more significant than on this group of men and resident smal Grenada, women of African descent, so different in fascinating than learning at first hand that rearing and tradition and yet so similar the stranger across the seas, however different in purpose. The rod of the common oppressor had made them feel theno difference of heart?ir own We were community all one family in London. What small divergences FAUSET were there and the men and women of African blood who were at that time That was a wonderful meeting. I think that at first we did not realize how wonderful. and Rev. Jernagin of Washington presided; the second day Dr. DuBois and Mr. Archer, ex-Mayo necessity those first meetings had to be hearts. Native African and native American stoo this is my lot; tell me what is yours!" fearful that we ventured to realize it afresh cannot come but we are sending you this Mr. H. A. Hunt of Fort Valley, Ga., Mr. R. P. Sims of Bluefield, W. Va., Dr.Wilberforce Bainbridge, Ga., Rev. W. H. Jernagin of Washington, D. C , Dr. H. R. Butler of Mr. White, Mrs. Kelley and Miss Fauset— all these told of America. And in return Dr. Olaribigbee and Mr. Thomas of West project?Africa, Mr. Augusto But the main of Lagos, Mrs. Davis thing, the great thing of South Africa, Mr. Marryshow ofVarma and Mr. Satkalavara of India told the tale of Africa and of other countries of which the Americans knew little or nothing. We listened well. What can be more of opinion, slight suspicions, doubtful Men from strange and diverse lands glances there may have been at first were came together. We were all of us foreigners. South Africa wasall quickly dissipated. represented, We felt common the  our Gold Coast, Sierra Leone and Lagos, Grenada, the United States of America,Martinique, of East Africa came, yet men who had lived there presented and discussed their problems. British Guiana and Jamaica Out of the flood of talk emerged real fact and purpose for the Americandelegate. 12 SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS 13 large cities, alive and bustling, with its of land but had imminentsomething else, the problem of politica share of noise. All about us were beautiful, and the heavy and insulting problem of large buildings and commodious stores, exceptsegregation. The East African, on the centuries old, recalled the splendor and dignityother hand, and also the South African had the shadow of monarchical government. no vestige of a vote (save in Natal), had True London is the heart of a monarchy, been utterly despoiled of the best portions too, but the stranger does not feel it unless of his land, nor could he buy it back. In he is passing Buckingham Palace or watching addition to this the East African had to consider the influx of the East Indian who might prove a friend, or might prove as harsh a taskmaster as the European despoiler. At first it was not so noticeable. We had been invited by Paul Otlet and Through the inter-play of speech and description and idea, two propositions flashed Senator LaFontaine and had been helped out—one, the proposition of Mr. Augusto, greatly by M. Paul Panda, a native of the a splendid, fearless speaker from Lagos, Belgian Congo who had been educated in that the Pan-African Congress shouldaccomplish something very concrete. Belgium. The Congress itself was held in urged that we start with the material in the marvellous Palais Mondial, the World hand and advance to better things. First Palace situated in the Cinquantenaire Park. of all let us begin by financing the Liberian We could not have asked for a better setting. loan. Liberia is a Negro Independencyalready founded. "Let us," pleadefirst place, there were many more white conscious black world toward its development." than colored people—there are not many of us in Brussells—and it was not long before deeper, more immediately significant than that of the white people we had foundelsewhere. material interests centre in Africa in the The other proposition was that of Mr. Belgian Congo. Any interference with the Marryshow, of Grenada, and of Professor natives might result in an interference with Hutto of Georgia. "We must remember," the sources from which so many Belgian both of them pointed out, "that not words capitalists drew their prosperity. but actions are needed. We must be prepared to put our hands in our pockets must make sacrifices to help each other. "Tell us what to do," said Mr. Hutto, "and the Knights of Pythias of Georgia stand After all, who were these dark strangers ready, 80,000 strong, to do their part." speaking another tongue and introducing Heaven only knew what ideas to be carried Those were fine, constructive words. of the strides which colored America had Then at the last meeting we listened to made in education I suggested to M. Panda the resolutions which Dr. DuBois had that perhaps some American colored teachers migh drawn up. Bold and glorious resolutions and help with the instruction of the natives. they were, couched in winged,unambiguous words. Without a single dissentin vote the members of the Congress accepted them. We clasped hands with our newly found brethren and departed, feeling that it was gocd to be alive and most wonderful"Oh, to no, no, no!" be colored. he Not exclaimed, and of us but envisaged one added new and perfect African brotherhood. never permit that, the colored Americans are too malins (clever)." After we had visited the Congo Museum we were better able to understand the unIll spoken determination of the Belgians to let nothing interfere with their dominion in OWN to Dover we flew, up the English the Congo. Such treasures! Suchillimitable Channel to Ostend, and thence to plainly be for them. For the first time in Brussels. my life I was able to envisage what Brussels was different. How shall I explain it? The city was like mos TH E CRISIS Africa means to Europe, depleted as she has There was no doubt but that our assemblybecome through the ages by war and famine and plague. In the museum were th from the International University gave us seeds of hundreds of edible plants; there a welcome from students of all nations; we was wood—great trunks of dense,finegrained mahogany as thick as a man's were invited to a reception at the Hotel de is wide and as long as half a New York Ville (City Hall) in the ancient public block. Elephants' tusks gleamed, white square, and on the last day General Sorelas and shapely, seven feet long from tip to and his beautiful wife and daughters received u base without allowing for the curve, and as broad through as a man's arm. All the wealth of the world—skins and furs, gold And yet the shadow of Colonial dominion and copper—would seem to center in the governed. Always the careful Belgian eye Congo. watched and peered, the Belgian ear listened. murmur of complaint of Black Africa, without intelligible the greatest set of wrongs against human beings that the modern Nor was this all. Around us in the spacious rooms were the expression of an world has known. We realized of course earlier but well developed art,wood-carvings showing beyond the shadow of a doubt how delicate the Belgian situation was and the inherent artistry of the African. Dearest of all, yet somehow least surprising to how sensitive a conscience the nation had us, was the number of musical instruments. because of the atrocities of the Leopold There is not a single musical instrument regime. We knew the tremendous power in the world, I would venture to say, of of capital organized to exploit the Congo; which the Congo cannot furnish a prototype. but despite this we proposed before the Congress was over to voice the wrongs of Negroes temperately but clearly. We assumed our hosts in a very literal sense. Indeed as we afterward found, we were reckoning Native wealth, native art lay about us without our own presiding officer, for without in profusion even in the museum. Small had undoubtedly felt called on to assure wonder that the Belgian men and women the Belgian Government that no "radical" watched us with careful eyes. step would be taken by the Congress. He The program in Brussels was naturally sponsored therefore a mild resolutionsuggested different from that in London. We undertook to learn something of the culture Mondial stating that Negroes were "susceptible" which colored people had achieved in the the international movement in Belgium. different parts of the world, but we hoped When the London resolutions (which are also to hear of actual native conditions as published this month as our leadingeditorial), we had heard of them in thefirstconference. M. Panda spoke of the generaldevelopmentalarmed, and our Belgian visitors were excited. of the Congolese woman. Miss Fauset told and for a while it looked as though the of the colored graduates in the United main session of the Pan-African Congress States and showed the pictures of the first was destined to end in a rather disgraceful women who had obtained the degree of Doctor of Philosophy. Bishop Phillip row. It was here, however, that the American delegate Nashville and Bishop Hurst of Baltimore DuBois, showed themselves the real masters greeted the assembly. Mrs. Curtis told of Liberia, the presiding office M. Barthelemy from the Pas de Calais, in the French Chamber of Deputies, ably assisted. Belgian officialdom was wellrepresented. General Sorelas of Spain spoke of problem of the mixed race. Another General, a Belgian, splendid in ribbons and orders, was on the platform, and two members of the Belgian Colonial Office were present, "unofficially." SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS 15 and dignified protest, they allowed M. Diagne to "jam through" his resolutions and adjourn the session; but they kept their own resolutions in place before the Congress to come up for final consideration Paris, and they maintained the closing of the session in Brussels in order and unity. I suppose the white world of Europe has never seen a finer example of unity and trust on the part of Negroes toward a Negro leader. But we left Belgium in thoughtful and puzzled mood. How great was this smothering power which made it impossible for men even in a scientific Congress to be frank and to express their inmost desires? Not one word, for instance, had been said during the whole Congress by Belgian white or black, or French presiding officer which would lead one to suspect that Leopold and his tribe had ever been other than the Congo's tutelary angels.Apparently not even an improvement could hinted at. And the few Africans who were present said nothing. But at that last meeting just before we left, a Congolese came forward and fastened the button of the Congo Union in Dr. DuBois' coat. What lay behind that impassive face? IV At last Paris! Between Brussels and the queen city of the world we saw blasted town, ravaged village and plain, ruined in a war whose basic motif had been the rape of Africa. What should we learn of the black man in France? Already we had realized that the black colonial's problem while the sameintrinsically, wore on the face of it a different M. PAUL PANDA was it that we had learned more quickly and better than they the value of organization, of frankness, of freedom of speech? Madagascar, from Annam. I looked at We wondered then and we wonder still that sea of dark faces and my heart was though Heaven knows in all humility. moved within me. However their white overlords or their minions might plot and plan and thwart, nothing could dislodge from the minds of all of them the knowledge But Paris at last, with its glow and its to black, hands of hope and the promise of lights and its indefinable attraction! unity though seas and armies divided. We met in the Salle des Ingenieurs(Engineers' Hall) in little Rue Blanche of the Opera. Logan was there, Beton On the platform was, I suppose, theintellectual and Dr. Jackson, men who had worked To American eyes and, according to the papers, faithfully and well for us even before first, for he had first envisaged this movement we had come to Paris. And around us were more strange faces—new types to us—from Senegal, from the French Congo, from TH E CRISIS the Haitian minister to France and Haitian delegate to the assembly of the League of Nations. Beside him sat the grave and dignified delegate from the Liga Africana of Lisbon, Portugal, and on the other side the presiding officer, M. Diagne not given the right to speak said to me after hearing Dr. DuBois' exposition of the meaning and purpose of thePan-African chance to speak to Dr. DuBois? There is much I would tell him." France is a colonial power but France is sat the American Rayford Logan,assistant secretary of the Pan-Africanand his colleague, M. Candace, French deputy from Guadeloupe. A little to one side a republic. And so when our resolutions at Paris and our interpreter. His translations, made off-hand without a moment's were presented once more to this the final preparation, were a remarkable exhibition. In the audience besides those faithful American delegates* who had followed us from London on, were other friends, Henry O. Tanner, Captain and Mrs. Napoleon Marshall, who had joined us in Paris, Bishop and Mrs. Hurst, who had come back from Brussels to Paris with us, Captain and Mrs. Arthur Spingarn, white delegates Congres session of the Pan-African Congress, that audience felt that here at last was the fearless their hearts, here was comprehension, here was the translation of hitherto unsyllabled, unuttered prayers. The few paragraphs about capitalism M. Diagne postponed "for the consideration of the next Pan-African Congress." But the rest that yearning, groping audience accepted with their souls. The last session of the last day was over. It was midnight and spent and happy we from America, who had attended thecosferences our way regularly through and had laughed an found home the streets worked with us in between whiles. of Paris which never sleeps. V The situation in Paris was less tense, one felt the difference between monarchy "YE T after all the real task was at Genand republic. But again the American was eva. The city struck us dumb at first temporarily puzzled. Even allowing for natural differences of training and tradition, with its beauty of sky and water—the blue it seemed absurd to have the floor given repeatedly to speakers who dwelt on the and white of the September heavens above, glories of France and the honor of being a black Frenchman, when what we and most of those humble delegates wanted to learn was about us. The contrast between the speakers of the Eastern and Western hemispheres with but two exceptions was most striking. Messieurs Diagne and Candace gave us fine oratory, magnificentEdward Frazier, of Walter White, of Dr. Jackson, of a young and and fiery Jamaican and of M. Bellegarde, gave facts and food for thought. The exceptions were the speeches of M. Challaye, a white member of the Society for the Defense of African Natives, and those of the grave and courtly Portuguese, Messieurs Magalhaens and Santos-Pinto. But this audience was different from that in Brussells. To begin with, its members were mainly black and being black, had suffered. More than one man to whom the unusually autocratic presiding officer had Lake Geneva and the Rhone River gliding green and transparent under stone bridges, black and white swans, red-beaked,floating above and beyond all in the far distance Mont Blanc rising hoary, serene and majestic. But scant time we had for looking at that! The Assembly of the League of Nations resolutions were in process of beingpresented. gestures—butplatitudes. But the speeches of Dr. DuBois, o here and men of international name and fame were presiding. How were we to gain audience? Fortunately for us Dr. DuBois' name and reputation proved the open sesame. He had not been in the city two hours before invitations and requests for interviews poured in. One of our staunchest helpers was an English woman, Lady Cecelia, wife of that Mr. Roberts who had worked with Montague in India. She presided at meals at a long table in the dining room of the Hotel des Familles and here Dr. DuBois was made a welcome guest throughout his * A list of the delegates will be published later. whole stay. Here came to meet and SECOND PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS 17 confer with him on our cause Mr. Roberts Professor Murray writes us, with "quiteremarkablehimself, Mr. Lief-Jones, M.P., Professor year it may be quite suitable to put it Gilbert Murray (representing South Africa at the Assembly of the League of Slavery and Aborigines' Protection Society. M. Bellegarde, Haitian Minister to France and delegate to the Assembly, was also at that hotel and gave us generously of his aid and assistance. On Monday night, September 13, Dr.and conveyed to them some idea ofthe black world was thinking, feeling doing with regard to the Negro problem. necessity for using at least two languages, I am sure that many of that group of people, thinkers and students though they with the limited detailed knowledge which were, had never dreamed before that there the black foreigner is permitted to get of might even be a black point of view.they took their instruction bravelyafterwards thanked Dr. DuBois with But Africa and with the pressure brought to and bear on many Africans to prevent them shining eyes and warm hand clasps. from frank speech—action must be slow and very careful. It will take years for an institution of this sort to function. But it is on its own feet now and the burden no Besides meeting and conferring with longer is on black America. It must stand these distinguished personages Dr. DuBois or fall by its own merits. had luncheon conferences with Rene Claparede of the executive committee of theSociete Indigenes and with William Rappard, head We have gained proof that organization of the Mandates Commission of the League on our part arrests the attention of the of Nations, a dinner conference with G. world. We had no need to seek publicity. Spiller, former secretary of the Races Congress, and an interview with Albert Thomas,If we had wanted to we could not have escaped head of the International Bureau of Labor. The white world is feverishly anxious to know of our thoughts, our hopes, our dreams. Organization is our strongest weapon. At the end of a week of steady driving, by dint of interviewing, of copying, of translating, of recopying, we were ready to It was especially arresting to notice that Nationspresent and did present to Sir EricDrummond,secretary of the Pan-African Congress anda copy in French and English of the resolutions entitled To The World (see a whit in essential methods. 5) and of the manifesto (see page 18). Mr. Thomas and M. Rappard who both heartily endorsed the appointment of a "man of Negro descent" to the Mandates Commission, Professor Gilbert Murray, and M. Bellegarde also received copies. And between whiles we listened to the world striving to right its wrongs at the Assembly of the League Of course we were at aNations, had no delegate.Murray suggested to M.Haitian delegate, that heresolution (see manifesto) of Nations. down as a resolution." VI RESULTS are hard to define. But I must strive to point out a few. First then, out of these two preliminary conferences of 1919 and 1921, a definite organization has been evolved, to be known as thePan-African what in these pages. Naturally working with and people from all over the world, with the DuBois addressed the English Club of Geneva activities. There had to bemany explanations, an infinitypatience and then talk again. e League of e Assembly page attempted Neither much talk, of time and Neither the wrongs of Africa nor of the world, can be righted in a day nor in a decade. We can only make beginnings. The most important result was our realization ahead of all of us. We have got to learn everything—facts about Africa, the difference betwee disadvantagebecauseAmerica, not being in But Professor one foreign language at least (French or Bellegarde, the Spanish), new points of view, generosity state the second of ideal and of act. All the possibilities of during the debateall black men on Mandates. This he did,are needed to weld together as TH E CRISIS shall be so powerful that the enemy will when black and white meet to do battle. say, "But behold! these men are our brothers." the black men of the world against the day God grant that when that day comes we MANIFESTO TO THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS HE second Pan-African Congress which labor would be through investigation of native met in London, Brussels and Paris, August 28, 29 and 31 and September 2, 3, Secondly: The second Pan-AfricanCongress5 and 6, represented 26 different groups of the modern world moves towardself-governmentpeople of Negro descent: namely, British and nations and that consequently the Nigeria, Gold Coast and Sierra Leone; the mandated areas, being peopled as they are Egyptian Sudan, British East Africa,former German East Africa; Frenc so largely by black folk, have a right to the French Congo and Madagascar;Belgian Congo; Portuguese St. Thome ask that a man of Negro descent,properlyfitted and Mozambique; Liberia; Abyssinia; Haiti; British Jamaica and Grenada; French Martinique and Guadeloupe;British Guiana; the United States Negroes resident in England, France, Belgium and Portugal, and fraternal visitors from India,Annam.  Morocco, the Philippines and Thirdly and finally: The second Pan-African Congress desires most earnestly and emphatically to ask the good offices and careful attention of the League of Nations to the condition of civilized persons of Negro world today a widespread and growing feeling that it is permissible to treat civilized The Congress adopted two sets of resolutions differing somewhat in detail but The result of this attitude and many consequent laws, is presented in its original English text; that a bitter feeling of resentment,personal essentially identical. The first set of resolutions (adopted unanimously at London) the second set (discussed at Brussels and the world among those very persons whose adopted unanimously at Paris) is presented rise is the hope of the Negro race. in its original French text. The Congress directed its executive officers to approach the League of Nations with three earnest requests, believing that the greatest international body in the world must sooner or later turn its attention to We are fully aware that the League of the great racial problem as it today affects Nations has little if any direct power to persons of Negro descent. adjust these matters, but it has the vast moral power of world public opinion and of a body conceived to promote peace and First: The second Pan-AfricanCongress asks that in the International justice among men. For this reason we of Labor a section be set aside to deal particularly and in detail with the conditions ask and urge that the League of Nations and needs of native Negro labor especially take a firm stand on the absolute equality in Africa and in the Islands of the Sea. of races and that it suggest to the Colonial Power It is the earnest belief of the Congress Nations the forming of an International that the labor problems of the world cannot be understood or properly settled so Institute for the study of the Negro Prob long as colored and especially Negro labor lems, and for the Evolution and Protection is enslaved and neglected, and that a first of the Negro Race. step toward the world emancipation of W. E. BURGHARDT DuBois, Geneva, September 15, 1921. Secretary. WATCHING A BASEBALL GAME AT THE CRESCENT STARS AMUSEMENT BASEBALL PARK, NEW ORLEANS A NEW ORLEANS BASEBALL PARK a search for suitable grounds which colored peopl Cohen, a Negro, who assisted not only with his broad experience, but also with his influence with the city authorities. A Board of Directors was formed, consisting o bought at least $1,000 worth of stock. Mr. Wallace C. Marine was elected president; Mr. F. V. Fauria, treasurer, and Mr. C. C. Uejoie, secretary. Other members of the Board of Directors are: Messrs. Walter L. Cohen, Dr. P. H. V. Dejoie, AlbertWorkman, J. Bigard, Joseph W. Elliott, Edward E. Woodruff, George Andre, ArnoldDufourchard, Dr. F. T. Jones. After a capital stock of $25,000 had been subscribed by the members of the Board of Directors, the common stock was opened to the public, and $45,000 was subscribed, the shares being $50 each. The ground has been named The Crescent Stars' Amusement Baseball Park. The site is situated in the Seventh Ward, which is WALLACE C. MARINE NEGR0ES in New Orleans havebetter known as the downtown or Creole developed a liking for picnics, fairs and District—-"Faubourg Treme." It is four baseball games. For these amusements squares from St. Bernard Boulevard, which they were compelled to use the Fair Grounds, which is owned and controlled by is one of the prettiest thoroughfares in New white people. The owners charged the colored people enormous prices for rental, and Orleans. would not permit them to rent the ground on holidays, and seldom on Sundays. The Park was planned and built by Negroes. Club, of which Mr. Marine is the Manager, This state of affairs became aggravated is a great attraction. The park has a seatingwhen a committee of colored men planned any time for a nominal sum. an affair for July 4. They succeeded in renting the grounds, paying the required deposit, and began their advertising. When, however, the owners realized that they had New Orleans, therefore, can well boast inadvertently rented the grounds to colored her people for July place 4, they is owned,  the of amusement which revokedprivilege, and only through the services of controlled and operated solely by Negroes. a lawyer were the Negroes given satisfaction. This enterprise is but one of the many indications of the new spirit which is gradually invadin Mr. Wallace C. Marine, thereupon, began 20 Nationalassociationfor the Advancement of Colored-People. THE 24TH INFANTRY PRISONERS We are a delegation representing the 50,000 signers of this petition which we On Wednesday, September 28, a delegation of 30 leading colored men and have the honor to lay before you, and we women, headed by James Weldon Johnson, come not only as a representative of those Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., had an who signed the petition, but we are spokesmen or more of Negro citizens of the United audience with President Harding and presented a petition, signed by 50,000 persons, States. asking for the pardon of the 61 soldiers of the 24th Infantry who are confined inThe petition, you will note, asks for as result of rioting in Houston,  their Leavenworth aTexas, in August, 1917. pardon on three grounds: first, the previous recor the provocation of local animosity which manifested itself in insults, threats and acts of violence against colored soldiers; third, the heavy punishment meted out to In the delegation with Mr. Johnson, or members of the 24th Infantry of whom 19 lending their names to it, were the Hon. were hanged, 13 of them summarily and Mr. Archibald Grimke, president of the without right of appeal to the Secretary Washington Branch; Major R. R. Moton, of War or to the President, theirCornmander-in-Chief. shocked the entire country and appeared principal of Tuskegee Institute; R. S. to the colored people to savor of vengeance Abbott, editor of the Chicago Defender; rather than justice. Sixty-one members of Emmett J. Scott, special assistant to the the 24th Infantry are still in prison serving Secretary of War during the World War; Prof. George W. Cook and Kelly Miller, of Howard University; Robert R. Church,colored Republican leader in Tennessee Charles E. Bentley, of Chicago; Miss Nannie H. Burroughs; Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, precedent, Women's Mrs honorary president of the NationalAssociationContrary to all of Colored the provost  Clubs;Mary Church Terrell; Mrs. Alice Dunbar guard of this colored regiment had been disarmed in a state and in a city where insult Nelson, Harry H. Pace, John Hope, the daily experience. Following a long series Hon. Mr. J. C. Asbury, memberPennsylvania Legislature; Harry E. Davis, membe of humiliating and harassing incidents, one of the Ohio Legislature; Drs. William H. soldier was brutally beaten and a wellbeloved Washington and W. W. Wolfe, of Newark, woman by local policemen. The report spread among the regiment that theirnoncommissioned N. J.; the Rev. Mr. R. H. Singleton, of Atlanta, Ga.; James A. Cobb, counsel for the had been killed. Whatever acts may have N. A. A. C. P., and John R. Hawkins,financial secretary of the A. M. E. Church been committed by these men were not the result of any premeditated design. The men were goaded to sudden and frenzied action. This is borne out by the long record part of this regiment throughout its whole history up to that time. Mr. Johnson in presenting the petition said: As Secretary of theMoreover, although Advancement of citizens Colored NationalAssociation for the white of composed of persons and representatives Houston were involved in these riots and of bodies deeply concerned for America's the regiment to which these men belonged good name, I have the honor to present a was officered entirely by white men, none petition signed by 50,000 Americancitizens,but as white and black, praying Negroes, so far we have been able exercise executive clemency, and pardon to learn, have ever been prosecuted or the 61 members of the 24th U. S. Infantry punished. In consequence, the wholesale now in the Federal Prison at Leavenworth, punishment meted out to these colored soldiers Kansas, convicted on charges of rioting at visitation upon their color rather than upon Houston, Texas, in August, 1917. their crime. The attention of coloredpeople 21 THE CRISIS focussed upon the action which it may Association's attention was called to the please you to take. fact that the Klan was using an address In consideration, therefore, of the almost in New York in an attempt to recruit members. Thi five years already served in prison by the to the city officials but to the New York 61 men and of the foregoing facts, and because of the long record for bravery,disciplinecrisis of the nation, we bespeak your attention the representative which we beg here  was World, and to the Klan's petitiontraced to the Army and Navy Club in New York. Meanwhile, through press stories sent broadcast throughout the country, by mass The President promised to review the meetings and magazine articles, the Association testimony in the cases of the soldiers and to of the Klan. So well and so thoroughly take the request made in this important pewas this work done that the Searchlight, tition under advisement. Mr. Johnson also published in Atlanta as the organ of the made reference to the gratification of the Klan, called the National Association for colored people that the government through the Advancement of Colored People its most two channels was investigating the nefarious Ku Klux Klan. dangerous foe; and denunciation of the Klan began to be heard not only from the pulpit but in the editorial columns of the FIGHTING TREASON most reputable white southern newspapers. Among the agencies which denounced the THE treason which consists ofcommercialized race hatred and masquerades Klan in the South were the inter-racialcommittees, as Americanism has found a dangerousantagonist in the National Associatio of the Confederacy in Virginia. Advancement of Colored People. For more than a year the Association has fought the Ku Klux Klan with the weapons of publicity and fact-telling, until such a powerful New York World became convinced of the In September, 1921, the New York World, after in the a necessity of taking up the fight. The expose an exhaustive investigation,World has torn began the last secrecy off the Klan's mummery and it is series of twenty articles upon the Ku Klux shown to be the lowest and vilest sort of Klan. Not only was it shown that the money-making scheme conducted by those Klan was attempting to suppress the Negro, who are ready to play upon prejudices of anti-Catholic propaganda of a mostvirulent any and every sort for their own advantage. This expose travelled the length and prejudice against Japanese and Jews. The breadth of the United States, being reprinted was newspapers. American shown to be bound by unTo the World, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People had the privilege of contributing information which was publicly acknowledged in the World's articles. The National Association two months before the articles began to the disposal of a representative of the Even before the election of 1920, in which World. Lists of the atrocities attributed r.he Ku Klux Klan attempted to intimidate to the Ku Klux Klan were published in the colored voters, the National Association World, and public acknowledgment by the for the Advancement of Colored People Klan of its responsibility in a number of was endeavoring to obtain facts about these cases. bed-sheet heroes. An officer of theAssociation discovered, when he was invite join the Klan under the mistakenimpression that he was a white man, tha Klan intended to organize in New York City. The attention of the New YorkPolice Department, the Mayo menace and both the Mayor and the District Attorney assured the people of New York that the Klan would not be permitted within the city's limits. Subsequently, the Klan in dozens of powerful The personal lives of the leaders of the Klan, who pretended to be leading in a campaign the World published the fact that two of the leaders of the Klan had been arrested in a disorderly house in Atlanta and fined, N. A. A. C. P. 23 one of those arrested being the chief woman a report on the Klan, and William J. Burns, in the Klan. head of the Federal secret service, turned over such a report to President Harding. To such an extent was the NationalAssociation for the Advancement of Colore People useful in exposing the Klan, that THE ARKANSAS CASES the Klan actually attempted to employ a The fight still goes on in the Arkansas traitorous colored man to create dissension in the Association's ranks. A former executed in September are still alive. Klansman, C. Anderson Wright, writing in the New York American, of September 16, spoke of this dastardly attempt as follows: Another subject of serious discussion was the realization that the power of the Negro An appeal to the Governor for reprieve was unsuccessful. Then our attorneys applied for stay to the execution. On learning that the writ of certiorari could not be obtained in time to stop the execution, as the judges society, known as the Society for the Advancement of Colored people, was becoming Washington of the Federal Court would not be ina great menace in the expansion of the Ku application was made for a writ of habeasKlux Klan, as it was continually giving to corpus. This was granted and madereturnable the press publicity on the Klan'sunderhanded methods. This society was getting active in State Legislative work, having already succeeded in having introduced by a Negro legislator from Chicago, a bill denouncing the Klan in the IllinoisLegislature.from joining or associating in any manner with the Ku Klux Klan. On Tuesday, September 27, a telegram was received, stating that the writ was sustained Evidence is now in hand which should have large weight towards securing the This activity on the part of the Negro, freedom of the prisoners who are yet to in the judgment of Clarke, warranted come to trial and which will favorably affect th prompt action, and it was decided to set up The other cases will be tried in Marianna, a rival organization to the Society for the Ark., in the near future. This will be the Advancement of Colored People without delay. Clarke began with a Negro in his own employ, a man of unusual intelligence, who was in charge of the servants on his farm on the outskirts of Atlanta. This servant enlisted the services of other Negroes as spies, and they attended the meetings of the society and reported everything that was said and done. Also, these spies sought to create dissatisfaction and discord among the members of the society. It is, therefore, established, practically conclusively, that the Klan has actually first opportunity to use the new evidence. The Association is leaving no stone unturned these men. We urgently appeal for contributions to the Arkansas Defense Fund to meet this critical moment in the defense of these innocent CERTIFICATE MEMBERSHIP DRIVE been driven to employ spies to try to create dissension in the National Association At the Atlanta Conference it was voted for the Advancement of Colored People. The Association is gratified at the Klan's lack of success and feels this attention on the part of the Klan to be a tribute to itstreason to the principles upon which the American State rests. Following the exposure of the Ku Klux Klan's hypocrisy and treason, the National Association appealed to President Harding in a telegram urging his endorsement of a complete Federal investigation of the Klan's activities and Congressional action should that prove necessary. At about that time, Attorney General Daugherty ordered the Department of Justice to make that an attorney be employed by the Association who should give his whole time to its work. It was thought that such an effectiveness in fighting the Ku Klux Klan's arrangement, supplementing the voluntary service of the Legal Committee of theAssociation, At the Detroit Conference it was voted that as soon as the Association found itself be done towards organization in all sections of the country. The Association so far has found itself unable to carry out these recommendations and also unable to do many other things THE CRISIS that it would like to enter upon because of 1919 Drive22,875 1920 lack of funds. One dollar from its members will not furnish do the work which needs to be done. It has not been our good fortune to secure many bequests from oursoon be established. Over 90 percent of our support comes from colored people, and it is well that this should be so; but most of these are One Dollar members. It is because One Dollar a year will not furnish sufficient means, that the branches are now being urged to conduct some time in October 1921 Drive:— New members gained. . New branches organized well-to-docitizens, but we hope that the habi Branches ove r 1,000 members now Branches ove r 1,000 members before the Drive Branches over 500 members nowBranches over 500 members before the Drive (no drive held) sufficient revenue to 44,200  37 13 3 18 7 RECEIPTS persons whose means are such that they Receipts from the Drive $28,243.53 or November a one-week CertificateMembership Drive. In every branch there DISBURSEMENTS should donate each year to the Association Printing $1,668.84 $25, $50, $100, or more. Almost every Buttons 822.92 member in all our branches can. without Salaries 996.46 undue sacrifice, become either a Gold or a Postage 600.00 Blue Certificate member. The Gold Certificate at $10 a year means the spending of $6,284.11 less than 20c per week for the work of securing justice for our group. The Blue Sales of buttons and litCertificate at $5 a year means spending erature 1,360.12 less than 10c per week for this end.of our members is so poor that heThis is very little to pay for liberty. One Dollar members may become or Blue Certificate members by paying $9 or $4, respectively. It is hoped that every branch will enter this one-week intensive campaign. The pioneer in this idea is our branch at Florence, S. C, in which a large proportion of the members are certificate members. None Net disbursements $ 4,923.99 cannot afford, if he would, 20c or 10c a week. Gold Net receipts from the Drive $23,319.54 THE CASE OF HARLEM HOSPITAL ARLEM HOSPITAL is one of the units under the control of Bellevue and Allied Hospitals' Association—themunicipal City. Harlem has 150,000 colored people, and the hospital from its location is fitted to serve their needs. But there have been so many rumors and statements of alleged graft,mistreatment Harlem Hospital that the colored residents prefer to go to any other hospital in the city. It is significant that the 109th Street The one-week intensive drive is to beconducted primarily within the branch Hospital states that twenty per cent, of every branch take as its motto: One Hundred Percent Certificate Membership! their total admissions are colored, and that eighty per cent, of these are from Harlem. The Presbyterian and St. Luke's Hospitals DRIVE OF THE N. A. A. C. P. also have an unusually large percentage of  have had many queries concerning colored admissions. These are all out of herewith colored At the same time we wish the final drive report. We arethe printing it. district. In spite of their to congratulate the branches on the splendid work they did under the very adverse patients of the Harlem Hospital are colored. circumstances produced by the economic depression. demoted It will be of interest to review at the same time the previous drives of the Association. Moorfield Storey Drive (1918), new membership gained 26,916 In January, Mr. Cosmo O'Neil, the Superintendent been notably fair in his attitude towards colored people and who had placed colored physicians on the hospital staff, was N. A. A. C. P. 	26 Alderman George W. Harris, deeming it colored committee, the consultants of the necessary to have a friend of the colored American Hospital Association are alleged people at Bellevue, and feeling that the to have offered, after the second hearing, demotion was not the result of anyincompetency, took up the matter with Mayo to secure a $2,000,000 Negro hospital if the Hylan, seeking the reinstatement of Mr. matter would be dropped. O'Neil. At this time, it was thought well The committee is reported to have replied to bring up the matter of the treatment the rights of colored patients, nurses, doctors of colored patients at Harlem Hospital and and not in securing a segregatedinstitution. to seek a remedy. Harlem Medical Association, the organization and pharmacists, who fully endorsed their Mr. Harris, Dr. Allen B. Graves,Attorney Morton, and Mr. Walter fight and employed a special investigator assistant secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., and two attorneys to help in the matter. formed a committee representing the colored citizens who sought to reinstate the Mr. William N. Colson was employed as investigator superintendent, but without success. After meeting with the Board, who pushed aside their requests, the committee then brought before the Mayor a mass of data they had collected concerning allegedpatients. The Mayor appointed Commissioner of Accounts Hirschfield to hear the complaints, and the defense. Five hearings in all were held. A mass of evidence was produced in the form of sworn affidavits and personal witnesses, charging the hospital authorities Ferdinand Morton as counsellors. All of these did excellent work. graft,mistreatment and shameless neglect of colored It was made clear that the crux of the whole question is the admission of colored nurses and internes. The strong objection —it is alleged—is based on the necessary social intermingling this would entail. The entire matter is not yet settled, but there have been certain importantimmediate with grave offenses against colored patients. 1. Bellevue and Allied Hospital Boards, together with the local board of Harlem Hospital The committee averred that these conditions only could be remedied by the presence colored physicians are determined to and Surgical Board of Harlem Hospital, fight for their full rights. and made as its minimum demand that there be appointed two such members, and that visiting physicians with the full rights 2. Two physicals who were in theMedical of the hospital and visiting surgeons with transferred to the Surgical Out-patient full rights to the hospital be appointed. Department—a promotion. These are Dr. Louis T. Wright and Dr. Douglass Johnson. Two other physicians have Commissioner Hirshfield had the hospital records of January and Februaryexamined, been appointed in the MedicalOut-patient that forty-six per cent, of all admissions were colored, he stated that it was but fair that colored people have representation on the Board. Much publicity was given the hearings through the reports in the New York News, the Harlem Home News, and the New York Tribune. As a result of the pressure occasioned by the publicity given to the work of the and Dr. Ralph Young. 3.	 Two others have been permitted to work in the hospital, Dr. Ernest Alexander in the Skin Department and Dr. Vernon Ayer in the X-Ray Department. 4	 Colored Red Cross nurses have been permitted 5.	 The hospital also has promised to admit colored nurses. Men of the Month. volunteer social service worker in New ON October 1, 1888, during theadministration of Lord Sackville West, Charles Fleurence Meline Browne enter.d theHe has served as a messenger and clerical assistant through the administrations of Lord Paunceforte, Sir Michael Herbert, Sir Mortimer Durand, Viscount Bryce, Sir Cecil A. Spring-Rice, Lord Reading, SirAuckland Geddes, a period of 33 years. The Order of the British Empire wasthe most popular medals given by the Crown. Mr. Browne is the first Negro, and one of the few persons in the United States, to be awarded this medal. Mr. Browne was born in Washington, D. C, December 24, 1871. He studied in the public schools of the District of Columbia and was graduated from the law school of Howard University in 1898. HE late Dr. Samuel John Ross was president of the College of West Africa, Liberia. He was born in British Guiana, South America, September 19, 1880. In 1902 he came to the United States and entered Lincoln University, where he was given Jer born in Washington, D. C, 44 years ago, service of the Chancery of the British Embassy being the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Brooks. She served as a clerk to thesupervising and was for several years a supervisor of first year work in the public schools of Edward Grey and the present incumbent, Sir Washington. She married Attorney Eugene M. Gregory, a graduate of HarvardUniversity Jersey and New York. created by King George in 1917 and is one Among Mrs. Gregory's activities in New-Jersey Were the offices of vice-president of the Newark Branch of the NationalAssociation the New Jersey Federation of ColoredWom and the Colored Mission of the Diocesan Auxiliary of the Cathedral of St. John the Divine, and a director of the Music School Settlement. A scholarship in memory of Mrs. Gregory Training and Industrial School for Colored Youth at Bordentown, N. J., by the Federation the degrees of Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Divinity in 1907. He was president and valedictorian of his class and the winner of three gold medals for oratory. AURELIO EDUARDO BERMUDEZ was 1908 he matriculated at the College of Physicians and Surgeons, in Chicago, and was born in the Province of Colon, August graduated in 1912 with honors. In 1913 Dr. Ross married Miss Pearl F. Thomasson, of Chicago, and during the year they sailed for Porto Rico, where Dr. Ross did interne work at Yauco. He practiced medicine in the United States from 1915-'18; then he was appointed Medical Missionary to Liberia by the Board of Foreign Missions of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Under his administration the College of West Africa grew from an enrollment of 250 to and only Negro Captain on the Isthmus. -356. In collaboration with Mrs. Ross, a Y. W. C. A., a Y. M. C. A„ and an athletic association were established, being the first of their kind in Liberia. 1, 1893. He joined the police force when fourteen years of age, being the youngest member of that body, and became attached to the Bureau of Investigation. He is known as the only finger-print expert in Central America. In 1912 Mr. Bermudez was appointed Chief of the Investigation Bureau of the City of Colon, with the rank ofSub-Lieutenant. promoted to the rank of Lieutenant, last October. In January of this year he was appointed Captain of the InvestigationDepartment "Fifty years ago, David JonathanPhillips ""THE late Mrs. Musette Brooks Gregory College and the Pharmacy School of the of Newark. N. J., was a prominent 26 A.URELIO E. BERMUDEZ DR. DAVID J. PHILLIPS THE LATE DR. SAMUEL J. ROSS CHARLES F. M. BROWNE THE LATE MRS. MUSETTE B. GREGORY THE CRISIS Dr. Harvey A. Murray Dr. T. E. Stevens Dr. Douglas B. Johnson Dr, Darrington Weaver N St. Louis, Mo., Dr. Darrington Weaver Public Hospital, in Kingston, and wasappointedresident dispenser at the Falmout received the appointment of CityPost-Mortem Public Hospital. After three years he resigned from Government service and established per year. Dr. Weaver was born in Hearne, Spring. He came to the United States and Texas, December 31, 1889. He was graduated fro enrolled, in 1894, at the Medical Chirugical College of Philadelphia, from which he was graduated in 1898, as the winner of the Spencer Morris Special Prize of $100 for the A MEMBER of the Board of Health at best examination in medical jurisprudence Wilmington, Del., is Dr. HarveyAllen and toxicology. He passed thePennsylvaniaMedical State Boar Examination,making staff of the Babies' Hospital an Day Nursery.time. Then he studied in Canada, where November 8, 1891. He is a graduate of the he was graduated from the Medical School Medical School of Howard University, 1913. of the University of Bishop's College, taking with first honors the degrees of M.D., CM. Later, in London, he passed the examination of the Royal College of Surgeons and Physicians, and was awarded the degrees of M.R.C.S. (England), and L.R.C.P. (London). He has served as assistant physician at the Royal South London Opthalmic Hospital and as an assistant at the Royal DR. T. E. STEVENS was born in Tuskegee, Ala. Victoria Nose and Throat Hospital. In graduated from Meharry Medical College. 1917 he was elected a member of the City In Tennessee, he has served as a member of Council of Kingston. the Board of Health, at Jellico, and of the Board of Aldermen, at Cleveland. In 1914 Dr. Douglas B. Johnson was graduated from College of Medicine. He passed the Virginia was born February 19, 1888, in Petersburg, Va., where he was one of the founders of the William A. Crowder MemorialHospital. in America and abroad. Dr. Johnson is a member of the Visiting Staff of the Harlem HospitaWhile in Philadelphia, Dr. Phillips was New York City. resident physician at the FrederickDouglassMemorial Hospital and chairma the Board of Trustees of Zion Baptist Church. He was a founder of the Banneker Building and Loan Society, and is still its president. The Looking Glass LITERATURE My Race Y life were lost, if I should keep A hope-forlorn and gloomy face, And brood upon my ills, and weep And mourn the travail of my race. Who are my brothers? Only those Who were my own complexion swart? Ah no, but all through whom there flows The blood-stream of a manly art. Wherever the light of dreams is shed, And faith and love to toil are bound, There will I stay to break my bread, For there my kinsmen will be found. LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, in his "Wings of Oppression." * * * Lyman Abbott writes in The Independent of Booker T. Washington: Only once did I ever know him to "let himself go." This was at the graduating exercises at Hampton Institute. He and I The speaker's task was a difficult one. He had to stand at one side between the two audiences and play the part of Mr. "Facing-Both-Ways." Mr. Washington turned first toward one, then toward the other, of the two audiences as he spoke. He appealed to the members of his race to secure theeloquent portrait of what the race had done since emancipation to justify self-respect he swung himself around as on a pivot and, speaking with unaccustomed vehemence to the white portion of his audience, cried out: "I tell you, we are as proud of our race as you are of yours." It was like a flash from a before silent and supposedly unloaded gun. How the Negroes on the platform cheered him! * * * America's Making News tells of the piece mummy with hands upraised, symbolizing the self-emancipation of that race from ignorance into educated, self-reliantcitizens is being modelled at the artist's Boston studio and will be life size. Mrs. Fuller is a pupil of Rodin and was educated at the Philadelphia Academy of Fine Arts. FAR FLUNG PROPAGANDA EVEN Denmark has been penetrated by anti-American Negro propaganda. The "Birth of a Nation" has lifted up its ugly lying head in Copenhagen. Fortunately for us Edward Franklin Frazier, who is now studying at the University of Copenhagen, was there to protest and to publish the main facts of Reconstruction in theCopenhagen Mr. Frazier protests against thehistorical A young American student of Negro descent, spoke on that occasion on the same platform. The of class American my senior the certainly—if fellowship Scandinavian memory serves me right, all the Institute Foundation (Niels-Poulsen Foundation), students—were gathered on this platform, has sent us the following: wnile the visitors, mostly white, were seated upon the floor of the great building. I write the following criticism of the film, "The Birth of a Nation," merely in the defense of truth. The film might be allowed to pass as any other piece offictionlacking-realism but substantiation and its veiled attack upon a righteous cause and the race that benefitted by the triumph of that cause. respect of their white neighbors, not by After the recent World War the South, fearing that the Negroes because of their part in the struggle would thereafterresist Klan. Even in the Southern States the idea of a secret organization dispensing justice was opposed by some citizens. In the city of New York the police were ordered Klan as other criminals. In spite of this opposition an attempt was made to popularizeeducative force in America—the moving picture. Where the picture was shown, riots generally resulted not only because of the resentment on the part of Negroes but also because of the infuriated ignorant whites. The picture is barred from some cities while in other cities it is only permittedreal artistic setting, this picture has come the minds ofunsuspecting to Europe to poison of art to be exhibited by Meta Warrick Fuller at the coming exposition, "America's Making." Mrs. Fuller is now at work on a commission given by the Negro Group. She. is designing a statue which will be in the centre of the Negro exhibit, showing a femal figure emerging from the wrappings of a 29 THE CRISIS The most serious indictment against the certain positions in order to free themselve picture is that it falsifies history and glorifies the most notorious band of criminal from foreign tutelage. in American history. Congressionalinvestigations was proved basic idea that the Ku Klux Klan a Pan- Such the of firsta dangerous band of criminals bent on murdering not only innocent Negroes but als African Congress held in Paris in 1919 ana conscientious whites, who sought to erect presided over by M. Diagne, the French political institutions on the ruins of the Deputy from Senegal andhighCommissioner slave oligarchy. Nowhere can one find there were present at these meetingsdelegates either in written records or tradition the over the glob e great majority of the crimes charged in thedelegates came, however, from the America picture againstNegroes during Reconstruction never dominated the legislature of any where there are at present 12 millions of state during the Reconstruction Period. Negroes emancipated 60years ago who, Only once and then for only two years in aided by the United States, have continued the Lower House in South Carolina did the to work out their intellectual, economic and Negroes outnumber the whites; the ratio political emancipation. There are several being 3:2 and not as the picture charges financial institutions in America, founded more than 5:1. Laws permittingintermarriage could not have been passed b and run by Negroes, and the fortune of the Negroes even then, for the whites always blacks in the United States is estimated at had an overwhelming majority in the Upper Chamber. A similar development has does not show  taken 5 billions. The picturethe fact that Negroes established the first place in the intellectual and educational free public school system in the South. Nor fields. Negroes have created over there, aways do we find in it the fact thatsuffrage—restricted—was not granted even a the Negroes attended the bv and university until only South subterfuges as: A Negro found without members of their own race so that today suitable employment shall be hired preferably to his former master for his board the American Negroes have reallyaccomplished and lodging; and a Negro impudent to a white by word or gesture is guilty of a misdemeanor and shall be returned to his master on the same terms. These colored men, to use a currentexpression,the world, and who found themselves during of a sacred cause, finally felt the desire to found a native organization—that is to say, they asked themselves what, after all, was their original country, and if they should not lay claim to it and show that by their efforts to emancipate themselves, they had conquered the right to aspire to the obtainment had not been, as it were, allowed to Griffith's other play was barred, I understand, because it gave offense to Germany. But, alas! the Negro is the defenseless victim of lies and can only appeal to the conscience of mankind. I address these remarks to the good people of Copenhagebecause the world has suffered so much by This original country, according to them, ignoring the mandate of the Man who said is Africa. Hence this Pan-AfricanCongressnearly 2,000 years ago: "Ye shall know the in Paris revealed the means of civilization truth and the truth shall make you free." and of emancipation possessed by these colored The movement is very interesting to FROM BRUSSELS study. Those who are engrossed with the THE Belgian L'Exportateur Beige writes question of the future and the evolution of the sessions of the Pan-AfricanCongress held in Brussels. Rayfor of a race that was formerly rather badly treated and—as History tells us—for a translates: long time held in the bonds of slavery are beginning to have that idea. After contributing with their well-known The promoters of the first Congress are courage and self-sacrifice to the operations planning to hold a second session in Brussels. of war that finally assured once more the maintenance of threatened civilization, the Negroes, fighting in the ranks of the various allied armies, began to reflect in the CONCERNING MOB VIOLENCE different parts of Europe where they were The Indianapolis News of Indiana tells in contact with a way of living and of organizing life totally unfamiliar to them, and said to one another, that it would perhapsus:  be well to study, in their turn, the means of creating a mode of living similar One cannot read the papers even in the to that in Europe and at the same time most casual way without being impressed of qualifying themselves to fulfill, like the and shocked by the growing popularity of whites, certain functions and to occupy lynch law in this country. Whether the and feathered, burned at the stake or hanged, the act is, in essence, lynching THE LOOKING GLASS though perhaps not technically so. For it is the execution of a sentence passed b:, those who have no right to pass it, and the "law" enforced is nothing more than the will or whim of those who set themselves up as the guardians of what is supposed-by the guardians—to be the public welfare. * * * To which the Rochester, N. Y., Herald adds: Racial rancor and anciently implanted antipathies are not peculiar to any section or limited by climatic or political boundaries, if recent happenings are to be taken as evidence. Even the rockribbed conservatism of New England seems not to be proof against the lynching fever when the neces sary incentive is applied. * * * The Buffalo, N. Y., Evening Times gives us the following thoughts on mob violence, and points out the way to stop it. The "authorities" in the various com munities seem to be paralyzrd with fright or incapacity, and indeed in some instances show a disposition entirely in sympathy with the mobs. The thing is getting to be a fashion. Cus tom soon becomes law. It is a serious sit uation; but it raises a question still more serious,—are we degenerating as a people, or are we merely showing ourselves in our true colors? The war has torn the masks from many nations. Is its influence divest ing us of a masquerade? Whether these queries are answered in the affirmative or the negative, one thing is certain—this wave of lawlessness could, and can, be stopped forthwith by those who have been sworn to uphold the law. If the President of the United States were to issue a proclamation denouncing "lynch law" and directing the Attorney General's Department to pursue and punish with merciless severity within the Federal jurisdiction every person convicted of participation in such outrages, and if the President would further appeal to the Governors of the various States to follow his example with similar proclamations and direction? to the District Attorneys of all counties in the different Commonwealths, the cowardly and dastardly "lynching parties" would instantly seek cover after the fashion of such gregarious assassins. * * * Through the Herald, of Erie, Pa., we learn: Massachusetts and Tennessee, a northern and a southern st'-ite, have just been furnishing commendable illustrations of how to prevent lynching. They have both demonstrated that mob violence cannot prevail where the constituted authorities are possessed of the moral courage and the will to suppress it. Barnstable and Knoxville were fortunate in the possession of resolute officials at a time when courage and resolution were most needed. In the Massachusetts case the mob displayed the usual mob characteristics and cowered when it saw itself opposed by armed authority. At Knoxville a little blood-letting was found necessary, but the mob did not stand for much of it and has probably learned its lesson. Promptness and energy in the suppression of lawlessness is always effective. Indecision and a disposition to compromise with the mob spirit always encourages violence. Knoxville and Barnstable have furnished two excellent examples of law enforcement which will have the unqualified approval of all who believe in American ideals. * * * Further, we read in the Cincinnati, Ohio, Commercial Tribune, these encouraging words: In the matter of lynch law and mob execution in protection of women from the menace of brutish baseness there has just been given an expression by southern women that is at once illuminating and inspiring. The emanation is in form of a state ment issued from a special section of the Georgia State Committee on Inter-Racial Co-operation. The membership of this section, it is stated, is composed entirely of southern women. The statement reads: We believe that no falser appeal can be made to southern manhood than that mob violence is necessary for the protection of womanhood, or that the brutal practice of lynching and burning human beings is an expression of chivalry. We believe that these methods are no protection to anything or anybody, but that they jeopardize every right and every security that we possess. That is a preachment in behalf of orderly observance of law founded on a principle «-i&lt;f&gt;t adhered to «s here set forth, cannot but bring about rigorous, righteous enforcement of law. It is an appeal from lawless r.ess to law, from the specious argument of curing violence by violence of the sound argument of insuring immunity under law by referring all crimes and misdemeanors to adjudication through law. This may be womanly intuition of which we are wont to prate. It is essentially womanly intelligence sensing right which alone is cure for wrong. * * * The Brooklyn, N. Y., Eagle, observes: It is a pleasure to note that women as women, even Georgia women, are tired of what has camouflaged the lynching terror for half a century. Former Governor Hugh Dorsey, whose manly attack on Judge Lynch was univer sally applauded by right-thinking persons, seemed to have been beaten down by the reactionaries when Hardwick became Governor and the executive policy was changed. But this new development gives fresh illustration to the proposition that right conduct THE CRISIS and true speaking are never without permanent effect, no matter how unpopular for the moment. The State of Georgia will be brought close to Dorsey's position if these energetic women keep up their work. And to the material industrial interests of Georgia no greater service can be done than the establishment of fair play to the Negroes, on whose skilled and unskilled labor the State must long depend. THE VOTE the Call of New York, we read: We have had occasion the past year or two to call attention to the changing political conditions of the South as a result of the increasing importance of capitalist production in that section. We have pointed out that the Republican party has been gradually dumping its Negro traditions to win the support of the southern oligarchy Today the views of the party as formulated by Lincoln, Sumner and Seward have been practically repudiated. If these men were to return today they would find a rapidly increasing coalition of the Republican party with the southern ruling class and that the terms of the coalition are the sacrifice of the Negro. Over his prostrate body the ruling classes of two sections make peace. A dispatch to the Evening Post from Richmond, Va., shows that the bargain is being consummated. It is agreed by the Republicans of that state that they are to be a "white man's party." More significant still is the statement: "It is understood that this innovation meets with entire ap proval at Washington." This means that the bargain with southern Democrats has the approval of the national Republican lead ers. Negro Republicans were barred from the Republican Club of Richmond by the police when they sought to participate in the election of delegates to the state con vention. "In exchange for the loss of its Negro auxiliaries," we read, "the Renublicans in Virginia have gained the suptiort of manv men of influence and wealth." Among these are railroad presidents, hankers, cap italists and business men of R:chmond, Nor folk, Lynchburg and other cities. In short, the Republican aggregation is admitted to be a consolidation of catrtalist wealth and power. It is to maintain an unwritten agreement with the Democratic carry for the complete exclusion of the Ne°ro from elections. The agreement frees the ruling class of Virginia from dependence upon one political machine. On° congressional district has been car ried by the Republicans for a number of years and the Republican vote has boen srowine in other districts. The Republi can national committee has already taken steps to eliminate the Ne?ro from its coun cils and Republican conventions with the exnectat;on that a "lily white" Republican parfv will increase in power in the South All this follows the marked economic changes of the last half century which are slowly transforming the South into an image of the capitalist North. It. indicates the sweep of capitalist production to the Gulf. The old political traditions of Lincoln and other early leaders of the Republican party are being abandoned and the bargain consists of the complete social, eco nomic and political degradation of the Negro workers of the South. It also carries with it a similar degradation for many hundreds of thousands of white workers who are excluded from the franchise by various exception laws. The last semblance of difference between both political parties in national politics is being wiped out. Capitalism is national and its parties at last become national in scope. The Negro Republican leaders who have led masses of Negroes to their betrayal are themselves being kicked in the face for their treachery. A final chapter in the orientation of the two-party machine of capitalism is being written for the instruction of the working class of all colors and degrees of economic servitude. THE SOUTH AND "MR." T N an article in The Christian States * wan, the Hon. Bolton Smith of Memphis, Tenn., has this to say: The white people in every locality of the South should get in close touch with the conservative local Negro leaders. They should grant all possible requests coming from them for the improvement of the schools and living condit:ons of their people and for their protection in person and property. Such leaders should be encouraged to speak with frankness to local white leaders of the conditions of which their people complain and fault should not readily be found with them for what they may say to their own people. If we think them mistaken we should reason with them, not threaten them. If they are not allowed a certain freedom in their intercourse with their people, we cannot expect them to have influence with them. We must begin to show, in our address to the Negro leaders for whom we feel respect, some of that respect we should show to the most ordinary members of our own race. A Negro leader of standing and character is enti tled to be addressed as Mr., and his wife as Mrs., for in our own tongue we have no other title of respect. We do it now :n correspondence and I believe we must do it in speech. This will be difficult to many of us, but I can see no other course if we hope to maintain relations of genuine sym ; pathy with these leaders. Thiss the only civilized country in the world in which all Negroes—high and low—are addressed alike. In other lands it has been the effort to so treat the Negro leader that he would side with the white man's government. The difficulty of our problem has been increased by our failure to do this AMERICAN NEGRO MINISTERS AT THE ECUMENICAL COUNCIL OF METHODISM. IN LONDON, With portraits of Bishops Coppin, Smith and Jones; Secretaries Hawkins and Wright; Dr. W. S. Scarborough; Mrs. J. F. Hurst; and others. The Horizon COMPILED BV MADELINE G . ALLISON MUSIC AND ART STUDENTS of Myrtilla Miner Normal School, Washington, D. C , have presented a pageant, "The Beckoning Spirit," which depicts the history of their school. The work was under the direction of J. Francis Gregory of the English Department. (i Granville L. Stewart, tenor, Louie V. Jones, violinist, and William S. Lawrence pianist-accompanist, have been making ; tour of towns in Nova Scoti i. Numbers that have particularly pleased their audiences are "Reflection," taken from Dunba by William S. Lawrence; "Rising Sun," by R. Nathaniel Dett; and Negro "Spirituals,' by H. T. Burleigh. G Elmer C. Bartlett has given an orgar recital at First A. M. E. Church, Los Ange les, Cal. His program included works i Bach, Coleridge-Taylor, Guilmant, Dubois and Horatio Parker. (I Mayor Hylan's Committee on City Music, in New York City, included the Negro in its presentations. The 15th Regiment Band and Revella E. Hughes, soprano, rendered numbers, among which were Tchaikowsky's "1812," Arditi's "Ah Wondrous Morn" and "II Bacio," and Coleridge Taylor's "Explanation." C Mamie Smith, the colored "jazz" singer for phonograph records, has filled a 3-day engagement at the Regent Theatre, Baltimore, Md., where she was paid $1,000 per day. EDUCATION THE Atlanta School of Social Sen-ice is conducting its 2nd session at Morehouse College. Courses lead to secretaryships of associated charities, anti-tuberculosis asso ciations and Urban Leagues; probation and attendance officers; recreation directors and welfare workers in churches, Y. M. C. A.'s, Y. W. C. A.'s and industries. G Mildred D. Brown, a colored girl in Jersey City, N. J., has entered Lincoln High School at the age of eleven. C Colored high school students in Brooklyn, N. Y., have organized the Alplm Chi Sigma Fraternity in the interest of higher scholarship. William A. Hunton, Jr., is the secretary. C Governor Hyde has released $100,000 for the erection of a dormitory at Lincoln University, Jefferson City, Mo. G The State Board of Education has voted to discontinue secondary work at West Virginia Collegiate Institute. Units of work now include colleges of education, engineering, agriculture, industrial education, arts, science, home economics and business administration. Messrs. F. C. Sumner, Ph.D., psychology; A. P. Hamblin, B.S., biology; .and E. L. Kelly, B.S., home economics, have been added to the faculty. The president is John W. Davis. G At the University of Chicago, H. Councill Trenholm has been awarded the degree of Bachelor of Philosophy with honors. He is a member of the Alphi Phi Alpha Fraternity. Mr. Trenho'm will teach at the State Normal School in Montgomery, Ala., this year. C Meta L. Christy, a colored girl of Kokomo, Ind., has received the degree of Doctor of Osteopathy from the Philadelphia College and Hospital for Osteopathy. C Walter L. Smith has been appointed to succeed Garnet G. Wilkinson as principal of Dunbar High School in Washington, D. C. Mr. Smith is a graduate of Howard University. He has been a teacher in Washington since 1902. C Prof. Roscoe C. Bruce, formerly Assistant Superintendent of Colored Schools, in Washington, D. C , has accepted the position of Rural Supervisor of Schools in Huntington, W. Va. His salary is $3,000 a year. Cl Fort Dearborn Hospital and Training School for Nurses has been opened in Chicago, 111. Negroes may enter for nurse training and interneship. 34 THE HORIZON C Since the beginning of the present school session, 15 rural school houses have been opened for Negroes in Tennessee. Julius Rosenwald contributed $50,000 toward fi nancing this work. C The Colored High School at Lynchburg, Va., opened this term with a Negro faculty. Many former students, who had dropped out while white teachers were in charge, have re-enrolled. (I John W. Lee has been awarded a scholar ship at the University of Pennsylvania. C By making Grade A average, Charles H. Houston, a Negro law student at Harvard University, has automatically become one of the editors of the Harvard Law Review. His average, 75 percent, is the highest ever made by a colored law student. C Estella Lovett has been appointed Assistant Principal at the Booker T. Washington School in Kansas City, Mo. Miss Lovett was formerly Girls' Work Secretary at the Paseo Branch of the Y. W. C. A. C. In Washington, D. C , the Dunbar High School opened this year with an enrollment of 1,267 as against 1,120 last year; the Armstrong Manual Training School report* an enrollment of 731, an increase of 242; at the Shaw Junior High School there are 319 students as compared with 215 on opening day last year. (I Charles Chandler, a Negro student in the Yale University Law School, has been appointed a contributing editor of the Yale Law Journal. MEETINGS OVER 8,000 people were in attendance at the National Baptist Convention, Inc., which was held in Chicago. Dr. E. C. Morris, of Little Rock, Ark., was re-elected president. The Rev. Mr. L. G. Jordan resigned the secretaryship, after 26 years' service. He was made secretary emeritus with a salary of $1,200 per year and a purse of $2,500. Dr. J, E. East, a returned missionary from Africa, was elected to succeed Mr. Jordan. The financ'al report shows $323,860 raised during the year. Dr. Morris denounced the plan of northern white Baptists to set up regional organizations among Negroes. C The Lott-Carey Foreign Mission Convention and the Women's Auxiliary have been held in Newark, N. J. The sum of $38,000 was raised for work in Africa, South America and Haiti. Dr. C. S. Brown and Mrs. J. H. Randolph, of Richmond, Va., are pres idents of the convention and the auxiliary. C More than 300 delegates attended the 8th triennial convention of St. Joseph's Aid Society, which convened in Jersey City, N. J. The organization has 100,000 members and property valued at $100,000; its cash balance is $50,000. Dr. Thomas H. B. Walker, of Jacksonville, Fla., is president. C Four thousand people attended the Baptist Convention, unincorporated, which was held in New Orleans, with Dr. E. P. Jones presiding. Dr. R. H. Boyd, corresponding secretary of the National Baptist Publishing Board, reported that more than $225,000 had been collected by the Board. With the addition of the National Baptist Theological Seminary and Training School at Nashville, worth $250,000, the publishing plant is valued at $750,000. INDUSTRY THE Square Deal Realty &amp; Loan Com pany, a Negro enterprise in Kansas City, Mo., is conducting departments in real estate, insurance, mortgage loans and home building. Its capital of $250,000 is fully paid and non-assessable. It is paying quarterly dividends of 8 percent. Samuel R. Hopkins is president. C At Buffalo, N. Y „ the Haitian-African Coffee Company, a Negro concern, owns a 4-story building where colored people are employed in roasting and blending coffee. C Mr. R. S. Cobb, secretary of the Missouri Negro Industrial Commission, has published a bulletin on housing and health conditions in Missouri. C A Negro clerk in the Jersey City, N. J., Post Office, Robert Evans, has been promoted to the position of statistician. C Among employees in the Department of Finance of Jersey City, N. J., are the following Ne&lt;rroes: James Tate and Clarence Jones, rent inspectors; Gilbert Brown, jitney inspector, and Louis Faulkner, deputy sheriff. C In Akron, Ohio, Norman Kerr is a stenographer in the Engineer's Office, being the first Negro clerk in this office. (I Zova E. O. Tinsley, a blind Negro in Muskogee, Okla., owns 45 miles of telephone service. He has 49 subscribers who pay from $2.50 to $3.50 per month. Mr. Tinsley does his own line work, repairs instruments and makes installations. C Fourteen years ago, Charles Copper, a THE 36 Negro, entered the Civil Service of Chicago, 111., as a junior clerk. He now holds a position in the Division of Pipe Yards and Stores, with 17 clerks, 13 of whom are white, under his charge. C Up to April 30, 1921, the colored Berry &amp; Ross Manufacturing Company, in New York City, made a net sale of $37,312; it paid to its colored workers, $14,560. 0 The report of the Laborers' Penny Savings and Loan Company, in Waycross, Ga., shows that during the fiscal year ending August 31, 1921, the paid-in capital had increased from $28,811 to $47,463; deposits, from $68,318 to $97,060; total resources, from $107,705 to $149,677. The bank owns $16,025 worth of real estate, $7,301 in stock and Liberty Bonds, and has no bills payable. A dividend of 8 percent was declared. The officers are: Carlton W. Gains, president; Dr. H. C. Scarlett, vice-president; J. C. McGraw, treasurer; and O. R. Harper, cashier. C William A. Cornelius, a Negro in New York City, has been appointed to a clerkship in the Office of the Collector of Internal Revenue. His salary is $1,600 per year. C In the City Tax Office in Philadelphia, Pa., there are 2 colored deputy delinquent tax collectors, 2 deputy collectors, 7 senior grade clerks and 2 janitors. CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Aiken, S. C, September 8, Mansfield Butler, shot; attacking woman. Aiken, S. C , September 8, Charlie Thompson, shot; attacking woman. Columbia, La., September 13, Gilman Holmes, burned; attacking ticket agent. Pittsboro, N. C, September 18, Ernest Daniels, hanged; attacking woman. McComb, Miss., September 19, Edward McDowell. POLITICS NEGROES have for the first time been appointed to the Hudson County, N. J., Board of Election. The appointees are Mrs. Florence Jerome, Mrs. Rosa Frazier, Miss M. Goldsborough, Mrs. Ella Barksdale Brown, Dr. G. Warren Hooper, C. Bion Jones and Alderwin Thomas. C In the primary election in Baltimore, two Negro Republicans won nomination as CRISIS delegates to the Maryland Legislature. The nominees are Attorney Arthur E. Briscoe, who has served a clerkship in the Legislature, and David Robinson, a business man. Each candidate was fourth on his district list, with 1,148 and 1,700 votes, respectively. C Amos W. Scott, a Negro in Philadelphia, won Republican nomination for City Magistrate. (I In the primary election in New York City, two Negro members of the Board of Aldermen—Dr. Charles H. Roberts and George W. Harris, were re-nominated. d Negroes in Louisville, Ky., have organized the Lincoln Independent Party. A full city and county ticket, with the exception of the judiciary, will be put into the field. FRATERNITIES IN Jacksonville, Fla., the Progressive Order of Men and Women has held its first Grand Congress. The Order, which was organized 10 years ago, has a membership of 1,500. Dr. H. W. James, Dr. John E. Ford and Professor N. W. Collier are officials, and the Hon. Mr. George E. Taylor is general organizer. Among measures adopted by the Congress is the erection of a $100,000 temple. C Masons in Indianapolis, Ind., have laid the cornerstone of a $100,000 temple. C The mortgage on the Masonic Temple in Jacksonville, Fla., has been burned. The temple is valued at $500,000. Mr. O. D. Powell is Grand Master. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE THIRTEEN meetings to promote health educational plans were held last month for ministers, physicians and leaders of public thought in Chicago by the Chicago Urban League. Dr. Ralph B. Stewart, of the United States Public Health Service, and Franklin O. Nichols, of the American Social Hygiene Association, were the speakers. C T. Arnold Hill, Executive Secretary of the Chicago Urban League, is serving as a member of the Executive Committee of the Unemployment Conference formed to handle unemployment in that city. C Through the Armstrong Association of Philadelphia, affiliated with the National Urban League, an athletic director for girls at the Durham Public School has been appointed. Besides her athletic work with THE HORIZON girls during the period allotted for recreation, she is developing self-governing clubs. C The Home and School Vistors, formerly employed by the Armstrong Association as a demonstration of the possibilities of school visiting, have been taken over by the public school system—thus justifying the experiment of the Armstrong Association. d In the neighborhood of one public school in Philadelphia, which has about 1,400 colored pupils, the work of a Home and School Vistor has resulted in the establishment of one of the best equipped day nurseries in Philadelphia, the Harrison Day Nursery. It has accommodations for 70 children. C The Mayor's Unemployment Committee of New York City has as one of its members, James H. Hubert, Executive Secretary of the New York Urban League. C The "Fellows" appointed by the Nation r al Urban League for the school year 192122 are: T. Lloyd Hickman, graduate of Denison University, assigned to the New York School of Social Work; Miss Katherine B. Watts, graduate of Fisk University, assigned to the New York School of Social Work; and Miss Myrtle D. Hull, graduate of Spelman Seminary, assigned to the School of Economics of the University of Pittsburgh. C The Annual Conference of the National Urban League was held in Chicago, October 19 to 22. Among subjects discussed were unemployment, the Negro migrant, plans for recording and interpreting statistics as a basis for practical social effort, industrial relations and co-operation between the races. (I The Department of Research and Investigations of the National Urban League, of which Charles S. Johnson is the director, has completed a social survey of the Negroes in Flushing, L. I., and is now at work on a similar study in Hartford, Conn. It is working under the immediate auspices of the Mayor's Americanization Committee. C As a result of the child hygiene work which is being done in Newark, N. J., by three colored nurses appointed through the efforts of the New Jersey Urban League, Dr. Julius Levy, Director of the Bureau of Child Hygiene, reports that infant mortality among colored babies for the first six months of 1921 was 106 per 1,000 births, while for 1920 it was 173 per 1,000 births, and for 1919 it was 171 per 1,000 births. This is a reduction in one year of 67 points. d Dr. George E. Haynes was appointed a member of President Harding's Unemployment Conference, following protests of the National Urban League and its branches against the omission of Negro representation. Dr. Haynes was assigned special work with the Committee on Community Civic and Emergency Measures in dealing with unemployment. Col. Arthur Woods, of New York, is chairman of this committee. SOCIAL PROGRESS THE Reconnaissance Francaise, a bronze medal, has been awarded to Dr. Harriet A. Rice by the French Government for services in the French military hospitals during the world war. Dr. Rice is a Negro graduate of Wellesley College and of the Women's Medical College of New York. (I Victor R. Daly has been appointed to the staff of the Journal of Negro History, in Washington, D. C, as business manager. Mr. Daly is a graduate of Cornell. He served as a Lieutenant in the 367 "Buffalo" Regiment. C Mrs. E. D. Cannaday, a colored woman of Portland, Ore., has been admitted to the Bar. She recently pleaded a case in Judge Morrow's court and won her action. (I New York City has its first Negro detec tive sergeant, in the person of Wesley Red ding. Mr. Redding has been connected with the Police Department 18 months. C A tablet in memory of Hayward Sheppard is to be erected in Harper's Ferry, W. Va., by the Daughters of the Confederacy. Mr. Sheppard, a Negro porter, was the first person killed in the raid of John Brown. (T The price of business property which Dr. Charles E. Herriot purchased in St. Louis, Mo., is $30,000 instead of $80,000. d Mr. C. G. Williams, of Booneville, has been appointed Inspector of Negro Schools in Missouri. C The 25th anniversary of the Northeastern Federation of Colored Women's Clubs has been celebrated in Baltimore, Md. Miss Elizabeth Carter, of New Bedford, Mass., is president. d In the national tennis championship meet, Tally Holmes, of Washington, D. C , won in men's singles, defeating Dr. O. B. Williams, of Chicago. The scores were 6—4, THE CRISIS 9—7, 6—3. In the women's singles, Miss Lucy Slowe, of Washington, D. C , defeated Educate Your Girl at Miss Isadore Channels, of Chicago. Tally Holmes and Sylvester Smith were victors in the finals of the men's doubles. The mixed doubles championship went to Miss Esther Hawkins and Harold Freeman. Ted Thompson won the national junior title. d Miss Bessie Coleman, a colored woman of Chicago, 111., has become a certified aviatrix, after a course in aviation at the Condrau School in France. C Charles S. Gilpin, the Negro star in Eugene O'Neill's "The Emperor Jones," has been received in private audience by President Harding. C At its recent session in Milwaukee, Wis., the Army and Navy Union elected John E. Smith, a Negro of Washington, D. C, as national historian. The vote was 149-17. C John H. Pride, a Negro in Elizabeth, N. J., is the winner of the 50 target mer chandise event of the Duane Gun Club. Mr. Pride broke 49 clay birds out of a pos sible 50; he had two competitors trying for second honors, with 47. In a 100 target match, Mr. Pride broke 97 birds. C Samuel A. Barnett has been awarded a verdict of $100 against the Philadelphia Confectionery Company of Hackensack, N. J., for discrimination. C Earl Johnson, a Negro athlete, of Brad- dock, Pa., won the Masonic marathon race in Detroit. He finished 22% miles in 2 hours, 17 minutes and one-fifth of a second. C Frank R. Willis, a Negro poultryman, won the Grand Championship at the Ken tucky State Fair, defeating 3,850 fowls of all breeds for the honor. (I The "Committee of One Hundred" to en tertain visitors to the conference on the Limitation of Armament, to be held in Washington, D. C , has the following Ne gro members: Messrs. Emmett J. Scott, D. W. Wiseman, W. L. Houston, George Cook, Henry Lincoln Johnson, W. A. War- field and James A. Cobb. C The African Progress Union of London. England, gave a public reception to Dr. W. E. B. DuBois, September 29, at the Portman Rooms, Baker Street. Dr. John Aleindor presided. C A pageant on the history of the Negro race called "The Open Door" will be given in New York City, November 22, at Car negie Hall. It is for the benefit of Atlanta University. The National Training School for Women and Girls Lincoln Height!, Washington, D. C. Among the best schools for women and girls in the United States. The School that develops CHARACTER and PERSONALITY. We fill our students with a burning desire to go out into the world and make not only a LIVING but a LIFE. COURSES 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal, Music, Business. Domestic Solenoe and Arts Social Servloe Beauty Culture Physical Culture Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Thorough Training SEND FOR CATALOG Nannie H. Burroughs, President Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College Offers short courses in Auto Mechanics, Battery Repair, Acetylene Welding, Ignition and Vulcanizing. For full information address: Division of Mechanic Arts Prairie View, Tex. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acre*, fourteen building! Di rect railroad connections. The only school of its kind In historic Northern Virginia State standard Four-Tear High School Course Advanced Grade School. BualneM and Trade Course*. High moral standard*. Prepare* boy* and girl* to become useful men and women; term* reasonable. For Information addrsas EDWARD D. HOWE, Principal Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monograph! Sold Separately ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY " ATLANTA, Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MISS MADELINE ALLISON Shopper CHRISTMAS is only two months! Remember those last days of shopping last Christmas? And the clerks who didn't care—? Well, let me do your Christmas shopping for you this year in New York. Hurry up and write me. Address : Room 622 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. (Refers by permission to the Editor of the "Crisis.") 25,000 Agents Wanted 25,000 Men and women, be your own boss and earn $5.00 per day and more, handling- our line of goods. Over 100% profit, sells in every home, fast seller, sure repeater. Agent's outfit free to start with. DIXIE SALES AGENCY 3161 So. State St. CHICAGO STUDENTS We would like to secure the services of students during the school term to act as agents —taking subscriptions and selling single copies of The CRISIS Liberal commission is offered Address: A. G. DILL 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK. N. Y. XMAS CALENDARS WITH BEAUTIFUL NEGRO SUBJECTS SAMPLES FREE TOYour own Picture or PictureNeatly Adjusted to fit MR. BUSINESS MAN:—One ofto each of your customers, with PbOM tastefully printed on them, will be enthusiastically appreciated. Resides, it will keep you and your business continually before them, day and night, throughout the entire year which, of course, is the most valuable kind Of advertisement—you know that.—A sufficient line to select from. WRITE TO-DAY. WITH NEGRO ART BLOTTERS SUBJECTS Tffl JUST OUT Beautiful Jlrrjro CalrnOarg MERCANTILE CALENDAR COMPANY Calendar Fans and Blotters Colored Ad.eriismg Novelties Knarnel Surfaced Any Cut Can Be Used Assortment of Pictures A wtmdirful advertising medium—Knables you to "Put Your Message Across" many times a day. No particular season for blotters. They can he distributed any time. MERCANTILE CALENDAR CO. S25 T ST., N. W. WASHINGTON, D. C. NO AGENTS BUSINESS MEN  of your Business can be  Our Art Borders. these Calendars presented  your Name. Business and Holiday Suggestions THE CRISIS Calendar for 1922 will be a "Negro Homes Calendar"—containing pictures of attractive homes in the possession of Negroes in this country. Price 50 Cents per copy. Ready Dec. 10, 1921, You can make no better gifts to your friends than good books. Consult the inside back cover page of this issue of THE CRISIS for suggestions and prices and send your orders early. Is it a Holiday Gift to a friend? Then make it a year's subscription to TH E CRISIS. Subscription is $1.50 per year. AS A SPECIAL OFFER we will send a year's subscription free to anyone sending us A T ON E TIM E five paid up yearly subscriptions to THE CRISIS. This offer holds good until 31 December, 1921. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER DARKWATER OR 20th Century Uncle Tom's Cabin A human document of extraordinary intensity and insight, and dealing with the place of the darker races in the modern world. The book contains as a frontispiece a good picture of Dr. Du Bois. The book is selling like wild fire. Price only $2.00 postpaid. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. AGENTS WANTED. Send 60 cents for outfit. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., Book and Bible Publishers, Washington, D. C A SOCIAL HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO By Benjamin Brawley Author of " A Short History of the American Negro," etc. Here is the first formal attempt to review the life of the Negro people in connection with the life of the nation, It is a social and political estimate of the contribution which the Negro race can make to America. Professor Brawley writes earnestly and honestly of his people, and his book is valuable both from a historical standpoint and for a more complete understanding of the mind and mission of the Negro race. $4.00 Special Section on Liberia THE MACMILLAN COMPANY 64-66 Fifth Avenue New York YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The only establishment dedicated to collecting and distributing the history and literature of the African and his descendants. Books out of print a specialty. 135 WEST 135th STREET NEW YORK, N. Y. HERBERT C. MILLAR. M.A., B.S.. of Asbury Park, N. J., says: -THE SCIENTIFIC SIDE OF THE NEGRO PROBLEM, by HAROLD E. SIMMELKIAER, means a new Race leadership. It should be in every home." COPIES 25 CENTS GEO. R. JORDAN. Pub.. 219 E. 88th St., New York. N. Y. A MUM L T bETTER D«.»u»e 11 l» A CROWD SETTER Churches and Clubs looking for • play that will afford ar&gt; .tenths of Side Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention As entertainment III one act; full of wit tnd good humor. Scores of churches ha,e cleared from Ons to Two Hundred Dollars In One Night. PRICE 60. MISS NANNIE H BURROUGHS, Author r i p.f.i . H.loht* Washington O. STUDENTS! PUBLIC SPEAKERS! Literary Criticism and Revision for Writers and Speakers We also assist in the writing of material for Special Articles. Manuscripts. Theses. Sermons. Essays, Orations and One Act Plays. These are expertly prepared (typewritten) papers. Proficient, scholarly service. Address: John A. Martin, Secretary, ?220 Sixth St.. N. W. Washington. P. C. AGENTS WANTED For a high grade line of Calling Cards, Business Cards, Invitations. Social Stationery, etc Big demand everywhere. Liberal commissions. Prompt deliveries. Write for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING. INDIANAPOLIS. IND IMPROVE YOURSELF HELP OTHERS I Easy. pleasant, dignified work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 50c in stamps for membership, sup plies, etc. National Literary Association 1230 Tou Si N. W.. Wash., D. C Borrow Books by Mail Any published—from the Universal Library 224 Tremont St., Boston, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COLORED GRADUATE NURSES and BUREAU OF INFORMATION For Colored Graduate Nurses Central Headquarters 317 West 138th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Audubon 5602 MME. G. B. NEEDLES FINE FURS FUR GARMENTS MADE TO ORDER Remodeling, Repairing, Redyelng 2202 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 7590 Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FARMS IN MICHIGAN Make Ideal Homes Where You Will Enjoy Splendid Schools No Segregation No Lynching Good Roads Civil and Political Rights Peace and Plenty MICHIGAN WANTS YOU W e have Ten Thousand Acres of excellent, new, hardwood, farming lands for sale at from TEN to FIFTEEN DOLLARS PER ACRE in parcels of forty acres or more. Eighty acres make an ideal Farm Home. These lands will be allotted to applicants in the order they are received. All land guaranteed as represented. Peaches, pears, plums, apples, berries and small fruits, melons and all kinds of garden produce are raised abundantly. Fowl, pigs, sheep and livestock thrive. For further information apply to: MICHIGAN LAND &amp; HOMESTEAD CO. 325 Broadway Market Building DETROIT -- MICHIGAN Fill out and mail this blank today. Michigan Land &amp; Homestead Co., 326 Broadway Market Bids., Detroit, Mich. Gentlemen: Please send to my address full particulars about your Michigan Farming Lands proposition. It Is understood that I Incur no liability in making this application. Name P. 0. Address State HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L. S. REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY Telephone 348 HOTEL MARY ELIZABETH (A New Hotel) W. B. SAWYER. Proprietor Nearest colored Hotel to Business center of Miami PRICES REASONABLE SPECIAL RATES TO HOTEL MEN Will be opened Nov. 1st, 1921 Cor. 7th St., N.W. 2nd Ave. MIAMI, FLA. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. 641 W . 9th St. Cincinnati. Ohio Service Engineering and Construction Company HERMA N E. PERRY, W . P. TERRELL , President Vice President and Chief Engineer Architects Engineers Constructors Residences, churches, office and school buildings, industrial plants 180 Auburn Avenue ATLANTA, GA. Mention T HE C RISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ENROLL NOW! DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL ONLY SCHOOL OF ITS KIND SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING. SAVE TIME AND MONEY DORMITORIES. $2.50 PER WEEK BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM M. J. DERRICK, Principal and Manager ___ _ Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Business Law THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. (Started 20 years ago) The Oldest and Best Equipped Business School in South Philadelphia. Real Estate, Business Organizations and Financing—Graduates Making the Highest Averages Are Placed in Businesses Organized By the School. It is th3 Popular School of Business Efficiency. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President. LEARN TO TYPEWRITE W e teach you by mail how to use a typewriter without looking at the keys. Only io Easy Lessons. Diplomas Awarded. IMPERIAL CORRE SPONDENCE SCHOOL, Box 3173 Washington, D. C. DO YOU LIKE Do you like to draw? Unlimited Opportunities lor men and UJomen Become a Commercial Artisl An Uncrowded Profession Mike Illustrations tot Advermiou BIG FIELD GOOD PAi Tuition Reasomblr For information, u-rile at once to THE KEYSTONE SCHOOL OF COMMERCIAL ART f o»nt-sfo-.i&gt;[vct OOMM «*j'N SfVMtllj S.r«t Phtlidelphti. Water's Mechanical Evening School Courses of instruction Automobile Construction Automobile Driving Mechanical Drawing Mechanical Mathematics JOHN F. WATERS, Principal 739 Bainbridge St., Philadelphia, Pa. LINCOLN MOTION PICTURE CO. Est. 1916. Capitalized $75,000 $50,000 common, $25,000 &amp;% preferred. Oldest Film Corporation in the World Producing Negro Photo-plays. 1121 CENTRAL AVE., LOS ANGELES Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artittic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 156 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St Marks M. E Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching, Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. Itadlo: tSO W. 138th It., New York, X. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. Refined young woman alone in the world would like to make her home with a refined elderly couple where interest would be exchanged. References as to character. Address P. O. Box 147, Johnstown, Pa. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN A TTOSNIY AND C OUNIXLLOI-AT -L AW •4 School Street Boston, Mass. SWEATER FREE Fine Serge Pants iflKSJp BARGAIN JElL 7A°L°UE NOW $09§ i If &gt;«-&gt; h KWFATF.K i Postage fmKm Paid m OHHH SEND NO MONEY Here is one of the biggest values offered to readers of this paper. Will send this splendid pair of serge panta and with it this fine Bweater FREE--without asking for one cent with the order. PANTS are made of extra quality blue 1 serge, well tailored In every way. Extra heavy pocketing, all seams serged, no raw edges, bar tacking, strong belt straps. Waist 30 to 44, inside seam length 30 to 36 inches. Be sure to give inseam length. SWEATER we give free Is made in the popular Shaker Knit, of commercial wool yarn, V-neck style. COLOR—Khaki. SIZES—36 to 46. GET A SWEATER FREE Just send your name and address, giving sizes wanted. We'll send both pants and sweater by parcel I post prepaid. You pay mailman when delivered. Your money back if not pleased. Here Is positively a big $7.00 value for only $3.98. Send — 1 NOW as the number of SSf.S, No 191 C55. free sweaters U limited. HOWARD LUX CO.. DEPT. 191 CLEVELAND. 0. | Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	4;! CONSTELLATION FILM CORPORATION 28 West 44th Street, New York, N. Y. OFFERS $200,000 CLASS A STOCK Registrar	 Transfer Agent HARRIMAN NATIONAL BANK CENTRAL NATIONAL CORPORATION New W k New York Authorized Class A Stock par value $10 per share; To be Outstanding $200,000 Participating and Preferred as to dividends up $100,000 to 10'&lt; , full-paid and non-assessable. OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS President 	Vice-President Vice-President MADISON COREY CHARLES W. ANDERSON ROBERT J. RAYSON Formerly General Manager, Former Collector Internal Edw. G. \Y. Ferguson &amp; Co Henry W. Savage Enterprises. Revenue, New York City. Inc., New York City. Director REV. DR. W. W. BROWN Secretary &amp; Treasurer Pastor, Metropolitan Baptist Director EDW. G, W. FERGUSON Church, New York JAMES F. ADAIR Pres., Edw. G. W. Ferguson Director District Grand Secretary &amp; Co., Inc., Pres. Central EDW. STAATS LUTHER Grand United Order of Odd National Corporation. Fellows in America Political Editor The Morning Telegraph An enterprise, devoted to the utilization of the racial talent, unprejudiced, free from propaganda, giving the fullest possible outlet to the literature of the Negro race, to its elevation and the picturization of its brightest side. The following is quoted in full from a letter by Mr. Charles W. Anderson, ex-collector of Internal Revenut-, New York City, who is a Vice President The following is quoted in full from and Director of Constellation Film The following is quoted in full from a letter by Reverend Dr. W. W. Brown, Corporation: a letter by .lames F, Adair. District Pastor of Metropolitan Baptist Church, Edw. G. W, Ferguson &amp; Company, Inc. GRAND Secretary, Grand UNITED Order New York, a Director of the Company. New York. X. Y. of Odd Fellows in America: Edw. G. W. Ferguson &amp; Company. Inc. Dear Sirs: Edw. G. W. Ferguson &amp; Company, Inc. New York, N. Y. In response to your request, I am New York. N, Y. glad to give you my op.nion of ConGentlemen: stellation Film Corporation. In join ng the Constellation Film Gentlemen: There is a decided field and need Corporation organization I did so with for a concern that can and will supAs a Director of Constellation Film ply the Negro with motion pictures in  no a full realization of Its importance to Corporation, I have hesitancy in our people. The race should ha v it* which his own people play the parts— asserting that the enterprise is worthy pictures that are clean, inspiring, unof the fullest support of the Colored own picture producing unit, it should hare inspiring, clean, up-to-date proprejudiced and t hat depict life as it Race, since its work will be elevating, is and the Negro In his true chareducational, and will materially adductions in which our own performers acter, a patriotic man and worthyavance our people and their interest. display their talents and it should have citizen. an outlet for Its own constantly in creasing literature. 	The Class A security, having a I believe the (lass A Stock of the preferential claim on earningsp to uCompany to BP an exceedingly good The News Service will likewise be of 10&lt;7 should be a highly profitable r END high YIELDING investment and that the greatest importance. Investment. the Company will be honestly and effi I therefore have no hesitancy in The enterprise is worthy of the fullciently managed. recommend1!!'* the enterprise to the est support and will have my entire sympathy and co-operation. fullest extent. 	Very truly yours, Very trulv yours. As an Officer and Director of the James F. Adair. Rev. Dr. W, W. Brown. 	Corporation. I will see to it that the enterprise is efficiently and honestly managed, and that its ideals are maintained. Vcrv truly yours, Charles W. Anderson. THE CLASS A STOCK of Constellation Film Corporation is entitled to earn 10"f in dividends in each year. Hi ,i  Stock, par value $10.00 per share, is offered at par, $10,00 per share. C ass A The allotment offered for sale is limited to $100,000. USE THIS COUPON Eupene Davidson &amp; Co. Edw. G. W. Ferguson &amp; Co. Inc. Offered and Recommended by 2354 Seventh Ave.. 28 West 44th St., New York, N. Y. New York, N. Y. I enclose	 Dollars in payment for. shares of Class A Stock of Constellation Film Corporation. Name . Address City . .. Mention T HE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Recent Recordings of Black Swan Records ALL MADE BY COLORED PEOPLE HIGH CLASS 2012 J WITH THE COMING OF TOMORROW Revella A. Hughes 85c (A H WONDROUS MORN Soprano 2009 j MORNING Harry A. Delmore 86c (MACHUSHLA Tenor 2015 S SORTER MISS YOU Marianna Johnson 85c I THE ROSAKY Contralto 2013 ( SINCE YOU WENT AWAY J- Arthur Gaines 85c (WHO KNOWS Tenor DANCE NUMBERS 2026 ) GYPSY BLUES (From Shuffle Along) Henderson's Novelty 85c ( SWEET LADY Orchestra 2014 j PRETTY WAYS Black Swan Dance 85c (THERE AIN'T NO NOTHING Orchestra 2004 ( MY MAMMY Black Swan Dance 86c ( BRIGHT EYES Orchestra MALE QUARTETTE 2016 ) AIN'T IT A SHAME The Four Harmony Kings 86c ( GOODNIGHT ANGELI"E of "Shuffle Along" BLUES 2010 ( DOWN HOME BLUES Ethel Waters 85c (OH DADDY and the Jazz Masters 2021 i THERE'LL BE SOME CHANGES MADE Ethel Waters 85c (ONE MAN NAN and the Jazz Masters 2018 ( WHEN IT'S TOO LATE Katie Crippen 85c (MY CUP BLUES Singer of Blind Man Blues 2008 ( HOW LONG SWEET DADDY BLUES Alberta Hunter 85c (BRING BACK THE JOYS Chicago, 111. 2017 (A LITTLE KIND TREATMENT Georgia Gorham, 85c ( BROADWAY BLUES Montgomery, Ala. No Matter what kind of records you have been buying, you will find BLACK SWAN RECORDS, made by a Colored Company, sung by Colored People, the equal of any record made, barring none. Buy one and you will buy them regularly. MADE BY PACE PHONOGRAPH CORPORATION 257 W. 138th Street New York, N. Y. AGENTS WANTED IN EVERY COMMUNITY THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 45 NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE Combined with SHORT STORIES FOR COLORED PEOPLE ETIQUETTE PART i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at tke Theatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls, Parties, Weddings, Dinners, etc., etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Stories for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. By the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery 6tories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Hen Stories for Father, Mother or the Children. Funny Stones; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must be finished before laving aside the book. Handsomely illustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. A Book you will want—Must have in your home—A most excellent gift Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken from best photographs. A BIG BOOK, containing over 400 pages. The people are much pleased with this new publication and are sending thousands of orders to us. Order today. We send by insured parcel post; return your money if not perfectly satisfied. Price ONLY $2.50. Write today. Illustrating Table Manners Agents Wanted We are looking for iooo hustlers, men and women. Our offer will pay you positively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made $21 the first day. Such an opportunity comes but once in a lifetime. AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen pages and the pictures and covers of book will be mailed to you for 25 cents. It represents exactly the complete book. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-day. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. ^i&amp;^lTZ Send for free catalog of 160 books Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MADE. TO YOURORDER pants $1.95 NO EXTRA Postage Prepaid CHARGES • W E MAKE this special bend nO offer for 30 days, to 0 rove AlOllCV p  the wonderful value, style and FIt of Progress tailoring. W E will tailor to your special order, a pair of these stylish $6.00 pants, send them to you postage prepaid and guarantee TWO years' solid WEAR or money back for only $1 .95. Agents Wanted-^3.™ EVER Y WEEK , TAKING ORDERS FROM YOUR FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS FOR OUR HIGH CLASS TAILORING. N O EXPERIENCE NECESSARY. Big Sample Outfit FREE DROP US A LINE TODAY AND WE WILL SEND YOU ABSOLUTELY FREE OUR BIG ASSORTMENT OF WOOLEN SAMPLES, STYLE BOOK AND SPECIAL WHOLESALE PRICES ON OUR MADE-TO-MEASURE SUITS—$12.45 UP AND MADE-TOMEASURE PANTS—$1.95 UP. FULL DETAILS OF THIS OFFER SENT free. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO., dept. L-17 CHICAGO, 111. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER GOING FAST! ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT ORCHARDVILLE LOTS at $29-59 eac h $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH This offer is meeting with GREA T The location of Orchardville is ideal SUCCESS. People from AL L and everybody who has been there so far has expressed himself or herself as OVER THE COUNTRY are tak being HIGHLY PLEASED with every ing advantage of it, and the demand thing. That is why the demand for the for the lots is INCREASING BY lots is increasing so fast. LEAPS AN D BOUNDS. This offer should receive your careful The lots are size 30 x 144 feet each and consideration because it may be just have plenty of room for a house, gar what you have been looking for. You den, chicken yard, etc., besides a few can get all the details by simply writing fruit trees which can be planted later your name and address plainly on the on. Each lot is sold under a MONE Y coupon below and sending it to us BACK GUARANTEE and the title to RIGHT AWAY. We will then send the property is ABSOLUTEL Y 	you booklets telling you all about it. MAIL THE COUPON TODAY. CLEAR. ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 19 S. La Salle Street 	CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REALTY DEV'PT CORP. Date. .19*.. CHICAGO, ILL. Gentlemen:.— _. . . _ , . . . I would like to receive all the detail! regardlnt your new lot offer, without any obligation on my part. Name .Town and State. Address CRI-N-O-11-21 Mention THE CRISIS. 48 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OUR LATEST CATALOG WILL BE MAILED TO YOU UPON REQUEST We are positively the only Manufacturers of HUMAN HAIR GOODS who specialize and cater direct to the Colored People. Our Wigs, Switches, Transformations, Bobs and Braids are strictly hand made—of the finest qualities of real Human Hair Goods and manufactured under the supervision of MME . BAUM , by the most skillful artists in the 0 trade. s o Try Mme. Baum"s Celebrated Scalp and Face Preparations which are made M &lt; of the finest ingredients and are the most satisfying to the person using n H t-them. &lt; 1 it o 	Mme. Baum'i Bob v. gives the appear, w ante of wearing the hair bobbed, but t- makes cutting un K necessary. Mad e i 	of strictly Supreme Quality human hair, with natural waves, sawed on Velvet Ribbon, fitted with three tuak Combs to hold aecuro. lb all shades. Prlee. 15.50. Agents Wanted In Every Town and Locality. GOOD PAY Catalog Free THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N. Central Dept. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA BLUETS CORN AND WART REMEDY puts new life in your feet. Write for free sample bottle. Also wholesale price. Regular price, single bottles. $.25. Write to-day. Blue's Corn Remedy Co. 1323 N. Mervine St.. Philadelphia, Pa. ii O We carry the largest selection of Hair• dressers' Tools and Accessories. &gt; o e o MME. BAUM'S r &gt; MAIL ORDER HOUSE 80 Our Factory is Located at FOURTH AVE. NEW YORK, N. Y. Whan writing, mention this paper. COSMOS LABORATORY Manufacturing Chemist Consultation and Research, Specialist in Perfumery and Toilet preparations. Let me solve your problems, perfect your formulas, or furnish you with any formula. Analysis made. Fees are reasonable for practical and reliable advice. Address C. D. Campbell, Analytical Chemist, P. 0. Box 204, Dept. B., Newport, Rhode Island WANTED AT ONCE Few live agents! Hustlers! To sell excellent new line; Cold Creams, Perfumes, Toilet Waters, Hair Growers, Oils and Pomades. Fine chance for College Students, spare time work, 100't profits. Address Chemical Cosmetic Co., Dept. C, Box 204, Newport, R. I. Send 2c stamp for agent's confidential price-list. We'll Give You a Doll A 13-inch Kewpie Doll—unhreakahle. fine finish, pretty expression, silk costume, natural hair and veil. Stands alone. Children everywhere "tickled to death" with it. Sell one dozen QUINO face powder. The doll is yours FREE. No money required. Write QUINO, Dipt. D, Nashville, Tenn. INDOOR TOILET Shipped on approval. Write for remark able rock-bottom factory offer on the famous and genuine COMFORT Indoor Toilet, Save one-third now Highest (Trade; gray enam eled: absolutely odorless. Chemicals consume contents and germs. Easily cleaned. AGENTS: &amp;ritS *5 I*™8^•?£IaBi'8 territory. IWHI v. Wonderful opportunity to coin money. ROBINSON HOUSEHOLD MFQ. CO. 732 Factorial Bldq. Tolado, Ohio Mention T HE C RISIS. 111 """" " "" "H" " 'IMlUllMIIIUIlMDUUIIUUUlUlllUIIUUIIUUUIMIUlliUlllllllUll A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two COLORED WOMEN WITH THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES. (Hunton and Johnson) $2.50 TH E HEART OF A WOMA N AND OTHER POEMS. (Georgia Douglas Johnson) 1.25 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE SOUL OF JOHN BROWN. (Stephen Graham) 2.00 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 THE CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE. (James F. Morton) 25 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 2.00 THE NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 2.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.20 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 MY LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 U NSUNG HEROES. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes) 2.50 THE SHADOW. (Mary White Ovington) 2.00 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 2.00 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 THE VOICE OF THE NEGRO. (Robert T. Kerlin) 2.50 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. 'George W. Ellis) 3.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 90 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 THE NEGRO FACES AMERICA. (Herbert J. Seligmann) 1.75 DARKWATER. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.50 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. KrehbieD 2.00 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address: THE CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y Beautiful white teeth MADAM C. J. WALKER'S ANTISEPTIC DENTAL CREAM IS THE SECRET s and a slimy film are the great contriutions to decay. Your Dentist will tell you that * is not enough to merely clean the teeth and ordinary dentrifices will not preserve them from decay. Madam C.J.Walker's tiseptic Dental Cream keeps the j saliva alkaline, which counteracts acid-mouth, prevents^ slimy film, the formalicious, tion of tarter and purifies the effective germicide breath. and mouth wash for Cleansing, Polishing and Pre serving the teeth. of Agents and at Drug Stores. ^^(^M Or. 6-4-0 NORTH WEST STREET INDIANAPOLIS,lND.t U.S.A. Makers of Mme. C J. Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower.