Others , made Others THE OLD EXPRESSIONS ARE WITH US ALWAYS AND THERE ARE ALWAYS OTHERS January 1919 - - - - - 20c. a Copy TWO DOLLARS A YEAR ## Others for January 1919 Poems by — LONG. LINDSAY, JOHNSON, BEEBE, RIDGE, SAPHIER, KREYMBORG, SEIFFERT; Prose by — R. A. SANBORN; Art by — HALPERT, DEMUTH, PRENDERGAST, W. ZORACH; Courtesy of The Daniel Gallery Cover by — MARGUERITE ZORACH; Back Cover, WILLIAM ZORACH. VOL V. Copyright 1919 by Alfred Kreymborg No. 2 Editor, Alfred Kreymborg Associate Editors Lola Ridge, William Saphier, Dorothy Kreymborg Art Editor, William Zorach Headquarters: New York, The Washington Sq. Bookshop, 17 W. 8th St. Chicago, The Radical Book Shop, 867 N. Clark Street ## Samuel Halpert INTERIOR ## William Zorach SAILING ## OTHERS HANIEL LONG Page 1 NUDES The Urchin The garlanded Silenus of the dark fountain spouts water over a tiny bronze boy, who averts his head, patiently. And now the tiny bronze boy has had enough, it seems; he detaches himself from the marble, walks diminutively into the bushes, resumes his little clothes. Domine, Probasti On the beach at night, ceremonially nude, he reaches his hands up to the stars— For a life to live to the full, take a mortal's thanks"— in the still of the night, in the swish of the waves. Grotesques I Two hundred small boys, splashing, wiggling together: exceeding disquiet of limbs, astounding impression of slender octopi, frantic. ## Page 2 HANIEL LONG OTHERS II The Duchess and I regarded you motionless, by the rhododendron. She said, "White bodies are too daring; only brown races should do that sort of thing." Said I, "Duchess, that is a marble statue!" She looked again through her lorgnette. Then, idiot, you whooped, and leapt to the fountain. III She shrieks in an agony of mirth, rolling down the earth lengthwise, turning over and over. If they knew this in Richmond, great and loud would be the outcry; but the gods and goddesses of far Olympos do the thing they think of first and are happy. IV They hang him, and quarter him His legs they nail over the east gate, his torso over the north; and over the west and the south his head and his arms. But he derides them more than ever, does Dionysos, and they know it. ## OTHERS HANIEL LONG Page 3 The Diver His arms are straight, his palms touchy his fingers point: then a black arrow flashes across the moon-disc. A Dawn Figure Her limbs are hard and slender; she leaves soft things for others. With her hair streaming she runs through orchards, just to be running somewhere in the dawn. Summer Afternoon He lies outstretched on the grass. White on the bosom of a distant hill a field of buckwheat keeps him company, while silver leaves above his head dream against the sun. Girl-Swimmers I Cynthia emerges from a mist, floats like a wraith from the pines, one with everything elusive, unrevealed. II Afraid of poison ivy, Conort comes down to the lake a shaft of sunlight in top boots. ## Page 4 HANIEL LONG OTHERS In The Pines Pine needles to his bare feet are softer than the clouds of Persia; and his bucket there among the pines fairer than marble ewers in the baths of Caracalla. The Cross He comes down from the shore. His arms are wide, like a cross, and the water covers his knee bones, covers the dark hair at his middle, covers his waist. When it reaches his level arms, he pauses, bird-like on the liquid air. To Sculptors Man-shapes, woman-shapes, standing on tip-toe with expanded bosoms: they move lightly over the earth, they leave the earth and move above it, circling among the stars. Sculptors, carve them ever so— the only shape of all formed to ascend forever. ## OTHERS VACHEL LINDSAY Page 5 THE DANIEL JAZZ (Dedicated to Isadora Bennett) Darius the Mede was a king and a wonder. His eye was proud and his voice was thunder. He kept bad lions in a monstrous den. He fed up the lions on Christian men. Beginning with a strain of Dixie He stirred up the jazz in the palace band. Daniel was the chief hired man of the land. He whitewashed the cellar. He shovelled in the coal. And Daniel kept a praying:— "Lord save my soul." With a touch of Alexander's Ragtime Band Daniel was the butler, swagger and swell. He ran up-stairs. He answered the bell. And he would let in whoever came a-calling: — Saints so holy, sinners so appalling. "Old man Ahab leaves his card. Elisha and the bears are a-waiting in the yard. Here comes Pharo and his snakes a-calling. Here comes Cain and his wife a-calling— Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego for tea. Here comes Jonah and the whale and the sea. Here comes St. Peter and his fishing-pole. Here comes Judas and his silver a-calling. Here comes old Beelzebub a-calling." And Daniel kept a praying:— "Lord save my soul." His sweetheart and his mother were Christian and meek. And they washed and ironed for Darius every week. ## Page 6 VACHEL LINDSAY OTHERS One Thursday he met them at the door:— Paid them as usual, but acted sore. He said:— "Your boy is a dead little pigeon. He's a good hard worker, but he talks religion." And he showed them Daniel in the lions' cage, Daniel standing quietly, the lions in a rage. His good old mother cried:— "Lord save him." And Daniel's sweetheart cried:— "Lord save him." And she was a golden lily in the dew, And she was as sweet as an apple on the tree, And she was as fine as a melon in the cornfield, Gliding and lovely as a ship on the sea. She prayed to the Lord:— "Send Gabriel. Send Gabriel." King Darius said to the lions:— "Bite Daniel. Bite Daniel. Bite him. Bite him. Bite him." Thus roared the lions:— "We want Daniel, Daniel, Daniel, We want Daniel, Daniel, Daniel. Grrrrrrr G rrrrrrr" Let the audience join in, repeating ad infinitum, ## OTHERS VACHEL LINDSAY Page 7 And Daniel did not frown, Daniel did not cry. He kept on looking at the sky. And the Lord said to Gabriel:— "Go chain the lions down, Go chain the lions down, Go chain the lions down, Go chain the lions down." Repeat ad infinitum, or at least, ten minutes, to the old negro tune about "Chain the lions down," the audience joining in. ## Page 8 FENTON JOHNSON OTHERS TIRED I am tired of work; I am tired of building up somebody else's civilization. Let us take a rest, M'Lissy Jane. I will go down to the Last Chance Saloon, drink a gallon or two of gin, shoot a game or two of dice and sleep the rest of the night on one of Mike's barrels. You will let the old shanty go to rot, the white people's clothes turn to dust, and the Calvary Baptist Church sink to the bottomless pit. You will spend your days forgetting you married me and your nights hunting the warm gin Mike serves the ladies in the rear of the Last Chance Saloon. Throw the children into the river; civilization has given us too many. It is better to die than it is to grow up and find out that you are colored. Pluck the stars out of the heavens. The stars mark our destiny. The stars marked my destiny. I am tired of civilization. ## OTHERS FRANCES BEEBE Page 9 THE WIFE I have tried so hard to be some one else— whom you know, you know! My soul, like a half wit, is playing, aimlessly, in the sun. That kiss— you know the one — that kiss under the laurel— stole her birthright. And now, I must try so hard to be some one else. UNCLOTHED Your soul met mine on a windy branch the time we died. "Good lack, what a night!" you whined at me. I always thought your soul had black hair, a bit curled, ## Page 10 FRANCES BEEBE OTHERS and lovable gray eyes, and arms, stout, caressing, like an oak. The truth of the matter is: it was skinny with nothing much at all to recommend it. AFTER LIFE I'm dead, and all that, but— I just had a most hateful experience. The undertaker's assistant (I never liked her anyhow) in fixing me for the coffin, did my hair low over my forehead— you know how like a jay that makes me look— and crossed the hand with the birthmark on it over the other— the cat! ## OTHERS FRANCES BEEBE Page 11 DEATH Life oozing out of eyes, ears, nose, mouth. My insides collapsing like an air bubble, pricked by the inquisitive pin of a boy. Whirlings on a vari-colored circle, with half-remembered cities, and vague faces. The dot that is my mind trying to focus on your name. ## Page 12 LOLA RIDGE OTHERS DOROTHY There are tawny sunsets in your eyes, And deserts and a sleek wind Sifting the yellow sand. . . Vexatious bubbles break upon our lips And our souls, fretted, throw off a light foam. But when I look at you I am aware of spaces and a glittering peace. Come— On the mesa there must be a shadowed place. . . You will bring me dreams in gourds While I rest as under a palm. ## OTHERS WILLIAM SAPHIER Page 13 THE NIGHT SHIFT They are like pick axes, they never argue, and never smile. They tramp through the darkness to work. They tramp through the darkness home to sleep. They are like pick axes, and with solemn faces go through glass and iron and through cement. With their hard hands they kill the night. They are like pick axes, they never worry, and never think, is it wrong. If it is, they will make a good job of it. They move like fate and each hides a scar, somewhere in the night, and tells the world to go to hell. ## Page 14 ALFRED KREYMBORG OTHERS CARBON-DIOXIDE O master Americans, so supreme over this and all ages in lawfully bridging the chasm between any two sums with the process, indigenous and doubly divine, of addition, subtraction, multiplication, division— I ask you, how is it, that the tiddle-diddle-doo breathed into yonder flute by the trained carbon-dioxide of yonder wandering tatterdemalion— how is it that, whereas you sanction the barter of hens for gold, pigs for gold, ducks for gold, by tossing your clinkety-clink to the merest squawk-squawk, oint-oint, quack-quack that this tiddle-diddle-doo, while it dosen't say in words audible to the ear or legible to the eye— 'will you drop me a penny for beauty?'— how is it, I say, that that huckster of the flute, who needs but an addition of oxygen equal to a subtraction of carbon-dioxide, lest he fall and beauty fall with him, is thin as a worm and white as a shell?— have you no process for pleasure, or is pleasure unlawful among you? ## OTHERS MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT Page 15 LOVES POEMS IN AUTUMN I. The Arrival Shining highways Sing to your step, Windows beckon, Doorways open a square embrace. Doors laugh gently Swinging together Behind you. II. There's A Guest There's a flag on my tower, And my windows Are orange to the night. They are set in grey stone that frowns At the black wind. Inside, there's a guest at my hearth, And a fire Painting the grey stone gold. My windows are black With the hungry night peering through them. Blackness lurks in corners, Wind snatches the sparks, Tongs and poker jangle together Like the iron bones Of a man that was hanged. ## Page 16 MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT OTHERS III. They Who Dance The feet of dancers Shine with laughter, Their hearts are vibrant as bells; The air flows by them Divided, like water Before a gleaming ship. Triumphantly their bodies sing, Their eyes Are blind with music. They move through threatening ghosts, Feeling them cool as mist Against their brows. They who dance Find infinite golden floors Beneath their feet. IV. Pianissimo I took Night Into my arms, Night lay upon my breast. If Night had wings She would have brought me Stars for my hair. The stars laughed Lightly From far away— ## OTHERS MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT Page 17 About my shoulders White mist curled. V. Portrait By Zuloaga Death lies in wait For those who do not know What they desire, And Hell for those who fear What they have taken. These hands are wrinkled From stretching forth, Brown From the winds Blowing upon them. They are strong with seizing. They do not tremble. VI. Gestures Let there be dancing figures On our wine-flask. Swastikas on our rug, Inscriptions in our rings And on our dwelling. Let us build ritual For our worship, Pledge our love With vows and holy promises. If we break oaths Let it be darkly ## Page 18 MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT OTHERS With threatening gestures. Thus we ignore That we love and die Like insects. VII. Veils I shall punish your blindness With a veil. I shall choose words that join Gaily, word to word, I shall weave them flauntingly Into veil upon veil, I shall wind them defiantly Over my lips, over my eyes. You shall not see your name On my lips, You shall not see your image In my eyes! And through my veils I shall not see That you are blind. VIII. Freedom I would be free From two old superstitions, Thanks and Forgiveness. So I would think of you As Flame, ## OTHERS MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT Page 19 As Wind, As Night, To whom I have been Wind, And Flame, And Night. . . Together burned and swept, Now drowned In separate darkness. IX. Mud I am dazed and weary From the shapelessness Of what I am— I am poured Among haphazard stones In meaningless patterns. Yesterday's sun dried me Between rounded cobbles, To-day's deluge sweeps me Toward alien pavements, To-morrow's sun shall dry me In a new design. Better the turbid gutter Toward the open sea! ## Page 20 MARJORIE ALLEN SEIFFERT OTHERS X. Fools Say— November's breath Is black in the branches of trees And under the bushes; Harsh rain Whips down the rustling branch Of leaves. There is smoke In the throat of the wind. Its teeth Bite away beauty. Let fools say: "Spring Will come again I"## OTHERS       ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Page 21 ALLEYS Evening is the time to look for alleys and a wet evening is better than a dry one. They are not vulnerable by daylight, their tails are not visible, the best of salt would be useless. They are like a certain bug I know by sight, when touched with the finger of daybreak they curve into a hard grey sphere like a seed of themselves, with differentiation perfectly concealed . I can love a street as 1 love a dog. Coming from the stillness of a room or the papery accumulations of an office, I delight in the doggy collisions of other people, the murmurous champing of feet on stone. The street leaps upon me, breast-high, rampant, its greedy eyes lick at my face, I feel its heavy paws upon my body. But when night falls and the dog-like street curls down on the hearthstone of the setting sun, I look about for the cat. And apart from the quivering sleep of the street, in the privacy of a darkened corner, I find the small shadowy hush of an alley. Then I need no salt to catch my alley, my fingers are not rude with daylight, they are suede-gloved with shadow. I can pick the alley up in my hands, it is limp and drowsy and unsuspecting. I can lay it down in a cushioned nook of memory, and still it lies. Perhaps at the bottom of the alley is the face of a house, white as sand in the light of a single gas-lamp, and on the house is a green door like a pebble on the sand, and on the brick walls of the alley are dull gleams, ## Page 22 ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN OTHERS tinged red, and patterns of mossy shadow that change. If a figure wavers up the alley like a reflection in stagnant water, it belongs there always, and goes where the alley goes, with me. Sometimes the lone light is like a weary eye, warmed and rested by a lamp, turned low. Its slow rays rest upon the bricks or stone cobbles tenderly, a mother could not shed her love more gently on a sleeping child. There should never be more than one light in an alley. If there are more, each one should be lonely and dim. There may be a few lighted windows, like square orange lilies lying on the surface of the shadow. If there is too much light it is not a perfect alley, nor a useful street, but something to pass without interruption. Lights must not intrude on this essential, that a true alley is an interval between uneasy facts, when you look within it you feel that you must pause and be still. Thus you may know it. When the lights are out, the alley has gone to bed, with the sun. Drays may bump upon the cobbles, voices stab and scrape, during the day the alley will not wake. Its feline nature crouches under the rain of blatant use, and remains the feline nature. Trees may become allied, but they are best on the further side of a wall. Then let the branches fringe the sandstone cap and paint leafy patterns on the bricks which the wind blurs foolishly. Let the gas-lamp blosom amongst the leaves.   That is acceptable. Poke about with your eyes amongst the alley things, ## OTHERS       ROBERT ALDEN SANBORN Page 23 if you like. The alley is pleased with that. But be gentle. If the alley stirs it is but to know how sweet to taste is the glutinous broth of sleep, and to carry the taste slowly away into forgetfulness. Finger the front of that tumbled old shop, caress the blackened window frames, dabble in the soot of that overhead shadow. Dirt and grime are lovely as dusk, the smell of must and mud is of flower sweetness. Do you think so? Do you know and love your alley? If the still waters are too far for me to be led by them, I will pray beside the stillness of an alley. I have no fear in chat valley of shadow. NOTES AND ANNOUNCEMENTS This issue of Others continues the prose department begun in the December issue and ushers in the promised art department. As regards space allotment, poetry still holds the lead. This isn't due to any preference in behalf of poetry. As the magazine grows in bulk—an early possibility with the increasing subscription list— art and prose—and with the February or March issue— the play—will of necessity find more pages at their disposal. Not that any arithmetic equality will ever prevail in Others. The feeling is simply that everything of individual quality, whether poem, play, prose or painting, should have an equal chance of coining out in the magazine. Any exhibit left out at this time is left out because of insufficient funds. Hence the preponderance of poetry in the present issue. ## Page 24 OTHERS The five art cuts are reproductions of the original paintings at The Daniel Gallery, 2 West 47th Street. As it has never been, and never will be the policy of Others to comment on its contributions, whether in praise or extenuation, suffice it to state that the five men represented are among the most prominent of the younger American painters. In this connection, quite apart from studio discussion or controversy, it is excusable for you to learn that Halpert's paintings Interior, has a definite romantic connotation, to wit: The interior shows two of the three rooms of the shack in Grantwood, N. J., occupied in the year 1913, by Messrs. Halpert, Ray and Kreymborg. The gentleman at the easel is Man Ray. It was in this shack that The Glebe—forerunner of Others—was born; and it was to this shack that a husky butcher parcel—a parcel wrapped in the tough paper used exclusively by butchers— came. The parcel was postmarked London, and it contained the mss. of the first Imagist Anthology—edited by Ezra Pound. A few strides away from this shack, stands another shack. In the summer of 1915, it was the birthplace of Others. ## Charles Demuth NEW ENGLAND HOUSES ## Charles Prendergast CREPUSCULE ## INDIVIDUAL- INSTRUCTION- IN MODERN-ART * BY * Wm * ZORACH CRITICISM * IN * PAINTING and DESIGN * APPLIED* TO DECORATION * EMBROIDERY * HOOKED RUGS * BATIK STUDENTS Will WORK AT HOME * CRITICISM ONCE EACH WEEK BY APPOINTMENT THE AIM OF THE METHOD IS TO ENCOURAGE INDIVIDUALITY OF EXPRESSION - THE FEE IS $10.00 EACH MONTH * OR $5.00 FOR INDIVIDUAL LESSONS - PAYABLE IN ADVANCE "" NO REIMBURSEMENT FOR FAILURE TO KEEP APPOINTMENTS * STUDI0 ' I23 ' W * 10th St. ## The Practical Press 7 East 14 th Street, N. Y.##