The Freewoman , made THE FREEWOMAN A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 20. Vol. I. THURSDAY, APRIL 4, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS The Emancipation of Man 381 Topics of the Week : The Rejection of the Conciliation Bill. By George Lansbury 383 The Conquest of the Heart. By Charles J. Whitby, M.D. 385 Co-operative Housekeeping and the Domestic Worker. By Alice Melvin 386 The Matador of the Five Towns. By Rebecca West 387 Family Affection. By Winifred Hindshaw 388 Genius and Decadence. By Selwyn Weston 390 A Y.W.C.A. Home. By A Y.W.C.A. Boarder 391 Distant and Random Shots. By E. H. Visiak 392 Sir Almroth Wright on Militant Hysteria 392 Love Eternal. By Regina Miriam Bloch 394 Correspondence : The Servile State 395 Sex-Equality and the Conciliation Bill 395 Endowment of Motherhood 396 The Remedy? 396 Wellsian Prototypes of Freewomen 397 A Reply 398 Women in " Mixed " Trade Unions 398 On the Loose Principle 39g Our Great Solemnity 399 The Single-Tax Again 399 THE EMANCIPATION OF MAN. ONE can very reasonably feel compunctions about the men of England in their quarrel with their women-kind. In every quarrel so much depends upon the presence and working condition of the safety-valve, and in this quarrel the safety-valve has unhappily been plugged. There has been no actual occasion for the " row " between the sexes, in which all those slumbering feelings which develop into thoughts only at the time of emotional crises could have found utterance. The reason is not too far to seek. The old order of woman in England remained too long, and the new order arrived too soon to give Englishmen the opportunity of making their ideas concerning women clear in plain speech. They could not tell the newcomers what they thought of them for fear of upsetting the traditions of polite speaking to which the older order was accustomed. With a Queen on the throne, with the clinging Victorians hanging about them, the air thick with romanticism, with Mr. Gladstone doing up Mrs. Gladstone's household arithmetic to the delight of a domesticated nation, with Tennyson solving feminism according to " The Princess," how could Englishmen find the face to tell the small handful of women fighting for the higher education of their sex what they thought was their true station in the scheme of things? How could they tell the delicate, lovely, drooping women that they were lunatics twelve times a year, as was amiably suggested some time ago in the House of Commons, and as Sir Almroth Wright with praiseworthy courage puts it to-day? Unlike the German, for instance, the Englishman missed his opportunity of confessing his soul. The German, in Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and Weininger, is prepared beforehand for any uprising of German women, coming as it does more than a generation behind ours. Has anyone in England dared to speak such views as Weininger here bespeaks, far as we have gone towards being submerged in the rising sea of feminism? In " Sex and Character " Weininger says:— " The abstract male is the image of God, the absolute something ; the female and the female element in the male, is the symbol of nothing; that is the significance of the woman in the universe, and in this way male and female complete and condition one another. Woman has a meaning and a function in the universe as the opposite of man. . . . What there stand in opposition are unlimited existence and unlimited negation. And so male and female make up humanity. The meaning of woman is to be meaningless. She represents negation, the opposite pole from the Godhead, the other possibility of humanity. And so nothing is as despicable as a man become female, and such a person will be regarded as the supreme criminal, even by himself. And so also is to be explained the deepest fear of man—the fear of the woman, which is the fear of unconsciousness, the alluring abyss of annihilation. . . . "When man became sexual he formed woman. That woman is at all, has happened simply because man has accepted his sexuality. Woman is merely the result of this affirmation ; she is sexuality itself. Woman's existence is dependent on man. When man as man, in contradistinction to woman, is sexual, he is giving woman form, calling her into existence. Therefore, woman's one object must be to keep man sexual. Man created woman, and will always create her afresh, as long as he is sexual. Just as he gives woman consciousness, so he gives her existence. Woman is the sin of man. Woman is nothing but man's expression and projection of his own sexuality. Every man creates himself a woman, in which he embodies himself and his own 382 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 guilt. . . . She is only a part of man, his other, ineradicable, his lower part So matter appears to be as inexplicable a riddle as form, woman as unending as man, negation as eternal as existence; but the eternity is only the eternity of guilt." What Englishman has the courage and clarity to speak his inmost thoughts like that ? What is the explanation of this philosophic defencelessness of the modern Englishman? It is the protracted stay of the Victorian. What man could flout a Victorian? Who would break a lily with a coal-hammer? And before the Victorian disappeared, the Blue-stocking was established, rendered harmless-looking with the Tennysonian Victorian varnish of the "sweet girl graduate." Before she had disappeared there was established the "compleat suffragist," with a history, arguments, and a plan of campaign, and just as the average Englishman was waking up to wonder what bee the suffragist might actually have in her bonnet, there appeared the full-blown English feminist ; that is, the revolting Englishwoman, with an education, and a plan of campaign, and a philosophy. Then Sir Almroth Wright writes a letter to the Times! All this because, by the grace of God, Queen Victoria reigned sixty odd years. No doubt! At least, perhaps. This distinguished gentleman writes to the Times ostensibly to confuse and confound militancy, militant hysteria, and militant women. In reality these things are merely a cover from the protection of which he opens fire upon women as women. Even so he does not dare to say in good round language just what he means. What he means but shrinks from saying outright is that woman at every stage of her existence, from childhood onwards, is more or less insane, and throughout his argument, on this precise ground, he makes the inference that her judgment can be discounted ; an ample ground for such inference we admit. He puts it thus: Man "is not a little mystified"—he is "frankly perplexed"—he "is appalled"—" an eerie feeling is left on his mind "— when he looks upon women displaying the natural physical functions which every healthy woman must go through in one form or another, from the age of twelve to the age of forty-five, or even fifty. He says that " woman herself makes very light of any of these mental upsettings," but "no man can close his eyes to these things," though he does not feel at liberty to speak of them, for the woman that God gave him is not his to give away." To leave these suggestions of woman's insanity to themselves for the moment, let us go on to Dr. Wright's statements, in which he indicates the psychology of men generally towards women, and of doctors specifically towards women doctors. Speaking of the "epicene institution" which women are seeking to establish, " in which man and woman shall everywhere work side by side at the self-same tasks and for the self-same pay," he says "these wishes can never by any possibility be realised. Even in animals—I say even because in these at least one of the sexes has periods of complete quiescence—male and female cannot be safely worked side by side, except when they are incomplete. While in the human species safety can only be obtained at the price of continual constraint." A little further on the great physician says: "I may add in connection with my own profession that when a medical man asks that he should not be the yoke-fellow of a medical woman he does so also because he would wish to keep up as between men and women— even when they are doctors—some of the modesties and reticences upon which our civilisation has been built up. Now the medical woman is, of course, never on the side of modesty, or in favour of any reticences. Her desire for knowledge does not allow of these." This is the statement of the case according to Sir Almroth Wright, and we think it would be reprehensible frivolity on our part to treat it as farcical. In the first place, it is too rare a matter for Englishmen to state their beliefs regarding women frankly in the open, and we have no wish to make merry over first efforts ; and in the second place, we fully believe it contains the kernel of the anti-feminist faith in men. In dealing with it, we are not going to deny that we are insane. Too many wise people have been deemed insane for us to be unduly affronted. We do not deny that we seek to work alongside men, receiving equal pay for equal work. We do not deny that it is very easy for us to work alongside men, and we can express no opinions as to whether it is easy for men to work alongside women. We have to note, however, that often men are very kind to women with whom they work. If there is a chair or a seat, the woman usually gets it ; she lives under the delusion that a smile cancels the obligation, quite oblivious to the fact that men are slowly being driven into the conviction they are being " done." Also, we would not deny that there is sometimes constraint when men and women are working together. Their common vanity often prevents them from slipping into the easy and comfortable attitudes which are instinctively sought when strenuous work is being done ; and that a certain sensitiveness shrinks from revealing expressions of intentness in relation to work which show how far removed is a man's work from the bland conventionality of polite society. However, women themselves are getting over this vanity; in fact, the very proposals which Sir Almroth Wright points out women put forward are proofs that women, no matter how inferior, intellectually, are largely liberated from the domination of sexual impulse, else they would not make the proposals. On the other hand, Sir Almroth's opposition to these proposals shows that in his view men are as deeply in subjection to sexual impulse as ever ; that men are so excessively influenced by sex that they are at the mercy not only of the many women who coolly and deliberately play upon the weakness, but are swayed by the mere sex of the worker who stands by them in the workshop. Sexually mad, in fact? Far more needed apparently than the Emancipation of Woman, and, indeed, delaying its coming, is the Emancipation of Man, and the further a man appears to be from his own emancipation, the more he objects to the emancipation of woman; not indeed because he honestly considers her mad, but because he fears for the simultaneous intensification of demand and a failure in supply of a market which at present apparently he knows only too well is necessary for his own gratification. When Sir Almroth Wright leaves these disturbing allegations of mental unsoundness, and gets on to purely financial considerations between men and women, he is clarity itself ; he expresses our views admirably. He says:— " The programme of these young women is to be married upon their own terms. Man shall—so runs their scheme —work for their support—to that end giving up his freedom and putting himself under orders for many hours of the day; but they themselves must not be asked to give up any of their liberty to him, or to subordinate themselves to his interests, or to obey him in anything. To obey a man would be to commit the unpardonable sin. . . . " Every woman of the world could tell her—whispering it into her private ear—that if a sufficient number of men April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 383 should come to the conclusion that it was not worth their while to marry except on the terms of fair give-and-take, the suffragist woman's demands would have to come down. It is not at all certain that the institution of matrimony —which, after all, is the great instrument in the levelling up of the financial situation of woman—can endure apart from some willing subordination on the part of the wife. "It will have been observed that there is in these programmes, in addition to the element of mental disorder and to the element of the fatuous, which have been animadverted upon, also a very ugly element of dishonesty." It is our own view exactly, although we should not use the term " very ugly element," as this gives an idea of conscious motive which, we know, has been entirely lacking in the framing of such proposals. It is merely the naïve conceit of charming women who are accustomed to getting everything for nothing, without perceiving the dishonest nature of this. We will not enter deeply into the solemn nonsense of the argument about women not being able to put forth physical force without placing herself " within the jurisdiction of an ethical law," a law which belongs to those unwritten and unassailable and irreversible commandments of religion, agrapta kasphale o vomima, which we suddenly and mysteriously become aware of when we see them violated. " To violate any ordinance of that code is more dishonourable than to transgress every statutory law." Of this precious ordinance, "this truce of God between man and woman," " this covenant so faithfully kept by man," we hasten to put ourselves among the ignorant. Some crank or other can always be relied upon to have a secret code hiding up his sleeve, ready to produce at the dramatic moment to confound the ignorant. Sir Almroth Wright himself only appears to become aware of it upon seeing it violated by women, and we must presume that, judging by the records of our police courts, the knowledge of the code comes to men in the same unhappily belated manner, and presumably vanishes as mysteriously as it comes. This covenant of Dr. Wright's, " so faithfully kept by man," is strangely at variance with Dr. Wright's own theory of what is involved when a male casts a vote. Every vote, according to him, is the direct instrument enabling " agents of the State in certain defined circumstances" to bring into application "the weapon of physical compulsion." As the physical compulsion is applied to women and men alike, without discrimination or favour, what becomes of those " unwritten, unassailable, irreversible commandments of religion " which forbid the use of physical force between men and women? With such mighty "unwritten, unassailable, and irreversible commandments of religion" amenable to the dexterous handling of this great physician, it is obvious that he will be able to trick out many arguments with the appearance of proof to support the exclusion of women to the franchise, and with such mighty allies as these waiting on his beck and nod it is scarcely worth our while following him along the sinuous paths of elaboration which he would call arguments, but which we would call fallacies. We will, therefore, pass over these and get on to his conclusion, which he means to be comforting:— "Peace," he says, "will come again. Peace will come when woman ceases to believe and to teach all manner of evil of man despitefully. It will come when she ceases to impute to him as a crime her own natural disabilities, when she ceases to resent the fact that man cannot and does not wish to work side by side with her. And peace will return when every woman for whom there is no room in England seeks ' rest ' beyond the sea, ' each one in the house of her husband,' and when the woman who remains in England comes to recognise that she can without sacrifice of dignity give a willing subordination to the husband or father, who, when all is said and done earns and lays up money for her." Let us extend Sir Almroth's terms of peace. There will be peace when women cease to attempt telling the truth to certain types of men ; when they realise and acquiesce in the fact that the vanity of this type is there and must be fed ; when she finally decides to maintain the "modesty" which keeps her silent when generalisations on fundamental aspects of life are being given forth—a modesty which keeps her silent when he enlarges on his own picture of himself with his heights and depths, the lights and shades of his being, and further proceeds to draw her picture not from herself, but from his own idea of what would make a suitable complement to his own; there will be peace when she ceases to remind him that it is not in the presence of her disabilities that he stands mystified, but rather at her desire to be rid of them, and to treat them not as a primal curse of God, but as a something remediable, or at least tractable,could she but brush away those" reticences" so dear to the males of the medical profession, and which they keep up as sentimental mysteries, instead of endeavouring to fathom the cause and to find alleviation, as they would in the case of consumption and sleeping-sickness. Women know there will be utter perfect peace when the Sir Almroth Wrights, the Asquiths, the Curzons, the Cromers, the Chamberlains, the Wards, and all the other " calm, strong men " are placed in a magic ring, surrounded by a sea of prostrate and adoring forms of all earth's females, no single one dissentient, admiring their strength, their calm, their skill, their wisdom, their knowledge of the beginning and the end of things. Are women likely to prove lovers of such peace ? Will they buy it, or accept it? We personally fear for Sir Almroth Wright and his generation that they will see no peace. What they in all probability will have to face is not "peace, peace," but "truth, truth," and the reluctant realisation that their problem in life is not to learn how to delay the Emancipation of Woman, but how to effect the Emancipation of Man. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Rejection of the Conciliation Bill. THE rejection by the House of Commons of the Conciliation Bill by 222 to 208, being a majority of 14 against the Bill, is one of the most significant signs of the decadence of the House of Commons. Everyone will remember the overwhelming majority by which the Bill was carried twelve months ago, and also the various majorities by which the principle of Woman's Suffrage has been affirmed over and over again by Parliament. It proves once more that the exigencies of party are much stronger than principle in this place. No one who has considered the question will for one moment say that the rejection means that the majority of those who voted are really opposed to the granting of votes for women. As a matter of fact, Mr. Arnold Ward, who wound up the debate for the Anti-Suffragists, based the major part of his case against the second reading on the assumption that the Bill should be rejected because it had not yet been voted on by the people of the country, 384 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 that the voters had not been consulted on the matter, and that, therefore, postponement was absolutely necessary. Even he, however, so far as his speech went, did not appear to think that it would be possible for the House of Commons to reject the Bill. However, rejected it was, and those of us who believe in the cause have now to ask ourselves what are the real reasons which led to this result. I do not believe it could for a moment be argued that militant tactics had very much to do with the result. It is quite possible that a dozen or so votes were influenced by that. Even were it so, however, nothing more mean could have been done. For men to say that because, in their judgment, some people have committed illegal acts and done things they ought not to do, and that because of this they will vote against a thing which they honestly believe in, is quite too silly to argue about at this time of day. The Liberal party is in power because it has condoned offences against the law. It condoned and supported the whole Passive Resistance Movement. It also condoned and excused all the law-breaking that has taken place in Ireland during the past twenty-five years, and it has based its claim for granting Home Rule to Ireland, irrespective of what Irish people have done either in Ireland or in our own country, on the broad principle that it is a just and righteous proposition, and should be carried, quite apart from any idea that those who advocate it may have broken the law, but, as I say, in my opinion, the militant action of the W.S.P.U. had very little effect on the debate. The real reasons the Bill was rejected were, first of all, a large number of men were quite alarmed lest the Bill in committee might lead to the break-up of the Government. There can be no doubt at all that the announcement made by the Prime Minister that a Manhood Suffrage Bill was to be introduced, amendments were to be moved, and that he and his colleagues were each to take up their own line on the subject and fight the question out, not merely in public but on the floor of the House of Commons, had more to do with destroying the chances of Women's Suffrage, either through the Conciliation Bill or through the Manhood Suffrage Bill, than anything else we can think of, and the result was that men who were loyal to the Government, and personally loyal to Mr. Asquith, voted with them or were obliged to abstain from voting to save the country the spectacle of a Government fighting against itself over the subject of votes for women. Another factor was the Home Rule question, and here, without in any sort of way wanting to appear to sit in judgment on the Irish members, I for one feel that the attitude they took up is one which does not redound to their credit, and is not likely to win them support for their case. They are using their power in this House ruthlessly and relentlessly on every great question, irrespective of what they believe as to the merits of the particular question under discussion. They are using their power simply to keep the Government in for the purpose of obtaining Home Rule. Whether they will succeed in placating English opposition by those tactics remains to be seen, but they argue that if the second reading of this Bill had been carried, not merely would it have been carried in defiance of the Prime Minister, and thus have weakened his authority in the Cabinet and in the House of Commons, but it also would have meant that ten days more Parliamentary time would have to be given to the Bill, and that these ten days would have been ten days of stormy debate and division, very likely rending the Cabinet in twain, and thus jeopardising from every point of view their chance of getting their Bill. There is, of course, a good deal of truth in this. Another set of men who were concerned about time were those who want Welsh Disestablishment, and some of these deliberately abstained ; and I know one case where a man deliberately voted against. So far as the Labour party were concerned, those who could possibly be present were present and took part in the division in support of the Bill. Most of the miners' representatives were obliged to be away, and thus made the vote of the Labour party much less than it otherwise would have been. I think these were the real reasons why the Bill was rejected. Now, what of the future ? Men like myself never really liked the Conciliation Bill, except as the expression by Parliament of the principle that men and women should have the vote on the same terms. Apart from this, the Bill was a very small one, and it would have affected quite a few women. In speaking at meetings in support of Women's Suffrage, over and over again I have said that there was very little hope of carrying a really big measure for the enfranchisement of women until working-class women had been wakened up. I believe that this is the piece of work that requires to be done. The suffrage agitation has had more money behind it, and I believe has had more personal devotion given to it, than any other movement of modern times. I cannot help feeling sure that both the money and the devotion has, to some extent, been misdirected. If during these last seven years as vigorous a propaganda had been carried on amongst working-class women as has been carried on amongst the upper, the middle, and the lower middle-class women, I think very much more would have been accomplished. What the House of Commons dreads is votes, and there is no doubt in my mind that the average man is not thought sufficiently enthusiastic to make them take up Votes for Women in real earnest, and the result is that members of Parliament who give the pledge at election times to women who canvass for "them can easily forget that pledge when they get there. If we could carry on a propaganda which had for its object the teaching of women that the removal of the sex disability with regard to the vote was only one step towards raising their whole status and securing their economic freedom, we should, I think, get along very much faster. Now, the main thing we all have to consider is that, despite politicians, it is just possible that there is sufficient enthusiasm in the country for a change in the franchise laws to make it possible to keep the Government up to the mark in respect of the Manhood Suffrage Bill. If this be so, then all of us must, I think, join in doing what we can to influence working class opinion to demand a settlement of the women's question so far as votes are concerned at the same time, and to that end I will repeat that the first and last thing to do is to rouse the working classes, and in this connection the suffrage societies, who really want the vote given to women on the same terms as those which may be given to men. can do nothing better than join forces with the Labour and Socialist movement in the country, which will work loyally and solidly with them for this, and organise such a volume of influence and secure so enthusiastic a backing for adult suffrage as will compel the Government either to leave the question of the franchise alone or to carry the only possible political measure, viz., votes on equal terms for both men and women. George Lansbury. April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN The Conquest of the Heart. WE read in the Old Testament that, although Moses led the children of Israel to the borders of the promised land, he himself was not permitted to enter it, but was merely accorded a glimpse of its beauty from the top of Pisgah. " I have caused thee to see it with thine eyes"—thus ran the divine decree—" but thou shalt not go over thither." The story may be truth or fiction in its literal sense, as you please to determine ; but it seems to embody an esoteric law as regards the fate of pioneers. Not for them the enjoyment of the boons with which they endow their fellows: for them the toil and tribulation, the doubts and misgivings, the long-despairing patience and the bitter fruit of ingratitude. For others the joy of reaping, the feast and song of the harvest home. It is probable that of those men and women who have fought or are fighting for an extension of the bounds of sexual or other forms of freedom, there are few whose personal history does not exemplify this law. The life of Mary Wollstonecraft, who suffered up to and beyond the limits of sane endurance, is an excellent case in point. But it is only one of many as typical that could easily be cited if it were worth while. When Moses had brought his followers to the very brink of Jordan he died, and another and a lesser man took up and completed the task which he had so reluctantly laid down. This may be taken to symbolise the supersession of the mood of passion by the mood of controlled purpose, an essential condition of success in all pioneer work. Not that this excludes the more obvious interpretation that the men who bring a great cause to victory are seldom the equals of those who have paved the way. Nothing really great can be accomplished without passion—the fierce white flame which tempers to adamantine hardness the metal of the will. By passion is implied the preoccupation of the personality by a single irresistible and overwhelming desire. The vast majority of individuals are, needless to say, incapable of passion ; and it is fortunate for them that they are. For the thwarting of passion—and it is invariably thwarted, at least in some degree—is a process inconceivably painful, a process of death by fire. Passion is (theologically speaking) sin—that goes without saying ; and the soul that sins must die. Consequently, no personality has ever survived a true passion. Where this appears to have been the case, a closer inspection will always reveal the fact that the original personality has (like that of Moses) perished and a new one taken its place. Joshua was by no means the equal of Moses, like unto whom we are told that " there arose not a prophet since in Israel " ; yet he carried to a triumphant issue the task over which his heroic predecessor had agonised in vain. It is ever so. One works ineffectually with an instrument that is still hot from the forge : passion is a disabling condition, although it is the pre-requisite of power. Of love it has been said that it " inspires great ambitions and takes away the means of their fulfilment." But only to give them back in fuller measure and more efficient form. Yet passion can do much in its blundering way ; it can do well-nigh anything, by virtue even of its Titanic energy, excepting always the achievement of its own special solace and unique satisfaction. In that field it is betrayed by its excessive ardour, and almost inevitably comes to grief in consequence. The immense human and social significance of passion is largely due to its imperative need of an outlet of some kind in lieu of that most often denied by Destiny. This outlet it finds in creative or, peradventure, in iconoclastic work, the latter element prevailing over the former in direct proportion to the emotional tension (in other words, the torture) involved. There is nothing so ruthless as a tortured spirit : what were the infamies of the Spanish Inquisition but the revenge of the celibate priesthood upon a community which had sacrificed it to its needs ? The comparative immunity of women from the pains of passion, physiologically explicable by the broader, more diffuse organic basis of their sexual functions, is the true explanation of their generic inferiority in the sphere of art. It is the ground of their preference for and power of working through man as their instrument, rather than directly upon life. For it places them, as the desired, at an obvious advantage, of which, by the way, they have seldom been slow to avail themselves, over man, the desirous, in the duel of sex. The innumerable tragedies of passion are mainly attributable to its craze for precipitate action. For, as Grierson wisely remarks, " failures are forced events ; successes come spontaneously." The watchwords for success in the conquest of the heart are self-criticism, humour, and patience. On the other hand, it is a grave error to attempt the impossible. When one's horse gets the bit between its teeth and bolts, one should not waste strength in futile efforts to pull up, but devote oneself to steering clear of the traffic. There is a right way of dealing with similar emotional predicaments, however desperate ; but it is not necessarily the way of the conventional moralist, who knows nothing of the nature, uses, or privileges of passion. And it is not a task for weaklings. Charles J. Whitby, M.D. New Spring Tailor Suits Our Coats and Skirts have a character of their own. They are designed and made by skilled men Tailors from fashionable materials, and are equal in appearance and style to the best type of Tailor Suits made specially to order. ; : SMART : : STREET SUIT (as sketch) beautifully tailored in new striped Corduroy Tweeds; perfect cut and finish. Coat lined soft silk. £4 Debenham and Freebody Wigmore Street. (Cavendish Square) London, W. 386 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 Co-operative Housekeeping and the Domestic Worker. I. " It's a singular thing that the commonest place Is the hardest to properly fill, That the labour imposed on full half the race Is so seldom performed with goodwill, To say nothing of knowledge or skill." —Charlotte Gilman. THE problem of domestic service in England has become so acute and the strain of present conditions so severe that even Punch has at times made references to the " servant question." It is undoubtedly a fact that this classic journal only handles topics that are mellow with age and universally familiar ; it is not necessary, therefore, to go any farther to prove that the difficulty is real, universal, and of long standing. It is generally assumed that this particular problem is peculiarly a product of the age—that we are suffering at the hands of a modern " type "—the slatternly maid-of-all-work. Authorities assign various causes which have combined to provide this type, such as free education, the decline of religion, the alleged " pampering " of the working classes, and many others, but all these things are entirely irrelevant. The real difficulty is that domestic work itself has changed—and changed for the worse. Hence it attracts and produces a less desirable and less capable class of worker than formerly. It is generally assumed that " housecraft " has no history, and that it stands to-day in very much the same position that it stood in days past. Perhaps a brief review of the historical aspect of " house-craft" will clear the ground for the proposals to be set forth in the present paper. The wife of a prosperous burgher in the age of the Tudors was a busy, capable person—a crafts-woman. She made her own foodstuffs, wove her own linen, pickled, potted, and preserved. In these duties she was assisted by girls who were working with her in order to learn the business of house-craft. The husband had apprentices in his shop or factory, the wife her apprentices in her kitchen and still-room ; both the boys and the girls received a sound training and learned to do at least one thing really well. This was more truly education than the modern method of cramming a miscellaneous mass of knowledge into a child and hoping that some of it will digest. There were other advantages in the Tudor system. The maids formed a community. They were part of a corporate body, and local rivalry, a common social life and community of work and interests, held them together and kept them alive and jolly. It is a very important thing that work should be done in a sociable and jolly sort of way. The happy worker puts infinitely more into his or her work than the worker who is " pot-boiling," and it should be remembered that this is true, not only of painting pictures, but also of hanging wallpaper and boiling potatoes. Then, again, the whole business was under the direction of a skilled and capable manageress. The maids did not feel that they were going on day after day performing a mechanical round of routine duties, learning nothing, making nothing, gaining nothing. They were storing up valuable knowledge and acquiring technical ability that would bear its fruit in their own homes. They were developing the pride and self-respect of the good and conscientious craftsman, and the better they served their mistress the better they served themselves. Compare this with the conditions which prevail to-day. This is a ready-made age—an age of tabloid soups and coffee essences ; of factory-made jams and machine-made bread, while the term " homespun" has practically dropped out of the language. What does this mean ? That all the more difficult and consequently more interesting part of the old housecraft has been taken out of the home. Thus the modern housewife finds herself left with nothing but the simple routine working and the baser drudgery of scrubbing and cleaning. There is no doubt that the loneliness of a domestic servant's life has a bad effect on the health of the class as a whole. In spite of the fact that housework is a bustling, healthy sort of occupation, and that in the great majority of cases the food is quite good, a very large proportion of these girls suffer from anaemia and lack of vitality. Then, again, there is the difficulty of the relations between mistress and maid ; these vary from house to house. In some cases the girl is treated as a bondwoman and in others she is allowed a great degree of freev dom and familiarity, but in no case is she recognised as a member of a craft, having a definite status, definite rights, and a clear claim to an independent life of her own. Having diagnosed the malady, it is time to consider the remedy ; that remedy is co-operative housekeeping. While individual householders cannot each afford a competent general servant, they can, by pooling their interests and living together in a co-operative colony, afford a staff of trained, skilled and adequately paid domestic workers. Every such colony would employ, maintain, and house such a staff. Their services would be available for any period desired, and they could be employed by the hour, day, or month. Having done their work, they would leave the house and return to their own quarters. The object of this paper, treating, as it does, the co-operative housekeeping ideal from the point of view of the domestic worker, is to emphasise two great points which must always be borne in mind whenever this aspect of the question is considered. These points are:— : (a) That domestic work must henceforth be split up into specialised branches, and workers must be thoroughly trained for those branches. Training, training, and again training—that is the whole secret. Housework must once more be elevated to the dignity of a craft. (b) That proper conditions of labour must be granted to those who elect to follow this new-old calling. A living wage, fair hours, and proper opportunities for recreation must be secured to domestic workers. Consider for a moment what the effect of establishing a guild of domestic workers on the above lines would be. All the old objections to domestic service as a career for educated women would cease to hold good. They would be as independent, as free, and as well paid as any other class of day worker. Their work would be more healthy and congenial than that of a typist, telephonist, or shopgirl. "There would be no possibility of the eternal friction and nagging which sometimes prevail between two women of different age, education, and temperament when they are left alone together for hours at a time. It would, of course, be necessary to found and endow training colleges for domestic science. Wealthy women who wished to do something really useful to the community and beneficial to the future April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 387 of their own sex might endow scholarships and exhibitions at such colleges. Girls could be trained to become cooks, needlewomen, nurses, housemaids, infant teachers, dressmakers—in fact, any and every craft that pertains to the home ; they could adopt that branch of the calling which appealed to their own personal tastes. On leaving the college, they should have qualified for a certificate of efficiency in one or more branches of domestic science. They could then take up a position on the staff of a co-operative colony, and have their own quarters, recreation-rooms, etc., at the central hall, where they could form an independent social community of their own. Their hours of work and pay should be fixed and their interests guarded by means of a union. Domestic work under these circumstances would attract clever, capable and energetic girls, and would not be open to the reproach which is often levelled at other callings, viz., that they unfit girls for married life ; on the contrary, a girl would be earning her living under decent conditions and at the same time learning the secrets of home-making and housekeeping. She would be economically independent of marriage, and yet fully capable of assuming the responsibilities of married life. Her work would be far healthier than that of the woman clerk, more useful to the community, and more suitable to her abilities. Woman's place may be in the home, but not in the home as it is at present. The home is often a lumber-room of antiquated methods and disused ideas. Woman's duty to herself should lead her to come out of the home as quickly as she can, until the old basis of home life has been readjusted Where in the whole wide world could one find anything at once so extravagant and inefficient as the present individualistic system of small, self-contained homes? Twenty little suburban houses, with twenty disappointed and underpaid general servants, are kept going expensively and unsatisfactorily, and yet half a dozen or so skilled domestic workers could do all the work of all these houses in an eight-hour day; the meals could be taken at the central hall, and all the heat, clamour, and unpleasantness of cooking could be taken out of those houses for ever. To rail at the servant problem now that the co-operative housekeeping solution has come to the fore is unnecessary and futile. The idea is in being ; all that remains to do is to embody that idea in a living, working institution. When this has been done, that ancient bugbear, the "worries of housekeeping," will vanish into thin air and a new era of freedom and opportunity will have dawned for all women, whether wife or spinster, mistress or maid. Alice Melvin, Hon. Sec. to the Society for the Promotion of Co-operative Housekeeping and House Service. The Matador of the Five Towns.* 1 owns. IT is at present the custom of fools to decry Mr. Arnold Bennett's work as "photographic." Now photography is an adult recreation, and Mr. Bennett is the child among the authors of to-day. It takes the eyes of youth to see a tram-car lumbering down a high street as the unconquerable chariot of Love traversing his kingdom. It takes the palate of infancy to retain such a gluttonous appetite * "The Matador of the Five Towns." By Arnold Bennett. 6s. (Methuen and Co.) "The Charwoman's Daughter." By James Stephens. 3s. 6d. (Macmillan and Co.) for Life. It takes a child to accept so seriously the mission of justifying God's ways to men. In "The Matador of the Five Towns, Mr. Bennett plunges deeper and deeper into the sea of human affairs. He broods excitedly over the green immensity of the football field, that unimpressive arena whither the workers habitually repair to let loose over an insignificant game the passions inherited from forefathers to whom life was an unsettled and surprising adventure—passions suppressed or nagged to death by the prison-regulations of the industrial muddle. He picks up from the vast field one of the figures that is hired to play this game—one Jos Myatt, a piece of strong flesh, blatantly stupid, of no earthly value save for his strength of sinew. A fancy product of civilisation, an unbeautiful superfluity kept for sport, without the grace that excuses a miner's whippet; a creature without achievement, save for a collection of " pots " gained as a racing bicyclist—"debased and vicious shapes, magnificently useless, grossly ugly, with their inscriptions lost in a mess of flourishes." A creature now on the verge of senility, soon to become carrion : for at thirty-four a footballer is near the end of his career. Surely a being on whom we can satisfy the human appetite for despising people. Then we follow Jos Myatt home to the "pub." he keeps, " The Foaming Quart," and suddenly find ourselves in the midst of a majestic crisis. That night he " is obliged to sit in a mean chamber and wait silently while the woman of his choice encounters the supreme peril." He broods gloomily over her torments, he is terrified in the face of this savage development of Life. And at dawn his wife bears twin children. He exults, stupidly and silently. Then in the early morning, as he stands wrangling in the bar over an absurd wager, his wife dies. Could there be more grim a catastrophe— more terrible a testimony that the hearts of the gods are deceitful above all things and desperately wicked—than that the woman one loves should die by the fruit of that love ? And Jos faces it magnificently. " ' As God is my witness,' he exclaimed solemnly, in a voice saturated with feeling, ' as God is my witness,' he repeated, ' I'll ne'er touch a foot-ba' again ! ' " For love of his dead wife he espouses senility. He buries his fame beside her even as Rossetti laid his poems in his wife's coffin. He behaves royally: and we perceive that royalty is bestowed on all of us by the splendid experiences Nature metes out to our common humanity. We may become Supermen and Superwomen as fast as we will, but we can never earn the right to despise anybody, except those voluntary paupers, those moral malingerers that refuse experience. This is a sad thought. How nice to be a Tory, and have half a nation to despise. How nice to be a male anti-Feminist, and have half the world's population to despise. These are the menus plaisirs one must renounce in embracing theories of liberty. Another remarkable book that deals with the royalty of commoners is James Stephens' "The Charwoman's Daughter." This year I shall date the coming of spring from the day I read this book. And, indeed, it is like a wood being awakened by spring. As the buds leap out on the trees, so word by word unfolds its beauty : each lovely in itself and an essential note in the larger symphony of loveliness. It develops slowly with the sedate yet spend-thrift elaboration of Nature herself, and every page brings the book to a ripe beauty that one can hardly bear to leave, just as one wants every April day to linger for ever. Nothing can express the delicate strength of his style : to read the quick, beating sentences is like holding a bird in one's hand. 388 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 Mr. Stephens, in a passion of inquisitiveness, has run up the five flights of a Dublin tenement and burst into the attic—"the first storey on the way down from heaven," as the French say—and invades the privacy of the perfect heroine. Now it is a strange thing that Mr. Arnold Bennett, with all his faculty for seeing through brick walls, is never completely successful in portraying young women. Always his young women have the slightly vulgar air of a conjurer trying to make an impressive mystery out of a commonplace trick with a bowl of goldfish and a couple of rabbits. But there again is Mr. Bennett's childishness: he has never got over his infantile admiration for the bland, magnificent creature in the draper's windows, whose superb dignity and unchangeable sweetness he does not attribute to the fact that she is made of wax. The best love story in the collection of tales that follow "The Matador," " Jock-at-a-Venture," is enacted between an old local preacher and a strolling actress nearing forty, a motherly body, such as Mr. Bennett can draw with genius. Never could he achieve such a miraculous heroine as Mary Makebelieve, the charwoman's daughter. She is too busy with the mysteries of life to waste time looking mysterious. To show what a whirl of delicious speculation occupied her, let us quote her reflections on the ponds in St. Stephen's Green Park. " She knew every bird in the Park, those that had chickens, those that had had chickens, and those that had never had any chickens at all. These latter were usually drakes, and had reason on their side for an abstention that might otherwise have appeared remarkable ; but they did not deserve the pity which Mary lavished on their childlessness, nor the extra pieces of bread with which she sought to recompense them. . . . Some of the eels swam along very slowly, looking on this side and on that as if they were out of work or up from the country, and others whizzed by with incredible swiftness. Mary Make-believe thought that the latter kind had just heard their babies crying ; she wondered, when a little fish cried, could its mother see the tears when there was already so much water about, and then she thought that maybe they cried hard lumps of something that was easily visible." So she lived a delightfully exciting life, wherein it was a thrilling adventure to go out for a day's charing, until she was courted by a policeman—a monument of physical force, a thing blown out by consciousness of masculinity into a horrible bladder ! Let the apostles of virility take notice : " She wished dumbly that the man would go away, but . . . to endanger the dignity of a big man was a thing which no woman could do without a pang. . . . The memory of that would sting her miserably for weeks, as though she had insulted an elephant or a baby." Could anything be more sweetly chivalrous than Mary? She meets the happier fate she deserves, for she is left walking out with a young man who discovers in a fight with the police-man that " his courage exceeded his strength, as it always should—for how could we face the gods and demons of existence if our puny arms were not backed up by our invincible eyes ? " But it is Mary's mother that makes this book great. She is one of those lank black figures whirling lean arms in an ecstasy of irritability, her shrill voice mounting from peak to peak of enjoyable invective, that the Irish players sometimes showed us. She was also that pattern to all democrats—a real mother. To her Mary was the pet lamb of an enchanting flock, all of whom had a claim on her love when they needed it. Nor was she the Madonna type, clasping an unnaturally quiet infant who must be either drugged by soothing syrup or stuffed by some skilful taxidermist. She was an enthusiastic devotee of the whole rowdy business of motherhood. There is a delicious scene concerning that. Mary goes out to do a day's charing, leaving Mrs. Makebelieve sadly ill. When she comes back, " Mrs. Cafferty was sitting on her mother's bed, two small children and a cat were also on the bed, two slightly bigger children were under the bed, and two others were galloping furiously up and down the room. . . . The pair of infants on the bed were playing the game of bump ; they would stand upright, then spring high into the air and come crashing down on the bed, which then sprung them partly up again. . . . Sometimes they fell on Mrs. Makebelieve: always they humped her." Mary is naturally aghast. " Are you better ? " she asks. " I am, honey," Mrs. Makebelieve blandly replies. " Those children done me good!' Unaccountable beings, these mothers ! And Mrs. Makebelieve had all the virtues. Even she was a Freewoman. ..." Her god was Freedom and her religion Love. Freedom! even the last rags of it that remain to a regimented world ! That was a passion with her. She must order her personal life without any ghostly or bodily supervision. . . . And this last fringe of freedom was what nuns had sacrificed and all servants had bartered away. One must work, but one must never be a slave—these laws seemed to her equally imperative ; the structure of the world swung upon them, and whoever violated these laws was a traitor to both God and man." Art and Propaganda have this much connection, that if a propaganda makes art impossible, it is clearly damned. That such a delicate and exquisite fairy-tale can be written about Freewomen is an answer to the argument that Feminism will mar the beauty of life, and so wreck art. Our thanks to Mr. Stephens for proving that the devil is not going to have all the best tunes. Rebecca West. Family Affection. " All's yours and you, All, coloured with your blood, or otherwise, Just nothing to you." SO speaks Romney Leigh to his cousin Aurora of her sex in general, and the words may be taken in their most obvious sense as illustrative of the attitude of mind so common to women as to suggest not duty or virtue, but everyday human nature. And since woman's world was small, and its interests individual and unique, the speaker need hardly have blamed her that she "generalised nothing." The reproach has long been out of date ; generalising has proved no such staggering feat. The "million sick" in Russia, or in the slums, haunts the modern girl's imagination, and she feels the " universal anguish " at sight of the beggar and the orphan through our common knowledge of all that unemployable and unfit mean. But the old ties of blood remain, and have to be reckoned with. They are hallowed by traditional reverence and by the associations of childhood. It may be worth while to consider precisely how they are affected by woman's entrance into a world larger, at least, in mental outlook. Doubtless, in many cases they remain as strong as ever. We have all met delightful ladies whose affections, on the lines of careful housekeeping, are bestowed in nicely graduated amounts according to the degree of relationship. Other friends may be recognised mainly as similarly situated individuals with family stories to interchange. The case is to be found not April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 389 only in the last generation. Even a University education may not extinguish the disposition to think in terms of the immediate family. To be sure, we may regard such persons as survivals, and attribute their deep-rooted interest in genealogical matters to country life, the possession of household gods of unusual antique charm, or genuine family tradition fast disappearing in the ever-shifting town life. For all of these things we have a genuine tenderness, the greater according to our own detachment from them. And yet, even without these special influences, the past reigns in many a woman's soul, and she is not only " daughter all the days of her life," but niece, sister, cousin, as the case may be. Supposing that in adolescence, as is probable, she revolts against the family bonds, the old claims, evanescent as mere " consanguinity," reassert themselves later, and the piteous expectation of the aged or invalid is undeniable. One can scarcely help feeling that male anxiety about the family under altered conditions takes little account of woman's age-long practice in taking care not merely of the absorbing beginners in life, but of those other children of the sick room and the chimney corner, less docile, less engaging, less hopeful. "Leave not a human soul To grow old in darkness and pain," prays the poet, hardly to be answered by a Chancellor of the Exchequer. Not improbably " the soul of the world " invoked replies through woman's youth. The pure gain of family life in childhood is obvious, but later the very social virtues developed among brother and sister comrades tend to direct energy into a wider sphere ; the child is happy at school ; the boy and girl learn at college the attraction of a community of equals; having learned to act together with mutual understanding and applause, they miss in the home the common stimulus to action, they lose touch with the collective attitude of mind proper to their generation, and fret and fume as " advanced " individuals against parental fashions, concrete or abstract. Of course, if they marry, they make their own compromise between domestic and social claims, and the adjustment often enables them to throw a more kindly backward glance upon the old home. One fancies the married daughter a little more tolerant of her mother's methods than the sister who " stays at home." It is the latter upon whom the family tie presses most. She may endeavour to combine professional duties with the work and supervision demanded by the jealously individualistic private house of Mr. Wells' aversion. But the balance of time will always tend to lean towards household cares. It cannot be otherwise. The house is part of the family, and exacts special observances. The gatherings of relatives under one roof, the sitting down for meals at one table, are of almost religious significance. It is difficult to decide whether it is more honoured by the type of family which carries away as much as may be of it on their collective summer holiday, or the one which leaves a representative behind to maintain its continuous identity. It is probable that middle-class life is less swayed by the cult of the family than in the days of Arnold Bennett's novels of the Five Towns. But in the particular case considered there seems no escape from practical service to the survival, while the solvent of criticism works grimly in the soul. Male prestige has often secured a quiet room for private work—the Wesley children, one remembers, were taught "to cry softly" in the interest of their father's sermons; but professional work done by women at home has hardly this standing—and, besides, we should go out to soothe the child ! Many a social reconstruction is meditated while the captive expends accumulated wrath on the kitchen fender ; but, seeing the greatest happiness of others must be considered, from their point of view, the schemes are always impracticable. As easily could we fit our houses together in a coherent plan as combine our family obligations with those of others in like case. Separateness is a point of old-fashioned pride ; collective living savours of the prison and the workhouse; surely one's very sense of identity would go if one had not one's own home, one's own garden, and " one's daughter, one's daughter all the days of her life." No doubt the system tends to end itself, for years advance in the unquestioning service of a questioned ideal. Left to her own initiative, the modern woman would hardly continue it, even if her age permitted. But the pessimistic doubt as to her retaining either initiative or modernity may be lightened by recollecting the story of Luise Levin, one of the first kindergartners. Having spent her youth in " stepping into family breaches," and having accepted a destiny of having others thrown upon her care, her one thought in gaining freedom at thirty was to be indispensable again, to fill a breach, to have an object in life. She found her career in the new social work Froebel was opening to women, in the games and open-air teaching of German children travelling from village to village with the apostolic fervour of the early kindergarten movement. At the age of seventy-seven she was still " earnest in the cause " of training teachers. It is perhaps, after all, only a matter of biding one's time. Nor, indeed, need one think so meanly of our A L'Idéal Cie. New Models in Original and Exclusive TAILOR SUITS Coat Lined Silk from 6 gns. Perfectly cut and fitted by MÖNS. ADOLPHE "Taiileur de Paris Dainty Paris Blouses from 25/- 15 Sloane St.,S.W. Victoria 2024 390 TBE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 mothers' generation as to despair of startling ventures for new ideals. The leaven of the suffrage movement is working everywhere. Not always does the enthusiast have to leave father or mother to be worthy of the cause. St. Francis, cursed and cast off by his father, asked a father's blessing from a beggar, but one may see a better symbol in the solution of St. Clare, who ended the domestic opposition to her vocation by drawing both sister and mother into the new Order. Winifred Hindshaw. Genius and Decadence. MR. BERNARD SHAW has stated somewhere—in one of his inimitable prefaces, I believe—that the man whose consciousness does not correspond with that of the majority is, in the strict sense of the word, a madman ; and to indicate the most obvious aspect of the phrase would be inartistic, because superfluous, when we remember that, like Friedrich Nietzsche, Mr. Shaw may prefer to be thought insane. Nietzsche, driven to despair by a vain and futile world, sought a last refuge in the reclusion of his Weimar retreat, his brain literally consumed by the fierce fire of his genius. However, since we are to believe that there is a soul of truth in Mr. Shaw's remark, we must hasten to realise that genius (connoting abnormal mentality) cannot be conceived as distinct from madness, which, as we have seen, is that phase of mind which does not conform with the common consciousness. But, unfortunately, Mr. Shaw's paradox is not perfect, and because it was obviously not intended for our analysis no very deep searching would be needed to see how the meaning of the word madness has been strained to his purpose. But there is a danger of being hypercritical, and it were well to remember that Mr. Shaw's phrases are often gems that lose something of their brilliancy when removed from the rich setting of their context : that only the purest paradox is in itself complete. Yet, in this instance, we may discern that soul of truth only when we shall have freed our minds from the original meaning of the word he is using, which cannot well happen to such as are impelled to seek significance in his works by the belief that he sincerely desires to convey some definite meaning. Lombroso has gone far to show that genius and pathology of mind are inseparable, though it may be urged that his works bear rather the impress of literary empiricism than the stamp of scientific certainty. Max Nordau has also contended that genius is synonymous with decadence, and although there can be no doubt that this is often true of individual cases, we cannot so readily believe that decadence is a condition essential to genius, or that it occurs so frequently in that state as to warrant the generalisation. But, without entering too deeply into these complex mind-states, it should be possible, in the light of mere aspects, to show that genius is a quality altogether too individual to be defined in general terms, and that any attempt at such were as futile as to formulate a moral (or other) code for the guidance of all peoples in all ages, regardless of inevitable changes. The writer confesses to a predilection for the men whose genius is tinged with decay, for he seems to find in their works a more complete statement of life than he has discerned in the art of such as more nearly approximate to the normal. It is seldom that normal art has any regard for what might be termed the monstrous, and it would seem that an aesthetic which fails to account for realities which have so great an emotional meaning cannot be regarded as comprehensive. If Art have for its aim the stating of the emotional significance which lies behind realities, there is a question that should be asked at this point by one in search of a true aesthetic : Does the beautiful in life preponderate, or the monstrous? Realising, as we must, that—since ugliness and beauty are not to be resolved in an article dealing entirely with aspects—any attempt to arrive at the relative artistic value of these factors would not help us here, no such shall be essayed; but the fact that, on the surface even, there seems to be room for two opinions should indicate that beauty cannot alone form the subject-matter of what we might wish to call a world-aesthetic. Decadence, issuing from the extreme flank of the realistic movement, owes much to that abnormal keenness of vision which, with a total disregard for externals, probes right to the heart of realities and extracts their virginal element, thereafter proceeding to mould it anew—for public consumption, as it were. Remy de Gourment speaks of this process, in its application to music, as the "disassociation of harmonies," regarding Richard Strauss as the initiator of the method, which is synchronous with Impressionism in painting, and which has latterly extended to sculpture. Strauss is the prime disassociateur, and Strauss is decadent. Claude Monet divided his tints, and Claude Monet is decadent ; while, later, we have Cezanne, Gauguin, and Henri-Mattise, than whom none more decadent could be found, except perhaps Vincent van Gogh, who has a place apart. In letters, the supreme realism of D'Annunzio's " Romances of the Rose " places the young Italian among the first decadents in this branch of art. His book, " The Victim," is a masterpiece of decadent art, brutal in its crude naturalism, tremendously iconoclastic, yet abounding in passages of forceful southern beauty which sound erotic and voluptuous on our northern ears. The mere mention of the fact that incest is the theme of his greatest drama will serve to show that this marvellous man has touched extremes which make it impossible to regard him as other than the essence of decay. In England, George Moore was the first decadent, of whose too candid paganism and flagrant contempt for what have come to be regarded as the nobler virtues we have become a little suspicious. His cynicism is a trifle too extreme, we believe ; his pessimism deeper than that of a Hartmann or a Nietzsche, if that were possible. But as a true decadent he delights in picturing such, and he has given us many pen-pictures of startling vividness in his frankly brutal, yet wholly delightful, " Confessions of a Young Man." It would be impossible to forget the sketch, wonderfully complete and glowingly alive, of the obscure Poet-Composer, Cabaner, who though ever conscious of his own failure has yet a word of kindness for the discouraged and a crust of bread for the forsaken ; a cooling draught for the parched throats of the penniless, and a home for the homeless ones—in a weird, strange place, furnished with plaster casts and a decapitated Venus de Milo! But that is George Moore's picture, and I must not profane it. Some years had gone by since I had read the " Confessions," until, quite recently, by a strange chance, I came upon the fortunate being who possesses the copy of that work which was sent by the author to Walter Pater—"the last great English writer"_ April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 391 and the circumstance induced me to read the book again, which I did, with full consciousness of the old thrills, thankfully. Next came Wilde, and when we have ceased to regard the man in the light of our anachronic morality conventionally, we shall perhaps see in his works a glimmering of the beauty that we know to be there, yet to which we have been blind so long by reason of our emotional incapacity to comprehend his art. It would be no easy task to analyse the varied ramifications of Wilde's aesthetic, and it is curious to note that he has given an entirely new significance to the sense of smell. In " The Picture of Dorian Gray " there is a whole chapter whose intent is to show the emotional meaning of perfumes. But to him who contends that normal art has shown him anything resembling a complete picture of himself, we would say, either that he is too little introspective, or that his days have been cast on pleasant places, where the monstrous is unknown, and where the normal is sufficient to express the subtlest emotions he has engendered. Selwyn Weston. A Y.W.C.A. Home. AFTER reading the article on Y.W.C.A. Homes in your issue of February 8th, I felt that I should like to give my experience of one of these Hostels in order to show how they differ—one from another. First, may I say that they are primarily intended for girls whose income is not sufficiently great to allow of their living in the more expensive boarding-house or hotel ; also they provide more of the " Home " atmosphere than is to be found in other boarding establishments. There are hundreds of girls in London—one might even say thousands—who, after trying the typical " lodgings," come to the conclusion that anything is preferable to the slovenly landlady, the poor and badly served food, and, more often than not, the shabbiness and untidy appearance of their rooms, and, above all, their own- great loneliness and need of companionship. All these things tend to make them very dissatisfied with the existing conditions, and, accordingly, they make their way to the nearest Y.W.C.A. Few people, unless they have experienced it, can in any way imagine the awful loneliness and almost sense of desolation which every girl has to bear when she leaves the shelter of her home for the first time, and begins to fight the battle of life for herself. She feels as though she were leaving her girlhood miles behind her, and that she is, in very truth, a woman, with a very full and heavy burden of life upon her young shoulders, and it is at this time of her life that she wants companionship and real comradeship more than at any other stage of her career. Notwithstanding its millions of people and its teeming population, London is the loneliest place in the wide world, and it is to the Y.W.C.A. that many girls owe a great debt of gratitude, insomuch as it provides them the means whereby they can meet young, bright society, and it gives them a real " Home " with that particular atmosphere which cannot be purchased by all the pounds, shillings and pence in the world. More often than not, the girl who goes to live in one of these Hostels is delighted with the people she meets there ; she finds girls engaged in every profession, and she has many opportunities of widening her interests; her outlook on life is broadened by her contact with people of every nationality, who flock in such numbers to the Homes of the Y.W.C.A., and she finds that dehghtful fellow-feeling " springing upinher heart, as she gradually realises that she is really an economic factor of her day, for whom somebody cares, and not merely a poor little nobody fighting for her daily bread, and getting pity from all. Again, the Y.W.C.A. is for young women, but occasionally women without the slightest claim to youth make use of its boarding establishments, and it is usually from this class of women that the complaints emanate. In the first place, they forget the price they pay for food is considerably below the average, and they are annoyed if the menu does not include the same number of courses as are provided in a first-class hotel in town. Again, the rent of bedrooms is exceedingly small, so that one can hardly grumble if this does not include much service, and one has to perform minor duties for oneself in one's room. I myself have lived for nearly two years in a Y.W. Home, and I cannot speak too highly of it, I have always had the greatest kindness shown me, and if any of the boarders are ill, the superintendent and her assistant are untiring in their care and attention. The house is kept scrupulously dean, the food is excellent, there being plenty of good butter, milk, etc., which is often very difficult to get in London lodgings. The sanitary conditions of the house are particularly good, all being modern arrangements, and, above all, there are no aggressive rules flauntingly displayed in the face of a girl, which would make her long to go and do the thing she is forbidden ! We have very cosy bedrooms and cubicles, there is a nice drawing-room, with comfortable chairs and lounges, and in the winter we have very pleasant evenings and as big a fire as we want. I think all the boarders have a very real love for the superintendent and her assistant, and there is never any restraint upon the girls in their presence. If a boarder wishes to write letters or to study, there is a room set apart in the house for that purpose. One of the chief causes of complaint in a Y.W. Home is the fact that the house is closed early, but surely it is only fit and proper that a young girl should have some sort of supervision. A girl who thinks she can come in and out of a house at any time of night soon loses her character, and character is the most precious thing in the world to a girl—if she once loses that, she has lost all. If a boarder wishes to be out late at night, she can make arrangements with the superintendent, and there need be no difficulty about extension, as the door will always be left open for her. Looking at this question from a health standpoint, girls who have to turn out early in the morning require a certain amount of sleep to fit them for their work. These restrictions may be rather galling to a woman of forty or fifty years of age, but I would point out to her that these Homes were never meant for her, but for the younger girl or woman, who needs the protection and care which the Young Women's Christian Association provides for her. A Y.W.C.A. Boarder. [In view of our knowledge of the inadequacy and unsuitability of the housing accommodation for women in London, we are pleased to publish the above article from a Y.W.C.A. boarder, who has a different experience of a Y.W.C.A. home, from the one published in an earlier issue of this paper. It is needless to say, that all organisations attempting to deal seriously with housing of women has our warmest support.—Ed.]. 392 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 Distant and Random Shots. IMAGINATION is the tether of the soul. "The boldest is always the wisest policy," said Napoleon. " The largest is always the truest sentiment," said Emerson. Vehement condemnation of a fault or vice often argues its presence, or predilection, in the condemner. Sensuality insults the soul by ignoring it. To shirk a duty is to draw a draft upon the soul, which must be paid with interest. When poetry condenses, it becomes symbol. Symbol is the form or body of reality. False or artificial symbols (as in Maeterlinck's "Blue Bird ") are symbols of symbols, shadows of shadows. There is a correspondence between the physique of an author and his style : Stevenson (disjointed), Gibbon (corpulent), Milton (sinuous, well-knit), Caesar (attenuated). The style is always the man. Perfection is reality. The storms of life divulge buried treasures. Endeavour is positive, suffering negative. Endeavour makes strong, suffering wise. The strong are intolerant in youth ; the weak in age. Suffering is obstruction, joy expression. Anguish is dumb. Milton's Satan was too eloquent to remain in hell. "Whom God loveth He chasteneth." Who is chastened of God loves God. Prose is to poetry as walking or running is to dancing. Sentiment is the shadow of emotion. Sentiment is controllable; emotion is not. Love gives ; hate would take. Imagination is the atmosphere of the soul. Fancy paints the surface, imagination the soul. Imagination makes an object subjective, and the external internal. Poetry has paradox. Milton writes : " The proud shipwracks of the Spanish Armado." Poetry is the effect of the contact of the material and spiritual spheres, of common sense and uncommon sense. All manifestations of power are born of contact ; and the greater the difference of the contacting elements, the greater is the manifestation. The most individualised men are the most representative men. Sublimity is imagination in large prospect. Great men of action pass through external phases, often ending in the tragic, or St. Helena, phase. Great men of thought pass through internal states, often culminating in the serene, or " Tempest," state. Poetry is the grouping of words in such an order and relativity that their original, or pristine, sense is revealed, with a transcendental addition. The mystery of life is the mystery of the impulsion of life into matter, of force into form. The mystery of Art is the mystery of the crystallising of spirit, or reality, into verse (imitation of speech), sculpture (imitation of bodily form), etc. E. H. VISIAK. AN APPEAL. The International Suffrage Shop has twice had its windows broken, and the loss of business is heavy. We earnestly appeal to all readers to support us in every way they can. We ask them to call and see our excellent Stock of Books and to order all their literature through us. We are prompt and reliable. We are working for Feminism. 15. ADAM street. strand, w.c. Sir Almroth Wright on Militant Hysteria. WE give below the copy of Sir Almroth Wright's letter to the Times, which is commented upon in this week's leading article : To the Editor of The Times. Sir,—For man the physiology and psychology of woman is full of difficulties. He is not a little mystified when he encounters in her periodically recurring phases of hypersensitiveness, unreasonableness, and loss of the sense of proportion. He is frankly perplexed when confronted with a complete alteration of character in a woman who is child-bearing". When he is a witness of the " tendency of woman to morally warp when nervously ill," and of the terrible physical havoc which the pangs of a disappointed love may work, he is appalled. And it leaves on his mind an eerie feeling when he sees serious and long-continued mental disorders developing in connection with the approaching extinction of a woman's reproductive faculty. No man can close his eyes to these things ; but he does not feel at liberty to speak of them. For the woman that God gave him is not his to give away. As for woman herself she makes very light of any of these mental upsettings. She perhaps smiles a little at them. The woman of the world will even gaily assure you that " of course, half the women in London have to be shut up when they come to the change of life." None the less, these upsettings of her mental equilibrium are the things that a woman has most cause to fear ; and no doctor can ever lose sight of the fact that the mind of woman is always threatened with danger from the reverberations of her physiological emergencies. It is with such thoughts that the doctor lets his eyes rest upon the militant suffragist. He cannot shut them to the fact that there is mixed up with the woman's movement much mental disorder ; and he cannot conceal from himself the physiological emergencies which lie behind. The recruiting field for the militant suffragists is the half million of our excess female population—that hall-million which had better long ago have gone out to mate with its complement of men beyond the sea. Among them there are the following different types of woman. First—let us put them first—come a class of women who hold, with minds otherwise unwarped, that they may, whenever it is to their advantage, lawfully resort to physical violence. The programme, as distinguished from the methods, of these women is not very different from that of the ordinary suffragist woman. There file past next a class of women who have all their life-long been strangers to joy, women in whom instincts long suppressed have in the end broken into flame. These are the sexually embittered women in whom everything has turned into gall and bitterness of heart and hatred of men. Their legislative programme is license for themselves or else restrictions for man. Next there file past the incomplete. One side of their nature has undergone atrophy, with the result that they have lost touch with their living fellow-men and women. Their programme is to convert the whole world into an epicene institution—an epicene institution in which man and woman shall everywhere work side by side at the self-same tasks and for the self-same pay. These wishes can never by any possibility be realised. Even in animals —I say even, because in these at least one of the sexes has periods of complete quiescence—male and female cannot be safely worked side by side, except when they are incomplete. While in the human species safety can be obtained, it can be obtained only at the price of continual constraint. And even then, woman, though she protests that she does not require it, and that she does not receive it, practically always does receive differential treatment at the hands of man. It would be well, I often think, that every woman should be clearly told—and the woman of the world will immediately understand—that when a man sets his face against the proposal to bring in an epicene world he does so because he can do his best work only in surroundings where he is perfectly free from suggestion and from restraint, and from the onus which all differential treatment imposes. And I may add in connection with my own profession that when a medical man asks that he should not be the yoke-fellow of a medical woman he does so because he would wish to keep up as between men and women—even when they are doctors—some of the modesties and reticences upon which our civilisation has been built up. April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 393 Now the medical woman is, of course, never on the side of modesty, or in favour of any reticences. Her desire for knowledge does not allow of these. Inextricably mixed up with the types which we have been discussing is the type of woman whom Dr. Leonard Williams's recent letter brought so distinctly before our eyes—the woman who is poisoned by her misplaced self-esteem, and who flies out at every man who does not pay homage to her intellect. She is the woman who is affronted when a man avers that for him the glory of woman lies in her power of attraction, in her capacity for motherhood, and in unswerving allegiance to the ethic9 which are special to her sex. 1 have heard such an intellectually-embittered woman say, though a man had taken her to wife, that " never in the whole course of her life had a man ever as much as done her a kindness." The programme of this type of woman is, as a preliminary, to compel man to admit her claim to be his intellectual equal, and, that done, to compel him to divide up everything with her to the last farthing, and so make her also his financial equal. And her journals exhibit to us the kind of Parliamentary representative she desiderates. He humbly, hat in hand, asks for his orders from a knot of washerwomen standing arms a-kimbo. Following in the wake of these embittered human beings come troops of girls just grown up. All these will assure you, these young girls—and what is seething in their minds is stirring also in the minds in the girls in the colleges and schools which are staffed by unmarried suffragists—that woman has suffered all manner of indignity and injustice at the hands of man. And these young girls have been told about the intellectual and moral and financial value of woman—such tales as it never entered into the heart of man to conceive. The programme of these young women is to be married upon their own terms. Men shall—so runs their scheme—work for their support—to that end giving up his freedom and putting himself under orders for many hours of the day ; but they themselves must not be asked to give up any of their liberty to him, or to subordinate themselves to his interests or to obey him in anything. To obey a man would be to commit the unpardonable sin. It is not necessary in connection with a movement which proceeds on the lines set out above any further to labour the point that there is in it an element of mental disorder. It is plain that it is there. There is also a quite fatuous element in the programmes of the militant suffragist. We have this element, for instance, in the doctrine that, notwithstanding the fact that the conditions of the labour market deny it to her, Woman ought to receive the same wage as a man for the same Work. This doctrine is fatuous, because it leaves out of sight that, even if woman succeeds in doing the same work as man, he has behind him a much larger reserve of physical strength. As soon as a time of strain comes, a reserve of strength and freedom from periodic indisposition is worth paying extra for. Fatuous also is the dogma that woman ought to have the same pay for the same work—fatuous because it leaves out of sight that woman's commercial value in many of the best fields of work is subject to a very heavy discount by reason of the fact that she cannot, like a male employee, work cheek by jowl with a male employer, nor work among men as a man with his fellow-employees. So much for the woman suffragist's protest that can conceive of no reason for a differential rate of pay for man. Quite as fatuous are the marriage projects of the militant suffragist. Every woman of the world could tell her— whispering it into her private ear—-that if a sufficient number of men should come to the conclusion that it was not worth their while to marry except on the terms of fair give-and-take, the suffragist woman's demands would have to come down. It is not at all certain that the institution of matrimony—which, after all, is the great instrument in the levelling up of the financial situation of woman—can endure apart from some willing subordination on the part of the wife. It will have been observed that there is in these programmes, in addition to the element of mental disorder and to the element of the fatuous, which have been animadverted upon, also a very ugly element of dishonesty. In reality the very kernel of the militant suffrage movement is the element of immorality. There is here not only immorality in the ends which are in view, but also in the methods adopted for the attainment of those ends. We may restrict ourselves to indicating wherein lies the immorality of the methods. There is no one who does not discern that woman in her relations to physical force stands in quite a different position to man. Out of that different relation there must of necessity shape itself a special code of ethics for woman. And to violate that code must be for woman immorality. So far as I have seen, no one in this controversy has laid his finger upon the essential point in the relations of woman to physical violence. It has been stated—and in the main quite truly stated—that woman in the mass cannot, like man, back up her vote by bringing physical force into play. But the woman suffragist here counters by insisting that she, as an individual, may have more pnysical force than an individual man. And it is quite certain—and it did not need suffragist raids and window-breaking riots to demonstrate it—that women in the mass can bring a certain amount of physical force to bear. The true inwardness of the relation in which woman stands to physical force lies not in the question of her having it at command, but in the fact that she cannot put it forth without placing herself within the jurisdiction of an ethical law. The law against which she offends when she resorts to physical violence is not an ordinance of man, it is not written on the statutes of any State, it has not been enunciated by any human law-giver. It belongs to those unwritten and unassailable and irreversible commandments of religion, agrapta kasphale theon vomna, which we suddenly and mysteriously become aware of when we see them violated. The law which the militant suffragist has violated is among the ordinances of that code which forbade us even to think of employing our native Indian troops against the Boers, which brands it as an ignominy when a man leaves his fellow in the lurch and saves his own life, and which makes it an outrage for a man to do violence to a woman. To violate any ordinance of that code is more dishonourable than to transgress every statutory law. We see acknowledgment of it in the fact that even the uneducated man in the street resents it as an outrage to civilisation when he sees a man strike a blow at a woman. But to the man who is committing the outrage it is a thing simply unaccountable that any one should fly out at him. In just such a case is the militant suffragist. She cannot understand why anyone should think civilisation is outraged when she scuffles in the street mud with a policeman. If she asks for an explanation it perhaps behoves a man to supply it. Up to the present, in the whole civilised world there has ruled a truce of God as between man and woman. That truce is based upon the solemn covenant that within the frontiers of civilisation (outside them, of course, the rule lapses) the weapon of physical force may not be applied by man against woman, nor by woman against man. Under this covenant the reign of force which prevails in the world without comes to an end when a man enters his household. Under this covenant that half of the human race which most needs protection is raised up above the waves of violence. Within the terms of this compact everything that woman has received from man and everything man receives from woman is given as a free gift. Again, under this covenant a full half of the programme of Christianity has been realised ; and a foundation has been laid upon which it may be possible to build higher, and perhaps finally in the ideal future to achieve the abolition of physical violence and war. And it is this solemn covenant, the covenant so faithfully kept by man, which has been violated by the militant suffragist in the interest of her morbid, stupid, ugly, and dishonest programmes. Is it wonder if men feel that they have had enough of the militant suffragist, and that the State would be well rid of her if she were crushed under the soldiers' shields like the traitor woman at the Tarpeian rock? THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT and Co.. LTD 10 John Street, Adelphi, London, W.G. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .— Yearly, 14s. ; Six Months, 7s. ; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THE FREEWOMAN V, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C 394 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 We have sufficiently considered her, and with her we have considered the thousands of her sympathisers and subscribers. We may turn now to that section of woman suffragists—one is almost inclined to doubt whether it any longer exists—which is opposed to all violent measures, though it numbers in its ranks women who are stung to the quick by the thought that man, who will concede the vote to the lowest and most degraded of his own sex, withholds it from " even the noblest woman in England." When that excited and somewhat pathetic appeal is addressed to us we have only to consider what a vote really gives. The Parliamentary vote is an instrument— and a quite astonishingly disappointing instrument it is— for obtaining legislation ; that is, for directing that the agents of the State shall in certain defined circumstances bring into application the weapon of physical compulsion. Further, the vote is an instrument by which we give to this or that group a statesmen authority to supervise and keep in motion the whole machinery of compulsion. To take examples. A vote cast in favour of a Bill for the prohibition of alcohol—if we could find opportunity for giving a vote on such a question—would be a formal expression of our desire to apply through the agency of the paid servants of the State that same physical compulsion which Mrs. Carrie Nation put into application in her " bar-smashing " crusades. And a vote which puts a Government into office in a country where murder is punishable by death is a vote which, by agency of the hangman, puts the noose round the neck of every convicted murderer. So that the difference between voting and direct resort to force is simply the difference between exerting physical violence in person and exerting it through the intermediary of an agent of the State. The thing, therefore, that is withheld from the noblest woman in England while it is conceded to the man who is lacking in nobility of character is in the end only an instrument by which she might bring into application physical force. When one realises that that same noblest woman of England would shrink from any personal exercise of violence, one would have thought that it would have come home to her that it is not precisely her job to commission a man forcibly to shut up a public-house or to hang a murderer. One cannot help asking oneself whether, if she understood what a vote really means, the noblest woman in England would still go on complaining of the bitter insult which is done to her in withholding the vote. But the opportunist—the practical politician, as he calls himself—will perhaps here intervene, holding some such language as this:—" Granting all you say, granting, for the sake of argument, that the principle of giving votes to woman is unsound, and that evil must ultimately come of it, how can you get over the fact that no very conspicuous harm has resulted from woman suffrage in the countries which have adopted it? And can any firm reasons be rendered for the belief that the giving of votes to women in England would be any whit more harmful than in the Colonies? " A very few words will supply the answer. The evils of woman suffrage lie, first, in the fact that to give the vote to women is to give it to voters who, as a class, are quite incompetent to adjudicate upon political issues ; secondly, in the fact that women are a class of voters who cannot effectively back up their votes by force ; and, thirdly, in the fact that it may seriously embroil man and woman. The first two aspects of the question have already in this controversy been adequately dealt with. There remains the last issue. From the point of view of this issue the conditions which we have to deal with in this country are the absolute antithesis of those ruling in any of the countries and States which have adopted woman suffrage. When woman suffrage was adopted in these countries AN IDEAL RECREATION FOR LADIES. MRS. EDITH GARRUD'S NEW SYSTEM OF JU-JUTSU SPECIALLY ADAPTED TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF EUROPEANS. Terms on application from 9, ARGYLL PLACE, REGENT STREET, WEST. it was adopted in some for one reason, in others for another. In some it was adopted because it appealed to the doctrinaire politician as the proper logical outcome of a democratic and Socialist policy. In others it was adopted because opportunist politicians saw in it an instrument by which they might gain electioneering advantages. So much was this the case that it sometimes happened that the woman's vote was sprung upon a community which was quite unprepared and indifferent to it. The cause of woman suffrage was thus in the countries of which we speak neither in its inception nor in its realisation, a question of revolt of woman against the oppression of man. It had and has no relation to the programmes of the militant suffragists as set out at the outset of this letter. By virtue of this all the evils which spring from the embroiling of man and woman have in the countries in question been conspicuously absent. Instead of seeing himself confronted by a section of embittered and hostile women voters which might at any time outvote him and help to turn an election, man there sees his women-folk voting practically everywhere in accordance with his directions and lending him a hand to outvote his political opponent. Whether or no such voting is for the good of the common weal is beside our present question. But it is clearly an arrangement which leads to amity and peace between a man and his womenkind, and through these to goodwill towards all women. In England everything is different. If woman suffrage comes in here it will have come as a surrender to a very violent feminist agitation—an agitation which we have traced back to our excess female population and the associated abnormal physiological conditions. If ever Parliament concedes the vote to woman in England it will be accepted by the militant suffragist, not as an eirenicon, but as a victory which she will value only for the better carrying on of her fight à outrance against the oppression and injustice of man. A conciliation with hysterical revolt is neither an act of peace nor will it bring peace. Nor would the conferring of the vote upon women carry with it any advantages from the point of view of finding a way out of the material entanglements in which woman is enmeshed, and thus ending the war between man and woman. One has only to ask oneself whether or not it would help the legislator in remodelling the divorce or the bastardy laws if he had conjoined with him an unmarried militant suffragist as assessor. Peace will come again. It will come when woman ceases to believe and to teach all manner of evil of man despitefully. It will come when she ceases to impute to him as a crime her own natural disabilities, when she ceases to resent the fact that man cannot and does not wish to work side by side with her. And peace will return when every woman for whom there is no room in England seeks " rest " beyond the sea, " each one in the house of her husband," and when the woman who remains in England comes to recognise that she can without sacrifice of dignity give a willing subordination to the husband or father, who, when all is said and done, earns and lays up money for her. A. E. Wright. March 27th, 1912. LOVE ETERNAL. She sang at the shrine of Osiris, To greet the Prince of Jeem ; Her mouth was a crimson-breathed iris, Her face a living dream. And they loved in the heathen ages, Before men knew the Cross— They loved and were buried together In the days of Abydos. She sang to the music of Handel, To please the Lord of Orme ; Her hair was as dusk as the sandal, Her eyes were dim with storm. And they loved in the cultured city, Beneath the heavy Cross, As they loved by the Pagan sistra In the days of Abydos. Regina Miriam Bloch. April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 395 Correspondence. THE SERVILE STATE. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I am after wasting over three hundred words in endeavouring to refute the " servile state " argument you bring forward in answer to my letter in last week's issue. But the length of the letter made me pause to reflect, and I have decided that the onus of proof lies upon you. It rests with you to show the necessary and inevitable connection between slavery and a high degree of social organisation. It is unnecessary, in these days of railway strikes and coal strikes, to assert that we do not maintain ourselves individually ; we maintain each other. What is the condition of maintenance? Generally, but not by any means always, the condition is that we render some service in return for our maintenance. Is there any logical connection between the service we render and the recompense we receive? No. Some of us get a high standard of maintenance in return for no service ; others get a low standard in return for great services. There obviously ought to be some means of adjusting recompense to service, and the most reasonable suggestion is surely that we should use the same machinery to make this adjustment as we have used to make other adjustments in our social relationships, that is, the machinery of State. Now, madam, I think it rests with you to show that such a use of the State necessarily, or even probably, results in slavery. For the present I am content to point out that lack of such organisation has always been accompanied by slavery for somebody ; that when the State does regulate the general standard of living, as when it pays me my salary as a civil servant, or when it establishes a minimum wage for chainmakers, it does not impose slavery ; and that even when the State fixes the standard of living in a particular matter, as when it medically inspects its school children, it encourages freedom rather than slavery. If a better organisation of society would greatly increase our resources, and if that organisation would not bring a greater evil in slavery, then at least one of your arguments against the Endowment of Motherhood falls to the ground. The Endowment of Childhood does not, I agree, involve the Endowment of Motherhood in its entirety. But children require care before they are born, and I cannot see how you are to secure proper care to the unborn child without securing proper care for its mother, for example, by limiting her freedom to work at laborious trades, and by maintaining her whilst she is not at work—in a word, by endowing her in some way or other. All your arguments against the other form of endowment apply also to this ; so I fear your scheme of Endowment of Children will not begin at the beginning. My difficulty in reading The Freewoman and in arguing with her is that I do not know at all clearly what she wants. Freedom, I know, is her ideal, and she seems to regard earning one's own living as a condition precedent. But many women are working for their living, and yet are very far from freedom. How is she going to remove the impediments to liberty? What are those impediments? Which are the gates to liberty, and how are they to be opened? A clear envisagement of the next step does not obscure the ideal—even when that ideal is so poor a thing as the glorification of the human individual, with its impossible " self-sought, self-conceived, self-achieved " products of the mind ! March 31st, 1912. R. J. P. Mortished. [We are very glad that our correspondent has put his finger on the really salient part of the argument. It needs emphasising. We in no way object to the onus of proof being laid on us, and shall be happy to offer such as early as we conveniently can in the pages of The Freewoman. It is the old case of the Minority versus the Majority ; the Individual versus the Community; Anarchy versus Socialism. Each litigant has its claim, but freedom weights the scales in favour of the former. In a high state of civilisation, it would be the ideal of government to organise environment, so that, if a man chose, he could be comfortable and prosperous. Man himself is not, or should not be, a permanently organisable animal. Hence our objection to the idea underlying Mr. Mortished's statement that "all women should be maintained by the State, in every case, in return for some service, and in a condition, however good or bad, to be regulated by the State,"—Ed.] SEX-EQUALITY AND THE CONCILIATION BILL. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I am sorry I have not been so fortunate as to make myself understood. I was under the impression that my Suffrage points at least would be perfectly clear to anyone really conversant with the subject. You evidently confuse the just administration of franchise laws with extension of the franchise, two things which have not necessarily any connection. The demand of Suffragists is for the removal of the sex disqualification, which debars women, otherwise qualified, from voting at Parliamentary elections, and this demand has on several occasions received the theoretical approval of the House of Commons. The " Conciliation Bill compact " was entered into between Suffragist members of that House on the one hand, and Suffragists generally outside of the House on the other, with a view, if possible, to obtaining some practical demonstration of that theoretical support of the principle of sex equality, by the bringing of existing franchise laws, so far, into line with it. Pending the result of this attempt, from which there was much to gain and nothing to lose, hostilities were suspended by the militant sections of the Suffrage movement. The betrayal occurred when, avowedly, at the instigation of Mr. Lloyd George—whose interest lies not in the just administration of franchise laws, but merely in adding Liberal voters to the electoral roll—Mr. Asquith deliberately " torpedoed " the Conciliation Bill compact by shifting the basis of the Suffrage position to that of franchise extension, and announcing his intention of asking the House of Commons definitely to confirm the principle of sex-inequality by bestowing the right of the franchise upon all men—with or without the accompaniment of the privilege of some votes to women as the case might be. Under such conditions, the success or failure of the Conciliation Bill was rendered of comparatively little importance. Other Suffrage societies are apparently willing to accept an unequal Reform Bill—the most hopeful friend in the Cabinet has held out no prospect of more than all men— some (more or less) women being included in it. The Women's Social and Political Union alone has repudiated any extension of the franchise upon lines other than those of absolute sex-equality—which, I hold, justifies my remarks concerning it and its recent actions. On the other matter in my letter upon which you comment, you express difficulty in understanding upon what grounds I consider that Trades Union are built up upon the compulsion of coercion. Surely it is common knowledge that the acting, if not the theoretical policy of the trades unionist, is to make working life unbearable for non-unionists, until they are driven to join their forces with his ; and " bullying " is certainly not an inappropriate term to use regarding those who will even resort to physical violence against the man who claims the right to work on his own lines. I would commend a less biased reading of reports of rioting during Labour disputes, if you find difficulty in justifying talk of " hooliganism attaching itself " to such. I can hardly suppose you justify wanton destruction of property and personal assaults as necessary adjuncts of the strike proper. And to conclude, perhaps you will enlighten me as to the hidden meaning of your remark, " To our mind, all this is playing with fire, and all the more dangerous because it appears so assured it is playing with dead ashes." I confess this is too enigmatic for my poor comprehension. March 30th, 1912. I. D. Pearce. [In regard to the Conciliation Bill (peace be with its ashes!), we are inclined to consider such arguments as the patching up, after the event, of what was at the time merely a haphazard line of action. The Suffrage Societies, following the lead of the W.S.P.U., put their entire energies into it, thereby causing much disturbance of former arguments insisting on sex-equality. With their support of the Conciliation Bill, they dropped their advocacy of the principle of unswerving sex-equality, yet our correspondent says that they had thereby "much to gain and nothing to lose." This may have been so, but if so, the principle of sex-equality ranks as nothing, for it was there to be lost. However, in the light of events all this is perhaps trivial. Our " enigmatical " statement which our correspondent refers to means this : That men on strike are not like doorposts, things you can discuss openly without causing any alteration in attitude; that to. talk about riotous conduct, military law, and the like, among men who are suffering bitterly in support of a principle, who are 396 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 labouring under a sense of injustice, who have practised a restraint which is phenomenal, is tantamount to taunting them into an impulsive throwing off of restraint ; and that for any such action we should plead justification for the men, on the ground that they were put to a strain beyond human endurance, and that responsibility for such strain should be ascribed directly to those persons who used unnecessarily aggravating language about the employment of the military as a factor in the settlement of strikes.—Ed.] © © $ ENDOWMENT OF MOTHERHOOD. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Perhaps the reason why your criticisms appear so extraordinarily less convincing to me than to yourself is that they have their root in the notion that " earning money " means (for women) the pursuit of some career like letters, art, or medicine, which is compatible with satisfactory motherhood simultaneously, or at least with the saving up of a sum sufficient to admit of a few years of mothering in independence from the father. The women who can earn money so may be the salt of the earth, but they are a negligible number in the problem of how to populate the country. To the women with whom we are primarily concerned, your phrase, " saving for motherhood as you would for a holiday," can only mean " saving as you could for a Bank Holiday." Can they rear children on these savings? Yet if they do not rear children on savings they cannot rear them at all. They can bear children at the risk of losing their employment, but the rearing (much the larger half of motherhood) must be done by a woman who is not "employed." "Motherhood," in your columns, seems to mean the bearing of children in a house equipped with a nursery and a servant. You speak of it is a demoralisingly soft job, compared with " earning " a livelihood. You should try to rear a single baby till the age of two or three without anyone to cook, wash, or sew either for it or for you. If you do that at all you will give proof of greater industry than any journalist or any mill girl, and if you do it well you will prove your capacity in a profession whose worth and whose difficulty is surpassed by few. Even if you were to get 30s. a week from the State for doing that work, I venture to think that it would do more "for the good of your soul" than "earning your livelihood" as a lady's maid, or as a vendor, or maker of hats that cost ten times your own weekly wage. When you declare that " a child can NOT be decently brought up " on the income which our national wealth would allow per head (about £20), you state something quite true according to our middle-class standard of "decency," but your statement has no relevance to the argument. The method adopted for supporting mothers and their children may greatly affect their freedom and happiness, but it cannot perceptibly alter the national income per capita. For a rise in that we must look to Socialism, Tariff Reform, Intensive Agriculture, the abolition of military and naval waste, or to whatever economic panacea you may prefer. We need not wait for the introduction of that panacea before we take the next steps along the path of recognising the State's duty as "over-parent" to all infants. Is it not rather perverse of you to picture State Endowment as coming full-fledged in a great scheme with excessive payments, so that there will be a sudden rush into motherhood, bankrupting the State before it has time to reduce the inducements? Your eloquent conclusion is : " We must resist the Endowment because it is not good for us. We can effect bolder things." I reply that self-supporting motherhood means doing two women's work for one woman's pay. It will always be an impossibility for any ordinary woman of the people to do double work properly. Therefore the choice must remain between payment by the State, payment by a man (or both of these), and no motherhood at all. You seem in your heart to prefer the last alternative. " for our soul's sake." But is it really a "better and bolder thing " to be a machinist than a mother--a mother who rears as well as bears. Russell Scott. (1) It is best of all to be an independent, self-supporting human being, because then you can choose whether you will be a machinist or a mother, or both or neither. (2) Most women can bear children (and should, if they have a desire, and think themselves fit), but to rear children is a specialised profession requiring temperament and training. (3) Rearing children is not essentially a human mother's work. (4) We have stated no objections to the view that the State should become "over-parent" of the children, because we have none. Our arguments are solely in reference to mothers—adults. We have stated that the State should be responsible for crèche, kindergarten, school, and university, and should become so here and now, if we can so induce it to do. Even at present, the State, in a fashion, and after a certain age, educates children, feeds them, and is beginning to doctor them. This system must lengthen out in either direction, and broaden and deepen, and so set free the mother (unless she chooses to be a kindergartner or teacher) to do her own work. (5) The relevancy of our arguments to the statement that the average productiveness per capita was only £20 lies in this : The average is extremely small, in spite of the fact that many men work hard. Its smallness is accounted for by the fact that there are so many persons doing non-productive work, the chief sinners in this respect being women. The " work " they are engaged in doing is mostly highly unintelligent drudgery—not productive in the true sense—not therefore worth 30s. per week. (6) We think our correspondent makes a mistake in thinking we have in mind chiefly middle-class women, or women with middle-class means. We had in mind, for instance, the Lancashire cotton operatives, a large and increasing proportion of them are married women, who in struggling to keep their independence put their babies in charge of a grandmother, or a suitable old woman. This is not an ideal arrangement, but it is a makeshift in a transition period. The crèche and public nursery will doubtless soon make it obsolete. The difficult time is the present, and Freewoman mothers have to face the difficulties of pioneers. The unmarried mother would have the added difficulty in the birth of her child of being ostracised by society, and so only having the few meagre avenues to lucrative toil which already exist close to her. Only determination, personality, and the luck which sometimes attends the brave, can befriend her. This is the lot of the pioneer. Q 9 9 THE REMEDY? To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—If it is desirable that women should know the truth about life, and thus be driven out of the Fools' Paradise in which most of them live, we must thank Mr. Walter Gallichan for the information conveyed in his two articles on "Unclassed Women." He does not, however, as far as I can judge, suggest a remedy for this state of things ; perhaps, because, from the man's point of view, no remedy is needed, the present condition being exactly suited to his requirements, viz., an ample supply of " pretty, amiable girls, well versed in all the arts of feminine fascination," to enliven the years of his single life, and a goodly number of well-brought-up maidens of his own class to choose from, should it eventually please him to give up the varied joys of bachelorhood for the monotony of monogamy. I wish, however, that Mr. Gallichan had told us in what way " the mothers of the community, the straight women, the shielded wives of the respectable home, are accountable for a traffic whose very name is spoken of in hushed tones." If he means to ascribe it to their coldness, this surely arises from their knowledge of men's pre-nuptial liaisons, for nothing can be so damping to passion as the fact that the love which should be their due as wives has already been lavished on their predecessors. Men, being accustomed to share their light-o'-loves with other men, cannot, of course, understand, or in any way appreciate, the women's imperative demand for exclusive possession. On such terms only can she have true peace of mind, for the consciousness that her husband has been closely associated with women of loose life takes away all sense of security in his affections. If this is essentially a woman's question as Mr Gallichan says it is, it is desirable that it should be thrashed out, so that the " straight women " may realise their proper sphere and their relative position in their husbands' lives, as compared with that of "the great un classed." Some of your readers have protested against the discussion of sex questions in your paper, but this to my mind, gives it its unique value, for " straight women " as a rule, are deplorably ignorant. April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 397 If prostitution is indispensable to man's happiness, as it appears to be, this fact should be brought forcibly home to unmarried women, so that they may realise, before marriage, the task they are undertaking. Obedience, being a voluntary act, can be given in fulfilment of the promise made at the altar, and in return for benefits received, but what about love and honour? It is hardly credible that men, otherwise discerning, can fail to realise the repulsion their self-indulgence gives rise to in the feelings of most women, more especially in the case of the warm-hearted, affectionate ones. The poor soul who looks on marriage as the crown and consummation of love is doomed to disappointment, for, instead of reigning supreme in her husband's heart, as she, in her pre-nuptial ignorance, anticipated, she finds herself to be only one of a series. This often causes either a strong revulsion of feeling or the torments of jealousy, and leads to much unhappiness. Although the theory of " necessity " is the excuse given for masculine incontinency, and is no doubt at the foundation of it, there is also man's firm conviction that it is positively desirable, and in every way beneficial, to have had experience of " life," as it is called, before settling down. Many women are insisting on a higher moral standard, but, being so superabundant in this country, they have little chance of making their wishes felt, otherwise one would imagine that men would care to please those whom they profess to love. At present there is a great chasm between the two. How can it be bridged over? Perhaps Mr. Gallichan can tell us. Veturia. March 27th, 1912. j| I I WELLSIAN PROTOTYPES OF FREEWOMEN. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—I have followed with interest the debate of The Freewoman versus Mr. H. G. Wells, and affirm that, as far as I am concerned, The Freewoman has knocked the bottom out of the Endowment of Motherhood, in which formerly, without ever having seriously studied the subject, I vaguely believed—for other women, bien entendu. As for myself, the love of independence is, and has always been, the ruling passion of my life. I cannot conceive of myself as becoming voluntarily dependent on any person or body of persons. I have, however, no pretensions to being an exceptional woman, and your arguments have shown me—what ought to have been glaringly obvious to me before—that what isn't good enough for me isn't good enough for other women. As for Mr. Wells, much as I admire the bulk of his work, he has never yet, in my humble opinion, portrayed any woman worthy of the name. His women are either that figment of man's imagination—the sweet, clinging, submissive woman (in reality a cold, calculating schemer who has fully realised the market value of " weakness " and cajolery), or that Wellsian nightmare, Ann Veronica, with her diluted understudy, the Isabel of "The New Machiavelli." As regards Isabel, she is, at best, a shadowy character. I don't mind her ruining the career of the great (?) statesman (whose statesmanship, by the way, instead of wasting itself in academic conjectures as to whether it was Liberal or Conservative, might, for his own convenience and others, have taken the form of a vigorous propaganda against effete divorce laws) but I strongly object to the skulking manner in which she first embarks on her passionate adventure. As for Ann Veronica, if she is an advanced woman, I hope I am not advanced nor ever shall be; she is a tissue of absurdities and inconsistencies—a monstrosity on which Mr. Wells has saddled all his lurid ideas of what constitutes a free woman. She pours out all the (presumed) strength of her woman's passion on a man who informs her unblushingly that he has cheapened all his emotions by shabby vice ; and then when she has triumphantly gone off in the teeth of the world with the man of her choice, she hasn't even the courage of her act—for we learn that, until she has, by some unrevealed means, regularised her union, she does not dare to have a child ! Mr. Wells, in his last letter to you, shows himself as obsessed as the most moss-grown reactionary with the belief that a woman's sex blocks her whole horizon. He still conceives of her sexual disabilities as rendering her forever dependent on some man or body of men. Let us examine those disabilities. The one common to all women we never hear about as a disability except from men ; in the life of the average working-woman it never makes her miss a day's work, nor diminishes her daily output. (By working women. I meam all self-supporting women, labouring, business, or professional). She may, for a couple of days, work with a certain effort or strain-- as a man does, even more frequently, perhaps, when he has a bilious attack as the result of over-eating or drinking—but nobody knows anything about it, and she asks for no consideration on account of it. (In a franker, humaner society, people would know about it, and consideration be very willingly accorded, but what I maintain is, that it doesn't diminish a woman's productive value.) As for maternity, Mr. Wells overlooks the fact that free working women will, either by natural or artificial means, avoid having children frequently, and will never, probably, have more than three. Say that a woman has three children at intervals of three years, and is considered disabled for a month before and a month after confinement, that makes six months out of her whole life that her sex will prevent her from engaging in productive work. Any capable worker—and I submit that women do prove very capable in work for which they have been adequately prepared—can claim and be willingly allowed two months sick leave three times in a lifetime. As for rearing her children, she will rear them as rich or independent women do now—by trained proxy, her motherhood showing itself, as fatherhood does, in various human ways, and not primarily by sewing on the little one's buttons or wiping their noses! As regards the suggestion that certain women should be set aside for regularly bearing children to the State— what sort of women would be found to engage in this inhuman profession? Mr. Wells would have to invent a new human machine for the purpose—machines and curious inventions being his strong line—for woman as she is at present constituted {not as Mr. Wells believes her constituted) would not fit into the scheme. No, let us try first being free working women, with the same preparation for productive work as men before we throw up the sponge and subside into endowed motherhood. So much for Mr. Wells ; now for The Freewoman. You do, I notice, in your reply to Mr. Wells, admit that men might be reasonably expected to go halves in supporting the children to whose life they had contributed, but the whole trend of your arguments hitherto has seemed to me to support the theory that children belong exclusively to the mother, and that she alone is responsible for their maintenance. I cannot admit this either on human or on economic grounds. Setting aside the negligible number of women who want children, quite apart from love for any man, I think it just as absurd to expect women to embark on the adventure of motherhood, unaided by the father of her children, as it is absurd now to expect a young man earning a moderate salary to embark on a marriage which means the unaided support of a wife and family. In love and marriage, both men and women should be able to support themselves and bear their respective shares in the support of as many children as they want and can afford. We know men have a bad reputation sexually—so many of them strive so consistently to deserve it—but we must not overlook the fact that there are vast numbers of " nice " men who love cleanly, and contribute in personality and emotion an important quota to the life of their children. To such men, who have generally the tenderest feeling for their offspring—the suggestion that their children are not really theirs would be an unbearable one. For women to take up this attitude would be quite inhuman, as well as absurd from practical standpoints. In the matter of a dispute about the children, the casting vote should certainly be given to the mother, and there should be every safeguard that, in case of separation, the mother should have all the children if she wanted them, and be able still to claim for half of their support, if she wanted it. But, except where the father turned out a very base specimen (in which case the woman should be entitled— always if she needed it and wanted to—to apply to the State for the father's contribution), the father's share in his children should be a ceaseless connection, and he should be granted full facilities, even if separated from the mother, to see and interest himself in them. All this seems to me very obvious, and no doubt you are quite with me in the matter, but I should like to see this point of view a little more emphasised in your paper. Finally and completely to change the subject, dare I venture to suggest that the study, " The Wife," in your last issue, is rather a crude contribution to an advanced women's paper. What does it purport to teach? Does it countenance a man's dividing himself between a wife and a mistress, or approve of a woman beggarly craving something that a man has shown himself incapable of giving her? To distinguish between a wife and a misstress in such a connection, seems to me absolutely irrelevant. It was a simple case of physical incompatibility. The man had proved attractive to the woman, but the woman had failed to prove physically attractive to the 398 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 man. Such things will happen sometimes, even to freewomen, and it will help them nothing to rage into the cushions of their divans over* such ordinary human irregularities. They will have to do what rejected suitors and feminine victims of unrequited love have had to do from time immemorial—retire as proudly as possible, leaving the victors in possession of the field. March 24th, 1912. E. M. Watson. [In relation to the last paragraph of the above letter, it is perhaps necessary to point out— (1) That we are responsible only for the views expressed in unsigned articles. (2) It is as much the work of The Freewoman to portray aspects of life (if they are truthful) which are repugnant to us, as it is to give indications of aspects which we hope will supersede these.—Ed.]  A REPLY. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—If you ask me categorically " when and under what circumstances " opportunities (I did not say " facilities ") for men and women to study sex questions cleanly and scientifically have been "provided," I cannot answer. Perhaps you are right, and they have never been "provided," only made. Opportunity comes to each one of us in its own way. I am not begging the question in saying this. I really believe it is a case of " according to thy faith (or, rather, pluck) be it unto thee." People, to a large extent, make their opportunities. Facilities they simply enjoy. One of your correspondents ("Gideon ")—dealing with another subject—says, "Why all this fuss? Woman is as free as man himself—she doesn't think so, that is all." On the whole, few things are forbidden by law, and if we are not brave enough to defy obsolete customs, we must blame ourselves. Christabel Pankhurst, 'tis true, cannot yet officially use her legal knowledge, but she has acquired it. I take it there were women-doctors (if knowledge entitles them to the name) long ere women were legally permitted to practise medicine. Where there's a will there's a way, and the sex-love some of us have, in the past, wrung from THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost. ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C, life, in spite of obstacles (and, craving your pardon, before the advent of The Freewoman!), is not likely to be superficial—it has cost too much. However, not being myself made of brave pioneer stuff, I am heartily grateful to The Freewoman for the facilities she affords us. No one appreciates them more than I do, even if I was ungrateful enough to be bored once or twice by a too unvaried menu ! March 31st, 1912. Coralie M. Boord. ss ss and WOMEN IN "MIXED" TRADE UNIONS. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—My attention has just been drawn to an article in your columns signed "Various Hands," in which there is at least one misstatement of fact, and a point of view, unfortunately taken by many feminists, with which I venture to disagree. The National Union of Clerks has opened its ranks to women, and has preached the theory of equal pay for equal work since its formation. It is well that this fact should be at once understood. I am not suggesting that the average male member of the N.U.C. approves of this because he is a lover of justice. He agitates for equality of pay because he is a man of intelligence, and realises that he must safeguard himself against the blackleg, man or woman. The question of whether women should join the men's unions or should form unions of their own is an open one, and one which I am continually debating with my feminist friends. The great argument against mixed unions, from the women's standpoint, is that the women's point of view is necessarily overshadowed and her interests overlooked. For this women themselves are to blame. The remedy does not lie in forming unions of our own and fighting our men comrades and the employers. The employers are a strong enough body to attack for a long time to come, and it will need all the concentrated effort we possess to have any effect on them. The true remedy lies in a strong, effective union of men and women, the latter, alert always to their peculiar interests, standing out for their right to work, as against their right to be kept by male relatives, and always ready to put forward their point of view. I am told it is good that women should have societies of their own in which they can take all the official positions and train themselves for public life. This is a very good reason for forming debating societies and other harmless organisations, but a Trade Union is something very much more important. The essence of Trade Unionism is solidarity—the secret of its success is solidarity—not only between men and men, but between the men and women workers of the various trades. So long as women will insist upon remaining away from the men's societies because they have not enough faith in their own personalities, so long will the progressive movement of Trade Unionism be held back. I am myself a woman Civil Servant, and am therefore a member of the organisation which deals particularly with the grievances of Post Office women clerks, and which has been making the life of the Postmaster-General a burden to him recently on the question of "equal pay for equal work, and equal opportunities in the P.O. for women." I agree heartily with all "Various Hands" writes on that subject. I am also a member of the N.U.C, not because it will benefit me in any way, but because I believe that solidarity and the community of interests between workers, men and women, must be insisted upon in the future, especially in the clerical profession, if either the men or the women are to wring anything worth having out of the employing classes. Many apologies for trespassing on your space, Dolly Lansbury. 9 9 • ON THE LOOSE PRINCIPLE. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam—May I conclude my few remarks on the sex question by reiterating my hope that the new "morality" which would permit for women the same degrading laxity in sex matters which is indulged in by most of the lower animals, including man, will be choked and crushed before it grows any stronger? As I said before, I am neither a prude nor a puritan, nor in any way connected or in sympathy with the Bishop of London, and it has long been my desire that the time may soon come when women, like men, may experiment in love without having their whole lives eternally blighted and blasted. I would regard with toleration, and, indeed, with sym- April 4, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 399 pathy, two or three experiments or trials in love, but the idea of habitual sexualpromiscuousness disgusts me, as I'm sure it must all decent people. Neither " A New Subscriber " nor anyone else can convince me that one meets a new soul's affinity every week; they cannot convince me that men and women really love very often (I suppose " A New Subscriber " would dismiss with a sneer any idea so unadvanced as that only love should justify the sexual relationship?). There is far too much wild and careless talking and thinking about freedom and individual liberty, and, me-thinks, that unless we are very careful we shall have men and women " going on the loose " on principle. No one more desires the happiness and freedom (for good) of the human race than I, but I can't believe that real happiness and true freedom can be realised along the lines of greater laxity in sex matters; I can't believe that we should be a happier and a nobler race if the primitive and animal instincts and passions in men and women were allowed and encouraged to run amok without any self-restraint or self-control. I am afraid in her last letter " A New Subscriber " has rather played into my hands. She assures me that she has had a very thorough experience of the decent means of livelihood open to women, which surely suggests that she believes that there are also indecent means of livelihood. As an advocate of "individual liberty" and freedom, she wouldn't surely regard prostitution as an indecent means of livelihood ? but would allow everyone the right to do as they pleased with their own bodies? I am sorry to have forfeited the sympathy of "A New Subscriber," but she has entirely misunderstood and misrepresented me when she says that because I have been disappointed I am determined that there shall be no happy lovers—I should never be such an arrant fool to determine anything of the kind. Nothing gives me so much happiness and pleasure as to know of individuals who are genuinely in love. I am in love myself, and therefore I have that fellow-feeling which makes us wondrous kind, and for my part lovers may have all the sexual liberty and experience that they desire, but I am not yet sufficiently " advanced " to regard love and lust as synonymous terms. March 24th, 1912. Kathlyn Oliver. ® ® ® OUR GREAT SOLEMNITY. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Does Mr. Philip Oyler mean to be funny in his article on "Simple Rules of Health for Adults"? If he does, he is over-successful; if he doesn't, he is more successful still; but he lacks the genius of Katherine Mansfield, whose book, "In a German Pension," is advertised in your review amongst the "Books that Compel." I strongly advise your readers not to miss the chapter entitled "The Luft-Bad," which will enable them to keep their balance in these days of fads ! Oh, for a saving sense of humour, especially in the advanced women of to-day ! I read your review with much interest, and am as keen as anyone that women should come into their own ; but I am more and more struck by the lack of that most necessary sense, especially in the letters of your correspondents. Can't one be earnest and human, too? Personally, I could not face life without seeing the funny side of things, and it has kept me going in many an up-hill fight. Let me add in defence of what I have said, that one of your most ardent supporters has admitted to me this lack of "the one thing needful" in the woman's movement. M. A. F. THE SINGLE-TAX AGAIN. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—A word to Mr. Hunt in reply to his letter in your issue of March 21st, but I cannot keep on repeating why I do not care a straw about "the natural law of exchange," or " natural raw material " (no fields in England come under this designation), and wish I could make it clear to him that it is not difficult to show that land in England has diminished in income-producing value in comparison with other things, and we cannot legislate for the whole world at once. It's no use saying a thing "can't" if it "does." The assertion that labour creates wealth is not a Socialist assertion, because Adam Smith, who is (roughly speaking!) the father of political economy, said it in Book I., Chapter V., of his " Wealth of Nations :—" What every thing really costs to the man who wants to acquire it, is the toil and trouble of acquiring it. . . . [The value of the wealth of the world] to those who possess it, and who want to exchange for some new production, is precisely equal to the quantity of labour which it can enable them to purchase or command." The distinctive economic doctrine of Marx (if it is of any interest to Mr. Hunt to know) is precisely that all wealth produced by labour is divided into two parts—wages, which the producer retains, and surplus value (in which is included rent, interest, and profits), which is taken from him by parasites. Rent and interest are clearly alike in this, that they are incomes obtained by owning. If Mr. Hunt cannot agree with that, I fear it is useless for me to say more on the point. If Mr. Hunt's own arguments are to be valid, he must attack ownership based on possession, and the income derived from capital, which other people are using, is based solely on possession. At least, this is so if Mr. Hunt bases his single-tax advocacy on any moral principle. Now with regard to his numbered arguments, looked at more minutely. (1) People have written volumes on the advantages of large-scale production (J. A. Hobson's " Evolution of Modern Capitalism," last edition, is a good book), and Mr. Hunt wants me to repeat what they say in order to explain why the big man swallows the little one. I really do not feel energetic enough. Mr. Hunt's "independent" man is a very small proprietor on land so poor that it can yield no rent. Not much independence in him. The " independent " peasant proprietor is not as happy as he is said to be : in France his son is glad to get work as a railway porter. (2) The son of a man who bored tunnels or put up embankments has more right to part of the results of working the railway than the son of a shareholder. Capital is produced by labour, but not by the capitalist's labour. Each man eats his own dinner ; why should he not do his own work? If dead capital has wages, why on earth should not dead lands? (3) What I say about railroads applies to all industrial capital. (4) All civilisation is a struggle against nature. Man, clothed, housed, sewered, eating cooked food, and riding in a railway train, is a child of unnature ; his music, painting, poetry, set up a regularity of design and a purposiveness such as nature never presents ; it is the artificial alone which provides the whole claim of art. This answers 6 as well as part of 4, and the rest of No. 4's statements I have dealt with at the start. I entirely dissent from this 18th century idea of God having placed man in a happy state of nature : it is a reminiscence of the Eden myth. (5) Mr. Hunt's ideal society is one of pitiless competition, tempered by a little peasant proprietorship. (7) The single-tax is very unfair (whether a " tribute " or not), because it would leave some huge incomes untaxed. In (10) Mr. Hunt says something that I am exceedingly glad to hear : namely, that the right to property is only valid until it is questioned ; hence, he argues, " owners of land titles have fair warning." So have owners of all property, but those with a few shillings in the savings bank need not rush to help Lord Rothschild. In reply to (11), as a practical man, I help anything which seems to me likely to strengthen the wage-earners and weaken their enemies, but my ideal is the abolition of private property. There are a number of definitions of Socialism (mostly misleading) in existence ; may I be permitted to refer Mr. Hunt to dictionaries and text-books of political economy? Arthur D. Lewis. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations ; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381. Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for 1s 2d 400 THE FREEWOMAN April 4, 1912 SWIFT'S COMPELLING FICTION DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL (sixth edition) 6s By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMANN (with a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD) CLEMENT K. SHORTER,IN THE SPHERE: "A REAL SERVICE TO HUMANITY " LIVERPOOL POST: "THE 'UNCLE TOM'S CABIN* OF THE WHITE SLAVE TRAFFIC" IN A GERMAN PENSION (Third edition in the Press) 6s By KATHERINE MANSFIELD THE WORLD: "A MASTERLY PIECE OF WORK" TRUTH: "AMAZINGLY CLEVER BOOK" LOVE IN MANITOBA (second edition) 6s By A. WHARTON GILL SHEFFIELD TELEGRAPH: "THE AUTHOR IS A REAL STUDENT OF CANADIAN LIFE" DAILY TELEGRAPH: "ADMIRABLY TOLD, ... AN EXCELLENT PRESENTATION OF FARM LIFE IN MANITOBA " AN EXCELLENT MYSTERY 6s By COUNTESS RUSSELL MORNING LEADER: "UNDOUBTED VIVIDNESS" LADY ERMYNTRUDE AND THE PLUMBER 6s By PERCY FENDALL YORKSHIRE POST: "MR. FENDALL HAS SET OUT TO AMUSE, AND HE DOES IT IN ROLLICKING FASHION" THE REVOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND 6s By MAY FORD SCOTSMAN: "A FASCINATING STORY; . . . CLEVER AND ORIGINAL" THE BOSBURY PEOPLE 6s By ARTHUR RANSOM LIVERPOOL POST: "CHARMINGLY WRITTEN; ... A DELIGHTFUL STYLE: . . . FULL OF INTEREST" THE RECTOR OF ST. JACOB'S 6s By SENEX RUSTICANUS SOME NEIGHBOURS (second edition) 6 s By CHARLES GRANVILLE CLEMENT K. SHORTER, IN THE SPHERE: "DESERVES THE HIGHEST COMMENDATION" MOTLEY AND TINSEL 6s By JOHN K. PROTHERO MORNING LEA DER : " THRILLING " TRUTH: "STAGE LIFE VIVIDLY DESCRIBED" THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN 6s By PHARALL SMITH A SUPERMAN IN BEING 6s By LITCHFIELD WOODS GREAT POSSESSIONS 6s By Mrs. CAMPBELL THE DARKSOME MAIDS OF BAGLEERE 6s By WILLIAM H. KERSEY THE CONSIDINE LUCK 6s By H. A. HINKSON Send a postcard for "Books that Compel," post free from Stephen Swift S Co., Ltd., 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London E.C. ; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.