The Crisis . The CRISIS Vol. 12—No. 2 JUNE, 1916 Whole No. 68 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR cgji§p^ TEN CENTS A COPY Publisher's Chat The July Number of the CRISIS will be our annual EDUCATION NUMBER All news of Negro Colleges and of Negro students winning distinction anywhere will be welcome. All such material should reach us on or before June 3d. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) $1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W . Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W . Crawford)... 1.00 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W . Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 50 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.0 0 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick Sayers) 2.25 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 Address, THE CRISIS, : :::: 70 FifthAvenue, NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS EDITION 40,000 THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1916, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for June, J 916 PICTURES Page COVER. "The Bride." Photograph From Life. CHAMPION BASKETBALL TEAMS 66 MEN OF THE MONTH 68 CARTOON. Our Brave Policemen. By Lorenzo Harris 96 ARTICLES POLLY'S HACK RIDE. A Story. By Mrs. Emma E. Butler 84 SONG OF THE AMERICAN DOVE. A Poem. By Lucian B. Watkins 86 AN APOSTROPHE TO THE LYNCHED. By Leila Amos Pendleton 86 THE WASHER-WOMAN. A Poem. By Otto L. Bohanan 90 THE GEORGIA ODD FELLOWS. 1. A Statement From Benjamin J. Davis. 2. A Statement From the Grand Master 91 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 59 MEN OF THE MONTH 67 THE LOOKING GLASS 69 EDITORIAL 79 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 87 CURTAINS OF GLOOM 93 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this pace a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired, in ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. , MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. SI THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-six years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College. Normal. High School. Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 21, 1916 For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE. TENN. The NEGRO AGRICULTURAL AND TECHNICAL COLLEGE of NORTH CAROLINA (Formerly the Agricultural and Mechanical College for the Colored Race) GREENSBORO, N. C. SUMMER SCHOOL for progressive teachers. SEVENTEENTH ANNUAL SESSION June 26TH—July 29TH, 1916. Easy terms, practical courses, pleasant surroundings. For terms or catalog, address Dr. S. B. Jones, Director. Send $1.00 and secure lodging in advance. Jas. B. Dudley, President Greensboro, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. -. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President STORER COLLEGE FOUNDED 1867 A co-educational institution. State Normal, College Preparatory, Musical and Manual Training Courses. Magnificent location; modern, well equipped buildings, laboratories, fine library; inter-school debates, declamatory contests, athletics, literary societies, Christian atmosphere. Educational ideals high. Address HENRY T. McDONALD, President HARPERS FERRY, W. VA. Mention THE Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 57 The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H . PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. Next School Term Opens Oct. 4, 1916. For catalog and detailed information, address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. l,iiiii!(i.iiNiiillii!lii:i[[inii;:il!.iilii! ur,J J...t i... l , i j::k, i... l 15: m l 11J; i r , :;;;;;:,; ; . ;,i :. .;; ;., .,MU,II, ;i;.,I;liiNiiiiii!iiiiiiimnilllllli;i:iNli;ilii.:lih..iiu.,li:;i;;iiNiiiiiii;iiiiii;n The Cheyney Training School TEACHERS AND PARENTS Only the Best is Good Enough FOR YOU R BEST PUPILS. for Teachers THAT IS WHY you should send them, CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA when you have them prepared, to Under the management of the So ciety of Friends. Beautifully lo Talladega College cated, healthful, well appointed. 40 teachers, 600 students. 815 acres of This school offers to young colored land, 20 buildings, electric light, steam heat, laboratories, library of 15,000 vol men and women who have a reaumes. COURSES: sonable secondary school prepara College Theological tion, and who earnestly desire to Teachers' Domestic Science become teachers, courses in acaScientific Domestic Arts Classical Agriculture demic work, domestic science, doPreparatory Industries mestic art, manual crafts and Music (with diplomat agriculture. Tuition is free. Board, All the best student activities and associa tions. lodging, heat, light and laundry For Information Address privileges are offered for nine DEAN LARSEN months for $100. The entrance Room 21 Talladega, Ala. fee is $7. Fall term opens Sep tember 16, 1916. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL There will be no summer school during 1916. An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of ST. Mary. For full information, write to Address: LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. Mention Th e Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MORGAN COLLEGE AND BRANCHES JOHN O. SPENCER, PhD., President. MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. Location: Central college town between North and South. Courses: Preparatory. Normal, Music, Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate degrees. Instructors: College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. Dormitories: For a limited number, furnished. Terms: Very reasonable. Dean: William Pickens, Lit.D. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (Eastern Branch Maryland State College of Agriculture) Location: The famous Eastern Shore of Md., Somerset Co. Courses preparatory. Normal, Industrial. Dom. Science Music. Instructors: College and Technically trained. Now Dormitories: Furnished, steam heated, supervised. Terms: Tuition free: other expenses moderate. SUMMER SESSION June 26th-August 4th. Special training in Domestic Science, Rural Education, Na ture Study, School Organization, School Management, etc. Terms: Ent.. $1.00; Board, $3.00 per wk. ; no tuition fee. Principal: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah, A.B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Lynchburg, Va. Location: On beautiful hill in suburbs of growing city. Courses: Preparatory, Normal. Dom. Sci, Gardening. Music. Instructors: College trained; carefully selected. Dormitories: Furnished; for fifty girls; steam heat, electric light: carefully supervised. Terms: Within the reach of all. Principal: Frank Trigg, A.M. OF INTEREST TO VOCALISTS Tone-Placing and Voice Development, With Supplement Co-ordinating with Original Chapters Highly recommended and endorsed by well known Choral and Musical Societies, Directors, Vocal Teachers and Musical Publications, as evidenced by the following extracts selected at random from those who know: Pedro T. Tinsley of Chicago is the first of the vocal teachers to realize the possibilities of Tone-Placing and Vowel Values (Study) as applied to music, and will soon be reaping his reward in the knowledge that he is helping thousands to a thorough musical education where he previously helped but hundreds. THE MUSIC TRADES. I highly endorse your Book Tone-Placing and Voice-Development as "being in a class by itself. This is my fourth order and will be able to use quite a number of additional copies very soon. G. W. WILLIAMS, B.M.A., 1214 Pease Ave., Houston, Texas. "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practicaL little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T, Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students," From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly this 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill., or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Bur en St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Virginia A superior school for the separate, higher education of young women. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture, and thorough training. Expenses very moderate. Send for catalog to the President. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. 507 E, 34th Place Chicago, Ill. ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre." —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON, MASS. Concert Soloist LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano For terms write 126 West 134th Street, N. Y. C. Statement of the Ownership, Management, Etc., required by the Act of August 24, 1912, of THE CRISIS Published monthly at 70 Fifth Avenue, New- York, N. Y., for April 1, 1916. State of New York J ss County of New York j- Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State and county aforesaid, personally appeared A. G. Dill, who, having been duly sworn accord ing to law. deposes and says that he is the Business Manager of The Crisis, and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the ownership, man agement, etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date shown in the above caption, required by the act of August 24. 1912, embodied in Sec tion 443, Postal Laws and Regulations: Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 70 Fifth avenue, New York City. Editor: W. E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth avenue, New York City. Managing Editor: W . E. Burghardt DuBois, 70 Fifth avenue, New York City. Business Manager: Augustus Granville Dill, 70 Fifth avenue, New York City. Owners: The National Association for the' Advancement of Colored People, a corporation with no stock. Moorfield Story, President. Roy Nash, Acting Secretary. Joel E. Spingarn, Chairman Board of Directors. Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other se curity holders, holding 1 per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other se curities : None. A. G. Dill, Business Manager. Sworn to and subscribed before me this day of March, 1916. Edward J. BREDE NNOtaryPublic. (My commission expires March 30, 1918.) Kings County No. 81. New York Countv No. 176. New York Register No. 8180. Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS Vol. 12—No. 2 JUNE, 1916 Whole No. 68 Along the Color Line MUSIC AND ART THE Royal Choral Society, under the direction of Sir Frederick Bridge, gave Coleridge-Taylor's "Hiawatha" in London, Eng., April 1. On the same date the can tata was performed by the Birmingham Choral Union in Birmingham, Eng. The Washington Concert Orchestra, Mr. Roy W. Tibbs, conductor, gave its third annual concert at the Howard Theatre, Washington, D. C , April 28. The soloists assisting were Miss Maude J. Roberts, soprano, and Miss Revella Hughes, pianist. The Howard University Glee Club added numbers to the program. A concert was given by the Thomas Howard Quintette at the Athletic Club in Columbus, O., April 9. The program in cluded pieces by Leoncavello, Mendelssohn, Tschaikovsky, Nicolai, Thomas and Grieg. Miss Martha Steward, pianist, played the Paganini - Liszt "Campanella," and Mr. George Smith, violinist, gave the Maud Powell arrangement of Coleridge-Taylor's "Deep River." Mr. Thomas Howard is the manager of the Ninth Ohio National Guard Band of Columbus, an organization which numbers thirty musicians. This is a band of un usual excellence and is active in the music-life of the state. The piano music for the comic opera, "On with the Dance," recently given at the Majestic Theatre, Buffalo, N. Y., under the auspices of the Jewish Young Men's Christian Association, was arranged by Miss Sarah May Talbert, graduate of the New England Conservatory of Music, class of The choral society of Seldon Institute, Brunswick, Ga., presented the cantata, "Jeptha and His Daughter," at the Grand Opera House, April 11. Mr. James Weldon Johnson, one of the two colored members of the Society of Com posers, Authors and Songwriters, was num bered among the speakers at a dinner re cently given by the society in New York. The guest of honor was Irvin Cobb, novelist and war correspondent. Mr. J. Rosamond Johnson is the other Negro member. Five songs from Laurence Hope's "In dian Love Lyrics," set to music by Harry T. Burleigh, were the novelties on a program lately presented by the popular Irish tenor, John McCormack, at Carnegie Hall, New York. Musical America says of the songs: "The setting for the Laurence Hope lyrics has been admirably done. Mr. Burleigh has handled cleverly the exotic Eastern themes used in the five songs, and his gift of melody is strikingly apparent in the 'Jun gle Flower.' " The Music Lovers Club of Fort Smith, Ark., gave a recital April 3 for the benefit of the Hospital Guild. "The Spy of Gettysburg," a war drama, was given in the chapel of Virginia Union University, Richmond, Va., March 24. A large audience witnessed the play. The Suburban Choral Class of Woburn, Mass., under the direction of Miss Daisy Allen, gave an interesting musicale at St. John's Baptist Church. At Metropolitan A. M. E. Church, Wash ington, D. C. Mme. E. Azalia Hackley con ducted a very successful folk song festival under the general supervision of the Bethel Literary and Historical Association of that city. Beside the chorus of two hundred, Mr. J. Rosamond Johnson sang,1915.  and selec tions were rendered by a chorus of students from M Street High School under the direc tion of Miss Mary L. Europe. The Colored Women's Quilting Club of Marked Tree, Ark., held its first annual ex THE CRISIS hibition in March. More than one hundred quilts were exhibited. The first issue of the Poetry Review, under the editorship of William Stanley Braithwaite, has made its appearance in Boston, Mass. Mr. William Stanley Braithwaite has been lecturing and reading in Washington, D. C. At the Kraushaar gallery in New York City, George Luks, the artist, has been exhibiting pictures. The New York Evening Post said: "In the outer room is one of the paintings, perhaps the best one, 'The Tango Artist.' It is a Negro's portrait, the very black head shown against a light but warm background. This is one of the finest things Mr. Luks has even shown." GENERAL A MOVEMENT to organize a National Association of Colored Music Teachers in the United States has been started by Clarence Cameron White, the violinist. The "Whirl of Life," a motion picture written by Vernon Castle depicting the ro mantic life of himself and Mrs. Castle, has many colored characters in it. It is pleas ing to note that these characters are not caricatures. The part of the memorial fund for Booker T. Washington which is being raised among colored people has enlisted the services of many prominent persons all over the country. Six hundred white employees of the New York Central Railroad, in New York City, who went on strike, have been replaced by Negroes, as baggage handlers, car cleaners and elevator men. The positions have been made permanent and some promotions have been promised. The Canadian Pacific Railroad has de cided to use Negroes as cooks and waiters. They have two crews in operation on a run between Montreal and Quebec. Miss Ida Vera Simonton, a Suffrage worker and African explorer, is organizing women of America into Defense Leagues. There will be no discrimination on account of color, race or creed in this movement, and a campaign among Negro women of the country is soon to be conducted. The General Alumni Association of How ard University, Washington, D. C , has just published the Alumni Number of the Uni versity Record. The Alumni Reunion will take place June 7 of this year, and the Semi-Centennial Celebration March 2, 1917. At the first session of the Garage Owners' Association of Michigan a request for attendance was proffered by Mr. Powell, a Negro, of the Standard Repair Shop at Bay City. Permission to attend was given and it was suggested that if the visitor desired to put in an application for membership that it be considered on the same basis as any other application, decision to be made on the value of the man, not the color of the applicant. By self denial girls of the Reiss family, now in Canada, announce that they will each adopt a Negro child in Africa. Each child will receive a baptismal offering of five dollars. The fund left by Mrs. Caroline Donovan in favor of the American Colonization Sociery for the transportation to Liberia of Negroes in the United States is being disputed by the heirs-at-law of Mrs. Donovan. Methodists who sought to have Negro bishops provided for work among Negroes failed to receive the sanction of the annual conferences of the Methodist Episcopal church by a 4,921 to 3,461 vote. Dr. R. R. Wright, Jr., has offered two gold medal prizes; the first to the person who composes the best centennial ode of African Methodism, and the second to the Sunday School or Allen League member who writes the best essay on Richard Allen. The judges will consist of one bishop, one literary critic or magazine editor, and two teachers of English. PERSONAL MRS. ALICE MOORE DUNBAR, of Wilmington, Del., widow of the late Paul Lawrence Dunbar, and Mr. Robert J. Nelson, of Harrisburg, Pa., were married in Wilmington, April 20. The Rev. Dr. Solomon Porter Hood officiated. The Honorable John R. Lynch has been speaking in Cleveland, 0. C Mrs. Celia M. Stuart, of Indianapolis, Ind., has been appointed a stenographer in the Marion County Court House. Wayne W. Cox, cashier and manager of the only Negro bank in Mississippi that could be admitted under the Guarantee Law, died at Vossburg, Stafford Wells, April 10, at the age of fifty-two. His estate is valued at $80,000. A wife and one child survive him. ALONG THE COLOR LINE Louis Merriam, a Negro born when George Washington was president of the United States, died in Kansas City, March 12. He was the oldest man on the United States pension rolls, and claimed to have substantiated the fact that he was born one hundred and twenty-one years ago at Sopher plantation in Virginia. St. Luke's Hospital, Columbia, S. C, is doubtless the only institution of its kind in the United States owned by a colored woman physician. Dr. Matilda Evans employs twelve men and women regularly, and has recently secured and moved into larger quarters. Benjamin Carter, eighty-four years old, died at Elgin, 111., April 21. He established the first blacksmith shop in the county and made a name for himself by manufacturing the Ben Carter bridle bits which became famous all over the country and were shipped to Europe. Lincoln Washington, ninety-four years old, extinguished a burning bridge near Lufkin, Tex., April 21, and then flagged a passenger train, averting a wreck. A purse was made up by the passengers and given him, and the railroad officials have reported his act of bravery to the Carnegie Hero Fund. Mr. Daniel Lucas, aged sixty-seven, pro prietor of the Lucas Barber Shop and Turkish Bath House in Sedalia, Mo., is dead. He was the only colored man in business on Main street, and his establishment is valued at §50,000. S. B. Wheat has been elected alderman from the Second Ward in East St. Louis, Ill., defeating a white candidate by a 300 to 94 vote. The Honorable W. H. Hunt, consul at St. Etienne, France, was made president of the Day of Sports for the benefit of the soldiers, which occurred at St. Etienne, March 26. The prefect, the mayor and the general commanding there were "Presidents d'Honneur." Major Allen won the presidency of his class in a New Haven, Conn., high school, defeating a white classmate by a 108 to 100 ballot. Mrs. C J. Bolden has been appointed health inspector for the colored schools of Newport News, Va. Joe Hunter, of Gulfport, Miss., a former employee of the Ingram Day Lumber Company, has been awarded $1,500 damages. His leg was mashed by a falling log. The will of the late Saunders P. Jones bequeathed five hundred dollars each to Mrs. Julia Jackson and Albert Douglass, old family servants. ([ Mr. J. H. Battles, a widely known railroad man, died recently in New York. He was on the Twentieth Century Limited since the train was first put in service. Miss Lillian Dodson, of the Girls' High School in Brooklyn, N. Y., was one of eighty-five pupils, and the only colored one, to go on an educational tour to Washington, D. C , recently. R.D. Taborn, of Kalamazoo, Mich., has been made collector of customs for that port. Three white Democratic candidates were seeking the position, but Taborn won through civil service examination. Peter W. Downing, born in New York City in 1832, died April 1, in Brooklyn, N. Y. He was proprietor, of a restaurant in the old Custom House on Wall street for about twenty years. Secretary Bundy, of the American Legation at Monrovia, Liberia, has been granted a leave of absence by the State Department. Miss Mary V. R. Dickerson, a teacher in the public schools of Washington, D. C , for more than twenty years, died recently at Xenia, 0. Mrs. Ella Ernest, a teacher in the Primary Department of the Frederick Douglass School in Indianapolis, Ind., has been granted a scholarship by the Indianapolis school commissioners for study in the Indiana Normal School at Terre Haute. Miss Johanna P. Moore, founder of Fireside Schools and Hope, and a loyal friend of the Negro, died recently in Nashville, Tenn. She was born in Clarion county, Pa., in 1833. A. J. Drexel, a banker, of Philadelphia, Pa., has provided Miss Marion Price, a cook in his employ for more than fifty years, with a home to live in for the rest of her life, two servants and a monthly allow ance. Thomas P. Williams, the only 33° Mason in Atlantic City, and probably the oldest in New Jersey, is dead in his seventy-first year. Miss Susie M Taylor has returned to the States from Liberia, where she has worked as a missionary for four year=; THE CRISIS NEGRO TROOPS IN MEXICO under the Foreign Mission Board of the National Baptist Convention. Harry Williams, the only colored member of the Boy Scouts in Homestead, Pa., won five medals in the round-up of the Boy Scouts of America. He was first in boxing and wrestling, second in the fifty-yard dash and third in first aid and basketball relay. Mr. and Mrs. Malone, of St. Louis, Mo., donated $5,000 to the Y. M. C. A. campaign in that city. Miss Julia S. Tutwiler, active in educational work throughout Alabama for many years, died at Birmingham, March 24. She was born in 1841 at Greene Spring, Ala. Thirty women and children were carried to safety by Peter Goodwin, a Negro elevator operator in an apartment house in Dobbs Ferry, N. Y., when fire broke out in a dumbwaiter shaft. J. T. Edward, a, Pullman porter, is reported by the hospital head at Elyria, O., as having saved nine lives in a recent wreck of the New York Central trains, by giving his services as a doctor. His act of heroism is under advisement by the company. Colored employees of the Bureau of En graving and Printing, at Washington, D. C , presented Captain William T. Meredith, chief of the bureau for two terms, with a gold-headed cane on his eighty-first birth day. Rev. J. H. Knowles, pastor of Mount Moriah Baptist church in Cairo, Ill., for twenty-two years, is dead. He was born seventy years ago at Paris, Tenn. The famous American poet, James Whit- comb Riley, became interested in the poems written by Lieutenant R. E. S. Toomey, a Negro lawyer of Miami, Fla., and invited him to read them before a few of his select friends. First-Lieutenant John A. Green, who has been on duty with the 25th United States Infantry on the Mexican border, has been appointed military attache to the American Legation at Monrovia, Liberia, which post had been held until recently by Major ALONG THE Charles Young who is now in Mexico with the famous Tenth Cavalry. A. W. Ricks, who for six years has been general field agent for the Manassas Industrial School at Manassas, Va., has resigned. Captain Allen W. Washington will succeed Major R. R. Moton as commandant of cadets at Hampton Institute in Virginia. J. C. Evans, a prominent Negro attorney of Okmulgee, Okla., won a sensational divorce suit involving more than $50,000 for a wealthy white client. Arthur F. Whitin, of Whitinsville, Mass., has sent to the Booker T. Washington Memorial Fund a contribution of five hundred dollars from the savings of the late Mary Strater, a former slave, who wished her savings to be given to aid in improving the condition of her race in the South. James Duncan, of Gary, Ind., and a porter at the Union Station, has been awarded a Carnegie Hero Medal. He rescued a white man from the bottom of a metal pit in the Carbon Steel Company at Pittsburgh, Pa., three years ago. The address delivered by Dr. J. E. Mason on Harriett Tubman has been published for the benefit of the Tubman Home at Auburn, N. Y. INDUSTRY THE Atlanta Mutual Insurance Company of Atlanta, Ga., has opened business in Arkansas. Forty race men from Louisville, Ky., have gone to Barberton, O., to work in the Columbia Chemical Company, and one hundred more will go to work for the Pittsburgh Valve Company. The Chemical Company has erected houses for these employees, and they are the first Negroes to live in Barberton. The stockholders of the Standard Loan and Realty Company have held a meeting for the purpose of receiving a charter of incorporation granted by the state of Geor gia. The Courier, a Negro weekly, of Pittsburgh, Pa., has passed its seventh birthday. It is an eight-page paper and employs seven workers. The Insurance Critic issue for February 10th carried an article on "Insurance, a Vocation," by George W. Blount, a colored man. The Palatine Waiters Association, a col COLOR LINE ored organization of Newburgh, N. Y., has purchased No. 193 Chambers street of that city to accommodate Negro tenants. John H.	 Hicks is president. The North Carolina Mutual and Provident Association, of Durham, has started business in the District of Columbia. The gross assets of this company are nearly $200,000 with $5,000,000 worth of insurance in force. The West Kentucky Coal Company cm- ploys seven hundred Negro men in its mines. NORTH ATLANTIC THE Smart Set Athletic Club, of Brooklyn, N. Y., held one of the largest athletic meets in Greater New York. Howard P. Drew broke the world's record for ninety yards. Twenty events were listed on the program, and fully six thousand people attended. A colored regiment has been organized in Philadelphia, Pa., and more than five hundred young colored men have enlisted. An ordinance has been passed giving Atlantic City, N. J., its first Negro manned fire station. Downingtown School, at Downingtown, Pa., which suffered recently by fire, has received financial aid so as to enable it to restore Pennsylvania Hall and begin two other halls. The governor of the state will deliver the commencement address. Dr. William A. Creditt is principal. A large building named Gregory Hall, after its late principal, has been dedicated at Bordentown, N. J. SOUTH ATLANTIC EIGHT Negro citizens, representing the Macon, Ga., Business and Civic League, appeared recently before the Board of Education presenting a petition whereby congestion in Negro schools might be relieved, and colored children provided with an industrial education. A second Atlanta segregation ordinance, making it unlawful for Negroes to move into city blocks in which the majority of residents are white, and carrying a like provision against whites, was signed by Mayor Woodward April 12. A playground for colored children has been opened in Wilmington, N. C. The colored people of Hanover county, Va., are raising money to extend the school 64 THE CRISIS term two months. They are given only five months by the County School Board. The white schools have a term of nine months. Fire destroyed the Missionary Baptist church in Milton, one of the oldest church buildings in Florida. The church was not insured and the loss is estimated at between $2,000 and $2,500. At Washington, D. C , several citizens have started a movement to secure the appointment of at least one colored person to the examining boards of medicine, pharmacy, law, dentistry, embalming and trained nursing. The English Department of Howard University is presenting a series of talks on Negro literature at Library Hall. Seven hundred students of Howard Uni versity went on strike recently because they were suspended for using the gymnasium for dancing on "Frivolity Day." Students and deans have since come to an under standing and the work of the university has been resumed. Colored teachers of Raleigh, N. C , raised during February $1,056.33 for school im provements, and organized twenty-nine moonlight schools. Condemnation proceedings have been started to acquire land for a park for Ne groes in Jackson Ward, Richmond, Va. NORTH CENTRAL THE International Conference of Knights Templar of the United States and Can ada, and Shriners, will meet in Chicago, August 21 to 25. Dr. C. H. Phillips and Hutchins Inge, Negroes, of St. Louis, Mo., have been elected alternates to the National Republican con vention in Chicago in June. They will go uninstructed. SOUTH CENTRAL THE Association of Southern Church Colleges has been formed in Birming ham, Ala., with the purpose of trying to reduce the number of lynchings in the South. The recent fire in Nashville, Tenn., brought out an extraordinary and excellent case of co-operation between white and col ored people. Three hundred and twenty- one white families and three hundred and twenty-four Negro families were helped. The Department of Social Science of Fisk University and students of other institutions worked in cordial co-operation with the white staff. Printed blanks and records were used and excellent results obtained. The State Medical Association of Oklahoma and the Tri-State Medical Associations of Missouri, Kansas and Oklahoma, convened in joint session at Muskogee, Okla., May 10, 11, 12. More than twelve hundred volumes have been donated to the Gibbons High School at Paris, Tex., which was recently burned. A new brick school for colored children, named for the late Joseph H. Crawford, has been dedicated at Houston, Tex. Negroes of Bessemer, Ala., are making an effort to raise $1,000 toward a community hall. The Bessemer Soil Pipe Company will give the land and one dollar for every two dollars raised. Leading colored people of Mobile, Ala., nave shown much public spirit in providing at their own expense night school facilities where over four hundred illiterates have been taught to read. The colored people of Dallas, Tex., are energetically opposing the race segregation ordinance recently passed. Serious accusations have been brought against Mr. John Marquess, recently elected to the presidency of Langston University in Oklahoma. His moral conduct as principal of the Sumner High School in Kansas City was the subject of energetic attack on the part of numbers of citizens, who alleged that he was not fit to be principal of the school. Nearly one thousand Negroes gathered at Victoria, Tex., for the meeting of the colored farmers of Victoria and the Southwest Colored School Teachers' Association. S. W. Green, of East Carroll Parish, and J. W. Cooke have been elected alternates from Louisiana to the National Republican Convention in Chicago in June. The delegation goes uninstructed. Two companies of the 24th Infantry have been removed from Del Rio, Tex., where they refused to be "Jim Crowed" in the uni forms of Uncle Sam, and stationed at Fort Bliss. These are the first colored soldiers to be stationed at this fort. The first honor camp for Negro prison ers has been established in Tennessee. The City Board of Health in Shreveport, La., has offered prizes of fifty dollars in cash to the Negro church or other organ ALONG THE ization having the largest percentage of members whose homes are screened against flies and mosquitoes, and to the one having the, largest number of screens installed in 1916. Prizes are offered also to members of such organizations who have their homes in the most sanitary condition and the best-kept front and back yards. Williams and Piron, colored composers, of New Orleans, La., have had some of their work recorded by the Columbia Phonograph Company, and a special concert of the records was given in one of the largest stores in New Orleans. FOREIGN NATIVE Africans have curiously poet ical figures of speech. The Mpongwes call thunder the "sky gun"; morning they call "day's child". The Zulus call twilight the "eye lashes of the sun". An African who came to America was shown some ice, which he had not seen before, and he called it "water fast asleep". When asked to give a name to a railroad car, he said: "Him be one thunder mill". Rev. Francis O'Rourke, of the Irish province of the Lyons African Missions Society, will give a series of illustrated lectures in the archdiocese of New York in aid of the West African missions. A crisis has been developed in Haiti by the action of President Dartiguenave in dis solving the senate and creating a council of the government to draft a new constitution in conformity with the latest treaty between the United States and Haiti. GHETTO MRS. V. BOONE, who went as a dele gate from the Colored Parent and Teachers' Association of Sparta, Ga., to at tend the State Parent Teachers' Association was refused admission on account of her race. George Hardy, a Negro, thirty-nine years old, who has served twenty-three years in the Atlanta, Ga., penitentiary for beating a white man who died as a result, has been ordered released by President Wilson. American citizenship was denied Takao Ozawa, a Japanese, in a test case in Hono lulu. The court ruled that Japanese are Mongolians, and that the word "white" does not include the Mongolian race. COLOR LINE Miss Jane R. Bosfield, the colored stenographer who was dismissed from the Medfield State Hospital in Massachusetts because of her race, has been ordered reinstated at once by Governor McCall and members of the Executive Council. The appearance of the Ziegfield Follies at the Academy Theatre in Richmond, Va., was cancelled because it was not thought wise to have Bert Williams, the colored comedian, appear with a company other wise made up of white actors and actresses. Three nuns from St. Joseph's Convent in St. Augustine, Fla., have been placed under technical arrest because of the new state law making it illegal for white persons to teach Negroes. A Negro priest was celebrant of the mass, while the deacon and sub-deacon were white priests, at the funeral, in New Or leans, of a priest who had belonged to an old Louisiana family and who had devoted his life to work among colored Catholics. The sign "No colored people served at the tables" in the Bungalow confectionery, in Portland, Ore., has been ordered removed by Mayor Albee. Henry Young, a colored minister in Carlisle, Pa., claims that the superintendent of schools and the School Board "drew the color line," and would not let his son attend school at the Lamberton Building. The board has denied the charge. George Wells Parker reports from Omaha, Neb., that Collier's Weekly wants neither colored solicitors nor subscribers. William Carter, a colored boy in Rich mond, Va., seeing his brother chased by fif teen white sailors who threatened to lynch him, snatched a pistol and killed two of the mob. Lynchings since our last record: March 31—Cedar Bluffs, Miss., Jeff Brown, hanged by mob. He was running to catch a freight train and accidentally brushed against a white girl. April 5—St. Charles, Mo., Lafayette Chandler, shot and burned for killing a sheriff and wounding another. April 10—Del Rio, Tex., Private John Wade, 24th Infantry, shot by state ranger. April 10—Lawton, Okla., Carl Dudley, wounding a policeman. Shot to death and body dragged through street. 66 THE CRISIS THE SEASON'S BASKET BALL By EDWIN B. HENDERSON HAMPTON INSTITUTE basket ball -*• team can, without successful contra diction, claim the National Championship. The lads of the Virginia school have applied brains to brawn in so telling a fashion that the city and college teams with whom they played could at no time quell the Hampton spirit, nor outwit the athletes on the court. To Coach Charles Williams must go the credit for the victory, for his quiet, gentlemanly, masterful methods of coaching have produced good results. His was a task of creating a championship machine out of a group of candidates, many of whom knew only baseball in the realm of sports, and in a field where good basket ball was not to be seen. Hampton's claim to championship lies in the record for the season, one without a defeat. Hampton de feated Armstrong Manual Training School 51 to 14, Howard University 46 to 12, St. Christopher 24 to 15, and 37 to 28, Carlisle 37 to 23, Lincoln University 44 to 20. By comparison it can be easily figured out that THE ARMSTRONG M. T. S. TEAM the Hampton team was best. The crack the Armstrong team of Washington, which Monticello team was outplayed by Lincoln won the High School Championship of the University, and Hampton doubled on LinP. S. A. L., were good in their localities, coln, which gives Hampton superiority over and Lincoln University made an excellent the Western group of teams. showing in post-season games. The Alpha Physical Culture Club, the InBasket ball, played under regulations corporators, and the St. Christopher teams that govern the best amateur sport, is wield of New York, the Vandals of Atlantic City, ing a tremendous influence for strong, virile the Y. M. C. A. team of Philadelphia, and manhood. THE HAMPTON INSTITUTE CHAMPIONS Men of the Month A PHYSICIAN Edward J. Davis was born manship and service. He is now living in in Charleston, S. C , and Washington, D. C. educated at Fisk University and the Har vard Medical School. He began practice m in St. Louis in 1900 and soon became super BUSINESS Robert R. Church, Jr., son intendent of the Provident Hospital. After AND POLITICS of a widely known father, two years he entered the service of the was born in Memphis, Tenn., United States government as physician to in 1885. He was educated at Oberlin, and the Zuni Indians, where he has served for became president of the Solvent Savings twelve and one-half years. He met at first Bank and Trust Company in Memphis in the opposition of superstition and ignorance, 1909. He is a member of the Board of and some of the whites considered his pres Directors of the Standard Life Insurance ence an outrage, but all this has been Company. Mr. Church was a delegate to gradually overcome. Dr. Davis is a fellow the Republican Convention in 1912, is a of the American Geographical Society. member of the State Republican Executive Committee, and is making a strong fight for the political recognition of colored men. A CITY Thomas W. Fleming was COUNCILMAN born in Pennsylvania in m 1874. He was educated at Meadville, Pa., and Baldwin College. He A BAND- Major Walter H. Loving, for has been a barber and a lawyer, and is now MASTER fourteen years conductor' of city councilman from Ward Eleven, Clevethe Constabulary Band, has land, O., which has four-fifths of its voters given up his work in the Philippines and white. He is a member of the Republican will soon be retired from the service. His State Executive Committee of Ohio. farewell concert was attended by a record breaking crowd. At the conclusion of the concert he was presented with a handsome A MINISTER Edward H. Hunter was gold watch by Judge Gilbert in behalf of born in North Carolina in the Manila community, and with a beauti1865. He was educated at Lincoln and ful loving cup from the members of the Howard, taught public school for five years organization. Loving's successor said, on and then became a clerk in the War Depart receiving the baton, "You have accomplished ment at Washington. He was afterward a wonderful thing. Other men have directtransferred to the General Land Office ed great bands but as a rule they have been where he served fifteen years, becoming able to select the best trained musicians finally law examiner at $1,600 per year. from which to form them. You, in great Mr. Hunter entered the ministry in 1903 measure, have trained the individual musiand has served as pastor in Washington cians who compose your organization. It and Norfolk, Va. He is a man of ability has been a unique achievement. Your name and character. and fame are known wherever great music is heard. But more than this, you have wrought this success with a modesty which A SOLDIER George D. Powell is a rehas been becoming." tired Regimental Sergeant A TEACHER R. G. Jackson was born in Major of the United States Army, having OF MUSIC Lexington, Ky., and received served thirty years in the 24th United his musical education at States Infantry. This regiment fought Kansas University. He 'has for several against the Indians from 1881 to 1888; took years had charge of the Department of part in the Spanish American War in Music of Western University, at Quindaro, Cuba where it lost one hundred and four a colored institution; and also leads the men, killed and wounded, at San Juan Hill. music at Allen Chapel in Kansas City, Mo., It then went to the Philippines where it where he has developed a fine choir. He served under General Lawton. Mr. Powell has directed chorus work on the Pacific was in all the battles, and won one gold, Coast and various parts of the West, and one silver and two bronze medals for marks-received much praise for the results. 67 THE CRISIS E. G. JACKSON E. J. DAVIS T. W. FLEMING E. H. HUNTER W. H. LOVING R. R. CHURCH, JR, G. D. POWELL The Looking Glass LITERATURE INTERESTING developments in Negro * literature are taking place. First, there are persistent attempts at writing poetry, good, bad and indifferent. There lie on our desk seven little volumes of verse, most of them privately printed. Those by M. G. Williams, W. H. Shackleford, S. M. Means, Adolphus Johnson and E. M. Hampton call for no especial mention. Fenton Johnson's "Visions of Dusk" has bits of beauty here and there: "I was the starlight, I was the moonlight, I was the sunset, Before the dawning Of my life." G. M. McClellan's "Path of Dreams," written under circumstances of peculiar pathos, is conscientious work: "Awake! Arise! Oh, men of my race, I see our morning star, And feel the dawn-breeze on my face Creep inward, from afar." Novels are coming, too: "Redder Blood," by William N. Ashley, and "The Problem," by F. G. Gilmore. Both have the usual difficulty that we are too near realities to write beautifully about them. There are some essays: "The Black Soldier," by Mary Curtis; "The Birth of a Nation," by Isaac L. Thomas; "Plusieurs Points D'Histoire," by J. F. Geffrard, and "How It Happened," by Mrs. J. C. Horton. This last little pamphlet is a frank and interesting life story and tells how a colored woman established a library in Oklahoma. We must not forget the second number of the Journal of Negro History, edited by C. G. Woodson. It is a fine volume both in appearance and content. It should be in the hands of everyone interested in the Negro, race. The A. M. E. Church Review, under Dr. Ransom, has also become a periodical worth the reading. Three books are studies of black people by whites: M. S. Evans, of South Africa, writes of "Black and White in the Southern States." (229 pp., Macmillan, $2.25 net.) It is a disappointing book. Mr. Evans is a white man who has accepted the segrega tion and injustice of South Africa and has come to America to prove his thesis. He does it to his own complete satisfaction, and while he tries to be fair, his querulousness and utter ignorance of the real American problems make his book most uniform ing. H. M. Henry, of Emory and Henry College, writes of the "Police Control of the Slave in South Carolina" in 216 pp. The book impresses one as a conscientious setting forth of the facts surrounded by a rather desperate attempt to apologize for every fact that now seems unpleasant. One statement, however, may be quoted for the information of certain persons gifted with remarkable hind-sight: "In this study of South Carolina slavery the writer has found nothing to indicate that there was any movement or any serious discussion of the advisability of abolishing slavery or devising any plan that would eventually lead to it. Apparently no anti-slavery leaders like those in Virginia or North Carolina ever flourished in South Carolina. The Quakers, who were opposed to slavery, left the state in the early part of the nineteenth century, or gave up their scruples about it. The German settlers in Orangeburg and Lexington districts sought to abstain from slavery but drifted with the current and became slaveholders. Some doubtless deprecated slavery in an academic way, and some even maintained in practice their belief that slavery was wrong. Whether there was any tendency toward agitation or public sentiment suppressed it, would be difficult to determine. There is little reason to believe that such discussion would have secured an intelligent hearing." J. B. Earnest, of Norfolk, Va., publishes the "Religious Development of the Negro in Virginia," 233 pp. The book is rather unsystematic and therefore the more interesting. It brings out a number of striking facts, especially in regard to Negro preachers. One bit is illuminating: "The Negro judges the white man very frequently by the ruffians who attack him, or by the newspapers that libel his race; the white 69 70 THE man too frequently judges the Negro only by the inferior quality of work done by servants. Most cases of dislike that we have investigated showed an economic basis. The fact that our cook suddenly leaves, or a farm hand demands higher wages or even refuses to work, impels us to exclaim, 'How we hate a Nigger.' Does not this position seem a bit unjust? Our attitude toward this race is too important to be dealt with in anything but a large, fair-minded way. Because a race lives on its own properties and no longer serves us in the same capacities as formerly are no just reasons for assuming an attitude of hostility to every phase of that race's existence. However, this very principle of dislike is at the root of much of the condemnation of the modern Negro." THE BOURBONS AND HELEN KELLER THE letter from Helen Keller in the April CRISIS is printed in full as a paid advertisement in the Selma, Ala., Journal. The affluent writer continues: "The above letter is copied literally from the CRISIS, issue of April, 1916, official organ of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, published in New York City. This association was formed some years ago, Miss Jane Addams being one of its chief promoters. The magazine is edited by a Negro, W. E. Burghardt DuBois and its editorial columns are usually well filled with abuse and vilifications of the white people of the South. He says he received this letter and contribution from Miss Helen Keller. We hope he is lying, but am afraid he is not. The people who did such wonderful work in training Miss Keller must have belonged to the old Abolition Gang, for they seem to have thoroughly poisoned her mind against her own people." The editor makes this interesting comment : "If there is not some mistake—and we fear that there is none in this case—then our own daughter of Alabama, Helen Keller, has given us the blackest eye of them all. This newspaper could not have believed what is published today as an advertisement in our columns, had it not been shown us in black and white. It is a real eye opener. This Negro editor says these terrible things about our own people and country are written by Helen Keller. CRISIS Full of untruths, full of fawning and boot licking phrases directed toward northern white and Negro fanatics, full of things that cannot be proven and we challenge Miss Keller or anybody else to try to prove them. This article in the CRISIS is a blot and a blight on the good name this really wonderful woman has worked up in the country. "If Miss Keller admits authorship of this letter—and it would be a real pleasure to us if she would repudiate it—her visit to Selma will not be as welcome as it might have been, advocating and endorsing- as she does such unspeakable things as this Negro magazine stands for. If she is ashamed of her southland, why call their dollars? If she is ashamed of the state that gave her birth, we can worry along- without her. We are not the oppressors of the Negroes; we are the best friends they have ever had; Booker T. Washington bears out that statement. If we could have lived in blissful ignorance of Miss Keller's social equality ideas, we would have been much more happy when thinking of her." A writer in the Selma Times thus replies : "Why attempt to hold up to the public any views that she may have imbibed from her environment? We can forgive the people who have filled her with these ideas because they have given the world—Helen Keller. Of course, we of the southland know so well that if she had been reared in touch with the traditions, the history, the life of our people she would have been one of us. Instead she belongs to the world. As the modern miracle she stands above criticism." In the Journal our advertising man finds more matter of absorbing interest: "I quote this from the CRISIS in corroboration of the assertion heretofore made that it is the intention and the fixed purpose of northern Republicans and all other enemies of Democracy to break the solid South by putting the ballot in the hands of the Negro, in other words using the white women of the South as a means of enforcing the 15th Amendment." SEGREGATION IN THE WORKING MR. H. M. BURKETT, a colored real estate man, sends this letter to the Baltimore, Md., News: THE LOOKING GLASS "The real estate market for colored people is at a standstill, although there are hundreds of colored people ready and anxious to purchase. But where will they buy? The segregation ordinance, which was aimed at the colored people, has as a matter of fact proved a boomerang and hit the white property owner harder than the colored purchaser. "To prevent the sale of any commodity to a consumer no doubt inconveniences the consumer; but it paralyzes the producer. It keeps the commodity on the hands of the producer and deprives him of the use of the capital tied up therein, as well as from the profits which would accrue from sales. "With this class of real estate there are other losses greater than the two mentioned. For not only is this field of industry crip pled and the profits from sales lost, but many properties which white people do not occupy and would not occupy are left on their hands without a penny income, while they must at the same time pay the in creased taxes and assessments, plus in many instances heavy ground rents. Here are, therefore, five direct losses to the owners of property which by location, condition and proximity to colored sections might be used with profit. "Beside these, there are other losses which the owners of this class of property must suffer. Take McCulloh street, for an example. There are on this street a score of buildings which have been idle for the last two or three years and where depreciation has been enormous. The paper has dropped from dampness; plumbing either rusted or been stolen; plastering fallen; paint cracked and blistered, window lights broken from front and rear until the whole external appearance looks like an abandoned honeycomb; while the inside is a veritable camp-meeting ground for rats. McCulloh street is only taken by way of illustration. There are dozens of other and smaller streets where similar conditions prevail. Who are the losers in such instances? White people of moderate means are fast moving to the suburbs, leaving scores of such houses an immovable burden on the hands of helpless owners who can neither sell nor rent. This condition is growing worse and worse daily, with no relief in sight, and will so continue until the present form of segregation is abandoned. This is the condition as it affects the owners, 99 per cent of whom are white. "The condition of affairs from the colored man's position is almost as bad. Scarcity of purchasable property for him, as in scarcity of all other things, has doubled the price. Houses in the 500 block Presstman street, which a few years ago sold for $900 and $1000, have recently sold for as high as $2000 and $2200. Small two-story houses in the 1500 block Druid Hill avenue, with $74 ground rents, are selling for $1600 and $1700. Unscrupulous dealers are taking advantage of the restriction forced by segregation and are charging the most outrageous prices to colored purchasers. So eager are some of these dealers to take advantage of these conditions that they are selling property to colored people for one-thirtieth of the price down, taking a lien for the other twenty-nine thirtieths until they have drained the purchaser of every available cent and then evict him under a carefully worded contract, and in the final analysis the unwary purchaser has neither dime nor domicile. "Segregation, or the Ghetto policy, of handling this real estate, looked at from its most charitable viewpoint, is bad. It means depreciation to the white owner. It means confiscation to the black purchaser. Both suffer, principle is wrong and jurisprudence has as yet to find a right way to do a wrong act." Contradictory testimony from southern editors discloses the wretched unfairness of the segregation program. The editor of the Richmond, Va., Times-Dispatch, writing for northern consumption, says: "If a section of a city may be set aside entirely for residences, no reason is perceived why the residence district may not be divided into squares for the separate habitations of white and colored people. "Richmond's segregation ordinance is an unqualified success. It preserves the public. peace, stabilizes values and increases prosperity. In the light of the decision in the city-planning case, it is difficult to see how an adverse decision could be rendered." What could sound fairer? And yet the editor of the Richmond News-Leader bears testimony to the fact that under the Richmond ordinance the whites THE CRISIS get all the decent places, and the Negroes get nowhere: "When we say, as a city, that the Negroes shall not live in certain districts, then the very enactment carries with it an obligation to see that proper living quarters are provided for the Negroes elsewhere than in the districts denied them. This is all Richmond Negroes are asking for and this is the reason their appeal will not be in vain. "Exactly where new Negro residential districts can be opened to the best interests of all concerned is a question that must be studied with the utmost care." One cannot escape the logic of the New York Times, which appears to have found itself on the segregation question after having gone wrong in nearly every other matter affecting colored folk: " A man has a legal and constitutional right to occupy his own property! To exclude him from it on the ground of his color is a singular use or abuse of the so much overworked 'police power.' From the lay point of view, Judge Dyer's position seems inexpugnable; but 'seems' cannot be amended into 'is' until the ultimate tribunal has spoken." KILLING AND LYING MR. W. D. WEATHERFORD, in a pamphlet against lynching, which is being widely distributed, has this history of the rise of lynching: "It seems evident that the lynching habit in the South has, in general outline, grown up as follows: First, men lynched (whipped Indians) for misdemeanors, then they began to whip white men who committed crimes. Occasionally a Negro committed some crime and was summarily punished. After the war, it seemed necessary to mete out immediate and harsh punishment to Negro men who molested white women. Then it was an easy step to lynch a Negro for murder, and finally for smaller offense. From this it was no difficult step to lynching a white man for an assault on a woman, then it became easy to lynch a white man for murder, and so the process has gone forward, ever increasing in facility and excuse." The above analysis is untrue. Lynching did not arise in Reconstruction times. Negroes did not attack white women as soon as they were freed. Not only is this the plain teaching of history but southern men who are honest confirm it. Colonel D. S. Henderson, in a recent address at Columbia, S. C, is thus quoted by the Columbia State: " 'Race hatred' was not preached by the leaders of the 'Red Shirts.' On the contrary, the endeavor of General Hampton and his lieutenants was to impress the Negroes that the white people were their friends. There were riots and political clashes in which Negroes were killed in those days, but in 1876 the word 'lynching' was scarcely heard in South Carolina. In some of the counties numbers of Negroes voted the Democratic ticket and there is a record of a county Democratic convention in Barnwell in the late seventies in which about two hundred delegates sat and one-fourth of them were Negroes. Between 1876 and 1886 Ne gro Democrats were sometimes elected to the Legislature from Colleton, Charleston, Orangeburg and, we believe, Barnwell. In some other counties Negro Democrats were elected to minor offices." Mob violence arose in Reconstruction times, and then in the eighties an attempt was made to justify it by calling it punishment for crime. When real crimes came and a Negro criminal class was evolved the anger and resentment of the South knew no bounds and the lynching horror culminated in the early nineties. What was it that increased Negro crime? The convict lease system, and this which Weatherford scores: "We white men must start a crusade against the white vultures who prey on colored girls. Immorality with colored women is not nearly so prevalent as it was before the war. In fact, comparatively speaking, it is a thing of the past, but any man who knows the facts knows full well that for every white woman assaulted by a Negro man, there are a number of colored girls who are seduced by white men. If there were fifty white women assaulted by Negroes in 1916, I have not a doubt there were many times that many colored girls seduced by low-down white men. It is not a truthful answer to say that all colored girls are open to approach. That is a lie far blacker than the face of any Negro in the land. That there are thousands of modest and self-respecting Negro girls every decent southern man who knows the race must acknowledge. We of the white race must brand every white man who seduces THE LOOKING GLASS a colored girl as a fiend of the same stripe as the Negro who rapes a white woman." We quoted in April a southern woman writing in the Macon, Ga., Telegraph. We quote another white woman this month in the same paper: "You ask in today's issue of the Tele graph what Lincoln had done that we love him. He died a martyr to the cause of free dom, law, wisdom, justice, moderation and common decency. The South was so corrupt that it needs must take a crucified body to free her from the horrible condition she was in financially, physically, socially, mentally and morally. "Lincoln freed the South financially and physically because of the dependence of the indolent white race upon the slaves, to the extent that there were absolutely none of the younger generation with energy and ambition. "He freed her socially because of the ever- increasing number of half-breeds—a fact which even today makes every southern woman blush with shame when some brutish white man pretends that he helps to lynch a Negro in defense of his home and of south ern women. God be merciful to hypocrites! I would hate to feel that such beasts are my defense! The mental and moral freedom is included in the above, and social and physi cal degradation can but ruin mentally and morally. I never pass a half-breed but my face burns with shame that I am a southern woman, and I heartily thank God for Lin coln. "I am a southern-born woman—a Georgia woman, a Bibb county woman and the daughter of a Confederate soldier who still bears a scar of a wounded right arm. God works all things after the counsel of His own will." As the Detroit, Mich., Journal says, southerners are a bit incoherent and contradictory in their explanations of the race problem : "The difficulty of understanding the southern lynching spirit soon disappears after one has had a better acquaintance with actual racial conditions. For instance, on Sunday a Florida mob lynched John Dukes, white, for participating in a shooting feud with another white neighbor. The Negro must be suppressed. And the lynching of white business men is undoubtedly intended to impress the Negroes thereabouts. Just as soon as the subnormal colored epileptics hear of the lynching of this white man for shooting, they will immediately become nor mal and safe units in society. It was to overawe the Negro that the Atlanta mob lynched a Jew last year. So, at least, south erners have explained lynchings to us." If the matter stopped with incoherence it would be explicable; but why must the South lie? The Lexington, Ky., Herald says of the Dixon picture play: "False history is taught in the presentation of the operations of the Ku Klux Klan. Instead of a band of patriots, of high-minded and noble-spirited men, the Ku Klux Klan was a band of marauders who used the cover of night for the gratification of private greed, of passion, and of rapine. No more disgraceful was the regime of the carpet-bagger than the rule of the Ku Klux Klan." The Herald goes on to remind the South that during the war black men "protected the white womanhood of the South with ab solute fidelity and loyalty." It is natural that the National Tribune, the G. A. R. organ, should emphasize the false history of the "Birth of a Nation:" "The whole Ku Klux Klan idea was cow ardly and venomous to the last degree, and it is a wonder that the good sense of the good people of the South endured its degrad ing nonsense as long as they did. With all the contempt that the southerners pretend for the Negro, with the lack of ability, world-knowledge and force of character, which has been attributed to the down trod den race, yet the southerners would make out an exalted heroism, in a war upon a race which was everywhere inferior in number to them, and still more inferior in social position and education. It was cowardly because it was those who boasted their superiority, descending to sneaking midnight raids upon the humble huts of poor Negroes, fighting and even killing them. "There never was a redeeming feature about the whole disgraceful Ku Klux Klan system." The unspeakable libel against Thaddeus Stevens in that play led to a sharp battle when an attempt was made to introduce the play in his former congressional district. When the manager of the motion picture house at Lancaster, Pa., insisted on produc ing the film, the present congressman threat 74 TH E CRISIS ened to prosecute him for criminal libel, and the mayor declared that on conviction he would evoke the theatre's license. The manager tried to appeal to the courts, but finally yielded. Mrs. M. G. Brubaker, who started the local fight, writes us: "It is worth while to note, in explanation of Mr. Griest's letter, that by the laws, both of New York and Pennsylvania, to slander a dead man is criminal libel. The responsibility for foisting this infamy upon Pennsylvania rests primarily upon the State Board of Censors of Photo-plays, but had the judges of the courts in Philadelphia— and perhaps other cities—done their duty under the law, 'The Birth of a Nation' could have been kept out of many places on this ground." TEAPOT TEMPESTS THE outsider can scarcely realize the -"- spiritual tyranny in the South which begins with the Negro and ends in the most extraordinary places. A rich and prominent white woman of Memphis wished to reward some of her colored servants who had been in her employ some twenty years. She had them invite their friends and entertain themselves in her own parlor. The whole white city was apparently thrown into paroxisms of rage. The News Scimiter says: "Gorgeously dressed Negro women and Negro men attired in full dress suits and white gloves tripped to the strains of the latest dance music at the palatial home of Mrs. James H. Rees, 246 Madison avenue, a prominent Memphis society woman, Wednesday night, after a squad of police reserves, under Captain Couch, had quelled a mob in the street which threw eggs at the house and later at Mrs. Rees when she appeared on her porch." The Memphis Press says editorially: "The affair on Madison avenue, Wednesday night, caused a whole lot of wholesome indignation. It deserved condemnation. It got it. "In all probability there was a considerable amount of bad judgment back of the thing rather than a deliberate intention to stir up passions which are largely the heritage of an unhappy epoch, and which it is the duty of all good citizens, white or black, to keep suppressed." The poor lady is compelled to make almost hysterical apology in public print: "I realize, however, in view of the articles published in two of the papers, and the criticisms resulting therefrom, that my motives have not been understood. I further realize, and sadly, too, that I made a mistake, and am sorry. "I trust that my friends and the Memphis public will be gracious and kind enough to accept my sincere explanation. "I am a southern woman, and I have the same ideas on the race problem that any other southern woman has." What is this almost tigerish power in the South that compels this slavish kow-towing? One gets a glimpse of it in a paper of the "people," the Anderson, S. C , Farmers Tribune, an organ of the unspeakable Blease: "So, so, since Cole Blease delivered that famous Boston speech in the House of Governors, old sleepy Boston has woke up to the seriousness of the situation and we expect soon to see where they have drawn the color line and shut Mr. Nigger out of his associations with white people, and especially stop the nigger children and white children from going to school together. May be then Neils Christensen will stay in Beaufort, the county that he misrepresents in the state senate, and not spend so much time in Boston. It's a pity that Cole Blease don't take to the platform and speak all over the North and let that Yankee crowd know the truth, then they would quit blaming the South for her attitude towards the nigger." NEGRO ART THE development of a real Negro folk •*• theatre in the Harlem district of New York has long been foreshadowed, and may be a reality before another year goes by. The New York Tribune thus speaks of a recent performance of "Othello": "With the exception of Brabantio's temporary stage fright in the first act the actors gave their lines without a slip. In spite of the fact that the players are amateurs, the 'Othello' they presented was by no means an amateur performance, and there were moments, such as the drinking scene in the second act and one of 'Othello's' long speeches in the fourth, when even the most supercilious critic would have forgotten to find fault. "The production is a distinct achievement of the colored race, and if Harlem can only cultivate a taste for Shakespeare dur THE LOOKING GLASS 75 ing the two weeks that it will run the ambition of the courageous Mr. Wright, who has gathered together and trained the cast, will be fulfilled. He will be able to play 'Othello' at the head of his own company in an extended tour through the cities where there are theatres for the colored race." In the New York Morning Telegraph the following bit appears: " 'The Negro is better fitted for a service to art than is the white.' " "Jack Johnson's shadow dancing is the most beautiful dancing of modern times, and when he strikes a fighting pose we are carried back to the days of Greek bronzes.' ******* " 'Nearly everything that is a contribu tion to art which is typically American to day has been produced by the Negro.' " 'A Negro girl came under my notice who declared she could not draw. I gave her crayons and paper and told her to make a line with the crayons, if she could, using her own choice of color and her own idea of form. She produced in the course of time a picture which, if she had changed two straight lines and added one curved line, would have been one of the finest pieces of cubic art in this country, ranking with any that has been done here. And she had been given absolutely no instruction.' " 'The Negro lives a life, even in this age of cold commercialism, that is full of poetry.' "The foregoing quotations require an ex planation, because they sound radical, do they not? "If you really think so, drop in some time for a quiet chat with Robert J. Coady, at the Washington Square Gallery, and I am of the opinion you will hear many more radical statements, for Coady has the cour age of his convictions concerning art." THE COURTS THE most unforgivable thing about the white South is its corrupt courts. Southern testimony on this point is indispu table. The Elizabeth City, N. C , Inde pendent says: "A man to occupy the office of sheriff of this big, busy, prosperous county should be a sober man. Chas. Reid is a drinking man. His drinking of late has been disgraceful to say the least. A man who drinks is not to be entrusted with public money or with the custody of prisoners. "Some time ago there was a murder committed in this town. To be exact, a Negro drayman by the name of Cicero White was murdered. The sheriff of the county could have been of service on that occasion in helping the police of the town to catch the murderers. But friends of the sheriff said that Reid was 'in his cups' that night. The murderers of Cicero White had no trouble from the sheriff's quarter in making good their escape. "Sheriff Reid is not to be considered a responsible sheriff. This newspaper has already told how he went to Norfolk one day last summer and arrested an innocent Negro, brought him out here without extradition papers and kept him in jail for several weeks before admitting his mistake. Chief of Police Thomas, in an interview given this paper some time ago, said that he told Reid he had the wrong Negro, and Reid told him to keep his mouth shut, not to let the fact get to the public. "Sheriff Reid is in charge of the county jail and responsible for the keeping of all prisoners in that jail. An investigation of conditions at the Pasquotank county jail will reveal the most loathsome immorality upon the part of prisoners confined in that institution, if reports are to be believed; and this newspaper has its reports from persons who have been confined in the jail and in position to know of the conduct of the prisoners in that institution. "As a court officer, Sheriff Reid is not above suspicion. He has been charged with packing juries in behalf of his friends and against those who are not his friends. These charges have never been denied and the evidence is all against Reid. There can be no greater menace to the peace, happiness and prosperity of a county than a sheriff who will abuse and debase his office to thwart or misdirect the ends of justice. No county can afford to retain in office a sheriff upon whom such a suspicion rests. "This newspaper but briefly presents a few reasons why the candidacy of Chas. Reid should not be treated seriously in the present campaign. The gambling, liquor drinking, whore-mongering element in Elizabeth City and Pasquotank county will shout all the more vehemently for Reid after reading this editorial. It is from the drinking, gambling, whore-mongering element that Reid will get his chief support this time. The Independent makes no appeal to this 76 THE element; there is another, a higher, a bigger, better and more powerful element in this county." The Miami, Fla., Metropolis, says: "Is it anybody's business to investigate why a Negro gambler violates the law ten dollars' worth, while a white man committing the same offense violates the law but five dollars' worth? Is there no one in authority in Miami who has the manhood to put a stop to this infamous discrimination? "In the municipal court, Monday morning, seven Negroes forfeited bonds of ten dollars each, and ten white men forfeited bonds of five dollars each—all having been arrested for gambling and none of them appearing for trial. The white 'gentlemen' also gave fictitious names for police court records, another privilege indulged in by citizens of their class, for the sake of protecting their social standing. "But the Negroes' little crap game was a ten dollar crime—since a Negro in Miami has no vote and no political power. Even if he 'knows' anything about 'high-up folks,' the Negro's knowledge is of little danger— it's the white man who must be handled with tender care. "Naturally, it would seem that the white man had committed the greater crime; it would seem that the white man, in his pre sumably greater comprehension of law and morals, would be held a greater criminal than his ignorant black brother, and that in consequence his would be the greater bond and the heavier punishment. If there is any difference in the bonds imposed, it should be the white man who pays the ten dollars, and the Negro the five. "The Metropolis has been watching this proposition a long time. It has seen the Negro boot-legger sent to the convict camp while gentlemen blind tigers were dismissed 'for lack of evidence.' We have seen the alternative of a money fine save a white man from service on the county roads—the Negro serving his sentence in hard work, because he is without the funds to 'pay out.' It's an outrage, and reflects upon the honor of every decent white man in Dade county." OKLAHOMA AND THE SOCIALISTS OKLAHOMA has rewritten her "Grandfather" clause and it is before the voters in the coming election: CRISIS " 'I had rather lose every federal and state office in Oklahoma than to see the grandfather clause defeated at the coming election,' spoke J. B. A. Robertson, former candidate for governor, before the Democratic county convention. " 'I never have seen the enthusiasm in the Republican party in twenty-five years that there is now,' continued Robertson. 'We Democrats have got to stand together and fight to make this a white man's country. No white man who has the interest of the state at heart will oppose the grandfather clause.' " The Socialist Appeal To Reason says: "We wonder if the Socialists throughout the country really appreciate the tremendousness of the struggle that is facing the Oklahoma comrades. The Democrats of that state are stopping at nothing in their effort to 'beat the Socialists.' Afraid that the Socialist party may capture the state, the Democrats have passed a registration law which may result in the disfranchisement of the Socialists. Of course, the Socialists are already hard at work in a strenuous effort to have this corrupt law repealed. To show our readers how determined the anti-Socialists are, let us quote from The Clinton (Okla.) Chronicle, an organ of the Democratic party: " 'If we were a registrar under the new election law, we don't know any decent white Republican that we would dislike to register, but believe a Socialist or Negro would have a healthy chase to find us.' "In plain words, the Democratic registrars would simply avoid the Socialists. They are not expected, under the new law, to have a regular place where they are to register the citizens. They must be found. Corrupt politicians of the Oklahoma variety would be careful to let the Democrats know where they may be interviewed, but would certainly lead the voters of other parties a merry chase." The colored Black Dispatch, of Oklahoma City, says: "The Socialist party is preparing great colored posters, three feet by nine feet, which they intend to place in every voting precinct in the state. These posters will direct attention to a mass meeting of all citizens irrespective of party affiliation, to register the voters of that precinct. The posters will name Monday, May 1, as the day for this mass meeting. The Socialist THE LOOKING GLASS party especially invites the Negro to be present on that day so that he will have no difficulty in being registered and the Black Dispatch suggests that it will be a good idea for the Negro to follow this plan for the Democratic registrar intends to enforce the provisions of the statute that requires two freeholders to make affidavit that a challenged voter is a qualified elector. On that day there will be no trouble for black men to find there on the ground, freeholders who can satisfy the registrar. If he can be satisfied of your qualifications. Remember, no reading or writing goes, and do not forget that on the first Monday in May, sixteen days from date, a great opportunity pre sents itself especially to the Negroes who for the first time must register from the farms to go to the schoolhouse in their precinct and the Socialist party will help to see that a square deal is measured out to all." It looks as though Mr. Debs, in the National Rip-Saw, is right: "In every political party save alone the Socialist party the color line is sharply drawn, although every effort is made at election time to obliterate it and to have it appear that all men are equal without re gard to their previous condition of servi tude. A more ghastly lie than this was never told. The colored people in this coun try are to a large extent free in name only and most of them are actually deprived of the ballot. The politicians who do not open ly despise them, cunningly contrive to con trol their votes in a way to keep them where they are, and when the election is over one of their number, the most active ward worker, is given a janitor's badge and per mitted to clean the cuspidors of the white politicians in recognition of their political equality with the white race. "It is the veriest fraud and false pretense and no one knows this better than the hypocritical politicians who practice it. "In the Socialist party, upon the other hand, there is no color line. The only line drawn there is the class line, the line between exploiting masters and exploited wage-slaves." SOLDIERS VARDAMAN has had another spree in * the Senate. The Syracuse Post Standard says: "Senator Vardaman has not been heard from often since he left the governorship of Mississippi. His speeches appear in The Congressional Record, but in no publications that are read. The reason is simple enough. Vardaman's hatred of the Negro is his solo political capital. In Congress, with an Administration that has scrupulously and often cruelly avoided recognition of the Negro as a citizen, Vardaman has no text for ranting. "The senator seeks to make a case for his pet aversion in the army bill. He solemnly expresses his fear that under it Negro regiments will be recruited in the South which, in the hands of a 'hostile President,' may be used to oppress the whites. At the moment when a colored regiment is proving so worthy its traditions of glory in Mexico, this outburst is peculiarly ridiculous. It is gratifying to record that the senator who promptly poked fun at it was Senator Vardaman's colleague, John Sharp Williams. "The American Negro makes a splendid soldier. He is obedient, strong, courageous and satisfied. His regiments are always close to maximum strength. He does not desert. The Association for the Advancement of the Colored People has asked that, in the army increase, there shall be two Negro regiments. Their request should be granted. The Negro has proved his worthiness of the army uniform." John Kenneth Turner, in the Appeal To Reason, gives us all this food for thought: "That the Mexicans were not in a position to offer resistance, is proven by the fact that there was no resistance—no battle. NOT A SINGLE AMERICAN WAS KILLED IN EITHER 'ENGAGEMENT.' In the second, not one was wounded. Four were reported wounded in the first, but none so seriously as to make a trip to the hospital necessary. "Were these four Negro cavalrymen wounded by Mexicans, or by accidents incident to the chase? Did the Mexicans have guns? If so, isn't it likely that at least ONE American would have been killed? "Great God! WHAT is really happening in Mexico? Are our black dogs of war running amuck, slaking their blood-lust upon unarmed natives?" MISCELLANEOUS "WE have received a communication versity relative to conditions there. We fail to see that it improves the situation any. We sympathize with the students, but they have a wrong conception of duty and re 78 THE sponsibility. They were not sent to the University to play. They were sent there to study. The upper classes had their troubles and the upper classes were the ones to settle them. "In a large institution like that, if the students are to run the University instead of the regularly designated authorities, the sooner it is wiped out of existence, the better it will be for the one to be founded. One thing is certain, there was either something wrong with the students, or there was something wrong with the governing body. If a student has marked out just what he will do and what he will not do, regardless of superior authority, he is not suited to be a student. "We have too many of that kind of people on the outside now. Military discipline is needed at Howard University. A compliance with rigid rules should be demanded. As we before stated, there are no fundamental rights involved in the controversy, so far as the students' contentions are concerned. If our young friend has not been able to understand and realize this, then we have a very poor opinion of his ability to argue to a final and satisfactory conclusion."—Richmond, Va., Planet. "An interesting illustration is a play now running with much interest and success which presents with great artistic ability and skill the tragic problem of a man ap parently white, but with a slight and per haps questionable strain of Negro blood, from some remote ancestor, who marries a white woman, only to have his secret and shadowy misfortune shouted to the whole world by the birth of a black child! "The motif, of course, is nut new, any more than that of Shakespeare's most fa mous plays, but has been utilized to a vivid and harrowing effect in a score of different stories, novels and plays on both sides of the Atlantic under such titles as 'The Black Frankenstein,' 'The Inescapable Blot,' 'The Dark Secret,' etc. "Further than this we have all heard lurid and sensational stories, usually rather vague as to name, date and place, but most circumstantial and convincing in all other details, of similar catastrophes. In fact, the belief that an apparently white man or woman, even one whose ancestors on both sides have passed for white for several gen CRISIS erations, may at any time be suddenly confronted by his or her family skeleton in shape of a Negro child, is as universally believed and well attested as William Tell's apple, George Washington's hatchet, mad-stones, centenarians and hoopsnakes. "I am not concerned with the general merits of the play, its bearing upon race prejudice, etc. The only point to which wish to call attention is the fact that the episode upon which its whole appeal is based has never yet been known to happen. In fact, we are able to say that it is highly improbable that it ever could happen."— Dr. Woods Hutchinson in New York American. "This is what the Rev. William C. Jason, president of the State College for Colored Students, Dover, Del., says: " 'Do I want to be white? Yes and no. No, if it appears that with patience and fidelity we can in time work out our own destiny and witness the glory of achievement under surpassing difficulties. Yes, if we are to be perpetually reminded that a black skin is a badge of inferiority which no excellence of character or ability can make less odious to the majority of our fellow citizens. If a white man is the only man who is to be given a man's chance even in our common country, then would God we were white.'"—The World Outlook for March. "In your campaign for preparedness and for the development of this district as a part of an intelligent program of preparedness, it occurs to me that none have as yet stressed what may be in the near future the 'best bit' on the board. We have in this district all the raw materials for iron and steel making, money for chemical production, good rail transportation, water at our door the year round, neither freezing nor runs so low as to stop shipping, nor any reason that railroad strikes should stop production or shipments. And the only reservoir of labor, ready for use and untapped, to wit, about 3,000,000 strong, healthy Negroes, who today are earning a scant living on many farms in many districts, a burden on farm owner and merchant, and for the first time in our history the 'boll-weevil' has created a condition where the cotton farmer is willing for him to leave and engage in other work."—R. A. Terrell, of Birmingham, Ala., in the Manufacturers' Record. Editorial INITIATIVE SUBTLE are the ways of racial hatred. One method is to use secret but persistent care to keep the hated people from using their own initiative. They must be made meekly to follow; they must be persuaded to wait until others point the way. Recently in a United States government office it fell to a colored clerk to discover and point out a serious error on the part of his white superior officer. He made his memorandum with judgment and force and cited incontrovertible authority. He then laid the paper before his immediate chief. His chief hesitated and then said confidentially: "It is all right, Blank, but as a friend I would advise you not to put your name to it. You know our superior officer is a southerner and he would not like to be proved to be in the wrong by a colored man. Moreover there is probably some graft in this thing anyway which led to his original signature. Just send it in without your signature." The colored man hesitated but finally he said: "If you order that signature to be taken off, all right, otherwise it goes." The chief looked at him. The signature remained. What happened? We do not know, but we do know that there is one "mighty" mad southerner in Washington. CONSOLATION doctor in the United States, Dr. Anna Manning Comfort told of the indignities which she suffered at Bellevue Hospital in 1865 for the unforgivable crime of being female: "We had to go to Bellevue Hospital for our practical work, and the indignities we were made to suffer are beyond belief. There were five hundred young men students taking post-graduate courses, and we were jeered at and catcalled, and the 'old war horses,' the doctors, joined the younger men. "We were considered aggressive. They said women did not have the same brains as men and were not trustworthy. All the work at the hospital was made as repulsively unpleasant for us as possible. There were originally six in the class, but all but two were unable to put up with the treatment to which we were subjected and dropped out. I trembled whenever I went to the hospital, and I said once that I could not bear it. Finally the women went to the authorities, who said that if we were not respectfully treated they would take the charter from the hospital. "As a physician there was nothing that I could do that satisfied people. If I wore square-toed shoes and swung my arms they said I was mannish, and if I carried a parasol and wore a ribbon in my hair they said I was too feminine. If I smiled they said I had too much levity, and if I sighed they said I had no sand. "They tore down my sign when I began to practice; the drug stores did COLORED folk can always get not like to fill my prescriptions, and a dubious sort of consolathe older doctors would not consult tion in knowing that they have not always had a with me. But that little band of women made it possible for the other monopoly of the attentions of the women who have come later into the discourteous and the cruel. At a refield to do their work. When my first cent dinner given to the oldest woman patients came and saw me they said I 79 80 THE was too young, and they asked in horrified tones if I had studied dissecting just like the men. They were shocked at that, but they were more shocked when my bills were sent in to find that I charged as much as a man." Remember this is the story of the treatment of a white woman by chivalrous American white men, the same men who tremble with indignation lest a black man look at one of these beautiful creatures. PROTECTION THE editor of the Morning Tele graph of New York City ap parently spends most of his waking hours in a storm cel lar away from the buffets of this wicked world. He writes: "As to the Negroes, a writer in the Herald makes a hysterical plea for their de fense. 'America does not protect them,' says the writer. Protect them from whom? Who hazes the Negro, anyway? There is much flubdub and nonsense being written nowadays, but nothing more silly is seen in print than assertions that Negroes are be ing ill treated. The whites employ them and pay them. Negroes own land, attend schools, have their churches, enjoy life and are fairly prosperous. And more than that, the Negroes are satisfied, in the main, with their treatment in this country. Let them alone, everybody; they are working out their own salvation." Of course! To be sure! We know that the oppressed are always happy, particularly in the eyes of the op pressor. Witness the poems about "milking maids" ; the joys of the east end of London; the "picturesque" peasant; the "horny-handed son of toil." In this world-wide happiness the Negro, naturally, is part and par cel. "Who hazes the Negro?" Who has lynched three thousand of them in the last generation ? Who has mur dered about ten thousand more? Who CRISIS has raped their women and stunted their children? Who daily insults them from their getting up to their lying down ? And in spite of all this, do they not "enjoy" life? And are they not fairly "prosperous?" Or, at any rate, if the editor of the Morning Telegraph is enjoying life and is fairly prosperous, why should he be bothered about colored folk? THE CRISIS AND SCHOOLS WE have noted from time to time a curious attitude on the part of some of the col ored schools as regard to TH E CRISIS. For the most part, naturally, TH E CRISIS has been welcomed and read with avidity. In one or two cases it has been surreptitiously suppressed and kept out of the reading rooms, but protests from our friends have effected its reappearance with profuse apology. We can realize the thought back of some of these actions. How far shall colored students be encouraged to look the facts in the face, or how far shall they be treated as perpetual children with little pats on the shoulders, and "There, there, never mind"; and "Do your duty that is best, leave unto the Lord the rest!" Or how far shall they be faced frankly with the truth, aroused to the full realization of their position and then trusted to fight—to fight with discretion and broadmindedness if possible, but tofight for freedom and for right? A recent illustration of this dilemma comes from one of the large institutions of the southeast. A university Chapter of the N. A. A. C. P. had been arousing the institution body to the necessity of joining their society to fight for manhood rights. On the other hand certain members of the faculty dissuaded students telling them that to fight was "un-Christlike." A correspondent thus continues the story: "Very recently at chapel service a professor in the university told how he had the experience EDITORIAL of traveling in a crowded train when some of the ladies had to ride in the smoking car. He said the conductor requested a man to stop smoking, who said it was his right to smoke in a smoking car, and he did not intend to give up that right for anyone. He used this to show that colored people should not assert their rights, and advised them against standing firm on manhood rights." Here is the real inner Negro problem. There is no power on earth that can keep ten million people from having what they want if those wants are in reasonable consonance with the aspirations of civilized folk. But do we colored people really want our rights; do we dare stand and fight the good fight of faith ? TENEMENTS WE sincerely trust that indi viduals and organizations friendly to the Negro are not going to be led into segregation schemes and ghetto plans by organized real estate interests masking as philanthropists. Movements toward furnishing model tenements for colored people are on foot in New York, Chicago and other cities. They are on their face in every way commendable. For the most part colored people in large cities have been compelled to put up with the old fashioned, inconvenient dwellings which white tenants no longer wanted, or they have gotten hold of better class houses only by the payment of exorbitant rents. The experiments of the Suburban Homes Company in New York City show conclusively that an excellent class of colored tenants may be had and good accommodations furnished at a fair rental. This effort should be extended ; but when we find taking part in such philanthropic efforts the identical real estate interests in New York which have been working for years to oust colored people from the decent parts of Harlem and establish them upon the mud fiats of the river in the extreme northeast, we have a right to view the matter with suspicion. The crucial question is, in New York and Chicago, WHERE are these proposed new tenements to be? Are they to be in a segregated district, or are they to be where there is light, air, transportation and decent surroundings? One great victory for anti-segregation democracy has been the buying of a site for the New York colored branch of the Y. M. C. A. outside of the proposed segregated dead line. We would be very glad if the Urban League and the Harlem Property Owners' Improvement Corporation would let the public know where their proposed new tenements in New York are to be erected. DECEPTION ONE of the unforgivable things about the southern white press is the way in which it deliberately deceives its readers as to the attitude of civilized communities toward Negroes. Even the Columbia, S. C , State stoops to this petty deception. The State records the facts that hoodlums chased a Negro in Boston, and argues that the lynching spirit so far as Negroes are concerned is just as bad in Boston as in South Carolina, only that there are more policemen in Boston, and southern men are more "sensitive." This is nonsense. The fact of the matter is that Boston is more law-abiding, and that an accused black man there even in the midst of a mob can appeal to law-abiding bystanders and receive protection. In South Carolina the well-known innocence of a black man could only in exceptional cases appeal to the white bystander. The Atlanta, Ga., Constitution assumes that the appointment of Miss Bosfield to a position among white clerks in a hospital in Massachusetts was something exceptional and that they 82 THE revolted against it just as Georgia would have. This is untrue and the Constitution probably knows that it is. There are dozens of colored clerks, male and female, working with their white fellows in all parts of Massachusetts. Just as long as the South receives from its daily press the silly impression that other parts of the world are as crazy and unreasonable in their racial hatreds as are the southern United States, just so long there will be no appeal to reason in those half civilized districts. THE BOOMERANG FEW people realize how the southern white people suffer from their own prejudice. For instance. Senator Mc-Gehee of Mississippi has been trying to amend the constitution of that state because he says that the white children are not getting a fair deal. The real trouble is this: According to Section 206 of the Mississippi constitution each county of the state receives $1.50 per capita for each child of school age in the county. In the "white" counties this money is distributed among a large number of white children, the colored children getting a few remnants. In the black belt counties, where there are a very few white children and a large number of colored children the whites get the bulk of the fund, making their per capita allowance large, if not munificent. It has even been charged in the past that white school children have been sent to college on the public school funds. The colored school children get inadequate remnants. What Mr. McGehee and his fellows want is not by any means to have the fund distributed equitably among whites and blacks. Oh, no! What he is fighting for is to have the fund distributed according to the population of white school children. Black belt influence (that is, the influence CRISIS of the white barons of the black belt, not of black men) has hitherto prevented this, but the white Mississippi masses have the political power, and they are pressing for justice through injustice. FROM ATLANTA, GA. "PLEASE let me congratulate you and your staff on the most powerful publication in defense of right and justice circulated in the United States, TH E CRISIS. "I not only take it myself, but I purchase twelve copies every month and send them sub rosa to white friends and enemies in the South, and especially those of my city and state. Keep this to yourself. "I want to especially commend you for that cut on lynching, and your strong editorial on the shortcomings of the churches in general and the white churches in particular. That is a splendid and tender place to hit the hypocrite. Hope you will find time and space to hit him again. "I wish it was so that you could reproduce that cut on lynching on one page with some such inscription 'American citizens murdered by American citizens, and not one cent or one soldier sent to catch the murderer.' Then on the next page have a cut of the few white American citizens murdered by a few Mexicans, with some such inscription: 'American citizens murdered by a few Mexicans and ten thousand soldiers sent to catch them with the expenditure of millions of the government's money.' "O, ye white sepulchres—ye hypocrites ! The day will come when you will be weighed in the balance and found wanting. "This is just as I think about it, I will be glad to help pay for the making of such a cut of the Mexican mix-up." EDITORIAL LITTLE LETTERS FROM THE HEATHEN THE editor of the Saturday Evening Post writes to Leon Gardiner of Camden, N. J.: "Permit us to acknowledge your note of February 20 in which you were so good as to bring up an interesting point as to the capitalization of the word Negro. There is unquestionably something to be said in favor of the points you bring up, and we shall be glad to take the matter under further advisement." Funk &amp; Wagnalls write to Mr. Joseph L. Jones of Cincinnati, O.: "We have to acknowledge with thanks your letter of January 27, concerning the use of the word Negro with a lower case initial letter. We have noted that in certain newspapers the use of the capital initial is common, and shall keep your letter before us until such time as we revise our dictionaries, when the subject will be referred to our editors for action. "The writer is aware that when the word was originally used, it was capitalized, but is also aware that at that time the knowledge of the different tribes and races was restricted. He directs your attention to the table of African tribes in the new Standard Dictionary, from which stock many members of the colored race trace their origin. He realizes, however, that it is impossible for most of them to trace their origin back to any specific stock or tribe, and he feels that to call them Negroes is almost as contemptible as to call them blacks." Why is either "contemptible"? The Cincinnati Enquirer, writing to the same gentleman, lives up to its reputation : "We have given careful consideration to the suggestion contained in your letter, and can see no reason for changing the style of this office with reference to the use of the word 'Negro.' "It will avail nothing to enter into an endless discussion as to the reasons for using lower case instead of capital 'n' in the spelling of that word. We have, however, unimpeachable authority for the practice of the En quirer. Certainly this practice is not to be taken as a reflection upon your people." "THE NEGRO" DEAR MR. DUBOIS: My brother and myself read every day, after lunch, some standard work. In this way we have read together a good many volumes. For several weeks we have been reading in this way your volume, "The Negro." We have just finished it, and have been delighted with it. You have done a splendid work in the preparation of this volume and have rendered a most important service to the race. I wish that it might be very widely read, not only by the members of our own race, but especially by the members of the white race. You have brought to light so many things of interest in the history of the race and have discussed the whole subject so intelligently and broadly that even the enemies of the race will be compelled to take notice and to revise their judgment in regard to the Negro. You have shown that he is not the little, insignificent, worthless specimen of humanity that he is represented to be by these enemies. All he needs is the opportunity, a fair chance in the race of life. FRANCIS J. GRIMKE, Washington, D. C. The May CRISIS was wrong in attributing the quotation on the Liberty Bell to Jethro. Jethro's contribution to human thought, as Mr. Milholland writes us, was the idea of representative government set forth in the 18th chapter of Exodus. POLLY'S HACK RIDE By MRS. EMMA E. BUTLER POLLY GRAY had lived six and one- half years without ever having en joyed the luxury of a hack ride. The little shanty, merely an apology for a house, in which she lived with her par ents, sat in a hollow on the main road in the village, at least fifteen feet below the road; and when Polly sat or stood at the front window up stairs, she watched with envy the finely dressed ladies and gentle men riding by on their way to the big red brick building on the hill. On several occasions her secret longing got the best of her, and she mustered all the self control of which her nature boasted to keep from stealing a ride on behind, as she had seen her brothers do on the ice wagon, but the memory of the warm recep tion usually awaiting the little male Grays, accompanied by predictions of broken necks, arms, legs, etc., caused her little frame to shiver. Who then could say that Polly was want ing in sisterly love when she exulted in the fact that she was going to a funeral? What did it matter if Ma Gray was heart broken, and Pa Gray couldn't eat but six biscuits for his supper when he came home and found the long white fringed sash float ing from the cracked door knob? Polly reviewed the events leading up to her present stage of ecstacy: Ma Gray had sent in hot haste for Aunt Betty Williams, who came with question marks stamped on her face, and when she found Ella, the two year-old pet of the family in the throes of death she was by far too discreet to say so but advised Ma Gray to put her clown. Polly had then become afraid and had run down stairs. She felt it—yes, sir—she felt it 'way down in her "stummik!" Some thing was going to happen, so when Ma Gray appeared at the head of the stairs with eyes swollen, and still a-swellin', and told her in a shaky voice to go to school for the children, she knew it had happened. She started off at break-neck speed but, undecided just as to the proper gait for one bearing a message of such grave importance, she walked mournfully along for a while, then as the vision of a hack and two white horses arose, she skipped and finally ran again until she reached the schoolhouse. The afternoon session had just begun, as she timidly knocked on the door of the class-room where the two elder Grays were "gettin' their schoolin'"; and when the teacher opened the door, she beheld a very dirty little girl blubbering, "Ella's dead; Mamma's cryin'. Kin Bobby and Sally cum home?" Master Bobby and Miss Sally were dismissed with the reverence due the dignity of their bereavement, and on their way home they proceeded to extract such bits of information as they deemed suitable for the occasion: "Were her eyes open or shut? Had she turned black yet? Did Aunt Betty cry too? Did Mamma fall across the bed as the breath was leaving her body?" Whereupon Miss Polly, being a young lady of a rather keen imagination upon which she drew, and drew heavily in times of need, gave them quite a sensational version of the affair, and by the time they reached home they were fully prepared to grieve with a capital "G." Sally ran to Ma Gray and with a shriek, threw both arms around her neck, while Bobby fell on his knees by the deceased Ella, imploring her to come back and be his baby sister once more. Aunt Betty told her next door neighbor afterwards that she had her hands full and her heart full too, trying to quiet them. And if the smell of fried liver and onions had not reminded Bobby that it was near dinner time, she really couldn't tell how she should have managed them. As plateful after plateful of liver, onions and mashed potatoes disappeared, the raging storm of grief subsided in the hearts of the young Grays, and by the time dinner was over Bobby was kept busy unpuckering his lips to suppress a whistle, and Sally had tried several bows of black ribbon on her hair to see which one looked best. After the dishes were cleared away, and Ma Gray was scouring the floor in a solution of concentrated lye, water and tears, Uncle Bangaway, a retired deacon in the Baptist church, stepped in to pay his respects. Uncle Bangaway was considered a fine 84 POLLY'S HACK RIDE 85 singer in his younger days and was quite proud of the accusation, so he proceeded to express his sympathy for Ma Gray in the words of his favorite hymn, kept in re serve for such occasions: "Wasn't my Lord mighty good and kind? O Yeah! "Wasn't my Lord mighty good and kind? O Yeah! "Wasn't my Lord mighty good and kind "To take away the child and leave the mother behind? "O Yeah! O Yeah! O Yeah!" When he finished singing Ma Gray stopped crying to smile on him. It seemed that the hymn brought to her mind certain facts that were well worth considering. On the morning of the day appointed for the funeral, a dark cloud hung over the vil lage when Polly awoke, and her heart sank within her. Oh! if it should rain! Every hack she had ever seen on a rainy day had the curtains down, and there was no use riding in a hack if you had to have the cur tains down. Anyhow, she began to dress, and before she was half through the sun began to peep through the clouds, and fin ally it shone brightly; and so did Miss Polly's face. Who, then, could not pardon the cheerful face she brought down stairs where the funeral party was gathered? Dressed in a new black dress, new shoes, new hair ribbon, even new gloves, and a hack ride scheduled for the next two hours, was enough to make her very soul shine. She hardly heard the minister as he dwelt at length on the innocence of childhood; nor his reference to Him who suffered the little ones to come unto Him; but the closing strains of "Nearer My God To Thee" seemed to awaken her from pleasant dreams. When the funeral procession started out Polly felt very sad, but the tears wouldn't come and, of course, "you can't make 'em come, if you ain't got no raw onions." Now, it fell to her lot to sit in the hack with her great uncle, "Uncle Billings" Ma Gray called him, but Polly often wondered why Pa Gray spoke of him as "Uncle Rummy." One of the many reasons for Polly's aver sion to Uncle Billings was because of his prompt appearance before dinner every Sunday, when ho would call her mother's attention every time she, Polly, took another doughnut or cookie. So you may be sure her spirits fell when she realized the state of affairs. On the way to the cemetery neither found much to say to the other, but when they started home Uncle Billings began to lec ture Polly concerning her apparent indif ference to the family bereavement; during which discourse Polly sat without hearing one word, as her mind was otherwise en gaged. She was trying to think of some manner in which to attract the attention of the Higdon girls as she passed the pump; she knew they would be there. Before her plans were matured, however, the red bonnet of Cecje Higdon loomed up at the corner, and standing right behind her were Bessie and Georgia Higdon and Lucy Matthews. Now was her chance! Now or never! So she sprang from her seat, leaned far out of the window, and gave one loud "Whee!" to the girls, waving her black-bordered handkerchief meanwhile. Uncle Billings had just dropped off in a doze, and Polly's whoop brought him out of it so suddenly that he could find nothing more appropriate to say than, "Hush your noise, gal!" when with a sudden jerk the hack stopped and they were home. As Polly alighted from the hack, she began to realize how, as a mourner, she had lowered her dignity by yelling from the window like a joy-rider, and she was not a little uneasy as to how Ma Gray would consider the matter should old Rummy inform her. So during supper she cautiously avoided meeting his eye, and as soon as she had finished eating she ran upstairs to change her clothes. Here her mother found her later, with her head resting on the open Bible, and when she tried to awaken her she said, "Yes'm, just tell him not to drive quite so fast." THE CRISIS SONG OF THE AMERICAN DOVE (Written after reading "Song of the American Eagle.") By LUCIAN I BUILD my nest not on the crest Of the mountain-throne, but in the breast— The sheltering arm of the forest warm, Where my dovelets swing 'mid the maddest storm: Here I see and sigh! 'neath the grieving sky, Lo, a race is hung on the trees to die! A-wing I go, and the land below Is riot-red with a cruel woe; For the hand of Hate, at a furious rate, Is sowing the seeds of a terrible fate; And each venomous seed is the prejudice weed That buds and blooms with a murderous deed! Oh, I love the land of Justice grand, Where men are free, heart, head and hand; Where the smile and nod of the greening sod Are bright and glad with the gift of God: Where over the plains and the mountains reigns The flag that frees each soul from chains! B. WATKINS "Land of the free," whose flag I see! What boots thy boast of Liberty? What avails thy might, while in thy sight A race is robbed of its dearest right? Hark! I hear the yell of the hounds of hell— Thy sons obsessed with the lynching spell! How I long to see thy Liberty With e'en thy lowliest subject free; With none denied or crushed in pride, But souls ascending side by side; Thy streaming Stars and bleeding Bars Thus mean a victory more than war's! "Let freedom ring!"—'tis well to sing, But let it from the mountains bring— Not only to the fortunate few— Its peace to all 'neath the "Red, White and Blue!" Ah! I see and sign, 'neath the heavens high, While a race is hung on the trees to die! AN APOSTROPHE TO THE LYNCHED By LEILA AMOS PENDLETON HANG there, O my murdered brothers, sons of Ethiopia, our common Mother: Hang there, with faces upturned, mutely calling down vengeance from the Most High God! Call down vengeance upon this barbarous nation; a nation of hypocrites, time-servers and gold-worshippers; a nation of ranting, ramping, stamping creatures who call themselves evangelists and who practice the evangel of restriction and proscription; a nation of wolves who hunt in packs and who skulk away if caught alone; a nation always ready to "avenge" itself against the weak, but with mouth filled with ready excuses for not attacking the strong. Hang there until their eyes are unsealed and they behold themselves as they are and as they appear "to an amazed world! Hang there until their ears are opened to the ominous sounds of warning! Hang there until their foresworn souls perceive the true meaning of Liberty and Justice, until they catch a glimmer of the meaning of Christianity! Martyrs to lawlessness, bigotry prejudice, if you by dying can accomplish some of these things, Death will have been swal lowed up in Victory. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People THE SEGREGATION ISSUE neutralized by the advertising which this THE Supreme Court of the United States opposition has given the film. But such on April 17 restored to its docket for incidents as this, copied from the Chicago reargument before a full bench the case American of April 24, explain how imposinvolving- the constitutionality of the Louissible it is for the branches of this Associville, Ky., segregation ordinance which was ation to abandon the fight: argued the previous week before seven jus "LAFAYETTE, IND., April 23.—After wit tices by Moorfield Storey, National Presinessing the picture of 'The Birth of a Na dent of the N. A. A. C. P., and Clayton B. tion,' Henry Brocj, who five weeks ago Blakey, of Louisville, representing this Ascame here from Kentucky, walked out on sociation. Chief Justice White gave no exthe main street of the city and fired three planation for the decision to have the case bullets into the body of Edward Manson, a reargued, but it is believed the court is Negro high school student, fifteen years old. about evenly divided on the question. The boy died to-night. There was no pro It will probably not be reached by the full vocation for the tragedy and Brocj is in court until after the opening of the term jail under charge of murder." in October, by which time it is hoped the The City Council of Des Moines, Ia., after nomination of Mr. Brandeis will have been a splendid fight by the Branch, barred the confirmed. production by a vote of 4 to 1 under author On the same day Judge Dyer in the ity of an ordinance which forbids stirring United States District Court issued a temup race prejudice. The Gary Local sucporary injunction restraining the city officeeded for the second time in stopping the cials of St. Louis from enforcing the two "Birth of a Nation" from showing; and the segregation ordinances passed by that city opposition has been as vigorous along the at the special election on February 29. The Rio Grande as the pursuit of Villa, and much Judge declared he would have issued a more successful. Emory D. Williams, a permanent injunction except for the fact member of the El Paso Branch, persuaded that the Supreme Court has under considthe management at Las Cruces, N. M., to eration the Louisville case which will derefrain from showing the film; and the cide the fate of the Negroes in a dozen cities. most objectionable features were eliminated He said that as a citizen he had voted when it was shown at Douglas, Ariz. Jasagainst the two ordinances and that at the per B. Williams, President of the El Paso time he thought them unconstitutional; as Branch, and U. S. Goen, formerly U. S. Disa jurist he held the same opinion. trict Attorney, carried on a vigorous pub "The Negro," the court declared, "is enlicity campaign which was largely respontitled to the same rights as is a white man. sible for the successes. In Tacoma the film And, gentlemen, it would be a shame for was blocked by a city ordinance won through me not to administer justice to them. The the untiring efforts of Col. Albert E. Joab Negro doesn't want social equality. He and Evan S. Stallcup, a son of the late wants the same rights before the law as Judge Stallcup, two distinguished white the white man and he should have them." members of the National Association who are always to be found on the firing line in Wells H. Blodgett, Isaac H. Lionberger, any struggle for human rights in the NorthFrederick Judson, and George B. Webster west. were the attorneys for the colored people. The injunction restrains Mayor Kiel, the Regarding the question of credit for its Board of Police Commissioners, the City suppression in Ohio, recently raised by the Counselor, and other city officials from eseditor of the Cleveland Gazette, the only tablishing the Negro ghetto. credit desired by the N. A. A. C. P. is that of having fought the thing consistently THE successes in two states and several STILL FIGHTING THE FILM wherever we have a branch from the day cities won by the colored people of its first production in the United States. against the producers of the great spectacle We only wish we could divide honors with which seeks to defame them, is largely more men like Harry C. Smith. 87 88 THE THE GRAND PRIZE SCHOLARSHIP THE Pittsburg Branch has just an nounced the winner of the two hundred dollar scholarship awarded for turning in the largest net amount in Association memberships and CRISIS subscriptions in the contest last fall. Donald Jefferson, who was chosen from among four candidates because of his character and scholarship, is a Pittsburg boy of twenty, the son of William Jefferson, of 1608 Colwell street. He graduated from the Pittsburg High School in June, 1915, where he stood equally high in his class and on the athletic field, having won his letter in track and baseball as well as making half-back on an all-star football team. At present he is employed in one of the local drug stores. The scholarship will enable him to carry out his ambition to study chemistry, and is good for the year 1916-17 in any American institution for higher education to which the candidate is eligible. THE CLEVELAND CONFERENCE THE first District Conference to be held by branches of the National Association will occupy four sessions on May 30 and 31, in Cleveland, O. Delegates from the Pittsburg, Columbus, Detroit, Toledo, Buffalo, Dayton, and Springfield Branches will participate in the following program which has been arranged by a committee of the Cleveland Branch headed by F. E. Young: At the afternoon session, May 30, a symposium will be held on Community Problems and on Women's Responsibility in Building up the N. A. A. C. P.; at the evening session the Mayor will welcome the delegates, and Judge E. J. Hart, delegates, and the president of the Cleveland Branch will speak. The afternoon session on May 31 wall be given over to a discussion of The Negro's Opportunity in the Industrial Fields of the North, and to Efficiency of Branches; Governor Willis, of Ohio, and a representative of the National Office will address the final session. The idea of this conference is one that should appeal to all branches. Distance makes it impossible for many to send delegates to the annual meeting of the Association ; the number of branches and locals is becoming so great that it is equally difficult for National Headquarters to keep in personal touch with the sixty-five smaller units. It is therefore proposed that the CRISIS DONALD JEFFERSON N. A. A. C. P. organize in ten district groups, each to hold an annual conference during the first fifteen days of November under the auspices of some central branch. The following districts are suggested tentatively: District I: Boston, Providence, New York, Newark, East Orange, Trenton, Philadelphia. District II: Washington, Howard University, Baltimore, Lincoln University, Virginia Union University, Harrisburg, Baltimore County Local, York, Pa., Local, and Wilmington. District III: Pittsburg, Cleveland, Detroit, Columbus, Toledo, Springfield, Ohio, Dayton, Buffalo. District IV: Louisville, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Terra Haute, Vincennes, Indiana, and Evansville, Ind. District V: Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul, Minneapolis, Gary, Ind., Galesburg, Peoria, Champaign, Decatur, and Danville. District VI : St. Louis, East St. Louis, Alton, Springfield, Ill., Jacksonville, Ill., Quincy, Carbondale, Cairo, and Mounds Local. District VII: Kansas City, Mo., Kansas City, Kans., St. Joseph, Topeka, Des Moines, Muskogee, and Denver. N. A. A. C. P. District VIII: New Orleans, Shreveport, Key West Local. District IX : Los Angeles, Northern California, Albuquerque, and El Paso. District X : Portland, Seattle, Tacoma, and Walla Walla. APRIL GAINS ANOTHER ease of Civil Service discrimi nation has been won by the Washington, D. C , Branch in securing the appointment of a colored girl who stood highest on the list, but who had been repeatedly passed over until within two weeks of the expiration of her eligibility. The treatment of Mrs. H. E. Plunkett by the New England Sanatorium indicates that there is amply need for this Association even in the home of the Abolitionists. Mrs. Plunkett and her husband arranged over the telephone for her confinement at the Stoneham institution. Their carriage called and set her down at the door about 8.30 in the evening. Soon after, a nurse came into the waiting room. "Oh, you are colored, aren't you?" she asked. "Obviously," Mrs. Plunkett replied. The patient waited nearly an hour, then Dr. Cross came in. "Why didn't you tell me you were colored? I would have saved you the trouble of coming here. It would make no difference if you had money to pay for a room." Mrs. Plunkett asked that she be sent home at once, but was told that the team had been put up for the night. She was shown to a bed in the maternity ward, a screen was placed about it to shield the other patients from contamination, and she was given permission to sleep. No night dress was offered her. "The hospital had none, and of course none of the patients would loan one to a colored woman," Dr. Bliss testified later. Twelve hours of tears and agony intervened between her arrival and the time when she went, unassisted, to the carriage that bore her home, resolved to die with her unborn rather than risk such humiliation again at the gentle hands of organized charity. At the meeting of protest which was immediately organized by Mrs. Butler R. Wilson of the Boston Branch, the head of the institution rose and disavowed the acts of his assistants; but it is a pleasure to record that the town of Stoneham is suing the hospital for the taxes from which it was exempted when it pretended to come within the definition of a "charitable institution." Boston, too, has been making a strong appeal to have colored girls admitted to the department stores as saleswomen; two thousand replies from patrons of the stores received by the Branch indicate clearly that prejudice against colored clerks is imaginary rather than real; the general Boston public is entirely willing to be served by anyone who is efficient. Along the same line, the Cleveland Branch is making an effort to open more places to colored men in industry, and report that several large factories in Cleveland and neighboring towns are beginning to employ colored labor in large numbers. MEETINGS MISS KATHRYN JOHNSON, Field Agent for the N. A. A. C. P., has been carrying the faith of the new abolitionism into darkest Louisiana during April. As evidence of just how dark the situation is, she calls attention to an eight column heading in the Shreveport Times: "Every loyal Democrat's ballot is needed to administer a crushing defeat to the first attempt in twenty years to Republicanize Louisiana and destroy white supremacy here," which is to be read along with the inscription over a choice collection of guns in the vestibule of a local museum: "These are the guns with which we maintained white supremacy at the polls in Louisiana." After affecting a reorganization of the Shreveport Branch, Miss Johnson plunged into the ten days' campaign for five hundred members which New Orleans is carrying on as we go to press. The sixty members of the Branch organized in five teams which report daily at the Y. M. C. A. Our latest word is a telegram requesting several thousand more membership blanks, so we trust the hosts are rallying. A meeting was held on April 28 to discuss initial steps for organizing a New York Branch. Charles H. Studin, of the Board of Directors, presided, and the meeting was addressed by Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, Mary White Ovington, and Mrs. Butler R. Wilson of Boston. A committee of thirty appointed at that meeting are at work upon the details of organization. Mrs. Wilson and Archibald H. Grimke, President of the Washington Branch, addressed practically the entire student body THE CRISIS and faculty of Lincoln University on the evening- of May 1, the beginning of commencement week. Mr. Grimke spoke on "Negro Ideals and Aspirations," and Mrs. Wilson on the N. A. A. C. P. The latter addressed the One Hundredth General Conference of the A. M. E. Church in Philadelphia on May 4, and the night previous raised a generous contribution for the Louisville segregation ease at a meeting arranged by the Newark, N. J., Branch. Through the courtesy of Rev. Percy Grant, the Public Forum of the Church of the Ascension, New York, was turned over to the N. A. A. C. P. on Sunday evening, May 7. "Race Discrimination and How to Combat It" was the general topic, Dr. Du Bois speaking on the National Problem, Miss Mary White Ovington on the Position of the Negro in New York, and Mrs. Butler Wilson on the Work of the National Association. In an address before the New England Dry Goods Association at the City Club in Boston on April 18, Moorfield Storey, National President of the Association, said that color prejudice was doing more to prevent the advancement of the race than all the efforts of education and social work in the other direction. "You cannot plant in the community a body of men who feel that they have been injured without in the end paying for it, as Massachusetts and Boston are now paying for the prejudices which were held a few decades ago against the Irish, by the class government which the latter wield." Musicales, too, have been part of the month's branch activities. Baltimore netted seventy-five dollars on a concert given by the Williams Colored Singers; and Cleveland presented Misses Pinckney and Nickerson and Mr. Allen, from the Oberlin Conservatory of Music, in a recital on May 3. The latter branch also held an enthusiastic mass meeting early in April which was addressed by Major John R. Lynch. JUVENILE DEPARTMENT THE second annual event given by the Junior League of the District of Columbia Branch took the form of a play which was written by Miss Hallie E. Queen. The children of the Junior League who so creditably enacted the parts in the drama are deserving of all praise. The speeches which the author put into the mouths of her characters as she developed the action of the play were stimulants to thought on the part of the young people. There have been many requests for a repetition of the play, and it is heartily recommended for production by the branches everywhere. THE WASHER-WOMAN By OTTO L. BOHANAN A great swart cheek and the gleam of tears, The flutter of hopes and the shadow of fears, And all day long the rub and scrub With only a breath betwixt tub and tub. Fool! Thou hast toiled for fifty years And what hast thou now but thy dusty tears? In silence she rubbed . . . But her face I had seen, Where the light of her soul fell shining and clean. THE GEORGIA ODD FELLOWS The Georgia Odd Fellows 1. A STATEMENT FROM BENJAMIN J. DAVIS. BACK of all the Odd Fellow troubles in Georgia is the desire of Grand Master Morris to perpetuate himself in office. A secondary factor is the customary attitude of certain members of our race toward others who have succeeded in getting visible results. When Edward H. Morris was made Grand Master at Baltimore in 1910 it was by means of the representatives from Georgia. J. C. Asbury, who was the defeated candidate then, left the Order and attempted to organize a separate Order of Odd Fellows. Morris made a sacred pledge that he wanted the office for only two years because he was going abroad and desired to enjoy the privileges which his rank would give; that when the Biennial Movable Committee should meet in Atlanta two years hence he would not be a candidate for office, but would use his efforts to elect B. J. Davis. Morris broke his word in Atlanta by refusing to enter into the election and adjourning the meeting, keeping himself in office. Because under the law he was ineligible to succeed himself, in Boston he had the law of succession repealed. Knowing that at Washington this year Georgia's representation would be large enough to prevent the continuance of these tactics he conspired to place back into the Order an expelled member, A. Graves, who brought certain so-called charges against the District Grand Lodge officers. These charges alleged gross mismanagement of the Order's business, insubordination and contempt of the Sub-Committee of Management, and oppression of the women members of the Order. The evidence at the trial showed, instead of mismanagement, the growth of the Order in Georgia in ten years from near bankruptcy to nearly three-quarters of a million in assets, and under the same management; of no order or decree of the Sub-Committee having ever been violated; of the salvation of the Household of Ruth from bankruptcy by taking over their Endowment Department and putting it on a business basis. We were found guilty—of what no one knows— and Ingram, District Grand Master, and Davis, District Grand Secretary, were sus- GRAND MASTER E. H. MORRIS pended for one year, while the charter of the State Organization was revoked. No provision was made to carry on the business of the Order, which has cash collections of nearly twenty thousand dollars a month, and with assets of nearly seven hundred and fifty thousand dollars. At one stroke all form of organization was wiped out, the charter revoked, the active officers removed and no provision made for either reorganizing the Order, or the placing of any one in charge. To prevent dissipation and loss the State Courts were invoked and receivers requested for the Order's affairs. The Court appointed the same officers elected in August as receivers. To strike down a man who stood in the way of his ambition, Edward H. Morris has endeavored to destroy the wealthiest Negro concern in the world, to stop its growth and dissipate its accumulations. I do not claim all the credit for what the Odd Fellows of Georgia have done, but at least I conceived the idea, furnished the plans and the inspiration, and actually did by day and night much of the hard work. Visible success is distasteful to some of our people, and so I have made enemies. I am fighting the Sub-Committee decrees, not for my selfish interest, but to preserve to the race the THE accumulations of these years, to disprove the theory that the race can create but cannot preserve. I am right, and though I go down in defeat it will not conquer my soul or weaken my will. I should begin all over anew and do it all over again, for what I have done I still can do. 2. A STATEMENT FROM THE GRAND MASTER. THE highest executive and judicial au thority in the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows in America is the Sub-Committee of Management. In this body is vested the power to establish, regulate and control all other branches and members of the order. The enactments of the Biennial Movable Committee, the highest legislative branch in the order, may be declared unconstitu tional, void or inoperative by the Sub- Committee, subject in this regard only to review by the Committee of Management. Every branch of the order, and there are more than forty thousand, owes its existence and right to be classed as one of the links in the chain of Friendship, Love and Truth to either the Committee or Sub-Com mittee, and in many instances to both. The Sub-Committee consists of nine mem bers, viz: A Master, Deputy, Treasurer, one Secretary and five Directors, chosen every two years by various delegates from lodges in the Biennial Movable Committee assembled. Whoever is of the order and desires to remain one of its vast army, now more than three million (over half a million in the United States), must bow in obedience to the law of the order; not the law as he thinks it is or ought to be, but the law as defined, construed, interpreted and de clared by the Sub-Committee. In addition to the inherent powers of the Sub-Committee it is expressly provided by one of the written laws enacted by a Biennial Movable Committee that "the Sub-Committee of Management shall have orig inal jurisdiction to punish any lodge, Dis trict Grand Lodge, or member thereof for any failure, neglect or refusal to obey any order, mandate, ruling, decision or judgment, of the Sub-Committee of Management." At one of the regular meetings of the Sub-Committee it ordered and directed the District Grand Lodge of Georgia and the officials thereof to do certain things, and to CRISIS refrain from doing certain others in rela tion to the Endowment Department of the Household of Ruth, the female branch of the order. Complaint was made to the Sub-Commit tee by various members in Georgia that its orders were not being obeyed, and there upon a rule was entered against all parties concerned to show cause why they and each of them should not be adjudged guilty of contempt of the Sub-Committee. After a full and complete hearing by the entire Sub-Committee, all parties being present in person and by counsel, two of the defendants were found guilty and declared suspended for one year. The other de fendants were acquitted. The strength and glory of the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows is its universality and oneness; an Odd Fellow in New York, California, Africa, Cuba or Great Britain is not a New York Odd Fellow, a California Odd Fellow, an Odd Fellow of Africa, Cuba or Great Britain, but an Odd Fellow. It is this that makes the order worth the while. The Sub-Committee is the tie that binds the link that holds them all together. The loss of two men or two hundred men, no matter who they are or what places they have held, can make no vacancy in the ranks of the order or cause more than passing notice. The order marches on and on, and speeds the going of all who do not obey. He who would lead must know how to follow. He who would teach must know how to obey. B. J. DAVIS Curtains of Gloom TWO BOYS TIME moves rapidly after the days of •* kilts and "Buster Brown" suits. Theodore and Marion spent the first years of their lives on the campus of Fisk University, in Nashville, Tenn. White and colored were so mixed there that they had never heard of distinctions till we moved to Louisville, Ky., in their fifth and seventh years—they to enter the public schools and I to teach in the high schools. Not long afterwards they came home from school one day greatly puzzled. "Papa, are we colored folk?" They were seeing their first street fights between the white and colored children, and they were hearing things about colored folk. Later on there was more definite teaching about prayer. "Papa, do you mean I have to pray for white boys, too?" That was Theodore. He could not see why he should pray for boys who called him "nigger" and threw rocks at him. When they came to the eighth grade my little colored boys were no longer in exist ence except in feature and color. In thought, action, purpose and ambition they had become white boys. All the books they read were about white boys—fine boys, too. All the girls they read about had blue eyes, golden hair and rosebud lips. All the his tory they studied never told anything worth remembering and calculated to inspire ex cept about white people. The only pictures of colored children they saw were the "Gold Dust Twins," and all that kind of fine art which those artists so love to hold up in ridicule. They are not to be blamed, of course, for they never saw any colored chil dren whose young faces showed character and bright hopes for all the blessed condi tions of life. So my boys of their own ac cord in mind and thought were white. The week before Thanksgiving Day Theodore's teacher assigned for the subject of his essay to be brought in The Manners and Customs of Our Forefathers. When he had written all he knew, he came to me with this re-, quest: "Papa, will you give me some points about the manners and customs of our fore fathers?" "Certainly, son; our forefathers in summer time went bare-footed, worked the plantations, wore copperas pants, and our mothers wore bandannas around their heads." I can hear still the snort of disgust which cut short my enumeration of valuable points. "You know that I mean our Pilgrim Fathers." Yes, I knew.knew that my boys, in character, intelligence, hopes, and in all commendable boyhood things were white except in the privilege to make the most of themselves without having to fight proscription every inch of the way in life. At last they came into the high school and began to talk college, and the days were but few till I saw them off on the train for college, with all their gay life and hopes for the future. For years it had been just we three, and the days that followed were lonely ones for me. But I looked four years ahead to the commencement season of 1916, hoping to get my boys back with finished education and consequent college culture. Last spring I brought Theodore home and was told that he was in the incipient stage of tuberculosis. The blow was so staggering it well nigh benumbed my senses, but for a while I was reassured, so rapidly did he respond to the heroic measures taken. But in the early fall he began losing ground, and by November I was told that his only hope lay in getting in a good tubercular sanatorium in a favorable climate. Denver was recommended. I found upon inquiry that all the sanatoriums of Denver closed their doors against colored people. Saranac, New York, was tried in vain. Through a friend, Colorado Springs was canvassed and no reply of any kind seemed forthcoming. I wrote the head physician of the Denver City Hospital to rent a private ward. "No," came my telegram. In utter despair, December 11, I sent my boy to Dr. Westbrook to get him in a colored family for such benefit as could be had under such a situation in a favorable climate. After he was gone word came from a friend in Colorado Springs saying St. Francis, a Catholic hospital, would take my son. At the end of the first week in January, 1916, a telegram came telling me my boy had come near to death in a violent hemor 93 94 THE rhage. I went on to him as fast as steam could take me. He rallied, and at this date is about and doing well. After an examination by one of Denver's tubercular experts I was told that to take the boy back to Kentucky would mean certain death, but that if I should take my son down into New Mexico or Arizona, there would still be some hope of recovery. I wrote Dr. Shortle's sanatorium at Albuquerque, N. M., St. Vincent, the Catholic sanatorium at Santa Fe, N. M., and the Tucson, Ariz., sanatorium. From Albuquerque came the set reply, "We do not take colored patients." No reply has come from Tucson. From St. Vincent, the Catholic sanatorium at Santa Fe, "We will take your son; the rates are eighty dollar's per month." God bless St. Francis, St. Vincent, and the Catholics forevermore. In our sorrowful quest—in the unspeakable agony and heartbreak of it all, hunting for a place where my boy, smitten with death, might make a last stand and have the pitiful chance to make a fight for his life, we brought along with us the culture of Fisk University, Hartford Seminary, the University of Indiana, but we had to bring along also the fact that we are colored, and no matter what else we had, nor how grievously a boy on the threshhold of useful and most promising manhood was smitten, that "colored" was enough to put us with all except the Catholics beyond the pale of a common humanity. A black bear, a hound dog, a chimpanzee are creatures also that suffer and die with tuberculosis. Had these applied at these sanatoriums could they have been more ruthlessly and with less compunction shut out? Santa Fe is secured, but the boy is suffering from the altitude of Denver, and Santa Fe is higher than Denver; but after a week or ten days more we must move on from Denver southward, still hunting a suitable place. The expense is enormous. My salary is all I have with which to support my boy, and that stops all the time I am away on leave of absence; but I cannot take him back to Louisville and I will not leave him without being provided with the care and security of sanatorium provisions. I will fight to the last ditch, and, if I must, go clear down to the gates with him, that being the eternal limit set as the distance one mortal may go with another. I am rushing through my new book of poems. If you will take a copy to help us, send $1.50 to Mr. W. L. Evans, CRISIS 920 West Chestnut, Louisville, Ky. In my absence he has the publication in charge. With me now it is my hour of the greatest heartache and the greatest need I ever knew. Any friend who will take a copy of the book and be enough of a book agent to pass this to another may help to give me victory for my boy's life. G. M. MCCLELLAN. m PROGRESSIVE OKLAHOMA THE Bristow Record and the Bristow En terprise, two white weekly newspapers published at Bristow, Okla., both featured on the front page a story of a Negro committing the crime of burglary on Monday, April 24, and both told of the severe punishment dished out to the colored man who had stolen from white men. On the same day, April 24, at Bristow, a fiendish white man criminally assaulted a thirteen year old colored girl and was arrested and afterwards released on a straw bond approved by the same justice of the peace who so severely punished the colored man for stealing, but neither of these white papers published a single line about the white man who committed the crime of rape! This is adding insult to injury. It manifests a spirit of unfairness which lurks only in the hearts of beastly moral cowards. No really good citizen who respects the law and loves the sanctuary of his own home would condone by silence the unspeakable crime against woman. And for two news papers in a town where such crime is com mitted to refuse to publish it because the criminal is a white man and the victim a col ored girl, renders the crime the more ap palling because it bespeaks a dangerous so cial condition. The colored people of Bris tow have proved themselves law-abiding, peace-loving- citizens. They have appealed to the law but, so far, in vain. This puts it squarely up to all race-loving colored men in Bristow to take the protection of their wives and daughters, sisters and mothers in their own hands and defend them against the fiendish, unscrupulous white hell-hounds who are permitted to commit all manner of crime against them. If the criminal in such case should happen to be a colored man, both the Record and the Enterprise would work overtime to get out a special edition, or a full front page write-up, picturing the antics of the "fiendish black brute" and the angelic virtue of his CURTAINS OF GLOOM victim. But in this case they are as silent as a tombstone. No self-respecting colored man or woman should subscribe for such narrow, prejudiced and unfair papers as these. Law and order demands that J. R. Middleton, the white rapist of little Emma Charles, a thirteen year old colored girl of Bristow, and the would-be mob-murderer of Daniel Sea, grandfather of the girl who caught him in the act, be punished, and by the eternal gods, if there is any justice in Oklahoma, he must be. The Star will not rest until this crime has been avenged!— Tulsa, Okla., Star. In Checotah, Okla., about two years ago, a white woman returned home one evening, very much bruised and injured. She stated to her husband and friends that a "big, burly Negro had mistreated her." The writer was in the town when this hap pened. Immediately the bloodhounds were brought down from Eufaula, the county seat, and next day a strange Negro, whom no one seemed to know, was lodged in jail and identified by the assaulted woman. Later on in the day another white lady appeared at the sheriff's office and convincingly explained that on the night previous she had caught this woman, who said she had been assaulted and who had even identified her assaulter, with her husband and said she: "I put every bruise and mark on her myself." The strange Negro, who just happened to be bumming through the community, was turned loose. Everything quieted down, but not until almost every one of the humble homes of black folk of that town had been turned upside down in search for a criminal who never existed, except in the heart of a woman who would destroy a human being for pride and a good name. No, that town was not quiet until a gang of hoodlums had been dispersed who had gathered together to lynch an innocent black man. Last year a poor little black-skinned, nineyear-old girl told a pitiful story of how she had been enticed into a back room of a white shoe maker on his pretense of sending clothes to her mother to be washed. The poor little girl bore unmistakable marks of this brute having carried out his fiendish intentions—but he was white! and she was black—and even though this heinous crime was brought to the attention of the authorities, nobody suffered but the poor little black-skinned daughter of a washerwoman. Truly, the evil thoughts that fell from the lips of Chief Justice Taney years ago live today and the Negro has no rights that the white man will respect. Could any Negro be blamed for trying to shield that poor, helpless, penniless member of the race at Checotah who, but for the frankness and honesty of an enraged wife, would have been lynched? Does anyone feel that the scales are ever very evenly balanced when the law will wink at white men for the same offense for which white hoodlums "best citizens" instantly feel that they must destroy unconvicted and sometimes innocent black folk?—Black Dispatch, Oklahoma City, Okla. MISCELLANEOUS BENSON, one of the few post offices in - the United States under the management of Negroes, is to go dead June 30, and a rural route, with a white man carrier to be substituted in its place. Benson was founded and named for a Negro, William E. Benson, the leading citizen of a community of one thousand prosperous Negroes. The post office has been doing good work for years, and the present Democratic administration inconveniences these Negroes very much by this change. Miss Malvenia Chandler graduated from Minneapolis South High School recently. In a class of one hundred and twenty-seven she finished with the first three receiving honorable mention. In appreciation of her scholarly attainments the superintendent of the school had an opportunity of recommending a student to one of the largest milling establishments in the Northwest for a position of stenographer. Without hesitating he recommended her, adding that though she was colored, for ability she outranked any of the other members in her class. The manager of the concern promptly replied, while appreciating her qualifications, he could not give her the position on account of her color; adding not that he cared, but that on account of the other employers. Aside from being a brilliant student. Miss Chandler is an accomplished pianist of an amiable disposition and an obedient daughter. THE CRISIS OUR BRAVE POLICEMEN "After a terrific struggle the burly Negro was finally subdued.' THE CRISIS ADVERTISER STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY STOCK Constitutes the most popular investment today Because It has the three important elements of a good investment Safety Convertibility Profit I And more, no financial organization stands higher before the public than the | Standard Life Insurance Company. It has the hearty endorsement of Insurance j Commissioners, of prominent insurance men and officials, of leading financial and j insurance journals and papers—North, East, South and West. The stockholders | (350 in number) are among the most careful, successful, trustworthy professional | and business men and banking institutions of the race. I Life insurance is a rich business. It pays handsome dividends and pays them I often. It is an all-year-round' business. No dull months. No form of investment I has proven more safe and profitable than the shares of stock in an Old-Line Legal j Reserve Life Insurance Company. All companies that have been carefully man| aged have paid large returns to stockholders. | The Standard Life Insurance Company has had a healthy growth, and a low j mortality since commencing business in 1913. With a held practically to our! selves and practically limitless, the stock is sure to increase rapidly in value and I to pay large dividends. The company is now on the eve of being on a dividend1 paying basis. I At the rate that subscriptions for this stock have been coming in, the entire I issue will be placed within thirty days. 1 You may secure this stock— 1. By paying cash $200.00 a share. 2. By giving First Mortgage on Real i Estate for 5 years. 3. By paying 20 per cent cash ($40.00), and balance 20 per ! cent ($40.00) in three, six, nine and twelve months. 4. By a small first payment I of $8.00 and $8.00 monthly payments. 1 This is worthy of your consideration. I STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 1 1 HEMAN E. PERRY President I desire to purchase A. L. LEWIS Florida Vice President r I THOS. H. HAYES, Tennessee. Vice President shares under option No 1 R. L. ISAACS, Texas Vice President l EMMETT J. SCOTT, Alabama... Vice Pres. above. I enclose first payment of HARRY H. PACE Secretary-Treasurer $ herewith. Please H. C. DUGAS Asst. Secretary c t f C. C. CATER, M.D Medical Director forward all papers necessary to WM.H. KING Director of Agencies WM&gt; H complete the subscription. | J. C. NAPIER, Nashville, I Chairman Advisory Board Full Name I HOME OFFICE: Address I 200 AUBURN AVENUE Cit y a n d Stat e ATLANT A GEORGI A (C, June, 1916) Mention T h e Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National President Vice-Presidents MOORFIELD STOREY, Boston OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, New York REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES, New York Chairman of the Board of Directors JOHN E. MILHOLLAND, New York DR. J. E. SPINGARN, New York ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE. Washington Director of Publications and Research MARY WHITE OVINGTON. Brooklyn DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS. New York REV. G. R. WALLER, Springfield, Mass. NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD ROY NASH Treasurer Acting Secretary ADDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Chicago Brooklyn New York JANE ADDAMS DR. V. MORTON JONES REV. HUTCH1NS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY DR. O. M. WALLER REV. W. H. BROOKS MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Boston New Haven PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD GEORGE W. CRAWFORD CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL BUTLER R. WILSON Philadelphia ARTHUR B. SPINGARN CHARLES H. STUDIN Baltimore Dr. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR DR. TOHN G. UNDERHILL BISHOP JOHN HURST Washington LILLIAN D. WAL D DR. F. N. CARDOZO PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING SEGREGATION passed during the last two months in St. Louis, Dallas, and Oklahoma City. Unless you believe in Negro ghettos, help us to fight this issue through the courts by joining the N. A. A. C. P. We need 1,000 more $5 memberships right now. Sustaining Members pay $25.00 per year Contributing Members . $2.00—$10.00 per year Associate Members $1.00 per year The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. MEMBERSHIP BLANK Date , 1916. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street City and State Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 99 TAKE N FROM NEALE'S List "The Nealc Publishing Company possesses a rare reputation for its standard series of works on American history."—Toronto Mail and Empire. The Facts of Reconstruction. By John R. Lynch, colored; formerly Member of Congress; later Fourth Auditor of the Treasury; at present Major in United States Army. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. The Negro Races: Second Volume of the Series, Containing a Full Account of the Slave Trade. By Jerome Dowd, white; Professor of Sociology and Economics, University of Oklahoma. The price of each volume of the series is $2.50 net; by mail, $2.65. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors. By J. N. Leger, colored; formerly Minister from Haiti to the United States. Illustrated. Two editions; one in English and the other in French. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Monroe Doctrine in Its Relation to the Republic of Haiti. By William A. Mac-Corkle, LL.D., white; author of "The White Sulphur Springs," published by this house, and other books. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales. By Joseph S. Cotter, colored; Principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Something new in literature. $1.00 by mail. The Political History of Slavery in the United States. By the late James Z. George, white; formerly Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Mississippi; later United States Senator. Introduction by John Bassett Moore, Professor of International Law and Diplomacy, Columbia University. Edited by William Hayne Leavell, United States Minister to Guatemala, who supplies a sketch of Senator George. A comprehensive survey of the political history of slavery in this country. $3.25 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church. By John H. Reed, D.D., K. C, colored; with an introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. The Seed That Was Sown in the Colony of Georgia. By Charles Spaulding Wylly, white. "No one," says the Knoxville Sentinel, "has better understood the institution of slavery, its mission, and its defects," than Colonel Wylly. $1.35 by mail. Race Adjustment: Essays on the Negro in America. By Kelly Miller, colored; Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences and Professor of Mathematics, Howard University. Third thousand. $2.15 by mail. Dean Miller's latest book, "Out of the House of Bondage," which is also published by this company, has already reached a large sale. $1.65 by mail. The Black Man's Burden. By William H. Holtzclaw, colored; Principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, Utica, Mississippi. With an introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Illustrated. Third thousand. $1.60 by mail. Chief Characteristics of the Southern Negro. By E. H. Randle, A.M., LL.D., white; Dr. Randle discusses the changes wrought in the Negro character by the conditions of his freedom, the specialized education that the Negro requires, the Negro as a wage earner, his social qualities, the effect of the elective franchise, and many other matters. $1.00 by mail. The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem. By James S. Stemons, colored; Field Secretary of the Joint Organization of the Association for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. $1.00 by mail. Race Orthodoxy in the South. By Thomas Pearce Bailey, white; formerly Professor in the Universities of California, Chicago, and Mississippi, and now a Professor in the University of the South. $2.15 by mail. Redder Blood. By William M. Ashby, colored. One of the few novels of the Negro by a Negro to be published in this country. Mr. Ashby is a Yale man. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam. By John Walter Paisley, colored. This volume of poems, by a teacher of literature, deserves a place in the rapidly increasing library of American Negro poets, to which Dunbar, Corrothers, Braithwaite, and others have made valuable additions in recent years. $1.25 by mail. My Ogowe. By Robert Hamill Nassau, M.D., S.T.D., white; for forty-five years a resident of Africa; pioneer and explorer; scientist and man of letters. The work of a lifetime; 700 octavo pages of text with 50 full-page illustrations. $3.25 by mail. Dr. Nassau's book entitled "In an Elephant Corral" is also published by this house. $1.00 by mail. The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status. By William Pickens, Lit.D., colored; Dean of Morgan College, Baltimore. Dr. Pickens was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class and won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. Although a young man, he has won distinction as a scholar; he is easily among the foremost men of his race. $1.60 by mail. Order through TH E NEAL E CO. ,44-Fourth Avenuenew TH EYork City PUBLISHINGOr CRISIS ,70Fifth avenueNewYork City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the NegroProblems Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. TH E CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE By James F. Morion, Jr., A. M. pionAn of equal rights. aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Be longs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by Effie T. BATTLE, A.M. "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "You owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advo cate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W. Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL, Okolona, Miss. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION By T. G. STEWARD A book of 300 pases, beautifully Illustrated. Tells the story of the birth of the Black Republic. $1.25 NET "No one can read this book without a greater love of free dom."—Kansas City Sun. "No more interesting book has been written "—Armyand Navy Register. "Picturesque story."—Boston Transcript. "In a word the book is excellent."—Louisville News. "Should be read by every colored man and woman in Amer ica."—Chicago Defender. "Wonderful book. "—Amsterdam News. "Temperate, comprehensive, instructive."—Columbus Evening Despatch ORDER FROM THE AUTHOR T. G. STEWARD, WILBERFORCE, OHIO Or from THE CRISIS. 70 Fifth Ave., New York. Mention THE CRISIS Colored People's Progress A new race history, soon to be placed on the market at $1.50; an inspiring volume, showing the wonderful advancement of the Colored Americans, reads like magic, so rapid has been their progress in every department— Industry, Science, Art, Religion, Literature. Imparts practical suggestions for self-improvement and teaches the way to success. The publishers, Austin &amp; Jenkins Co., Washington, D. C, are now placing agents. Anybody can sell. SECURE THE AGENCY AT ONCE by getting a fine prospectus by sending 10 cents in postage. AGENTS make $10.00 per day. It sells on sight. BOOKS! BOOKS! YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE 135 W. 135th St., New York City WORLD'S FAMOUS NEGRO WRITERS Bargains in Rare Books Mail Orders Solicited Open July 1st Closed September 1st THE OCEAN HOUSE SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservator;' dining room where one has a beautiful view of the sea while dining, and every room opens on the ocean. Special rates for July: room and board, $8.00 per week. Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee, 5 Plain St.. Elmhurst, L. T. Address after June 22nd, Ocean House, Sea Isle City, X. J. BOOKS? See the Selected List on the Inside Front Cover Rid your house of roaches with "Deli" Roach Powder 25c. and $1.00 BANEKER CHEMICAL CO. 809 N, Jefferson Ave., St. Louis, Mo. Agents Wanted THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	10 1 If It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio Starta Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 an d up. W e offer you thirty live, money-making mail Order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. W e furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today— Now! j MAIL	 DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517	 Dearborn Street ' Chicago, Ill. TEACHERS The new efficiency era calls selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our	 list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403	 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. COLORED HELP WANTED Private families (also Hotels, season 1916 SUBURBAN TRADE SPECIALTY Houseworkers $25-$35; cooks $30$100; chambermaids, waitresses $25$30; waiters, useful men, butlers, $25-$60; couples $50-$80; other positions, good pay. Send stamp for reply. N.	 Y. &amp; N. J. INDUSTRIAL EXCHANGE 1931 Broadway, cor 65th St. New York City. Samuel T. Marrow Prop.	 Mrs. E. Marrow Asst. I FEET PAINLESS treatment for CORNS. BUNIONS, INGROWN NAILS, AND ALL other AILMENTS of the FEET. • Examination and Advice Free. ^fcaB B^^T DR. WILLIAM J. CARTER CHIROPODIST Telephone 1284 Audubon. 167 West 136th St., New York City. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. By our method, apt students write stenography, transcribe their shorthand notes and operate a type writer accurately in 60 days. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, Pres. A HOME	 STUDY COURSE SHORTHAND! THAT BRINGS RESULTS. A course in standard PITMANIC Shorthand written just as a teacher would explain it. Not a newly invented system to be learned in a week or so, but the kind of shorthand now in use made simple enough for a child. With the completion of the twentieth lesson you are able to do court reporting. PRICE OF COURSE. $6.00. for	 the modern way of Address SHORTHAND DEPT., 4277 Cote Brilliante. St, Louis. A Step Forward toward recognition, independence _ and wealth is to own one of our desirable building lots, garden plots or farms. Why slave for the landlord? Let us build you a home on a rent paying basis. Improved City Building Lots, $100 up. 1/4 Acre Garden Plots, $32.50. Good Farming Land, $75 an acre. $3.00 Down and $3.00 monthly. No interest and no taxes. Guaranteed titles. THE N. T. HEGEMAN CO. Builders and Developers, Suite 32, 9 Church St., New York City. Agents Wanted,	 men and women, on attractive terms. Colored agents wanted everywhere to supply the big demand for our high grade Calling Cards. popular styles and sizes for ladies or gentlemen, with or without address, 100 for 50 cents or 50 for 30 cents, postpaid. Big commissions. outfit furnished. all orders filled promptly. Write for samples and terms The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. GANTT QUINO SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE Enroll in our Correspondence School. Anything in Beauty Culture. By Mail. Diplomas issued. Terms Fine, Quino Hair Grower, 50c. Temple Oil. 75c. Try a Box. Write: QUINO. 636 Fogg Street. NASHVILLE. TENN. Mention	 T he Crisis 10 2 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Evans Art Pianos and Players Factory to You $125 and up can be saved by my plan of selling direct from my factory to you. I can save you from $125 to $250 on an Evans Artist Model Piano or Player. Theeasiestkindofterms,week- ly, monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen. jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. These are some of the reasons whyI1 can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons. 30 DAYS FREE TRIAL W e allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirety satisfied, we will take it back without any cost to you—you are the sole judge to decide. If you want to keep it, you may do so on our low factory wholesale price on most convenient terms. Music Lessons Without Cost To every customer we will give a two years course of piano instruction free. Ask about our insurance plan. Write today. STORY &amp; CLARK PIANO CO. F. O. EVANS. Gen. Mgr., Dept. B 35 Chicago LEGAL DIRECTORY T.l.„t,„„... /Central 104-W Telephones: | a n Mi 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counsellor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St , Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney-at-Law Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W . F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore. Md. $60 A WEEKandthisfreeautomobile EVERY AGENT CAN GET AN AUTO FREE NO CONTEST Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years YOU—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows,anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with me. Are you that kind? I want you to advertise, sell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 60 years- the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating Tub Furnished- Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house.. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years, Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 80 days. Rev. Otto Schulze. Mo., got $1000 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 In 17 days, Hamlinton, of Wyo , made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitions, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week. H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG, CO. 4198 Factories Building TOLEDO. OHI O PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR..GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W . 135th Street New York City J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business Information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W . E. BURGHARD T D U BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 volumes now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editor, are Professor. GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per _ volume. Each complete and sold separately --50c. net Postage extra "A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 7 0 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR : Musician HIS LIFE AND LETTERS By W. C.BerwickSayersIllustrated SAMUEL COLERIDGE-TAYLOR, the first composer of classic music to come from the colored races, was born in London forty years ago. His genius asserted itself at the early age of six when, as one of his admirers describes it, he was found "holding a very small-sized violin in one hand, and playing at marbles with the other." The real discovery was, however, made by his guardian, friend, and benefactor, Colonel Herbert, of the Queen's Regiment. At thirteen, he was a brilliant solo violinist. Entering the Royal College of Music in 1890, three years later, he won an open scholarship for composition. His progress was marked by such landmarks as "Hiawatha's Wedding Feast," known the world over, "Herod," "Ulysses," "Nero," "Faust," "Endymion's Dream," "A Tale of Old Japan," "Othello." The tribute we pay to the darker races of the world who have produced artists, thinkers, and composers is notorious by its absence. Proud of his race, it was indeed characteristic of the sturdy, honest nature of Coleridge-Taylor that he never sought to keep in the background his Negro origin, but, on the contrary, was thoroughly proud of it and of his own position. Of the fascination the tale of his life holds for a biographer, it is needless to speak. Mr. Berwick Sayers has brought to his loving task an enthusiasm which makes of his volume charming reading. Alfred Noyes, in the poem entitled "Samuel Coleridge-Taylor," writes: The spark that falls from heaven, not oft on earth, To human hearts its vital splendor gives; His was the simple, true, immortal birth! Scholars compose; but THIS MAN'S MUSIC LIVES. Price, $2.25. Postage Extra THE CRISIS :: :: :: 70 Fifth Avenue, NEW YORK CITY Th e Journa l o f Negr o Histor y Published Quarterly Edited by 10 0 Pages CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON, 2223 12th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS