The Crisis The Crisis New Year 1922 Price 15 Cents Turning Hard Times into Prosperous Times The year 1921 will ever be remembered as the period of "America's Hardest Times" following the World's War. Conditions would be worse than now were it not for the Herculean efforts of those determined spirits who are forcing- the wheels of progress to continue to revolve. THE SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., INC., is proud to be numbered among those who are trying to keep the Door of Opportunity open. The cut below shows the new $200,000.00 four-story and basement modern fireproof building erected by the Society at 7th and Tea Streets. N W., Washington, D. C, to help turn Hard Times into Prosperous Times. Not only does the Superior Policy of Protection, issued by the Society, keep the wolf from the door of all Southern Aid Policyholders but its policy of constructing modern office buildings, in the various cities where it operates, makes it possible for our professional and business interests to have suitable quarters—like the best had by other races—in which to display their talents and wares and to do better business. Therefore by its Insurance Policy and, as well, by its Business Policy the Society is daily helping to turn Hard Times into Prosperous Times. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street, RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies in Virginia and the District of Columbia Insures Against Sickness, Accidents and Deaths J. T. CARTER, PRES. B. L. JORDAN. SECTY. W. A. JORDAN, ASST. SECTY. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 23—No. 3 JANUARY, 1922 Whole No. 135 Page OPINION THE WORLD AND US; N. A. A. C. P. AND XMAS; THE HARDING POLITICAL PLAN; MR. HOWARD; THE CHURCH; NEGRO ART; COOPERATION 103 HAPPY NEW YEAR! KELLY MILLER; L. G. JORDAN; C. C. SPAULDING; BISHOP HURST. . 108 PLACIDO. James Weldon Johnson 109 A TALE OF THE NORTH CAROLINA WOODS. Arthur Huff Fauset Ill THE NEGRO. A Poem. Langston Hughes 113 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 114 THE ARKANSAS PEONS. Conclusion 115 THE HORIZON. Illustrated 118 _ "LOOKING BACKWARD". Jessie Fauset 126 IN THE FRENCH WEST INDIES. Filogenes Maillard 127 THE LOOKING GLASS 128 THE FEBRUARY CRISIS Will contain an illustrated article on Howard University by E. C. Williams. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTION'S TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the pest office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it l* young in history, tne Institution feclf a juit pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible position!, thus demonstrating the aim ot the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Trminimg Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arte and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For farther information and Catalog, addreee President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School LINCOLN UNIVERSITY FOR COLORED YOUTH Pioneer in Collegiate and BORDENTOWN, N. J. A hl|h Institution tsr the train ln| of colored Theological Education youth. Excellent equipment, thorough Initructlon, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various students. Courses In carpentry, agriculture and trades Tor boys. professions in Forty States. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic science and domestic art for The College is ranked in Class I. by the girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. American Medical Association. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and moderaly equipped. Address: Terms reasonable. Fall term opens September IB, 1921. Joan 1. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, For Information address Chester County, Penna. W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Cheyney Training School For Wiley University Teachers Cheyney, Pa. Marshall, Texas Made in 1910 an accredited State Normal School, offering, in addition to the regular Normal Coarse of Recognized as a college of first class by two years, professional three year courses in Home Texas. Louisiana. Arkansas and OklaEconomics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of homa State Boards of Education. Harthese courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year vard. Boston University. University of High School Course is offered to all who have com Illinois and University of Chicago reprepleted the eighth grammar grade. sented or. its faculty. One hundred Send application now for fall term opening September twenty-seven in College Department, ses20th, 1921. sion 1919-1920. Several new buildings, For further particulars and catalog, write steam heated and electric lighted. LZ8L H rrSTCKNIY HILL, Principal, M. W. DOGAN, President Cheyney, Pa. THERE WILL BE NO SUMMER SCHOOL FOR ltZl Mention T Ml Calais, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers full courses in the following departments. College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial, Good water, steam heat, electric llgnts, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Winter Term Begins December 7, 1921 For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxvllle. Term. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Tear High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medlcal Course 53rd year of nine months opens September 21, 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President ftye Jfloriba Agricultural anb ifflecfjanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In tho State having for Its Collegiate. Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for colored citizens in Kentucky. . Special training In Insurance. Social Service. Nursing ana Hospital Wort . „ , „Normal. Commercial, Music. Domestic Science. Missionary training class. . m Crenlnj classes, correspondence course. Degrees •nerea. Pre.ident C. H. Parrish MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent yean for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHAHLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, operated under Lhe auspice* of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and S iences, Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course Is tiie requirement for entrance to ihe first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin, The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept, For further information, address President H. L. McCrerey. Charlotte. N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: iheology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J, S. FLIPPER. Chairman Trust** Board Mention T n Cuni. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 BEREAN Manual Training and Industrial School (Non-Sectarian) S. College Ave. &amp; N. 19th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Winter Term Opening January 3, 1922 DA Y AN D NIGH T SESSION S Write1926 for Bulletin to theMATTHE W ANDER S. College Avenue, Principal SON, D.D.  Philadelphia, Pa. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1J67 for the Education of Negro Leaden Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration. Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona. Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocatienal. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for MARY McLEOD BETHUNF, Roger Williams University,NASLLE' FOUNDED 1866 LOCATION IDEAL ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY is the largest institution in the Southland built, owned and operated by Negroes. It offers courses in the Liberal Arts College, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. Athletics is one of its strong features. Perhaps no scene in and around Nashville is more beautiful than that of Roger Williams University. It stands upon the lofty banks of the Cumberland River in sight of the government's lock and dam. The roaring waters as they fall over the dam in their onward march to the sea lend enchantment to the scene. FALL TERM BEGINS SEPT. 19, J921 For Catalog and Information Write SAMUEL A. OWEN, President JOSEPH YL BRICK AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIAL and NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, N. C. This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. Teachers and officers, 25; enrollment, 350; boarders. 220. Cottage and buildings, 84. School farm, 1,129$4 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 34 weeks. Environment fine. School receives four mails a day. Our postoffice handles money orders, registered matter and parcel post mail. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal. BRICKS. N. C. VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY (Richmond, Va.) In addition to regular hlijh school, college, premedica! and theological courses, now offers an espe cially arranjred course in connection with the School or Social Work and Public Health or thU city. This course will lead to a decree. For particulars address The President Catalog. --Principal. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND. LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman' , Home Xlision Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from tlx different itatei. Graduate, exempted on flnt grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, Pretidtnt ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Eplacopal boarding scaool for girls, under the direction of the ,1 iters of St. Mary. Addreaa: TE E SISTER IN-CHARGE. 6188 Oermantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. KEOISTEB NOW SEASONABLE TXB.MI Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box »», Wllberforee, O. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurse* Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Mention TU B Caws. THE CRISIS Vol. 23. No. 3 JANUARY, 1922 Whole No. 135 Opinion of W.E.B. Du Bois THE WORLD AND US UNEMPLOYMENT To us the great outstand ing fact today is lack of work and low wage for such as we get. We suffer with the world in this after-war difficulty, but human misfortune beats the more mercilessly upon those who are already unfortunate. When therefore, we know that between three and five million American workingmen are today unemployed, we may shrewdly guess that in their ranks are nearly a million colored men and women. The black man is the first laborer to be discharged, the first one to have his wages decreased, the last one to be re-hired. While we suffer most we are not the only ones that suffer. Throughout the civilized world isr this problem of unemployment, and with it the contradictory fact that to retrieve the losses of the war the world needs work as never before to furnish food and clothing and shelter. What is wrong? The answer is War. War past, present and future. War has destroyed faith and wealth, and human beings. The machinery of industry has broken down and until, slowly and painfully, it is restored, we must suffer. DISARMAMENT MOST of us may think that we have little personal interest in disarmament. We have only to remember that in the last fifty years, the United States Government has spent thirty-four billion dollars for war and only ten billions for everything else. This means that every American family contributes two hundred and fourteen dollars a year to pay the 1921 taxes, where the same family paid thirty-three dollars a year to pay the 1913 taxes. The burden of this cost of war has become intolerable, and it falls heaviest on the poor and the black. The world is meeting to try and throw it off but no sooner does it meet than the race problem appears. We can disarm only because of faith in each other. The white world is asking how much faith they can have in Japan; but Japan and India and Africa and even the wise ones in China,—in fact, the majority of men —are asking seriously, in view of the past, how much faith we can have in the white world. Take the matter of China: Who are the aggressors upon China? They are Great Britain, France and Japan; and of these three the greatest and most persistent aggressor has been Great Britain. Yet there is not the slightest chance of Great Britain giving up today a single advantage that she has in China, while, on the other hand, insidiously and carefully prepared propaganda, is making the white world think that the only enemy of China is Japan. The whole thing could be easily settled. There is Australia, a great empty continent containing five million people, where it could easily support one hundred million. It is being held for white settlers who do not come, while colored people are being kept out. Let Australia open its doors to its natural colored settlers; let Great Britain give up Tibet, Szechuan, 103 THE CRISIS Hong-Kong, Weihaiwei and her economic concessions in the Yangtse valley ; let France surrender Indo-China and her industrial domination in south China; let Japan get out of Kiao Chow, Mongolia and Manchuria; and let the United States cease her frantic efforts to force white debt slavery on China through a consortium of big banks. Then the East could well afford to give up its armies and navies and seek the path of peace. HE strike is a method of industrial war STRIKES fare by means of which white laborers in the last century have bettered their condition. Colored laborers have not been able to do so because they have been excluded from white unions, and have not themselves yet learned, or been in a position to learn, the secret of organization. They have consequently been tossed back and forth as shuttle-cocks between white employer and white union laborer. They look, therefore, today, upon the strike as either something that does not concern them or an opportunity to get a job which a white man has given up. Few of them are in the clothing-making industry and are not to' iched by the garment makers' strike. Very few of them were threatened by the proposed railway strike. Large numbers of them are always involved in coal and packing house strikes. But whether directly involved or not, they must watch this industrial war with palpitating interest. Undoubtedly the strike as an industrial weapon is toe costly and is passing, but the union organization is still here and the colored laborer must learn to use it. IRELAND ANDINDIA THE real question of Ireland today is how much of the island is _ going to be allowed to govern itself and now much of it the industrial interests of Ulster are going to be able to keep as a part of England, and as a center of English power. The Treaty of Peace brings Irish Freedom nearer and increases the hope of freedom for all men. In India the case is more complicated. Here are hundreds of millions, ignorant and poverty-stricken almost beyond belief, and yet upheld by fine traditions of family, work and religion, who are seeking to gain control of their own lands and their own souls. One party marches toward armed resistance with war on the horizon; another party proposes non-resistance and refusal to cooperate in any work or government with the British masters. It is a marvellously interesting fight and we should watch its every step. Visitors AILY there come to vistiors our shores, and late ly in larger numbers than usual, men and women of other nations to see Amer ica. Very few of them see that tenth of America which we represent. They may meet us casually on Pullman cars or as servants and laborers, but they do not know us and do not try to know us, because they do not realize that there is anything in us worth the knowing. On the other hand, by both deliberate and accidental propaganda, they are told of all the evil concerning us which they do not see and they go home to spread this knowledge or lack of knowledge concerning us. Sometimes, to be sure, a Foch may see a black regiment or the Disarmament Conferees may note the power and growth of darker Washington, but we have yet to solve the problem of letting the world really see us. N. A. A. C. P. AND XMAS IN this season of holiday and joy have you thought of your Christmas gift for Freedom? Thinking of what you have OPINION earned and spent for the year, what you have accomplished and enjoyed, does it occur to you that you owe something, not simply to your race and to your country, but to humanity —to the upward striving forces of the world? Have you paid that debt or any part of it? If not, consider the claims of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. During the year 1921 we have 1.	 Helped expose the Ku Klux Klan, 2.	 Pushed the anti-lynching bill out of committee and before the House of Representatives, 3.	 Saved up to the present time the condemned victims of the Arkansas riots, sentenced to die in 1919, and have brought their cases to the Supreme Court of the United States, at an expense of $11,299, 4.	 Investigated and exposed the Tulsa riot and raised and disbursed a fund of $3,500 for physical relief and legal aid, 5.	 Promoted a Second Pan-African Congress with 110 delegates and 1,000 visitors from 30 countries and 11 states of the United States, 6.	 Presented a petition to President Harding signed by 50,000 persons asking clemency for the soldiers who were in the Houston riot and who are now incarcerated at Leavenworth, 7.	 Continued to push our efforts to free Haiti and helped secure a Congressional investigating committee which is now sitting in Haiti, 8.	 Published 600,000 copies of THE CRISIS and sold them in every corner of the world, 9.	 In general made every enemy of the Negro fear our power, and every black victim trust our aid. We have not done everything or all we would—but we have done something, have we not? Moreover this work has not been paid for by millionaires. No single individual gift to us has exceeded $500, and only seven have reached that figure. There have been only 1 7 gifts of $100. The great mass of gifts have come in sums of from $1 to $5 from poor colored folk. Nine-tenths of	 the funds supporting this organiza tion come from Negroes. This is fair and proper. It is our work and we must do it. More and more the bur den of this work is going to fall on the Negro race! But have you done your share? Why not send the N. A. A. C. P. a Thanksgiving or Christmas or New Year's gift? Why not lift from the backs of the officers enough of the burden of finance so as to leave them strength for investigation, action, relief, thought and plan? THE HARDING-POLITICAL PLAN Mr. HARDING'S plan for settling various problems in	 politics is now in full swing and we are not at all sure but what it bids fair to be suc cessful beyond his dreams. The Harding plan involves (1 ) White leadership for the black South; (2 ) A	 division of the Negro vote. The white leadership of the black South has been strikingly illustrated in Virginia where the white leader, Col. Henry W. Anderson, talked some real, plain English. He said, for instance, at Barton Heights, October 22, "Senator Trinkle [his Democratic opponent] fears the Negro in Virginia politics. Our platform has eliminated the Negro from Virginia politics. Thirty-two Negroes now hold office in this State. They were appointed by the Democrats. I have asked Senator Trinkle to join with me in a movement to have these Negro judges removed from office. He has never replied to me on this matter. "// / am elected Governor of Virginia, no Negro will ever hold office in this State under my administra 106 THE tion. The white people must rule this commonwealth, and they will." The result of this clear and concise statement, together with the expulsion of all Negro members from the party convention, was that 25,000 Negroes so "divided" their vote that Mr. Anderson did not get a single one of them and the Republicans received their worst defeat in many years. In Louisville, Kentucky, the Republicans so slandered and "Jim-Crowed" the Negro that an attempt at a third party movement was made by the Negroes. The strong-arm methods of thugs interfered with its complete success, but it registered a clear warning. On the other hand, in Philadelphia, where the Republicans nominated a Negro magistrate to the disgust of the "Independents" and high-brows, the black voters of the Seventh Ward swept him into office 5000 votes ahead of his independent rivals. If the putting of the direction of the Republican Party in the South into the hands of Slemp and his ilk, the driving of the Negro from the Republican polls and compelling him to vote for black men because they are black is what Mr. Harding wishes, he is accomplishing it. But his measure of success is bringing thought to both colored and white folk. Thoughtful Negroes do not want racial candidates and parties: they see the ultimate contradiction and fu tility of this. But what is one to do who has to choose between the Demo r cratic devil and the Republican deep sea? Thoughtful whites are also get ting food for reflection : for what doth it profit a politician to get rid of the Negro in party counsels if he lose the election? And silly as the dilem ma is, we opine that we can stand it as long as the other fellow and pos sibly a bit longer. Therefore to our muttons, for the Congressional elections of 1922 ap proach and we must not hesitate. Let every black voter look up the record of his particular Congressman. If CRISIS he cannot find it, write us; and then let us make every effort to defeat our enemies. If we can encompass their defeat by voting for any particular party, do it. If we can encompass the defeat by voting for a new party of our own, do it. Next to defeating our enemies, let us rally to the support of our friends. And there again, whether the friend be labeled Republican, Democrat, Socialist or Farmer-Labor, vote for him. The roll call on the Dyer bill will be a splendid indication of how we ought to vote. Those who vote against the Dyer bill and those who are absent are our enemies. Finally, remember what we did in New York: Ten years ago there was not a single Negro policeman in the metropolis of America. Today there are twenty or more. The Democrats gave them to us. The Democrats swept Harlem in the last election. MR. HOWARD Mr. PERRY HOWARD com plains because TH E CRISIS said concerning his ap pointment to the United States Department of Justice: "The appointment given Mr. Perry How ard was one that we wish Mr. How ard had been able to refuse, as it is too unimportant and inadequate to be at all representative." Mr. Howard informs us that his office is important; that it is not "Jim-Crowed" ; that he has cha •"!*&gt;. as counsel for the Government, ... all railroads suits brought against it in the United States Court of Claims; that he has an assistant in the person of Captain L. R. Mehlinger, a trained young colored attorney; and that his work is that of practitioner and counsel and has not the least semblance of any clerical position. We are glad to know of this and we congratulate Mr. Howard and the Attorney-General. And this makes us all the more in sistent that both Mr. Howard and Mr. Henry Lincoln Johnson (if the latter OPINION gets his appointment, as we sincerely hope he will), regard themselves as American citizens and Government officials with serious and important work to do, and not as errand boys for the Republican politicians. It was not the business of these two gentlemen to pull the politicians out of a hole by urging amendments to the Dyer Anti-Lynching bill which would emasculate it, and make it meaningless and worthless. It was not the business of either of these gentlemen to rush into Virginia or elsewhere to tell the colored people to vote for the Republican politicians who had insulted and kicked them out of the party. It is rather the duty of these men to set a new and high standard for the Negro office-holder and to let the people of the United States know that when they appoint colored men of their calibre to office they are not bribing voters, but rather they are arranging to get the Government's work done in the best possible manner. And too, it is the duty and privilege of these officials to teach their own race that the best political service which any politician can render his race is to do his duty like a man and to refuse all menial service. THE CHURCH THERE is perhaps no more interesting chapter in the history of the American Negro tha^j the rise and expansion of the liagro church. TH E CRISIS, therefore, proposes during the year 1922 to publish a series of articles on the "Romance of the Negro Church", taking up its chief branches and showing what their past has been, who their leaders are and what they are doing today for the advancement of the Negro race. NEGRO ART THE Negro race as an interpreter of beauty to the world is gradually coming to its own. Not only are our musicians like Burleigh and Dett pursuing their high and successful career, byt we are beginning to be listened to in painting and sculpture. Pageantry is appearing and the white artist and writer is beginning to discover us as human beings and not as conventional lay figures. Recently in New York City there was held in the branch of the public library which is in Harlem, an exhibit of Negro art with specimens of the work of H. 0. Tanner, Laura Wheeler, W. M. Farrow, Richard Lonsdale Brown, W. E. Scott, Louise Lattimer, Meta Fuller and many others. The exhibit was a revelation in its accomplishment and a promise in its originality and beauty. COOPERATION FOR several years we have sought to interest the colored people of the United States in cooperative business and we have had some beginnings of success. But cooperation among us suffers just as it does among the whites: not everything is "cooperative" that is called cooperative and the first desire of rascals is to call some scheme of doubtful validity "cooperative" so as to attract the pennies of the masses. Recently we have been told that the "Cooperative Society of America" has made a gigantic failure, and this must have scared and warned many colored people. But it is to be hoped that their fear was not misplaced, for the so called "Cooperative Society of America" was not cooperative at all, but was a gigantic fraud. Meantime, the genuine cooperative movement is not only sound but successful. In the State of Illinois, where the fraudulent society failed, there are 20 0 successful cooperative societies. In Pennsylvania there are 20 0 cooperative stores in the mining regions, and throughout Europe the cooperative movement is the only economic movement that has successfully withstood the war. HAPPY NEW YEAR! Greetings to the Negro World. mm THE World War marks an epochal change in the progress of the race. The Negro stands in an equivocal mood of mind between the old regime and the new. He looks to the past with mingled feelings of thanksgiving and regret and faces the future with misgivings and hope. The recent reaffirmation of the age-old dogma of the "fundamental, eternal, inescapable" difference of race, the fountain-head of all our woes, typifies the reactionary tendency of the time. Religion seems disposed to surrender to race and Christianity to compromise with color. On the other hand there is a growing spirit of race cooperation rather than race control as in the past. The Negro is rapidly gaining a consciousness of his own powers and a determination to give these powers efficient expression in constructive endeavor for the reclamation of the race. Negro leadership must stand unequivocally for the intellectual, moral and spiritual unity of mankind. To quicken and inspire the dormant energies which lie wrapped up in the ten millions of human beings, to formulate an ideal which shall be sufficiently tangible and definite to appeal to the whole race is the immediate program not only for the new year but for the new day upon which we are entering. KELLY MILLER. PERSONALLY, I am demonstrating the optimist—he whom someone defines as "one who can scent the harvest while yet the snow covers the ground". Therefore, I hold that the Negro everywhere, and the American Negro in particular, has mani fold reasons for thanksgiving. At the brink of a "brand new" year, we are thankful for life's possibilities, relig ious, economic, commercial; for the sense of Race-Pride, of Race-Consciousness which grows continually; for our sane, thought ful, courageous leaders; for peace and the efforts being made toward a warless world; for the good men and women of our own and other races; for our good friends, many of them undiscussed, unknown, even, yet whose silent influence is of immeasur able benefit to us; thankful above all else, for the Good Creator Who has promised never to leave nor forsake us. What better advice can one give than that we think constructively, working and praying unceasingly for the freedom which, in God's own time, will come to us; that we bear in mind our individual responsibility for doing our best; that in spite of all that we have undergone, are undergoing still, we shall nevertheless "keep our faces towards the East". L . G. JORDAN, Secretary Emeritus of the Foreign Mission Board, National Baptist Convention. MEN and Women of African descent in America: War and destruction have recently visited the world and wrought sorrow in their wake. But to the American Negro they have brought unforeseen opportunities; for which, at the dawn of a New Year, let us give humble thanks. The Great War and the heralded pestilence of the boll weevil have freed thousands of Negro peons. The former thrust them into the industrial world; while the latter reduced the value of cotton-producing land to the point where it is being offered to and purchased by Negro farm hands. The economic emancipation of the Negro is in sight. Wherefore, let us give thanks. The novice industrial worker and farm-owner should seek, however, to better fit himself for the position which he now occupies but which he will continue to hold only if he makes himself a master workman. Moreover, Negro workers, refuse to invest the fruit of your toil in carelessly managed and impossible schemes. The success of Negro business rests upon your judgment in supporting the right kind of enterprise. An unforeseen hand has opened the door to economic freedom. The ensuing years will be crucial tests of our ability to make fitting use of this freedom. Strive, Negro men and women, to make yourselves approved workers and wise investors. C. C. SPAULDING, Sec.-Treas., North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Co. 108 PLACIDO 109 r THE New Year is a season of Thanks giving and resolution—thanksgiving for the accomplishments of the past and a rededication to the ideals held sacred by individuals, nations and races. What, then, of the Negro? Wherein lies his accomplishment and what his resolution? Nineteen hundred and twenty-one has surely granted him a larger activity in the financial world; many are the worthy business enterprises he has initiated and would that space might permit their mention other than in abstract. At times, in scanning the press and listening to the spoken word, we feel that his friends may have increased, few still, to be sure, yet certainly they have not abandoned him entirely. But even a larger endowment has been his—one that is from within and of the spirit rather than the flesh: ultimately it will be translated into a greater realism than is now evident. In short, the Negro is manifesting a tendency, yes a willingness, for greater racial consciousness, to elect his leadership and determine the type he will follow. He welcomes friends, but he scans carefully the gifts they bear, realizing that it is better to have much less than to be compromised by much more. He takes courage in the success of allied movements as the Woman's Party, the Labor Party, the Cause of Irish Freedom and the Gandhi Non-Cooperationist Plan. Those who sat in the Pan-African Conference realized his activity in the development of a new inter-nationalism. His resolution is to prosecute more vigorously "the cause", to shun alignments that weaken, to abhor flattery and cajolery, and to win, ultimately, for all Americans the right to enjoy "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness". JOHN HURST, Bishop of the A. M. E. Church. PLACIDO JAMES WELDON JOHNSON {The following article is an excerpt from the preface to "The Book of American Negro Verse", a neiv book by James Weldon Johnson to be published early in the year by Harcourt, Brace &amp; Co.] AMONG the greatest poets of Latin America are men of Negro blood. There are Placido and Manzano in Cuba; Vieux and Durand in Haiti, Machado de Assis in Brazil; Leon Laviaux in Martinique, and others still that might be mentioned. Placido and Machado de Assis rank as great in the literatures of their respective countries without any qualifications whatever. They are world figures in the literature of the Latin languages. Machado de Assis is somewhat handicapped in this respect by having as his tongue and medium the lesser known Portuguese, but Placido, writing in the language of Spain, Mexico, Cuba and of almost the whole of South America, is universally known. His works have been republished in the original in Spain, Mexico and in most of the Latin-American countries; several editions have been published in the United States; translations of his works have been made into French and German. Placido is in some respects the great THE est of all the Cuban poets. In sheer genius and the fire of inspiration he surpasses even the more finished Heredia. Then, too, his birth, his life and his death ideally contained the tragic elements that go into the making of a halo about a poet's head. Placido was born in Habana in 1809. The first months of his life were passed in a foundling asylum; indeed, his real name, Gabriel de la Concepcion Valdes. was in honor of its founder. His father took him out of the asylum, but shortly afterwards went to Mexico and died there. His early life was a struggle against poverty; his youth and manhood was a struggle for Cuban independence. His death placed him in the list of Cuban martyrs. On the 27th of June, 1844, he was lined up against a wall with ten others and shot by order of the Spanish authorities on a charge of conspiracy. In his short but eventful life he turned out work which bulks more than six hundred pages. During the few hours preceding his execution he wrote three of his best known poems, among them his famous sonnet, "Mother, Farewell!" Placido's sonnet to his mother has been translated into every important language— William Cullen Bryant did it in English— but in spite of its wide popularity, it is, perhaps, outside of Cuba, the least understood of all Placido's poems. It is curious to note how Bryant's translation totally misses the intimate sense of the delicate subtility of the poem. The American poet makes it a tender and loving farewell of a son who is about to die to a heart-broken mother; but that is not the kind of a farewell that Placido intended to write or did write. The key to the poem is in the first word, and the first word is the Spanish conjunction Si (if). The central idea, then, of the sonnet is, "/ / the sad fate which now overwhelms me should bring a pang to your heart, weep no more, for I die a glorious death and sound the last note of my lyre to you." Bryant either failed to understanl or ignored the opening word, "If", because he was not familiar with the poet's history. While Placido's father was a Negro, his mother was a Spanish white woman, a dancer in one of the Habana theatre?. At his birth she abandoned him to a foundling asylum, and perhaps never saw him  CRISIS again, although it is known that she outlived her son. When the poet came down to his last hours he remembered that somewhere there lived a woman who was his mother; that although she had heartlessly abandoned him; that although he owed her no filial duty, still she might, perhaps, on hearing of his sad end feel some pang of grief or sadness; so he tells her in his last words that he dies happy and bids her not to weep. This he does with nobility and dignity,' but absolutely without affection. Taking into account these facts, and especially their humiliating and embittering effect upon a soul so sensitive as Placido's, this sonnet, in spite of the obvious weakness of the sestet as compared with the octave, is a remarkable piece of work. In considering the Aframerican poets of the Latin languages I am impelled to think that, as up to this time the colored poets of greater universality have come out of the Latin-American countries rather than out of the United States, they will continue to do so for a good many years. The reason for this I hinted at in the first part of this preface. The colored poet in the United States labors within limitations which he cannot easily pass over. He is always on the defensive or the offensive. The pressure upon him to be propagandic is well nigh irresistible. These conditions are suffocating to breadth and to real art in poetry. In addition he labors under the handicap of finding culture not entirely colorless in the United States. On the other hand, the colored poet of Latin-America can voice the national spirit without any reservations. And he will be rewarded without any reservations, whether it be to place him among the great or declare him the greatest. So I think it probable that the first world-acknowledged Aframerican poet will come out of Latin-America. Over against this probability, of course, is the great advantage possessed by the colored poet in the United States of writing in the world-conquering English language. [We have added Placido's Despida a Mi Madre in the original Spanish with the translation by Bryant and a translation by Mr. Johnson for the benefit of the interested reader.—Lit. Ed.]. NORTH CAROLINA WOODS 	in DESPIDA A MI MADRE (En La Capilla) PLACIDO C I la suerte fatal que me ha ^ cabido, Y el triste fin de mi sangrienta historia, Al salir de esta vida transitoria Deja tu corazon de muerte herido; Baste de llanto: el animo afligido Recobre su quietud; moro en la gloria, Y mi placida lira a tu memoria Lanza en la tumba su postrer soni do. Sonido dulce, melodioso y santo, Glorioso, espiritual, puro y divino, Inocente, espontaneo como el llanto Que vertiera al nacer: ya el cuello inclinol Ya de la religion me cubre el manto! Adios, mi madre! adios—El Peligrino. FAREWELL TO MY MOTHER (In the Chapel) WILLIAM CULLEN BRYANT HP H E appointed lot has come * upon me, mother, The mournful ending of my years of strife, This changing world I leave, and to another In blood and terror goes my spirit's life. But thou, grief-smitten, cease thy mortal weeping And let thy soul her wonted peace regain; I fall for right, and thoughts of thee are sweeping Across my lyre to wake its dying strain. A strain of joy and gladness, free, unfailing, All glorious and holy, pure, divine, And innocent, unconscious as the wailing I uttered on my birth; and I resign Even now, my life; even now descending slowly, Faith's mantle folds me to my slumbers holy. Mother	 farewell! God keep thee— and forever 1 PLACIDO'S FAREWELL TO HIS MOTHER (Written in the chapel of the Hospital de Santa Cristina on the night before his execution.) JAMES WELDON JOHNSON TF the unfortunate fate engulfing me, The ending of my history of grief, The closing of my span of years so brief, Mother, should wake a single pang in thee, Weep not. No saddening thought to me devote; I calmly go to a death that is glory-filled, My lyre before it is forever stilled Breathes out to thee its last and dying note. A note scarce more than a burden-easing sigh, Tender and sacred, innocent, sincere,— Spontaneous and instinctive as the cry I gave at birth—And now the hour is here. O God, thy mantle of mercy o'er my sins! Mother, farewell! The pilgrimage begins. A TALE OF THE NORTH CAROLINA WOODS ARTHUR HUFF FAUSET NORTH CAROLINA woods, where the 'tall, gaunt pines "mosey" upward and stretch their towering tops to the blue skies, is a certain haven of rest and comfort to the sojourner weary of the pele-mele and tedium of American city life. Crickets and grasshoppers chirp and play at your feet; toadstools of enormous size and wonderful colors arouse your curiosity and revive the drooping spirits which need so much a touch of nature's tonic. Here and there, splashing the verdant earth with colors as numerous as the rainbow are colonies of wild flowers—sometimes a lonely daisy, or a gay, frisky cowbell looks up from its lowly station, anxious, no doubt, for you to take notice of the part it plays in this wonderful bit of nature's handiwork. Any number of beautiful flowers surround one, large and small, great and tiny, all of them tinted with the most delicate of nature's pigments, some in a most complex manner with an almost inexplicable medley of color; others, like the dew of the morning, simple, plain, refreshing to the eye, with a power that braces the heart and causes song, even poetry, to burst forth from within—tiny creatures ofttimes, but lovelier than the loveliest rose of the city's floral shop, and primmer than the daintiest violet. It is so cool and quiet in the North Carolina woods! We used to enjoy the sparkling wafts of pine-laden breezes, seated by (or over) a little muddy streamlet which coursed its way somewhere, nowhere. Such a sluggish stream I have never seen in any other place. To take a casual look at it you would not know it was flowing water. Just when you had made up your mind that it was a stagnant pool, you perceived a dim, pluggish, almost imperceptible movement of the murky water. A tiny pine twig thrown on the crest of the stream would gradually move down, inch by inch, stopping on its tedious journey for half hours and even hours, and then slowly moving a few more inches. The stream was only ten or twelve feet wide and scarcely six inches in depth. Occasionally you could see something dash through the muddy water, the distinctness of its outline dimmed by the sediment which saturated the water everywhere. "It's	 a frog," I would cry. "No, it's a water snake," would-call another. 112 THE "You're seeing things," would be the taunt of Allan, who loved to talk but cared nothing about watching nature. There was a huge tree stretched across the stream over which passersby could cross from one side to the other. This tree was a source of wonder to us because it had taken root on one side of the stream and then, as though prompted by Mother Nature herself, had grown straight across to the; other side. There it lay, a living bridge, having for years served the people thereabouts. We would often sit and puzzle about that bridge. We wondered whether the tree had just happened by chance, or whether some crafty woodsman, prompted by a deep civic spirit, had deliberately coerced nature into allowing the tree to assume such a course. Seated upon it, over the stream, we would speculate about it, until some person would come along and make it necessary for us to get off for a few moments while he crossed over. For a long time it did not occur to us that these people who lived in the woods might know something about the tree. A number of persons passed us regularly and we soon knew just who it was who was approaching. One in particular became a special subject of interest. She would have interested anybody. She was an old colored woman, wild-eyed and fierce in the expression of her face, with the appearance of one who was half-witted. She always came by about the same time each day, near eventide. We could tell that she was coming by the songs she always sang as she passed through the woods. Such songs! And the voice of that poor creature! (She seemed happy enough, though.) They were old plantation songs, doubtless, though none of the more familiar ones, which have crept northward, seemed to appear among them. Her whole appearance was odder than anything I have ever seen. She always had something balanced on her head, whether it was a bundle of clothes or merely an old newspaper. Her face was dark brown in color, her eyes somewhat slanty, black and sparkling, with the fire of a maniac. Her clothing, if one may call it such, was a patchwork of rags as dirty as they were old; and her shoes barely acted as a cov ering for her feet—so ragged and worn were they. CRISIS Whenever she passed by us at the bridge she would stop her singing, eye us quickly and make a peculiar grimace or grin. Then as she gaily tripped across the natural passageway she would call out: "Good evenin' gen'mens." At which we would nod and perhaps tender a reply. One hot August afternoon we had retreated to the cool of the stream and pines. We hardly knew what to do to pass the time away. While we were musing on the bridge we heard the familiar voice, loud and clear, echoing and re-echoing through the woods: "Don' 'no wen I'se cum-in', Don' 'no wen I'se cum-in', Sun is still moughty high." "Why not ask her about this tree?" sug gested Chalfonte. "Good," I replied, and we awaited her as she wended her way toward us. "Good evenin' gen'mens," came the fa miliar greeting, together with a broad, ex pressive grin. "Good evening," replied Chalfonte. "We heard you singing through the woods and we've been wondering what your name might be." "Who, me? Don' yuh know me? I'se Queen of Sedalia," and then she went off into a loud laugh, half hysterical. "Yeh, Queen of Sedalia, bin livin' roun' dese parts mos' sixty yeahs." "Well, well, perhaps you can tell us how this bridge came about. Can you?" "Kin I? Well, I guess. I'se Queen of Sedalia, don' yuh know dat?" Later we learned that the district about these woods was known locally as Sedalia. "Queen, eh," Chalfonte answered. "How long have you been queen?" The old woman eyed Chalfonte from shoe to cap, and then glanced at each one of us with suspicion. She must have thought we were quizzing her. "Come," I said quickly, fearing we might lose her. "Could you tell us the story of this tree?" Her eyes gleamed. Her whole body trem bled with excitement. Then she gave one of those hideous hysterical laughs. "Who, me? I'se Queen of Sedalia, don' yuh know dat? Sho I kin tell yuh! I knows all about ut. Does yuh reely want ter heah ut?" "Do we?" we all cried. Chalfonte jingled THE NEGRO some coins in his pocket. She never seemed to notice this, however. "Set down, den, an' I'll tell yuh all." We sat down on the grassy bank, lest some passerby disturb us as she recounted the story. She sat down with us. This was the story. In the days when Grant was President, this stream was almost twice as wide as it now is, and considerably deeper. This was caused by the amount of rainfall in those days, which was greater by far than the amount of rainfall at the present time. All the land in this region was owned by one Squire Marks ("Ole Man Marks"), who allowed his neighbors to take the short cut through his land to the little village on the other side of the stream, but who steadfastly refused to build any sort of bridge across the stream. It was necessary for persons who wished to cross, to wade over, either in bare feet or in rubber boots. Besides the inconvenience which this brought about, there was always the danger of snakes. The stream 'and its environs were known to be infested by moccasins. Still "Ole Man Marks" steadfastly refused to build a bridge. Every now and then some child would come tearing through the woods yelling that a snake had bitten him. However it usually proved to be a hallucination on the child's part. Either it had pierced its foot with a thorn, or in some similar manner had done something which would give rise to the no tion that a snake had bitten it. One day however, the woods were rent with the terrific cries of some one in great terror or pain. Several villagers ran to the place from whence came the yells, and found on the shore of the stream the only son of "Ole Man Marks", prostrate, his limbs tense, his blue eyes glaring up to the burning sun. The "Queen of Sedalia" arrived just in time to see a friend make a deep incision, with some steel instrument, in the boy's leg. "It was tumble. Blood black ez ink. . . . It flo'd all 'roun. 'Ole Man Marks' son, he kep' right still. Purty soon, along comes de Ole Man, pale ez a ghost en' shiverin' all over. . . No use ter weep— the boy wuz daid. . . . "Ole Man MarksThey did sumpin orhim I guess, nebberole fool. . . . "Eb'rybody 'fraidon, 'cep me .. .me? I'se Queen of went crazy. . . .  other'n for him, killed  see'd him no mo, po' ub de ribber from den I wuzn't 'fraid. Who, Sedalia. "Eb'ry day I comes to de same spot, jes' where dat boy's black blood done all flo'd about. I prays dere, ebery day, I does. . . . What yuh t'ink? Dis tree start sproutin' up. Up, up it shoots. . . . and den—when it grows so high (pointing about three inches) it starts shootin' dis-away. See! . . . Dat's all. De blood ub dat boy done made seed fo de good Lawd, and dis tree mus' be his body. Yes!" . . . and then she gave another of those laughs. She wouldn't say another word about the tree. She wouldn't take any money. She looked at us and grinned. "Good evenin' gen'mens," she said, and crossed the bridge singing hilariously: "Bridge ub Heben—soul en body, Pepul's gwine to leab yuh now!" THE NEGRO LANGSTON HUGHES I AM a Negro: Black as the night is black, Black like the depths of my Africa. I've been a slave: Caesar told me to keep his door-steps clean. I brushed the boots of Washington. I've been a worker: Under my hand the pyramids arose. I made mortar for the Woolworth Build ing. I've been a singer: All the way from Africa to Georgia I carried my sorrow songs. I made ragtime. I've been a victim: The Belgians cut off my hands in the Congo. They lynch me now in Texas. I am a Negro: Black as the night is black, Black like the depths of my Africa. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People THE DYER BILL IN the December issue of the CRISIS we r told of the reporting out favorably of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill by the House Committee on the Judiciary. Opponents of the bill apparently dared not come out openly and fight it and we therefore had to contend with a secret opposition in Congress on which it was hard to place a finger. An attempt was made to recommit the bill to the Judiciary Committee but that was blocked. Both Mr. Johnson and Mr. White have spent much time in Washington working on the matter and keeping an eye on developments. When we found that efforts to change the bill were being considered, we renewed our efforts to secure the passage of the unamended Dyer Bill. One of the ' steps taken will show clearly how effectively and efficiently the machinery which we have been eleven years in building, functions. On Monday, November 14, at 3.45 P.M., a telegram was received at the National Office from Mr. Johnson who was then in Washington, stating that two influential Republican members of the House were apathetic in support of the bill and apapparently were blocking early consideration and a vote on the bill. By 4 o'clock night letter telegrams had been sent to 15 of our large branches in every section of the United States, urging them to send and have sent telegrams to these two men which would show how public opinion was demanding passage of the bill. Within 24 hours, so we have learned, more than 500 telegrams had flooded the office of these Uvo members of Congress! Both men have since assured us of their hearty support. That is the sort of effective organization that we need—that we must have. To show how loyally and ably the branches worked we quote one example—that of the Denver Branch—which secured telegraphic endorsement of the bill from Governor Shoup of Colorado, Mayor Baily of Denver, Bishop Johnson of the Diocese of Colorado of the Protestant Episcopal Church, the Rt. Rev. Ingley, Bishop-Coadjutor, Judge Whitford of the Colorado Supreme Court, Republican National Committeeman Vivian, Mrs. Redd, President of the Federation of Colored Women's Clubs of Colorado and Wyoming, and from many other prominent white and colored individuals and organizations. Congress took up the bill on December 15. "SHUFFLE ALONG" TH E National Office, the Board of Directors and the entire membership of the N. A. A. C. P. wish to express their sincere appreciation to Messrs. Miller, LyleS, Sissle and Blake and to each member of the "Shuffle Along" company for the very successful benefit which they gave for the association at the Lafayette Theatre, New York, on October 17. Each member of the company volunteered his services without cost as his contribution towards the work of the Association. The net proceeds were $1,026. One member of the company who was unable to be present on account of illness sent one dollar as her part. Every seat of the Lafayette Theatre and all standing room was taken, while police reserves were summoned to handle the overflow crowd that almost fought to get into the theatre. Hundreds were turned away. The phenomenal success of the "Shuffle Along" company has been one of the events of recent New York theatrical history. The foremost dramatic critics of New York have united in declaring the show one of the best ever seen on Broadway. All of the music and words are by colored people and every member of the cast is colored. Opening on May 23, the production has had an uninterrupted run, at the time that this is written, of over 200 consecutive performances. The production is tuneful, clever satire, done with the zest and energy which only colored people can achieve. Every person who plans to be in New York dur 114 ARKANSAS PEONS ing the winter should make it as much his business to see "Shuffle Along" as he would to see Fifth Avenue or the Woolworth Tower. The success of this benefit performance offers an excellent example in raising funds to branches in other cities. Constant appeals to the public for contributions in time grow burdensome. These appeals, of course, will be continued, but legitimate entertainment in the form of theatrical performances (either professional or amateur), plays, recitals by individual artists or by choral societies, all offer a novelty that will be refreshing and appreciated by the public at large, as well as by the membership. FIELD WORK Field Secretaries Bagnal and Pickens *• have been doing intensive work during the months of October, November and December in a number of Southern States, reviving moribund branches, stimulating and assisting those that have been working and organizing new branches and college chapters of the N. A. A. C P. There has been a- slump in the activities of some of our branches due to the threatening of the lives of officers and members by the Ku Klux Klan and other organizations. It is most encouraging that even in small communities and isolated sections of the South these ter roristic methods have aided the N. A. A. C P. in large measure by assisting us in keeping the need of a militant, aggressive and uncompromising organization ever fresh in the minds of colored people. Encouraging letters have been received telling of the splendid spirit, of colored men and women in the South, and the high esteem in which they hold the work of the Association. Mr. Pickens is covering the States of North Carolina, Georgia, Florida and Tennessee while Mr. Bagnall is visiting branches in North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama and Louisiana. Public mass meetings, conferences with branch officers and executive committees, meetings with clubs, and fraternal, social and business organizations, as well as interviews with individuals, combined with constructive work in effecting organization, are their methods. Mrs. Hunton has been doing similar and very effective work in Indianapolis, Dayton, Columbus and Louisville, while Mr. White has addressed mass meetings in Chicago, Detroit, Toledo, Cleveland, Indianapolis, Buffalo, Providence, Washington and New York. The annual meeting of the N. A. A. C. P. takes place January third and not January second. THE ARKANSAS PEONS A brief prepared by Scipiopresentation to the Supreme (Concluded from December CRISIS) PETITIONERS further say that the en tire trial, verdict and judgment against them was but an empty ceremony; that their real trial and condemnation had already taken place before said Committee of Seven; that said Committee, in advance of the citing of the court, had sat in judgment upon them and all the other cases and had assumed and exercised the jurisdiction of the court by determining their guilt or innocence of those in jail had acquired the evidence in the manner herein set out, and decided which of the defendants should be electrocuted and which sent to prison and the terms to be given them, and which to discharge; that when court convened, the Jones reviewing the case for Court of the United States. program laid out by said Committee was carried through and the verdict against petitioners was pronounced and returned, not as the independent verdict of an unbiased jury, but as a part of the prearranged scheme and judgment of said Committee; that in doing this the court did not exercise the jurisdiction given it by law and wholly lost its jurisdiction by substituting for its judgment the judgment of condemnation of said Committee. Petitioners further say that, ever since the law of Arkansas for the selection of jury commissioners was enacted, all of the judges of the courts have been and are now white men, and that ever since then said judges have appointed, without exception, THE CRISIS white commissioners to select the jurors, both grand and petit, and that such commissioners have uniformly selected only white men on such juries; that all of this has been done in discrimination against the Negro race, on account of their color; that such has been the unbroken practice in Phillips County for more than thirty years, notwithstanding the Negro population in said county exceeds the white population by more than five to one, and that a large proportion of them are electors and possess the legal, moral and intellectual qualifications required or necessary for such jurors; that the exclusion of said Negroes from the juries was, at all times, intentional and because of their color, of their being Negroes; that such was the case on the grand jury by which petitioners were indicted, and of the petit jury that pronounced them guilty; that under the law of Arkansas, as construed by the Supreme Court of the State, an objection to an indictment on the ground that it was found by a grand jury composed only of white men to the exclusion of Negroes on account of their color, must be made at the impanelling of the grand jury and objection to the petit jury must be made before a plea is entered to the indictment; that at the time said indictment was found petitioners were confined in jail and did not know the grand jury had been organized, did not know it was in session, did not know they were to be indicted for the killing of said Lee or any other person and did not know they were charged therewith; that it was impossible for them to make any objection to the organization of said grand jury for the very simple reason that they were closely confined, had no attorney, and no opportunity to employ an attorney; that at their trial, counsel appointed to defend them made no objection to the petit jury or to any previous proceeding; that their failure to do so was through fear of the mob for petitioners and himself, as they believe. Petitioners further say that after their conviction and sentence to death, their friends employed other counsel to represent them; that through such counsel they filed a motion for a new trial, which was promptly overruled and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court of Arkansas, the highest court in said State, where, on the 29th day of March, 1920, the judgment of the Phillips Circuit Court was affirmed; that thereafter they applied to the Supreme Court of the United States for a writ of certiorari to the Supreme Court of Arkansas, praying that said court be required to send up the record and proceeding in said cause for review by the Supreme Court of the United States, but that on the 11th day of October, 1920, the application for said writ was denied; that the Governor of the State of Arkansas did on the day of August, 1921, issue a proclamation carrying into effect the judgment and sentence of the Phillips Circuit Court against petitioners and in which he fixed Sept. 23, 1921, as the date of their execution. Petitioners further say that on the 19th day of October, 1920, the Richard L. Kitchens Post of the American Legion of Helena, Arkansas, an organization composed of approximately three hundred white ex-service men living in every part of Phillips County, passed a resolution calling on the Governor of the State of Arkansas, for the execution by death of petitioners and the seven other Negroes condemned to death by said Circuit Court at the same time and under the same circumstances as petitioners, and protesting against the commutation of the death sentence of any of said Negroes, which said Resolution was presented to the then Governor of Arkansas; that at a meeting of the Rotary Club of Helena, Arkansas, attended by seventy-five members, representing as many leading industrial and commercial enterprises of said city, and of the Lion's Club of said city, attended by sixty-five members, representing as many of the same kind of enterprises of said city each adopted a resolution approving the action of the Richard L. Kitchens Post of the American Legion in the premises, which said resolutions were presented to the then Governor of the State of Arkansas; that said resolutions further and conclusively show the existence of the mob spirit prevalent among all the white people of Phillips County at the time petitioners and the other defendants were put through the form of trials and show that the only reason the mob stayed its hand, the only reason they were not lynched was that the leading citizens of the community made a solemn promise to the mob that they should be executed in the form of law. Petitioners further say that to further show the overwhelming ARKANSAS PEONS existence of the mob spirit and mob domination of their and other trials of Negro defendants at the October term, 1919, of the Phillips Circuit Court, there were six defendants convicted of murder in the first degree, to wit: John Martin, Alf Banks, Will Wordlow, Albert Giles, Joe Fox and Ed. Ware, whose cases were also appealed to the Supreme Court of Arkansas which were reversed on account of bad verdicts, due to the extreme haste in securing convictions and executions (Banks vs. State, 143 Ark. 154), and remanded for a new trial; that upon a retrial of said cases, defendants were again reversed (Ware vs. State, Vol. 4 Sup. Court Rep. No. 11, Page 674), and remanded for a new trial on December 6, 1920; that said cases were coming on for trial at the May term of the Phillips Circuit Court, which convened May 2nd, 1921, and it was represented to the Governor of the State of Arkansas by the white citizens and officials of Phillips County that unless a date of execution was set for petitioners there was grave danger of mob violence to the other six defendants whose cases would be called for trial at the May term of said Court and that in all probability they would be lynched; that in order to appease the mob spirit still prevalent in Phillips County and in a measure to secure the safety of the six Negroes whose cases were to be called for trial and were called on May 9th, 1921, the Governor issued a proclamation fixing a date of execution of Petitioners for June 10, 1921, which was stayed by Court Proceedings; that these facts conclusively show that mob spirit and, mob domination are still universally present in Phillips County. Petitioners further say £hat on the 8th day of June, 1921, they filed a petition in the Pulaski Chancery Court for a Writ of Habeas Corpus setting out the matters and things herein stated, and that on said date the Pulaski Chancery Court issued its Writ of Habeas Corpus, directed to the defendant, E. H. Dempsey, keeper of the Arkansas State Penitentiary, commanding him to have the bodies of the Petitioners in Court at 2 o'clock P.M. on the 10th day of June, 1921, and then and there state in writing the term and cause of their imprisonment; that on the 9th day of June, 1921, the Attorney General for the State of Arkansas filed with the Supreme Court of Arkansas a Petition for Writ of Prohibition against J. E. Martineau, Chancellor of the Pulaski Chancery Court, and your petitioners, and that on the 20th day of June, 1921, the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas issued its Writ of Prohibition against the Judge of the Pulaski Chancery Court, prohibiting him from hearing the Petitions for Habeas Corpus pending in his court and quashed the Writ of Habeas Corpus theretofore issued; that thereafter, to wit, on the 4th day of August, 1921, your petitioners made application to the Hon. Oliver Wendell Holmes, Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, for a Writ of Error to the Supreme Court of the State of Arkansas in the matter of said Writ of Prohibition, but same was denied. Petitioners, therefore, say that by the proceedings aforesaid, they were deprived of their rights and are about to be deprived of their lives in violation of Section 11, of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States and the laws of the United States enacted in pursuance thereto, in that they have been denied the equal protection of the law, and have been convicted, condemned and are about to be deprived of their lives without due process of law; that they are now in custody of the defendant, E. H. Dempsey, Keeper of the Arkansas State Penitentiary, to be electrocuted on the 23rd day of September, 1921; that they are now detained and held in custody by said Keeper and will be electrocuted on said date unless prevented from so doing by the issuance of a Writ of Habeas Corpus. Petitioners therefore pray that a Writ of Habeas Corpus be issued to the end that they may be discharged from said unlawful imprisonment and unlawful judgment and sentence to death. The writ of Habeas Corpus asked for above was granted. Later a demurrer was sustained and the writ discharged. Thereupon the attorneys appealed to the Supreme Court of the United States and their appeal was allowed in the United States District Court. Thus, the greatest case against peonage and mob-law ever fought in the land and involving 12 human lives, comes before the highest court. Reader, we have already spent $11,299 to save these poor victims; we need $5,000 more. Can you help? THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MADELINE G ALLISON /^kUR readers will perceive that we have changed the form and content of this department. Hitherto we have tried, in a mass of succinct news notes, to cover the monthly history of the Negro race. This was increasingly difficult to do and increasingly unnecessary as the weekly Negro press progressed in efficient news gathering. We have decided therefore hereafter to select a few outstanding events and persons eaclb month, which seem to us of lasting significance; these we shall treat a little more at length and whenever possible illustrate them with pictures. We would like our readers to send us accounts of events with pictures and to let us know how they like this new feature as compared with the old. THE President has appointed Solomon P. Hood, of Trenton, N. J., as United States minister to Liberia. Mr. Hood was born in Pennsylvania in 1S56. He was educated at Lincoln University and became a Presbyterian minister. He was associated as a young man with Henry Highland Garnet and the late J. C. Price, and finally joined the A. H. E. Church, becoming missionary in Haiti. Lately he has served as pastor in New Jersey and was, when appointed, field worker of the Organization of Teachers of Colored Children in New Jersey. Mr. Hood is a widower with one daughter. 0 William H. Hunt is in New York City on a two months' leave of absence. During the last 15 years he has been United States Consul at St. Etienne, France. Mr. Hunt was born in Tennessee; educated at Groton Academy in Massachusetts and Williams College, and was for a while secretary to Consul Judge M. W. Gibbs in Madagascar, whom he succeeded as consul in 1901. C In Gary, Indiana, Arthur B. Whitlock, of Charleston, S. C , was elected councilman from the Fifth Ward at the last election and took his seat January 1. He is the first colored man to be elected to that position. Mr. Whitlock was born in 1886, educated at Rust University, Mississippi and Tuskegee Institute. He came to Gary as motor inspector in 1917. Consul Hunt Solomon Porter Hood Arthur B. "Whitlock A. D. Porter 118 THE HORIZON Theodore Nash J. T. Newsome A T the regular Republican Convention of Virginia three colored delegates whose election was not contested were not allowed to enter the hall. A Negro-hater, H. W. Anderson, was nominated for Governor. As this sort of thing had happened before, the Negroes determined to call a mass convention of all Republicans to meet in Richmond, September 5. At that convention the following colored persons were nominated: John Mitchell, Jr., President of the Mechanics' Savings Bank, Governor; Theodore Nash, manager of the American . Beneficial Insurance Company, Lieutenant-Governor; J. Thomas Newsome, attorneyat-law, Attorney-General, and Mrs. Mag s gie L. Walker, president of the St. Luke Penny Savings Bank, Superintendent of Public Instruction. A heated campaign ensued. Just on the eve of the election the lily-whites paraded with a band of music and 800 people. The following night the colored people paraded with 5 bands and 5,000 people. There are about 36,000 colored voters registered in Virginia. Six thousand of these failed to pay the 1920 taxes and were ineligible. Of the remaining 30,000 the Negroes polled about 25,000 votes, thus helping to defeat the white Republicans and giving the victory to the Democrats by approximately 65,000. The lily-white machine under Congressman C. B. Slemp was smashed. In Louisville, Ky., a somewhat similar contest took place. The Republican party Mrs. Maggie L. "Walker John Mitchell, .Tr. has refused to permit the Negroes to nomi nate one of their own member in the tenth ward, where 90 percent of the population is colored. This year when a colored man qualified as a candidate in the primary he was ousted by court proceedings because one of the signers of his petition had regis tered as a Socialist! The local Republican organization has sponsored "Jim Crow" signs in the parks and had introduced a "Jim Crow" street car ordinance. As a re sult, the Negroes formed the Lincoln Party and nominated A. D. Porter for Mayor and a complete ticket of city officials. The party was credited with only 274 votes at the polls but as they were not represented at the counting of the ballots and were beaten away from the polls by the police, this probably does not represent one-tenth of the actual ballots cast. Benjamin Brawley, former dean of Morehouse College and a widely known au thor, has settled at Brockton, Massachu setts where he will act as pastor of the Messiah Baptist Church and also devote time to literary work. He issued last sprinp a short history of the American Drama which will be used as a college text book. His latest book is a social history of the American Negro which he describes as "be ing a history of the Negro problem in the United States including a history and study of the Republic of Liberia". This book is quite different from his Short History of the Negro Race which is still widely read. A second edition of Mr. Brawley's "Art 120 THE CRISIS George F. Albergu Lieut. E. E. Thompson and Literature Among American Negroes" is also in preparation. GEORGE F. ALBERGU was born in Jamaica in 1892. He was educated at Monroe College, awarded the Jamaica scholarship of $3,000 and entered McGill University, Canada, in 1911. Here he gained the mathematical prize in 1913 and graduated from the engineering course in 1915. He was a notable athlete while in college. Since graduation he has been chief inspector in the Munitions Department of Cement County, for three years a member of thn Canadian Expeditionary Forces in the Construction Battalion, for a year in the Chief Engineer's Office of the Canadian Pacific Railway and at present a member of the engineering staff of McGill University. He is a junior member of the Engineering Institute of Canada. Our correspondent is impressed "by his modesty and manly bearing". C Many of our readers know of the success of the colored Syncopated Orchestra in London under the management of Mr. George Lattimore. Recently after a three weeks' successful stay in Glasgow, Scotland, they left to fill an engagement in Dublin, Ireland. While on the water their ship was sunk by two collisions. As a result, William Bates, Vallie Brown, J. Greer, A. Jaeger, F. L. Lattes, Frank Lacton, J. McDonald, Peter Robinson and Walter B. Williams were drowned. There were many hair-breadth escapes, some of the survivors C. C. Spaulding M. S. Stuart being in the water three hours before they ,vere rescued. Nearly all the clothing, instruments and personal property of all the members of the company were lost. Mr. Lattimore hurried back from Dublin by jpecial steamer and the survivors were returned to Glasgow where all the artists and actors in the city united in two benefits by which over $2,500 was raised and distributed among them. The company will reorganize and continue its work. C One of the heroes of the disaster was E. E. Thompson, leader of the orchestra, who served in France with the "Buffaloes". He dragged men, women and children out of the water on to a life raft. C A federation of Negro insurance associations known as the National Negro Insurance Association was formed at Durham in October by representatives from Atlanta and Augusta, Georgia; Jacksonville, Florida; Charlotte. Durham, Reidsville, Columbia and Winston, North Carolina; Memphis, Tennessee and Richmond, Virginia, there being 13 companies in ali. C. C. Spald:ng, of North Carolina, was elected president and M. S. Stuart of Mississippi was made secretary and T. L. Tate of North Carolina, treasurer. The association will recommend courses of study in insurance in colored colleges, will publish an insurance journal, exchange mortality experiences for the purpose of constructing a Negro mortality table, and will seek to induce the companies to establish social service and health departments. THE HORIZON TuskegeeHamptonHamptonHamptonHamptonHampton W . Va. InstituteW. Va. InstituteW . Va. InstituteW . Va. InstituteW . Va. InstituteW . Va. InstituteMorehouseMorehouseMorehouseMorehouse MorehouseMorehouseHowardHowardHowardHowardHoward FRED (DTJKE) SLATER ' I -"HE particular Negro star during the recent football season was Duke Slater, of the State University of Iowa. "All experts can see that Slater is the greatest tackle who ever trod a Western gridiron." Slater has been named on Farrell's second All American Team and on Clark's All Western Team which is confessedly "built around Iowa's great Negro tackle". C Among colored institutions the results of the season have been as follows: Lincoln 26 Bordentown 0 Lincoln 63 Morgan 0 Lincoln 20 Wilberforce 6 Lincoln 13 Hampton 0 Lincoln 0 Union 1 Lincoln 13 Howard .. . 7 TalladegaTalladegaTalladegaTalladegaTalladegaTuskegee 27  23  39  21 3 2 Miles MemorialMorris BrownTuskegeeState NormalFlorida A. &amp; MFisk 0  13 7 0 0 7 Tuskegee 13 Atlanta 0 21 Paine 0  26 St. Paul 2 7 Shaw 6 0 Lincoln 13 0 Howard 34 3 Union 14  73 Bluefield 0  40 Simmons 0 0 Howard 3  41 Ky. Normal 0 0 Va. Theo 3  14 Wilberforce 0  41 Camp Benning 18 7 Morris Brown 0  41 Biddle 0  13 Knoxville 0 7 Atlanta 0 6 Fisk 0  19 Virginia Seminary .. . 0  33 North Carolina A. &amp; T. 0  26 Virginia N. &amp; 1 0 S W. Va. Institute 0  24 Shaw 0 H. LAW—HALF-BACK ON LINCOLN CAPT. J. Tuskegee 7 Talladega 39 TEAM Tuskegee 0 Florida A. &amp; M 0 122 TH E CRISIS THE HAMPTON Howard 34 Hampton 0 Howard 6 Lincoln 13 Fisk 7 Tuskegee 2 Fisk 33 Rust 0 Fisk IS Simmons 7 Fisk 14 Wilberforce 0 Fisk 0 Morehouse 6 ft The colored school athletic league of New Orleans under the leadership of its president, O. C. W. Taylor, has, during the past year conducted a successful basket FOOTBALL TEAM ball series throughout the 16 public schools; conducted baseball series between 12 schools; compiled a physical athletic record of 4,200 boys and girls in the grammar grades; staged a track and field meet with over 1,700 participants; distributed 1,269 medals; placed a small amount of athletic material in all of the public schools; paid TBACK AND FIELD MEET OF 1700 PARTICIPANTS THE HORIZON all its debts and accomplished this without a paid physical director. Our illustration shows the second annual track and field meet and a part of the boys and girls who participated. C An unusually large number of Greek letter sororities among colored college women met during the holiday season. In Philadelphia 100 delegates from all over the country and as far West as the Pacific Coast representing the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority held their third annual convention at the University of Pennsylvania. Fourteen chapters were represented. The Zeta Phi Beta Sorority met at Morgan College, Baltimore. The Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority has established Rho Chapter at the University of California. The memibers consist of girls whose grades have averaged above 80 percent. Mrs. W. E. Green of Chicago is national president of this sorority. Rho Chapter of the Kappa Alpha Psi Sorority has been established at Washburn College, Topeka, Kan. RHO CHAPTER, ALPHA KAPPA ALPHA 0 J. A. Hodge, principal of Sumner High are represented on the Teachers' Council School, Kansas City, Kansas, has just by two delegates, one of whom served as been elected president of the Administra treasurer the past year. They have all tive Club, which is composed of the high meetings in common with the whites, as school principals of the city, together with well as all classes in extension work. five district supervisiors, the special super(I The three white high schools and Sumvisors, director of continuation schools and ner High School are planning a joint con the statistical expert. All members are cert for next March, which will be given in white except Mr. Hodge and A. J. Neely, four sections of the city to raise funds for supervisor of the colored grade schools. the high school bands. These bands will G The colored teachers of Kansas City, be uniformed alike and are to be called on Kansas, enjoy a complete democracy. They to play occasionally as a unit band. NEW ORLEANS COLORED SCHOOL ATHLETIC LEAGUE THE CRISIS UNCLE SAM IS TREMENDOUSLY THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: November 18, Helena, Ark., Will Turner, charged with assault upon a young white woman, was taken by a mob from a sheriff's posse while being removed to Marlanna for safe-keeping. After being shot to death his body was brought back to Heiena and burned in the city park. C November 25, Lake Village, Ark., Robert Hicks, a young Negro was charged with going to the home of a white girl to learn why she had not answered a note he had written her. A mob of about 30 men hiding near the front porch seized him, took him about a half mile down a road and riddled his body with bullets. "Death at the hands of unknown persons" was the coroner's verdict. C November 26, Sour Lake, Texas, Henry Cade, lynched by 300 men. He was accused of attacking an eight-year old girl. The girl's father wounded the Negro and officers who had taken him in charge were overpowered by the mob. The Negro was hanged. INTERESTED IN DISARMAMENT C November 30, Ballinger, Texas, Robert Murtore, 15 years old, charged with attacking a nine-year-old white girl, was taken from officers and lynched. The sheriff tried to escape with the boy, but he was overpowered, the boy taken and tied to a post and his body riddled with bullets. THE PRIZE HORIZON EA CH month events happen which are significant in the history of the Negro race. Sometimes the newspapers ken.r of these things and sometimes they do not. In order to encourage the proper recording of all such events the CRISIS offers monthly three prizes. For the best account, with facts, names, dates and so forth, of any event which illustrates the progress of the Negro race, accompanied by a photograph of the event or of some participants, we will pay $3; for the second best account, $2; and for the third best, $1. The editors of the CRISIS will be the judges and the results will be announced each month. "LOOKING BACKWARD" JESSIE FAUSET T7IFTY years from now this agonized *• world will look back on the doings of the Peace Conference and the League of Nations, the propositions of the Treaty of Versailles and of the Disarmament Conference and wonder why there was so much pother and ado. By that time issues will have become clarified and that generation will think it strange that the Tightness of the attitude of France as contrasted with the attitude of Great Britain should have been questioned. Or vice versa. It takes time to give perspective. Glancing down the perspective of a fifty years already gone one comes across another Reconstruction of a War no less momentous for those days. That period is still known as "The Reconstruction" for this country, and men and women, students of human happenings, looking back can see it as the single finest instance of the effort of a nation to set immediately right an ancient wrong. Of course it was an effort girt with many an attendant injustice and with the bestowal, of many unequal privileges but still more it bespoke the willingness of erring human nature "to try to be good". Above all it gave a thwarted and despised race a chance to show its mettle. Many colored men joined bravely and splendidly in that attempt. Both white and black Americans have occasion to be proud of the statesmanship shown in that day by Rainey, DeLarge, Cain and Smalls. Out of the swelling list of names which occur to me I like most to think of that of Robert Brown Elliott who combined in one mere frame and brain all our best possibilities, a sort of precursor of all we may hope to be in industry, in honor and in statesmanship. As a very young man he was a sailor and a printer, but his exceptional training acquired in his native town, Boston, and at Eton College in England, fitted him for more useful callings than either of those. Does a man round out his virtues deliberately to adopt certain responsibilities or do the high gods, realizing that such or such an individual will respond best to certain stimuli, thrust the responsibilities, upon him? I cannot guess. I only know that Elliott, a mere printer in Charleston, S. C , was elected on sheer merit to the Constitutional Convention, that in this capacity he blocked the passage of a measure engaging to reimburse former slave-owners for the loss of their "chattels"; that thereafter he was elected to the State Legislature, became its leader, was chairman of the Republican State Executive Committee and following these experiences was quite logically elected as representative to the 42nd and 43rd Congresses. In Congress his fame was instant as a brilliant speaker, a keen and logical opponent, a fearless and tireless battler for the rights of man. Charles Sumner, the author of the Civil Rights Bill, counted on Elliott; on his (Sumner's) deathbed he besought the colored man, "Don't let my Civil Rights Bill die." But I do not mean to dwell on the mere facts of his career; one can find them easily enough in biographies and histories. What I want to point out is what he meant to us. Consider him then as the model, as the mould in human form, of the possibilities of our race—this by no means especially striking black men of undeniably Negroid appearance with his finely shaped hands and feet, his precise and careful speech and his candid gaze. What made him great? What outside of the secret, inimitable inner force has he left for us to emulate? I repeat his industry, his honor and his statesmanship. There is no question as to this first quality. He was born in 1842 and we find him graduating from Eton, one of the colleges of the University of London in 1858! Thereafter he studied law, but see how purposefully he had already filled the first 16 years of his life. And he never gave up his studious habits, for throughout the years he kept up a practical acquaintance with French, German and Spanish; he knew his Latin and was unusually conversant with the Bible. 125 TH E CRISIS the time of the Elliott's sense fight for the of honor was so Civil Rights Bill high that shortth e opposition ly after the was headed by death of Sumner Alex ander Hhe resigned Stephens of fro mi Congress Georgia (even in order to meet then enlisted on th e opposition the side of already starting wrong!). He in South Carowas an old man lina against the and infirm, but Negro in poli for all that con ties. Charges of sidered by the corruption were Demo crats as coming thick their great 'proand fast not tagonist. Elliott only against the said to him race but against sternly: th e Republican party. No one "The results had figured of the war, as more actively in seen in reconRepublican poliROBERT ELLIOTT struction, have BROWN tics than Elsettled, forever liott, yet his integrity was never seriousthe political status of my race. The passage ly questioned. And he employed much of of this bill will determine the civil status, his considerable legal and oratorical talent not only of the Negro, but of any other in defending not necessarily his political class of citizens who may feel themselves friends but his political colleagues. discriminated against." As a statesman he had not only the welMen like Elliott do not die. They live fare of his people but that of his country at on and on in their own people, in the world. heart. There was never any quibbling and Yet their memory must be kept green, their no effort at personal advancement. His tale be retold in order that we of a later methods were uncompromising and fearday may take fresh heart. This, then, less. His attacks on his political opponents a little tribute not necessary to Robert were launched" with "the strength of ten". Brown Elliott of imperishable fame, but an He knew how to tip his shafts with darts added spur, a clew, perhaps a draught of of homely wit, of telling truths, of historic cold water to our Negro youth which must allusions that never failed their mark. At not faint nor flag. IN THE FRENCH WEST INDIES FlLOGENES IN the French West Indies, we Negroes cannot complain, for all males over 21 years are electors and eligibles; we are full-fledged French citizens. France is the only white nation in the world which has made the Negro the equal of the white. We elect by indirect vote a Senator who sits in the Senate in Paris; Berenger, white, is our Senator. We elect by direct popular suffrage two deputies who sit in the Chambre des Deputes; the present ones are Candace and Boisneuf, both black. Guadeloupe and MAILLARD dependencies are comprised- of 36 cantons; we elect a Counsellor for each canton who sits in the General Council at Basse-Terre, chief city and capital of the Colony. In the Communes, we elect a Municipal Council composed of 10, 14, 18, 21, 23, or more members, depending on population; the Municipal Council elects the Mayor. The Governor, who is generally a European, is named by the Minister of Colonies with the consent of our three Representatives in France. The Looking Glass THE PRESIDENT SOME just concept of the place which the &amp; problem of inter-racial relationship holds in the life of the United States may be gained by the importance given Mr. Harding's speech in the national press. A great many southern newspapers consider the President unusually brave and courageous in voicing such utterances. Thus the Louisville Times declares that "Bravery was required for the utterance that 'men of both races may well stand uncompromisingly against every suggestion of social equality.'" The Birmingham News feels "The South will have no quarrel with President Harding upon his address," for as the Kinston, N. C , Free Press says his views "are entertained by the best thought in the South." But there is some difference of opinion too. The Roanoke (Va.), World News, states: Mr. Harding's speech offers no solution for the Negro problem. But it was a courageous speech and a helpful speech, and will do infinitely more good than harm. The Raleigh Neivs and Observer feels likewise but gives a new and unpleasant slant to the President's utterance: Mr. Harding has not contributed a single constructive thought to the solution of the race problem, but there is encouragement in this statement that the people of other sections of the country are coming around to the southern view of the matter. The approach from this to actual disap proval is easy. Senator Harrison, of Mis sissippi authorized this remark in the New York Tribune: "The President's sipeech was unfortunate, but to have been made in the heart of the South, where in many States the Negro population predominates, was unfortunate in the extreme. "Of course, every rational being desires to see the Negro protected in his life, liberty and property. I believe in giving him every right under the law to which he is entitled, but to encourage the Negro, who in some states, as in my own, exceeds the white population, to strive through every political avenue to be placed upon equality with the whites, is a blow to the white civilization of this country." Senator Watson, of Georgia, also took issue. Turning again to the New York Tribune we read: He expressed regret that the President made the Birmingham speech, said the Negro question was Southern and local and similar to the Japanese question which is "vexing the Pacific Coast." He thought it unfortunate that the President, "who did not understand the situation in the South," should "lecture" the Southern people about treatment of the Negro. He denied there was economic discrimination against the Negro in the South. The Tribune reports a very strong word of Senator Spencer, of Missouri, but Re publican, who says: "The President, with characteristic force and dignity, uttered in the language of the statesman what every man who believes in the Constitution of the United States accepts wholeheartedly. That the right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be denied or abridged by the Unit"d States or any state on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude, is the fundamental law of the land." Northern white opinion on the speech in general is likewise divided. Thus we find Senator Hitchcock, of Nebraska thinking the President "right in principle," but de claring that "the race question could not be solved by argument and the President's speech would not improve the situation." But on the other hand Senator Willis of Ohio declares: "The President's ringing statement in de fense of political and economic equality of individual opportunity, with recognition of absolute divergence in things social and racial, is as courageous as it is true. The country will applaud President Harding's clearness of statement and patriotism of purpose." The New Republic (New York), finds the President's "scheme for the solution of the race problem in the South has much to recommend it, so far as its spirit is concerned." It is the belief of the San Francisco Call that he made a courageous speech "not calculated to win any white votes for the Republican party, but well over on the side of justice to the Negro." The editor continues gravely: "It is not pleasant for fairminded men to admit that any bravery is required for a government official to insist on the political and economic freedom, that is guaranteed 127 THE every citizen by the constitution of the United States. But the fact happens to be true in some sections of the country, and most flagrantly in the South." The colored press runs the gamut of approbation, antagonism and cynicism. This last note is frequently struck. The Oklahoma City Black Dispatch opines: "Viewing President Harding's speech from the angle of the purpose for which it was intended, it was a pretty good speech." The "purpose" this editor goes on to point out was, af course, to win over the white South. In similarly cynical vein runs this comment of the Houston (Tex.) Informer: "The President is precisely right in his viewpoint, spoken; his actions will be a horse of another color. "We have heard much of and from President Harding the "talker;" now let us see something tangible, definite and constructive from President Harding the "doer." Amen!" The Boston Chronicle expresses the same wish. James Weldon Johnson, writing in the New York Age, hopes doubtfully that the "net result of the President's speech will be good, but there is grave danger in some of the things he said." But there are some sui prises. The Norfolk Journal and Guide says amazingly: "As a whole President Harding's utterances were received with enthusiasm in the North, East and West, and there is every reason to believe that he spoke the sentiments of thousands of white Southerners. The South as a whole is not disposed to hold any deserving member of the Negro race back politically, economically and educationally." "The speech stands without a parallel among the utterances of the chief executives of the nation," thinks the Omaha Monitor. Less favorable is the criticism of the St. Paul Appeal, which considers that his speech "displayed remarkable misinforma tion on the subject due to the fact that he hais evidently studied from one side only." * * * POLITICAL EQUALITY Thus much for generalities. The purely political issues involved bring a different kind of comment. Here the colored press feels the motives behind the speech are at least questionable. The Oklahoma Black Dispatch goes into detail: To those of us who have watched the present administration get into action, we know that it is the desire of the Republican Party to break into the solid south. The  CRISIS activity of the national committee in the Georgia situation, which has well nigh shorn Col. Henry Lincoln Johnson of his power as National Committeeman, together with the other alliances that the Administration has made with lily-whitism throughout the South loans color to the thought that the President's speech was an attempt to step closer to the white South with an appeal that could later be construed to mean whatever any local condition demanded that it mean. Of course, it was to be expected that any sort of statement that a Republican standard bearer would make in the heart of the South would be attacked by such cheap politicians as Heflin, Pat Harrison, Mc-Kellar and Watson. That had to be counted on. But the main idea was to precipitate a discussion which in the long run would be beneficial to the Republican Party from the standpoint of votes. The Republican chieftains know that there is no way under hell or heaven to convert Hefin and Pat Harrison. They do have hopes, however, of running off with their crowd. If the above surmise is not correct, we have no way to account for the otherwise meaningless statement of the President about "social equality" to the whites and the admonition to his Negro auditors to "improve itself as a distinct race, with a heredity, a set of traditions, an array of aspirations all its own." Linking up the President's speech with the Democratic victories occurring shortly after in Kentucky, Virginia and New York City, the Houston Informer says: In both Kentucky and Virginia the colored citizens put out indipendent tickets, not that they were confident of winning any offices, but to "get the grand old party" chieftains told and show them where to "head in" in matters political. There is a well-defined program, inidious and infamous, among the white Republicans in the South (and Northern Republicans are apparently winking at the game) to oust the colored brother from the affairs and councils of the Republican party and render and maintain same absolutely "lilywhite" in every particular. The national administration, either consciously or unconsciously, wilfully or unknowingly, has nodded assent and put its stamp of approval upon this unRepublican, unAmerican and undemocratic elimination policy of the "lily-white" regime, clique and coterie. The colored voters have tired of such treatment, and, since Republican leaders have shown the inclination and disposition to give the race a "cold shoulder" and "double-cross", these colored Americans have decided that they have paid the Republican party about all they owe it and what the party owes them, they do not ever expect to get. Realizing that they are American citizens, these black voters perfected organizations THE LOOKING GLASS to alienate the colored vote from the Republican party, thereby showing to the party leaders that the "Uncle Tom" type of black man is an extinct specimen of humanity. "It is our contention," declares the Atlanta Independent, "that the Administration has turned the [Republican! party's affairs into the hands of lily-whites who are willing to join the party only on condition that the Negro is eliminated." To substantiate this statement it quotes the following from the Athens (Ga.) Evening News: "Republican party chieftains are laying extensive plans to build up a new party organization in the South, based on a greater white representation, it was learned here today. "At the congressional elections one year hence, this new organzation, they hope, will extend the Republican foothold in the South which was gained when Presid nt Harding broke down the opposition in many old line Democratic strongholds last year. Of whom does this new organization consist? Lily whites, as we save just stated, who believe no more in the principles of the Republican party than the rankest Democrat, and who are Democrats to all intents and purposes. They call themselves Republicans, simply to secure Republican jobs, but at base, they are nothing more nor less than bourbon Democrats. The Athens News says further: "The drive is aimed at influential white voters of the South and is based on three considerations: "1—The tremendous number of southern votes received by President Harding last November. "2—The support National Republican policies have received from southern busi ness men. "3—Belief of Republican managers that thousands of southern voters will turn Re publican once they are convinced that the race question would not be raised by Re publican success. "This view is held by his party officials to be the greatest obstacle to progress in the South and most attention is being directed at it just now." However, the division of colored people along political lines is not a bad thing, in deed "it has been the teaching of many thoughtful colored Americans for years," says the Omaha Monitor. It remains for the Kansas City Call to present reasons of international purport for the real motives underlying the President's speech, namely to inspire, while the Disarmament Conference is going on, more faith on the part of the Japanese toward us. The editor argues: They, [the Japanese] wonder will the United States, with its theory and practice of "white supremacy," be fair-minded and share commercial opportunity and political prestige with the yellow man? Will this nation be more kindly disposed toward one race of color than it has been toward the red man and the black man? Is there any sense of fair play and common humanity in the United States, where it deals with a people of color. At all costs the Japanese must be led to believe that America will be fair to a people of color, and that the subject matter, not the race of those interested, will be the thing considered. Hence the President's Birmingham speech. In it we feel sure that he was far more interested in the persuading the white American to dealing fair with the black American, than he was of proving the divergencies between the races. We believe he wants a free ballot and a fair count for Negroes more than he wants to maintain social isolation of the races. The President knows that if the American white people are not willing to leal justly with those of color whom they do know, they will not be believed when they claim to be fair-minded with another colored race. The white press comments on the fact that equal political opportunity would eventually mean the placing of Negroes in high legislative positions. And so remarks the Rochester Herald: In spite of President Harding's hope for a change, the South will remain solid for many years to come. It will remain so because it will not tolerate Negro rule. It will also remain Democratic, as its white voters cannot be convinced that Republican local governments can guarantee them the safeguards they must have for the protection of their property and of their lives. Approve of this stand or regret it, as we may, no person familiar with southern conditions and with the convictions and temperaments of southern white men, will deny that the South has taken it or that it will adhere to it. Nor will the North trouble itself to interfere with whatever political system the South adopts for itself. This is certain, if the experience of the past carries any lesson. It is a possibility that the Negro might become even President. The Boston Post inquires: But is it, under our laws and our spirit of liberty, so very appalling? If a Negro had the ability and the character, and could obtain the nomination and get votes enough to win the election, what then? Would the country go upon the rocks because, although its political laws and customs had been fully observed, the successful candidate were to have a dark skin? The Philadelphia Public Ledger backs up this attitude: No one will gainsay the truth of the 130 THE President's dictum that only the Negro who is fit to vote should be permitted to do so; and his further assertion that the same rule should apply to the white as well as to the black citizen went to the root of the problem, so far as concerns its political aspects. When this Nation is ready and has the courage and honesty to eliminate the unfit voter, whether he be white or black, that much the nearer will it attain to the ideal of democracy. But the Pittsburgh Leader observes rather cynically that the white Southerner will feel that all along he has been doing what the President advises as a safe political course. The purifiers of the South will tell Mr. Harding that allowing the Negro citizen to vote when fit and preventing the white citizen from voting when unfit has been their unvarying rule of conduct. But—they may also tell him what he probably knows, that, in their opinion, the Negro citizen is never actually fit and the white citizen never is actually unfit. Try as they will the whites of the South have never been able to discover the Negro citizen who is fit to vote. And on the other hand their closest scrutiny has failed to discover the white man who is unfit. . . . If there is one thing that is settled in the South to stay settled it is that no Negro is fit to vote and no white man unfit. Given free translation, that means that no Negro is ever fit to have anything except what the white man permits him to hold. If this is democracy the spirit of American institutions—to leave the law and constitution out of all consideration—then the South is the hearthstone of democracy and Americanism. "The President made the mistake," says the Brooklyn Citizen, "of trying at one and the same time to hold the Negro vote for the Republican party, and to capture the white vote." "The speech was a part of the Republican campaign," thinks the Springfield Republican. We read: For several months the leaders of the Republican party have been planning a real campaign to break the Democratic hold on the "solid South". Some have advocated that the way to do it is for some statement to be made which would assure the whites in the South that they could vote the Republican ticket without fear of Negro domination. This has indeed been advocated by those Republicans who hailed from the South and who knew that some such utterance was necessary before the whites could be persuaded to desert the Democratic standard. On the other hand, northern Republicans who have been helped in recent years by the influx of Negroes into their congressional districts have feared that CRISIS such a statement would be regarded as hostile by northern Negroes. A unique point of view is voiced by the Buffalo Times: It is a pity for anybody to put a political construction on this Birmingham speech and interpret it as an attempt to "split the solid South." The Birmingham address was not political. It was neither Republican nor Democratic. It was a plea for a truly American spirit of humanity and co-ordination with respect to the Negro question. The opinion gleaned from the white southern press shows that the President's plea for political equality met with little sympathy. In the first place the South dislikes outside interference. The Wash ington correspondent of the New York Tribune quotes Senator Heflin of Alabama: "There is no escape from the conclus'ion that absolute political and economic equality between the white man and the Negro means the wiping out of all color lines in partnerships in business and in the election of Negroes to office over white people. Social equality is next door to such a humiliating and disgraceful policy. So far as the South is concerned we hold to the doctrine that God Almighty has fixed the limits and boundary lines between the two races and no Republican living can improve upon his handiwork." Senator McKellar, of Tennessee found the President's discussion of "the race ques tion in the very heart of the black belt un fortunate." Frank Diedmeyer, of Birmingham, made in a letter to the New York Herald, a typical southern statement: The white people of the South have a deep conviction that they understand the black man: that they have solved the race problem; that both races, but each in its destined path, will march on to better and higher things, the one helpful to the other. All outside atempts to settle! the so-called race problem will fail. Such attempts tend to upset what might be called the Negro psychology, and the white man will continue to consider it imperative for his social and political preservation to remain under the standard of that political party which for more than a generation has guaranteed to him the stability of his institutions, the security of his home and, of his well being. "The speech," writes the editor of the Birmingham Post was "a political maneu ver, .. . a tactless address and a vio lation of the proprieties of the circum stances of the President's visit to Birming ham." The Baltimore American, however, feels that when the President went into the po THE LOOKING GLASS litical status of the Negro he talked "sense". It is injurious to link the Negro always and only with one party. The Republican party is already well in trenched; it is the South that needs help, not the party. The article continues: It does not need to break the Solid South in order to carry elections, but the Solid South does need to be broken if it is to march in step with the rest of the country along the road of progress. One-party rule in any section is deadening to the political energies of a people, and deadened political energies make for decay, corruption and economic retardment. That deadening process is one of the major reasons why the South has not kept step with the rest of the country in the ac cumulation of wealth. The South has lain largely dormant under the somewhat irre sponsible and slothful rule of a party sure of its power and immune to rebuke. * * * SOCIAL EQUALITY As might have been expected the point in the President's speech which drew the most editorial fire from white and black press alike was his dictum on social equal ity. North and South realize that there can be no real political equality without conse quent social equality. A. T. Hall, Sr., writ ing in the Pittsburgh Dispatch goes right to the heart of the matter: While the president appropriately voiced what has been all along the burden of the black man's plea in relation to equality— complete civic, industrial and political op portunity—his references to amalgamation and social equality were certainly far fetched and uncalled-for, despite his sugges tion to eliminate all consideration of them, unless they were thrown in as a "sop to Cerebus" or as a bit of rhetorical sugar to offset the other unpalatable facts he was trying to cram down the consciousness of his southern audience. The social side of man kind is a matter of natural and individual selection which no code of laws of human origin and construction has ever, or can ever, regulate or control. This fact is so patent and obvious that it makes the continued hullabaloo about race purity of professional agitators, or prejudiced persons, assume the character of a smoke screen, behind which the Negro is exploited wantonly, wickedly and in every possible manner. The San Francisco Call points out: Where the President tried to ride two horses, however, was in his limitation of the sort of freedom a Negro may expect. President Harding promised political and economic equality, but definitely said that no Negro should aspire to social equality, whatever that is. If it means what most people think it does, however, it means that President Harding, while willing to see the Negro elected to congress and becoming the owner of a farm or his own home, might not go so far as to invite a Booker T. Washington to dinner at the White House table. "You can't draw a sharp line between politics and social life," declares the New York New Republic. "That one reference to social equality," the New York Nation feels, "fell like a lash upon every thought ful Negro and offset much of the good Mr. Harding did." The Hartford Times thinks white people all over the country feel alike about con tact between the races and that Negroes feel no differently from the whites: Social equality of Negroes and whites is no more likely to be recognized in the North than it is in the South. There are differences among races that are "fundamental, eternal and inescapable," as the president said. We doubt if the intelligent Negro has any desire to mingle as a social equal with the whites; he undoubtedly prefers to be in the upper stratum of his own race. Indirectly the Boston Transcript links up the Japanese situation with Mr. Hard ing's views: In saying that "racial amalgamation cannot be," he goes on to associate racial integrity with the highest aims of humanity as well as with American national safety. The race problem, he says, is "becoming more and more a problem of the North, more and more a problem of Africa, of South America, of the Pacific, of the South Seas, of the world." If it is a problem of the world, those who are seeking to force an alien and an Asiatic race upon the American people may consider themselves rebuked, and signally rebuked at the very moment when they are preparing to assert their claims before the councils of the whole world. The Negro press throws down the gauntlet. Without social equality there can be no equality. Dr. DuBois challenges in the December CRISIS: Let us henceforward frankly admit that which we hitherto have always known; that no system of social uplift which begins by denying the manhood of a man can end by giving him a free ballot, a real education and a just wage. How can a man bring himself to conceive that the majority of mankind—Chinese, Japanese, Indians and Negroes are going to stand up and acknowledge to the world that they are unfit to be men or to associate with men, when they know they are men? Social inequality proclaims inferiority of ability. Says the Chicago Whip: How can we expect to receive economic equality and opportunity when social equal THE CRISIS ity is denied? Nobody wants to work side by side with his inferior. The white man will not allow his black brother to advance because of his intrinsic value as long as he is regarded as a social inferior. How can we expect to become officials in large concerns when the social intolerance of America and men like Harding prevent it? And the Chicago Enterprise specifies just what this race and social separateness will mean: Complete divergence socially and racially means Jim Crow cars, Jim Crow schools, and segregated cities. Experience has taught us that Jim Crow Schools mean poorly equipped and inefficient schools and segregated districts are always undesirable and neglected districts. How could the idea of our oneness as American citizens prevail if we insist on complete divergence socially and racially? The Pittsburg American feels that "what the president had to say on the question of social equality might better have been left unsaid," but that equal political and economic opportunities are the "only points that vitally concern this great group." Naturally the southern white papers had least to say about social equality since the doctrine of political equality had already aroused their ire. Still a few editors mention it. " A truce to race problem talks! There is no race problem in the South," declares the Memphis Commercial Appeal. "A sensible Negro does not want social equality with the white men and sane white men know that such a thing is impossible." We conclude with the Norfolk Virginian Pilot which thus sums up the racial difficulties of the South: "In a very real sense social and racial segregation carries with it an impairment of the equality of opportunity. In a very real and troublesome sense equality of opportunity encroaches on social and racial separateness. The South's problem is one of blending these two sets of principles for the good of both races. In its practical aspects the problem begins where the President leaves off. The promised land where the two races will dwell together in peace, neither encroaching upon the other, each enjoying equality of opportunity and equality of reward for achievement, but each preserving a dignified racial separateness— this Promised Land has already been shown to us by many a Moses of our own. The President's formula takes us no further than Nebo. We have been admiring the view from Nebo for a long time now, and it does not help much to be told to admire it some more." PRESIDENT HARDING'S Birmingham address challenged by Prof. Kelly Miller, Dean of Howard University. Have you read President Harding's address ? Read it but by all means you MUST read what Kelly Miller has to say about President Harding's statement of the "fundamental inescapable and eternal differences of the Race." Read his OPEN LETTER TO THE PRESIDENT. Keep abreast of the times. In pamphlet form sent to any address for 25c. Agents Wanted Here is your chance to make money, everybody wants a copy of this great "challenge." Six copies for $1.0 0 postpaid. Be the first in your territory to handle it. WRITE TODAY. Order at least one copy anyway. Austin Jenkins Co. Prof. Kelly Miller, A ut hor of " D i s grace of Democracy", of which 125, 523 Ninth St. Washington, D. C. 000 copies have been sold. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 133 KINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENT ATLANTA UNIVERSITY Educate Your Girl at In full operation since 1912 Professional course of two years The National Training Address Kindergarten Department Atlanta University Atlanta, Ga. School for Women and Girls 1 St. Philip's Normal &amp; Industrial School Lincoln Heights, Washington, D. C. Among the best schools for women and San Antonio. Texas. girls in the United States. (FOR GIRLS) The School that develops CHARACNormal, Academic, Junior and Music Courses, TER and PERSONALITY. We fill Teachers* Training, Domestic Sciences and Arts, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring, Short our students with a burning desire to hand, Typewriting, Bookeeping and Spanish. go out into the world and make not Boarding facilities. Ideal location. only a LIVING but a LIFE. Faculty from leading Universities. COURSE S Write for Bulletin. 6th, 7th and 8th Grades, Normal Preparatory and Normal, Music, Business, Domestic Artemisia Bowden, Principal Science and Arts Social Service Beauty Culture Physical Culture Ideal Location High Grade Teachers Thorough Training BEND FOR CATALOG Nannie H. Burroughs, President Prairie View State Normal and Industrial College Offers short courses in Auto Mechan ics, Battery Repair, Acetylene Weld ing, Ignition and Vulcanizing. Water's Mechanical Evening School For full information address: Courses of instruction Automobile Construction Automobile Driving1 Mechanical Drawing Division of Mechanic Arts Mechanical Mathematics Prairie View, Tex. JOHN F. WATERS, Principal 739 Bainbridge St., Philadelphia, Pa. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct Let us qualify you to be an expert stenographer, railroad connections. bookkeeper and speed typist. It is easy to write The only school of its kind in historic Northern Virginia. from 100 to 150 words per minute in shorthand State standard Four-Tear High School Course. and 40 to 90 words per minute on the typewriter. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral standards. Prepare boys and girls to become Tuition within the reach of all. Edward T. useful men and women; terms reasonable. Duncan, Principal, 1227 S. 17th St., PhiladelFor Information address phia, Penn. FflWARfl n H(1WF. PRINCIPAL ENROLL NOW! DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL ONLY SCHOOL OF ITS KIND SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING SAVE TIME AND MONEY DORMITORIES, $2.60 PER WEEK BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM M. J. DERRICK, Principal and Manager Mention TH « CRISIS. 134 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER An Indispensable Present "Unsung Heroes" By Elizabeth Ross Haynes DuBois and Dill, Publishers, New York "Unsung Heroes" is a handsomely illustrated book of 279 pages, published by Negro publishers, illustrations made by Negro artists. The book gives, in fascinating story form interesting to young and old, the lives of the following notable Negroes: Frederick Douglass, Paul Laurence Dunbar Booker T. Washington, Harriet Tubman. Alexander Pushkin, Blanche K. Bruce, Samuel Coleridge-Taylor, Benjamin Ranneker, Phillis Whcatley, Toussaint L'Ouverture, Josiah Henson, Sojourner Truth, Crispus Attucks, Alexander Dumas, Paul Cuffe, Alexander Crummell, John M. Langston. The stories, told as only an artistic story teller can tell them, will fascinate, inspire and inform both children and grown people. Much of the material used in these stories can only be found in such rare places as the Library of Congress, Washington, D. C. Some of the leading educators have pronounced the book a genuine contribution to literary art and to Negro history. A beautifully bound book for your library. One of the indispensable readers for school children. PRICE $2.50 POSTAGE PAID For copies write the author, 1761 Tea St., N. W., Washington, D. C. =Y0UR EDUCATION IS NOT COMPLETE Until You Have Read THE HISTORY OF THE NEGRO CHURCH (illustrated—S30 pp.) by CARTER G. WOODSON, Ph. D. (HARVARD) A gripping treatise of the rise and development^ of the greatest Negro institution—THE CHURCH. No home should be without a cpy —;no individual can consider himself inf rmed without an intimate knowledge of this great book. Just off the press $2.15 per copy THE ASSOCIATED PUBLISHERS, INC. 1216 U Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The only establishment dedicated to collecting and distributing the history and literature of the African and his descendants. Books out of print a specialty. 135 WEST 135th STREET NEW YORK, N. Y. A MONEY GETTER because it IS A CROWD GETTER Churcbea and Clubs looking for a via, that will afford an erenlng of Slda-Splittlni Fun. abould hart The Slabtown Convention Aa entertainment la one art; fall at wit aad good humor. Scores of eburcbes have cleared freaa One to Twa Hundred Dollars la Oae Night. PRICE. 50.. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Llaeoln Halghri. Wathlagtaa. 0. O. IMPROVE YOURSELF HELP OTHERS! Easy, pleasant. dignified work. $2 per hour. Unusual opportunity. Send 60c in stamps for membership, supplies, etc. National Literary ASSOCIATION 1230 TEA St. N. W.. WASH., D. C NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF COLORED GRADUATE NURSES and BUREAU OF INFORMATION For Colored Graduate Nurses Central Headquarters 317 West 138th St., New York, N. T. Telephone Audubon 5602 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Start the New Year Right! A Policy for Your Loved Ones Life Insurance in all its phases INDIVIDUAL OR GROUP ORDINARY LIFE ENDOWMENT LIMITED PAYMENT BY AGENCY OR BY MAIL "Supremacy in Insurance" THE SUPREME LIFE AND CASUALTY COMPANY COLUMBUS, OHIO HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given L. S. REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY Telephone 348 HOTEL MARY ELIZABETH (A New Hotel) W. B. SAWYEK. Proprietor Nearest colored Hotel to Business center of Miami PRICES REASONABLE SPECIAL RATES TO HOTEL MEN Will be opened Nov. 1st. 1921 Cor. 7th St., N.W. 2nd Ave. MIAMI, FLA. Upholsterers Cabinet-makers Decorators A beautiful and comfortable home is an inspiration to your friends as well as yourself. You should have the covering- of your furniture changed every three or four years. Also a different period drapery eif ect for all doors and windows. New appointments that will improve your boudoir are also necessary. Artcraft sanitary mattresses $10.00 up. Phone 6477 Columbus, write or call. Estimates, samples and designs furnished on request. ART CRAFT UPHOLSTERY CO. ^ 1929 BROADWAY NEW YORK, N. Y. AGENTS WANTED For a high grade line nf Calling Cards, Business Cards. Invitations. Social Stationery, etc. Big demand everywhere l.lheral commissions. Prompt deliveries. Write for sample* and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING. INDIANAPOLIS. IND. MME. G. B. NEEDLES FINE FURS FUR GARMENTS MADE TO ORDER Remodeling, Repairing, Redyeing 2202 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. Telephone Momingside 7590 Mention THE CRISIS. 136 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HITS — Nothing But — HITS MY JUNE LOVE BY SPENCER WILLIAMS The Hit of the "Put and Take" Show, Broadway's Fastest Musical Comedy. Allan Dale says: "It's a wonderful tune." NERVOUS BLUES VAMFIN' LIZA JANE By the writer of Crazy Blues Sung by Edith Wilson Sung by Edith Wilson Played by the Original Jazz Hounds Played by the Original Jazz Hounds Columbia Record No. B-3479 Columbia Record No. A-3479 OLD TIME BLUES FRANKIE BLUES Variety says this was the greatest finale of A Real Fox-Trot Blues any show ever played on Broadway. Sung by Edith Wilson Sung by Edith Wilson and Played by the Original Jazz Hounds Played by the Original Jazz Hounds Columbia Record A3506 Columbia Record B-3506 BUGLE BLUES PUT AND TAKE The Great Sensational Blues Yes, it's a one-step Blues. U NEED SOME LOVIN' BLUES IF YOU DON'T WANT ME BLUES The Great "Doctor Love" Sqng The big Blues Melody Fox-Trot Okeh Record 4295. Okeh Record U9i Sung by Mamie Smith Sung by Mamie Smith Note—We also publish "Crazy Blues", "It's Right Here for You", "Bye and Bye", "Lovin'' Sam From Alabam", "Possum Trot" and "Jazzbo Ball". PERRY BRADFORD, Inc. J 547 Broadway, New York, N. Y. The National Negro Hymn "Lift Every Voice and Sing" Words hy James Weldon Johnson Music hy J. Rosamond Johnson Sung at Emancipation Day Exercises, , Public Meetings and Conventions, Suitable for Choruses, Schools, Choirs, Etc. Published by The EDWARD B. MARKS MUSIC CO. 102-104 W. 38th St., New York, N. Y. (Publishers of "Ll'L GAL", by J. Rosamond Johnson) QUARTETTE—SPECIAL PRICE FOR A LIMITED TIME (Male or Mixed Voices) 15 c SONG 25c SPECIAL PRICE IN QUANTITIES FOR COLLEGES, SCHOOLS, CHURCHES, ETC. Cleota Collins. Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved al charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 166 Hamilton Avenue Columbus, Ohio E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Direct or of Mueic *»f St. Marks M. E Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system, •tudio: ISO W. 138th St.. Xew York, IT. T. Telephone Morningside 1 70S LINCOLN MOTION PICTURE CO. I Est. 1916. Capitalized $75,000 $50,000 common, $25,000 8% preferred. Oldest Film Corporation in the World Producing Negro Photo-plays. 1121 CENTRAL AVE., LOS ANGELES STUDENTS W e would like to secure the services of students during the school term to act as agents —taking subscriptions and selling single copies The CRISIS Liberal commission is offered Address: A. G. DILL 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Every Time You Buy a BLACK SWAN RECORD You Buy The Only Record Made By Colored People Some white companies whose sales have been affected by the sale of our records are using a few short-sighted colored people in establishing a Jim Crow Annex to their business. They hope to rid themselves of our competition in that way and to reduce the Negro singer and musician to the same status he had before we entered the field. Meanwhile our sales are nearly doubling each month and with our unusually fine records which are superior to these same competitors we are so thoroughly established in the hearts of those who regularly buy BLACK SWAN RECORDS that we are bound to secure, with your co-operation, the fullest opportunity for our own music and musicians. We need your encouragement and support. Buy new BLAC K SWAN RECORDS regularly every month from your agent and your dealer or direct by mail from us. We have an exceptionally fine list of Xmas records. Any three by mail postpaid $2.55. PACE PHONOGRAPH CORPORATION 2289 Seventh Avenue New York, N. Y. AGENTS WANTED IN EVERY COMMUNITY Mention TH E CRISIS. 13 8 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NATIONAL CAPITAL CODE OF ETIQUETTE Combined with Floyd's Flowers or Stories for Colored People ETIQUETT E FAKT i A Book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, in siructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored Society leaders on the street; at tke Tkeatre; at Church; in the Home; at Receptions, Balls, Parties, Weddings, Dinners, etc, etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hr.ts, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve your guests at breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; bow to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help (he must prominent member of society or the most humble. Illustrating Table Manners STORIES PART 2 A wonderful collection of Short Stories for Young and Old. Stories that will hold your attention from start to finish. Ry the most famous colored writer of Short Stories in America. Stories of Adventure Stories of Pluck Stories of Bravery Stories of Success Stories of School Days Stories of Great Men ARTHUR X. FLOYD Stories for Father, Mother or the Children. Funny Stories; Stories that will bring the tears to your eyes; Stories once started must Agents Wanted l&gt;e finislic'l before laying aside the book. HandWe are looking for iooo hustlers, men somely illustrated—pictures that seem to live throughout the story. and women. Our offer will pay you positively $4 to $9 per day. One agent made A Book you will want—Must have in your home—A most excellent gift $21 the first day. Such an opportunity comes but once in a lifetime Over fifty pages of pleasing pictures taken from best photographs. A BIG BOOK , con AGENTS' SAMPLE showing specimen taining over 400 pages. The people are much pages and the pictures and covers of book pleased with this new publication and are will be mailed to you for 2? cents. Tt sending thousands of orders to us. Order to day. W e send by insured parcel post: re represents exactly the complete book. turn your money if not perfectly satisfied. Send 25 cents for agents' outfit to-day. Price ONLY $2.50. Write today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. Book and Bible Publishers Send for free catalog of 160 books Mentii n TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Postage Prepaid We make this special offer for 30 days, to the wonderful value, style and fit of Progress tailoring. We will tailor to your special order, a pair of these stylish $6.00 pants, send them to you postage prepaid and guarantee two years' solid wear or money back for only $1.95. E Agents Wanted-$ 7eSra 3 every week, taking orders from your friends and neighbors for our high class tailoring. No experience necessary. Big Sample Outfit FREE Drop us a line today and we will send you absolutely free our big assortment of woolen samples, style book and special wholesale prices on our made-to-measure suits—$12.45 up and made-tomeasure pants—$1.95 up. Full details of this offer sent FREE. The Progress Tailoring Co., Dept. A -H7 Chicago, III Mention TH I CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER GOING FAST ACT QUICKLY IF YOU WANT ORCHARDVILLE LOTS AT EACH $29.52 $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH This offer is meeting with GREAT The location of Orchardville is ideal SUCCESS. People from ALL and everybody who has been there so OVER THE COUNTRY are takfar has expressed himself or herself as ing advantage of it, and the demand being HIGHLY PLEASED with everything. That is why the demand for the for the lots is INCREASING BY lots is increasing so fast. LEAPS AND BOUNDS. This offer should receive your careful The lots are size 30 x 144 feet each and consideration because it may be just have plenty of room for a house, garwhat you have been looking for. You den, chicken yard, etc., besides a few can get all the details by simply writing fruit trees which can be planted later your name and address plainly on the ON. Each LOT is sold under a MONEY coupon below and sending it to us BACK GUARANTEE and the title to RIGHT AWAY. We will then send the property is ABSOLUTEL Y you booklets telling you all about it. CLEAR. MAIL THE COUPON TODAY. ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY ARENSON REALTY DEV'FT COHP. CHICAGO, ILL. D»t« 191 Gentlemen:— I would like to receive all the detail, regarding your new lot offer, without any obligation on my part. Name Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER You may have the Charm of a perfect Skin and Scalp Expensive treatments are no longer necessary for those who have used this wonderful scalp and skin soap which reflects a clean healthy scalp and skin. Amron Soap appeals to those who wish to preserve a fresh youthful charm of their skin, and to rid the complexion of blotches, roughness, enlarged pores, and to keep the skin soft and velvety. It gives a refreshing creamy and unusually charming lather in either hard or soft water, and it invigorates while it cleanses. This large size cake of pure white soap sent FREE with each order we receive for the famous Amron Hair Shampoo Amron Hair Shampoo is a pure and entirely greaseless product AMRON and is highly recommended. It will make your hair beautiful, soft, fresh, luxurient. Two or three tablespoons cleanses the hair and C0COANUTOIL scalp thoroughly, it removes every particle of dirt, dandruff and excess oil and leaves the hair silky, fluffy, thicker, and easy to do up. Don't delay, send 50c either in stamps or money order for full size bottle of this wonderful shampoo, and we will send you a large 6ize cake of Amron Skin Soap FREE. Regular price of soap 3 ior 45c. We will also send you FREE our latest booklet showing latest fashion fox proper hairdressing. HUMANIA HAIR COMPANY SHAMPOO 23 Duane Street New York City Agents Wanted In Every Town and Locality. GOOD PAY Catalog Free THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N. Central Dept. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA CHRISTMAS[CATALOGUE READY SEND FOR ONE It Is Full of Fast Selling Goods We want men and women who are desirous of making $35 to $.50 per week clear profit from the start in permanent business of their own. ART NOVELTY CO., DEPT. J., 2193 SEVENTH AVE., NEW YORK CITY, N. Y. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, PRE.. 641 W . 9th St. CINCINNATI. OHIO HAVE YOU $5000.00! A high class man with the above amount of cash to invest can secure a wonderful opportunity with a successful Northern corporation, with excellent position at a good salary. Address R. S. R-, care the Crisis, 70 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER -the Best Dress • Tables SPECIAL OFFER 4in 1 Until Dec. 25,1921 Face Powder $ .50 -„ Talcum Powder .50 /\.ll IOT Vanuhino Peroxide .50 '/2 oz. Perfume 1,00 tf» 1 i\ (Cupid Drops) — ^ tj&gt; 1 • D U J.R.Wiggins JMLTFTJ. MANUFACTURING ,f*jt^&gt; CH£t~*ft5T— jrfY$ ^iSk Broadway rJewYorK-N.YjllaP - ' ' " -~~^mi\W/ AWARDED FIRST GRAND PRIZE (PHILADELPHIA AUTUMN FAIR) OCTOBER 16-29TH. SOPHIA'S Incomparable Preparations FOR THE HAIR, SCALP AND COMPLEXION (Special Combination Offer No. 1) 1—50C HAIR DRESSING A I I KV»j-L_50C WHITENING CREAM" * * " N 1—50C GLYCERINE SHAMPOO TT* 1 O C 1—50C COMPLEXION POWDER « P 1 .OiJ (ANY SHADE) 1—35C GLOSSINE (X-RAY) Mailed postpaid in the $2.35 United States. CLIMAX A CREAM OF PERFECTION FOR PARTICULAR MEN . USED WITH X-RAY HAIR SHINE, THE FINISHING GLOSS—FULL TREATMENT , POSTPAID, $1.35. AGENTS WANTED—GOOD PROFITS ISentl for Illustrated Catalogue today.) G. T. YOUNG, Incorporated Manufacturers. SOPHIA'S BUILDING 61 9 South 15th St. PHILADELPHIA, PA. COSMOS LABORATORY Manufacturing Chemist CONSULTATION AND RESEARCH. SPECIALIST IN PERFUMERY AND TOILET PREPARATIONS. LET ME SOLVE YOUR PROBLEMS, PERFECT YOUR FORMULAS, OR FURNISH YOU WITH ANY FORMULA. ANALYSIS MADE. FEES ARE REASONABLE FOR PRACTICAL AND RELIABLE ADVICE. ADDRESS C. D. CAMPBELL, ANALYTICAL CHEMIST. P. 0. BOX 204, DEPT. B., NEWPORT, RHODE ISLAND WANTED AT 0NCE~ FEW LIVE AGENTS! HUSTLERS! TO SELL EXCELLENT NEW LINE; COLD CREAMS, PERFUMES, TOILET WATERS, HAIR GROWERS, OILS AND POMADES. FINE CHANCE FOR COL LEGE STUDENTS, SPARE TIME WORK, 100 % PROFITS, ADDRESS CHEMICAL COSMETIC CO., DEPT. C, BOX 204, NEWPORT, R. I. SEND 2C STAMP FOR AGENT'S CONFI DENTIAL PRICE-'IST. YOU—YOURSELF—ran POSITIVELY MAKE $85 TO $100 A WEEK. I WANT MEN, HUSTLING, ENERGETIC, AMBITIOUS FELLOWS, ANXIOUS TO MCKE MONEY, WHO ARE WILLING TO WORK WITH ME. NOT FOR ME, BUT WITH ME. ARE YOU THAT KIND? I WANT YOU TO ADVERTISE, SELL AND APPOINT LOCAL AGENTS FOR THE BIGGEST, MOST SENSATIONAL KLLTR IN 50 YEARS—THE ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB, Demonstrating Tub Furnished. HERE'S A TRULY WONDERFUL INVENTION—NOTHING LIKE IT MAKES INSTANT APPEAL. SELLS EASILY. GIVES EVERY HOME A MODERN, UP-TO-DATE BATHROOM IN ANY PART OF THE HOUSE NO PLUMBING, NO WATER-WORKS NEEDED. FOLDS IN SMALL ROLL, HANDY AS UMBRELLA. SELF-EMPTYING, POSITIVELY UNLEAKABLE. ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED FOR 10 YEARS. REMEMBER, FULLY 70 PER CENT OF HOMES HAVE NO BATH ROOMS. MORE THAN 70,000 ALREADY BOLD FREE Demonstrating Tub FREE THRCO SALEA A DAY MEANS $90 A WEEK. TJREEZE OF IDAHO MARIE $400 PROFIT IN 30 DAYS. REV. OTTO SCHULZE, MO., GOT $1600 TO DATE. BURKHOLDER, MONT., ORDERS $1072 IN 17 DAYS. HAMLINTON. OF WYO.. MADE $60 FIRST TWO DAYS. HUNDREDS LIKE THAT. PLEASANT, PERMANENT, FASCINATING WORK. WRITE A POST CARD. LET ME WRITE YOU A LONG LETTER. NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED, NO CAPITAL. YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD IF YOU MEAN BUSINESS. BUT YOU MUST HE AMBITIOUS, YOU MUST WANT TO MAKE MONEY. THAT'S ALL. WRITE A POSTCARD NOW. I WANT TO PAY YOU $85 TO $100 EVERY WEEK. T  RQBINSON HOUSEHOLD MFC. CO. H £ What Every Lady Likes A highly perfumed Toilet WATER. QUINO LILAC Flowers, or Rose Crush IN BEAUTIFUL SIX OUNCE Shaker Top bottles, postpaid $1. CAN YEN beat it? QUIN O Face Cream, FACE POWDERS, Rouges, Talcum, Etc.—the Classy Toilet SPECIALties. Agents wanted. BIG commissions. WRITE QUINO, Dept. I), Nashville, Tenn. Tel. 6417 Fort Hill Cable Addrejs. Epben EDGAR P BENJAMIN ATTOIKIT AND COUHIHXOI-AT-LAW 14 School Street Boiton, Mass. ^WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention THE CRISIS. A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two Colored Women with the American Expeditionary Forces.   (Hunton and Johnson) ..................... $2.50 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems.  (Georgia Douglas Johnson) .......................................... 1.25 Norris Wright Cuney.   (Maud Cuney Hare) ............. 1.50 The Soul of John Brown.   (Stephen Graham) ........... 2.00 A Narrative of the Negro.   (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk.  (W. E. B. DuBois).............---- 2.00 A Century of Negro Migration.   (Carter G. Woodson) ---- 1.10 The Curse of Race Prejudice. (James F. Morton)...........25 History of the Negro. (Benjamin Brawley).............. 2.00 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 2.25 Half a Man.   (Mary White Ovington) .................... 1.20 Aftermath of Slavery.   (William Sinclair) ............. 1.50 My Life and Work.   (Bishop Alexander Walters) ........ 1.50 Unsung Heroes.   (Elizabeth Ross Haynes)................ 2.50 The Shadow.  (Mary White Ovington).................... 2.00 John Brown.   (W. E. B. DuBois)........................ 2.00 Negro in American History. (J. W. Cromwell) ........... 2.00 Prince Hall and His Followers.   (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Voice of the Negro.   (Robert T. Kerlin).............. 2.50 Negro Culture in West Africa. (George W. Ellis)........ 3.00 The Negro.   (W. E. B. Du Bois)...........................90 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861.   (Carter G. Woodson) ........................................ 2.00 The Negro Faces America.  (Herbert J. Seligmann)........ 1.75 Darkwater.   (W. E. B. DuBois)......................... 2 25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar........................ 2.50 Afro-American Folksongs.  (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Booker T. Washington.    (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) .................................... 2.00 Address: THE CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. ACCEPTABLE GIFTS FOR HOLIDAYS MADAM C. J. WALKER'S- WONDERFUL HAIR GROWER VEGETABLE SHAMPOO TETTER SALVE TEMPLE GROWER GLOSSINE PERFUME ROUGE COLD CREAM DENTAL CREAM TOILET WATER TALCUM POWDER ANTISEPTIC SOAP COMPLEXION SOAP CLEANSING CREAM VANISHING CREAM SUPERFINE FACE POWDER (WHITE, ROSE-FLESH, BROWN) World renowned and Supreme in reputation, Madam C. J. Walker's Superfine Preparations make ideal gifts at Christmas time. An exceptional opportunity to acquaint your friends with their high standard of excellence. Walker Agents and Druggists will supply you. For a Chapless winter use our Witch Hazel Jelly The Madam C. J. Walker Mfg. Co. 640 N. West St. Indianapolis, Indiana