The Crisis , made The Crisis AUGUST, 1922 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY Another Lighthouse to Help Chart Negro Business into The Right Channel. The Southern Aid Society's New Modern 3 story and basement building located at 106 and 106A South Ave., Petersburg, Va. Petersburg's first colored bank and its leading professional and business interests now have modern quarters within which to display their talents and wares. The Society's District Office is located on 3rd floor. In addition to providing a superior policy of protection to its policyholders—the Society renders a threefold service to the race: It gives employment to hundreds of young women and men—It provides ready cash to its policyholders in times of sickness, accident and death—It provides, in the largest cities in its field of operation, modern office facilities to the colored professional and business interests. It is indeed a Servant of the People. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street, RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies in Virginia and the District of Columbia J. T. CARTER, Pres. and Gen'l Counsel B. L. JORDAN, Seoty. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Secty. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR ; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 24-No. 4_AUGUST, 1922_Whole No. 142 COVER Photograph of a Master of Arts, University of California. OPINION .............................................. 151 THE FAITH OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO. Mordecai Wyatt Johnson. . 156 "CHARCOAL, LEDDY, CHARCOAL". Illustrated. Effie Lee Newsome. . 158 WANTED: A REAL BUSINESS LEAGUE. R. McCants Andrews........ 160 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE............................................ 164 POEMS. Langston Hughes, Jessie Fauset, James Waldo Fawcett.......... 167 A PILGRIMAGE TO JOHN BROWN'S GRAVE. Illustrated. J. Max Barber...... 167 A SONNET IN MEMORY OF JOHN BROWN. Georgia Douglas Johnson...... 169 THE HORIZON. Illustrated ..................................... 170 THE LOOKING GLASS .......................................... 177 THE CRISIS FOR SEPTEMBER The September CRISIS will contain a third article on Marcus Garvey and an illustrated article on Julius RosenwaM's Donations to the Negro. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTION TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The data of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address! must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thai far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar Idaesl The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A Mfh Institution for thi training at Mlored youth. Exultant equipment thorouih Instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for «II students. Courses In carpentry, sericulture and trades lor boys. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestlo science and domestic art (or girls. A new trades building, thorougbly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly aid nedernly equipped. Terms reasonable. For Information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana. Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: Join S, Konda.ll, D.D., Lincoln TTalvmity, Cheater County, Penna. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers Cheyney, Pa. A Pennsylvania State Normal School offering. In addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses In Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses mates a graduate eligible to teach In the public schools of Pennsylvania.. A three-year High School Course Is offered to all who have completed the eighth granuner grade. Next term begins September 18, 1922. For further particulars and catalog, write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal Cheyney, Pa. There Will Be No Sunmer School for IKS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Norma) School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers courses in the following departments. College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term begins Wednesday, Sept. 13, 1922. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY Griffen Knozville. Tenn. Founded 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150.000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use in September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere— Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High. School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course» with degree of A.B, Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 54th year of nine months opens September 20, 1922. 9100.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING. President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State baring for its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training tar Colored citizens in Kentucky. Special training In Insurance, Social Berries, Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, CommereUl, Music, DomeoUe Science, Missionary training class. Brenlng elasses, esrrtaaondenea osons. Deal ess oaTered President C. H. Parrlah MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address. JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, operated under tie swalces of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences, Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High. School. The School of Arte and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 16 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely ffingllsh, Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. an required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MoCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris-tion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President BISHOP J. 8. FLIPPER, Chairman Trusta* Basra) Howard University Washington, D. C. Founded by GENERAL O. O. HOWARD J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., D.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer COLLEGIATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS Autumn Quarter.. Friday, Sept. 29, and Saturday, Sept. 30,1922 REGISTRATION /Winter Quarter Tuesday, January 2, 1923 (Spring Quarter Saturday, March 17, 1923 FOR CATALOG AND INFORMATION WRITE F. D. WILKINSON, Registrar r HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 BEREAN Manual Training and Industrial School (Non-Sectarian) S. College Ave. &amp; N. 19th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Spring Term Opening April 4th, 1922 DAY AND NIGHT SESSIONS Write for Bulletin to the Principal MATTHEW ANDERSON, D.D. 1926 8. College Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. BEGISTEB. NOW SEASONABLE Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box St, Wllberforee The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nursea Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1I67 for the Education of Negro Leaden Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE Founded 1866 Location Ideal It offers courses in the Liberal Arts, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. For further information write SAMUEL A. OWEN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Sooiety of Chicago and Boston and A, B. H. Sooiety of New York. Students from tlx different states. Graduâtes exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkaasas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, Prttidmnt ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary, Address: THE SISTEK-IN-CHAEGE, 61SS Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNF Principal. THE CRISIS Vol. 24. No. 4 AUGUST, 1922 Whole No. 142 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois ILLITERACY Census figures say that the il-literacy of the Negro in the South has been lowered from 33 3/10 per cent in 1910 to 26 3/10 per cent in 1920. Without the experience of the war we would greatly rejoice in this news, but today we know that census figures on illiteracy for both black people and white are not worth the paper upon which they are written. The United States is one of the most ignorant of modern civilized countries. THE HIGHER TRAINING OF NEGROES IT is estimated that the following Americans of Negro descent have been graduated from college : 1820-1829 ................................... 3 1830-1849 .......... ........... 7 1850-1859 ..................................... 12 1860-1869 .................................... 44 1870-1879 ..................................... 313 1880-1889 ..................................... 738 1890-1899 .....................................1,126 1900-1909 .....................................1,613 1910-1919 .....................................2,861 During the years in which The Crisis has kept special record there have been the following graduates : 1914 ........................................... 250 1915 .......................................... 281 1916 .......................................... 338 1917 .......................................... 455 1918 .......................................... 384 1919 .......................................... 373 1920 .......................................... 364 1921 .......................................... 461 A nearly complete list of graduates for 1922 shows in northern white institutions 77 colored Bachelors of Arts and Sciences and 13 Masters of Arts ; in Negro institutions, 446 Bachelors of Arts and Sciences and 7 Masters of Arts; making a total of 523 Bachelors and 20 Masters. In addition to this there have been graduated 19 lawyers in the North and 56 in the South, a total of 75 ; 54 doctors of medicine in the South and 7 in the North, total of 61 ; 61 pharmacists in the South and 12 in the North, a total of 73 ; 70 dentists in the South and 5 in the North, making a total of 75 ; 42 Bachelors of Divinity and Theology in the South and 6 in the North, a total of 48, making in all 332 professional graduates. THE HIGHER TRAINING OF AMERICANS IN 1890 there were 156,449 students in institutions of higher learning in America. In 1918 there were 375,359. In such institutions there were, in 1890, 7,918 teachers, in 1918, 36,522 teachers. In 1890, 7,319 degrees of Bachelors of Arts were granted and in 1918, 28,-052. In 1890 the property of institutions of higher learning amounted to $75,818,723. In 1918 this had increased to the enormous sum of $489,200,884. Productive funds had increased from $77,000,000 to $480,-000,000. In 1890, of the population from 19 to 23 years of age, 3.4% were in college while in 1918 this had increased to over 4.5%. All this shows the gratifying increase of higher education in the United States. One would expect under these circumstances a hymn of praise in the United States at seeing our nation very slowly, but progressively, becoming an educated nation. On the contrary this is not true; indeed the increase of our college population has given rise in some quarters to a grave fear—a fear not always fully expressed, but ever and again finding some expression. A decade or so ago this dissatisfaction found voice in wide-spread effort to divert students from college training into technical lines. But the increase of technical students did not decrease the number of college students ; quite to the contrary. Today we are hearing complaints about "crowding" in institutions and the desirability of "sifting" students. The real fear back of all this, is that we are over-educating "the masses". These masses include many groups—laborers, artisans, Latins, Irish—but especially two easily distinguished groups, Jews and Negroes. THE AMERICAN JEW HARVARD instructor told his colored assistant not long ago that he had watched the comme ncement procession. "Do you know I carefully counted the members of the Phi Beta Kappa and eight out of ten of them were Jews !" He paused for comment, but none came. At Yale University the University Secretary looked a colored graduate squarely in the eye and said, only a few years ago, "We do not want Jews or Negroes or Chinamen at Yale, we want Americans." There is a story, which may or may not be apocryphal, that when a new president was elected at Columbia the old president sent him a telegram which said, "He, watching over Israel, slumbers not nor sleeps" ; and the telegram meant that it was the business of the new president to get rid of Jews in the University as far as possible, both from the faculty and from the student body. The same thing has been true in many other institutions and recently it has come up for open discussion at Harvard. This attitude strikes the Negro as curiously paradoxical. The Negro has been objected to apparently for lack of brains and for low culture ; but the Jew is now being objected to Jor excess of brains and over-keen "Mentality. All the world fears this group of thinkers. Yet the modern historical reasons for this are clear. The ancient Jew was a farmer, shepherd and emotional dreamer. Oppression —ugly, cruel, malignant oppression for a millenium—made them breed for brains. They encouraged and made to survive the thoughtful, keen, reasoning human being. Their physical and emotional life was narrowed and they became the keenest thinking group of the modern world. As that world became economic, the Jews became economic leaders. As it turns otherwhere, they turn too and still are in the lead. Out of this has grown European Anti-Semitism—a combination of religious, racial and economic hatreds. America has hitherto escaped this, because the American Jews, largely of German descent and long resident here found little opposition and much to make them proud of being Americans. What prejudice they found they tactfully attacked by ignoring it. Then came the Jew from Eastern Europe, born in oppression and born fighting. He saw anti-Jewish discrimination here which American Jews were ignoring as in the recent Annapolis case. The new Jew refused to forget his blood, his religion, his racial consciousness. He claimed the right to be proud of his Jewish heritage, to promote a new and mightier Zion and yet to be an American. Right here he clashed with the Nordic ideal : that every real American must be of English descent or pretend that he is. That this is an Anglo-Saxon empire and all others must go. THE NEGRO The Negro has not been breeding for an object. Slavery meant that he was unbred : that he was impoverished economically, that his family life, the basis of all breeding, was ruthlessly broken up. Nevertheless he is beginning to gather himself together. He finds himself surrounded in the modern world by men who have been bred for brains for efficiency, for beauty. He is beginning carefully to train and breed for the same purposes in varying proportions. He is beginning to appear in the colleges of the North in appreciable numbers. In 1890 there were two Negro students in Harvard. In 1922 there were 40. Five or more of the large institutions have Negro instructors or assistants and in one case an assistant professor. The Phi Beta Kappa has been admitting them here and there in a thin but unbroken stream. Whatever the world and America may say, even the blindest realize that in time efficiency and brain and beauty are going to be well-bred in the American Negro race. The advance is irresistible, clear, unquestionable. In a part of the country the opposition to this, born in slavery, is strong and implacable. What kind of a land would this be, says the South, with Negroes as Men—self-guiding, efficient, keen and self-respecting men? Therefore the South persists in lynching and mob violence, in "Jim Crow" cars and studied race hatred. And the South is finding allies. Harvard mothered Emerson, Lowell and Shaw, but it also bore sons who supported Slavery and helped mob Garrison. Today Harvard honors Senator Underwood and seeks to bar Jews and Negroes. Senator Underwood sits in our highest legislature as a result of lawless fraud and defiance of the Constitution of the United States. He may not lead the mobs of Alabama but he would not punish any white man who did lead a mob. He has been given the degree of Doctor of Laws at Harvard by President Lawrence Lowell whose name is unpleasantly reminiscent of that "cotton dust" that once stopped the ears of New England, and who recently when asked by the N. A. A. C. P. to join leading Americans in denouncing lynching did not even acknowledge the letter. THE END OF A DYNASTY HERE then we have an extraordinary alliance. It is partly I subconscious, partly the full consciousness of a few and the blind acquiescence of the many: but mark you : Irish are ruling Massachusetts ; Italians are her growing labor reservoir; both are Catholics. The Ku Klux Klan attacks Catholics bitterly; New England fears Catholics and seeks to hang two alleged Italian murderers on evidence that does not convince the laymen. And now comes Harvard—Fair Harvard —fearing Jews and Negroes. I remember a scene. It was in 1920. A Harvard class was reuniting in Boston. A man arose to speak. He was easily the most distinguished man in the class; he was one of the most distinguished in America; but while he was white and "American", he was not a Mayflower descendent. In fact he was a man of no family, of no ancestors, a new-made and a self-made man, child perhaps of laborers and washerwomen. And while he was trying to talk to his class out of his splendid war experience he was continually interrupted by a drunken sot who represented the blood of one of the finest and most distinguished families of New England; the latest generation of a line of rulers and aristocrats. And the astonishing thing about it was that the class regarded the whole thing as a joke, and if either of the two were to be stopped they would rather have stopped the distinguished authority upon international law than to have interrupted the drunken aristocrat! I saw a sudden vision : the end of a dynasty, grasping and gripping for power and privilege ; and the relentless fateful coming of new men, new blood, new races. AMERICANIZATION We are far from forgetting New England to America and in particular the gift of New England to the American Negro, but we cannot fail to forsee that today the same dry rot of aristocracy is entering New England and Harvard that has ruined in other days the aristocracies of the world. What we think we mean by Americanization is the making of this country one great homogeneous whole working for the same ideals, defending its integrity, preserving its hard found liberty. As a matter of fact what the powerful and the privileged mean by Americanization is the determination to make the English New England stock dominant in the United States, and to make it dominate not only in its fine language and democratic ideals and freedom of thought, but in any modern narrowing and contradiction and denial of these older ideals which newer and lesser men may bring. It is but a renewal of the Anglo-Saxon cult ; the worship of the Nordic totem, the disfranchisement of Negro, Jew, Irishman, Italian, Hungarian, Asiatic and South Sea islander—the world rule of Nordic white through brute force. Others may come in but only as dumb laborers or silent witnesses or as those willing to surrender their will and deeds to the glory of the "Anglo-Saxon"! .And yet, the majority of people in the United States are not of English descent. They admire much that England has done, they criticise and hate other things. They propose that America shall be a land for American development and that into that development shall grow many different roots. They do not propose that New England thought, past or present, shall dominate American future. They do not propose that America shall be a colony of England. They see England today, despite her splendid past, as one of the great foes of human liberty, and they do not pre/pose that this power shall be felt this side the water. It is this feeling that ise making in the vast empire of the Middle West, centers of thought and r,effort diametrically opposed politically, economically, socially, to New England and the Atlantic coast. It is the fight against this new strong development of Americanism of the Middle West that is slowly, but surely uniting New England with the South; because, after all, the white South is "pure" Anglo-Saxon, despite the fact that it is so widely degraded, reactionary, and without art, literature or humanitarian impulse.' Neither side in this vast developing controversy loves Jew or Negro or Irishman as such. But the West has a vision of Democracy that reaches beyond Englishmen or New Englander. Moreover the West is not blind. The same forces south and east that are fighting democracy in the United States are fighting black men and fighting Jews. The great alliance then between the darker people the world over, between disadvantaged groups like the Irish and the Jew and between the working classes everywhere is the one alliance that is going to keep down privilege as represented by New England and old England. THE FUTURE In this fight we can, thank God, count on many people who by birth and position belong to the privileged group but who nevertheless will not give up the principle of freedom and equal treatment which the Pilgrim fathers tried to establish in America. They did not wholly succeed but they did make it impossible to herd New Englanders. You can herd Southerners like sheep, so that at the crack of a demogog's whip no man dare rebel. You can herd the West although not so completely. But in New England there are always Roger Williams, and Lloyd Garrison and Wendell Phillips and Moorfield Storey; and New England has learned, albeit hardly, to let these prophets and rebels talk. And this is the glory and hope of New England and of America. Present facts then need not for a moment discourage black folk in the United States. The developments at Harvard we have long seen coming. The attempt of some parts of the Nordic race to own and dominate the earth is a well-known program, but it is a program that is fighting against the stars in their courses. Democracy is going to develop. Democracy is going to include the workingmen, the despised hoards of eastern and southeastern Europe, the yellow men of Asia and the black men of Africa, America and the South Seas. There is no amount of combination, no effort at discrimination or exclusion that is going, in the long run, to stop this inevitable development. We may shiver under the Harvard development, we may see with distrust a secret propaganda against Jews suddenly brought to light and transforming itself because of the wealth and power of that group. And on the other hand we may learn that the ears of President Lowell are still deaf to the protest of Negro students expelled from the Freshman dormitory, because Negroes have no prospective endowment funds for Harvard. But all this is passing, all this is but the instance of a greater and grimmer battle and in that battle the triumph of Democracy for the darker races, for the segregated groups, and for the disadvantaged classes is written in the everlasting stars. THE KU KLUX WE pause to remind Dr. Arthur Talmadge Abernethy, who promised on March 17 to have Matthew Bullock returned to North Carolina within 90 days, that the time is flying and Mr. Bullock has not yet appeared. LIGHT SOUTHERN white professors in the universities of Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Virginia, sent out last January a statement that deserves wide circulation and repetition: "Sane, thoughtful men, who love truth find justice, can meet together and discuss problems involving points of even strong disagreement and arrive at a common understanding, if only they remember to look for the next best thing to do rather than attempt to determine for all time any set of fixed policies or lay down an inclusive program for the future. The most fruitful forms of co-operation have been found in connection with such vital community problems as better schools, good roads, more healthful living, and more satisfactory business relations. In all these community efforts the good of both races is inseparably involved. "No fact is more clearly established by history than that Hatred and Force only complicate race relations. The alternative to this is counsel and co-operation among men of character and good-will, and, above all, of intelligent and comprehensive knowledge of the racial problem. The number of those who possess specific knowledge upon which to base intelligent thinking, and, ultimately, wise action is still too small. There is great need, therefore, that facts now available concerning the advancement of the Negro race in education, in professional accomplishment, in economic independence and in character, be studied by thoughtful students in our colleges. Such facts as are definitely established could well be made, as has already been done in some institutions, the basis of instruction in race conditions and relations as a part of a regular course in social science. This body of information would undoubtedly allay race antagonism and would serve as a foundation for tolerant attitude and intelligent action in every direction of inter-racial co-operation." CHILDREN'S NUMBER October Crisis, published Septem-bcr 20, will be our annual Children's number. Photographs are desired and must reach us not later than August 25. No photographs can be returned. Let us have pictures of natural healthy children, not posing and dressed up, but happy and lovable. THE FAITH OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO Mordecat Wyatt Johnson ONCE their emancipation from slavery the masses of American Negroes have lived by the strength of a simple but deeply moving faith. They have believed in the love and providence of a just and holy God ; they have believed in the principles of democracy and in the righteous purpose of the Federal Government; and they have believed in the disposition of the American people as a whole and in the long run to be fair in all their dealings. In spite of disfranchisement and peonage, mob violence and public contempt, they have kept this faith and have allowed themselves to hope with the optimism of Booker T. Washington that in proportion as they grew in intelligence, wealth, and self-respect they would win the confidence and esteem of their fellow white Americans, and would gradually acquire the responsibilities and privileges of full American citizenship. In recent years, and especially since the Great War, this simple faith has suffered a widespread disintegration. When the United States government set forth its war aim's, called upon Negro soldiers to stand by the colors and Negro civilians, men, women and children, to devote their labor and their earnings to the cause, and when the war shortage of labor permitted a quarter million Negroes to leave the former slave states for the better conditions of the North, the entire Negro people experienced a profound sense of spiritual release. For the first time since emancipation they found themselves comparatively free to sell their labor on the open market for a living wage, found themselves launched on a great world enterprise with a chance to vote in a real and decisive way, and, best of all, in the heat of the struggle, they found themselves bound with other Americans in the spiritual fellowship of a common cause. When they stood on the height of this exalted experience and looked down on their pre-war poverty, impotence and spiritual isolation, they realized as never before the depth of the harm they had suffered, and there arose in them a mighty hope that in some way the war would work a change in their situation. For a time indeed it seemed that their hope would be realized. For when the former slave states saw their labor leaving for the North, they began to reflect upon the treatment they had been' acustomed to give the Negro and they decided that it was radically wrong. Newspapers and public orators everywhere expressed this change of sentiment, set forth the wrongs in detail, and urged immediate improvement. And immediate improvement came. Better educational facilities were provided here and there, words of appreciation for the worth and spirit of the Negro as a citizen began to be uttered, and public committees arose to inquire into his grievances and to lay out programs for setting these grievances right. Colored people in these states had never experienced such collective good will, and many of them were so grateful and happy that they actually prayed for the prolongation of the war. At the close of the war, however, the Negro's hopes were suddenly dashed to the ground. Southern newspapers began at once to tell the Negro soldiers that the war was over, and the 'sooner they forgot it the better. "Pull off your uniform," they said, "find the place you had before the war and stay in it." "Act like a Negro should act," said one newspaper, "work like a Negro should work. Talk like a Negro should talk. Study like a Negro should study. Dismiss all ideas of independence or of being lifted up to the plane of the white man. Understand the necessity of keeping a Negro's place." In connection with such admonitions there came the great collective attacks on Negro life and property in Washington, Chicago, Omaha, Elaine, and Tulsa. There came the increasing boldness of lynchers who advertised their purposes in advance and had their photographs taken as they stood around the burning bodies of their victims. There came vain appeals by the colored people to the President of the United States and to the Houses of Congress. And finally there came the reorganization and rapid growth of the Ku Klux Klan. The swift succession and frank brutality of all this was more than the Negro people could bear. Their simple faith and hope broke down. Multitudes took weapons in their hands and fought back violence with bloody resistance. "If we must die," they said, "it is well that we die fighting." And the Negro American world looking on their deed with no light of hope to see by, said, "It is self-defense; it is the law of nature, of man and of God, and it is well." From those terrible days until this day the Negro's faith in the righteous purpose of the Federal Government has sagged. Some have laid the blame on the parties in power, and some have laid it elsewhere, but all the colored people in every section of the United States believe that there is something wrong, and not accidentally wrong, at the very heart of the government. Some of our young men are giving up the Christian religion, thinking that their fathers were fools to have believed it so long. One group among us repudiates entirely the simple faith of former days. It would put no trust in God, no trust in democracy, and would entertain no hope of betterment under the present form of government. It believes that the United States government is through and through controlled by selfish capitalists who have no fundamental good will for Negroes or for any sort of laborers whatever. In their publications and on the platform the members of this group urge the colored man to seek his salvation by alliance with the revolutionary labor movement of America and the world. Another and larger group among us believes in religion and believes in the principles of democracy, but not in the white man's religion and not in the white man's democracy. It believes that the creed of the former slave states is the tacit creed of the whole nation, and that the Negro may never expect to acquire economic, political and spiritual liberty in America. This group has held congresses with representatives from the entire Negro world, to lay out the foundations of a black empire, a black religion and a black culture; it has organized the provisional Republic of Africa, set going a multitude of economic enterprises, instituted branches of its organization wherever Negroes are to be found, and binds them together with a newspaper edited in two languages. Whatever one may think about these radical movements and their destiny, one thing is certain. They are home grown fruits, with roots deep sprung in a world of black American suffering. Their power lies in the appeal which they make to the Negro to find a way out of his troubles by new and self-reliant paths. The larger masses of the colored people do not belong to these more radical movements. They retain their belief in the Christian God, they love their country, and hope to work out their salvation within its bounds; but they are completely disillusioned. They see themselves surrounded on every hand by a sentiment of antagonism which does not intend to be fair. They see themselves partly reduced to peonage, shut out from labor unions, forced to an inferior status before the courts, made subjects of public contempt, lynched and mobbed with impunity, and deprived of the ballot their only means of social defense. They see this antagonistic sentiment consolidated in the places of power in the former slave states, and growing by leaps and bounds in the North and West. They know that it is gradually reducing them to an economic, political and social caste. And they are now no longer able to believe with Dr. Booker T. Washington or with any other man that their own efforts after intelligence, wealth and self-respect can in any wise avail to deliver them from these conditions, unless they have the protection of a just and beneficent public policy in keeping with American ideals. With one voice, therefore, from pulpit and from press, and from the humblest walks of life, they are sending up a cry of pain and petition such as is heard to-day from the citizens of no other civilized nation in the world. They are asking for protection of life, for the security of property, for the liberation of their peons, for the freedom to sell their labor on the open market, for a human being's chance in the courts, for a better system of education, and for the boon of the ballot. They ask," in short, for public equality under the protection of the Federal Government. And that request is sustained by every sentiment of humanity and by every holy ideal for which this nation stands. The time has come when the elemental justice called for in this petition should be embodied in a public policy initiated by the Federal Gov. ernment and continuously supervised by a commission of that government representing the faith and will of the entire American people. The Negro people of America have been with us here for three hundred years. They have cut our forests, tilled our fields, built our railroads, fought our battles, and in all their trials until now they have manifested a simple faith, a grateful heart, a cheerful spirit and an undivided loyalty to our nation that has been a thing of beauty to behold. Now they have come to the place where their faith can no longer feed on the bread of repression and violence. They ask for the bread of liberty, of public equality, and public responsibility. It must not be denied them. We are sufficiently far removed from the Civil War and its animosities to see that such elements of justice may be given to the Negro with entire good will and helpfulness toward the former slave states. We have already had one long attempt to erect a wealth and culture on the backs of slaves. We found that it was a costly experiment, paid for at last in the blood of our best sons. There are some among our citizens who would turn their backs on history and repeat that experiment, and to their terrible heresy they would convert our entire great community. By every sacred bond of love for them, we must not yield. And we must no longer leave them alone with their experiment. The faith of our whole nation must be brought to their support until such time as it is clear to them that their former slaves can be made both fully free and yet their faithful friends. Across the iseas the darker peoples of the earth are rising from their long sleep, and are searching this western world for light. Our Christian missionaries are among them. They are. asking these missionaries: "Can the Christian religion bind this multi-colored world in bonds of brotherhood?" We of all nations are best prepared to answer that question and to be their moral inspiration and their friend. For we have the world's problem of race relationships here in crucible, and by strength of our American faith we have made some encouraging progress in its solution. If the fires of this faith are kept burning around that crucible, what comes out of it is able to place these United States in the spiritual leadership of all humanity. When the Negro cries with pain from his deep hurt and lays his petition for elemental justice before the nation, he is calling upon the American people to kindle anew about that crucible of race relationships the fires of American faith. "CHARCOAL, LEDDY, CHARCOAL" (An Idyl of the South) Effie Lee Newsome THERE is a primitive wholesomeness in the smell of burning charcoal; a painting of remoteness in the sleepy ashy scarlet of its embers that I cannot describe; a weird voice of yesterday in the tiny groan of the furnace "door" as the bit of tin is pushed upward to let the fire draw. Something about it all is in touch with the past, and hail-fellow with yesterdays and yesterdays, and plantations far removed by time and distance, and voices of long ago Stand and gaze into the little red furnace, and you will feel this with me. Do you remember what the charcoal stove looks like? It is a small bucket with a thin gray sheeting of metal on the outside and a wall of champagne-colored clay within, perforated. The fire is built in the clay bed with bits of wood and paper beneath the gritty charcoal. After the smoke passes off, the coals start their crafty winking. Then irons are placed on the scarlet bed, and there subtly rises incense, that strangely pure and somniferous incense, as rife with messages from nature as is the odor of wet soil in spring. I have entered cabins and caught the perfume of kindled charcoal that was rud-dily peering from beneath a line of stiff linens. I have seen the worker in her calico turn up the smooth face of the iron and tap it with a wet finger and make the metal sing. And I have thought that this belonged to that vaguely lost time of which Mayetta's notes hint in her "reel"—for with her, that which is not a hymn is a "reel"— "Hey, Roxie-e-e-e ! Get ready, Roxie! Saturday night, Roxie-e-e-e! Let's go home, Roxie-e-e-e!" She holds the notes till they waste away vaguely, but not before they have drawn you on by a wavering little thread to plan-tationland with Roxie of the dancing eyes ! Even so do the charcoal smells bear one away. Mayetta insists upon the use of charcoal in her ironing or "mashing down the clo'es," as she terms the process. She is a wise young person, though not an excellent ironer. In fact, she is in my service chiefly for the purpose of dispensing information. Most children of twelve are but meagerly versed in matters pertaining to the elements and occultism. Not so Mayetta. She tells me of the sun, the moon. She tells of the stars, and has a knowledge of simples and information concerning ghosts. As to appearance, she is possessed of a long black face with cheeks inclined toward plumpness, and little beady black eyes put in on the slant, and teeth that fairly flash, and a lower lip that is 'woebegone until you are acquainted with Mayetta, and have seen her slender legs and rusty feet in mischievous antics, shuffling in the dance that she has conveyed to town from the plantation. Her favorite tune, as I may have mentioned, seems to be "Roxie". Into this she flings a mischievous vim and sprightli-ness as she sings out "Roxie" in the course of jigging and the display of white teeth. Mayetta There is another of those dances enjoyed by old and young on the plantations. Sometimes she puts aside her ironing to show me this dance. It has such a jaunty tune! And the players, are supposed to stand in facing rows, clapping their hands together and singing while one of their number skips forward to "steal", as described in the game: "Ain't goin' tell nobody, good-bye! King George has stole my heart an' gone. Good-bye, good-bye, Liza Jane!" How sprightly is Mayetta in her skipping and hand-smacking ! The initial "ain't" is squealed up very high. The remote dreaminess and happy improvidence often characteristic of plantation life; the sun, the air of the country fields! All that mocking isolation and actual remoteness from concerns of today, all the numbing languor of Dixie's intense summers are here. You have conveyed to you the picture of bandanna-capped folk who peer inquiringly into the indigo skies to learn of the moon concerning the time to boil lye soap. You can see them putting- "deerilee"—as Mayetta calls the Madeira vine—leaf and a pinch of salt on their foreheads to cure headache. Again, you see them applying "headache leaves" in a similar way to cure the malady whose name they bear, or using the same leaf on a baby's stomach to drive off fever. You can see them tramping among the okra rows and thrashing the stalks with switches to make the plant bear. You can see them rubbing a scrap of the mirror that has committed the crime of breaking, up and down their backs seven times to forestall evil results. You can see them, when a hawk catches a baby-chick, fling a stone into the fire that the hawk's claws may be drawn in and the chicken freed to fall to earth. You can see them hanging horseshoes on a peach-bough in spring that the iron may catch the cold which would otherwise blight the fruit. But, ah! the lore of the plantations is scarcely to be mocked!— these fantasies of toilers from time immemorial, who, in woods and fields, molded their codes, bowed in the bronzed cotton-patch perhaps or plucking the earth-enmeshed "goobers"; or bent over improvised kilns for the burning of charcoal, the purifier. The country men bring charcoal to town in their carts and lustily yell: "Charcoal, leddy! Charcoal!" accenting the second syllable of "charcoal". While the mad red of wild plums fires the forests, come the charcoal men. When figs flare green as the gypsy love-birds, come the charcoal men. When figs have mellowed to an iris-purple, come the charcoal men. When figs glow amber, a prey to June-bugs, come the charcoal men. When fruits are gone, and the China tree's gold is spilled and scattered, come the charcoal men, while magnolia leaves rustle stiffly and the cabin doors are closed. Eternally, eternally, in rattling carts, come the charcoal men, bringing fuel for the washerwomen who have moved to town, hundreds of them, and are bent over the crimson light of charcoal. "Oh, charcoal, leddy, charcoal!" Why don't you come out and get one of my grimy sacks? I know the sun is gold, the fig trees in radiant foliage; the winds sweet with chinaberry blooms; the front yards aflame with roses; the hedges flaunting the red of pomegranate bloom; but for you the black brusque charcoal; for you the boiling kettle! 0 black woman of "the land of cotton", for all the glory of your Sabbath, iron today! For the sheenful gorgeous satin of your Sabbath, iron today! Buy the fight of your children's tomorrow with this black grime called charcoal. "Oh charcoal, leddy, charcoal!" WANTED—A REAL BUSINESS LEAGUE R. McCants Andrews WHEN Dr. Booker T. Washington or-ganized the National Negro Business League, 22 years ago, the Negro was a weakling in the world of commerce and finance. The creation of such an instrument "To Promote the Commercial and Financial Development of the Negro", is indeed a glowing tribute to the statesmanship of that great leader. On account of the bitter partisanship then existing between the followers of Washington and other groups within the race, the League became instantly a bourgeois institution and fell under "the Tuskegee influence", where it stubbornly remains to this day. Meanwhile, the race has grown in knowledge and power and counts its wealth in millions. It has more than one institution with an annual income above the million-dollar-mark. Its eighty banks, its fraternal orders, its many strong insurance companies, chain and grocery enterprises, real estate companies and other concerns all point to the enlightened vision of the "Wizard of Tuskegee" in his endeavor to plan for the commercial expansion of the race. Very little of this achievement, however, can be (placed to the credit of the Business League; and it is candid to say that no organization among Negroes assuming national proportions can boast of so little real accomplishment. In a scathing denunciation of the policy and progress of the League, delivered during its last session in Atlanta, Mr. Ben Davis, the Atlanta editor, described that body as a migratory organization in which anyone might hold membership who would pay a dollar for a badge; an annual gathering of: self-advertised geniuses who come to League meetings to tell how they had made millions without brains or capital; a National League whose delegates are not properly accredited because they represented no local organizations. The allegations of Mr. Davis contain more truth than fiction. The leading business men of the race have for years regretted that the growth of the League in membership, in constructive program and in administrative efficiency has not been commensurate with the commercial and financial progress of the race; that it has followed rather than led in this progress. This feeling was near to taking voice in Philadelphia two years ago when the young business bloc wanted "A Business Man For President", and could scarcely be restrained by Dr. R. R. Moton's supporters from nominating a prominent Negro banker as their candidate. Announcements that the fight would be renewed at Atlanta were current but the leaders of the bloc were mostly absent; whether on account of despair or on account of the distance is not altogether certain. The objections aimed at the League are practical rather than personal, and grow out of the nature of the case. Negro business men naturally feel that the Business League would be better directed under the guiding hand of a trained business executive ; they believe it to be as illogical to have a school-man as its president as it would be for the National Negro Bar Association to have a physician as leader, or as it would be for the National Medical Association to have a minister as its head. They also object because "the Tuskegee influence" tends to keep the League in the social rather than in the business field; because Dr. Moton "inherited" the League as Dr. Washington's spiritual successor; be cause the League is used as platform for race propaganda and as a counter-irritant for other race organizations considered in some circles as "radical". They believe that the Annual Farmers' Conference at Tuskegee should centralize the activities of Negro farmers who can learn considerably more at the Tuskegee farms than they can in cities like Chicago, Philadelphia, Atlanta and Norfolk. They have wearied of brilliant recitals of fame and wealth from delegates who come perennially to conduct personal advertising campaigns. They want the League to be self-supporting and not financed through charity. They want a Business League with a commercial program that will knit together the business interests of the race; an institution that will explore fields of endeavor; guide an J sustain Negro trade and become a barometer for the Negro business world. The virtue in these criticisms may be tested by a study of the Atlanta Session, in 1921. A registration list prepared from the cards furnished by the League gives the number of registered delegates as 174; 26 of this number came from Tuskegee. The delegates giving their occupations are as follows: Bankers, 12; Insurance Men, 16: Attorneys, 3; Editors and Journalists, 8; Barbers, 1; Letter Carriers, 1; Social Workers, 4; Artists, 1; Contractors, 2; Theatre Owners, 1; Manufacturers and Agents, 8; Teachers, 29; Physicians, 10; Taxi Dealers, 1; Tailors, 1; Musicians, 1; Real Estate Dealers, 9; Undertakers, 8; Ministers, 3; Farmers, 3; Merchants, 9; Physical Directors, 1 ; Shoemakers, 1 ; Printers, 1 ; Occupation Not Given, 43. This list only represents those who are supposed to have paid the fee of one dollar which entitled them to a badge ; but several names of League officers and participants on the program who were present are missing from the list. And it is certain, many other "delegates" attended the session without this ceremony. The program of the Twenty-Second Annual Meeting indicates the easy and unrelated treatment of subjects and topics in which the League indulged. Here are a few samples: "Buying and Selling Real Estate", "Second-Hand Furniture Business", "Business Methods in Education", "Opportunities Offered Young Colored Men to Enter Upon Business Careers", "Commerce and Finance", "Banking", "Managing Chain Drug Stores", "The Haberdashery Business", "The Value of Fraternal Organizations", "Hair Culture", "Let Down Your Buckets Where You Are", "The Negro Contractor", "General Merchandising", "The Restaurant Business". Here is a thorough lack of co-ordination, discrimination or scientific approach. The middle day of the three-day session was called "Affiliated Organization Day". The program carries a "note" which says,  "Much of the prestige and influence of the National Negro Business League is due to its affiliated organizations". The affiliated organizations include, (a) National Negro Undertakers' Association, (b) National Negro Bankers' Association, (c) National Negro Bar Association, (d) National Negro Press Association, (e) National Negro Insurance Men's Association, (f) National Negro Farmers' Association. The program provides that "the Thursday morning session" be devoted "to hearing reports" from these national bodies. In other words, the eighty banks, thirty-odd dnsurance companies and others included have three or four hours to present "reports". They have not time for group conference, no time for discussion, no time for fundamental considerations of method and practice. The bankers and insurance men, knowing this, withdrew from the main session and went into conferences which were of great profit. They later sent a spokesman to inform the League that if at future sessions, they could not have an entire day for their work, they would not be justified in attending. It was soon discovered that the announce:', speakers on the program were, with few exceptions, the least interesting, and that the affair was rather a "free-for-all" event of decidedly catholic impulse. Out of some forty speeches on assigned subjects (which should have been vital to the purpose and progress of the League), only four were really significant. The speakers were Mr. B. M. Roddy, of Memphis, president of the National Negro Bankers; Mr. James L. Wheeler, of Atlanta, district manager for the North Carolina Mutual, who outlined "Business Achievements of the Negroes of Atlanta"; Mr. Harry H. Pace, of New York, who related his experiences in "Manufacturing Phonograph Records of Negro Voices"; and Mr. C. C. Spaulding, of Durham, secretary-treasurer of the North Carolina Mutual, who was called upon by the president to supply for another on the subject, "Insurance and Banking". These were by no means the only interesting and instructive addresses made ; but they were the most illuminating business expositions. Business aside, the session was a most delightful one in point of its cosmopolitanism. The annual report of the secretary, Dr. Emmett J. Scott, was highly interesting. Dr. Moton's annual address was the frankest and most satisfying pronouncement that he has ever made. The address of His Honor, James L. Key, Mayor of Atlanta, bore with it a conviction that there is a New South and that a part of it is in Atlanta. Other interesting persons took part who heightened the tone of the meeting but who did not (and perhaps were not expected to) contribute to the usefulness of the League as a business institution. There were also other noticeable failures in the plan and program of the League. County fairs, local bazaars, expositions and similar organizations have made a practice of assembling goods, products, displays and exhibits with the obvious purpose of enlightening the public and advertising the producers. The advertisement value alone is often sufficient, in such ensembles, to pay for the undertakings through the rent or. sale of booth-space. The National Negro Business League does not evidence sufficient belief in the value of advertising to induce Negro business concerns to assemble creditable displays of their wares. Any county fair in 1921 outpointed the League in this particular. The most astonishing thing to realize is that the League is actually not in touch with the world of business. Visitors who have attended meetings of the National Medical Association will recall the train of camp-followers who come with instruments, appliances, machinery, books, preparations and pay good prices for selling space to court the doctors and push their trade. Not one sought the League. The makers of office supplies, of fixtures, of business systems, of all the countless things that business firms use, handle or sell, doubtless are unaware that there is in existence an organization of Negroes dedicated to the promotion of the commercial and financial development of the race. In all the discussions of the sessions there was never a mention of a single trade or business journal; and it is doubtful if the League knows whether Mr. Roger Babson is Minister to Siam or Mayor of Lilliput. The United States Government supports i Chamber of Commerce and a Department of Commerce ; there are Boards of Trade and local. chambers dotting the entire commercial field, many of them powerful enougîi to dominate entire industries. As far as any exhibitions of the League went these bodies are foreign to its endeavor. There was, however, one brilliant illustration on the function of a Business League; and this was demonstrated in the sustained service, the graceful management and the unbounded enthusiasm for the success of the Atlanta session on the part of that group of young, progressive business men who- are the officers of the Atlanta local: L. C. Ross, Charles A. Shaw, S. S. Abrams and J. W. Watson. Mr. Abrams is the salaried, full-time executive secretary. The local League was responsible for the showing of a motion picture on advertising and sales methods which was highly appreciated by the audiences at its two showings in one of the local theatres. Here, indeed, is another field entirely untouched that (would produce enough revenue to finance the League itself—the production of pictures with Negro subjects and business enterprises. It is not sufficient to point out failures of the National Negro Business League, f«i* which no one is especially to blame. The League is in process of development and must rechart its course. The sensible thing to do is to commit the organization to a policy of definite constructive value for substantial business achievement. There is appended hereto an outline of suggestions which should command the attention of the next gathering to be in annual session at Norfolk. The outline is called the Durham Plan because the Durham delegates and members of the League, together with Berry O'Kelly, member of the Executive Committee, have been thinking in concert and have agreed that it would be business sense to adopt such a program. THE DURHAM PLAN First—The Business League Should Be a BUSINESS League. Modern business has become extremely technical and today is regarded as a science. The old hit-and-miss methods cannot produce within the race a shrewd intelligent commercial class who are to build the financial structure for its future. The League should eliminate all extraneous activities and center its energies upon the development of business. We have in this generation the beginnings of a tremendous force for the economic emancipation of the race; this force needs to be raised from its present individualistic state and expanded into an irresistible all-encompassing, dominating influence. Second—The Business League Should Be a Business LEAGUE. Group rather than individual accomplishment should be the aim of the motive power behind the League program. Emphasis is to be placed upon, preparation for (as well as success in) business. The business centers among Negroes should be apportioned into districts and the League built up around them as nuclei. These districts would include cities like Boston, New York, Newark, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Columbus and Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Chicago, Richmond and the Tidewater, Charleston (West Va.), Louisville, Durham, Nashville, Chattanooga and Memphis, Charleston (S. C.) and Columbia, Savannah and Atlanta, Jackson, Jacksonville, St. Louis, Little Rock and Hot Springs, New Orleans, Oklahoma City, Dallas and Houston, Denver, Los Angeles. Third—The Business League Should Be a Business IN ITSELF. An essential requirement of a national business organization is a national headquarters. This office should maintain various departments headed by experienced business men who have gained success in their several lines. A trained staff of paid workers and organizers would be an imperative need. The organization should have its own publications, news, services and information, statistical and rating bureaus and promotion systems. The executive committee should include the directors of the several departments. Fourth—The Business League Should Be a Business SCHOOL. The Annual Session of the League should be an instructive demonstration and not merely a program. It should be a series of group and departmental conferences which would consume all the time not devoted to recreation and public affairs. National Association for the Advancement Colored-People THE ANTI-LYNCHING PARADE, WASHINGTON, D. C. THE THIRTEENTH ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE N. A. A. C. P. NOTHING excels the realization of the dream. How that small handful of people who first envisaged a dozen years ago a National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, would have rejoicad if they could have seen Newark during the week of June 18! The convention brought together people of every degree and type, with a plentiful sprinkling of younger men and women intent on learning how, some day, "to carry on". That first day began with a repetition of the parade which was so conspicuous a feature of last year's meeting at Detroit. Only as this year, young as it is, had already obtained a horrid notoriety from the unprecedented number and boldness of recent lynchings, the slogans carried obtained a new significance. A banner borne by a group of boys told this story: "We are Fifteen Years Old. A Boy of Our Age Was Roasted Alive Recently." Past the City Hall filed the marchers; downtown Newark had never seen such placards as these: TWO KINDS OF CANNIBALISM SAVAGES EAT HUMAN BEINGS WITHOUT COOKING — AMERICANS COOK HUMAN BEINGS WITHOUT EATING LIBERTY HOLDS HER TORCH ALOFT TO LIGHT MEN'S FUNERAL PYRES 12 LYNCHINGS IN MAY 12  THE FAILURE OF THE ANTI-LYNCH-ING BILL WOULD OFFICIALLY CONDONE MOB MURDER LYNCH LAW MUST GO PASS THE DYER ANTI-LYNCHING BILL The fight for the Dyer Bill was on! After the parade a mass meeting was held in the Newark Armory and three thousand people were welcomed for Governor Edwards of New Jersey by James Baker, Chairman of the State Tax Commission. Moorfield Storey said at this isession: "We refuse to have intercourse with Russia because her government murders its citizens, destroys their property and commits cruelties of every kind. Why not apply the same rule at home? There are such things as boycotts. Everywhere men are striking for hig'her pay or less work. Would a strike for life and liberty by Negroes in the South be wholly unjustifiable?" His final words held a prophecy: "Our appeal is to the conscience of the American people. If they will not stand by their colored fellow citizens in this crisis, if they will not resolve that in this day of civilization the torture and murder of human beings by lawless mobs must cease, the future of the country is darkened and calamity is sure to follow." Discussion on Monday centered around the Anti-Lynching Bill. Mr. T. G. Nutter, who is a member of the West Virginia legislature, outlined the battle which had been fought in his state to secure enactment of such a measure. It was decided to notify the Republican Party that Negro voters were watching the stand taken by Republican senators with regard to the Dyer Bill and that they were prepared to act accordingly. Mr. James Weldon Johnson urged Negro voters to disregard party lines in the fall and to vote for men and measures. Senator Frelinghuysen of New Jersey sent a telegram definitely pledging his support, and Robert T. Kerlin, the main speaker of the evening session, delivered an able address. Tuesday introduced a new feature in the shape of "Women's Day". The question of full suffrage rights for colored women was capably handled by Mrs. A. W. Hunton presiding; Miss Hallie Q. Brown of Ohio, president of the National Association of Colored Women's Club; Ella Rush Murray of New York; Clara L. Laddey of New Jersey, representing the Woman's Peace Party; Mrs. Nathan Kussy, representing the National Council of Jewish Women ; Mrs. Florence Halsey, representing the New Jersey League of Women Voters, and Mrs. H. N. Simmons, representing the New Jersey Federation of Women's Clubs. The great event of the occasion, however, was the presentation of the Spingarn medal to Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, ex-president of the National Association of Colored Women, in recognition of her services toward the preservation of the Frederick Douglass Home. Part of the Wednesday sessions was devoted to the power of the press and the value of publicity. Speeches were made by Royal J. Davis of the New York Evening Post's editorial staff, and by Nahum D. Brascher of Chicago, president of the Associated Negro Press. In the evening, Representative Leonidas C. Dyer spoke to a large group on the Anti-Lynching Bill. He urged closer organization, the adoption of drastic measures toward an unwilling or apathetic clergy and an instant increase in the membership of the N. A. A. C. P., the organization which was, he said, "entitled to credit for the passage of the Anti-Lynching Bill in the House of Representatives." His speech was followed by a remarkably lucid address by Arthur B. Spingarn, chairman of the Association's Legal Committee, in which he spoke of the Negro's unequal chance in court. The remedy, Mr. Spingarn felt, lay in fashioning out of the N. A. A. C. P. an instrument so strong as to function for every Negro in the country. Several hundreds of the delegates spent Thursday, June 22, in seeing New York Harbor and then sailing up the Hudson, They returned to Newark for an evening devoted to "The Negro and the Making of Public Opinion". The speakers were: Walter F. White, assistant secretary N. A. A. C. P., presiding; Dr. Ernest H. Gruening, managing editor of The Nation; Bishop I. B. Scott of Nashville, Term.; Kelly Miller, dean of the Junior College of Howard University, Washington, D. C, and J. E. Spingarn, critic and author. That same evening, Daniel Kelly, white, from Waco, Texas, told the gruesome story which he had personally investigated of the burning of three innocent Negroes at Kir-vin, Texas. Final impressions like first being lasting, the closing day of the Newark conference was of great importance. This was evidenced by the large attendance, the extended sesisions and the close attention given by auditors. The day was devoted to the passing of resolutions dealing with the Dyer Bill and with expressions of gratitude toward the people of Newark who had helped make the convention a success. The Committee on Resolutions, of which Mr. T. G. Nutter was chairman, and Dr. DuBois, secretary, submitted and had accepted the following declaration: The first and great question before American Negroes and before America is lynching. We are still the one land in the world which shows itself powerless to prevent the burning of human beings. Eight such human bonfires blazed before crowds of American men, women and children in 1921, and 64 persons were lynched. On this ground of horrible fact we base our demand for federal legislation against lynching. The constitution of the United States guarantees an accused American citizen a trial by due process of law. Is this provision of our fundamental law impossible of enforcement? Is the constitution itself unconstitutional when it guarantees republican government? We do not believe it. Every decent American professes to abhor lynching. Every political party has. condemned it. The time has come for action. The Republican Party has always received the bulk of the Negro votes. The Republican Party is in power. The Republican Party has promised by its platform and its President to pass the Dyer Bill. Unless the pledge is kept and this legislation put on the statute book we solemnly pledge ourselves to use every avenue of influence to punish the persons who defeat it. We will regard no man as our friend who opposes this bill. Slavery still exists in the United States. The Thirteenth Amendment has never been fully enforced. Peonage caused the Arkansas riots. It causes poverty, crime and lynching. We demand the abolition of slavery. It is this spirit of slavery that has subjugated Haiti. Free Haiti was the first fruit of the French Revolution. Haiti helped South America and the United States in their struggle for freedom. Haiti gave the Mississippi Valley to this nation. Haiti maintained its own independence for one hundred and fourteen years until the slave holding oligarchy of the South came into power. Before election, President Harding rightly condemned that seizure. James Wel-don Johnson showed its sordid reasons. Is it possible that America is going to perpetuate this theft? Free Haiti and by that act, restore liberty to black men and self-respect to white. Discrimination against Negro citizens continues. But lately it disguises its real object less and less. The old pretext" for prejudice was dislike of dirt, shrinking from noise, impatience with ignorance; but there is not even this pretext for caste among children, color lines among students, the use of public funds for private prejudices, and the determination of a few to monopolize the use of public institutions which belong to all. The Jim Crow car is the most humiliating and insulting of these acts. The Ku Klux Klan is but the open manifestation of this hidden spirit of caste which seeks to rule our democracy. This spirit can be met only by organization. We must organize our political power and learn to use it swiftly, intelligently and unselfishly. We must vote not merely to put friends in office, but to put enemies out of power. We must demand laws and policies before appointments. We must use and organize our economic power as consumers to compel economic justice. The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People in its Thirteenth Annual Conference, urges all citizens, black and white, and particularly appeals to all organizations of colored people, to co-operate with it in concentrating the political.and economic power of the.race so as to pass the Dyer Bill, destroy peonage, restore Haiti and break down caste. Bethany Baptist Church was crowded to its doors Friday night. People thronged galleries, aisles and vestibule to hear the addresses of Dr. A. A. Goldenweiser, lecturer on Anthropology at the New School for Social Research in New York; Dr. W. E. DuBois, editor of The Crisis, and William Pickens, Field Secretary of the N. A. A. C. P. Dr. Goldenweiser declared that the white race was not superior to others. He said: "The evidence of anatomy and neurology so far available does not indicate any superiority of the white race over the other races. The psychological tests during the war to the contrary notwithstanding, the psychologist also fails to provide any definite data to support the contention of psychological inferiority of so-called primitive races, including the Negro, to the white." Dr. DuBois, in a singularly spirited and scholarly. speech, translated the story of Haiti into a new and beautiful significance. He showed that the Haitians had been the forerunners of self-determinism on the part of small nations in the Americas and that though they had fallen on evil days they had left us a legacy of courage, persistence and culture which we would do well to imitate. Mr. Pickens, in a stimulating discourse dwelt on the need of American Negroes to safeguard their smallest rights, no matter how trivial. This last evening was further embellished by the presentation on the part of the Ovington Circle of Cleveland, Ohio, of a bouquet of roses to Miss Ovington, and by the rendition of songs by the Choral Club of Newark and by a quintette of young-girls from the National Training School, Lincoln Heights, D. C. Mr. Bagnall, Director of Branches, presided at this meeting. DANSE AFRICAINE By Langston Hughes The low beating of the tom-toms, The low beating of the tom-toms, Slow. .. .slow Low.... slow— Stirs your blood. Dance! A night-veiled girl whirls softly Into a circle of light, Whirls softly... .slowly, Like a wisp of smoke around the fire— And the tom-toms beat, And the tom-toms beat, And the low beating of the tom-toms Stirs your blood. SINGER DEPARTED James Waldo Fawcett One sang a while, then proudly went his way; And I sat lonely, weeping- all the day; Where others blandly marvelled at his art, I bore his song an arrow in my heart. For though the careless world was there to see I know he sang his song for none but me, And ,1 shall wait his coming nor rejoice For any beauty ever save his voice! DILWORTH ROAD REVISITED Jessie Fauset The little road to Dilworth Town 'Still laughs and loiters by the brook, And lovers love it in the Spring And haunt each blossomy nook. Sad years ago my love and I Strolled all its sunny length one day, To Dilworth's ivied church,—and then Sighing, we turned away. Ah, Dilworth Road, can you still laugh When on another road's expanse,— "The Ladies' Road", .they call it,—lies My lover,—dead for France! AFTER MANY SPRINGS Langston Hughes Now, In June, When the night is a vast softness Filled with blue stars, And broken shafts of moon-glimmer Fall upon the earth, Am I too old to see the fairies dance? I cannot find them anymore. A PILGRIMAGE TO JOHN BROWN'S GRAVE J. Max Barber JOHN BROWN was born May 9, 1800, and was hanged December 2, 1859. This year marks the 122d anniversary of his birth, and the 63d year since his death. In discussing the life of John Brown with my good friend, Dr. J. Theodore Irish, last winter, he remarked that it seemed singularly ungrateful that the Negro had never shown any special honor to this great friend of the race. The thought struck me as being a serious indictment against our people. Here was a man who devoted his fortune and the fortunes of his family to the cause of freedom, and who finally gave his life for that cause. Here was a man. who had more to do with the emancipation of the Negro than did even Lincoln—for in the final analysis, public opinion ended slavery. Abraham Lincoln was not a leader of public opinion on the slave question. His heart was wrapped up in the Union, and he wanted it saved with or without slavery, although he had seen that a nation half slave and half free could not long endure. That was before he was elected as President and before the web of politics had hedged his free opinion. John Brown saw at the beginnng and saw at the end that slavery was wrong, an unclean thing in the world. It should be eradicated at all costs. It was eating away the heart of American ideals and arresting the progress of civilization, it brutalized the slave and the master. It handicapped America in her bid for the moral leadership of the world. A vampire people had accomplished the ravishment of a race. To this old Puritan the time for cajoling and temporizing with the unclean thing had passed. The fester had to be lanced. He gave his life for this idea. Time has proved that this old prophet of stark and sheer vision was right. Within less than two years after his death, at Charles-town, the blue-clad armies of the North were marching to the tune of "John Brown's body lies mouldering in the grave, But his soul goes marching on." If John Brown had not died, the soul of the North would have slept on in a dead dream, and slavery would have tightened its grip on the nation's throat. Why should Negroes forget this knight who heard their cry of distress and was lured to the gallows for their liberty? We would that this should not be. I brought the matter to the attention of the Philadelphia branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. They voted unanimously to send a pilgrimage to lay a wreath on John Brown's grave on the occasion of his next birthday. Dr. T. Spotuas Burwell, the vice-president of the local organization, and the writer, were selected to make the pilgrimage. Both of us are busy men, but we felt that the sacrifice should be made and so we went. AT THE GREAT ROCK, BESIDE THE GRAVE Our information about Lake Placid, where John Brown is buried, was limited. We had had letters from the town clerk, from Miss Alice L. Walker, a colored woman who runs a sanitorium for tubercular people at Saranac Lake, and from Rev. Robert L. Clark, pastor of the Methodist Episcopal Church where the night meeting was held. We had also secured a letter from the New York State Conservation Commission giving us permission to hold services at the grave. John Brown's farm is now owned by the State of New York, and is kept up as a memorial to the old abolition hero. Dr. Burwell and I anticipated no crowd at the grave. We had said that we would count on Miss Walker, perhaps Dr. Clark, and possibly a half dozen colored people. There are hardly a dozen colored people in the two towns of Saranac and Placid. Fancy our surprise to find when we reached Placid, that the public schools had taken a holiday for the occasion, the Chamber of Commerce sent a delega. tion to welcome us, and the distingushed people of the town came out to be at the memorial services. There were perhaps one hundred and fifty automobiles parked around the grave and a thousand people there to do honor to our hero. The school children walked the three and one-half miles to be with us. John Brown is buried beneath the shadow of a great rock. The writer spoke to the people from the top of this rock. The burden of his address was a call for another John Brown to attack lynching, Ku Klux-ism, disfranchisement, and Jim Crowism. A magnificent wreath was laid on the grave. One of the surprising features of the occasion was the way we were received. Among our audience was a judge from the town. We had present lawyers, doctors, school-board members, and members of the aristocratic clubs. Old soldiers embraced us. Men who knew John Brown wept for joy that this long-deferred occasion had come. Our photographs were taken by a dozen cameras. Even a movie camera was there. School girls took pictures for their civic class. Our pictures are now on sale as souvenir postcards in Placid, and at the caretaker's place on the farm. One of Brown's sons sent a letter which was read. Byron Brewster, who was reared in John Brown's family, welcomed us, and Lyman Epps, a colored man who as a boy in 1859 sang in a quartette at John Brown's funeral, sang two verses of the same hymn. At night, memorial services were held at the M. E. Church, of which Rev. Robert L. Clark is pastor. The people insisted that we make an annual pilgrimage to the grave, and they are especially desirous that on our next trip we bring a Negro quartette. At our night meeting, Dr. Burwell made a strong statement of the objects of the National Association, linking it up with John Brown's old league of Gileadites. The occasion was indeed a most inspiring one and we cannot possibly forget it. The Rev. J. A. Jones of Oneida happened to be in that neck of the country, and was glad to be present at the services. Without the interest and co-operation of Miss Alice L. Walker and Rev. Robert L. Clark, we could not have possibly made the occasion such a success. The Song A SONNET IN MEMORY OF JOHN BROWN Georgia Douglas Johnson We lift a son to you across the day Which bears through travailing, the seed you spread In terror's morning, flung with fingers red In blood of tyrants, who debarred the way To Freedom's dawning. Hearken to the lay Chanted by dusky millions, soft and mellow-keyed In minor measure, Martyr of the Freed, A song of memory across the Day! Truth cannot perish, though the earth erase The royal emblems, leaving not a trace; And time still burgeoneth the fertile seed Though he is crucified who wrought the deed: O, Alleghanies, fold him to your breast Until the Judgment! Sentinel his rest! THE HORIZON COMPILED BY MADELINE G ALLISON RESERVE OFFICERS, COMMISSIONED AT HOWARD THE following colored commissioned officers graduated from a Retired Officers Training Course were recently commissioned as Second Lieutenants at Howard University by Assistant Secretary of War Wain-wright: J. W. Keller, Chester, Pa.; A. W. Burleigh, New York City; J. B. Allen, Meadow, Va.; A. W. Ferguson, Richmond, Va.; J. W. Nicholson, Jackson, Tenn.; P. R. Higginbotham, Lynchburg, Va.; S. R. Cheevers, Albany, Ga. ; Edward A. Simmons, Charleston, S. O; C. A. Riley, Houston, Tex.; G. H. Sembley, Lutherville, Md.; J. J. Evans, Washington, D. O; Charles S. Walker, Mound Bayou, Miss.; J. T. A. Smith, Middleburg, Va.; W. B. Greene, Lawrenceville, Va.; K. S. Jones, Lake City, Fla. "They are the first Negro students to be so commissioned. They must not be the last!" Charles H. Anderson received the A.B. degree from Geneva College and also the degree in oratory. He is engaged with Westinghouse Radio House of Pittsburgh to read over their radio this summer. G P. G. Wolo received the degree of B.D. from Union Seminary. He is a member of the Kru tribe from Liberia and is an A.B. of Harvard and an A.M. of Columbia. G M. M. Fisher received the degree of B.D. from the Northern Baptist Seminary of Chicago and also the degree of Master of Arts from the University of Chicago. Other degrees have been granted as follows: Pacific Union College. 0. A. Troy, Bachelor of Arts; V. C. Hamilton, Bachelor of Arts. The University of Kansas. Walter E. Gray, A.B. Northwestern University. Warren W. Williams, Bachelor of Science and Commerce with diploma in Finance and Banking. Mr. Williams completed the regular four-year college course in three years and is a First Lieutenant in the O. R. C. Boston University. A. W. Easton, LL.B. Adelbert College. George W. Brown, Master of Arts. Stanley E. Brown, a graduate of Adelbert College, was admitted to the Phi Beta Kappa. The University of Washington. Lottie Biggs, Bachelor of Science; C. A. Coleman, Pharmaceutical Chemist, ranking first in his class. Columbia Catholic College. Norman A. Duckette, Bachelor of Arts. Biddle University graduates 15 Bachelors of Arts, 5 Bachelors of Science, 5 Masters of Arts, and one Bachelor of Divinity. T. T. Green was first honor man in college. Howard University. A.M.: Grace Coleman, Louise Miller. A. B., cum laude: Z. A. Looby, Beatrice V. Howell, Dorothea W. Jones. B.S., cum laude: Marcelle B. Brown. There were 35 degrees of B.A. in the College of Liberal Arts and 42 degrees of B.S. In the School of Education there were seven A.B. degrees and two B.S.; the School of Applied Science had ten bachelors and the School of Commerce eleven. Syracuse University. Milton N. Small, A.B. Oskaloosa College. George W. Simmons, Bachelor of Sacred Literature.  H. M. Smith, a graduate of Colgate University has been elected to the Phi Beta Kappa. Western Reserve University. A. M. Gibson, D.D.S.; Perry B. Jackson, A.B. and LL.B. The University of Kansas. George W. Hamilton, Jr., LL.B. Temple University. Martin E. Gibbs, graduate in pharmacy. He was awarded prizes for the highest general average in chemistry, second highest average in all senior branches, and honorable mention for highest general average; R. N. Gordon, D.D.S. Paine College. S. M. Jenkins, B.S. Philander Smith College. Four Bachelors of Arts. West Virginia Collegiate Institute. One Bachelor of Arts. The State College at Orangeburg, S. C.: One Bachelor of Arts and 3 Bachelors of Science. Garret Theological Seminary. R. E. Clement, B.D.; Mr. Clement at the same time received his M.A. from the Northwestern University. Morningside College, Iowa: R. M. Williams, A.B. University of Detroit. H. H. Tarrant, LL.B.  Florida A. &amp; M. College. Six Bachelors of Science. Straight College. Two Bachelors of Arts and 1 Bachelor of Science. University of California. Walter 0. Gordon, A.B., athlete and football coach, Alpha Phi Alpha; R. Berlinda Davison, M.A. Emerson College of Oratory. Gertrude P. McBrown, Bachelor of Literary Interpretation. Bishop College. Thirteen Bachelors of Science, 3 Bachelors of Theology. Chicago Piano College graduated 7 colored students. Hunter College. Isa M. Gitten, A.B. Ohio University. E. W. Barrier, Bachelor of Arts. Butler College. Henrietta Herod, A.B., completing the course in three and one-half years. University of Michigan. A. B. : John R. Ccttin, Jessie L. Craig, Monroe Crawford, Dewey R. Jones, Loratius L. McKenzie. B.S.: H. D. Shaw, W. H. Byrd. D.D.S. : Hélène T. Tines. State University of Iowa. A. B.: Imogen E. Wilson. The Carnegie Corporation and the Spel-man Rockefeller Memorial have given $25,-000 each to the Association for the Study of Negro Life and Histary, of which Dr. C. G. Woodson is director. This association publishes quarterly a Journal of Negro History and will now ai:point two investigators in Negro history and grant a few fellowships.  Mrs. Mary B. Talbert, who received the Spingarn medal for 1921, was born in 1866 in Oberlin, Ohio, being the ninth child of her parents. She was educated in the Oberlin High School and Oberlin College and taught school in Arkansas. In 1891 she married W. H. Talbert of Buffalo, and has since been prominent in social work. She has travelled in all parts of the United States, in Cuba and Europe. During the war, as president of the National Association of Colored Women, she organized them for war work, toured the South for the  N. A. A. C. P., and, after the armistice went to Europe as a Y. M. C. A. worker. She was the first colored woman to be elected delegate to the International Council of Women. Florence J. Smith has been a teacher in the District of Columbia for nearly a half century and has been principal of the Bir-ney School for 38 years. She is the daughter of John J. Smith, former member of the Massachusetts Legislature and of the Boston City Council. On her recent retirement she was given a notable banquet and testimonial. S. Elizabeth Townsend M. A. Columbia P. G. Wolo B. D. Union Walter E. Gray, Jr. A. B. Kansas Gertrude P. McBrown B.L.Ï.j Emerson H. H. Tarrant LL.B., Detroit W. Arvey Wood LL.B., Howard R. N. Gordon D.D.S., Temple Charles H. Anderson A.B., B.O., Geneva E. W. Barrier A.B., Ohio Arthur W. Easton LL.B., Boston U. R. E. Clement B.D., Garret Theologica Seminary M. A., Northwestern Eldridge C. Ross A.B., Colorado Beatrice H. Cannady LL.B., Northwestern College of Law Frederick A. W inslow Auburn High School Ellis O. Knox A.B., California O. R. Tatum A.B., California  L. P. Miller LL.B., Pennsylvania William A. Johnson A.B., California Ida L. Jackson A.B., California Warren W. Williams B.S., Northwestern S. M. Greene Phar. G., Ohio State H. Herod A.B., Butler Vivian Osborne-Marsh A.M., California Walter O. Gordon A.B., California Mrs. C. R. Foster A.B., Roger Williams Mattie H. Rowan A.B., Valedictorian, Fisk Birdia M. Williams B.S., Ohio State Isa M. Gittens A.B., Hunter C. L. Moxley, Jr. A.B., Valedictorian Morehouse Howard D. Dugran A.B., California Julia V. Johnson Bangor High School H. B. Campbell A.B., Grinnell  Mr. AtweU Mr. Perry Miss Smith Mr. Murphy George W. J. Perry has been appointed postmaster of Boley, Oklahoma. He has been editor of the Boley Progress and was regimental, sergeant-major of the 805th Pioneer Infantry, A. E. F. Ernest T. Attwell was born in 1878 and educated in New York City. He eventually became Business Agent at Tuskegee and in 1918 was organizer for the colored people of the food administration under Herbert Hoover. After the war he became an organizer for the Community Service and is now Field Director of their Bureau of Colored Work with headquarters at Philadelphia. With the death of John Henry Murphy, at the ripe age of 81 years, American Negro journalism loses its dean. He was born in Baltimore in 1840. He was sergeant in the Civil War, serving in the Wilderness Campaign and with Sherman in North Carolina. He worked as a whitewasher, a feed merchant and a printer, and for 26 years has been owner and editor of the Afro-American, in which he set a new mark for interest and news-gathering. He is survived by 8 children, 20 grandchildren and 2 great grandchildren. The cornerstone of an orphan's home has been laid in St. Louis. Among the chief donors were Mr. and Mrs. Aaron E. Malone under whose auspices and for the home, the morality play "Every Woman" was presented in March. Mary Ross Dorsey directed the play and trained the cast which consisted of herself, Mrs. Pearl Phillips, Miss Ruth Harris and Miss Josephine Harris. SANDERS' CHRISTMAS STORE  THE CAST IN "EVERY WOMAN" AT ST. LOUIS In 1915, Mr. and Mrs. Edward D. Sanders established the Sanders Company, manufacturers of silk lamp shadeis, in Indiana. During- the holiday season the company did a business of $1000 per day. It has a salary list of 55 people. The Indiana Review says: "Mr. Sanders has set up a great store in the midst of the great business district of Indianapolis, and which for beauty and attractiveness is not outrivalled by any of the stores in this city. Here is a lamp shade factory and store covering-thousands of square feet of space, all the work being done by young colored women and men." AT INDIANAPOLIS, IND.  PASTORS OF CONCORD CHURCH, 1847-1922 Concord Baptist Church of Brooklyn is celebrating its 75th anniversary. It was founded in 1847 as an off-shoot of Abyssinia Baptist Church of New York. During its 75 years of life it has had only six pastors, two of whom, the Rev. William T. Dickson and the Rev. William M. Moss, have been widely known. The present church is out of debt and has just purchased a parsonage. A movement has been started to erect a statue to Pietro Alonzo, pilot of the ship Nina in the voyage of Christopher Columbus. Alonzo is said to have been a Negro. In Louisiana, the political faction led by Walter Cohen, the colored leader, has succeeded in gaining the recognition of the administration. This means the downfall of the "Lily White" move ment in Louisiana and perhaps throughout the South. William McBrier, a former Kentucky slave, recently died in Ottawa, Kansas. He was 70 years of age and owned 315 acres of the richest land in Franklin county. William Peoples, who died in Montezuma, Kansas, in 1916, left an estate worth $90,000. He and his brother were part of the colored Kansas migration. His brother is still living and worth $50,000. Robert Wilberforce, great grandson of William Wilberforce, delivered the commencement address at Wilberforce University. At a recital of original composition in the Cosmopolitan School of Music and Dramatic Art, Chicago, two compositions by Elnora Manson of Chicago were rendered. At a recital of the American Conservatory of Music, a Negro spiritual, arranged by Hilbert E. Stewart, was sung by the Hyde Park Baptist choir, a white organization. A pageant called the Culture of Color was given at the class night exercises of the Miner Normal School, Washington. The official program of the 46th annual track and field meeting of the Inter-Collegiate Association of the amateur athletes of America was held at Harvard. E. O. Gourdin's picture adorned the front page and he acted as one of the officials of the day. CONCORD BAPTIST CHURCH The Looking Glass LITERATURE MARY SIEGRIST in the Survey: Gandhi Who is it walks across the world today? A Christ or Buddha on the common way— This man of peace through whom all India draws Breathlessly near to the eternal will? Hush, what if on our earth is born again A leader who shall conquer by the sign Of one who went strange ways in Nazareth ? Who is it sits within his prison cell The while his spirit goes astride the world? This age-fulfilling one through whom speak out The Vedas and Upanishads—who went Naked and hungry forth to find the place Where human woe is deepest and to feel The bitterest grief of India's tragic land? Whose is this peace that challenges a world, That calls divine resistance to a will No man upholds? Whose is this voice Through whom the Orient comes articulate? Whose love is this that is an unsheathed sword To pierce the body of hypocrisy? Whose silence this that calls across the World? In this strange leader are all races met; In his heart East and West are one immortally; Through him love sounds his clarion endlessly To millions prostrate who have lain agelong Beneath the oppressor's heel—unwearied saint Who gives them back the ancient memory Of a great dawn, a lost inheritance. In his deep prison there in India Somehow abreast with sun and sky he waits. What if again a Christ is crucified By some reluctant Pilate—if again The blind enact their old Gethsemane? Tread softly, world, perhaps a Christ leads on Today in India. "The Trend of the Races" by Dr. George Edmund Haynes has been published jointly by the Council of Women for Home Missions and the Missionary Education movement of the United States and Canada. It deals ably from a scientific, religious and economic standpoint with the relations of the two races in America. Dr. Haynes sums up his findings thus: Whether we acknowledge it or not, the inseparable inheritance of the two races binds their welfare today and determines their progress tomorrow. We have tried the ways of war, of repression by force at great cost and increasing turmoil. Where progress and development of the two races is impartially studied, it becomes very clear that improvement in the intelligence and wealth of the one race has been bound up with the advancement of the other. Is it not time to capitalize this constructive, co-operative experience in the way of good-will ? The task of amicable race relations at home and abroad involves the finding the ways of discovery and depression in action of this goodwill. White and Negro Americans work together as men and women facing common problems in the same land—problems of economic adjustment, problems of education, problems of civic and political justice, problems of public opinion as they strive toward national ideals. There ha. e been and doubtless will continue to be conflicting interests. Deeper than these surface waves, however, there are doubtless greater co-operative impulses and interests for those who are settled upon the same soil. The same publishers mentioned above issue "In the Vanguard of a Race" by L. H. Hammond. The author has very commend-ably grouped together the accounts of men and women not generally known, all of them except Booker Washington and Mr. Burleigh being lesser lights. The result is to make the reader conscious of a large and increasing number of leaders and exemplars. This is a fine and encouraging realization. The book is very attractive in a pleasant narrative almost childishly simple style. We quote two unrelated but significant passages: The oldest races are the pygmies of the Congo and of South Africa. They are a queer little folk who, Professor Elliot says in his Prehistoric Man, "seem to have been the very first race to understand and realize the importance of botany." Their knowledge of plants is quite wonderful. They are also "clever artists and musicians, and may be the inventors of the first violin." Many of them are clever iron-workers. In fact iron is believed to have been made into tools and weapons in Africa long before Europe learned its uses and even while our own forefathers still had no tools but flints. "And puts sweet music into my soul." That is especially the dower of African blood. It pours out in kindly laughter and friendly human cheerfulness amid circumstances which would turn Nordic blood to gall or flame. It wells up to God in the strange, soul-moving melody of the "spirituals" out of slavery itself. White slaves have attained spiritual vision—Epictetus is undying witness to that, but did ever a whole race of slaves lift their hearts in song before? When the races of men are all developed and the contribution of each to the Race of Man can be defined, that of the African race will be based on this very quality—that it "puts sweet music into mv soul." FAIR (!) HARVARD AND now Jim Crow makes his appear-ance in the last stronghold of American Democracy. Harvard discloses her desire to limit the number of Jewish students and her avowed practice of debarring Negroes from the freshmen dormitories. This policy has brought a protest from all over the country. We read in the Boston Post: Thousands of Harvard undergraduates are signing the petition circulated among the older alumni throughout the United States, protesting against an alleged "Jim Crow policy" at the Cambridge university. Charges that the color line is drawn by the authorities at Harvard has caused the same widespread criticism aroused several weeks ago when it was announced that plans were under way to have a more select student body and the number of Jews admitted each year would be considered. The petition drafted in behalf of colored men flatly asserts that the University, which before the Civil war mothered most of the famous champions of equal rights is now "drawing the color line" to cater to students from the Southern States. William J. Knox tells in the Boston American of Harvard's discrimination: "I went to the college office to determine why I was barred, with others of my race, from the freshman dormitory after being assigned to a room and receiving my registration card, and I was told that it was a. new rule that Negroes should not be admitted to the freshman dormitories." H. S. adds to this in the same paper : There are some people who take issue with your paper, saying that there is no color line drawn or race prejudice shown at Harvard. Not only is it present at the college proper, but it has spread-to the professional schools as well. As an instructoi at the Dental School, I know what I am talking about. Take for an example, the class book, "The Mirror". In this class book the students' names are arranged alphabetically. In the "Mirror" of the class of 1918 all the names are arranged in this order until the name of Sullivan, who was placed last of all for the simple reason that he was colored. If this isn't showing prejudice, I don't know what is. Probably the dean of the school can explain this. The seven Harvard alumni who have. drawn up the petition of protest and who are circulating it among Harvard graduates all over the country, are mentioned in the New York World. They are headed by the Rev. Dr. William Channing Gannett of Rochester, N. Y., Unitarian clergyman and author. A member of the class of 1860, Dr. Gannett matriculated at Harvard in the very heat of the Abolitionist movement. Another member of the committee is Moorfield Storey, '66, of Boston, who was private secretary to Charles Sumner just after the Civil War and who has been a President of the Massachusetts Bar Association and a former overseer of Harvard. He is President of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Other members of the committee are Charles C. Burlingham, '79, of New York, internationally known as an authority on maritime law and formerly President of the Board of Education '81; John Reynolds, '07; Edward Eyre Hunt, '10, who was in charge of American relief work in Antwerp during the war now Secretary of the President's Conference on Unemployment, and Robert C. Benchley, '12, the writer. A. Lawrence Lowell, president of Harvard who did not sign the Anti-Lynching Memorial, quite frankly avows his predilection for the policy of the South. The Brooklyn Eagle reports him as saying: "If Harvard were faced by the alternative of either admitting Negroes to the freshmen halls where white students are compelled to go, or of excluding Negroes altogether, it might be compelled like other colleges to adopt the other alternative." And the New York Tribune continues his remarks: "We owe to the colored man the best possible opportunities for education, but we do not owe to him inclusion in a compulsory social system with other people when it is not mutually agreeable." The New Republic is uncompromising in its denunciation of this undemocratic and unsocial attitude: Every argument advanced by President Lowell for the compulsory segregation of freshmen in dormitories of their own, might be invoked in favor of Negro participation in that system. If the building up of an esprit de corps in accordance with the Harvard tradition be aimed at, what more essential element of such tradition can be cited than that involved in the equality of all students in their relation to the institution? There are two ways of dealing with race prejudice. One is to retreat before it, with apologetic and flattering gestures. This is the Jim Crow way. The other is to attack it, by reason and example. This is the way of education. Harvard has the duty of educating thousands of young men in this as in other problems of citizenship. She is peculiarly bound by the responsibilities of leadership in this matter. She is strong enough to say to candidates for admission that if they are not willing to accept her principle of equality they cannot become her sons. This same paper comments on President Lowell's Anti-Semitism: That President Lowell is himself of the Jim Crow school of thought is shown by his letter to Mr. A. A. Benesch in regard to the limitation of the number of Jews. President Lowell accepts the fact of race prejudice. "There is most unfortunately a rapidly growing anti-Semitic feeling in this country." "The question for those of us who deplore such a state of things is how it can be combatted." "If every college in the country would take a limited proportion of Jews I suspect we should go a long way toward eliminating race feeling among the students." This is a perfect illustration of the attempt to exorcise the fiend by caressing it. The purring note is unmistakable in the phrases in which he invites the Jews themselves to join him whole-heartedly in making this sacrifice. Mr. Benesch found an easy mark in President Lowell's argument, pointing out the logical conclusion that "a complete prohibition against Jewish students in the colleges would solve the problem of anti-Semitism." OUT OF THE SOUTH GEORGIA boasts at least one citizen who is not afraid to call a spade, a spade. After speaking of the achievements of Anglo-Saxon blood, M. Ashby Jones, D.D., writes in the Atlanta Constitution of the dangers involved in building too much on this foundation: We ought to learn the lesson that no race nor nation nor individual can inherit greatness. Only the opportunity to become great can be inherited. All that is truly great in life must be achieved. Our Anglo-Saxon fathers won their place in the world, and only as we follow in the pathway of their principles and express in our life the spirit and genius of their ideals have we a right to hope to maintain the supremacy of the race. Here in the South we boast of the predominance of the Anglo-Saxon blood, and, basing our claim on the achievements of the past, we have proclaimed the dogma that the Anglo-Saxon race must be supreme. This is a fatal fallacy. Any people or any individual who bases the claim to superiority on the achievements of the fathers is denying the fundamental principle of democracy, and attempting to substitute the heresy of inheritance for the true principle of the regnancy of righteous achievement. The Anglo-Saxon race can only maintain the supremacy of the past by maintaining today the spirit and ideals by which our fathers won their way in the world of yesterday. . . . When I boast of Anglo-Saxon supremacy in the world, my pride is in their record of fair play, their fine sense of chivalry, their disciplined obedience to their own law, and their long history of protection of the weak by the strong. I believe that the Anglo-Saxon race has a right to be supreme, and will be supreme, only iso long as the Anglo-Saxon race is supremely fair and supremely just to all men. Are the actions of whites toward Negroes measured by such standards ? Dr. Jones replies sternly: I am trying to imagine the God of civilization looking quietly on at the scene enacted in Washington county, Georgia, two weeks ago. A crowd of Anglo-Saxons have taken a 16-year-old Negro boy from the hands of legal officers and are slowly burning him to death. They have denied him his right under magna charta to a trial by jury—they have nullified their own democratic constitution, and proven themselves incapable of disciplined obedience to their own government. They have lost all sense of fairness and every vestige of likeness to a civilized people, as with barbaric cruelty they revert to the methods of savages. This mob, on the tortured testimony of the boy whom they believe to be bad enough to be burned, take two other Negroes and burn them to death. Will the God of civilization adjudge these representatives of the Anglo-Saxon race as superior to the Negro race, and ordain that the spirit which they expressed that day shall remain supreme in our civilization? This boy's crime though horrible was not characteristic of any one race. He was the representative of a criminal class of humanity which is just as numerous among the white races of America today as among the Negroes. . . . Nearly a year ago in the city of Atlanta, a young white man dreamed in sensual eagerness of a life of lust and idle indulgence. To make his dream come true he entered a jewelry store, and in the accomplishment of his burglary murdered one man and shot another almost to death. That young white man still parades through the courts of Georgia, the sensational hero of abnormal imagination and morbid sentimentality. He is defended by all the arts of the legal profession and protected by every technical ingenuity. He is a representative of the Anglo-Saxon race. Is he superior to the Negro criminal whose charred ashes were sprinkled upon the altar of Anglo-Saxon justice in Washington county? There is some strange contradiction in these facts: When Governor Dorsey's long list of injustices done the Negro race was published in pamphlet form by a group of patriotic citizens, it elicited a violent storm of protest. Indignation meetings were held and demands for the impeachment of the governor were made on the ground that he was slandering the good name of the state. Here in one community three Negroes were burned and one hanged by a mob within a few hours. That same week another Negro, under sentence of death by the court, was taken from the officers and only escaped through an automobile accident. I have heard of no indignation meetings held in condemnation of these barbaric acts. And yet the great metropolitan newspapers of the nation have broadcast this renewed assertion of our Anglo-Saxon superiority to the world. Are we to condone by our silence these brutal burnings of human beings by a mob? We are fronted with a new and astounding moral dictum that the mob who fouls the record of our race must be uncondemned, and that those who publicly proclaim their righteous abhorrence of such deeds are hurting the fair name of our state. Southerners protest a federal anti-lynch-ing bill on the ground of unconstitutionality? What are state-rights compared with human life? When the Dyer anti-lynching bill was before Congress, our southern representatives, backed by our press, protested against its passage on the ground that it was an invasion of the rights of the state. What did they mean by the state's rights? Its right to protect the mob or the accused citizen? I blush to be forced to acknowledge that from our record in Georgia thus far the answer to the question is difficult. I too believe, as I have said in this column before, that it is the right and the duty of the state to see to it that its humblest citizen is protected in his right to a legal trial by jury, and I would deplore the day when it became necessary for the national government to perform this duty. But only one blind to the present situation can deny that unless the righteous citizens of the South rise up and demand that the state perform this primary function of a freedom-loving commonwealth, it will be necessary for the national government to assume the task. The Dyer bill seems dead for the time being. Is not this the supreme opportunity for Georgia to enact its own anti-lynching legislation, and back it with the full force of a justice-loving people? FOOD FOR THOUGHT As a concrete example of mischief-breeders, I will cite The Birth of a Nation That the danger from such films is real is fproved by the fact that the colored people of Wilmington, Del., recently have been offered 30 per cent of the profits of a new showing of "The Birth of a Nation" if they would withdraw objections which have, succeeded in banishing it from the city. In the name of that pure democracy which we all hope to live to see, in the name of God, the Father of brown men as of white men, and in the name of Christ, whose standard of brotherhood we claim to follow, we beg you to give this subject your serious attention and vigorous action. On behalf of the committee, Anne Biddle Stirling, Chairman Inter-Racial Committee of Philadelphia, in letter to Will Hays. Miss Maude Royden pulpit assistant of the City Temple has given London her impressions of the United States gained during her recent visit. There was not in all the world a more heartrending problem than that of the position of the 11,000,000 Negroes in the States. Miss Royden deprecated the hasty judgment of America's attitude on this matter. It was pointed out to her that in every town they passed there was an annex of squalid shanties ("Nigger Town"). She found that it was impossible to stay in the same hotel with colored delegates, and that if they had shared a meal with a colored delegate they might have been broken up by the Ku Klux Klan. It was considered an incredibly daring thing that a white woman should speak on the same platform as a Bishop of Negro blood but of fair complexion who had been invited to address them. They dared not offer him even a eup of coffee. These things made her realize that the problem was not being handled in the right way. She found Americans who believed that intermarriage would be the right solution, but she did not find one who would let her use his or her name in public.—Manchester Guardian, London. TEN million of the inhabitants of the United States are Negroes. Some of them are pure-blooded and some of them are of mixed blood. Some of them are black and some brown. But they are all Negroes. The ancestors of these people were brought from Africa as slaves and were kept in bondage until a bloody war and Abraham Lincoln's Proclamation of Emancipation set them free. That was only sixty years ago. And in that brief space of time the American Negro has made the most amazing progress that any race has ever made in the history of civilization. You must count the progress of a race only from the time that it was given an opportunity to think and act for itself. And the American Negro has had that opportunity for only sixty years. . . . But, all that is far less wonderful than the fact that there is a Negro culture here in America that, we think, almost surpasses our own. White men do not know it, yet it exists and has a beauty and a nobility that would have delighted Pythagoras, himself. In that world of Negro culture we have found poets, artists, music makers and the dreamers of high dreams. René Maran is there, Burghardt DuBois, Tanner, Paul Laurence Dunbar and many another.—Los Angeles (Cal.) Times. LAST week Robert T. Kerlin, disfrocked professor of the Virginia Military Institute, delivered an infamous lecture in Richmond before a Negro audience in which he boldly advocated Negro equality. Last night a drunken Negro created a disturbance on a street car passing through the Negro district of Richmond, and when the car conductor remonstrated with him, other Negroes came to the aid of the drunken man, set upon the white conductor and stabbed him to death. The races in Richmond have always lived together in peace and friendliness and we can not but believe that Kerlin's speech was partly responsible for the Sunday night outrage.—Newport News (Va.) Herald. Appreciation Hampton Institute Hampton, Virginia Founded in 1868 by General Armstrong' to train selected colored youth who should go out to teach and lead their people. In 1878 Indians were first admitted. Hampton stands for "a sound body, a trained capacity, and an unselfish outlook on life." Hampton is an industrial village: 1,100 acres; 140 buildings; 850 boarding students, 500 day pupils in practice-school; 600 summer-school students; 200 teachers and workers. Hampton has over 2,000 graduates and 8,000 former students; also numerous outgrowths, including Tuskegee, founded by Booker T. Washington. Hampton offers courses in four schools of normal and collegiate grade—Agricultural, Business, Home-Economics, Normal— and in two schools of secondary grade— Academy and Trade (11 four-year courses). Hampton needs annual scholarships at $100 each and endowed scholarships at $2,500 each ; also $135,000 annually above regular income. JAMES E. GREGG, Principal FRANK K. ROGERS, Treasurer Morgan College and Branches John O. Spencer, Ph.D., President Lee M. McCoy, Litt. D., Dean. Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. Location :—In great college town between North and South. Policy :—Co-educational. Courses:—Four years, appropriate degrees. Preparation for professional study. Advanced education. Graduates certified for elementary and high school teaching. College extension credit courses in city. Faculty:—College and university trained men and women. Site:-—Eighty-five acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. Athletic fields; fraternity house. Terms :—Very reasonable. Information:-—Address the Registrar, Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. SUMMER SCHOOL JUNE 26TH TO AUGUST 4TH Morgan Academy, Baltimore, Md. Location:—In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus : Healthful surroundings. Dormitories:—Equipped and supervised. Can care for 100 boarders and 100 day students. Athletics and physical education. Courses:—Preparatory, music. Terms :—Very moderate. Principal :—John W. Haywood. S. T. D. Princess Anne Academy, Princess Anne, Md. Eastern Branch of the University of Maryland Location:—Somerset County, famous Eastern Shore of Maryland: Courses :—Preparatory, normal, agricultural. Industrial, domestic, music. Terms:—Free tuition; other expenses moderate. Principal:—Thomas H. Kiah, Ped. D. Information :—Address the Principal. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25th. 1922 Dormitories Open Sept. 23rd, 1922 For the most valuable books dealing with the Negro Problem see the inside back cover.  "Tuskegee stands for Order, System, Cleanliness, Industry, Courtesy and Usefulness. There are no sink-holes around the place, no 'back-yards'. Everything is beautiful, wholesome and sanitary. All trades are represented. The day is crammed so full of work from sunrise to sunset that there is no time for complaining, misery or fault-finding—three things that are usually born of idleness." Elbert Hubbard, in "A Little Journey to Tuskegee." The TUSKEGEE NORMAL and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Founded by DR. BOOKER T. WASHINGTON Offers Splendid Opportunities to Negro Youth to Secure an Excellent Normal School Course and a Course in Mechanical Industries, Women's Industries or Agriculture THE MECHANICAL INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT FOR BOYS is composed of forty trades, including Auto-Mechanics, Applied Electricity, Photography, Printing, Machine-Shop Practice and Tailoring. The plant consists of five large buildings equipped with modern tools and machinery. The latest methods of instruction are employed and practical work is an important part of each course. THE WOMEN'S INDUSTRIES consist of such courses as Domestic Science and Domestic Art. This Department offers splendid training for young women desiring to be Domestic Science and Art Teachers as well as those who are planning to enter commercial fields in other industries offered. THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT, covering 2,000 acres of land, offers a splendid four-year course in Secondary Agriculture and a four-year course in advanced Agriculture; training young men to be Farm Demonstrators, Teachers of Agriculture and Scientific Farmers. GRADUATE AND SPECIAL COURSES are offered in Mechanical Industries and Agriculture. Smith-Hughes Vocational Courses, Nurse Training, Business Courses and Teacher-Training Courses are offered to Advanced Students. Location unsurpassed for healthfulness. Write for catalog of information. ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE, ALABAMA. VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY RICHMOND, VIRGINIA is offering young men an excellent opportunity to secure a liberal education along a variety of lines. Every effort is made to stimulate a full, well-rounded development. High school, college and professional courses are offered. The faculty is strong, the rates are reasonable. For further information address The President WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY WILBERFORCE, OHIO THREE MILES FROM XENIA Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location, Best Moral and Spiritual Environment, Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Theological, Normal, Academic, Commercial, Nurse Training and Industrial. Military training a feature under Regular Army of* . fleer. Junior and Senior divisions of E. O. T. C. Good Water, Steam Heat, Electric Lights, Splendid Dormitories, Reasonable Expenses. Fall term begins September 19, 1922. For catalogs and other Information address Registrar or C. C. Jenkins, Secretary. J. A. GREGG, President of the University 1882 LANE COLLEGE 1922 Jackson, Tennessee A growing College with a splendid history and a bright future. It offers modern courses in Collegiate, Theological, Musical, College Preparatory, Teachers Training, Home Economics, Agricultural and Pre-Medical subjects. Several vocational courses are also taught. Proper standards of conduct as well as scholarship are maintained. Registrations of students are now being made for the next session. Well equipped laboratories, dormitories with modern conveniences and facilities under positive Christian influences are supported. For further information address J. P. LANE, President, Jackson, Tennessee. Hartshorn Memorial College RICHMOND, VA. A separate school for the higher education of young women. College Department greatly improved. Academic course of 16 high school units. Normal course of two years. Three grammar grades. Music course. Expenses very low. Send for catalog. GEORGE W. RIGLER, PRESIDENT ARMSTRONG CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE Announces COURSES BY MAIL Our system enables you to study at home at small cost. Our system is so simple that anyone can get our courses by means of our simplified text book digests. Our school is for the masses, not the classes. We offer courses in: Business Common School subjectsCollegiate subjects Journalism High School subjects Civil Service Commerce Insurance Stenography. Banking, etc. If you don't see what you want, write. If it can be given by mail, we give it. Send for catalog. Write to-day. We want Agents. Why not be a State ^or District Agent ? We pay a handsome commission on every course sold. Agents Wanted. Write for terms. BYRON K. ARMSTRONG, M.A. (Columbia) Director WESTFIELD, INDIANA A RACE COLLEGE FOR RACE PEOPLE St. Philip's Normal &amp; Industrial School San Antonio, Texas. (FOR GIRLS) Normal, Academic, Junior and Music Courses, Teachers' Training, Domestic Sciences and Arts, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring, Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookeeping and Spanish. Boarding facilities. Ideal location. Faculty from leading Universities. Write for Bulletin. Artemisia Bowden, Principal TALLADEGA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY. TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Frederick A. Sumner, President Is training men for the Gospel Ministry at home and abroad. Students are also being trained for work in the fields of SOCIAL SERVICE RELIGIOUS EDUCATION THE Y. M. C. A., AND TEE T. W. C. A. The Seminary has an enviable record of «9 years of service. For full information address TAMES P. O'BRIEN, Dean S99 W. BATTLE ST., TALLADEGA, ALA. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York  WALDEN COLLEGE Nashville, Tenn. One of the schools under the auspices of the Board of Education for Negroes, of the Methodist Episcopal Church. Walden will begin work this fall under new and greatly improved conditions. The new site for the college is beautiful and splendidly located. The buildings are large, steam heated and provided with modern conveniences and equipment. The teachers are from some of the best colleges. The courses of instruction begin with the Seventh Grade and include Preparatory Courses, Braden Bible Training School, Normal, Commercial, Classical, Scientific, Music and Home Economics. The President is on the ground and is' ready to correspond with any and all who contempt ite attending Walden College. Address all communications to President T. R. DAVIS Walden College Nashville, Tenn. Young Man! Young Woman! Do You Want a Trade ? Do Vou Want To Be a Chauffeur? Do You Want a Business Education? Do You Want a High School Education? Do You Want To Be a Milliner? Do You Want To Be a Farmer? Do You Want To Be a Nurse?  Enter DOWNINGTOWN INDUSTRIAL &amp; AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL OPENS SEPT. 21, 1922 Re-fitted, New Equipment, New Aims, New Management, Ideal Situation, Healthy Location. Courses in College Preparation, Business Training, Agriculture, Home Economics, Blacksmithing, Automobile Operation and Care, Building Trades. Write DR. J. H. N. WARING, Principal, DQWNINGTOWN, PA. THE ANCRUM SCHOOL OF MUSIC 74 West Rutland Square, Boston, Mass. Capitalize Your Summer Months at the Nation's Capital Jennifer Business College Special Summer Courses Now Forming ENROLL TODAY W. E. JENNIFER, President Southern Aid BIdg., 7th &amp; Tea Sts., N. W„ Washington, D. C. the district of columbia college of osteopathy INCORPORATED 1826 9th St., N.W., Washington, D. C. A professional school devoted to the training of worthy colored men and women to become proficient Osteopathic Physicians. A thorough course of study leading to the degree of DOCTOR OF OSTEOPATHY. T. THEO. PARKER, D.O., Oph.D., President. Missionary Training School SHAW UNIVERSITY RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA The Missionary Training School offers courses to ht students to become home and foreign missionaries, social-service workers, pastors' assistants and Sunday-school leaders. For further information address MRS. J. L. PEACOCK, Dean, Summer Address: East Northfield, Mass.  MEHARRY MEDICAL COLLEGE with departments of Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmacy and a Norse Training Scbool ALL DEPARTMENTS RECENTLY REORGANIZED Two years (Class One) college work required for admission to the study of medicine. Graduation from a four years' High School or Normal School required for admission to the departments of dentistry and pharmacy and nurse training. For catalog and application blank address John J. Mullowney, M.D., President of Meharry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn. EVERY GIRL SHOULD LEARN A TRADE It is better than a life insurance.  It pays while you live. It puts dollars into your pocket. It Makes You Independent Give your daughter a trade in a school that has high standards, and you put her on a safe' road to success in life. Our literary and vocational courses are so correlated as to develop strong cnaracter, alert minds and skilled nands. COURSES OFFERED: LITERARY—Sixth grade through a standard Normal. PROFESSIONAL AND VOCATIONAL COURSES—Business, Domestic Science and Arts, Dressmaking, Tailoring, Millinery, Music. Social Service, Laundering, Home Crafts and Beauty Culture. REQUIREMENTS FOR ADMISSION: 1. Not below Sixth Grade. 2. Not under fifteen years of age. 3. Certificates from Doctor, Dentist and School last attended. SEND FOR CATALOG THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, President Lincoln Heights Washington, D. C. KINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENT ATLANTA UNIVERSITY In full operation since igi2 Professional course of two years Address Kindergarten Department Atanta University_Atlanta, Ga. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of Its kind In historic Northern Virginia Stats standard Four-Tear High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral itandards. Prépare boys and girls to become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For Information address _EDWARD D. HOWE. PRINCIPAL_ Placement Bureau For Colored Graduate Nurses 317 West 188th Street, New York, N. Y. Telephone Audubon 5602 Mrs. Adah Belle Thorns, R. N. For many years Assistant Superintendent of Nurses of Lincoln Hospital, New York, N. Y. REGISTRAR OIlnnT i"AIinorc \ Typewriting .........3 month! SHIlK I LIlUKSbSl Bookkeeping .........3 months LHIUlll VVUlAiMiiJ ) primer of shorthand... 3 months Efficiency Course—Pitman shorthand, typewriting and bookkeeping—11 months. Fall term opens October 2nd. DUNCAN'S BUSINESS SCHOOL AGENTS WANTED For a high grade line of Calling Cuds, Business Card!. Invitations, Social Stationery, etc Big demand everywhere Liberal commission!, prompt deliveries. Write for sample! and terms. Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Asbolutely Free From Grit and Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted Extra Large Profit Guaranteed The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the Untted States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth, "BLEACHING' the Teeth, Healing and Hardening Bleeding Gums. THE NEGRO IN OUR HISTORY By Dr. CARTER GODWIN WOODSON $2.15 by mail Published in June, this book has already been adopted as a textbook for schools conducting courses in History and Sociology. The following desirable features make it the most useful book on the Negro: It contains 20 chapters, 126 illustrations, references for future study and important documents in the appendix. It is well-thought-out, logically developed, tersely written and beautifully illustrated. It has a logical arrangement, accurate citations, a vigorous style and positive statements to avoid ambiguity and inspire clear thinking. It shows an admirable balance between the economic and the political, between the purely narrative and the material. It analyzes and discusses every phase of Negro life and history without the bias of many writers on social problems. It is the only textbook on the Negro written from the point of view of the student and in conformity with the requirements of the schoolroom. There is no better volume to recommend either to the man in the street or to the serious student. THE ASSOCIATED PUBLISHERS, INC. 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. The Negro in American History Its value indicated In public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 284 pages, 82 chapters, 17 full page illustrations. Index and bibliography other features. Price $2.00: postage prepaid $2.15; sent on receipt of net. price. Order through any bookseller; C. 0. D. or postage remittance. For further Information address the author. JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St., Washington, D. C. SEASHORE LOTS 50 x 150 $200.00 Upward EASY TERMS Positively the prettiest cottage and bungalow sites in the suburbs of Atlantic City on the Pleasantville, Atlantic City Million Dollar Boulevard opposite Douglass Park. Advance to builders, use of additional space for garden free. For further particulars and prospectus, write, CRESCENT CORPORATION WM. B. SOUTHERN, PRES. Suite 404-5-6, Odd Fellows Building 12th and Spruce Streets PHILADELPHIA, PA. RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent roice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily Newt. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 1(6 Hamilton Avenue Columbus. Ohio CHESTER A. SMITH Baritone Concerts and Recitals For terms and dates, address 67 MOUNTFORT STREET, BOSTON, MASS. A MONEY GETTER because il ia A CROWD GETTER Churches and Clubs loosing for s slay that will afford an evening of Sidesplitting Fun. should ban The Slabtown Convention As entertainment ll 010 art; full el wit tad geed humor. Scores of churches have cleared frost una te Two Hundred Dollars la Oio Night. PRICE. Ma. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Llneoln Heloht»._Washington. O. Wanted—2500 men and women who will use their spare time to maJte BIG MONEY, or go Into business for themselves; $3 to $5 per day and up to a hustler. We will furnish you the goods to start with FREE. All we ask is that you pay the postage. Our line is a sure repeater and fast seller. HURRY. HURRY! HURRY! Do not delay, hut write to-day. I DIXIE SALES AGENCY, 3181 8. Stole St., CHICAGO, ILL. FIFTY DOLLARS FOR A NAME THE FIRST CASUALTY POLICY ever offered by a company owned and operated within our group is now ready for the public —EXCEPT FOR ITS NAME. This policy has real significance as a step in the development of the insurance business among our people—we ask accordingly that the public give it.a name. BUILT ON ESTABLISHED LINES—inviting the closest scrutiny of the officials in whatever State we may now operate or expect to enter —there is included within the one contract (1) A PRINCIPAL SUM of one thousand dollars against accidental death or injury—with a double indemnity provision; (2) A MONTHLY ACCIDENT INDEMNITY of one hundred dollars—covering six months' disability; (3) A MONTHLY ILLNESS INDEMNITY of. one hundred dollars—covering six months' illness. Optional indemnities, surgeons' fees, registration and identification and a sixty per cent accumulation clause are included. WITH RATES FIXED TO MEET COMPETITION and a classification that includes all occupations—this is truly the policy supreme. For a name that fits—one that best describes this policy and our purpose —one that may be printed on the face of this policy—that will give distinction to it and our advertising SUPREME LIFE WILL PAY FIFTY DOLLARS THE COMMITTEE OF AWARDED H. Pace, President, The Pace Phonograph Co., New York, N. Y. B. M. Roddy, Cashier, The Solvent Savings Bank, Memphis, Tenn. Wilson Lovett, President, The First Standard Bank, Louisville, Ky. The contest is open to everybody. More detailed description may be had on request. Address inquiry or your suggestion for a name with reason therefor to the company. THE SUPREME LIFE AND CASUALTY COMPANY Home Office—Columbus, Ohio "You Will Find Ours A Good Policy"  Another "Down Home Blues" on Black Swan Records RECORD No. 14115 "Aint Got Nothin' Blues" Soprano with Orchestra by Mary Straine -Coupled with- "THE FOWLER TWIST" Baritone with Orchestra by John P. Vigal Any time is dancing time whenever you have Black Swan Records They are a constant invitation to i dance—a source of keen, wholesome pleasure. Ask your dealer to play them over for you. AUGUST LIST 14115 1 HONEY ROSE ............... .......................................................Mamie Jones M ANDY N ME ......................................................................Mamie Jones THE DOG, THE FLEA AND THE BUMBLE BEE..............................Archie Harrod WHEN MALINDY SINGS ........................................................Archie Harrod ZOWIE (Fox Trot) ............................................Fred Smith's Society Orchestra ARABIA (Fox Trot .............................................Fred Smith's Society Orchestra THE LAST WALTZ.............................................Henderson's Dance Orchestra JANE (Fox Trot) ................................................Henderson's Dance Orchestra SPREAD YO' STUFF (Fox TroO..................................Ethel Water's Jazz Masters SNUGGLE (Fox Trot)..............................................Ethel Water's Jazz Masters SOUTHERN DIXIE MEDLEY (Banjo) ........................... ..................Joe Briggs YANKEE JIGS (Fiddler) ..............................................................Tony Gray DREAMY ALABAMA (Hawaiian Guitars) ...................................Kaluana &amp; Brown DRIFTING (Hawaiian Guitars) ............................................. Kaluana-&amp; Brown CAN'T YO' HEAR ME CALLING CAROLINE (Tenor)..................Harry A. Delmore A DREAM (Tenor) ...........................................................Harry A. Delmore Hallelu (Spiritual) Harrod's Jubilee Singers LIVE HUMBLE (Spiritual) ............................................Harrod's JubUee "Singers Phonograph Corporation Makers of Exclusive Colored Records 2289 Seventh Ave. New York, N. Y. ARE YOU PREPARED FOR THE FUTURE? ARE YOU MAKING INVESTMENTS THAT WILL HEP YOU ON THE ROAD TO FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE? OPPORTUNITY IS CALLING YOUR ATTENTION TO ORCHARDVILLE Where, if you act soon enough, you can secure ideal BUILDING LOTS for only ON VERY EASY TERMS. $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH. NO INTEREST. CLEAR TITLE. EACH LOT SOLD UNDER MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE Real Estate is the foundation of all wealth. You have heard that said many times and you know it to be true. You know how people have made large sums of money out of Real Estate investments and you know that most of those people bought at THE RIGHT TIME. That is an important factor. People from all parts of the country are buying Orchardville lots because they know that they have an excellent opportunity to earn BIG PROFITS on their investment. They know that when a place is developed in the way Orchardville is being improved, the property there should INCREASE IN VALUE CONSID-ÈRABLY. That is why they are buying their lots now, while the price is low. You can do likewise, if you wish. Space here is too limited to cover all the details of this attractive offer, but we would like to have you know all about Orchardville and the opportunities it offers you. If you will write your name and address on the coupon below and send it to us promptly, we will gladly send you full particulars without obligation on your part. The stamp on your envelope is all it will cost you. Perhaps this is the very opportunity you have been waiting for. Who knows? In view of the increasing demand for these lots, we suggest that you send the coupon without delay. ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY  Arenson Realty Dev'pt Corp. Chicago, 111.  Gentlemen :  I am interested in your Orchardville offer and  would be glad to receive full particulars, without obligation on my part. Rates reduced in keeping with the times. This magnificent Hotel, located in the heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the world, is replete with every Modern Improvement. Superlative in Construction, Appointments, Service and Refined Patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, Tennis, etc., on Premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Booklet. E. W, SALE, Owner. Agents Wanted In Every Town and Locality. GOOD PAY Catalog Free  THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N. Central Dept. B OKLAHOMA CITY. OKLAHOMA BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION FINANCIERS. BROKERS AND GENERAL AGENTS Large and growing enterprises desiring connections, expansion or correspondents are cordially invited to transact their business thru our nationally known organization. Gale Building, 413 S. Broad Street, PHILADELPHIA, PA. DON'T GAMBLE! If you are afraid of oil and other speculative investment propositions and prefer SAFETY OF INVESTED CAPITOL plus reasonable profits, we have an Ideal Investment opportunity in a well established and seasoned, nationally known film corporation that shows wonderful Indications of substantial profits, Out Illustrated booklet No. 678 explains in detail. Send for a copy. Its FREE! Southern California Investment Co. 1154 Central Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. Tailoring Salesmen Make $75.00 a week selling our strictly All-Wool, Made-to-Measure Suits at $26.50. You collect profits in advance and keep them. We supply finest Selling Outfit in America. Many exclusive money-making features. Tailoring, raincoat and side-line men, part or full time, get in touch with us immediately. GOODWEAR, Chicago, Inc. Dept. 120 843 W. Adams St., Chicago, III. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. 641 W. 9th St. Gncmnati, Ohio You CAN BANK BT HAIL FIRST STANDARD BANK Louisville, Ky. Capital and Surplus (Paid) $110,000.00 Wilson Lovett, Présidant Tel. 64J7 Port Hill Cable Address, Epbeo EDGAR P BENJAMIN Attoikit un Cotjkiïixoi-at-Law 14 ScbmI Itrcet Boston. Hast. Is there a CRISIS agent in your community? If not, will you recommend some energetic and reliable person who will serve us in your locality? Our terms to agents are liberal. A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two Colored Women with the American Expeditionary Forces. (Hunton and Johnson) ..................... $2.50 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems. (Georgia Douglas Johnson)........................................... 1.50 The Soul op John Brown. (Stephen Graham) ........... 2.00 A Narrative of the Negro. (Leila Arnos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk. (W. E. B. DuBois)................. 2.00 A Century of Negro Migration. (Carter G. Woodson) ____ 1.10 The Curse of Race Prejudice. (James F. Morton)...........25 History of the Negro. (Benjamin Brawley).............. 2.00 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence)................................. 1.75 Half a Man. (Mary White Ovington).................... 1.20 Unsung Heroes. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes)................ 2.50 The Shadow. (Mary White Ovington).................... 2.00 John Brown. (W. E. B. DuBois)........................ 2.00 Negro in American History. (J. W. Cromwell)........... 2.00 Prince Hall and His Followers. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Voice of the Negro. (Robert T. Kerlin).............. 2.50 The Negro. (W. E. B. Du Bois).......................... .90 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) ....................................... 2.00 The Negro Faces America. (Herbert J. Seligmann)........ 1.75 Darkwater. (W. E. B. DuBois)......................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar........................ 2.50 Afro-American Folksongs. (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Booker T. Washington. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) ..................................... 2.50 A Social History of the American Negro. (Benjamin Brawley) ......................................... 4.00 The Negro in Literature and Art. (Benjamin Brawley).. 1.50 Fifty Years and Other Poems. (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.50 The History of the Negro Church. (Carter G. Woodson).. 2.15 The Upward Path. (Pritchard and Ovington)............ 1.35 Fifty Years in the Gospel Ministry. (T. G. Steward)... 2.70 Harlem Shadows. (Claude McKay)...................... 1.35 The Book of American Negro Poetry. (James Weldon Johnson)............................................... 1.75 American Civilization and the Negro. (C. V. Roman).... 3.00 The Negro in Our History. (Carter G. Woodson)............ 2.00 Address: THE CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N Y  Two Soaps for Milady's Use COMPLEXION SOAP An excellent soap, made of the highest quality oils and essences compounded in such careful proportion as to assist Nature in preserving the most delicate skin and healthful bloom so much desired by woman. Unsurpassed for complexion's needs. A Suggestion For Your Sunburn ANTISEPTIC SOAP  THIS Soap is guaranteed to be made from strictly pure vegetable oils and can not be excelled for washing the hair, scalp and hands. Delightfully dooming for cuts, wounds or for any use where a strictly pure soap is required. Unexcelled for softening the hands. The Madam C. J. Walker -Co. 640 North West Street Indianapolis, Ind. Makers of 18 Superfine Preparations tor the Hair and Skin