The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 10—No.l MAY, 1915 Whole No. 55 , ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY 275652 Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer tbere. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A . &amp; A. Scottish Rite : "'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents to the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should he in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter dooted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the look. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A. Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "Tlie hook fills a long-felt want among" intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should he in the hands of every Mason of e&gt;ur Race." From Jose H . Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners: " A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stern call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Kite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H. Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of " A History of Colored Freemasonry": "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The hook is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the facts are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth. Avenue :. New York Mention The CRISIS TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association (or the Advancement of Colored People Contents for May, 1915 PICTURES COVER—Photograph from Life Page WILLIAM WILBERFORCE 13 CARTOON. By John Henry Adams 26 ARTICLES MR. TAYLOR'S FUNERAL. A Story. (Concluded) By Charles W. Chesnutt 34 POEMS. By Benjamin Brawley 37 "OLIVER CROMWELL." By W . T . Freeman 42 DEPARTMENTS ALON G TH E COLO R LINE 7 ME N OF TH E MONT H 13 OPINIONS 16 EDITORIA L 28 NATIONA L ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMEN T OF COL ORE D PEOPLE 38 FIGHTING RAC E CALUMN Y 40 TH E BURDE N 43 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered at Second-Class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. State Summer School Sixteenth Annual Session will begin July 5, 1915 at the Agricultural and Technical College, (formerly A. &amp; M. College) and continue five weeks. Write for catalog. Secure lodging in advance. Address J. H. BLUFORD, Director STATE SUMMER SCHOOL GREENSBORO, NORTH CAROLINA JAS. B. DUDLEY. President MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. -43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BAD SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible, WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write C. W. Morrow, Acting President. Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —R ev. D r . C harles H. P arkhurst, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M . C. A. and Y. W. C A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N . C The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. Summer school will not be held at Cheyney during 1915, but will open on an improved basis in 1916. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER OF ^ INTEREST T O VOCA L STUDENTS E . ALDAM A JACKSO N TONE-PLACIN G AN D Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director VOICE - DEVELOPMEN T of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist Chor isters, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.* Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental prin ciples of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N, Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing* is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Lay-ton. Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, III.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to corres pondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGER, 2739 CONVERSE AVENUE EAST ST. Louis, III. Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY CONCERT SOLOIST LULA ROBINSON-JONES, Soprano For terms write 126 West 134 Street, New York City HIGH-GRADE Instruction by Correspondence LAW Prepares for the Bar Four Courses: College, Post-Graduate, Business Law and Bar Examination Review. Improved Methods; Standard Text-books, Leading Cases; Lectures; Moot Court; Brief-Writing; Practice; Degrees. Classes begin on first and third Mondays. Actual daily lessons. Not a "book-selling concern" but a recognized Law School Approved by Bench and Bar Write today for Catalog giving the Rules for Admission to the Bar and showing the Require ments in each State. Chicago Correspondence School of Law 499 Reaper Block, Chicago PRINTFR Experienced in newspaper, book and job printing, wishes position as manager or instructor in printing. Married; strictly sober; A1 references. Write G. C. DENNIS 1 138 Carrollton Avenue Baltimore, McJ. A teacher of domestic science trained at Cheyney with a year and a half's experience in teaching wishes a position next year. She refers with permission to the principal of Cheyney and to the Editor of THE CRISIS. She can also assist in music. Address A. B. D., Care of The CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City HAVE YO U RACE PRIDE? Then you will want one or all of our New Photographs of Famous Negroes, just out. Beautiful large 12 x 14 pictures of Frederick Douglas, Booker T. Washington, Paul Lawrence Dunbar, Toussaint L'Ouverture, Sojurner Truth, Henry O. Tanner, Crispus Attucks, Alexandre Dumas, S. Coleridge Taylor, Richard T. Greener, and W. E. B. Du Bois. The finest pictures of their kind, heavily mounted, suitable for framing, or hanging unframed. 50c each, 6 for $2.25. Agents Wanted Everywhere DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES CO. 3548 Vernon Ave. (Dept. K) Chicago. ill (Trade Mark) Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 10 -No. 1 MAY, 1915 Whole No. 55 Along the Color Line MUSIC AND ART MME. ANITA PATTI BROWN •*• gave a concert in the City Hall auditorium of Dallas, Texas, and also at the City Hall at Waco. The local white paper alludes to her as a singer "with a voice that was sweet and musical and a modesty, refinement and culture that reflected great credit upon her race." A well attended concert for the benefit of the Howard Orphanage was held in New York City at the Lafayette Theatre. Dr. Katherine B. Davis and the Hon. Charles W . Anderson spoke, and the Tempo Club and others furnished the music. C The third annual concert of the Music School Settlement for Colored People in New York City was held at Carnegie Hall. This concert has become one of the musical events of the season. This year Roland W. Hayes sang, Ethel Richardson played and a chorus of 150 voices gave the first part of ColeridgeTaylor's "Hiawatha." C Mr. Percy Grainger, pianist of Australia, who has scored a triumph in America this season and proven his right to be reckoned with the world's great artists, gives a most interesting interview in the New York Evening Post concerning Negro music and the influence of the Negro idiom on English musicians. C " A Tale of Old Japan," ColeridgeTaylor's beautiful cantata after the poem by Alfred Noyes, was given a fine performance under the conductorship of Dr. Jules Jordan at the first concert of C The People's Choral Society of Philadelphia rendered Handel's oratorio of the "Messiah" at the ninth annual concert, March 4th. The chorus of 100 voices was assisted by Miss Abbie Mitchell, soprano, Miss Jean Kelly, contralto, Roland W . Hayes, tenor and Richard C. Clarke, bass. C ln a series of recitals at the State Normal School, Prairie View, Texas, Mme. Anita Patti Brown, soprano, Joseph Douglass, violinist and Carl Diton, pianist, have been presented to the pu pils. C " Aunt Sally," a song by Horace Clark written after the Negro idiom, shows the typical pentatonic inflections and is on the whole admirable. SOCIAL UPLIFT THE United States Census Bureau A reports that the death rate of Negroes of the United States decreased from 29.4 per thousand in 1900 to 25.5 in 1910. Returns, however, include only about one-fifth of the total Negro population. There has been a decrease in the death rate from tuberculosis and pneumonia. C At the sixth annual interscholastic track meet at Chicago the Rock Island High School won. Each of its twenty points was scored by Solomon Butler, a colored student. He took first place in the 60 yard dash, the 12 pound shot-put and the broad jump. In the 60 yard high hurdles he not only won first place but tied the world's record. the Narragansett Choral Society at ([ There is « report that over 50,000 Peace Dale, R. I. colored workingmen are in the ammuni THE tion plants of Great Britain and that without them the plants would be unable to cope with their work. C Richard Lonsdale Brown has given an exhibition of paintings in Washington at the residence of Mrs. Carrie W. Clifford. C The colored railway mail clerks of Chicago have formed an organization to affiliate with the National Postal Alliance. C Park facilities for colored people are to be furnished in E l Paso, Texas, and Lexington, Ky . C It is reported that Mrs. Hattie L.cash prizes offered by daily papers of that city for essays on economics and household hints. She also won third prize last fall at the Cleveland Flower and Garden Show. of health and one of the departments C Robert Gould Shaw House, theBoston Settlement, reports last year of $4,975. C The Mu-so-lit Club of Washington, D. C , entertained the Hon. Henry B. F. Macfarland, former Chairman of the Board of Commissioners at a recent meeting to discuss the fiscal affairs of the District. C The Phalanx Club of Chicago has a membership of 261 persons. It is organized for social uplift. C Dr. Charles W. Kerr, a colored man, has put the dental department of the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Boston out of business. The College was offering degrees which it had no right to confer. Dr. Kerr sued them and was awarded damages. C John Oneley, a 17 year old colored float driver of Brenham, Texas, saved the life of a white driver by stopping a runaway team. M MEETINGS A MAS S meeting was held in Brooklynous aspersions upon the colored race made by Prof. William S. Meyers, of Princeton, N . J. Meyers now says that he was partially misquoted. C Health Week was observed largely by colored people throughout the country. In Baltimore three days' sessions of  CRISIS C A t a recent dinner of the Socialist Press Club of New York City, race prejudice fore 500 diners. Among the speakers were Prof. Jacques Loeb, of theRockefeller Prof. Franz Boaz, of ColumbiaUniversity, Museum of Natural History and Henrietta Szold C The colored masons of Florida held their forty-fifth annual communication at Jacksonville. They had a large attendance. Matlock, of Cleveland, Ohio, has won fiv C The second annual educationalcongress Church in Tacoma, Washington. C The Southern Sociological Congress will hold its fourth annual session in Houston, Texas, May 8th to 11th. The general subject will be the conservation tota will be "Health and Race Relations." There will be about 60 speakers including several colored men. For information address, The Southern Sociological Congress, 323-6th Avenue, N., Nashville, Tenn. C The John Adams Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution held a meeting at the HotelBrunswick University was presented by a daughter of the founder. Musical selections were given by Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone and Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist. m EDUCATION IT is reported that the South Carolina A Legislature has passed a compulsory education law to go into effect July 1st. It has, however, a number of loopholes which will make it only partially appli to protest against the outrage cable to colored children. C Charles H . Houston, a colored senior of Amherst College, has been elected to the Phi Beta Kappa. C Gammon Theological Seminary has a new dining hall. C State teachers' associations have met in Louisville, Ky., Nashville, Tenn., and crowded meetings were held. At Richmond, Va., and at Hampton there were Montgomery, Ala. large meetings. C Dr. C. A. Smith, Professor of English in the University of Virginia, recently ALONG TH E COLOR LINE 	9 TROOP E, 9th CAVALRY, U. S. A., GUARDING THE BORDER AT DOUGLAS, ARIZONA addressed one of the literary societies of C Mr. Caesar Simmons has been apHampton Institute. pointed postmaster for Boley, Oklahoma. C The students of Hartshorn Memorial C It is reported that Sanders Cooper, a College have been celebrating the birthday of Miss Carrie B. Dyer who has colored man of Philadelphia, has been been a teacher there for more than 30 years. C In Little Rock, Ark., a portrait of Mrs. Charlotte E. Stephens has been unveiled in the Stephens School which is named after her. She has served more than 40 years in the city public schools. C In a recent contest for ten pathescope moving picture machines offered by The Washington Post, the William Lloyd Garrison School (colored) stood seventh with a total vote of 396,590. C The first school bank in the United States to be operated by students in colored schools was opened at theArmstrong Manual Training School afte Easter recess. A president, cashier and board of directors were elected. C Colored teachers will replace white teachers in the Richmond, Va., colored high school. C Mr. Richard R. Wright reports that the ignorance in the Mississippi Delta is appalling among Negroes, reaching in some counties 75 per cent, of illiteracy. Teachers are poorly prepared and receive not more than $18 or $25 a month. C A colored supervisor of elementary colored schools is proposed by a bill offered in the Tennessee Legislature. appointed official trumpeter at the San Francisco Exposition. C Miss Lydia Barksdale, a colored graduate nurse of the ProvidentHos war. She has charge of a number of white nurses. C W. B. Paterson, for 40 years head of the State Normal School for Teachers, at Montgomery, Ala., died recently in his 67th year. He was a Scotchman by birth. C Dr. Booker T. Washington made a tour through the state of Louisiana dur ing the month of April speaking at vari ous places. C The General Assembly of Illinois adjourned ou the late Major John C. Buckner, a for mer colored member. C Mrs. Carrie Langston, widow of the late John Mercer Langston, died recently in Washington at the age of 83. C Dr. C. T. Nichol, a colored dentist of Chicago, has recently been appointed dental inspector in the colored schools. C S. H . Hart, Jr., was admitted to the Bar of Jacksonville, Fla., standing at the head of 26 applicants. C Mrs. Elizabeth Kelley of Pittsburgh, Pa., celebrated her 86th birthday re cently. She is the mother of nine children C The Virginia Colored Teachers'Association reports that $42,000 has bee raised by colored people for their schools C Frederick D. McCracken, secretary to outside of regular taxes. 	Congressman Stephens, loses his position on account of the defeat of the Congressman the only colored man holding such a position. PERSONAL MRS. LEA H JONES who died recently in Little Rock, Ark., has left $1,600 for colored missions. She was a C The Rev. Preston Taylor hassubscribed colored member of the Lutheran church. A., Nashville, Tenn. 10 THE CYolande Du Bois finished her second term at Bedales School, Hants, England, and spent her Easter holidays with her mother in London. Mrs. Young, wife of Major Charles Young, U. S. A., joined Mrs. Du Bois about the same time with her children whom she had just removed from the Belgian war zone. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois is resting in Jamaica during the month of April. ([President B. F. Allen of Lincoln Institute has been re-elected by the Regents for two years. ([Through the efforts of lawyer W. A. Carter and others, the mayor of Cincinnati has declared that the examination of candidates for positions in the fire department of the city cannot be confined to colored men. CMrs . Eloise Bibb Thompson of Los Angeles, Cal., is making her mark as a staff writer on the Los Angeles Tribune. For several successive weeks she has had three column articles on Negro leaders and happenings in the colored world. CW . Randolph Granger, a New York colored boy, saved the day for Dartmouth in the relay race for teams of four men, each to run 1,000 yards, taking the first place from John W. Overton of Yale in a finish that brought all the partisan and non-partisan spectators to their feet cheering. The New Yorker, who represents the Irish-American Athletic Club during the summer, literally ran himself into the ground to breast the tape ahead of Overton, but he got there with five yards to spare. Then, to show that he was far from the collapsing condition in which he finished the 1,000-yard contest, he came back in the medley relay, and, running the final leg of 1,000 yards, gave Ted Meredith, the Pennsylvania champion, another great battle. CMr . W . M . Trotter, editor of the Boston Guardian, has been lecturing in New York, Louisville and elsewhere to large audiences. Si ECONOMICS T N the decade from 1900 to 1910 the *• number of homes owned by Negroes in the Southern states increased by 102,912 or 31.4 per cent.; this increase covering increase in farm homes of 30,449, CRISIS or 16.7 per cent., and in other homes of 72,463, or 49.8 per cent. Further figures are: total number of farm homes owned in the South 212,507; total number of other homes owned 217,942, grand total 430,449. This makes throughout the South an owned home to every twenty Negro inhabitants. In Texas there is an owned home to every twelve Negro inhabitants/ in Kentucky one for every thirteen; in Oklahoma one for every fourteen and in Florida one for every fifteen. CThe United Brothers of Friendship, a fraternal insurance organization of Texas, reports a total income of $39,300 for the last three months. CThe Odd Fellows of Arkansas have collected $93,700 in their insurance .department since October 1913. CSalena B. Reber has inherited from her godfather who recently died in Denver a fortune which amounts to nearly $100,000. CThe Clover Leaf Casualty Company, a white insurance company of Jacksonville, 111., has for the past two years been running its St. Louis office under the management of colored agents. Mr. J. J. Allen was the first district manager and has now been made state manager. E. Hawkins succeeds him. CWilliam H. Henderson, a colored preacher of Los Angeles, is said to be worth $100,000 made chiefly through the handling of real estate. He is at present promoting a religious movement which includes a stock company and a bank. CLiberty Theatre, owned and controlled exclusively by colored men, has been opened on Beale Avenue, Memphis. It is devoted to moving pictures. CSixty-one Negro railway mail clerks run out of St. Louis. Their salaries amount to over $90,000 a year. New-Orleans has about the same number while Atlanta has 90 clerks receiving over $130,000 a year. CThe Grand Lodge of the Knights of Pythias of South Carolina has paid $80,000 to deceased members in the last ten years. CJ- W. McCall has opened a dry goods store in Savannah, Ga. This is the second colored store of the kind in the city. 11 ALONG TH E COLOR LINE the campaign against German South Africa. C Sir Henry Lionel Galway, Governor of South Australia, in a recent public speech, depreciated the "Whit e Australia" policy, and urged the development of the Northern Territory by colored labor. He has become the object of sharp adverse comment. The Prime Minister declares that his words are a "grave officialindiscretion which canno be allowed to pass for a single day without protest." THE CHURCH MR. HENR Y SACHS writes us: "Before I left Colorado Springs for the winter, I drew your attention to the Home in the Springs, which was originally created b y the late Bishop Grant for superannuatedcolored ministers. THE COLORED ALABAMA PENNY SAVINGS BANK pointed out how neg lected that institution was. After coming C The Hatchett Electric Float Company to San Antonio I decided to visit the has been organized in Cleveland, Ohio, grave of the late Bishop Grant, who, as to manufacture several devices patented we all know, was not alone charitable by Andrew Hatchett, a colored electric throughout his life, but who left quite a contractor. fortune to charity and philanthropy. I was amazed to find that his executors had not yet after three years had elapsed erected any kind of a monument to mark FOREIGN his grave. THE land question in Rhodesia has • been submitted to the English Privy Council for adjudication. " I am enclosing herewith as evidence C The Consultative Committee of the picture of a monument which stands at South African Native Congress has been the head of his wife's grave and on my called into consultation on labor matters right in this picture is the Bishop's grave, for the government. Some of the natives marked only by a piece of board. It are to be used as drivers and laborers in seems to me a very unfitting way to TH E CRISIS property worth Thirty Thousand($30,000), colored children are said to be equal to the number of whites. And now from this Million Dollar Bond Issue we are only to get One Hundred FifteenThousand equipments. If you are fair minded, contrast the present comfortable buildings for whites, with the broken down shacks used by colored children and then you will agree with us in this contention." • C During a meeting of educators in Cincinnati certain of the meetings were held at the Hotel Sinton which is owned by the wife of ex-President Taft. Colored delegates were not allowed to use passenger elevators. C The Los Angeles Times conducted a women's subscription contest with automobiles for prizes. It announced that "no colored ladies are eligible." ([ When Peter Bell, a Negro lawyer, appeared at the Camden County Superior Court, South Carolina, he had to be pro THE NEGLECTED GRAVE OF THE LATE tected by the sheriff as the white natives BISHOP GRANT had never seen a colored lawyer. C White citizens of St. Louis are trying accomplished people." mark the grave of a man who hadto have so much for his the entrance to the colored high C The Union Wesley A. M. E. Zion school changed to a less conspicuous Church, Twenty-third Street,Washington, recently dedicated new street.  a mammothCarnegie organ. A prominent organist C Oklahoma is talking of changing her played and Bishop Walters made an address. car with  the This church boasts that it is "Jim-Crow" law in accordancefirst church in this section to receive the supposed views of the Supreme such a gift from Mr. Carnegie. Court. C The colored citizens of Detroit sent a C It is reported from Tuskegee that the wreath to the bier of Father Charles accommodations for colored people at O. Reilly, a much esteemed Catholic the San Francisco Exposition will be priest. poor. M CRIME THE lynchings since our last record THE GHETTO have been as follows: THE colored people of Jacksonville, Alexander Hill, Brooksville, Miss. Fla., are opposing the school bond —murder. issue. Out of a bond issue of $1,000,000 Pink Goodson, Hickory, N . C,—living for schools, the city is proposing to appropriate only $115,000 to colored peoThe wife and child of Joe Perry, ple. The colored people say that this is Henderson, N . C , were killed and Perry "unjust, outrageous and inequitable."' and his brother probably fatallywounded—reason They add: "As example of the partiality shown Six residents of West Philadelphia us in the past, the white schools now have been haled to court for riot last have property worth One Million($1,000,000), while the colored only have November for trying to get rid of the Negro householder. MEN of the MONTH .WILLIAM WILBERFORCE AN ABOLITIONIST in the English House of Commons after ON the 12th of May, 1789,Wilberforce returned to William  his seat a serious illness. He found that his life work of stopping the African slave trade TH E CRISIS had been carried on by the great William Pitt. Wilberforce threw himself into the work with renewed energy. Year after year he introduced his motion to abolish the slave trade. Year after year he was defeated. It was not until 1807 that the motion finally passed and the abolition of slavery in English colonies did not come until a month after the death of Wilberforce, which took place in 1833 in the 74th year of his age. Our illustration represents him in the prime of young manhood, just as his life work was beginning. A COUNSELLOR EDWARD GREENE was born in Naugatuck, Conn., in 1882. His parents early moved to Ohio where he was educated in the public schools and at the Case School of Applied Science. Afterward he entered the Law School of Western Reserve University and was admitted to the Bar in 1907. During his LIZABETH NEILL high school and college course he was noted as a football player. In 1909 he was appointed enrolling clerk of the Ohio Senate and in 1915 was made Special Counsel in the office of the Attorney General of Ohio. A PERFECT BABY OF 379 babies entered in theWashington, contest nine were awarded prizes or certificates. Of these Elizabeth Neill, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. James L. Neill, 906 T Street, N . W., made an average of 99% and was awarded a first prize certificate. Of the babies in her division (one year old or under) only one made a higher average and one other equalled the average of Elizabeth. The daily press of the city in reporting the outcome of the contest took pains to say that Elizabeth Neill was the "best colored baby." The fact is there was only one contest, one standard by EDWARD GREENE which all the babies were judged, and MEN OF THE MONTH IS one set of judges. The average of 99% and the certificate which went with it were won not in a contest with colored babies only, but with 379 babies, most of whom were white, some colored and at least one Chinese. a few years ago, after spending twenty years as a missionary for the Southern Presbyterian Church in the Belgian Congo, many of his friends felt sure that African labors and hardships had incapacitated him from further service. The story of Dr. Sheppard's brave A PHILANTHROPIST and successful attacks on the chartered MRS. ELLE N BRANSFORD, an Belgian rubber companies that had com ex-slave, died recently at Little mitted unspeakable atrocities among the Rock, Arkansas, aged 74 years; she left helpless Africans is a matter of histori her entire savings of $6,000 to the Lutheran Church for religious and educational work among cal record. That Dr. Sheppard has Colored Lutheran Church in the United "come back" physically is a genuine States, organized July 3, 1878 at Little gain for the South. Today Dr. Sheppard Rock. The church has been without a some notably constructive social uplift pastor of its own for 21 years. Pastor work for his people. He is working in A . H . Poppe of the whiteEnglish-German Lutheran Church officiated at her sympathetic co-operation with Rev. John funeral and the choir of his church Little and other southern white men and rendered suitable songs. The February women. issue of the Lutheran Pioneer and of the Missionstaube contained extended obituaries of this consistent christian. Bransford never had a picture of herWilliam H . Sheppard was born in self taken. Waynesboro, Virginia, in 1865. He found his way to Hampton in the early eighties and there received the inspiration his fellowmen. Then followed hard years in carrying the gospel and ideas of education to the natives of Central Africa. Whether facing hostilecannibalM inated by the will of King Leopold, Dr. A MISSIONARY Sheppard has displayed courage,patience WHE N Rev. Dr. William H .Sheppard, Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, returned to America WILLIAM H. SHEPPARD OPINION THE RIGHT TO WORK RACIAL IT is curious to see how the ECONOMICS problem ofdisfranchisement is more andcoming the problem of work in the South. There was a time when these were supposed to represent opposite poles of thought and aim. Let us fol primary is a perpetual institution in low, however, some recent southern arguments. The Columbia State is not satisfied over the present disfranchisement laws of South Carolina. It says: "The main qualifications for suffrage in the State constitution of 1895 are that the applicants for registration shall be able to read and write any section of the constitution or show that he has paid taxes on property assessed for taxation at $300 or more. "According to the census of 1910, there were 20,372 Negro farm owners in the State and, presumably, practically The Newark (N. J.) Evening News all of these pay taxes on property assessed at as much as $300. Many Negroes in in and lots in towns and cities and a few pay taxes on personal property assessed at $300. "About 38 per cent, of the Negroes in the State are illiterates. The remaining 62 per cent, are literate, more or less. "It is conservative to say that at least 40,000 or 50,000 of 172,000 Negro males of voting age in the State can not be prevented legally from obtaining registration certificates." "If the Negro man were desirable in Even if these intelligent coloredproperty holders register, they vote, for, as the State continues: "With one accord our political leaders insist that no white man shall be prevented from voting in the primary and, so long as the primary is the election that elects, there is nothing to induce the illiterate or propertyless white man to fit himself to be a legal elector. These same leaders, most of them, refuse to press for a compulsory school attendance law and so they consent to the growing more be up of thousands of white men in illiteracy. "Of course, the politicians with the foreknowledge that the solid white man's South Carolina may answer that increase of poverty and illiteracy of white men would not hurt or affect their political position. Some of them, for all we know, have had a supernatural revelation that not ten or twenty years in the future or at any time will the white party split, and that never will the literate and taxpaying Negroes seek to register. A t this moment, however, the nationalRepublican with an incentive to register by making representation in national Republican conventions dependent on the number of votes polled in Congressional elections." adds: "It would be a remarkable illustration of 'hoist with its own petar' if the very measures taken to insure white supremacyoperate to overthrow it." Signs multiply that tell us that the South is rapidly making up its mind that economic suppression must be added to political disfranchisement if the Negro is to be kept in his place. Riley Hale says in the Macon (Ga.) Telegraph: canno every other respect, he would not be undesirable spot in the southern attitude toward the Negro, which gives it so little convincing weight with the outside world. It is the failure of southern statesmen and publicists to grasp the fact that the political least important feature; that it is the in OPINIONS 17 and simple people, a good deal quicker industrial and economic blight of his physical presence, and worst of all the psychic on the trigger than they arc in their environment for the white race which sense of fair play, these white laborers should cause them disquietude, that have organized themselves as night-riders an makes thoughtful students of the probtask of driving the Negroes out. Notices lem everywhere turn from them with have been put up at various points adimpatient—sometimes contemptuous, invising the Negroes to leave, and then credulity." these night-riders go about after dark shooting up a Negro house here and a The New York Evening Post says: Negro house there and thus emphasizing "The difficulties that confront the law-the printed words. The purpose of these abiding Negro in the South steadily inhighly civilized proceedings is to raise crease. A bill to prevent thewages of reduce by any railroad for white employment Negroes and rents the in North Carolina, veiled under a literacy men, and in this economic sense, and in test, is before the Legislature of that no other, there is a race war now going State. Although only a few hundred on in Misssouri. With fewer hands to the railroads big farms promised in to Negroes are so employed, andwork on the a rise in 1910 not wages  colored employees, the unions now want all of thes the percentage of theircan be demanded, and with fewerpersons jobs for white men. In Christian and down. It is as simple as falling off a Crittenden Counties, Kentucky, a fresh log, and all because one man is white set * of 'hooligans'—so the Louisville and another man is black. Courier-Journal calls them—are driving out the Negroes. These miscreants, that newspaper asserts,, are the direct successors of the night-riders, whose lawlessness by the State a few years ago. It points "We say that the Negroes mustimprove out that the colored people, who are in but we are careful not to add that they a small minority, are respectable and must also see to it that they do law-abiding and innocent of any ofnot use their improved qualities in fence." those fields, which the white man wishes to occupy as his own. The white man first is the rule, and then if there is any thing left over the black man—and this with occasional and incidental personal exceptions here and there, is the rule for the Negro race. The Hartford (Conn.) Courant which may blame itself for a good deal of "These night-riders in the southeast wrong-heeded advice to Negroes concorner of Missouri are merely carrying cerning the unimportance of the ballot the general rule pretty far, and no doubt and the all-sufficiency of property is bethey are acting in accordance with the ginning to see things a bit straighter. ethics of civilization that prevail in their "There are Negro laborers on the neighborhood. But blue is blue even if farms of Missouri, and also whitelaborers.it is a dark shade of blue, and substantially and Some of the land-owneri there have little houses or cottages to rule is the general rule of this country. rent, and presumably a very decent patch The Negroes have fully demonstrated in of ground goes each ofthese later years blacks that whites they have the capa with these cottages. Both and hire these houses, the only question probably city to make of themselves goodmechanics, being as to the ability of the tenant to men. In those parts of the South where come up regularly with his rent. It apthey are numerous enough to maintain pears now that the white agricultural in fair degree the normal right of every hands think their wages too low and American citizen to do, in an honorable their house-rents too high, and they way, whatever he is capable of doing, have made it out to their own satisfacthey have brought these qualities to the tion that the Negroes are responsible for proof. The only question that is still both of these conditions. Being a rude unsettled, in regard to their future, is 18 THE as to whether or not our white people will give them a fair field in which to use their new accomplishments. This has not been and is not the white man's habit." A POEM ON THE NEGRO VACHEL Colored readers may be re-LINDSAY'S pelled at first at Lindsay's CONGO great poem but it is, in its spirit, a splendid tribute with all its imperfections of spiritual insight. In a private letter Lindsay says: " 'Congo, Congo, Congo, Congo, Congo, Congo' I said to myself. The word began to haunt. It echoed with the war drums and cannibal yells of Africa. It seemed the perfection of tone color. "I had a new poem! I thought it over, walking home. It was all sketched, including the principal refrains, before 1 in the afternoon and time for Sunday dinner. It took me two months at least to write it, and another month to learn to recite it. "But that Sunday morning it wasIn addition, before night I had a list of colors for my palette—gobs of yellow, red and black paint. Here is my color list: "I had browsed through Stanley's 'Darkest Africa' when a boy. There was stamped on the back, if you remember, a great black solid silhouette of Africa, with one gleaming river crawling through the Congo that Stanley had explored. I wanted to give that silhouette. And I wanted to give the word Congo such a setting that it would convey the same weird thrill I had feltMountains of the Moon. Both the race and the mountains had been thought legendary before his time. "I had seen the dances of the Dahomey Amazons at the Chicago fair when I was a boy. I wanted to reiterate the word Congo, and get some Dahomey into it. Among my notes were songs used by Williams and Walker before Walker died. Do you remember 'In my castle on the River Nile I'm going to live in elegant style, baboon butler to guard the door, diamond carpet on the floor?' Then there was a song 'My Zulu Babe,' CRISIS where Williams as the buck and Walker as the lady used to appear in black tights and brief ostrich-feathered skirts and go prancing in and out of the stage jungle in a mock wooing. They magicallyconveyed whole white audience turned into jungle savages and yelled with a sort of gorilla delight. "It was the Africa of the romantic Negro's imagination, a scrap of black grand opera, if not the actual Africa. Did I put all these things into my poem? No. But some of these things helped, with their implications, whispers, echoes. I hoped to imply Joseph Conrad'sfatalistic Darkness.' I reached for the spiritual African fever he shows us there, that is sure death to the soul. In my devices and settings for such phrases as 'Mumbo Jumb him consciously in mind. "Way back in 1908 I had attempted several magazine articles, just after the Springfield anti-Negro riots. Those riots shook my young soul then as much as outlined in substance as you read it today. the war in Europe has done. It was my first revelation of the savagery of the white man. On the word of one white liar, who afterward confessed, a whole Negro street was burned and many black people killed, and there were two brutal lynchings of innocent Negroes in three days, the second while the town was full of state militia. M y magazine articles about this were very properly rejected. But I wanted to do better in rhyme. I wanted to bear such testimony as I could as to what was learned in that dreadful time and vindicated those studies. overStanley's discovery of the Pigmies and "What might be called the intellectual outline of the poem: The Basic Savagery of the Negro, His High Spirits, and Minstrelsy and the Hope of His Religion, in preparing those articles. Just after the riots I had talked with our two colored lawyers interminably, and I had asked a list of questions of a select group of ten colored preachers, and compiled results. An d I had interviewed endless 'prominent citizens' among the whites. Their answers to the same questions were in startling contrast to the first compilation. "The next winter one of my lectures 19 OPINIONS for the Springfield Y . M . C . A . was "the white race than this is about the black." Negro: his contribution to ourcitizenship; sorrow-songs, minstrelsy,vaudeville, Rabbi Stephen S. Wise said in a recent sermon: "Most serious of all is the circum"One of the studies I made at that time stance that this play constitutes a dehas recently appeared in the Negromagazine TH E CRISIS, in the issue fo liberate attempt to deepen and justify vember, 1914. It is called 'The Golden-within the hearts of men the more or faced People.' Then I had in my list less instinctive prejudices which it is the some of the things 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' business of an enlightened democracy meant, and the emancipation proclamaceaselessly to challenge and to combat. tion. I had in mind the affair of Coatsville, but the Pa., and the other burnings alive of  author and the producers If had  as Negroes, some of them guilty Negroes, many of them innocent. I put in my list the songs of Stephen Collins Foster. I put in the list my memories of 'The Souls of Black Folk,' that beautiful tragic book by the black leader W. E. B. Du Bois. I might add, for the other side of the picture, that I had seen on Eleventh Avenue, New York, north from Fifty-ninth Street, many saloons where the Negroes seemed eight feet high and the degraded white men who waited upon them about four feet high, and they all drank liquor not served from the bar, but from barrels piled high against the wall in gloomy grandeur. Going through a score of these barrel-houses in one evening, on behalf of a certainreligious institution, I accumulated "If thirty or forty years Europe impression that remains with me yet, and shall remain for many a day to come." m TOM DIXON'S "CLANSMAN" A CONTEMPTI- Of the "Reverend" Tom BLE SLANDER Dixon's latest attack on colored people, Jane Addams says: "The producer seems to have followed and ineradicable poisoning of race pre the principle of gathering the most vicious and grotesque individuals he could find among colored people, and showing them as representatives of the truth about the entire race," she said in describing her impressions of the play. "It is both unjust and untrue. The same method could be followed to smirch the reputation of any race. For instance, it would be easy enough to go about the slums of a city and bring together some of the criminals and degenerates, and take pictures of them purporting to show the character of the white race. It would no more be the truth about the the courage to declare that of which I accuse them, of designing to foster hate and to intensify prejudice, to make it impossible for two races to live side by side in this republic upon the basis of peace and good-will, one could almost respect their frankness and courage and not be moved to despise them for their cowardice "The general effect of the play is to present the Negro of a generation ago as a foul and murderous beast. Therefore, I call this play a crime against two races. The men who are responsible for it are coining prejudice and bitterness and every unholy instinct of men into money. a agohad set her face like flint against the initial causes which inevitably brought about the campaigns that ultimately ended in war, the war that now is upon us need never have been fought. The time to protest is not when race assassination has do that is now, when an attempt is deliberately made to foment it. It may become too late; and if too late and we have been silent, the blood will be upon our own heads, for we shall have suf fered the soul of our city and our nation to be poisoned day by day by the fatal judice and race assassination." The Brooklyn Standard Union says: "If a whole race, other than the Negro race, were slandered as the Negroes are slandered in the current moving picture play, it would not run two nights in New York or in any other city. If a college professor should attack the morality of the women of any race, other than the Negro race, as a college professorslandered Brooklyn not long ago, he would not long be either a lecturer or a college pro 20 THE fessor. Baiting the Negro and attributing to a whole class of people, all the evils that minds of a certain type can think of, has been prevalent in many parts of the country for some time. It will be disgusting and discreditable if such should become the sentiment of this community. It is gratifying to the self-respect of New York that the nearest approaches to this sort of thing that have been experienced here did not originate here." Why are Negroes despised? Read this from the St. Louis Republic, March 28th: NEGRO AT CITY CLUB TALKS, DOES NOT EAT MAJ. R. R. MOTON HAD BEEN PETITIONED BY OWN RACE NOT TO DINE WITH WHITES St. Louis business men forgot their work for two hours at the City Club yesterday noon when Maj. R. R. Moton, Negro commandant of HamptonInstitute, near Old Point Comfort, addresse areas scheduled as native reserves are at them, following a score of songs by the Hampton Quartet. Maj. Moton arrived late, having been detained by a delegation of Negroes who insisted that he should not eat at the City Club. He did not eat at the club, but he made his address, which was received with considerable applause. Maj. Moton is a real Negro and is proud of it. He believes the Negro should be trained to work with his hands and told of the work Hampton Institute is doing along that line. 'Is this story of pitiable cowardice and utter lack of self-respect true? We trust not but we fear.' ga THE LAND FORCING Alice Werner, in the Daily POVERTY News (London, Eng.), thus ON BLAC K summarizes the provisions of FOLK the South African land act against which the natives are protesting: "Certain areas are to be set aside as native reserves, within which no nonnative can rent or buy any land what CRISIS ever, 'except with the approval ofGovernor-General.' "Outside those areas no nativeacquire any land, either by hire orthe Governor's approval. " A Commission is appointed underAct to inquire and report as to the may purchase, the  land which may be reserved as part either of the native or non-native areas. A •Schedule of Native Areas' is printed as an appendix to the Act; presumably the inquiries of the Commission are with a view to supplementing these. "It is nowhere expressly stated in the Act that natives are not to live outside the scheduled areas unless working for an employer, but this is virtually implied in the prohibition to rent or purchase land, which therefore deprives them of all freedom of contract as regards wages. It appears also that 'the native is not in practice permitted to leave the farm on which he labours, in order to seek work at higher wages elsewhere, unless he can obtain a written permit from his master.' "Whatever the result of theCommission's present far too small. The total area of land in the South African Union is given as 142,000,000 morgen. Out of this, the four million natives have 11,000,000 morgen assigned them; the remaining 131,000,000 are in the occupation of 1,250,000 whites. "Not only was the Act carried through the House somewhat hastily; it has been put into execution with equal or greater haste, and evictions have been taking place on a large scale. It is probable that there will shortly be serious distress in Natal, where nearly half a million natives are living on private farms. Many of these are under notice to quit at the end of the harvest—viz., in July or August, and the Natal locations are now filled to overflowing. Mr . H . M . Meyler. one of the members for Natal, said in the House on May 13: 'There was nowhere to go, and the alternative was that the rents went up 25 per cent, and the Natives Land Act was used to rackrent these people. . . . These people, whose natural place was on the land, were going to be, or thought they were going to be, forced into industrial places.' OPINIONS 21 "Perhaps they have some excuse for thinking that the real intention behind the Act is to divorce them from the land and drive them into wage-slavery." This is certainly not overstating the case. Turn now to the thoughts of a white southern farmer, J. O. Prude, exfarms twenty-one per cent, of the Negroes tional farms. pressed in the Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser. "After the civil war an idea was "The ratio for the State of Georgia is seven to thirty-eight per cent, in favor of Negro purchasers of land. "From these facts I would conclude: In the South the Negro land owner is a menace to the moral and social status of the South." lodged in the minds of the mostunprejudiced, profound thinkers along this Reedy's Mirror, a white paper of St. line, that the Negro land owners in the rural districts would become the best and most useful Negro citizens. This has proven to be a mistake. The more property they have accumulated and the better educational advantages they have enjoyed have rendered them either intentionally or unconsciously the most dangerous element to the social well being of the community. Why ? "There are Negroes in Negro rural communities, and also Negro families sandwiched in with small land owners and white tenants who are superior in intellect and property to these white farmers for the reason that no small white farmer who is intelligent and possesses a reasonable amount of property will consent to have a Negro as an undesirable neighbor. Thus the ignorant and low tenant class of white farmers are left as immediate neighbors and as •Negroe exaction o time goes on they become perfectly callous and indifferent as to conditions. The social barriers are broken down— children play together, and thegrownups exchange visits; both men an women sit around each others firesides without race distinction. "This leads to borrowing and paying back farm implements, meat, lard, flour and a hundred other things that bring them close together. I know of one instance where a white widow borrowed from her next door Negro neighbor, who was a Negro preacher, money to make her crop, and executed a crop lien mortgage for the payment of same. Small white farmers are selling their lands at half value every day toaway from Negro settlements, andsustain these facts, that where ninecent, of white farmers in the StateAlabama have bought and paid get per  of Louis, says: "Out upon the proposal nowindustriously Negroes in this city. Segregation is a punishment. The community can only punish for crime. It is no crime to be born black. And there is no way by which we can deprive a Negro of his property, wherever located, without due process of law. The cry that Negroes ruin neighborhoods is a false one. Neighborhoods are ruined, generally speaking, before Negroes enter them. They are ruined by real estate speculation luring residents to newer regions and by the refusal of landlords to keep property in such repair as will hold white tenants. We can't begin segregatingcourse that will end in our segregating 'poor whites.' We can't segregateNegroes where they will be subjected to theis the desire of some mighty sorry specimenscan look down upon." for ful Negro farmers have been murdered for the new crime of land-owning. The The Baltimore Evening News winces at Dr. H . S. McCard's arraignment of segregation. It says: "Economics sent the Negro to the cheapest possible dwellings. Segregation merely keeps him there." It concludes: "If the city chooses to worship to the extent it does at the shrine of real estate values, then part of the ceremony must be study, instruction, watchfulness, helpful supervision, and very careful care of the colored sick." Negroes are the purchasers. Statistics will In North Carolina the campaign of Poe, the latest Negro-baiter, is bearing its natural fruit. In two counties peace TH E CRISIS "The colored flat-dweller, who pays Charlotte Observer (white) calls the a yearly rental of $108.00 at $9.00 per agitation a "developing menace" and month gives his landlord $97.36 and the says: city receives $8.64. "It is no excuse that harm was not in tended to the colored man or his wife, "The colored man who rents a house but that it was merely an attempt to for $12.00 per month or $144.00 per scare him from the neighborhood. He year pays his landlord $133.48 and the owned the home in which he was slain city $11.52. and he had the right to live there in "The colored man who lives in a peace and safety, so long as he conducthouse in Norfolk for which he pays a ed himself as a law-abiding citizen. The rental of $15.00 per month or $180.00 mob had as much right to scare him as per year pays his landlord $165.60 and it had to kill him. pays the city $14.40. "The Observer is in agreement with "Norfolk's population is now estimatedMr. Garren in his theory as to the incolored. This would give usapproximatelyciting cause. When, a few nights ago, 8000 houses or flats. As coloredpropertythe home of a Negro in Vance County say that 6000 of these families are renters. was set on fire and the man and members of his family killed, this paper drew per month or a total of $960,800.00. the inference that behind that crime was From this yearly rental from 6000 cola feeling born of the segregation idea. ored families the city should receive The Catawba County case, following so $76,800.00 in taxes. closely, tended to strengthen that impression. By force of habit, some papers may refer to these occurrences as 'unfortunate.' That does not fit the case. They were wantonly wicked, and each one brought public shame upon the community in which it was perpetrated. "Now then, what does the colored If it is true that these occurrences are rentpayer receive from the city of Norfolk? the outgrowth of the segregationpropaganda, that fact should be only the more reason why the hand of the law "H e gets streets to walk upon but they should be felt in its utmost severity at are not paved in the sections in which this time, that the spirit in which it is he is segregated. He gets sewers and bred may be stamped out in its incipiency. In He these occurrences limited may be seen  for water. gets protectiona developing menace to the social and his life and property, policemen and firemen moral conditions in North Carolina, and assault, • robbery or disaster, but in case one that should cause those charged with of either, the policeman is on another the administration of the laws grave beat and the fireman cannot reach his concern. The Observer has always held home on account of unpaved streets in that segregation of the races is a thing the section in which he is segregated. of ultimate achievement, not by statute process, but through the operation of "He gets limited schools for his chilmoral and natural laws." dren and there are three thousand un able to gain admission to these, on ac count of over-crowded conditions. "There is no building o f equipment provided for the education of his chil dren above the seventh grade. S3 "His health is not safeguarded but TAXES there is an alms house provided for the WHO PAYS The Norfolk Journal and care of the poor and the healing of the THEM Guide, a colored paper, has sick. this excellent economic argu "H e is not provided with any parks or ment : zoological gardens or recreation centers "The colored man who rents a flat in of any kind. He is disfranchised and is Norfolk for $7.00 per month or $84.00 not permitted to participate in the elecper year, pays his landlord $77.28 and tions that are arranged 'at which you the city gets $6.72. may elect your mayor and aldermen.' 23 OPINIONS "It is possible that the humble rent-payer and producer of wealth will receive his just proportion of municipal benefits in Norfolk when the public conscience is awakened to the exact relation of the rentpayer to the community." THE NEGRO VOTER NAIV E The Richmond Virginian TESTIMONY (white) says: "Before passing the bill repealing the law which makes unpaid capitation taxes a lien on real estate, the Senate will do well to make up its mind as to what course it will pursue with regard to the bill already passed by the House, which provides machinery for the collection of the two million in back taxes, and declare not only that unpaid taxes shall constitute a lien on real estate, but on personal property as well. The Virginian has already expressed its belief that these taxes should be collected if there is any possible way of doing so without subjecting the State to the danger of additions to the Negro voting list. Those who favor the collection bill point out that as these taxes cannot be collected until they are three years old and that no man is eligible to vote whose taxes have not been paid for three years preceding the election in which he desires to vote, the bill will not open any loopholes. This argument is met by the contention that a man who pays any very large amount of back taxes will pay the full amount, including the three ment that the additional three years will constitute, for most Negroes, too heavy an expense, and that even were it paid registration of the Negro voters would be necessary, which would be adequately handled by the registrars." Note the "adequately handled by the registrars"! Si A LOVER OF CHILDREN A PLEASINGINCIDENT papers: years which will be necessary for voting. This in turn is met with the state of plants for those who found the way reward what was remarkable to him was that of all the children who came none failed to be courteous to one another and to him. H . Abbott, living inChattanooga, wrote recently to the daily  The Playground reports  that a white man, Edward "A n Open Letter to Girls and Boys Who Go to School: "Dear Children—Out at my house on Lindsay street, by the river, I have dug up about five hundred roots of my iris plants that I want you to come and get and plant in your yards. I want to make it easy for a lot of people to have some furnishing flags." While the invitation of Edward A . Abbott to go to his home and get a supply of flower roots and bulbs was extended to all the school children in the city, and while the response was gratifying to him, so far as numbers were concerned, the children from the colored schools did not avail themselves of the opportunity offered. Now Mr. Abbott extends an invitation to all colored school children—and to them only—to appear at his home at 8 o'clock tomorrow morning and get supplies of the roots and bulbs. "The great fun I've had in giving away 350 bags of iris and lily plants to the school children has been marred by the disappointment of a host of colored young folks who came to my house too late and too numerous to share in last Saturday's distribution. I was prepared for 200 of the young garden enthusiasts, but was not fixed for the 300 or 400 who answered my call to get 'next to the ground.' "To repair, as far as possible, the disappointment of these children and toanother raid on my iris and lily beds and have made ready another hundred bags to my place, but went away empty-handed. So, only those who were here last Saturday and got no plants, are expected to come next Saturday to help me repair the damage a big lot of disappointed children may have suffered at my hand because I under-estimated the number of people who want to plant and raise something good to look at. Come after 8 and before 9. "EDWARD A. ABBOTT." About 42,000 iris and 1,000 lily bulbs were distributed, and Mr . Abbott says TH E CRISIS OUR DEATH RATE BETTER A year ago we called attention HEALT H to the untruth spread by Charles Stetzle concerning the increase of the Negro death rate. The figures for 1910 are a further refutation. The New York Evening Post says: "The figures given in our Washington correspondence of Tuesday on theof the home-ownership-rate of the Negro population, especially in the Southern States, are decidedly encouraging. Un of the exact significance of the reduction in the death-rate, for it must always be remembered that this is connected with age-distribution; it may be that part of the reduction is due to a lower birthrate total of infant deaths. No such doubt applies to the extent of the gain in homeowned by Negroes in the Southern States increased by 102,912 in the ten years from 1900 to 1910 is on its face a remarkable fact; that this was an increase of more than 31 per cent, makes it more remarkable. But when it is added that this gain of 31 per cent, in the number of homes was made while the total colored population of the Southern States increased less than 10 per cent., we see how marked must be the advance in well-being and in standards of living, that has taken place. With all the drawbacks that Negro progress has labored under, the upward movement of the race, decade after decade, has been such as to justify the most persistent and hopeful effort to Mexican wounded. til the full statement of the Census Bureau is at hand, it is not safe to judge out finest in the treatment of the Mexican wome protectors. When the dirty, miserable refugees themselves, were too indifferent to clean up the quarters in the opera house, the soldiers did the cleaning and did the best they could to keep conditions sanitary. Troop B, Ninth Cavalry, comdecreasemanded by of the Capt. death-rate B. and the is W . Cowin, increase  in charge at the opera house. Yesterday was a busy day for them, as they had to look after arranging quarters for the home promote its material, moral, andintellectual advancement." m CULTURE RACIAL We append three clippings without TRAITS comment. "Though they have seen six of their fellow troopers shot by Mexicans, in one or two instances it seemed deliberately, not once, so far as I am aware, have the United States troopers yielded to the natural temptation to violate orders and shoot back across the line. "The behavior of the troopers stands "The record of the Ninth and the Tenth Cavalry troopers at Naco is undoubtedly a credit to their regiments." with its accompaniment of a smaller From a white Douglass (Ariz.), daily. (The Ninth and Tenth Cavalries are owning. That the number of colored.) "We should all work for peace and reconciliation. Let us all cry out until the call of the White Race is heard above the din of battle, till the leaders lend their ears and the soldiers drop their arms and become citizens and friends once more. "Rally around the standard of the White Race. That is the call which will appeal to all the fighting Nations of Europe with one exception; that is the appeal which should be made, and be made before it is too late." From the Crucible, Richmond, Va., "A n organ for the promotion of a better understanding of Germany by the people of the United States." "What shall we think even of our own culture which permits a Native Land Act to be passed without any qualms of conscience? Culture! There is no cultured tured Englishmen, cultured Frenchmen, cultured Japanese, cultured men and women in every race in the world, but no cultured nation." A . P. O. (A colored South African paper.) MISCELLANEOUS "Who invented ice cream? "According to an old clipping from the St. Louis Globe-Democrat, ice cream, the world-famous American dessert, was invented by a Negro named Jackson. OPINIONS "The latter kept a small confectionery store in the early eighties, down in the sleepy old home of the most famous ice cream in the country, namely Philadelphia. "Jackson used to make a specialty of making cold custards for the ladies and gentlemen who used to frequent his store in the summer months. He found that it was easy to thoroughly chill the custard by placing it on ice for a few hours. Experimenting further he found that by covering a vessel full of custard completely in broken ice for some hours, the custard became a semi-frozen mass which was most cooling and delicious. So successful was he with his frozen custards that he used to sell it for $1.00 per quart. His product brought him a he feels and thinks it will be of greatest value to the nation and government of which he is a part. ****** "No man can predict what the Negro woman will do with her vote. The intelligence with which they are surrounded and the interest they take in the affairs with which they are identified gives cause to expect from them nothing less than that which reason and common sense and good judgment will direct. Why should the author of the statement presume that the ignorance of the women of any other race will direct them to vote for one or the other party and the great body of Negro women will be pressed and jammed into any one Republican booth. It is high time that both Republicans and fortune and although he had many imitators none of them were as successful realize that the Negro is not asleep." as Jackson, as his custards were superior in flavor to any others." Wilmington (Del.) Every Evening. m M Four portrait heads of ancientEgyp "I notice in your editorial of Thursday last, on 'Partisanship and Equal be sent to the Boston Museum of Fine Suffrage,' you attempted to point out the condition which will defeat the proposed amendment to the State Constitution so as to extend suffrage to women. In so doing you dared to make the statement that in the granting of the suffrage to women, the State will gain 10,000 added votes from colored women, and 'all the Negro women, with rarewould solidly support theparty and its candidates.'upon to defend the womenagainst such a statement. exceptions,  Republican I feel called  of my race  It is nothing short of an insult to their intelligence. The majority of the women who will use the ballot, if it is given to them, are not of the class who will vote blindly at the behest of some party leader. The editor may be informed, if he does not possess such knowledge, that the Negro man or woman is no longer a tool to any political party. The times have passed when the Negro finds himself bound and gagged to any political party or machine. The knowledge the Negro is in possession of makes him free to cast his vote where Arts, according to word just received from Dr. George A. Reisner, in charge of explorations for the museum in Egypt. They are part of a group of eight unearthed in a pit previously examined by a European archaeologist, and supposed to have been exhausted. Four will be placed in the museum at Cairo. "The importance of these portraits," writes' Dr. Reisner, "from the artistic, the historical, and the merely human point of view, makes the group a find almost equal to the group of statues found in the Mycerinus temples. The men and women whose faces they show us had spoken with Cheops and Chephren, pyramids in building." Dr. Reisner thinks that some of these portraits support the theory, hitherto advanced, that the Egyptian rulers of the fourth dynasty, 2900-2750 B. C , had Negro blood. One of the heads of a princess he describes as "of a distinctly negroid type."—N. Y . Evening Post. "THE CRISIS IS COME!" The Crisis EDITORIAL The Crisis PEACE THE various efforts toward peace show with singular unanimity either the utter inability or the determined refusal of the peace advocates to con sider race prejudice as the prime cause of the present world war. The Holland Peace Movement, founded October 8th, notes ten points of proposed agreement for the overthrow of war. These points include closer co-operation among"European" powers, arbitration among"civilized" animosity between "nations." But not in which the Republican vote was not less than 7,500. In this way the Republican Party majority of its Negro representatives from the South in the NationalConvention. time to hear the comment of colored Republicans on this procedure. M THE FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT A CORRESPONDENT asks us "in view of the explicit and imperative a word about race hatred and the rulership of the colonies for the profit of Europe. So too, the American Truth Society in Munich protests against the introduction of Japan to this European war which, as it says, "involves a M THE REPUBLICANS VERY quietly and on tiptoe the Republican Party has completed itsdisfranchisement ofdelegates in the South. On February 1st Mr. that the disfranchisement proposed by the Republican National Committee had been approved by the requisite number of states. Under this new provision, each state is entitled to four delegates at large and one delegate from each congressional district; also an additional delegate for each congressional district Congress do its duty? W e are trying to do this and have tried and will continue to try, but we have not yet succeeded. terms of the Fourteenth Amendment is it not the ace! menaceswer, it is. to the supremacy of the white rbinding duty of Congress  But who is going to make THAT CAPITAL "N" Negro THE Youth's Companion writes to J. N . Cotton of Alabama that it will James B. Reynolds, secretary of theRepublican National Committee, announced "consider the question of spelling the word Negro with a capital letter." It says in excuse for its usage in the past, "we have always regarded the word negro not as the name of a race, but as meaning simply black men, and on that theory would no more capitalize it than we would capitalize white men or red men when referring to Anglo-Saxons or 29 EDITORIAL Indians." Will the smiling gods of logic take this extraordinary argument to heart? blackit d wne re negro Anglo-Saxon Indian Why "negro" we "ask to know?" m EMPORIA WILLIAM ALLE N WHITE, editor of the celebrated Emporia Daily Gazette, usually passes for a man of that when a high officer of the church is openly and repeatedly charged with "stealing, lying, mal- administration, neglected duty and conduct unbecoming a bishop of the church" and when these charges have been reiterated in public print for a year it is necessary for the good name of the Negro race to have quick and thorough investigation followed by refutation or punishment. As TH E CRISIS has said before the A. M. E. Church is without doubt the greatest organization owned and conducted by men of the Negro race. It has performed some insight and discrimination a; in fact task people past but stupendous some in the have  it is even gone so far as to call him a radical fronted by even a greater one. We have in matters of the distribution of wealth hope and faith that the church has power and the purification of politics. He was to purge itself of evil. in the past, and possibly in the present, a Progressive with a very large "P. " It seems that in Emporia and in the state of John Brown there is a Y. M. C. A. which cost we understand something like $75,000. It is, however, for white peopleto the "meek and lowly Jesus." A colored man writes "respectfully" to the Gazette and asks "but what of the poor not representative of the best white Negro?" Mr. White devotes three quarters of a column of very fine talk on the evil of slavery. He talks of "civilization and Christianity;" he says some learned things on environment and heredity, and he concludes that the demand for a "colored" Y. M. C. A. is just. Why colored, dear Mr. White? m BRYANT AND JONES OF the truth behind the charges made by the Secretary of the African M . E. Sunday School Union against one of the bishops of his church, the public is not in a position to make final judgment; but this thing is certain, FAIR PLAY PRESUMABLY many white southerners would declare that the Fair only, being established and dedicated Play Association of Washington, which has lately asked that Negroes opinion of the South. We are strongly inclined to agree with them, and yet every once in a while something happens in the South so palpably unfair that we wonder if it is spasmodic or symtomatic. Eugene Brieux, the well-known French dramatist is visiting in this country. While calling on white friends in Atlanta taken to the worst slum in the city on Decatur Street. Hearst's American says: "Monsieur and his party clustered about the nearest pool table, and a curious crowd of Negroes—cocaine sniffers they were, if ever heavy eyes and swollen noses and sodden faces revealed the habit —pushed close about Monsieur and 30 THE Madame. But all they heard was much talk in French. Monsieur, it seemed, was not at all favorably impressed with the Atlanta Negro of Decatur Street. " 'Ah,' he said, with his appraising eyes narrowed. And again, 'Ah.' "And out on the street again, hewhat he thought about it. " I have seen the Negro on thein Nubia, and a place or two else. told they seemed more civilized and wholesome there than they do here.' " When the white people of Atlanta showed this distinguished writer such scenes and let him think that they were typical of American Negroes they lied and lied brazenly. However, we are glad to say that Monsieur Brieux was not deceived as effectively as the Atlanta whites may think. In a personal letter to the editor he says: "J'aurais ete coupable si en cherchant headwaters of the Nile,' he announced, 'and High Schools 4 0 And Night Schools 5 0 CRISIS is so untrue that we would refer the Georgian to the recent report of the Russell schools of Atlanta which may be tabulated WHITES NEGROES Children of school age 22,031 10,018 Enrolled 17,047 5,924* Grammar Schools ... 38 11 Teachers 426 82 •Erroneously given in the February CRISIS as 2,924. If the Negroes had their proportional share of attention they would have 8,000 children in school, 19 grammar schools, 2 high schools, 2 night schools and 213 teachers. Of the $350,000 spent for teachers' salaries, the Negroes forming a third of the population, get less than $50,000. It would seem that Life's point was well taken. seulement a. satisfaire la curiositesympathiqueque je porte a tous les faibles je m'etais contente des renseignements WASHINGTON VIGILANCE recueillis sur la race negre aupres de la SEVERAL times we have race blanche." seen in the colored press a demand for a vigilance committee inWashingtonto watc LIFE in Congress. Various IN a recent issue of TH E plans for financing such a committee CRISIS we quoted from have been voiced. It seems that the Life acolored publicfrienddoe not know that for charmingparagraphabout "ourdown South" assuming two years the National Association for the Negroes inferiority the Advancement of Colored People has and then going about to keep them inferior. The Atlanta Georgian is dismaintained two expert salariedrepresentatives turbed over this pronunciamento and talks largely. First it says that there is no social equality between the races and never will be, ignoring the fact that in 1910 there were 200,000 mulattoes in Georgia. It then goes on to declare that "the school fund is distributed according to population" regardless of color. This Senate and one in the House. Not a single piece of legislation has been proposed of which we have not been notified by wire or mail. It is in this way that we have been enabled to act so quickly and through this knowledge Beside this, the Washington Branch of EDITORIAL 31 machinery celebrate Association has been interested. A nextraordinaryreally fine distinctive has campaign has been from or come carried on to prevent Congress from passing disthe celebration or seems likely to come. criminatory legislation. That the Sixty-Undoubtedly, money was wasted in Third Congress has actually adjourned Pennsylvania without adequate return. without the enactment of such laws, and In New Jersey the celebration was unwith some things like the HowardUniversity appropriation to its credit, i fortunate in being cramped for funds extraordinary tribute to the organized but did well within its limits. New fighting strength of American Negroes. York contributed one new fine thing, To whom should the credit for this acthe Pageant of Negro History. TheVirginia because of the hands into which it has complishment be given? Manifestly to no one person or to no one organization. fallen, although we hope to be disappointed in this pessimism. From Illinois The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People would be we had expected great things but we the last to claim sole and entire credit for must unfortunately confess the fact that the accomplishment. Individuals unconthe promise at present is small. Nearly nected with it and organizations not affiliated have from time to time joined $20,000 has been spent in publicity and "preliminary" outlay. Such an expendithis Association has acted as a vigilance committee and done its work voluntarily. So effectively has this work been done that it scarcely seems necessary totablished the next thing for the public to do is to support it, and not to start building new machinery. M CREDIT AGAIN and again when men unite to some great end and accomplish all or a part of that toward which they aim, there arises an astonishing and often disreputable scramble for the honor and credit of the accomplishment. In a sense this is natural. Independent enthusiasts striving for a great end often forget or are ignorant of others striving for the same end and are indignant or incredulous when they do not receive what they think is due credit. Something of this unfortunate feeling is creeping into recent movements in which this enthusiastically in these campaigns. Two things the Association has an undoubted right to claim; first:—that through its duplicate it or supplant it. When the widespread organization and continual vigilance it has been able to keep the colored people warned, and secondly, that through its continual insistence upon the value of agitation it has brought almost a revolution in the attitude of the colored people during the last five years. But after all what difference does it make as to who did the deed so long as the deed is done ? so long as the Negroes fight aggression, advance their interests and rescue the spirit of democracy in the United States ? Away with littleness and jealousy, and on with the fight! THE JUBILEE OF EMANCIPATION THE Jubilee ofEmancipation has beenalready by expositions in New York, NewJersey Further celebrations are planned in Illinois and Virginia. It is unfortunate that the celebration should be thus in piece-meal and that so little 32 THE ture should call for at least $100,000 of funds. There is neither prospect nor likelihood of any such sum being appropriated. Moreover, it is now May and the physical gathering of the exposition matter has scarcely begun. We know from bitter experience that it is easier to criticize movements of this sort than to make them, but it is certainly the business of President Fallows and his co-workers to dispel in the minds of most people the feeling that waste and incompetency is about to spoil that which we had hoped to be the crowning of the commemoration season. LECTURES HI S Association seeks to furnish wherever possible lecturers on Negro problems and alliedsubjects. It is the basic with much expenditure of time and idea that such a lecture bureau should be self-supporting. The lecture is or should be careful work done by an expert and entitled to compensation by the beneficiaries just as in the case of the lawyer, the doctor or the merchant. There has, however, been repeatedly shown in the conduct of our lecture work a feeling on the part of colored people that lectures should not be paid for or that they should be given as a sort of charity. This is a curious inversion of ideas. There may, of course, be charity connected with the lecture work. We have, for instance, in our Association a few men like Mr . Villard and Dr. Spingarn who can now and then give their services as lecturers, and they do so willingly and to the great advantage of our work. But it is giving, it is charity from them to the colored people. It costs them money and effort and time. On the other hand there are persons connected with the Association, and Mr . CRISIS Du Bois is one of them, who cannot af ford for perfectly obvious financial rea sons to make such a gift. Mr. Du Bois, therefore, always charges for his lec tures. If he is speaking to branches of this Association the charge covers his expenses; if he is speaking to otherorganizations also includes a small fee for the lecture. This fee varies usually from ten to fifty dollars. With such fees Mr. Du Bois has in the last ten years been enabled to meet the colored people in every state in the United States, to give them some in formation and set before them certain arguments. From his returns he has paid his expenses of travel, his life in surance and been enabled to buy certain books with which to pursue his studies. Mr . Du Bois regards this as reasonable and just and he proposes to continue this plan. His lectures are prepared thought. If they are valuable they are worth paying something for; if they are not they need not be listened to. It is certainly too much to ask that a man with a family to support should contribute twenty-five dollars or more for the privilege of talking to people who are not willing to pay twenty-five cents each. If, of course, private resources en abled the lecturerthe case would besuch giving thereThe proverb "Payto intellectual food to give his services  different. Even to is an obvious limit.  as you go," applies  as much as to potatoes are going to depend upon philanthropists to furnish them the kind of information which they get from the public forum then they must be prepared to hear not men like Villard and Spingarn, but rather the large number of speakers who are continually saying to colored people the kind of thing that the colored people do not want to hear and ought not to 33 EDITORIAL hear. Let us then seek to support this 	missioner of Immigration at the Port of lecture bureau and other lecturers on the 	New York and several others equally in basis of paying honestly for an honest 	fluential. In other words, the board of return. 	censorship is now practically split in two. The Association was not dis m couraged but immediately took steps on THE CLANSMAN the one hand to bring the matter into SEVERAL years ago a court and on the other hand to inter"professionalsoutherner" named Dixon wrote view the mayor. The interview with the a sensational and melodramatic novel which has been widely read. Eight years ago Dixon brought out his novel as a sordid and lurid melodrama. In several cities the performance of this play was prohibited because of itsthis vicious play has been put into moving pictures. With great adroitness the real play is preceded by a number of marvelously good war pictures; then in the second part comes the real "Clansman" with the Negro represented either decency. as an ignorant fool, a vicious rapist, a This action while commendable is not venal and unscrupulous politician or a sufficient. The whole second half of the faithful but doddering idiot. By curious play ought to be suppressed and the Association procedure this film received thepreliminary approval of the National Board o end. It is gratifying to know that in Censors. It was put on in Los Angeles and immediately the fine organization of the N . A. A. C. P. was manifest. The facts were telegraphed to us from our Los Angeles Branch. We started at the Board of Censors. The proprietors of the film fought madly but the Censors met, viewed the film and immediately withdrew their sanction. Many of them were astonished that any committee of their board had ever passed it. The owners of the film promised to modify it but the modifications were unimportant. Yet this remarkable Board of Censors met a third time and passed the film over the protests of a minority of nine persons. Among these nine, however, was the chairman and founder of mayor was after some difficulty ar ranged. The delegation of five hundred of the most prominent white and colored people in the city filled the Council Chamber at City Hall and for an hour in terse, tense speeches urged the indecency or incitement to riot. Recently mayor to act. The mayor promised to have the two rape scenes cut out im mediately and to go further than this if the play still seemed objectionable from the point of view of public peace and this work we have the cordial co-operation of all elements of colored people. The New York Age and the CRISIS worked hand in hand with Harlem, Brooklyn and Jersey City. We know no factions in the righting of this great wrong. It is sufficient to add that the main incident in the "Clansman" turns on a thinly veiled charge that Thaddeus Stephens, the great abolition statesman, was induced to give the Negroes the right to vote and secretly rejoice inLincoln's wonder that a man who can thus brutally falsify history has never been able to do a single piece of literary work that has brought the slightest attention, except the board, Frederick C. Howe, Commissioner when he seeks to capitalize burning race antagonisms. MR. Taylor's Funeral drowned body was identified by his young widow. She asked the personable young Baptist minister, the Rev. Alonzo Brown, to conduct the funeral service since Mr . Taylor's own Methodist minister, Elder Johnson, was out of town. Unfortunately the latter returns and both ministers appear at the funeral ready to conduct the service. Elder Johnson looked surprised, Mr. Brown looked determined, and they glared at each other belligerently. "May I ask what you mean, sir?" said Elder Johnson, recovering somewhat from his surprise. "I mean, sir, that I'm going to conduct the funeral exercises," replied the other. The undertaker began to feel uneasy. It was his first funeral in that neighborhood, and he had expected to make a reputation by his success in directing it. "There's evidently some misunderstanding here," he said, in a propitiatory tone. "There's no misunderstanding on my Charles W. Chesnutt By SYNOPSIS OF FIRST PART church before the widow was born," reMr. David Taylor, a well-to-do boatsteward, disappeared on one of his trips torted Elder Johnson, making in his warmth a mistake of several years. "I was requested by the widow's agent to conduct this service, and have come here prepared to do it. Every consideration of duty and decency requires me to insist. Even the wishes of the widow should hardly be permitted to stand in the way of what, in this case, is the most obvious propriety." "The widow," said Mr. Brown, "is the principal one concerned. Her wishes should be sacred on such an occasion, to say nothing of her rights. I'll not retire until I am personally requested by her to do so. I received my commission from her, and I'll resign it to her only." "Wait a moment, gentlemen," said the undertaker, hopefully, "until I go and speak to the widow." The colloquy on the porch had not gone unnoticed. Through the half-closed Venetian blinds a number of the guests had seen the group apparently en part," said Elder Johnson. "I wasgaged to animated Deacon Larkins, at though telegraphed in by discussion, the widow's request, and have left important business and come five hundred miles at considerable expense to preach this funeral,know the "TherestandingBrown. and I intend to preach it, or  reason why." can be no possible misunder on my part," replied Mr .  "People may send telegrams without authority, or under a mistaken impression; but I was asked by the widow, personally, to conduct the funeral "The deceased was a member of my their voices had been pitched in low tones; and there was considerable curiosity as to what was going on. In a few moments the undertaker returned. "Gentlemen," he said in desperation, "something must be done. I can't get anything out of the widow. She is almost hysterical with grief, and utterly unfit to decide on anything. Yo u must come to some agreement. Wh y can't you divide the services between you?"  services, and I propose to do so." The rival clergymen set their faces even more rigidly. "I can submit to no division," said MR. TAYLOR'S FUNERAL 35 Elder Johnson, "that does not permit me to preach the sermon. No man could know Brother Taylor as well as I did, and no man could possibly be so well prepared to pronounce a fitting eulogy on his life. It would be an insult to my church for any one but Brother Taylor's pastor to preach his funeral; in fact, it seems to me not only in bad taste, but bordering on indecency for the pastor of rooms easily. The remains can be placed in the hall between the two rooms, where they can be seen from both. Each of you conduct a service in a separate room, and all the guests can be comfortably seated, in a position to hear or participate in one service or the other." The proposition was a novel one, but it possessed the merit of practicability, and after some brief demur, bothministers another church, of anotherdenomination,to take advantage of a widow's moved to the hall, and disposed in a po grief and irresponsibility, and try to force himself where the most elementary principles of professional courtesy would require him to stay away. However, I'm willing to overlook that, under the circumstances, if Brother Brown will be content to read the Scriptures and lead in one of the prayers." sition where it would be visible from both rooms. The undertaker made a brief statement of the situation, and announced that two services would be held. The company divided according to their individual preferences, some taking seats in the other room, others remaining where they were. The Baptist choir of course went with their own minister, the Methodist choir remained with theirs. "I repel Brother Johnson'sinsinuationswith scorn; their animus is very When the widow came out, clad in deep plain," said the Baptist minister, with est weeds and sobbing softly, she took some heat. "I will accept of no compromise that does not allow me to de her seat, whether by inadvertence or liver the discourse. I was personally requested to do so; I have prepared a sermon with special reference to the needs of this particular case. If I don't use it my labor is wasted. M y brother seems to think there's nobody to be considered in this matter but the deceased, whereas I am of quite the contrary opinion." It was very apparent that no such compromise as the one proposed was possible. Meanwhile the curiosity on the inside was rising to fever heat; ablinds, and several late comers had collected about the steps leading up to the porch and were listening intently. Pending this last statement by the reverend gentlemen of their respective positions, the undertaker had had time to think. H e was a man of resources, and the emergency brought out his latent choice did not appear, in the room where Mr. Brown had elected to conduct his part of the ceremony. Each service opened with singing. The Methodist choir sang "Rock of Ages." The Baptist choir softlychanted compelled to sing louder in order to be heard at all. Each of the ministers then read a passage of Scripture; there was no conflict in this, as they were far numberenough apartf eyes were glancing through th t avoid confusion. Each then offered prayer. TheMethodist blessing of a beautiful life that had been spared so long among them as an example of right living. Mr. Brown, on the other side of the hall, with equal fervor asked for comfort to the sorrowing widow in her bereavement. An d each in his own words prayed that the event powers. A flash of professionalinspirationcame to his aid. they had come together to mourn over "Gentlemen," he said soothingly, "I think I can see a way out of this difficulty, which will give each of you an opportunity to officiate, and prevent the funeral from being spoiled. Here are two large rooms, opening by wide doors from opposite sides of a central hall. There are people enough to fill the two might be a warning to those present of the transitoriness of all earthly good, and that by calling attention to the common mortality it' might humble their souls and drive out jealousy and envy and malice and all uncharitableness. A t the close of the prayers there was another musical number—or rather two TH E CRISIS of them. The Baptist choir rendered an anthem breathing resignation and comfort. The Methodist choir sang a hymn of triumph over death and the grave. Some one discreetly closed one of the doors during the singing, so that no discord marred the harmony of this part of the service. When the two addresses were well under way, a man came up the street and entered the premises by the front gate. There had been several late arrivals, but until this one appeared they had all found seats in the house.the door, noted the half-drawn blinds, and glanced across the lot at the row of carriages drawn up on the side street. With an expression of mingled wonder and alarm, he drew nearer the door and heard the sound of preaching. He stepped softly upon the porch but paused before he reached the door, and, after hesitating a moment, came down again, and going around to the side of the house stood on tiptoe and peered curiously through the half-closed blinds at the scene within. First he noticed the coffin, sister; piled high with flowers. Then the sermon fixed his attention, and clutching friendly offices as are within our weak the window-sill with his elbows he stood listening for several minutes. "Indeed, my dear brethren and sisters," Elder Johnson was saying, "we to offer her." may well mourn the death of our dear brother, and look upon it as an irreparable loss. Where will we find a man who was so generous in his contributions The two sermons came to an end alto the church, so devoted to his family, most simultaneously, and again the two or who set a better example of the Christian life? In him we have lost a leader in every good work, a faithful friend, a dear brother, a strong pillar in the church, a champion of his race, a man whom we all loved and admired. Cut off in the prime of life, in the full tide of his usefulness, we mourn his departure, and we rejoice that he has lived— we celebrate his virtues and we revere his memory." The man outside dropped from his somewhat constrained position, and the puzzled expression on his face became even more pronounced. But he had heard the voice, though indistinctly, of the minister across the hall, and he went softly around the rear of the house and picking up a small box which lay in the yard, placed it under a window of the other room. Looking through the slats, he saw a woman dressed in deepest mourning. Her face wasthe heavy crepe veil thatbut her form was shakensobs. Grouped around theaudience equally as large concealed by  fell before it,  by convulsive  room was an  as the one across the hall, and the young Baptist minister was saying, with great unction: "There are no words, my hearers, by which we can adequately express the As thenewcomer we feel approached he saw the crepe  this bereaved sympathy forwidow in this, her hour of deepestearthly loved sister, whose mainstay has been cut off, and who has been left to tread the thorny path of life in loneliness and desolation. I know that if the departed can look down from that upper sphere which he now adorns, upon this scene of his late earthly career, no more painful though ity of his happiness than the reflection that he had left behind him in inconsolable grief the companion of his earthly joys and sorrows. We feel for ourall comfort; we assure her of such power. An d we hope that in time the edge of her grief will lose its sharpness, and that she may feel resigned to the decree of Heaven, and find such consolation as a life of usefulness may yet have audiences were led in prayer. While the eyes of the two ministers were raised on high in supplication, and those of their hearers were piously turned to earth, the man on the outside, unable to restrain his curiosity longer, stepped down from his box, came around to the front door, opened it, walked softly forward, and stopped by the casket, where he stood looking down at the face it contained. At that moment the two prayers came to an end, the eyes of the ministers sought a lower level, while those of the guests were raised, and they saw the stranger standing by the coffin. Some nervous women screamed, sev POEMS 37 eral strong men turned pale, and there was a general movement that would probably have resulted in flight if there had been any way out except by passing through the hall. The man by the casket looked up with even greater wonderment than he had before displayed. "Whose funeral is this, anyhow?" he asked, addressing himself to nobody in particular. "Why," responded several voices in chorus, "it's your funeral!" A light dawned on the newcomer, and he looked much relieved. "There's some mistake here," he said, "or else if I'm dead I don't know it. I was certainly alive when I came in on the train from Buffalo about thirty minutes ago." The drowning in Buffalo harbor of a man resembling Taylor had been, of course, a mere coincidence. It might be said, in passing, that Mr. Taylor never explained his prolonged absence very satisfactorily. He did tell a story, or rather a vague outline of a story, lacking in many of the corroborative details which establish truthfulness, about an accident and a hospital. As he is still a pillar in the Jerusalem Methodist church, and trying hard to live up to the standard be unbecoming to do more than suggest, in the same indefinite way, that when elderly men, who have been a little wild in their youth, are led by sudden temptation, when away from the restraininginfluences into the convivial habits of earlier days, there are, in all well-governed cities,institutions where they may go into retreat for a fixed period of time, of such length— say five or ten or twenty or thirty days —as the circumstances of each particular case may seem to require. TH E END. SHAKESPEARE BY BENJAMIN BRAWLEY I thought how oft the great gray god of years, Swinging adown the dark abysm of time, Some lamp portentous in the dimness rears, Some taper high, ineffable, sublime; Now darts a gleam faint thrilling through the deep, And now a glimmer from archangels' wings; And then once more the mighty aeons sleep, Lost in the slumber that the darkness brings; And then I dreamed of one Promethean light, That, throbbing, as a mystic searchlight blazed Through all the caverns. Nature leaped in might To greet the signal from the rampart raised; Her innocent heart at last a flame inquired ; MY HERO (To Robert Gould Shaw) BY BENJAMIN BRAWLEY Flushed with the hope of high desire. He buckled on his sword, To dare the rampart ranged with fire, Or where the thunder roared; Into the smoke and flame he went, For God's great cause to die— A youth of heaven's element, The flower of chivalry'. This was the gallant faith, I trow. Of which the sages tell; On such devotion long ago The benediction fell; And never nobler martyr burned, Or braver hero died, Than he who worldly honor spurned To praise the Crucified. And Lancelot and Sir Bedivere May pass beyond the pale, And wander over moor and mere To find the Holy Grail; But ever yet the prize forsooth My hero holds in fee, And he is Blameless Knight in truth, And one by one all other lights expired.. And Galahad to me. National Assn. For the Advancement of Colored People BRANCHES Baltimore: The Frederick Douglass anniversary meeting, held by the Branch, February 11, at the Sharp Street Methodist Church, had as its chief speaker Mr . gave a dramatic recital in e Wesley Charles Edward Russell. At the concert given on March 11 by e Williams Colored Singers at Albaugh's Theatre, for the benefit of the N . A. A. C. P., the Branch cleared nearly one hundred dollars. Boston: A monster meeting of protest against legislation in Congress, discriminating against colored citizens, was held by the Boston Branch in Tremont Temple, Sunday afternoon, March 7. The audience numbered over three thousand. The speakers were the Hon. Martin B. Madden, member of Congress from Illinois; Mrs. Mary E. Wilson and Dr. J. E. Spingarn. Mr. Storey presided. With of its organization for campaigning against hostile legislation. The printed appeal which the Branch sent out to all its members urging immediate action was a model in its practical suggestions and the information it contained. With it was enclosed a slip giving the names, residences and terms of office of the Massachusetts members of Congress. Detroit: This branch is still working hard to defeat the anti-intermarriage clause in the proposed marriage law mentioned in TH E CRISIS for March. The bill is now This brief was sent to all members of the Legislature. District of Columbia: The Juvenile Committee of theCarrie W . Clifford is the Chairman, District A. M. Zion Church, with Mr. Charles Borroughs as reader. A substantial sum was turned over to the Treasurer of the District of Columbia Branch as a result. The next public meeting of this Committee will be held on April 18 and will be distinctively a children's meeting, almost the entire program being given by children. Harrisburg: The Harrisburg Branch is endeavoring in the Legislature. Co-operating with it are the Philadelphia and Pittsburgh branches. Harrisburg is also continuing its prosecution of the Dauphin County the exception of the District of Columbia Branch, Boston leads in the efficiency moving picture case which tests the civil rightsbranch hascourts. Howard Ethel Cuff bill of 1887 and which the already won in the lower University Chapter: Miss of the Senior Class of the Teachers' College of Howard University won the framed picture of William Lloyd Garrison, offered by the college chapter of the N. A. A. C. P., for the best essay on the subject, "What should Be the Purpose of the College Chapters of the N. A. A. C. P." Miss Zephyr Moore of the Junior Class of the Teachers' Colleg Bagnall in the joint judiciary committee of the Indianapolis:Senate and House. A committee calling At the mass meeting held in the Jones itself The Committee on EquitableLegislationand including Father Tabernacle on February 26, at which Secretary of the Detroit Branch and Mr. Brokenburr, President of the Mr. Francis H. Warren, its attorney, Branch, presided. Father Bagnall, of have compiled and published an admirable brief against the proposed law. Detroit, made a characteristicallyeloquent entitled "The Way Out for the Negro." N. A. A. C. P. 39 Louisville: A case toordinance wasthrough their&amp; Lewis, the test the new segregation  brought by this branch  attorneys, Blakey, Quinn  leading lawyers of the city. This week the ordinance was declared valid. Record is now being prepared and the case will probably be argued in the Court of Appeals in May. Portland: This branch has made the first step in removing the so-called "black laws" from the statute books. A bill • has passed the Legislature which will place for distribution to citizens. Every newspapernance. A committee known as the United Welfare Association which has the cooperation of the real estate interests of the city favors the proposed ordinance. Several previous attempts to passcommittee is now circulating initiative petitions calling for a special election on the question. To hold this election requires fifteen thousand signatures, that is ten per cent of the registered voters. Tacoma: on the ballot at the next election a constitutional amendment to repeal that section of the state constitution which excludes Negroes and mulattoes from the state and which denies tosuffrage. Both of these sections of the constitution are practically void. The bill to eliminate them from the constitutionGeorge McBride who has been assisted in this work by Senator Farrell, Dr. Andrew D. Smith and D. C. Lewis, members of the House. The branch has held a number of notable meetings, including a Lincoln's birthday celebration. The work done by its Publicity Committee is especially good. The President is Dr. T. A. Merriman, the Secretary, Mrs. Beatrice As voted some months ago by the Morrow Cannaday, and the Chairman of the Executive Committee, Mr. E. D. Cannaday. Pittsburgh: On the 17th of March the Branch held its first quarterly meeting in the Central Baptist Church, adding over eighty new members and raising one hundred dollars in cash. It sent a contribution of twenty-five dollars to assist the Harrisburg Branch in continuing its prosecution of the moving picture case mentioned above. St. Louis: This branch, throughthirty members, fifteencolored, is waging an a committee of  white and fifteen extensive campaign against an attempt to pass in th a segregation At the Lincoln celebration, held in Odd Fellows' Temple on February 12, the program included some of the most all Negroes, mulattoes and Chinese the righ eminent white and colored people in Tacoma. was introduced Senator Wilmington:  byAt a mass meeting which taxed the standing capacity of Odd Fellow' Hall, held on March 7, under the auspices of the Wilmington Branch, the chief speakers were ex-Senator Washburn, of Elkton, Md. and Dr. William A. Sinclair, ANNUAL CONFERENCE theretrenchment havin asegregation Board of directors, because ofNational Conference will not be held this year. The Association will hold a meeting in connection with the National Conference of Charities and Correction in Baltimore on the afternoon of May 13, beginning at three o'clock. This meeting will be rather informal in character,among the members of the Conference. Addresses will be made by Miss Mary White Ovington, who will speak on "City Philanthropy Among Colored People;" Prof. William Pickens, whose subject will be "The Ultimate Effects of Discrimination;" and Prof. GoergeWilliam many years a member of the National Conference of Charities and Correction, who will talk on "The Community and The Colored Child." pared by Mr. Roger N. Baldwin, of the Executive Committee, is being published I FIGHTING RACE CALUMNY AN INSTANCE OF THE WAY THE N. A. A.TH E CHRONOLOGICAL AGAINST	 TH EMOVING February 12-26: W e are advisedBranch that "The C.	 P. WORKS  RECORD OF TH E FIGHT  "CLANSMAN" IN PICTURES. by our Los Angeles  Birth of a Nation," a picture play founded on Dixon's "Clansman," is running in that city and that the branch has been unable to suppress the play because it has the approval of the National Board of Censorship, located in New York. office	 of the Board of Censorship to Advance announcement of this performance in New York appears in the local	 press. We go to the office of the Board of Censorship and request: The names of the committee who approved the picture so that we may ascertain its character from someone who has seen it; the names and addresses of the National Board of Censorship; a list of the cities where the film has been released; the possibility of arranging for an advance performance when the film could be reviewed by the entire Board of Censorship and a committee from our Association. The office of the Board of Censorship reply that there is nothing objectionable in the picture and refuse to give us the names of any of the committee who have approved it. They also refuse the addresses of members of their board and advise us not to communicate with them. They say that since the picture has been passedNew York andabout it. We appeal toNational Board February 27: We write a letter to the members of the National Board of Censorship stating our position in regard to the picture. The National Board of Censorship and a committee from our Association are invited to attend the advanceperformance promised twelve tickets; later the number Board of Censorship and colored people are excluded. March 1: The National Board of Censorship meet after the performance and (according to their Chairman, Dr. Howe), disapprove certain incidents in the first section of the film and practically the entire second part. No communication in regard to this action is sent from the the by the Board, no advance performance can be copy	 of the statement of release which nothing can be done 	is being sent to other cities, and a list of the states where bills for public censors are pending. the Chairman of the We are advised by a member of the  of Censorship, Mr. Board of Censorship that the action of Frederic C. Howe, for an advance performance and it is arranged. the Board on March 1 in disapproving N. A. A. C. P. March 3: The owner and producer of the film are summoned by the N. A. A. C. P. to the Police Court on the grounds that they are maintaining a public nuisance and endangering the public peace. They are represented by Martin W. Littleton. Chief Magistrate McAdoo rules that it is not within his jurisdiction to stop the performance unless it actually leads to a breach of the peace. March 8: We write for a statement of the disapproval of the play by the Board of Censorship. We do not get it. W e request all our members in New York and vicinity to write letters of protest to the press. March 9: We again write to the Board of Censorship for a statement of their disapproval of the film and also request a arrange the film was not official. Nocommunication office of the Board. March 10: Prominent members of our Association, Mr . Addams, Dr. Jacques Loeb, Miss Lillian 41 FIGHTING RACE CALUMNY D. Wald, as well as several prominent white Southerners, see the play. Al l agree in condemning it. March 10: The National Association brings criminal proceedings against Aitken and Griffith, owner and producer of the film, and retains James W . Osborne as attorney. March 11: W e send a letter to the moving picture trade calling their attention to the action of Aitken and Griffith in producing this play after it has been disapproved by the National Board of Censorship. March 12: W e appeal to the Commissioner of Licenses to stop the performance under that section of the penal code which applies to public nuisances. We are advised that the Board of Censorship is seeing the play in its reas endangering public morals; also on the ground that the effect of the picture is likely to lead to a breach of the peace. March 23: A review of the play in the New Republic title "Brotherly Love," is mailed by the N. A. A. C. P. for editorial comment to five hundred newspapers. March 24: The New York press breaks its silence by publishing the "story" of the split on the Board of Censorship over the vote on this film. March 26: We are advised by the Mayor that he will receive a delegation from our Association. We and organizations interested, in New York and vicinity, to unite with us in appearing at this hearing. March 27: vised form. W e attend the sameperformance and find that only slight changes have been made. March 13: Miss Jane Addams who has witnessed the play at our request, gives an exclusive interview condemning it to the Evening Post, which is sent out by the National Association to the press of the country. None of the New York papers carried this except the Post which, we understand, is the only paper in New York that has refused the advertising for "The Birth of a Nation." March 15: W e are officially advised by the office of the National Board of Censorship that the film has been approved by the Board. Some of the members present tell us that the producer was even cheered when he came into the room. March 16: W e are asked by the Board of Censorship to retract our letter sent to the Mr. George E. Wibecan, President of moving picture trade. We do not. the Brooklyn Citizens' Club; and Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, President of We request of the Board of Censorship the addresses of their committees the New York Evening Post Company, and again ask for a list of the cities and Vice President of the N. A. A. C. P. where the film has been released and a The following organizations were rep list of states where bills for public censors are pending. We do not get this information. March 19: We write the Mayor requesting him to use his authority to suppress the play as an offense against public decency and We attempt to arrange a procession to the Mayor's office. License is refused on the ground that it might lead to a breach of the peace. March 29: The National American Woman Suffrage with the National Board of Censorship in working against the bill for a public censor pending in Pennsylvania, because of the action of the Board on this play. March 30: Hearing before the Mayor with following speakers: Dr. Frederic C. Howe, Chairman of the National Board of Censorship; Dr. William H . Brooks, Pastor of St. Mark's M. E. Church; Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, Editor of the CRISIS; Dr. Stephen S. Wise, Rabbi of the Free Synagogue; Mr. Fred R. Moore, Editor of the New York Age; resented : The colored and white ministry of Greater New York, the Citizens' Club of Brooklyn, the Committee of One Hundred of Hudson County, N . J., the National League of Urban Conditions Among Negroes, the United Civic League, the Columbus Hill Civic 42 THE CRISIS League, and the Northeastern Federaidea of discontinuing it if the changes tion of Women's Clubs. promised by the Mayor are made in the The Mayor told the delegation which film. overflowed the Council Chamber that he April 1: had seen the film and that he agreed We see the play in its second revised with all that had been said about it. He form and find again that only unimport felt that it might perhaps incite to ant changes have been made and that breaches of the peace and had already the two particularly objectionable scenes so advised the management of the still remain the motif of the second part. theatre and the owners of the film; the We again appeal to the Mayor calling latter had consented to cut out the two his attention to the fact that these scenes scenes which had been particularly obwhich he promised the delegation should jected to and the play would be probe eliminated have not been cut out. duced in that form for the first time April 2: that night. This, the Mayor was careful Miss Rosalie Jonas, a native of New to say, had been done without any atOrleans, with other prominent Suffrag tempt on his part to exercise any power ists in New York, file a protest with the he might be given by statute. The Mayor against the play. breadth and force of such powers were We are advised by the Mayor that he in doubt, he said, but if it was found has been assured by the producers of necessary to take the matter up again the film that they will meet his wishes in he would take such steps as were authe matter of elision. thorized by law. (To be continued, and we trust con March 31: We adjourn our legal case with the cluded, in our next.) "OLIVER CROMWELL" By W. T. FREEMAN conceived the bold idea of cross December the 13th, 1776,Washington's army was in peril. ing the Delaware River and striking the General Lee had marched with his detachment of the enemy's forces at command as far as Morristown, N . J., Trenton before a concentration of the taking up his quarters at Basking Ridge. forces could be affected. On the evening of December the 13th a The American army was accordingly squad of British cavalry captured Lee arranged in three divisions; the first, and hurried him off to New York.General Sullivan took command cross under General Cadwallader, was to of Lee's division and hastened to join the river at Bristol and attack the British Washington. his brigade was to pass over a little be low Trenton for the purpose of interThe entire American force now cepting the retreat while Washington amounted to a little more than sixwith men. In the Sullivan of General thousand General midst and disaster Washington saw in the disposition of the Greene and twenty-four thousand men British forces an opportunity to strike were to cross nine miles above Trenton, a blow for his disheartened countrymen. march down the river bank and assault the town. Everything was to be carried The leaders of the enemy were off of out with the greatest of secrecy. their guard. They believed that the war was ended. Cornwallis obtained leave Christmas night was selected as the of absence, left the State of New Jersey time to strike the blow; it was a well in command of General Grant and made known fact that a majority of the English preparations to return to England. The English army was spread out from Trenton to Burlington. The night was cold, the river was It was at this critical time that Washington  with ice. Generals Ewing filled floating 43 TH E BURDEN and Cadwallader were baffled in their efforts to cross the river on account of the severity of the cold and the floating ice, but Washington and his aids succeeded. In the boat with Washington amongst the muffled rowers was our hero "Oliver Cromwell," a colored man. They landed on the Jersey coast about 3 A. M., marched down to Princeton getting there about 8 A . M., where they attacked the British to their surprise and conquered them. Oliver Cromwell was born at the Black Horse (now Columbus) in the family of John Hutchin. He enlisted with a company commanded by Captain Lowery attached to the second regiment under the command of Colonel Isaac Shrever. He fought at the battle in Princeton with bravery on that memorablemorning, of Springfield he distinguished himself and also at Yorktown. At the end of the war he received an honorable discharge from the army, his papers being signed by General Washington, Commander-in-Chief of the American Army. The Burden C " So she coaxed him on and on with his history, as Desdemona persuaded Othello to talk. Only Eldon was not a blackamoor, and it was of his defeats and not his victories that he told. Which made him perhaps all the more attractive, seeing that he was well born and well made."—Rupert Hughes in Munsey's, Dec, 1914. C A colored woman had purchased some goods from a white man on the installment plan. Having gotten somewhat behind in the payments, the white collector ordered her to have his money for him on a given day. This the woman failed to do and the collector thereupon began to beat her. She ran out of her house into the store of a colored man begging the storekeeper for protection. This was given her, and the white man was pushed out of doors. A telephone call was sent by the colored man for the patrol wagon. When the policeman arrived he at once put the colored woman under arrest, and while he was leading her to the patrol wagon the collector began to assault her again by kicking her, whereupon the colored man once more intervened. The colored woman was put into the patrol collector rode with the driver for a short distance, then got down and went about his business.— From a southern paper. C A colored man, educated, runs an auto. He does quite a good business taking people riding. Recently a lady called him over the 'phone asking his terms by the hour, etc. He gave her particulars, which she said were satisfactory. Then asked him if he thought it was too cold to go out that day. He replied "It is quite cold, but if you wish to go, I will take you." After more pleasant conversation and a request for him to come at a certain time and place, she said "Oh ! are— are you colored?" He replied "Yes." She said "I think it is a little too cold today, I think I won't go." I, being a Yankee and coming recently from the Wooden Nutmeg State, am quite dense in regard to the color line. When he told me I replied "Why it seems to be quite the style to have coloredchauffeurs; have them." He replied "You do not understand; if I did not own the car it would be all right; but it is very presuming for a colored man to own an auto." The light dawned on me, and I wagon and carried to the jail. The assaulting TH E CRISIS replied "I am so thankful I am not that living, without walking the roads in idlekind of a fool."—M. L .S. S., Washington, D C. ness "This man claims that I owe him $625 " •, Oklahoma. with interest from 1913 to date. I don't C Thesubscription which I paid forto be sent to the Carnegie Library of this place may be changed to . "This request is made for the reason that TH E CRISIS is not permitted to remain in the library. This information was given me by thejanitor who happens to be a colored man. It is ordered out as soon as it appears." ([ "The board of trustees of the Hyde Park Presbyterian Church at Fifty-third Street and Blackstone Avenue will hold a meeting to-morrow night in the board room in the church to consider what shall be their attitude toward the theatre which has been built next door, and which, its owners say,will be converted a stormy debate on the race problem into a Negro church if a theatrical license is denied them.—Chicago Examin er. "TOANO, Va. C "I am bothered and handicapped in my business. I have struggled in affliction and discouragement to the limit of human endurance; and alone. I have been afflicted with rheumatism for ten years. "I have a nice little farm which has been advertised for sale by one of the worst men here. In my crisis I was forced to borrow some money from him. In a short time he attempted to sell my home, raising my account to nearly double what I had gotten from him. I charged himwith usuary and took out an injunction and stopped the sale. "On the 8th the judge in the lower court decided against me. I at once filed an application foran appeal. On the 23d inst. I went to Hampton, Va., with the hope of seeing Major Moton or Capt. Allen Washington to get some advice. I did succeed in seeing Capt. Washington. He advised me to write you and it might be that you would make some recommendation that would help me. I have a large family; a wife and seven little children, the oldest twelve years. "And above allthings earthly, I want my farm on which I may learn my little children how to work and get an honest owe it, I have never gotten it. I have valuable property here near Toano, Va., on the peninsula, about 40 miles from Hampton and 37 miles from Richmond, Va., near the railroad station, which is worth double the money; this man wants it and says he intends to have it. "He has taken my uncle's which joins mine and is now building houses onit. He says he is going to build on mine in the same way. "I am now praying for help from those of our people who can help, and who know where help can be found. I am very humbly yours, (Signed) J. A. JONES. ([ The legislature of Oklahoma has had arising from a proposal to appropriate $15,000 for the support of the colored State University and an extra $20,000 for water works and sewerage systems. Representative Childers of Garfield county, declared that he was opposed to any appropriations for "niggers." "Let's take care of our white institutions first," shouted Childers, "before voting money for the niggers.-I don't believe God created the black man, anyway, andif He did He only intended for him to be a servant for the white man." Representative Morgan, a Democratic minister of the gospel, made a bitter speech against the Negro: "They dont need educating," declared Morgan, "for I have observed that the Negro woman takes in washing to support her worthless educated husband. We should take care of the Negro only as far as we are able. This is a white man's country." Other representatives supported the appropriation which was finally passed but with the water works and sewerage system item cutout. As a matter of fact the $15,000 thus given is really less than the state receives from theUnited States, for the agricultural training of Negroes. One legislator defended Langston. He said that it "educates the Negro foragricultural 45 THE BURDEN curse and the country nigger is a necessity. I want to see them taught to be useful on the farms and as servants." Representative Pinkham was among the few who took a strong stand. "We Democrats," said Pinkham, "cannot take a position that involves hatred or viciousness against the Negro race. They were brought here against their will, and it is up to you people to take care of them." THE MURDER OF PAUL SMITH ([Early one cold morning in last December,dead body of a young Negro man was found on Ninth street, near State. The discovery was made by two policemen. Several hours before this gruesome find was made, these same policemen had gone to a house of ill repute in that neighborhood, probably in search of recently is illuminating on the Paul Smith, a Negro youth who had escaped from the chain gang. At any rate, of even the white boy when dealing with Smith was there when the officers arNegroes and white people : rived, and he made a dash to escape, A small white boy knocked at the door clad only in his night clothes. The offiof the house where I was visiting. The cers fired several shots and went their lady of the house was a mulatto of very way. fair complexion. It developed that the lad was peddling picture post cards dur The young Negro found dead on ing his hours of freedom from school. Ninth street, two or three hours later, He opened up with quite a line of talk, was Paul Smith. He wore only his night showing the lady post cards of the Alamo clothes and had been shot to death. ticed, however, that there was a pack in A n indictment was returned against one hand that he did not show and on the two policemen who had attempted to asking him to let her see the pack in arrest Smith, charging them with murder. The case was continued and did question, evidently mistaking hisnot come to trial until two or three days ago, when it was called in the Circuit Court at Blountville. The officers are said to have testified that they did not shoot at Smith or in his direction. The evidence was such that the jury rendered a verdict of not guilty. The policemen who attempted tokill him, since there was no charge against him of a more serious nature than a misdemeanor. Therefore, it is with a feeling of relief that the local public learns that these officers did not commit this crime. But here arises a question which, doubtless, has suggested itself to the reader: Who did commit the what steps have been taken to clear up the mystery ? Paul Smith was "only a Negro," to be sure; he seems to have been an occasional pett worth much to the community. But he was human, and he had a right to live so long as he did nothing to forfeit his life. He was not a dangerous character; he had committed no serious offense; he was killed without provocation, for he was found dead in his night clothes, with no weapon of any kind on his person. It is to be regretted that, so far as the public knows, no effort has been made to apprehend his murderer. And it is to be some time before daybreak, the hoped that this is the last case of the kind that will occur in this city.— Editorial in daily) Bristol, Tenn. FROM SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS ([The following incident that occurred  canniness questioner for a white woman, he said airily, "Oh, you don't want to see them. They're for Niggers." Her interest being aroused by this unexpected reply, she insisted on inspecting the Jim Crow pack. They proved to be copies of a certain cheap, but familiar type of pictures a group of Negro notables. The whole incident was so unexpected, so illuminating, and arrest Smith would have had no right to on about his way of dealing with Negroes, totally identity of his questioner, for certainly there was no natural racial repulsion to warn the boy), and so truthful a picture of the usual white man's attitude from within, that I think it worth the time to write to you. motive crime, and what is the theory of thepolice department as to the THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Strength of Standard Life Not long ago the writer of these articles received a letter from a friend in Ohio. "Please send me some evidence other than your own printed matter that Standard Life is all that it claims." In reply we sent him an editorial taken from the Atlanta Constitution referring to us which said, among other things: "The final test of the Company's worth is that it qualified for a license under the new insurance laws, among the most drastic in America." We sent him a certificate signed by the Treasurer of the State of Georgia, that he holds bonds owned by us, of a. par value of One Hundred Thousand Dollars, for the protection of our policyholders. We referred him to the New York Independent (August 25, 1914), whose insurance page is one of the highest authorities in the land. W e sent him the statement of the Certified Public Accountant who has examined us twice: "Al l records of the Company were found in excellent condition and its affairs are carefully managed." The Strength of Standard Life Lies Both in Methods and in Men Though hundreds and hundreds of assessment societies and insurance associations have disappeared from existence, there has never been a failure of a life insurance company conducted rigidly on old-line legal reserve principles. Standard Life was organized and is operated on the old-line legal reserve plan. Standard Life is following the plans and the methods that made the Equitable, the New York Life, the Metropolitan, and the Northwestern Mutual great. In 1913, it set aside a reserve liability of over $7,000; in 1914 this reserve was increased over $15,000, making a total reserve liability set aside of over Twenty-two Thousand Dollars. It lias in addition Paid In Capital of $100,000.00 which is invested in first class bonds and deposited with the State. Back of Its Methods are Men Its officers and directors are men of unquestioned integrity and ability. They are men who know what they are doing, and who are doing what they know. Our reports to the Insurance Departments of Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas where we operate show, among others, the following figures: Gross Assets $136,127.31 Legal Reserve 22,545.61 Cash Income for 1914 69,025.07 Death Claims Paid 2,625.00 Insurance in Force, December 31, 1914 - $1,205,000.00 Our policyholders live in 23 States and the Canal Zone. W e can protect Please you no matter where you live in amounts from $250.00 to $5,000.00. send me particulars about insurance. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Amount $. .. Sex 200 Auburn Avenue, ATLANTA , GEORGIA Age Weight Capital Fully Paid -- $100,000.00 Occupation. . Over One Million and a Quarter Insurance in Force Name Issues Policies from $250.00 to $5,000.00 Address HEMA N E. PERRY, President (C. May 1915) HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS 47 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Foot Wear Fit To Wear FROM FACTORY TO YOU BY PARCEL POST WITH NO ADDITIONAL COST In all STYLES Leathers A SHOE of Quality For the discriminating buyer of shoes who experiences diffi culty in being suited, we guarantee to fit and satisfy you. Our illustrated catalog and self measuring blank mailed on request. A large and carefully selected line. Patronize a Race Industry. Guaranteed Line $3.50, $4.00, $4.50, $5.00 Other Shoes $2.00, $2.50, $3.00 THE FRED DOUGLASS SHOE CO., INC. DEPT. LYNN, MASS. $3000 FOR YOU HAT' S the money you should get this year. I mean it. I want County Sales Managers quick, men or women who believe in the square deal, who will go info partnership with me. No experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required. Full length bath in any room. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. I tell you it's great I GREA T I Rivals $100 bath room. Now listen! I want YO U to handle your county. I'll fur Exclusive nish demonstrating tub on liberal plan. I'm positive—absolutely cerTerritory. tain—you can get bigger money in a week with me than you ever made in a month before. I KNOW IT I 100% . Two Sales a Day— Profit. $300.00 a Month That's what yon should get—every month. Weeded in every home, badly wanted, eagerly bought. Modern bathing facilities lor all the people. Take the orders right and left. Quick Kales, immense profits. Look at these men— Smith, Ohio, got 18 orders first week; Meyers, Wis., $250 profit first month; Newton, California, $60 in three days. You should do as well. 2 SALES A DAY MEANS $300 A MONTH. The work is very easy, pleasant, permanent, fascinating. It means a ^ business of your own. Little capital needed. I grant credit—Help you Out—Back you up —Don't doubt —Don't hesitate — Don't back—You cannot lose. My other men are g houses, hack accounts, so can you. Act than Demonstrating^^ quick, SEND NO MONEY. Just name on penny post card for free tub offer. Hustle! Tub \^ 4 2 2 Fac,op,os . S. Robinson, Pres., Bldg., TOLEDO, OHIO Furnished. H Canadian Branch —Walkerville,Ont Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Teachers The new efficiency era calls f  the modern way of selecting teachers, througho r a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the' whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Only No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog? C.	 R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern In the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, 111. Make Extra Money Each Week Light, pleasant and very profitable work. Take orders for our high grade calling cards at 50 for 25 cents with name and address. Big demand everywhere. Large commissions. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING. Indianapolis, Ind. Wealth is Power The Union Development Company's stock is a wealth producer. $40,000.00 of stock for sale at $10.00 per share. Stock is now paying 7%. Every dollar invested in first class improved business property, located in the heart of the city; no risk, no failure. Company duly chartered under the laws of Georgia; is composed of some of the most successful and influential business men and women of the city and has great earning possibilities. Send at once for free circular giving full information. Union Development Co. 458 West Broad Street Savannah, Ga. BEAUTY CULTURE A n art every woman should culti vate to retain the transparent, velvety complexion of youth. There's no secret or mystery about it, just use REJUVENATING CREAM' for cleansing and massage DELUXE POWDER for a beautiful complexion. Reju venating Cream, 20 cent jars. De- Luxe Powder, white, pink, or high brown, 50 cent boxes. Asa profession Beauty Culture offers a dlgnl fled and lucrative employment for young wom en. Most completely appointed Beauty Cul ture Parlors and School In the east. All branches taught. Special terms for a limited time. MADAM BARREAU Bristol Building NEW BEDFORD, MASS. PIANOS-PLAYERPIANOS FactoryToHome BY MY PLAN of selling direct from factory to home. I can save you from $110 to $200 on my celebrated Evans Artist Model Pianos. Two to Four Years to Pay The easiest kind of terms, weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. No charge for salesroom expense for my office is in my factory. These are some of the reasons why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let me send you the other reasons Write today. 30 Days Free Trial We allow all freight charges, let you use the. beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty day*/X! free, [f you are not entirely satisfied, we will tafe A it back without any cost to you—you are the sole XX*?' judge to decide. If you want to keep it, you mav%V\J*.' do So on our low factory wholesale price on/^y^r most convenient terms. Free Music Lessons T O EVERY CUSTOMER we win give a two year course of pianoinstruction Free. Ask about our liuuf ante plan and our method of saving you money. Write today. F. O. E»—s Piano Co. Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :; ATLANTA, GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Te n poems by EFFIE T. Battle, A.M. "Mrs. Battle ha* an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. Yo u owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, Southwestern Christian Advocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 25 CENTS. Address : Okolona Industrial School, Okolona, Miss. SILVER CHORD POEMS By one of the leading poets of the race, ADOLPHUS JOHNSON. Printed on fine Aberdeen book paper, highly glazed, and handsomely bound in Olive green cloth. A book for every home. In dialect and English. Start the buy a book movement. Agents wanted. Price 75C. foBtP*"1* THE GRAY PUBLISHING CO. 420 South 11th St., Philadelphia IN NEW YORK AT The Crisis, 70 5th Ave. Young's Book Exchange, 135 W. 135th St. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK 49 ADVERTISER The Story of Wendell Phillips by CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL "The story of the great abolitionist by a modern abolitionist " Mr . Russell says: The real emancipators of the slaves were Garrison, Phillips, John Brown and the few that, standing with them upon the exalted ground of right, despised expediency an This excellent book should be an inspiration to every lover of freedom. PRICE. 50 CENTS The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Better known at Opens July 1 SEA ISLE CITY Closes Sept. 15 N. J. The Ocean House The Gordon Sea View, Personally managed by Mrs. Lucy Lee. This is the only property we own on the Atlantic Beach front. Every room opens on the ocean. Bathing, boating, fishing, music, dancing. A beautiful view of the ocean while dining from our new conservatory dining room. Special rates to school teachers for July. Write for rates. Address: MRS. LUCY LEE, 5 Plain St., Elmhurst, N. Y. After July 1st, The Ocean House, Sea Isle, N. J. Helpful Ideas for Young People in Regard to Life and Sex By CHARLOTTE ABBEY, M.D. 204 South 7th Street Philadelphia, Pa. Price, 10 Cents, includes postage YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE (George Younj*) Novel Souvenir Post Cards Colored Authors and Books on Race Problems a Specialty. 135 W. 135th Street New York City If You Plan to Visit New York This Summer For study, sightseeing or pleasure, and desire quiet, respectable accommodations with the best private families, write the Housing Bureau of the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, at 2303 Seventh Avenue, New York. Our Service Is Absolutely FREE Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS LEGAL' DIRECTORY T.l .„i,„ ... /Central 104-W Telephones: | Main fil HARRY E. DAVIS A ttorney-at-L aw N otary P ublic 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS C ounsellor-at-L aw Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N . J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH A ttorney-at-L aw Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn GEORGE W. MITCHELL A ttorney-at-L aw 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN A ttorney and C ounsellor-at-L aw 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN A ttorneys-at-L aw 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS S urgeon D entist 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ERNEST W. KING Associate Architects SOO Odd Fellow Bldg. ATLANTA, GA. J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Mention ADVERTISER REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA C» . Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E . Corner 8th And Plum Streets. Cincinnati, Okie LADIES! $2.40 — Per Day-$2.40 Selling our high-grade Food Flavoring. Saucepan Free with each order. W. HENRY ELMORE, JR. 5IO Carolina Street Chattanooga, Tenn. Big Pay for Easy Work- Make $5 00 to $15.00 a day in your spare time — on tailoring orders. Write for line Free Sample Outfit, with special offer and wholesale prices on clothes for yourself. Address The Chicago Tailors' Association Dept. 309 Van Buren and Market Sit., CHICAGO NEED BRANCH MANAGERS 1^1 for my world-wide mail-order busi ness. Operate from your home. Spare time. You should make $50 weekly. Experience unnecessary. C. A. BUTLER, 412 Factories, TOLEDO, OHIO Rogers Silver State Seal Souvenir Spoon Get this genuine, guaranteed 188 1 ROGERS A 1 State Seal Souvenir Spoon of your own state. They cer tainly are beauties. Yo u never saw anything lovelier. The pattern is sim ply exquisite. They embody the new idea of smooth, large, bowl and the elaborately decorated handle. The kind women love. A heavy deep cut state seal design; noble, modern and elegant. The quality of the spoon is the very best, solid, substantial and rich. They are spoons you will be proud to own. The illustration gives you only a faint idea of the exquisite loveliness of the whole effect. These spoons are made and guaranteed by the time honored firm of Win. A. Rogers, which stands for finest designing, highest grade of workmanship and longest wear. Every spoon is wrapped in the original guar antee certificate. These spoons retail from 50c to 75c each. Special intro ductory price 15 cents each, 3c addi tional for postage on one spoon and 1c for each additional spoon. W e need ambitious, energetic and reliable men and women to represent us. Exclusive territory. This is a high grade clean proposition. Your opportunity; grasp it; address Rogers Souvenir Spoon Co. 2252 South Sacramento Avenue Chicago. III. The Crisis A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HOUSE BEHIN D TH E CEDARS. (Charles W. Chesnutt) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A N EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous) 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWL Y LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 TH E MARROW OF TRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 TH E SPORT OF TH E GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.00 NORRIS WRIGH T CUNEY . (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLAC K FOLK. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIN D OF PRIMITIVE MAN . (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMAT H OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 NEGRO I N AMERICA N HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AND HI S FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R . Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF TH E NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 TH E AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H. Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 TH E COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E. Baker) 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) 25 Address TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound—Ready May 1 At the low price of 50 cents net—By mail 56 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. These books may be obtained from The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per „ • volume. Each complete and sold separately - " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 50 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE B y H,la,re Be,loc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou 94 volumes now ready. Send for a list HENRY HOLT AND COMPANY 3 4 ™ m Mention THE CRISIS