The Crisis GREAT NORTHWEST NUMBER OF THE CRISIS SEPTEMBER TEN CENTS "1913 A COPY STATE OF NEW YORK The Emancipation Proclamation Commission OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WILL HOLD A NATIONAL EMANCIPATION EXPOSITION IN NEW YORK CITY OCTOBER 22-31, 1913 For information address the Commission at its offices Corner of 7th Avenue and 131st Street, New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS G. DILL, Business Manager Contents for September, 1913 COVER PICTURE. From Photo by Scurlock. Page CARTOON. By Lorenzo W. Harris 247 ARTICLES THE GREAT NORTHWEST 237 SEGREGATION. By a Veteran Civil Service Clerk 242 NOCTURNE. A Poem. By Alice Hathaway Cunningham 243 GETTING OFF THE COLOR LINE. By Jose Clarana 244 DEPARTMENTS ALONG TH E COLOR LINE 215 MEN OF TH E MONTH 222 OPINION 224 EDITORIAL 232 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR TH E ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 241 WHAT TO READ. By Jessie Fauset 248 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired_ In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. • MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 212	 TH E CRISIS Agricultural and Mechanical College Open all the year'. Fall term begins September 1, 1913. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Write to-day for catalog or free tuition. Address JAMES B. DUDLEY, President Agricultural and Mechanical College GREENSBORO, N. C. "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a first-clasa English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. An entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, hospital care and doctor's bill for the year. School opens the firBt Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President Morehouse College (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest Northern universities. Debating, Y.	 M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President. ADVERTISER Fisk University NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 H. H. Wright, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standards of independent manhood and womanhood. Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Nor mal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two yearB of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Begins September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. Virginia Union University RICHMOND, VA. A College Department, of high standards and modern curriculum. A Theological Department, with all subjects generally required in the best theological seminaries. A n Academy, with manual training, giving a preparation for life or for college. The positive moral and religious aim of the school, its high standards of entrance and of cla^s work, its fine new buildings and well-equipped laboratories and library prepare a faithful student for a life of wide usefulness. GEORGE RICE HOVEY, President Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Virginia Theological Seminary and College, Lynchburg, Va. COLLEGE OF LIBERAL ARTS — Standard Bachelor of Arts Course (B.A.). Scientific Course leading to the degree Bachelor of Science (B,SO THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY — Wit h full theological course leading to degree of Bachelor of Divinity (B.D.), including Greek, Hebrew, Sociology and Social Psychology. ACADEMIC COURSE — Whic h prepares for college, teaching and professional schools. NORMAL DEPARTMENT — Offering special training to teachers. Doing extensive work in Pedagogy and Education. Co-educational. Three hundred and five students last year, representing fifteen States, South and West Coast Africa, South America and British West Indies. Strong, efficient, experienced faculty. ROBERT C. WOODS, President. The Downingtown Industrial and AgriculturalSchool Will begin its ninth session September 16, 1913 Higher English, Trades, Agriculture, Domestic Science, Dressmaking, Millinery, Typewriting, Stenography, Music, etc. Address all communications to Wm.A. Creditt, President, 628 S. 19th Street, Philadelphia, Pa., or B. C. Burnett, Secretary, Downingtown, Pa. School of Medicine of Howard University INCLUDING MEDICAL, DENTAL AND PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGES 1867-1913 Edward A. Balloch, M. D.,Dean William C.McNeill, M.D.,Secretary The forty-sixth annual session will begin October 1, 1913, and continue eight months. The medical college of Howard Universityis now recognized by the British authorities and its graduates are admitted to the final examinations on the same conditions as the graduates 'from other recognized medical colleges. Advanced requirements for admission to the medical college. Four years' graded course in medicine. Three years' graded course in dental surgery. Three years' graded course in pharmacy. Full corps of instructors, well-equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. For further information or catalog, write W. C. McNEILL, M.D.,Secretary Fifth and W Sts., N.W., Washington,D. C. Mention ADVERTISER Inter-State Industrial College We Train the Head, Heart and Hand One hundred and fifteen acres of land Bitv/ated in healthy climate. Capable faculty; efficient work in industrial and literary training. Dormitories for hoys and girls. Assistance for deserving poor. Interdenominational contributions solicited. RUFUS S. STOUT, President Texarkana -Texas Morgan Collegeand Branches JOHN O. SPENCER, President MORGAN COLLEGE, Baltimore, Md. LOCATION : Central in great college town between North and South. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Music, Advanced Education, Collegiate, Appropriate Degrees. INSTRUCTORS : College and University trained. Seven Colleges and Universities represented in Faculty. DORMITORIES: For a limited number, furnished. TERMS : Very reasonable. DEAN : Rev. Charles Edmund Young, D. Jj. PRINCESS ANNE ACADEMY, Princess Anne, Md. (The Eastern branch of the Maryland Agricultural College.) LOCATION : The famous Eastern shore of Maryland, Somerset County. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Industrial, Do mestic Science, Music. INSTRUCTORS : Collegiate and Technically trained. DORMITORIES : Carefully supervised, furnished. TERMS : Free tuition; other expenses moderate. PRINCIPAL: Rev. Thomas H. Kiah, A. B. VIRGINIA COLLEGIATE and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE, Lynchburg. Va. LOCATION : On beautiful hill, suburbs of growing city. COURSES : Preparatory, Normal, Domestic Science, Gardening, Music. INSTRUCTORS : College trained; carefully selected. DORMITORIES : Furnished; steam heat; accom modations for 50 girls; carefully supervised. TERMS : Within the reach of all. PRINCIPAL: Frank Trigg, A. M. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 29, 1913 H Y not enroll your son or daughter in the Berean Manual Training and Industrial School, which has for its object the training of the head, hand and heart of our youth, thus fitting them for the practical requirements of everyday life? Day and night sessions. Four Departments: Domestic Art, Domestic Science, Industrial Art, Academic and Musical. Printing and Plumbing; special new trades for the boys. Comfortable dormitory facilities for both girls and boys on the premises. Non-resident students are required to board in the dormitories. A well-equipped gymnasium for use of the students. An improved Literary Course for day students. Fall term and 15th year opens Tuesday, October 7, 1913. Write Matthew Anderson, Principal. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South College Avenue ---Philadelphia, Pa. COLORED HELP WANTED PrivateFamilie ramilie £25-$30; cooks, $30 Houseworkers, $25 $50; laundresses, $30$35; chamber- waitresses, $25-$30. maids, $25-$28; wait ^•ftr,n • useful m«n. Also butlers, $35-$B0; useful men $25-$35; couples, $55-$75. Apply with references. • N. Y. &amp; N. J. Industrial Exchange Miller Building, Room 302, Third Floor 1931 Broadway, Corner 65th St. Mrs.	 E. Marrow, Mgr. New York City Positively Leading Agency for Colored Help TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT TONE-PLACING Points explained, viz.: Breath AND VOICE- in Singing, Trying the Voice, the DEVELOPMENT Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising, Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor or" the Paulist Choir of Chicago, 111., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded at the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. TInsley: "I take great pleasure In commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Tour own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, ' 'Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book la 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be In the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice.'' Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. FREEShotGun .FULL CHOKE Hammerless, Double-Barrel Shot Gun—very superior. Fitted with top snap-break, bar side locks, forged frame, case hardened locks and frames. Nicely finished, highly polished stock and fore end. Polished blued steel barrels; choke bored, 12 Gauge and either 30 or 32 inch barrels. Well balanced and accurate. A perfect beauty. The same model used by some of the best shots in the country. We give it mm some oi tne Dest snots in cne couniry. vvegiveiL » HUdi/nuciy rnkL iw vui Mgcma • All that we require is that you show our fl samples and take a few orders for our special made-to-measure clothes. We pay highest cash profits and give extra 5 Absolutely FREE to Our Agents 2 I I presents besides. Your choice of 628 I valuable premiums—such as Leather Suit 1 Cases, Musical Instruments, Pipes, Watches, Sporting Goods, Hats, etc. I Write for elegant free outfit and full particulars H1 SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. S46, CHICAGO1• SHEET MUSIC 3 Big Hits—10 Cents Popular selections at wholesale. To introduce our proposition we will send THRE E BIG- HITS FOR 10c, postpaid. KELLER, ROBINSON &amp; MONK 36 W. 118th Street New York MAKE EXTRA MONEY EACH WEEK In a light, pleasant and profitable work. We want a good colored pereon(male or female) In every colored community to take orders for our high-grade calling cards. We are furnishing theBe cards at 50c per 100 or25c for 50 cards with name and^address. We allow our agents a liberal commission on all orders they send in You are sure to make a success of this work for calling cards are in great demand everywhere Outfit furnished free. Exclusive territory given. Write now for terms THE HOUSE OF CHOWNIHG Dosk 21 INDIANAPOLIS, IND. $2,000 in Five Weeks! Made by one Robinson salesman. You—yourself—can positively make $00 and expenses every week. I want men like you, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me. but with me. I want you to advertise, sell and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Here's an absolutely new Invention that has taken the entire country by storm. Nothing else like it. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds In small roll, handy as an umbrella. Self-emptying and positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 5 years. Hustlers—east, north, west, south—coining money. Orders, orders, everywhere. Badly wanted, eagerly bought, for, remem ber, fully 70% of homes have no bathrooms. Immense profits for you. Two sales a day means $300 a month. Here's proof—real proof. Will Gunckel, Ohio, got $240 worth of orders first week. A. Bernider, Kansas, made $30 In four hours. Hamlinton, of Wyo.. made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. This Is not idle talk. Make me prove it. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. Then decide. No experience needed, no capital. Tour credit Is good if you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you sixty dollars every week. Sales Mgr., THE ROBINSON MFG. CO. HI Vance Street Toledo, Ohio Mention T H E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 6—No. 5 SEPTEMBER. 1913 Whole No. 35 ALONG THE COLOR LINE POLITICS. GABE E. PARKER, the alleged Cboc taw Indian, whose appointment as Registrar of the Treasury has been confirmed, "may have more Negro blood than Patterson, if he is not a white man," says a colored man who has seen some of the "Indians" in Oklahoma. If this be the case it is to be hoped that the Negro blood in these men came from different tribes, for Patterson's, as shown by his declination of the place which Parker got, must be of a very anaemic quality. ^ The appointment of a white man from Missouri to the office of United States Minister to Haiti marks the complete surrender of President Wilson to Vardaman, etc., in the matter of official recognition of the Negro. To be consistent with their segregation policy, the President's advisers should oppose this nomination, for it is inconceivable that a true-blue Southern gentleman and a Democratic politician can overstep the color line far enough to accept the "social equality with Niggers" without which there can be no American diplomatic intercourse with Haiti. Perhaps the people of the black republic will intimate to Mr. Wilson that a white man is persona non grata with them. Some years ago, when Roosevelt was considering the name of a colored man for Santo Domingo, a deputation of Dominicans, who all and always want to be considered white, called at the White House and informed the President that their government did not care to accept a Negro minister. Some days later, when Roosevelt for the first time saw the blue-eyed, pink-cheeked, disappointed- candidate for Santo Domingo, he exclaimed: "Why, are you a colored man 1 If I had seen you in time you would have had the appointment, for you are whiter than most of them down there." This particular Negro is "whiter" than Vardaman also, and his ancestry may show him to be more of an Anglo-Saxon than the Senator from Mississippi. ^ For a number of years a colored man, while exercising tremendous influence as the power behind the throne in the appointment of Negroes to office and enjoying political power and privileges which were the legacy of men like Frederick Douglass and Wright Cuney, whose fearless and uncompromising advocacy of unrestricted Negro suffrage made • it possible for the black man's vote to become a thing of value to the Republican party and the black man's complaint one that had to be heeded, went about the country telling all the people that colored men should have nothing to do with politics. A few months ago, when a Negro newspaper correspondent forecasted the Wilson Negro policy in a letter to the New York Times, that most influential mouthpiece of Southern reaction jauntily replied:' "The Negroes of the United States are doing very well. Thanks to the leadership of men like Booker T. Washington, they have become a law-abiding and industrious race and their interests are not centered in politics or officeholding. If President Wilson is doing precisely what THE CRISIS Mr. Allen accuses him of doing (i. e., 'closing the political door of hope against the Negro'), he will meet with no opposition from men like Doctor Washington, who have the interests of the race at heart." But Negroes were no less industrious and law abiding twenty-five years ago than they are to-day, and it cannot be denied that Frederick Douglass and Wright Cuney, who might have left the NegToes and become white, always had all the interests of all the Negroes at heart. Cuney lived in Texas, but no one ever hurt him for telling all the people all the time that Negroes should vote. When he was appointed collector of the port of Galveston he did not decline the nomination because of the opposition of white men all over the South, except those who knew him in his home town, and yet, when he died, the professional Nigger haters hastened to do him honor, as the whole country had honored Frederick Douglass. Neither of these men ever counseled the surrender of the political rights of the Negro. No man who advises the black man to sacrifice his well-earned franchise can have the interests—the best interests—of the colored race at heart. SOCIAL UPLIFT. THE New York emancipation commis sion has been progressing rapidly with its preparations for the exposition next month. Monroe N . Work, statistician of Tuskegee Institute and compiler of the Negro Year Book, has been making the charts and graphic exhibits of the Negro's rapid development, which will be a prominent feature of the exposition. The clergy throughout the State are helping in the work of publicity. Mrs. Mary W. Talbert, of Buffalo, and Mrs. W. R. Lawton, of New York, have been actively and successfully directing the women's department. A corps of organizers are gathering exhibits and exhibitors throughout the State. ^ The New Jersey commission is weathering its difficulties and hopes to make a splendid display at Atlantic City in October, and not this month, as originally planned. A special feature of the exposition will he the chorus of 1,000 voices and an orchestra of thirty pieces, under the direction of Mr. Evermont P. Robinson. The program includes a Coleridge-Taylor night, when "Hiawatha" will be rendered. and another evening will be devoted to the music of other composers. ^ The Pennsylvania exposition takes place during the whole of this month. The Illinois commission has been busy in its work for the State exposition, and a company has been organized at Springfield, Ill., to promote a national Negro exposition in 1915. «J The United States Patent Office at Washington, D. C, lias appealed for information about the names and work of colored inventors. *I There will be a Negro day at the National "conservation congress at Knoxville, Tenn. The congress lasts from September to November. The Negro exhibit is housed in a beautiful building, and the promoters of the congress have announced that "Negroes will positively be admitted to every building and amusement in the exposition grounds." &lt;I The Colored Cricketers of America, a team of West Indians, were defeated by an Australian team in a two-clay match at Celtic Park, L. I. &lt;I Mrs. E. J. Wheatley, of Baltimore, started a campaign which resulted in the closing of 163 saloons in that city. Mrs. Wheatley has also been instrumental in relieving the congestion in colored schools by securing for colored children a half-empty school used by whites. ^ The current issue of the Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, of Philadelphia, is devoted to "Fifty Years of Negro Progress." Members of the staff of TH E CRISIS have contributed articles on "Negro Literature" and "The Negro and the Immigrant in the Two Americas: A n International Aspect of the Color Problem." Monroe N. Work also contributed a statistical account of the advance of the colored people. 1 The Frogs, the New York association of colored theatrical performers, began in that city a one-week series of successful entertainments. The proceeds of these performances will go to a fund for recording the achievements of colored people in science and art. § Mr. F. H. M. Murray has delivered at Howard University and at several of the churches in Washington, D. C, an illustrated lecture on "Black Folk in Art." ALONG THE MEETINGS. THE National Negro Business League assembled in Philadelphia, where the city council had contributed $5,000 toward its entertainment. ^ The fourteenth annual convention of the I. B. P. 0. E. W. was held in Atlantic City during- the last week in August. *J At the fiftieth anniversary celebration of the battle of Fort Wagner, which took place in Boston, Mr. A. E. Pillsbury made a stirring address, from which we quote the following: "How is it possible to account for this monstrous treatment of the Negro? Have the American people no honor or sense of justice'? Yes, they have a sense of honor and of justice, but away down below it, deeper and stronger in the average man than his sense of justice are his prejudices, unworthy it may be, unwarrantable, despicable, but inexorable as the grave. The Negro is the victim of what is perhaps the meanest and the most universal trait of human nature. You cannot convince it. You cannot reason with it. No law or laws will control it. You cannot, as a rule, make laws in the face of a public prejudice, and if made they cannot be enforced. The only thing you can do with prejudice is to live it down. This will require infinite patience and infinite courage, but it can be done. The meanest man will come to a sense of shame if you give him reasons enough and time enough. "It is, in my opinion, no friend of the colored race who preaches dependence upon the white man, or holds out any promise or expectation of' justice from him, or tells them to look to the white man, North or South, for their rights. The fate of the colored race is now in its own hands. You will get your rights when you are fit to have them, for when you are fit to have them you will take them, and until you take them you are not fit to have them. There is one serious difficulty in the way which none but yourselves can remove. There seems to be a fatal lack of what may be called the genius of organization, the get-together and stick-together. Do you suppose that ten millions of Irishmen or Hebrews could be treated in this country as the Negro is treated? You say no, and you are right. You cannot conceive of COLOR LINE such a thing, and why? Because they would stand as one man. Ten millions of Irishmen or Hebrews would pull down a government which treated them as you are treated, or tolerated or connived at such treatment, just as the Irish at home pulled down one government after another until they extorted from a reluctant Parliament and people the promise and the performance of home rule. It may be that this is a fundamental defect in the Negro race, or it may be that the right leader has not appeared. He will not be a white man. When the leader appears, and when you have learned that union is indispensable and division fatal, your cause is won." EDUCATION. The problem of "educating the black man" includes the problem of educat ing the white man in some of the fundamen tals of his highly prized and rightly prized democracy.—Chicago Evening Post. *I Among the four or five summer schools especially for colored teachers, those at Wil berforce, 0., Institute, W. Va., and Greensboro and Durham, N. C, were the most important. The experiment at Wilberforce was new but promising. Mr. W. A. Joiner, superintendent of the State department of Wilberforce, conducted the school and was assisted by Mrs. Jennie Cheatham Lee and Mr. Woodard, of Tuskegee, Doctor Woodson and Doctor Moore, of the District of Columbia, Miss Cooper, of New York, and many of his own staff. Among the lecturers were Doctor Du Bois, Kelly Miller and G. N. Grisham. Wilberforce is growing in interest and as a great natural center for the Negro race. Its newer buildings are of singular beauty and the summer-school body was a most intelligent and companionable group. *I The executive committee of the Associa tion of Negro Industrial and Secondary Schools met in Atlanta and formulated plans for its work. The association explains the need and purpose of its existence in the following paragraph: "It cannot be too often repeated that this association proposes to be a thoroughgoing business auxiliary and practical helper of all the schools that join it. We want to work out in a scientific spirit and with scientific persistence some of the great problems now confronting our schools. The attitude of the country toward Negro edu THE CRISIS cation to-day is vastly different from what it was ten years ago. Of all the changes which might be catalogued, two are most significant: first, the growing coolness of Northern philanthropy; secondly, the way in which the burden of education in the South is being thrust back more and more upon our own shoulders. We are, therefore, the more called upon to get together among ourselves. If we do not face this situation squarely and fearlessly, and organize in the most practical and helpful ways, who can tell what the future holds in store for us, especially at a time when our political life and status are so much in jeopardy!" *1 Four colored young women were graduated from the New Jersey Normal School at Montclair. They will teach in the colored schools of South Jersey. 1 Miss Frances B. Grant received the highest honor which the Girls' Latin School of Boston offers to a graduate—the Griswold scholarship, tenable at Radcliffe College. She was one of sixty-two in the graduating class. *I Morgan College, of Baltimore, is the alma mater of W. Ashbie Hawkins and many other distinguished colored citizens of Baltimore. At its last commencement it conferred degrees upon forty-five students from nine States and one foreign country. The college conducted successfully a summer school at Princess Anne, Md. PERSONAL. ISAAC FISHEE , of East Lake Station, Birmingham, Ala., a teacher, was awarded the first prize of $100 offered by the St. Louis Post-Despatch for the "ten best reasons why persons should come to Missouri." There were thousands of competitors from more than twenty-five States. Mr. Fisher has never been in Missouri, so he was compelled to rely on books for his information. Not only the amount he secured, but his method of arranging it, decided the judges in his favor. His first reason for boosting Missouri. is, "Security of life is assured in the State." One proof of this, he says, is the excellent climate. The other is, "As regards homicide, the courts and not Judge Lynch rule." The second best reason is, "Missouri ratified the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution, and she has a constitutional provision forbidding slavery." &lt;I Mrs. Mary Church Terrell has been elected a vice-president of the Alumna? Association of Oberlin University. &lt;J Miss Blanche Beuzard, who was the only colored girl to receive this year a diploma in the course of household science and art, at Pratt Institute, Brooklyn, N. Y., goes to direct this department in the Lincoln High School, Wilmington, Del. &lt;I Mr. S. H. Hubert, a graduate of Atlanta Baptist College, who held last year a fellowship offered by the Urban League for sociological studies at Columbia University and the New York School of Philanthropy, is doing a successful practical missionary work among the Indians at Gay Head, Mass. *I P. G. Wolo, a Kru chieftain from the hinterland of Liberia, has entered Harvard with an excellent preparatory record. *I Chicago has been very much exercised over the discovery that William H. Lee, a wealthy publisher who died intestate and with no known relatives, had led the life of a hermit because his business might have been ruined if he had disclosed the fact of his Negro blood. Colored men who knew him say that he had relatives either in Louisiana or in Canada, though he never committed himself. Lee contributed much to charitable work among the colored people. *I Fred. McKinney and Artee Fleming, graduates of Howard University, have passed the bar examinations in Missouri with high ratings. 1 The colored people of Norfolk, Va., have presented to Captain Taylor, a prominent white lawyer, a silver loving cup because of his services to the race in the abolition of twenty saloons in four short blocks occupied chiefly by colored people. Doctor Morris, who secured the assistance of Mr. Taylor, led in the movement to reward him. «I La Porte, Ind., a town of 12,000, laments the death of the most prominent of its hundred colored residents, Bolar B. Banks, who had been a member of the city council. The local daily says: "His going pulls at the heartstrings and brings memories of his well-spent years." ALONG THE *I William Eliot Furness, a member of the "Old Guard" of fighters for humanity and justice to the black man, died at Chicago. Mr. Furness, who was an eminent lawyer, had served in the Civil War as captain in a colored regiment. He was a director and one of the founders of the Frederick Douglass Center, and he withdrew from the American Bar Association when it drew the color line. ^ Miss Helen Simpkins Jackson has the distinction of being the first and only colored graduate of the Manasquan (N. J.) High School. MUSIC AND ART. IN RECOGNITION of the eminence as a composer of music of her husband, the late Mr. Samuel Coleridge-Taylor," says the London Times, "and in consideration of the circumstances in which she has been left by his premature death," t he British government has awarded to Mrs. Jessie Coleridge-Taylor a pension of £100 under the civil-list act, which provides for the relatives of persons who have distinguished themselves in art or literature. The daughter of Justin McCarthy and the widow of Sir Francis Purdon Clarke, who was at one time the director of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York, appear on the same list with the English widow of the lamented Anglo-African composer. ^ The largest theatre in Knoxville, Tenn., was given over to an enthusiastic audience of white and colored people at the initial concert of the Coleridge-Taylor Choral Society. Vocal soloists on the program were Mmes. A. D. Fugett and R. H. Lattimore and Mr. Lacey. Their work, as well as the violin solo of Mr. George McDade, was received with great applause. The chorus, under the direction of Mr. C. S. Cornell, a white man, has won itself a place in the esteem of all Knoxville. Its next presentation will be the "Hiawatha" of the composer whose name it is honored in using. Coleridge-Taylor enjoyed the distinction, unusual for an artist, of public favor and appreciation during his short lifetime, but his popularity continues to increase among the white people of his native England even more rapidly than among the American colored people. Many compositions "of his, COLOR LINE unknown in America, have recently been produced at various places throughout the British Isles. Over the master's grave at Croydon a stone has been erected, bearing a beautiful inscription in the words of his faithful friend, the poet, Alfred Noyes, and ending with four bars from "Hiawatha": "In memory of Samuel Coleridge-Taylor, who died on September 1, 1912, at the age of 37, bequeathing to the world a heritage of an undying beauty. His music lives. It was his own, and drawn from vital fountains. It pulsed with his own life, but now it is his immortality. He lives while music lives. Too young to die—his great simplicity, his happy courage in an alien world, his gentleness, made all that knew him love him. "Sleep, crowned with fame, fearless of change or .time. Sleep like remembered music in the soul, Silent, immortal; while our discords climb To that great chord which shall resolve the whole. Silent, with Mozart, on that solemn shore; Secure, where neither waves nor hearts can break; Sleep, till the Master of the world once more Touch the remembered strings and bid thee wake. * * * Touch the remembered strings and bid thee wake." FOREIGN. THE Venezuelan government has erected in Caracas a monument to Petion, the President of Haiti who gave substantial aid to Simon Bolivar in his struggle for the independence of Spanish America. The French government has decided hereafter to make colonial troops do service in France. *1 A colored man commanded the detachment of Mexican troops which shot an American immigration officer at Juarez, across the Rio Grande from E l Paso, Tex. «I When the Anglo-Dutch Union of South Africa was formed it limited federal suffrage to "white people of European descent," and since then repeated attempts have been made to deprive the non-white races of their long-established local suffrage in Cape Colony. Throughout the union the colored, or mixed and Asiatic, people and 220 THE the natives, realizing from the start that political exclusion must ultimately place them completely at the mercy of the white man, have never yielded an inch of ground in their fight for a say in the government of their country. The African Political Organization, representing primarily t lie mixed and alien colored people, and the South African Native National Congress, have co-operated and gone "from strength to strength" toward the triumph of their cause. P. K . Isaka Seme, a Zulu who won the Curtis gold medal for oratory at Columbia University and afterward studied law in England, is secretary of the native congress. • He evidently learned in the United States something that a good many black people not so far removed from civilization as the Zulus have yet to learn. ^ The Anti-Slavery Society of Rome has awarded a medal to Senhor Alfredo H . Da Silva for his labors for the suppression of slavery in the Portuguese colonies. Senhor Da Silva, who came to this country as a delegate to the recent conference of the World's Students' Christian Federation, made an address at St. Mark's Church in New York City. His pamphlet, "0 Monstro da Escravatura"—Slavery the Monster —led to the Portuguese government's taking steps to repatriate the black workers unlawfully held in the colonies. Portuguese slavery at the present day is not more cruel than the slavery of the Putumayo Indians in Peru nor of King Leopold's Negroes in the Congo, whose blood and (ears built the mammoth white skyscraper of the United Tire Company in New York and adorned the necks of French actresses with pearls and diamonds. The only difference between Portuguese slavery and the indentured labor of East Indians in British colonies, which followed the liberation of the blacks and still persists, is that the East Indians may go home if they live through their servitude, while, until Senhor Da Silva became active, the Portuguese planters would not let the blacks go on the completion of their contracts. In this respect slavery in Angola and Mozambique is exactly like slavery in Alabama and Mississippi. Senhor Da Silva suffered much for the cause of the Portuguese blacks. He was called a traitor to his country and a disturber of its peace. He now has the satisfaction of knowing that CRISIS his country has placed human rights over the rights of dollars and dividends and cocoa crops. We need some Da Silvas in Alabama and elsewhere in America. ECONOMICS. IN a paper upon the economic status of the Negro, Professor Hunley, of the State University of Virginia, says: "In '63 there were 3,000,000 slaves in the South, valued at an average of $500, or a total of one and a half billion dollars. This represents the shrinkage of property values in slaves as the result of the war. To-day there are 3,000,000 Negro men who represent an economic value of $2,500 each, or a grand total of seven and a half billions. In fifty years the loss has been made good five times. There are 20,000 Negroes in the government service; 20,000 are in business; 70 per cent, are literate; 800,000 are either farm owners or farm renters." THE GHETTO. "DRIVE back to the support of the re bellion the physical force which the colored people now give and promise us, and neither the present nor any coming administration can save the Union. Take from us and give to the enemy the hundred and thirty, forty or fifty thousand colored persons now serving us as soldiers, seamen and laborers, and we cannot longer maintain the contest." *! Forty years after Lincoln, in 1864, made the above defense of his enlistment of colored soldiers and seamen, it had become the settled policy of the United States navy to enlist colored men only fvs "boys" for the officers and, occasionally, as stokers, according to a white sailor's substantiation of the charges of discrimination made by Cleveland G. Allen. Secretary Daniels, in denying these charges, only resorted to the diplomatic fraud and subterfuge which recruiting officers have been using for the past ten years to keep colored men out of the naval service. *J Senator Clapp, the member and friend at court of the N. A. A. C. P., has introduced a resolution demanding the authority and the reason for the segregation in the civil service at Washington. &lt;I Passaic, N . J., has been very much overwrought because Samuel DeFrees, who, "save for a dark-olive complexion, has no ALONG THE COLOR LINE appearance of being a Negro," married a ' girl whose complexion is other than olive and who is heiress to a considerable estate. The lady is well educated, 28 years old, and had spurned several suitors, more of her own complexion. She is satisfied with DeFrees, for she "had eyes to see and chose him." •3 In Jamaica, N. Y., and in Wilmette, a suburb of Chicago, efforts are being made to prevent Negroes from purchasing property. In the latter place all colored workers have been dismissed. *I The colored people of Cincinnati are protesting, for more reasons than one, against the statement in an anonymous letter, the author of which was discovered, that "some Niggers voted under the names of white men who did not vote" in a municipal election. «! Dr. H. E. Lee, of Houston, Tex., was informed by the New York Post-Graduate Hospital that he would be admitted to practice in their clinics.-A colored friend then told him of an experience with the same institution. Doctor Lee then wrote to the hospital authorities telling them of his color. He received a telegram instructing him to "await letter." The letter said he was not wanted. He is going to Rochester, Minn., where he will be the second colored man to study under the Mayo brothers. &lt;I The hypocritical inconsistency of the Southern fire eaters displayed in their acquiescence in the appointment of one of their own to the legation at Port-au-Prince is probably of deeper significance than the mere elimination of the colored officeholder. Jeffersonian Democracy is just a little more imperially inclined than the government which took possession of the Philippines, and the United States has long been anxious to get control of Haiti. It will be recalled that Fred. Douglass incurred the displeasure of his government because he failed to. get the Mole St. Nicolas for an American coaling station. A man who is particularly close to (he Wilson administration, and who is now a special agent of the State Department, has long advocated a general American protectorate over Central American States and Haiti. Perhaps a white man is more likely than a colored man to surrender the independence of the country of Toussaint l'Ouverture to the American friends of slavery. CRIME. THE St. Paul Pioneer-Press, discussing McReynolds' attempt to exculpate the. accused in the Diggs-Camminetti cases, says: "The point the Attorney-General denies having ruled on was* brought out by the attorneys for the prizefighter Johnson in his trial in Chicago. It was sustained by the court. While the law, as it has been interpreted, may be more sweeping than it was at first expected, or possibly intended, no one will contend that its wide reach is not in the interest of right and decency. An interpretation such as was credited to the Attorney-General would have exempted Jack Johnson and others arrested on similar charges." At Port Tampa, Fla., one white man met death and two were wounded—one of thorn fatally—in an assault on the home of a Negro. The county solicitor released the Negro from arrest for justifiable homicide. *I Six colored boys under 18 set out from Cookeville, Tenn., for Oneida, to work on railroad construction. On the way they learned of serious trouble between the white and Negro laborers, and turned homeward along the railroad track. They were fired at from ambush. Two fell dead. Another, wounded, ran into the woods. Two of the other three got home and reported their experiences. 1 Atlanta tried to lynch a Negro for the alleged murder of a young white girl, and the police inquisition nearly killed the man. A white degenerate has now been indicted for the crime, which he committed under the most revolting circumstances. &lt;J At Blountstown, Fla., a Negro was lynched, with the usual side attractions of gun play and the torch, for having given sanctuary to a Negro accused of killing the deputy sheriff. The alleged murderer had escaped. &lt;J Two colored men have been lynched at Ardmore, Okla., one on account of a dispute over the price of a watermelon, in which a white man was killed, the other on account of the killing of a white boy, who was found in a colored man's watermelon patch. The integrity of the white race must be preserved! MEN OF THE MONTH OUR BUSINESS MANAGER. MR. A. G. DILL , who joins the staff of THE CRISIS this month as business manager, is an example of the type of progressive young men who are making themselves felt in colored America. Born at Portsmouth, 0., in 1881, he began at the age of 17 to teach in his native town. In li)02 he entered Atlanta University, receiving the degree of A. B. in 1906. He then supplemented his studies at Harvard, where in 1908 he received the bachelor's degree. In 1909 Atlanta conferred upon him the degree of A. M. While at Harvard Mr. Dill taught in the evening schools of Cambridge, and from AUGUSTUS G. DILL 1908 to 1910 was Northern secretary and agent of Atlanta University. In the latter year he went to Atlanta, where, conjointly with his duties as associate professor of sociology and organist of the university, he did the work for which he is best known, as joint editorStudies."  of the "Atlanta University m A CHEMIST, MR. RICHARD H. PARKER, of New ark, N. J., is a specimen of that rara avis among us, the man who prefers to be sought after rather than to seek; who has, as he says, "always avoided publicity," or, in other words, has steered clear of the cuts and writeups which so many of our people, fully alive to the advantages of advertising, have made a prominent feature of the colored weekly newspaper. Seldom, however, has TH E CRISIS persuaded a man more deserving of honor to emerge from his cocoon of modesty and give to the youth of the race the inspiration and encouragement of the releasing of his own wings for a career far more enduring than that of a butterfly. Some fifty years ago Mr. Parker was born in Marlborough, Md., where he had the advantage of an elementary education. While, in his teens he went to Baltimore, and later to Washington, where he became an apprentice in a printing establishment. After having learned to set type as well as anyone else, he enlisted in the United States navy and became steward of the President's yacht "Despatch." In 1886 he left the navy and became an assistant in the laboratory of the engineer for the city of Washington. Here he began the training and the study which have made him an authority on MEN OF THE MONTH RICHARD H. PARKER. asphalt, cement, paving and building materials, and secured him his present position as chief analytical chemist in the laboratory of Col. J. W. Howard, one of the leading engineers and contractors in the country. He continues his independent researches and has frequently contributed to the trade and technical journals. Mr. Parker had been for twelve years a member of the Society of Chemical Industry, a British organization, before the American Chemical Society decided that it would be honored by including him in its membership. He has the distinction of being, so far as is known, the only colored member of either of these bodies. But there is no reason why he should be the last, if some youth possessing the ability devoted himself to the "patient study and hard work" to which Mr. Parker attributes his success. m A JOURNALIST. TO those who argue that the colored man's opportunities, such as they are, lie only and exclusively south of the Mason and Dixon line, where alone there is no prejudice against the Negro who "has something that the while man wants or can use," the career of Mr. Parker is a glaring contradiction. Another is thai of Mr. J. R. Bourne, who is chief proofreader for the Riverside Press, of Cambridge, Mass. Mr. Bourne was born in 1875, at Barbados, West Indies, where he received his education. He was associated with two other colored men in founding the first of the four daily papers now published in that island. In British Guiana and at Trinidad Mr. Bourne divided his attention between prospecting for gold and journalism, serving as a reporter for the Daily Standard and the Argosy of Demerara, and as the . official proofreader for the government of Trinidad. He later held the same office with the Imperial Department of Agriculture for the West Indies. In 1903 he came to the United States, and three years later married Miss Ida May Sharp, of Cincinnati, who had been a teacher at the College of West Africa, in Liberia. Mr. Bourne is a member of the British Institute of Journalists and finds time in his present position for reviewing and private editorial work. J. R. BOURNE. OPINION With Hare of trumpets and rolling of drums and multi-colored uniforms the white workingmen of the United States dignify labor on the first day of September. By murder and intimidation and threats and coercion the white workingman degrades labor every day in the year by denying to the black man the opportunity of earning his bread or, when the black man is permitted to work, by cheating him of the just reward of his labor. That the increasing opposition of organized and unorganized labor to colored men is limited to no one section of the country is clearly pointed out by the Philadelphia Public Ledger: "The movement against Negro labor is by no means confined to the North. The country has not forgotten the determined strike against Negro firemen on the Georgia Railroad in the year 1908. In the spring of 1011 there was precipitated for the same purpose on the Cincinnati Southern Railroad one of the fiercest and bloodiest strikes that this country has ever witnessed. This strike had scarcely subsided when the firemen on the Southern Railroad of Georgia threatened to strike unless certain of their demands against Negro firemen were acceded to. A strike was finally averted only by the railroad officials agreeing to employ no Negro firemen north of Oakdale, Tenn. It was also stipulated that the white firemen and hostlers should be paid approximately 30 per cent, more in wages than was received by Negroes for identical service. "In a recent address before the Evangelical Ministerial Alliance of Atlanta, Ga., former Gov. W. J. Northen, of that State, called attention to the fact that there is in that commonwealth 'a strong combination determined to eliminate the Negro' from various lines of employment to which for decades he formerly had been admitted without question. Governor Northen expressed it as his opinion that this studied effort to submerge the Negro industrially is one of the gravest questions that confront the people of Georgia. And in this conclusion there are few thoughtful persons who will disagree with him, not only with reference to Georgia, but to the entire country." When this one of a series of editorials appeared in a paper which is controlled by a Southern Jew who has no particular love for the Negro, a colored man who makes it his business to glorify the South at all times and at all hazards sent a letter challenging the accuracy of the Ledger's observations and conclusions. Without admitting the labor conditions in the South to be ideal for the Negro, the Ledger maintained "this contention merely emphasizes all the more by contrast what we have been trying to show," that wherever white labor of any quality is obtainable the Negro, however skilled and capable he may be, is not given an opportunity to work. The Ledger emphasizes the "moral lapsing" of the Negro as a cause of his disabilities, but points out the reason for the existence of what it considers an "unwonted amount of recklessness and crime among the American Negroes of to-day. "One State after another is conducting investigations in an effort to connect an inadequacy of wages with the widespread existence of so-called white slavery. There is not an industrial opportunity which is enjoyed by Negro women that is not enjoyed much more fully by white women; while most of the opportunities enjoyed by white women are as a sealed book to Negro women. If economic restrictions are conducive to degradation among white women it may, therefore, readily be appreciated OPINION 225 how immeasurably more baleful to colored women are (he slavish conditions under which they exist. "This is but a concrete illustration of the disparity of economic opportunities between the two races. The country is almost con tinuously in a turmoil because of the indus trial strikes by which both native and alien labor is seeking to increase wages, shorten hours and improve conditions generally. Yet, who pauses to consider that these strikes are almost invariably against work and conditions that Negro citizens (by actual test in at least one notable instance) are not permitted to share, even though they offer to work for nothing and board themselves ? "There is scarcely a section of the coun try which is not gradually displacing Negroes as menials, hotel servants and the like, thus virtually forcing upon countless thousands of non-professionals among them the dire alternative of making a living by questionable means. "The American people will one day hang their heads in shame at having been parties to any such wholesale oppression and re pression of a people who are so intricately linked with the destinies of this nation." The Ledger finds the chief cause and points the way to the solution of the gravest problem in American life: "Many white people are guilty of an unreasoning race prejudice. This prejudice blinds them to the good qualities of the Negro, and prevents them from seeing the difference which does exist between the better and lower strata of the Negro race. Such prejudice speedily grows into antipathy, an antipathy which manifests itself in unjust laws and in making the Negro's life harder and harder. "Under such circumstances the thing to be done is that both races shall recognize the facts of the case and act accordingly. White people should be willing to acknowledge the Negro's manhood and to give him a chance to earn an honest living. They should aid every endeavor by the better class of Negroes to elevate and purify their race. They should take a sincere interest in the Negro's welfare. Above all, the two races, instead of cultivating prejudice and animosity, should do their utmost to understand and aid one another. Indifference and antagonism can lead only to disaster." That the determination to deprive the Negro of the opportunity not, only of working for a living as an employee, but of working for himself, is taking hold of all classes of white men in all branches of labor all over the country is exemplified by I lie recent experience of chauffeurs. In New York City, when a gentleman decided to employ a colored driver, he was asked for permission to change the garage. "If I put the car where you keep it now, the other men will puncture the tires and damage the machine." This condition has led to the refusal of garage proprietors to store machines driven by Negroes. "Each day," says the New York Commercial, "sees accessions to the list of auto storage places where the brother in black is not wanted. Whether the white chauffeurs are banded together in league against the black is not clear, but certain it is that garage proprietors are daily inviting auto owners with Negro chauffeurs to store their machines elsewhere. 'If I keep your machine,' one auto owner was informed, T shall lose six or eight now stored here. It's a business matter with me.' " After a column of editorial dribble about the futility of the colored man's "journey to social equality at the North," which section "has not yet learned that the Negro may be kept in his place at the kitchen door while the parlor door remains slightly ajar," the Commercial suggests the superior economic opportunities of the Negro in the South, where "we shall next hear of the formation of associations for the advancement of the interests of the Negro of the North, and the Southern white man will embark on a campaign of education." Meanwhile, in Fort Worth, Tex., and in Miami, Fla., the white taxicab drivers and chauffeurs have assaulted and beaten Negroes who dared to engage in an occupation which ought to be reserved exclusively for white men, and the Southern Progressive Farmer has started a campaign to educate the white people to the need of confining the Negro farmer to the land which he now occupies, or which the white man is not likely, to be able to use in the future. On every hand, the purpose of the average white man, of the white man of Southern birth who believes that the Negro's only place is in the kitchen, and of the immigrant who fears that there will be no room for THE CRISIS himself in the kitchen or the garage if the Negro is allowed to enter, seems to be to deprive the colored man of the right to exist. The only thing for the Negro and his white friend to do is to band together to secure respect for the manhood of the Negro and to fight tyranny and oppression, whether in the parlor, the garage or the kitchen, in land segregation in the South, or in home segregation in eities, as those who sympathize with the aims of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People are fighting successfully in Baltimore and elsewhere. The Chicago Evenina Post savs: TILLMAN I,TM "Those labor organizations which ET AL. avowedly exclude the black man do so chiefly from the instinct of imitation''—not from the instinct of economic self-preservation. ''They have very little proletarian feeling; they imitate the middle classes as much as they know how to, and so for a real class policy of co-operation with the black man which would eventually be to their economic advantage they substitute a middle-class policy of social exclusion.'' Why should they not, when they have so exalted an example as that set by the bar association? If a white lawyer cannot admit a colored man to his union, why should a colored man have a chance to enter the union of commercial telegraphers, even if he had the skill of the record-breaking wireless operator on the Brazilian dreadnaught "Minas Geraes"? And if no Negro is to be admitted into the union, no Negro may engage in the labor whose interests the union is organized to protect. If a colored man may not answer the roll call at a convention of railway mail clerks, there is no reason why his name should be placed on the payroll of the United States as a railway mail clerk, if the white mail clerks say so. The white mail clerks have been saying so, and Tillman. Vardaman et al have added to their renown by segregating col ored clerks in the departments at Washing ton, with a view to their ultimate elimina tion, and by defeating the nomination of colored men to offices which white men want. The press has been too busy to give more than passing attention to A. E. Patterson's cowardly declination of his nomination for the office of Registrar of the Treasury and to President Wilson's more cowardly attitude in permitting this forced refusal of a well-earned office by a man who wanted it, but such comments as have been made in decent quarters are reminiscent of the general disgust at the action of the American Bar Association with regard to colored members. The Brooklyn Eagle, which is not at all characterized by any particular sympathy for the colored race, must have been disappointed at the inaccuracy of its forecast of the result of the nomination: "Since the years following close on the reconstruction period, when the name of Blanche K . Bruce, a former Senator from Mississippi, appeared as Registrar of the Treasury on our greenbacks, the position has been a sort of prescriptive right of the Negroes loyal to the party in power, whether Democratic or Republican. President Wilson follows custom in naming Adam E. Patterson, leader of the Democratic Negroes of Oklahoma, as Registrar. It is likely that there will be no hitch about the confirmation of Patterson. Custom is a binding force in Washington. "It is fair to say that, without exception, the Negroes who have filled" this place have been faithful, hard-working officials, and have justified their selection. White men might have done as well, but could not have done better. "The number of Negro Democrats in the United States, North as well as South, is likely to grow immensely before the Wilson administration is over. That will be a particularly wholesome thing for the race as a whole. Thinking Negroes have long regretted the substantial solidarity of the colored vote for Republicanism. They know that the hope of the Afro-American lies in voting, as do other citizens, on principles at issue in a given election." The Wheeling (W. Va.) Intelligencer sees in Mr. Wilson's breach of faith with the colored voter a "serves him right'' for the former Negro Republican: "How deep) and abiding is the love of the Democratic politician for the colored man and brother? "Every once in a while we see earnest efforts made by Democratic candidates for office to create the impression that they, as individuals, and the Democratic party as a OPINION 227 party are friendly to the black man. As a matter of fact, the backbone of the Democratic party in that section of the country which gives to democracy the majority of its electoral vote and its representatives in Congress is inspired by no stronger sentiment and bound together by no stronger tie than hatred of the black man and enmity to the colored race. "A n illustration is now to be had in Washington. One Patterson, a Negro from Oklahoma, made himself conspicuous in the support of Wilson. Mr. Wilson was elected President, and Democratic politicians thought it a wise thing to recognize Patterson's service by the appointment to the position of Registrar of the Treasury. This is a position that has been held by black men. The great Frederick Douglass, under a Republican President, was honored with this office, and filled it with credit. Now, what happened when Patterson's nomination was sent to the Senate? Immediately there came up from the Democratic Senators of the South a roar of protest that shook the walls of the Capitol, and was heard even in the White House. Vardaman, of Mississippi, who was elected to the Senate as a Negro hater, and Tillman, of South Carolina, and their followers served notice on Woodrow Wilson that the nomination of Patterson could not be confirmed. Mr. Wilson, with the power of the Presidency in his hands, could force recalcitrant Democrats to support a tariff bill to which many of them objected. He could drive them to the support of a currency measure which did not meet their views, but he could not drive them to accept the supreme humiliation of voting for a black man for a responsible public office. There the Southern warriors drew the line, 'sah,' and were willing to shed their blood, 'sah,' if need be, in defense of the sacred privilege of the white Democrats of the South to hold all the offices." "It may be doubted if intelligent public opinion anywhere," says the Philadelphia Public Ledger, "is averse to the holding of public office, where conditions favor it, by colored men. Ostracism of colored men in the public service will not be permitted, in all probability, by the President, who received thousands of colored votes. Mr. Wilson does not believe in social equality between the races, but he does believe in political equality and equality of opportunity, or acquiesces in the principle. Otherwise he could not conscientiously have taken the oath of office." But Mr. Wilson has belied the confidence which "intelligent public opinion" placed in him by permit-ling "the ostracism of colored men in the public service." The Boston Evening Transcript hopes that "these things are not being clone with the knowledge and approval of the preacher of the gospel of 'the new freedom.'" But the Philadelphia Bulletin asserts: "Negro blood ought not to be a bar against a nominee otherwise fit for the position, and the President, having made the appointment, pays tribute to Vardaman and his virulent prejudice in permitting it to be withdrawn." The German Volkszeitung, of New York, sarcastically comments on a sentence in the first chapter of Mr. Wilson's "The New Freedom": "No man may arrogate to himself the right to place a fellow man, whom nature and training have placed on an equal footing with him, upon a plane of inferiority." "This cravenness," says the Volkszeitung, of Patterson's conduct, "will be of no use to the crafty President. He will, nevertheless, have to answer whether he is disposed, from contemptible fear of the Southern 'gentlemen,' to tread under foot all the rights of the Negroes—much as they are already unlawfully limited and forcefully cut down—or whether he is willing to consider fitness for office at least to the extent that he will not suffer the whole colored population to be excluded from the Federal service. A remarkable 'new' freedom, indeed, which has brought us this Democratic administration, a reversion to the darkest times of the past century, when the colored man was without protection and without rights, being little more than cattle to be sold in the auction mart to the highest bidder." The New York Evening Post rebukes Patterson for declining the nomination, but sees in Vardaman and his ilk the wind that may blow some good: "Mr. Patterson asked to be allowed to withdraw because of the violent opposition of the Negrophobe Southern Senators— Vardaman, Tillman, Hoke Smith, and the rest. That he lacked the courage to stick it out and to insist on having his name THE CRISIS passed upon is greatly to be regretted. In a sense, he was recreant to his race; that he has not helped either Mr. Wilson or the colored people appears clearly from Vardaman's glorying in the defeat of Mr. Pattersou's ambitions. The integrity of the Anglo-Saxon race, Mr. Vardaman adds, depends upon the 'faithful consummation' of this program. What a delicate integrity it must be! "For the first time since we have heard of him, it occurs to us that this Senator from Mississippi is serving a useful purpose. He has flung down a challenge to this Democratic administration which Mr. Wilson cannot avoid. Shall the President give up the historic right of the executive to appoint to office, to the extent, at least, of permitting a fraction of the Senate to bar out ten millions of American citizens from serving the government, save in the lowest positions, and then as lepers set apart? Shall he fling the Negro overboard after more of his race voted for Wilson than for any other Democratic candidate; shall he be a just President of all the American people, or only of those of the white race? Is the 'New Freedom' to be accepted as preaching political doctrines whose truths are no longer truths when they meet the color line?" The Post further discusses the segregation at Washington, and concludes: "That all of this will go without challenge is not to be expected. The Progressive Senators are already alive to their opportunity. The colored people themselves are beginning to be heard from, and their political influence is not to be despised. But we do not believe that this phase of it will concern Mr. Wilson. We think that when the matter is put before him in its true light he will withhold his sanction from it, just as we believe that he will not permit any Southern reactionaries, however influential, to deter him from giving, in the matter of offices, fair play to a heavily disadvantaged race." THE NEW Someone has said that the EMANCIPATION. most effective gag to the blatant ran tings of Vardaman would be to employ detectives to find out just how much Negro blood courses through the veins of this yellow champion of the "delicate integrity of the Anglo- Saxon race," or how much of his blood, whatever it may be, has been transmitted to children whom he calls Negroes. A man of experience recently observed: "No one is more uncompromising on the subject of Negro inferiority than he who fears that he has in his veins a drop or two of African blood." Perhaps the "Southern journalist" who writes in the Boston Evening Transcript is more careful about preserving a more genuine Anglo-Saxon integrity than are a good many men in the Congress of the United States, or in the Southern legislatures. Describing as a "campaign based on error" the activities of a society recently organized in Philadelphia, this writer says in part: " A society in Philadelphia, in this semicentennial year of emancipation, has appealed for funds wherewith to begin a campaign 'to curb the vicious elements of the Negro race,' the undertaking having its origin in acceptance of the conclusion that throughout the country there is a growing tendency to ostracize industrially all colored people on account of the criminal activities of a comparatively small proportion of them. "Omitting consideration of perfectly obvious reasons for crime, such as whiskey and drugs, a second incitant is the practice of miscegenation, which invariably is irritating to Negro men, and in some instances leads to reprisals in kind. "Abuse of the Negroes by money lenders is another cause of crime. In the lumber camps, the phosphate camps and other places where Negroes labor in numbers, the petty exactions of men who have lent them money, or the physical cruelty, sometimes, of gang bosses, arouse a spirit of revenge, which does not last long, but is extremely dangerous while it does last. There are gangs of Italians in the North more harshly treated and driven more sordidly, but they are not of the same mold as the black man. And in these camps, it should be added, the vices of civilization abound, while its emollient elements are conspicuously absent. "There are many so-called desperate black criminals who, at the worst, are guilty of only misdemeanors. A case, for instance, in which a Negro was condemned to death went on appeal to the United States Supreme Court. It refused to interfere. The OPINION 229 governor of the State, however, commuted the sentenc to life imprisonment. 'I am glad lie did it,' said one of the jurors in the case. 'A desperate criminal like that ought never to have escaped hanging,' said a drummer. 'Well,' answered the other, "I served on the jury and 1 know he was not guilty. Hut one of the white jurymen was sick and the judge wouldn't let him go until there was a verdict. They finally persuaded the three of us who were for acquittal that it was better to hang the darkey than to have the white man die, so we acquiesced.' That Negro is in the penitentiary to-day, or was at last reports. If he is pardoned now his degeneracy into criminality would not be remarkable. "There are no organizations such as the Black Hand and the East Side gangs in New York among the Negroes, no alliances among desperate men for the perpetration premeditatedly of felonies. Such major crimes as Negroes commit are due either to intoxicants or some sudden, passing fury. Negro desperadoes are not numerous. There are fewer of them in proportion to population than there are among the whites. The surest way to convince one's self of the utter fallacy of the idea that the Negro is innately criminal in instinct is to read the history of the hundreds of thousands of them who, during the war, protected not only the property, but the families of their absent masters, when no physical power held these faithful servants in check. "It would be idle to question the harm that has resulted to Negroes in the aggregate by the prevalence of the belief that they are innately criminal; but it is very much worth while to show that this reputation is essentially unearned and undeserved. It is a cruel injustice. Were it true, the cotton fields of the South must have been abandoned by the whites years ago. It is possible to go further; 9,000,000 white people in similar conditions of poverty would probably have produced two criminals for every one the Negroes have produced. It might be profitable to analyze the origin of such colored criminals as there are and discover how many of them have white blood in their veins. The truth is that the Negro is innately not criminal and any campaign for 'curbing the vicious elements of the race' should be based on that conclusion and not on the contrary of it. "The generation of colored people which is now growing up has advantages thai no previous generation enjoyed, In many cases the parents have achieved real prosperity and arc giving their children the benefit of it. Schools arc more numerous and arc better administered. The dawning of prosperity in the South has made work more remunerative and has opened new fields of endeavor. The churches are becoming more and more efficient. The whites are being of more material assistance in the advancement of the race. The courts arc beginning to administer a more evenhanded justice. The better enforcement of prohibition laws and more stringent regulation of the liquor traffic where sales are not absolutely unlawful are beginning to show effects. " A more reasonable attitude toward the race question on the part of the North, and the Hareback in Southern sentiment from the noisy vulgarities of men like Blease, together with the sane work being done by such institutions as the Jeanes Fund, under the wise administration of Pro*lessor Dillard—these things are sympathetically and otherwise effective in elevating the moral perspective of the race. It is giving it virtue instead of vice to imitate that will completely rehabilitate the reputation of the black man. Al l he needs is a fair chance and the moral support, in all kindness, of the whites." THE MULATTO. To those who know the perils to which any man exposes himself in the South by frankly and honestly admitting that the mulatto is not necessarily a degenerate, and, consequently and ultimately, that racial intermixture by lawful means should not be prohibited when everything has been and is being done to promote it by the subjection of the woman of the weaker race, it was something of a surprise to find Prof. H. E. Jordan, of the University of Virginia, declaring in an article in Popular Science Monthly that "the mulatto is the leaven with which to lift the Negro mass." This declaration in itself was not strange, for Professor Shaler, himself a Southerner, has said the same thing, and the late Edward Wilmot Blyden, with the pride of his unadulterated Negro origin and the confidence derived from residence in a country where 230 TH E CRISIS black is the fashionable color, claimed that white blood has been the salvation of the Negro in the New World, for the black man who was weak enough to be caught and shipped away as a slave was naturally inferior in mind and body to the black man who possessed ingenuity enough to escape from the toils of slavery and remain at home as a slave hunter. This theory of Doctor Blyden does not take into account the fact that those blacks who survived the horrors of the passage across the Atlantic and lived through American slavery at least went through a test of'endurance unknown to those who stayed to bask on the sun-swept banks of the Niger, and it will hardly withstand the opposing argument of the career of Toussaint l'Ouverture, not to mention Phyllis Wheatley, Benjamin Banneker, and the hundreds of able leaders of apparently unadulterated blood among the American Negroes of to-day. But the thing that makes the mulatto especially useful is that, with the white man, he shares the pride of his white blood and is less likely than the black to submit to artificial distinctions of race where nature has bridged them. Frederick Douglass, the son of a white man, expected and demanded everywhere, and at all times, the treatment that would be accorded to any other white man's son. The most prominent present-day mulatto, although ostensibly an advocate of servility to the white man, has generally managed to secure, for himself at least, the consideration given to a white man. Vardaman. whose friends own up to his possession of "Indian" blood, not only considers himself the equal of the white man, but sets himself up as the preserver-in-chief of the white man's civilization. It is not unnatural that, if this civilization is to be measured chiefly by the length of the hair, the shape of the face, and the "spissitude" of the lips, the Negro and Negroids, since they have to live and maintain some civilization, should seek to conform to the orthodox physical qualities which alone will guarantee the preservation of their life. Professor Jordan made in his article a statement which, as a general tendency resulting from the color prejudice in this country, it would be ridiculous to deny. He was exceedingly cautious in his words, but he did not altogether succeed in avoiding offense to the sensibili ties of the South. He now comes forward with a lengthy explanation and a refutation humbly confessing his sins before the almighty god of fear and lying and lynching and murder: "In view of what I have said"—in preceding paragraphs of a letter "to the press"—"I think that a dispassionate rereading of my entire article will show that my argument was in favor of the intermarriage of mulattoes and Negroes. Now that my attention has beeu called to it I confess that the statement that the Negro aspires to be mulatto and the mulatto to be white, and that in this they should be encouraged was most unfortunate. To interpret this as meaning that intermarriage between the white and the Negro should be encouraged contradicts, however, all the rest of the argument as I intended it. I do not defend the sentence as written. I explicitly deny that I approve or ever approved, or meant to suggest the miscegenation of the white and colored races. If I deserve cen sure it is for the unfortunate manner in which was expressed the idea that the ambition on the part of an inferior race to ascend from a lower to a higher moral and intellectual status is a worthy one." Mr. Jordan, in his original article, had spoken of the white man's natural aversion to the pure Negro woman, as if, with the existence of such aversion, the mulatto could have come into being. H . G. Creel, a Socialist writer, has been investigating the "low-down depravity and unprintable immorality" of the lumber camps in Arkansas. He has printed some of what he saw in the National Rip-Saw of St. Louis. THE CRISIS reprints from Tsala Ea Bathoe (The People's Friend), of Kimberley, a quaint treatise on the origin and maintenance of miscegenation in the form of a letter from a paramount chief in Bechuanaland: "I have a garden of wild nuts (Morama). What I wish to draw attention to is the following: I have read from many South African newspapers and thought it was mere jealousy on the part of the writers to the natives. To-day I am writing about 'white peril' in Kanye, the chief town of the Bangwaketse, in the Bechuanaland Protectorate. In the first place, when we plant wild nuts, we do not expect to reap oranges. Many people in this town who OPINION 231 had gardens of wild nuts are reaping yellow oranges, which is quite a shameful business. There are ten illegitimate white children in this place born of native women by white men. It is very often said that when a native is found in this business with white women, the native is to be sentenced to death. I therefore ask what should be done to these white men in Kanye? We do not want to see white babies among natives, unless they are born in lawful wedlock, but these are not. "This shameful intercourse will not do for this town or for any territory occupied by the natives. "In all the European towns I have visited no black children are found as a result of illicit union between black men and white women, except of those who are married according to law." m The Union of South Africa, SOUTH AFRICA. • ... ^ T T •. in imitation of the United States of America, and especially the south ern section thereof, having decreed that a white skin is always to be the sine qua non to the realities expressed by the high-sound ing phrases about "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness," has been so indus triously pointing to the black man the way to become white that the government of the South African Union has had to make a special investigation of the so-called black peril, for the native has been led at times to make those "reprisals in kind" of which the Southern Journalist speaks and which the Rip-Saw man thought of while in the dance hall of a lumber town where there was "absolutely no color line," except that which gave to a white man the prerogative of replacing a black man in the attentions of a Negro woman. These reprisals have generally had additional provocation in the system of native "boy" service to white women, the "boy" of whatever age being considered rather-in the nature of a block of wood. Under the circumstances the "boys" in South African homes or on trains and in hotels in America have played the part of the wooden Indian remarkably well. The native's occasional reassertion of his humanity brought forth from the South African black peril commission the recom mendation that "measures be taken to check this evil by upholding and, where necessary, uplifting the status and prestige of the white race, by maintaining the respect in which it should be held, and by doing away with aught and all that may tend to diminish that status, prestige and respect." "The defects of the report," says the conservative missionary organ, the Christian Express, "lie in its inevitable onesidedness. The status of the natives is also of importance, and every denial to them of the consideration due to citizens is a shortsighted error fraught with evil consequences in the future." A. P. 0., the unmuffled organ of the African Political Organization, makes a caustic criticism of the commission for publishing a report embodying facts which "we have reiterated ad nauseam in our columns": "The whole report is simply a condemnation of the laxity of conduct of many white women, and of the greed for gain that impels others to corrupt the raw native. "The system of having native boys as domestics . should have been condemned in stronger terms. It is unfair to the 'boys.' " 'To eliminate the house boy would enforce a very great hardship on many a homestead in the absence of any substitute which at present can be found.' The elimination of the house boy is thus not a matter that calls for any consideration of the 'boy' himself. His elimination would take place to-morrow if a substitute could be found. But that would at present prove a very great hardship to many a white household. Hence the commission recommends two precautions which we should think any rational being would take without being reminded of their importance by a corky government report printed in a blue book. The two recommendations are: care in selecting a good moral boy and the removal of temptations to the commission of crimes. Such are the feeble methods by which the whites think they are doing their duty toward those to whom they owe their protection. What we contend is that the system of house-boy service is radically wrong. It does not matter whether the house boys are whites or blacks. The only difference would be that the while boy being more civilized and more sophisticated would constitute the greater danger. Let the commission on such questions report heroically and honestly, and the perils would soon end." EDITORIAL THE FRUIT OF THE TREE. LET no one for a moment mistake that the present increased attack on the Negro along all lines is but the legitimate fruit of that long campaign for subserviency and surrender which a large party of Negroes have fathered now some twenty years. It is not necessary to question the motives of these men nor to deny that their insistence on thrift and saving has had its large and beneficent effect. But, on the other hand, only the blind and foolish can fail to see that a continued campaign in every nook and corner of this land, preaching to people white and colored, that the Negro is chiefly to blame for his condition, that he must not insist on his rights, that he should not take part in politics, that "Ji m Crowism" is defensible and even advantageous, that he should humbly bow to the storm until the lordly white man grants him clemency—the fruit of this disgraceful doctrine is disfranchisement, segregation, lynching, and that last straw, the cowardly and unspeakable Patterson. Fellow Negroes, is it not time to be menI Is it not time to strike back when we are struck.' Is it not high time to hold up our heads and clench our teeth and swear by the Eternal God we will NOT be slaves, and that no aider, abetter and teacher of slavery in any shape or guise can longer lead us ? ANOTHER OPEN LETTER TO WOODROW WILSON. SIR: On the occasion of your inauguration as President of the United States, TH E CRISIS took the liberty of addressing to you an open letter. TH E CRISIS spoke for no inconsiderable part of ten millions of human beings. American born, American citizens. THE CRISIS said in that letter, among other things: "The only time when the Negro problem is insoluble is when men insist on settling wrong by asking absolutely contradictory things. Yo u cannot make 10,000,000 people at one and the same time servile and dignified, docile and self-reliant, servants and independent leaders, segregated and yet part of the industrial organism, disfranchised and citizens of a democracy, ignorant and intelligent. This is impossible and the impossibility is not factitious; it is in the very nature of tilings. "O n the other hand, a determination on the part of intelligent and decent Americans to see that no man is denied a reasonable chance for life, liberty and happiness simply because of the color of his skin is a simple, sane and practical solution of the race problem in this land.'' Sir. you have now been President of the United States for six months and what is the result? It is no exaggeration to say that every enemy of the Negro race is greatly encouraged; that EDITORIAL every man who dreams of making the Negro race a group of menials and •pariahs is alert and hopeful. Vardaman, Till man, Hoke Smith, Cole Blease and Burleson are evidently assuming that their theory of the place and destiny of the Negro race is the theory of your administration. They and others are assuming this because not a single act and not a single word of yours since election has given anyone reason to infer that you have the slightest interest in the colored people or desire to alleviate their intolerable position. A dozen worthy Negro officials have been removed from office, and you have nominated but one black man for office, and he, such a contemptible cur, that his very nomination was an insult to every Negro in the land. To this negative appearance of indifference has been added positive action on the part of your advisers, with or without your knowledge, which constitutes the gravest attack on the liberties of our people since emancipation. Public segregation of civil servants in government employ, necessarily involving personal insult and humiliation, has for the first time in history been made the policy of the United States government. In the Treasury and Postoffice Departments colored clerks have been herded to themselves as though they were not human beings. We are told that one colored clerk who could not actually be segregated on account of the nature of his work has consequently had a cage built around him to separate him from his white companions of many years. Mr. Wilson, do you know these things? Are you responsible for them? Did you advise them? Do you not know that no other group of American citizens has ever been treated in this way and that no President of the United States ever dared to propose such treatment? Here is a plain, flat, disgraceful spitting in the face of people whose darkened countenances are already dark with the slime of insult. Do you consent to this, President Wilson? Do you believe in it? Have you been able to persuade yourself that national insult is best for a people struggling into self-respect 1 President Wilson, we do not, we cannot believe this. TH E CRISIS still clings to the conviction that a vote for Woodrow Wilson was NOT a vote for Cole Blease or Hoke Smith. But whether it was or not segregation is going to be resented as it ought to be resented by the colored people. We would not be men if we did not resent it. The policy adopted, whether with your consent or knowledge or not, is an indefensible attack on a people who have in the past been shamefully humiliated. There are foolish people who think that such policy has no limit and that lynching, "Ji m Crowism," segregation and insult are to be permanent institutions in America. We have appealed in the past, Mr. Wilson, to you as a man and statesman ; to your sense of fairness and broad cosmopolitan outlook on' the world. We renew this appeal and to it we venture to add some plain considerations of political expediency. We black men still vote. In spite of the fact that the triumph of your party last fall was possible only because Southern white men have, through our disfranchisement, from twice to seven times the political power of Northern white men—notwithstanding this, we black men of the North have a growing nest egg of 500,000 ballots, and ballots that are counted, which no sane party can ignore. Does your Mr. Burleson expect the Democratic party to carry New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, by 200,000 votes? If he does will it not be well for him to remember that there are 237,942 black voters in these States. We have been trying to tell these voters that the Democratic party wants their votes. Have we been wrong, Mr. Wil SEATTLE: MR. SCOTT'S CATERING BUSINESS. (See page 240.) THE SUMMER SCHOOL AT WILBERFORCE: A TENNIS CLUB. (See page 217.) TH E CRISIS 236 son ? Have we assumed too great and quick a growth of intelligence in the party that once made slavery its cornerstone ? In view of all this, we beg to ask the President of the United States and the leader of the Democratic party a few plain questions: 1.	 Do you want Negro votes? 2.	 Do you think that a "Jim Crow" civil service will get these votes? 3.	 Is your Negro policy to be dictated by Tillman and Vardaman ? 4.	 Are you going to appoint black men to office on the same terms that you choose white men ? This is information, Mr. Wilson, which we are very anxious to have. ' TH E CRISIS advocated sincerely and strongly your election to the Presidency. TH E CRISIS has no desire to be compelled to apologize to its constituency for this course. But at the present rate it looks as though some apology or explanation was going to be in order very soon. We are still hoping that present indications are deceptive. We are still trying to believe that the President of the United States is the President of 10,000,000. as well as of 90,000.000, and that though the 10,000,000 are black and poor, he is too honest and cultured a gentleman to yield to the clamors of ignorance and prejudice and hatred. We are still hoping all this, Mr. Wilson, but hope deferred maketh the heart sick. Very respectfully yours, TH E CRISIS. LIES. AS WE have repeatedly intimated, the Bourbon South lies. It lies so repeatedly and openly that most innocent bystanders cannot believe it possible. Take, for instance, this letter in Life from a Georgia Congressman : "I n regard to the leasing of convicts by the State of Georgia, I desire to say that above five years ago Georgia did away absolutely with that system. No convicts are leased in Georgia and have not been for about five years." This is a deliberate attempt to deceive the public. Georgia does lease convicts. The only change made in the law five or six years ago was to let the State pay the guards over the private contractors' camps, and to call those twenty-five or more private camps scattered through the State, under the control of private lessees, the "penitentiary !'' Then the State says we do not "lease" our convicts, but does not forget to boast in its own reports: '' The contracts so made will bring into the State treasury annually, for a period of five years, beginning April 1, 1904, the gross sum of $340,000, and after deducting the necessary expenses of this department estimated at $115,000, will leave a net amount of $225,000 per annum, which, under the law. will be divided among those counties not using convict labor upon their public roads, according to population, to be used for school or road purposes." What, in the long run, can any cause, gain by systematic lying? THE GREAT NORTHWEST. FOR the enterprising col ored man with either a good trade or profession or a few hundred dollars of capital the Great Northwest offers extraordinary inducements. For this reason we give this month much space to this extraordinary section of this great land and we urge persons minded to go there to communicate with THE CRISIS for advice. Empty-handed laborers without skill or money are not needed. Let them work and save where they are. But young, vigorous, educated persons or thrifty folk of middle age will be more than welcome. The Great Northwest .rfOu. .u$)Mi .u$Ui .u&amp;a. .u&amp;* THE characteristic of the Great Northwest is its unexpectedness. One looks for tall black mountains and ghostlike trees, snow and the echo of ice on the bills, and all this one finds. But there is more. There is the creeping spell of the silent ocean with its strange metamorphoses of climate, its seasons of rain and shine, until one is puzzled with his calendar and lost to all his weather bearings. Then come the cities. Portland one receives as plausible; a large city with a certain Eastern, calm and steady growth. The colored population is but a handful, ahit over a thousand, but it is manly and holds its head erect and has hopes. Portland was the only place out of nearly fifty places where TH E CRISIS has lectured that did not keep its financial contract, but this was probably a personal fault and not typical. Typical was the effort to establish a social center, to enlarge and popularize a colored hotel, to build new homes and open new avenues of employment. From Portland one goes with a sense of puzzled inquiry. Why have colored folk come here? • Why should they stay and what is their outlook? Then comes Tacoma and the first surprise. Why is Tacoma? one asks—so dainty a city high on its hills,  with the breath of promise in its lungs? MR. HARRIS' GROCERY, TACOMA. THE CRISIS MR. CHANDLER'S EXPRESS BUSINESS, TACOMA. Here are less than a thousand colored folk, but peculiarly free and sturdy and individual. They have a colored paper which is not colored. They have a branch of our association with a genius for secretary—a soft-voiced woman, utterly feminine, and yet an untiring leader of men, who may yet make colored Tacoma famous. Here the fight against race prejudice has been persistent and triumphant. There is no freer .city in America, in hotel and restaurant and soda fountain. Laborers have a man's chance, and in the civil service are many colored people. The mayor of the city, being wise, came to our lectures and ate at our banquet and saw the passing of the silver loving cup, the treasure of all the journey. Next day three of us went to Seattle. See America and then—Seattle. Seattle is the crowning surprise—the embodied unexpectedness. Imagine, if you please, north of the northmost woods of Maine, a city of 300,000, gleaming with mighty waters, where the navies of the world may lie. Washington has over 6,000 Negroes and 2,500 live in Seattle. They rival Los Angeles as a group. There is the lawyer, Andrew Black; the doctor, David Cardwell; there is caterer Stone, who dined us, and the inimitable Norris, who looks at you with twinkling gravity and talks of "your" people. There was the minister, clean in body and soul. Above all there was Beattie. I remember her as a chubby schoolgirl in Boston out of Denver. Then twenty long years and more, and we meet here in Seattle in the fire glow beside the cut glass and silver of a dinner that I hunger and thirst for yet. Another mayor came to our lecture, jolly and strenuous, and in the midnight I said good-by and went my way. There came an interlude—a perfect day on perfect waters, flying northward where hurry the shadow of undropped snows and the peace of endless understanding. For that one day of rest I thank thee, Perfect Spirit. So the journey in the Great Northwest ended. Ended as this stupendous land could end in three whole days and four whole nights in one sleeping car on the way back to Kansas City. In that journey [ recalled everything from the Grand Canyon to Seattle. I recalled the charming and simple hospitality of the best-bred race on earth. It takes extraordinary training, gift and opportunity to make the average white man anything but an overbearing' hog, but the most ordinary Negro is an instinctive gentleman. He may transgress the letter of the social law but seldom its spirit. THE GREAT NORTHWEST MB. MOKTON'S HOME AT EVERETT. Thinking of all this I came out of fairyland back to the world again. Coming out of the West I have some way again and again dreamed a vision of some city set like Seattle on a hill with the roses of Los Angeles and the Golden Gate of San Francisco in the dim distance and the Grand Canyon looming down from heaven. Through that city two great and thick-thronged avenues cross forming four arms—Prince's Street of Edinburgh is one, the Elysian Fields of Paris another, Orange Grove Avenue of Pasadena is a third, and the fourth may be the Kansas City Paseo, or Piccadilly—I am not sure which. Then high in that centralsquare I think would ATTORNEY A. R. Chairman of THE be fit place for The singularcolored peopleSeattle, should the Throne of God.  thing is why a thousand  in Tacoma, or 3,000 in mean so much more to themselves and the world than 100,000 of "BLACK, SEATTLE.CRISIS Committee. the same people in parts of Alabama or Georgia. The answer is clear to the thoughtful. The colored folk in Tacoma and Seattle are educated; not college' bred, but out of the shackles of dense ig norance; they have push, for their very coming so far westward proves it; and. above all, they are a part of the greater group and they know it. The great gToup recognizes them as men and women. Their social educa tion goes on apace. ml i • The y glory in THE CRISIS ME. CHANDLER'S 12-FAMILY Tacoma, for Tacoma is theirs; they glory in Rainier,, for Rainier is their God of the Mountains. They are one with the land and their spirit has grown big with its bigness. Yet they have not forgotten their people. They want them to come and find freedom as they have. They want picked men—good hard-working vegetable farmers; merchants, men with a few hundred dollars of capital, men with well-trained brains. To such colored men they cry on -to Washington; It is a great State. It may lie a great colored State. The land is there in sheer abundance. The climate is there mild and alluring. The mountains and the sea are there. Come! APARTMENT HOUSE, SEATTLE. What shall our pictures say of all they might say 1 Little, indeed, and that with much apology for thing's omitted and slightly touched on. Out of a dozen prominent citizens we choose Mr. Andrew L. Black, a well-known and pushing lawyer, who made the visit of the editor of THE CRISIS possible and most pleasant. Then as headpieces are two business people —a clothier of Bellingham and a hairdresser of Seattle. Of numerous businesses we have selected a caterer's shop, a grocery store and a fuel and express enterprise. Then of a number of pretty homes we call attention to Mr. Morton's and to an apartment house, not forgetting this: NATIONAL ASSOCIATIONOr COLORED INTERNATIONAL CONGRESS ON SCHOOL HYGIENE. THE National Association has been in * vited to participate in the fourth international congress on school hygiene to be held in Buffalo, August 25-30. An exhibit will be sent, consisting of wall charts and mounted photographs illustrating the contrast in white and colored schools in the South. Mr. James B. Clarke, who has been acting on the staff of THE CRISIS, will give Dr. Du Bois' illustrated lecture, "Following the Color Line." The association is most fortunate in having Mr. Clarke, a Cornell graduate and a linguist of rare accomplishments, as its representative at this international congress. Mention of Mr. Clarke was made in THE CRISIS for October, 1911, under "Men of the Month." M SEGREGATION. BALTIMORE.—On August 5 the Mary land Court of Appeals unanimously sustained Judge Elliott's opinion that the West Segregation Act was unconstitutional. The court, however, took pains to point out how an ordinance could be drawn which would be constitutional, thus really supporting the principle of segregation. Such an ordinance has already been drawn by Mr. Dashiell, and it is claimed by friends, of segregation that this new ordinance can be carried out immediately after its passage without fear of attack in the courts, because it meets the objections pointed out by the court of last resort in the State. FOR THE ADVANCEMENT  PEOPLE •&gt; SEGREGATION IN CIVIL SERVICE. The association regards the recent segregation in the government departments at Washington, which is commented upon elsewhere in this issue, as the most serious condition the colored people have had to face since the war. The association is giving the matter its closest attention and will' publish later the result of its work. BRANCHES. THE hearty spirit of co-operation in our •** branches is indicated by the responses we are receiving to our request for contribu tions to the new lawyer's salary. In addi tion to those mentioned in the last issue of THE CRISIS, Detroit, Topeka, Quiney and Tacoma have each contributed $100. This evidence of confidence in the work we are trying to do is most encouraging. We realize it is particularly difficult to raise funds in the summer. In their generous and prompt response branches of the small membership of Quiney and Tacoma have set a pace that is most stimulating. PHILADELPHIA. The constitution of the Philadelphia branch has been approved. The officers are as follows: President, Ellwood Heacock; vice-president, Dr. E. W. Johnson; second vice-president, James H . Williams; secretary, Mrs. S. W. Layten; treasurer, Howard C. Roberts; directors, Rev. John MacCallum, Richard R. Wright, Mrs. Mary Mendale, Rabbi Eli Mayer, Bishop J. S. Caldwell, Rev. E. W. Moore, Hon. George H . White, Miss Frances Bartholomew, Mrs. Addie Dickerson. TH E CRISIS Quincy. A June feast was given by the Quiney branch at the Eighth and Elm Streets Baptist Church with the following program : Invocation, Rev. T. L. Smith; instrumental solo, Miss Stella Zimmerman; reading, Mrs. Dyson; vocal solo, Garfield Mosby; address, "Our Colored Americans," J. Frank Garner; vocal solo, Mrs. Nannie Hall ; address, "The Grandfather Clause," Prof. Willis N. Brent; selection by Fields' Orchestra. The address of Prof. Brent was well received. Mr. Potter spoke in the place of the mayor. TACOMA. The following have been elected to fill vacancies in the executive committee: Mr. R. L. Winn, Mr. D. H. Parker, Mr. Leon Dumas. A strawberry festival for the benefit of the association was given at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Percy Robinson and was most successful, a substantial sum having been realized. WASHINGTON. At the meeting of the board of directors on August 5 it was voted to adopt the following report of the committee on branches in regard to the situation in the Washington group mentioned in the last issue of TH E CRISIS: We find that the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has no official branch in the District of Columbia. We therefore recommend that all members of the association who have paid dues in the city of Washington up to and including June 20 (the date of the last meeting of the Washington group) shall be recognized as constituting the official branch of the association in the District of Columbia, and we further recommend that a constitution shall be provided by your board of directors for this branch which shall require an election of officers on the third Friday in January and which shall give authority to the committee on branches to select officers for the branch to hold office until that date. (Signed) J . E . SPIXGARN, CHAS. H. STUDIN, M. C. NERNEY, Committee on Branches. PERRY'S VICTORY CENTENNIAL. THE chairman of the board of directors. who has been endeavoring to secure the representation of the colored' people at Perry's victory centennial, has been advised by the secretary-general of the celebration that a resolution has been unanimously adopted authorizing the committee on the Put-in-Bay celebration to name an orator representing the colored people of the country at the interstate ceremonies to be held at Put-in-Bay, September 10, the one hundredth anniversary of the battle of Lake Erie. The name of the orator thus authorized will be announced in connection with the general program in due time. SEGREGATION By a Veteran Civil Service Clerk THE segregation of colored workers in the employ of the United States civil service is a proposition presented to the attention of the country for the first time during the 124 years that colored persons have been employed in various capacities in the civil branch of the government. From the beginning of the government under the Constitution down to the present colored people have been numbered among the officers. At first, and up to 1S63, they were employed only in the minor and menial positions. In 1S63 Salmon P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury in President Lincoln's Cabinet, appointed the first colored man to the position of clerk in the government service. For fifty years the precedent has been followed. From 1S63 to 1S83, the period of the spoils system, the number of appointments of colored persons to clerical positions, though considerable, was the cause of little comment, and of no adverse criticism. With the reform of the civil service and the introduction of the system of appointments by competitive examinations and the establishment of a register of eligibles, it was predicted that colored people would be entirely eliminated from the clerical grades of the service. Such, however, has not been SEGREGATION the case. From the very beginning those of the colored people who had any sort of educational equipment embraced the opportunity to enter the competitive examinations. With what success their venture was attended, the report of the Civil Service Commission for the year 1S91 will testify. It was therein stated that large numbers of colored persons had successfully passed the tests and had received appointments; and the opinion was expressed that they were of higher intellectual attainments and moral ideals than those who had found their way into the service through the methods of the spoils system. In the succeeding years that record has been repeated and even excelled. It cannot escape comment that the first appointment of a colored man to a clerical position in the service of the government was made by a Cabinet officer of Democratic antecedents, and that the first proposition to segregate such employees comes from a Democratic administration. At no time in the history of the government has any colored person .ever been appointed to any position, except after the most careful and painstaking scrutiny of his experience, faithfulness, reliability and general reputation. It would be a revelation of the heights of moral excellence and practical usefulness to which colored people are capable of attaining if the archives of the government would yield up the "endorsements", upon which the appointments were based. The records of these persons in the positions of all kinds to which they were appointed would, in the great majority of eases, corroborate the "endorsements." This applies particularly to those who come into the service without the reformed competitive test. As to the others the matter of appointment and the record made since appointment can be no subject of dispute. It is the rarest thing in the world to hear of a colored employee being dismissed from the service for misconduct or inefficiency. Officials of superior rank in administrations by each of the political parties have had colored employees promoted strictly on the ground of merit, testifying to their intelligence, reliability and general efficiency. Segregation as applied to these persons is deprived of the usual pretext put forward in its justification. Here are persons sought to be wronged and humiliated, who are not ignorant, nor immoral, not indecorous, not given to crimes against white women or other women. By every test by which men seek to try men they have been tried, and have been found not wanting. Nothing could better illustrate the injustice and cruelty of race prejudice than this blow aimed at a class of persons whose only fault is their excellence, whose only crime is a difference in external aspect from their fellows. Segregation, if accomplished, will be but a step in the direction of complete elimination of colored persons from the government service, and of loss of citizenship and ultimate expatriation, if not extermination. Those who appear as the strongest advocates of segregation avow this. No argument is now offered in favor of segregation that was not put forth in defense of the institution of chattel slavery. Segregation is intended to make colored people feel that they are inferior to white people. The feeling and acceptance of inferiority is the foundation upon which slavery rests. NOCTURNE By ALICE HATHAWAY CUNNINGHAM Wreathed with a silver cloud, the moon Sails o'er an azure sea, A flute-voiced shepherd trills a tune Of haunting melodv. Sweet heavy scents from blossoms pale On lazy zephyrs float. A hush!—the song of the nightingale Bursts from its golden throat! The stars come out in a sapphire sky Bejeweling one by one, To glow just for a night, with dawn they die At the kiss of their Lord, the sun. Getting Off the Color Line By JOSE Clarana BRAZIL is a country where there is no color line. The chief reason for this remarkable phenomenon, which "passeth the understanding" and excites the ire of the tourist or newspaper writer from North America, is, perhaps, that Negro slavery in Portuguese America was, like Indian slavery or any other kind of slavery, simply and purely an economic system. The fact is it never was anything else anywhere else, but in North America, because of the general diffusion of the spelling book and the Family Bible, the idea became widespread that black slavery should be maintained, even after it had been proved to be impoverishing all but a few white men, out of sheer obedience to the word of God. True enough, with all the slave traders there was the pious motive of bringing the black heathen into the knowledge and love of the God of the slave hunter, but the followers of Luther and Calvin found additional justification for keeping him therein from a perverted understanding of the Hebrew scriptures. Moses, they contended, had it directly from God himself that the black man was foredoomed and foreordained to be a drawer of water and hewer of wood for somebody else. Thus expounded the Luthero-Knoxic advocates of slavery like the Reverend Doctor Wilson, whose orthodox predestination Presbyterian son is now the President of the United States. Nowadays those of us who are liberal enough to admit that Confucius and Buddha also knew something about the word of God are inclined to see in that declaration of Moses the perfectly human desire to "get even" with black people for all time for what the Israelites had suffered at the hands of the blackish people of Egypt. My chronology may be a little more hazy than that of the King James Version, but I think my theory has been well deduced from Judah P. Benjamin, Ochs and (he lawyer who beat me in a quick-lunch discrimination suit. CLARANA e^u^S) To be able to read and write is not altogether an unmixed blessing. When this faculty is unaccompanied by any other intellectual quality, it is quite often more dangerous than analphabetism. This is particularly true when applied to the Book of Hebrew Law and Lore. The Portuguese never, "placed much stock" in spelling books and, as their branch of the Christian religion replaced Hezekiah, Zachariah. Nehemiah and the other IAH S with Xavier and Ignatius Loyola and the other saints and doctors, as prophets and lawgivers, they did not know, as Blease, Vardaman, Tillman and Hoke Smith so eloquently expound and explain whenever they invoke a blessing on a lynching bee or on a new color screen in an office building of the United States, what God Almighty intended to do with the man with a flat nose or who and what caused the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. But the sound business sense of the Portuguese, acquired in no small measure from their contact with living, modern, post-Aaronic, extra-Jerusalem Jews, told them when slavery had become an unprofitable speculation which ought to be abandoned without delay. Then, too, a great many realized that it was not exactly right to the slave. So. with the expenditure of a little oratory and no blood, such Negroes and Negroids as were not themselves slaveholders, or at least freedmen, were emancipated without engendering the aftermath of animosities revived in America by the Civil War. Thus, less than twenty-five years ago, the new Republic of Brazil, under Deodoro, a colored man, started with a heritage of Order and Progress such as no other American country had ever known, for, with the exception of the long and costly war with Paraguay, monarchical Brazil had enjoyed greater peace and a more orderly development than even the United States. As matters now stand, the Brazilians could not draw the color line, for they would not know where to begin. They know that the early settlers seldom took European women with them. They point with pride to a tradition which surrounds GETTING OFF THE COLOR LINE 245 FORWARD TURRETS OF THE "MINAS GERAES." Diogo Alvarez, the first Portuguese to get a footing in Bahia, with a seraglio of Indian wives, and descent from this source is considered equivalent to Mayflower genealogy. They do not seek to deny that the same process of whitewashing was applied to the African, who in turn darkened the Indian and the half-breed. They realize that it is futile to try to check the natural process of evolution which is making a homogeneous people out of the various constituent elements, Indian, Negro and Caucasian of every tribe and nation, in the population of their vast country. At the Races Congress in 1911 Dr. Joao Baptista de Lacerda said that in less than one hundred years all the people of Brazil would be white. One hundred years after that, perhaps, they may be calling themselves the only genuine, unadu l terated descendants of redheaded Cato and the ancient Romans, and may lead armies and armadas north ON THE QUARTERDECK ON TH E FORECASTLE. ward to make reprisals against the Britons, Goths, Gauls, Vandals, Parthians, Cherokees, Iroquois, Mandingoes and Yorubas who go and will go to make up the Anglo-Saxon race in North America. Meanwhile they have sent an ultra-modern war galley just to show the ultra-modern interpreters of the Monroe Doctrine what they have and what they can do. The Brazilian battleship, "Minas Geraes," which recently came to the United States on a diplomatic mission, is of peculiar interest to colored people. The most powerful ship afloat when she went into commission three years ago, her first task was to convey from Norfolk to Rio de Janeiro the body of Joaquim Nabuco, the late Ambassador to the United States, who began his public career by throwing his scholarly attainments and masterly statesmanship into the cause of abolition. Hardly had this errand been completed w he n the men of the "Minas Geraes"— THE CRISIS which is named after General Mines, the richest and most populous State in Brazil— led by Joao Candido, a colored man, startled the world by killing the captain, a man. of Indian blood, and by threatening to bombard the city of Rio de Janeiro if the government did not grant their demands for certain reforms in the naval service, chief of which was the abolition of corporal punishment. The "Sao Paulo," the sister ship of the "Minas," and the "Deodoro," also joined the revolt, and for several days a city of 1,000,000 inhabitants was at the mercy of a handful of determined men. The people, the government and, with the exception of the line officers, the navy department itself were in favor of the sailors. They were granted an amnesty on promise of, surrender and, contrary to reports in the American press at the time, the provi sions of the amnesty were carried out in good faith by the govern ment. Joao Candido is alive and well and has the satisfaction of know ing that as a result of his "revolution" the Brazilian man-of-war's man now receives more than the American of corresponding rating, and corporal punishyoung man who is rated at 99.25 as a teacher of English to white people in a high school, but who would have to sit "from rear to front" if Heflinism were applied to the street cars in the city which is guarded by the Statue of Liberty. Another picture shows a group of happy visitors with their courteous hosts on the quarterdeck of the vessel. To prove that their survey was complete the friendly foes took a picture of some of their party on the forecastle. They did not photograph the inside of the turrets, but they secured an outside view of the big twelve-inch guns which are operated by Jim Crow, more or less. The lines which appear above the guns are for wet, newly washed jumpers and hammocks. In the background appears the color line on Uncle Sam's Ship "Arkansas." The gentleman whom Hearst's editorial man Friday calls "Thrice Weekly" Daniels did not put it up. That he is not likely to haul it down is proved by his abandonment of his idea of democratizing th e American navy when he found that it would give colored men a chance to sit down to OFFICERS OF THE "MINAS GERAES ment, which an English —IN THREE COLORS. eat, instead of standing gymnastic instructor on the "Minas" had been very anxious to enforce, is now a thing of the past. But Candido himself does not enjoy any of these reforms, for the government took good care to get rid of most of the old sailors and make a navy of raw recruits. One Sunday, when the "Minas" was in the Hudson River, a number of shore folk made a peaceful invasion and capture of the great ship. The surrender, in fact, had been prearranged with three gallant officers, one of whom is a genuine Iberian, another Anglo-Iberian and the third Afro-Iberian. In other words, at Norfolk the first two had to sit "from front to rear," the other "from rear to front" in the street cars. I obtained a picture which shows them reunited on their ship. It was taken by a up, as they now do. At the present time a colored man has no more chance of operating a twelve-inch gun on an American battleship than of becoming governor of Alabama. There was a time though when Uncle Sam was glad to have Jim Crow behind the ancient muzzle loaders, as the occasional weatherbeaten, superannuated colored gunner's mate attests. At the present time the colored aspirant to seafaring and sea fighting must needs go to France or Brazil. But he must not fail to take some ability along with his color and his aspirations. A better and less expensive way, however, would be to stay in his native land and fight for the "right to be killed" or to do anything honorable and patriotic and self-respecting in a country which is his by right of serv ices alreadv rendered. THE NEW EDUCATION IN THE SOUTH: "DOMESTIC SCIENCE FOR COLORED GIRLS ONLY." WHAT TO READ The "Passin'-on" Party. By Effie Graham. A. C. McClurg &amp; Co., Chicago, 1912. A very pretty story this, amateurish it is true, but sweet and very pathetic. It deals, after a humorous description of "Aunt June's" house, with the desire of that old-time "mammy" for a reception, which she calls a "passin'-on party." One is glad to know that this desire is realized before too late. There is a good deal of very apposite description in the book, and a really remarkable use of dialect, such as one hears rarely nowadays, and which the average educated man, white or black, would have difficulty in reproducing. Doubtless the picture drawn by the author is faithful in many respects—one feels as much—but one is glad to feel that these things are of the past. The picturesqueness of the peasant, the artistic value afforded by the ex-slave— these are all very well. But meanwhile what about the subjective life of the peasant or ex-slave himself? The fact that the story may awaken such reflections renders it no less attractive. Evolution and Life. Bv Algernon B. Jackson, M. D. Printed by the'A. M. E. Book Concern, Philadelphia, 1911. Doctor Jackson very fittingly first makes clear the theory of evolution and then attempts to make its "application practical in our every-day lives." He does this in a few very interesting chapters, and also contrives to reconcile the teachings of science with those of Christianity. This really is the purpose of the book, which, despite a number of necessary technicalities, makes attractive and profitable reading. Character Sketch of the Late Rev. J. Claudius May, F. R. G. S. Delivered by Rev. J. T. Roberts at Wesley Church, Trelawney Street. This slim volume contains an account of the Rev. J. Claudius May, F. R, G. S., who was the first principal of the Wesleyan Boys' High School, Freetown, Sierra Leone. The account is both attractive and encouraging and fills a long-felt want. Two passages, one chosen from the preface by J. Denton and one from the Reverend Roberts' own introduction, show the value of such a piece of work as this. The first passage reads: "The paucity of local biography puts the West African teacher at a serious disadvantage as compared with his European or American confrere when making biography the basis of moral appeal to his scholar. His heroes are perforce of another race whose circumstances and environment are not those of the lad in whose soul the spirit of emulation is to be awakened. The lad knows that mentally he makes allowance and the force of the appeal is seriously discounted. How different if the story had been drawn from the life of James Quaker or Sir Samuel Lewis"—prominent West Africans. Again Reverend Roberts says: "We owe it as much to ourselves as to our eminent men and women that their virtues should be portrayed and their memory kept green in records accessible to posterity. That community is blind to its own interests that enjoys their self-sacrificing labors and neither sing their praises in gratitude to them nor recounts their deeds for the emulation of others when its heroes quit this mortal life." PUBLISHERS' CHAT Next comes the beautiful CHILDREN'S NUMBER. Is your baby there? We must have the picture by September 10. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Let Adler The Organ Makerv 20 Inches Wide 19 Inches Long Only 4.45 The wonderful Pta.v-Tyd© patent process, owned by us. prevents the dr 1 icai « dues from breaking*. Yut they coat you less than you pay elsewhere for ordinary willows. StayTyde Willow Plumes 23 in. wide 22 in. Ions 5.90 26 in. wide 25 in. Ions 7.90 25in. wide 24 in. Ions 6.90 29 in. wide 27 in. long 9.90 30 in. wide 27 in. long $11.90 French furl Plume* We have established a world 17 in.. Special, $1.95 wide reputation on our No. 401 magr18 " " 2.*S nificent l&amp;-mch French Curl Plume, made of rich, glossy best male 19 " Ex.wide, S.OO stock, with wide, broad fibres and 20 *' ** 7.50 T" French head. 1 22 " " IO.OO K. white and colors ' Send 25c to cover express charges and we will ship any of above C.O.D. for free examination. Or, send full purchase price and we will Bend all charges prepaid. Money promptly refunded if for any reason yoD axe not satisfied. Send for free catalog of French or Willow Plumes, Ostrich Bands and Aigrettes, and get a complete $25 Course in Millinery, Dyeing, Cleaning, Curling, etc. SOUTH AFRICAN IMPORTING CO. 1841 Wabash Ave. Dept. 46)3 CHICAG O The Loyal Knights and Ladies of Malachites is incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia. Itsobjectistocombine the Negroes of the world for their mutual advancement along industrial and commercial lines. It also stands for the full enjoyment by the Negro of his civil and political rights. Grand Supreme This movement is interna Governor tional in its scope; we have lodges not only in the United States but in Jamaica, B.W. I.; Colon, BocasdelToro, Pan ama (Canal Zone) and Costa Rica. It is a dark day for the Negro and he must come together. Race movements have failed because our peo ple were told that by contributing thereto the race only would be benefited, but no tangible individaal benefits were offered. By our plan the member pays 35c. per month in the Asso ciation and receives $4.0 0 per week sick ben efits and $100 at death. We not only look after the race but each individual member as well. A big convention is soon to be held here. We want a lodge in every village, hamlet and town and a delegate to be sent to this conven tion. Organizers wanted everywhere. For full particulars, write KNIGHTS OF MALACHITES 1111 You St. N. W. Washington, D. C. A Take Your Own Time to Pay. have originated the wonderful Adler plan of selling organs which has made fhe'*J4d/er"a household word; more than 75,000 of these famous organs are now in the homes of the people. The time has arrived—this very day—for you to send for my Wonderful Free Organ Catalog. Learn how you can have the World's Best Organ- winnerof highes*. prize at St. Louis World's Fair—sent to your home for 30 Days* Trial without paying a cent. Just send for my Catalos- Select the Adler Organ you like best. I will ship it at once. Have it a month free. Send no money until you decide to buy. Then, if you decide to keep it. after thorough examination, pay me at your convenience in small amounts. You take no risk and if, at the end of a year, the "Adler" fails to make good on every point I will refund every dollar you have paid. I give the longest andstrongest guarantee ever made on an organ—for SOfullyears.I save you $48.75 because 1 sell direct from the $500,000 f Adler Organ Factory (greatest in existence). The Adler Plan wrecks all retail organ prices. Write For Free Organ Book. Name and Address on Postal—or Mail the Coupon C.L. Adler, Pres't Adler Organ Co., 3559W. ChestnutSt.. Louisville, Ky. Send me—FREE — my Copy of your Wonderfu Organ Book, • IN AM. J ADD] St a ten ent of the • Ownership, Management, etc., of THE CRISIS, published monthly at 26 Vesey Street, New York, required by the Act of August 24, 1912. Editor and Business ManagRr: W. E. B. Du Bois, 20 Vesey Street, New York City. Publisher: The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, 26 Vesey Street, New York City. Owners: Thp National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, a corporation, composed of 30 directors; no stock issued. Known bondholders, mortgagees and other security holders, holding 1 per cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages or other securities, none. W. E . B. D U BOIS, Sworn to and subscribed before me this first day of October. 1912. HATTIE KASBERG, Commissioner of Deeds. 5 Beekman Street, [Seal) New York. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEARN TO READ MUSIC AT SIGHT FOR $1.00 One copy of any of the following included: Educated Frog, Octoroon, New Century March, New Century Waltz, Anthem Collection, Song Service; or whole list for $2. Music published or arranged for publication. "Smith's Orchestra" HIGH-CLASS MUSIC REPRESENTING OUR OWN COMPOSERS Smith's Sight Reader, 50c copy. "Emancipation Hymn, " single copy 5c; per doz., 55c; per 100, $4.35, prepaid. Band and Orchestra arrangement, 50c a copy. Positions at actual pitch for Cornets, Altos, Trombones, Valve and Slide, scales and valuable hints. Never been offered before by anyone; to anyone. "We've Walked Side by Side" (Song Bring Back My Childhood Days) 25c Song Service for Sunday Schools 10c Anthem Book 25c Marches for Piano. . . 25c ' 'Delaware Triumph,'' ' 'Delaware Col lege," "Lovers' Retreat," "Tuskegee March " (To Dr. B. T. Washington), String Quartettes, Violin and Piano selections, Violin ' 'positions'' and scales; instruction diagrams for 'Cello and Bass, Viola and Piano. Send cash with order. Published by WM. D. SMITH 1547 North Camac St. Philadelphia, Pa. Telephone Connection , "DEACON" JOHNSON (That Cheerful Entertainer) Leader, Mandolin and Second Tenor with THE "DEACON" JOHNSON QUARTET Montreal New York Philadelphia Permanent Address: Times Sq. Sta., Box 317, New York City MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric. Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City Mme. MARIE JACKSON STUART'S School of Expression, Music and Dramatic Art A thorough, well-defined course of instruction, designed to give the student a comprehensive grasp of each subject in the shortest time. Terms reasonable. Dramas staged. Amateurs trained. Plays revised. ADDRESS 35 West 131st Street New York THE EQUITABLE ASSURANCE SOCIETY OF OKLAHOMA Incorporated and licensed by the Insurance Department of the State of Oklahoma to write life, health and accident insurance on the level premium basis. No assessments. Address Home Office Peoples Bank &amp; Trust Company Bldg. Muskogee Oklahoma Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 16 Monographs. Sold Separately. Address: A. G. DILL Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 244 West 143d Street New York, N. Y. START A BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN We want live, hustling men and women in every village, town and city to start a big successful business of their own. Experience not needed; we teach you the business. If you have the real will power you can have an independent business that will pay you from $75 to $100 per mouth. Write to-day before some one in your territory gets ahead of you. Just inclose a 2-cent stamp for particulars. A. BLOUNT &amp; COMPANY Washington -- N. C. will do your typewriting and save you money. Theses and legal papers promptly and accurately executed. Send us your manuscripts. We'll typewrite them—have them revised, if necessary—and help you get them place d wit h publishers. Send us your song poems. We'll have them set to music and tell you how and where to get them published. ANIN'S SERVICE BUREAU 115 Nassau St. -- - New York Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS Free Tuition Scholarships CARNEGIE COLLEGE-HOME STUD Y "60 PAG E BULLETIN FREE" COURSES BY MAIL orammai School Agricultural High School Poultry Norma Domestic Science P rotation* Civil Service PeDmanihip Engineering Type-writing Drawing Snort-hand English Boo It-keeping Language Law Real Eitale Reduced rates of tuition to flmt applicants. For "Free Bulletin'' and "Special scholarship," apply CARNEGIE COLLEGE Pre*. GALRREATB No. 19D St.. KOGEBS. Ohio. Take a Course by Mail. "Do It Now." HOME STUDY MAGAZINE. Send to us 25c. In stamps for six months' subscription to New Education—a 40-page monthly educational magazine devoted to home study. Address CARNEGIE COLLEGE, Rogers, Ohio TYPEWRITERS—Send to us for our prices and terms on all the latest makes of typewrit ere sold by us at students' rates of only $3 per month without interest. Address TYPEWRITER DEPT., CARNEGIE COLLEGE, Rogers, Ohio. FREE TUITION SCHOLARSHIPS The Carneyie College will grant to you a "Free Tuition Scholarship" for a complete course by mail. Matriculation fee. $5; tuition, free. Apply at once. Do not delay. Send us your name and address to-day. OVER 100 BRANCHES FROM WHICH TO SELECT "Free Tuition Scholarships" granted to the first applicants from each post office. Send us your name and address now. to-day. To-morrow may be too late. "Do It now." Address FREE TUITION DEPT., CARNEGIE COLLEGE,- Rogers, 0. Handsome Silverware Souvenirs To introduce our superior grade teas, coffees and spices, we are giving away handsome premiums with our special orders. Three Pounds of Coffee. .$1.00 Regular price, 35c. lb. Five Pounds Mixed Tea. . 2.00 Regular 50c. quality SUMME R DESSERT S Easy PuddingEasy-Jell(All Flavors)  10  10 FRE E premiums with each order. All packages sent by prepaid parcels post. KANISTER Tea and Coffee Company 681 Atlantic Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y. ADVERTISER AGENTS, make big money. Get onto the real live wire and make fifty per cent, profit. Article sells at every door. A household necessity. Send l(Jc. for sample and instructions. THE LORATE COMPANY 642 De Kalb Avenue -- Brooklyn, N. Y. THE TEXARKANA GRUB-AX A paper for the masses as well as for the classes. Primarily It in a home paper, as it appeals to every member of the family. Subscription price, $1 the year. Rev. J. H. CLAYB0RN, Editor and Manager 119 E. 9th Street Texarkana, Ark. 'Phones: Residence. 515; Office, 642; Hospital, 403. OR. J. R. SHEPPARD Physician and Surgeon Chief surgeon and superintendent of Sheppard Sanitarium and Nurse Training School. Marshall Texas 'Phones; Residence, 159; Office, 462. DR. P. L. HARR0LD Physician and Surgeon Practicing Physician of Wiley University and King Home Marshall Texas DR. 0. L0YATUS BLEDSOE Medicine and Surgery Office, McPhail Bids., IH'/a W. Houston Avenue Residence, 727 W. Grand Avenue Marshall, Tex. Long distance 'phone 2008. FRED. T. JONES, M. D. Founder and House Surgeon of Mercy Sanitarium Office, 852 Texas Avenue . . . . Shreveport, La. 'Phone 854. CENTRAL PHARMACY DRUG STORE Recently Installed new and modern equipments. The most up-to-date colored drug store in East Texas. Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Wheel delivery. 213 Stats Street Texarkana, Tex. THE 0. K. SHINING PARLOR For Ladies and Gentlemen Excellent service. The most up-to-date parlor in ths city. Also clothes cleaned and pressed. All work guaranteed. 3l4'/ W. Broad Street Texarkana, Tex. a R. L. D. EASLEY handles life, health and accident Insurance for old, reliable companies of New York and Chicago. Write or call 1225 Phenia Ave., Texarkana, Tex. For auto service or physician call DR. J. W. LONG Office, 218 W. Broad Street; New 'Phone 976 Residence, 1508 North Street; New 'Phone 955 Texarkana Texas 'Phones: Residence, New 831; Old 964. Office, New 854; Old 973. DR. G. U. JAMISON Physician and Surgeon 213 State Street Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones 973 and 1472. DR. HARVEY SPARKS Physician and Surgeon Office over Central Pharmaoy Texarkana, Tex. 'Phones: Residence. 8G; Office, 69. DR. T. E. SPEED Physician and Surgeon National Grand Master U. B. F. &amp; S. M. T.; Grand Medical Director K. of P. lodges of Jurisdiction of Texas; Dean Nurse Training Department, Bishop College. Jefferson Texas Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPL E OFFICES : 26 Ve*ey Street, New York. Incorporated May 25, 191 1 OFFICERS National President—Mr. Moorfleld Storey, Boston, Chairman of the Board of Directors— Mass. Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, New York. Vice-Presidents— Treasurer—Mr. Walter E . Sachs, New York. Rev. John Haynes Holmes, New York. Mr. John E. Milholland, New York. Director of Publicity and Research— Bishop Alexander Walters, New York. Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois, New York. Rev. Garnet R. Waller, Baltimore, Md. National Organizer—Dr. M. C. B. Mason, Cincinnati. Miss Mary White Ovington, Brooklyn, N. Y. Secretary—Miss May Childs Nerney, Brooklyn, N. Y. This is the Association which seeks to put into practice the principles which TH E CRISIS puts into words. If you believe what we SAY, join this Association and help us to put our words into DEEDS. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me TH E CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to THE CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Conference of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	253 imr U-ZIT~VI The new odorless disinfectant at less than one-quarter cent per gallon. Safe, efficient, economical. The only disinfectant that absolutely destroys any odor without leaving another. "U-Zit" is just starting. Start with it. Antiseptic and harmless. One teaspoonful makes three gallons. Hot or cold water. "U-Zit" for scrubbing. "U-Zit" for Madame, use your spare time selling my dishwashing. Princess Hair Oil and Toilet Preparations. "U-Zit" for cleaning woodwork, They are all first-class goods. Write for windows, refrigerators. terms. "U-Zit" for thoroughly disinfecting toilets, etc. JAMES T. EARLE "U-Zit" for cleaning the barn, P.	 O. Box 390 ---- Newport, R. I. dairies, etc. "U-Zit" to kill all germs and better preserve health. "U-Zit" is guaranteed to be as represented or money refunded. Sample WANTED test free. Can we be of service to 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to you? Personal references given. settle on FRE E Government Lands in "U-Zit" is put up in cans and retailed Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is for the small sum of $1 per pound. a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. Special five-pound can, $4, F. O. B. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information Chicago. Terms, thirty days. Address write U-ZIT SPECIALTIES CO. JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN 3726 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, 111. Blackdom ----- New Mexico ^TELLING A STORY W T o friends who know you, may be easy, but "putting one over" to II strangers is quite different. Telling a busy, business man about your services or your merchandise is still less a "cinch," for he hears the same story every day a dozen or more times. A clever speaker, before a sleepy or hostile audience, puts a good, stiff punch into his very first remark. This "knocks 'em off their feet" and they listen. Your business letters may be good, but if they lack the "punch" ihey won't "pull." Correct business stationery is the "punch" that hits the busy man "right in the eye" and makes him read your letter. We'll show you the sort of stationery we create, if you write us. W e print for Mr . Conde Nast, of Vogue; we print	 T HE CRISIS. ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET NEW YORK 'Phone 6667 Lenox Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The very Business Opportunity for which. YO U have been looking may possibly be here on this page. SELLS LIKE HOT CAKES Agents wanted Matte $3O First Day everywhere to sell this ironing wax in B. Basha. of Bell Island. Newpad form. It perfoundland, did this with our fumes the clothes CHAMPION with a lasting violet Minute Photo Machine perfume. WAX-IN-PA D MANUFACTURER S Lynbrook New York EAR N WHILE YOU LEARN A splendid opportunity for ambitious young men and women. We teach Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping and Business Arithmetic, according to the latest methods of modern business science. Earnest, efficient instructors. We also maintain an EMPLOYMENT BUREAU to assist our students and graduates in securing positions. Many of them now hold steady positions with some of New York's largest business houses. The service of the Bureau is FRETS. Correspondence invited. Address Harlem Commercial School F. WALTER MOTTLEY, Principal 525 Lenox Avenue New York WANTED Men and women everywhere to start pleasant, profitable home work. Manufacture toilet articles, perfumes and household specialties. I start you right and give free advice one year. Send for my list, select any three formulas, mail to me with $1, and get formulas and plain, complete directions. I guarantee satisfaction or money back. List and valuable information free. Fourteen years' practical chemistry. Address HARVEY L. PITTMAN, Manufacturing Chemist 618 Fifth Avenue, East --- Duluth, Minn. WANT A JOB? Sleeping-car Porters wanted for summer and permanent service. No experience necessary. Write to-day for full information. AMERICAN SERVICE SCHOOL Instruction Department 80 Fifth Avenue -- - New York City IF NOT, WHY NOT? Own a Home in the North We have an increasing demand for ambitious, progressive colored people who are seeking homes In the North. We are the medium through which these demands can be supplied. Only auch as can satisfy us that they are desirable will be considered. Before locating be sure you get our Property Bulletin. It'9 free for the asking. P. H. SYKES, Real Estate Broker Cor. 19th and Ellsworth Streets Philadelphia. Pa. That beginners make such profit at the etart, shows that no experience Is needed in this won* derful money-making business. Robt. Bock,WillowB:ill,Pa.. took in$35 inoneday. VernardBaker, Holbrook, Neb., $29.90. Jas. F. Wende. Ashton. Idaho, $26. C.V. Lovett, Ft. Meade. Fla., made $50 in one day. These testimonials are inst a few of many hundreds we have on file. Pictures in Post Cards and on Buttons all the rage at Fairs, OarnivalB, Picnics, Resorts, Schools, Deots, Factories, on Streets—anywhere—everywhere, ur Champion Camera takes pictures size 2^x3Jj», ;, 'x'2L.'. and buttons. Finishes complete photo in 30 seconds: 200 an hoar. No dark room. Easiest, quickest, bircest money-maker known. Small investment. About 86c profit on each dollar yon take in. Be your own boss. Write at once for Free Book, Testimonials and Liberal Offer. AMERICAN MINUTE PHOTO CO. 2214 Ogutn Ave., Dept. E.649, Chicago, Illinois 4 RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHTCH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department G 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street New York JUST THINK OF IT Gordon Safety Razors made to retail for 25c. Shaves as smoothly as some of the high-priced razors Splendid seller. Will last a lifetime. Sample, 10c. GORDO N COMPAN Y Northwestern Building Chicago, 111. WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best payint small business on earth 1 Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	255 The Colored Doll Is a Live One For emancipation celebrations, bazaars, fairs and the holiday trade. Children are going wild about the beautiful E. M. S. Colored Dolls. The dolls have becoming features, are light brown in color, have jointed limbs and eyes that open and shut. Imported by us, and endorsed by the leading clergymen and educators. Best and cheapest. Send for catalog. Agents wanted. Can make big profit. E.	 M. S. NOVELTY CO., Dept. A, Jamaica, N. Y. No. 24 Southern Buggy Only Highest Grade $65.00 	Beautiful, Artistic Post Cards A v.iltie Unequalcd. Sulilonfi.oo Profit Margin prom of Negro Subjects Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Advance sale of Christmas and New Year Send for catalogue. cards. We announce the sale of calendars C.	 R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. of Negro subjects done in three to twelve Greenfield. Ohio colors. Nothing comic, but works of real 1. ir„. M Negro Carriage concern In the United States. art. Prices very reasonable. New catalog which is just out contains confidential prices to agents and retailers. Samples of all WILLIAM L. BELL 	calendars and post cards sent for 35 cents, postpaid. Architect J. GRIFFITH ART COMPANY 138^ Auburn Avenue -- - Atlanta, Ga. 36 Beekman Street ---- New York SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c each. Guaranteed under rood and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Waving, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Mornlngside 8162 booklet. Mine. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Intr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK KELSEY'S MILES M. WEBB NUMEROUS OPPORTUNIChicago's Expert Photographer TIES FOR AL L TO LEARN A USEFUL TRADE In Enterprise Institute, Incorpor ated and Located at Chicago, 111. More than forty trades taught. Prices very low and terms easy. Call at or address Enterprise Institute I specialize In every phase of artistic picture makinK Rev. G. H. McDaniel, D. D., Pres. Send me your photos for enlargement. Prices reasonable Satisfaction guaranteed. 'Phone 6688 Douglass. 3711 State St. -- -Chicago, 111. WEBB STUDIO 3519 State Street Chicago, 111. Mention TH B CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER PLACES TO STOP RIGHT ON THE BEACH! The Bay Shore Hotel Open from May to October The best summer hotel with the most delightful surroundings. Situated on Chesapeake Bay, right on the beach, three miles from Fortress Monroe, Va. A charming location, a fine and safe bathing beach and good fishing. Thirty-two bedrooms, spacious parlors, broad piazzas and a large pavilion. The hotel has just been greatly improved by the addition of several bedrooms, baths, porches and an upto-date kitchen. Our patrons will be delighted with "Dear old Bay Shore" enlarged and beautified. No restless nights here, for the breezes blow while you sleep. Terms moderate. Address THE BAY SHORE HOTEL CO. P. O. Box 364, Hampton, Va. J. Henry Robinson, Manager Good trolley car service between the hotel and Hampton, Fortress Monroe and Newport News. HOTEL COMFORT MRS. M. B. COMFORT, Proprietress The ideal summer resort—open all the year Corner Second St. and Bay Ave. -- Ocean City, N. J. HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class Service for First-class People 3252 Wabash Avenue, Chicago, 111. BISHOP COLLEGE, MARSHALL, TEX. Maintains college, academic, theological, musical, normal grammar and industrial departments. Offers the most advanced courses and is the best-equipped school for Negroes in the Southwest. For Information address C. H. MAXSON. President ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Cor. 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington, N. C. MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L . Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati, Ohio TYPEWRITERS Agents' Prices One machine at wholesale price to introduce our goods. Bargains in every make. Typewriters for $5.00 up. STANDARD TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE 31-B Park Row New York J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August. Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. REPRESENTATIVES WANTED A number' of bright young men and women wanted at once to represent us in their communities. A splendid opportunity for energetic young people. From $25 to $45 easily made by ordinary young person willing to work. Double that amount can easily be made by the right kind of young people. Address the NORTHWESTERN EXTENSION UNIVERSITY 207 South Sixth Street -- Minneapolis, Minn. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY This is a ready reference of some of the best lawyers in the country. If you need a lawyer and your name is not listed here you should write us at once. Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phone Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counjelor-.it U w Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. FRANKLIN W. WILLIAMS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Real Estate Conveyancer 206 Parrish Street Durham, N. C Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephone, 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counaelor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Lire Building Minneapolis, Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Connselor-at-Law Offices: Suit* 610, Sykes Block. Minneapolis, Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia, Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Gable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law S4 SCHOOL STREET Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M. Residence, New 733-A. THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio LEGAL DIRECTORY—Continued Central 104W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney .it Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Bldg. Cleveland, O. ELIJAH J. GRAHAM, Jr. Attorney-at-Law and Notary Public 1026 Market Street Wheeling, W. Va. William H. Austin Edmund 0. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN &amp; AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H, I, ,T, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt Telephone 5552 Cedar R. O. LEE Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Practice in All Courts 26 and 26 Union Block, 4th &amp; Cedar, St. Paul, Minn. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 6277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 West 135th Street, New York City Telephone 4886 Mornlngslde DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox AT*. , New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m., 1 te 8 p. m. Sundays by Appointment Telephone 4048 Prospect JOHN B. MOSELEY REAL ESTATE and INSURANCE 640 Fulton Street Brooklyn, N. Y. UNDERTAKERS Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Embalmert Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free. Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Seryice 266 West 63d Street New York, N. V . Between Broadway and 8th ATenue MOVING Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS PACKING AND SHIPPING ANDREW J. BRANIO 469 SEVENTH AVENUE New York City Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention TRUNKS STORED 25c. PER MONTH Official Expressman for the C. V. B. A. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HAZEL By MARY WHITE OVINGTON Author of "Half a Man " Hazel is the story of a little Boston colored girl who goes to visit her grandmother in Alabama. Her successful efforts to teach her hard-working boy neighbor to read, the children's daily good times, these and many other happenings make an enjoyable child's book. Be sure that your child is among the first to learn about Hazel. The book is charmingly illustrated by the well-known artist, Harry Roseland. Price $1.00 net. Postage prepaid, $1.08. For sale through our agents and at TH E CRISIS office. CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 26 VESEY STREET NEW YORK CITY Mention TH E CRISIS. Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and its wonderful future. W E ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carfare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. W e would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City, has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED &amp; COMPANY 142 Hunter Avenue -------- Long Island City Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms Provident Hospital and Training School for Colored Nurses Aim: To keep its technic equal to the best Founded 1891 The first training school for colored nurses in this country, Freedman's excepted. Comprises a training school for nurses, hospital, dispensary, and thoroughly equipped children's department ; when funds are ample, postgraduate work may he undertaken. The hospital is open to all. The races co-operate in the board of trustees, in the medical staff and in administration; (lie institution is the only one of its kind in which a colored man may act as interne. Cost of buildings and equipment, $100,000; free from debt. Endowment, $50,000, contributed mostly by wills made by colored men. Additional endowment needed, $50,000. The nurses' course covers three years; training and instruction given by both races, according to the highest modern standards. 36th and Dearborn Sts., Chicago, III. Mention THE ; CRISIS, CAPE MAY, N. J. This magnificent hotel, located in the heart of the most beautiful seashore resort in the world; replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service, and refined patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, bath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. The New Jersey State Emancipation Exposition A Jubilee Festival and Exposition to be held in Exposition Hall, Kentucky Avenue and Boardwalk, Atlantic City, October 6th to October 12th, inclusive. All manner of exhibits in industries, trades, handicrafts, women's work, fine and practical arts, mementos, antiques and curios. Featured exhibit, by charts, photographs and special exhibits of the condition and progress of the New Jersey Negro, including all phases of the business, professional, industrial, social, religious and home life of the race. Special days and features: Fraternity day, with exhibition drills by uniformed orders; women's and home day, and women's congress; business men's and farmers' conferences; a religious day, with, sermons and addresses; an educational and professional day, witb teachers' conference and school-children's festival ; an athletic meet; a special day of recollections for personal experiences of slavery, war times and historical events. Prizes and awards: Amateur and professional contests in many lines. A grand musical festival throughout the week, participated in by a mass chorus of 1,000 voices, a juvenile chorus of 500, assisted by many noied soloists, and an augmented orchestra of 30, with concerts daily. N. B.—Send all exhibits, which will be insured and cared for, C. O. D. by Adams or United States Express or by Parcels Post, care of Exposition Building, Kentucky Avenue and Boardwalk, Atlantic City, N. J. Applications for booths and space for business, selling or advertisement should be made to the CHIEF ORGANIZER Rooms 105-6, American Mechanic Building, TRENTON , N . J. Mention TH E CRISIS.