The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY FEMINIST REVIEW No. 14. Vol. I. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Joint Editors: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. MARY GAWTHORPE CONTENTS To What End in Life ? 261 The Great Adventure. By Maud Sansom Carter 262 Topics of the Week 263 Education from the Universal Standpoint. III.— The Education of the Parent. By Philip Oyler 267 Population and the Food Supply—II. By C. V. Drysdale 268 Correspondence : Clearing the Ground 270 The Chastity of Continence? 270 The AEsthetic Status of Sex 270 Correspondence—continued : Limitations of Parentage 271 Children and the Lower Appetite 271 The Excitation of Sex Discussions 271 Undue Emphasis on Sex 271 A Conundrum 271 Continence and Marriage 272 A Home Worker 272 The Permanency of Women's Work 272 A Mother's Criticism 273 Co-operative Housekeeping 273 A Residential Club 273 A Retort 273 Correspondence—continued: The Idealism of Sex Relations 273 Uranians 274 Imperial Naturalisation and Loss of Nationality by Marriage 274 The Aethnic Union 274 Our Prison System. By Guy A. Aldred 275 Beauty and Progress. Towards a Principle for a New Social Science in Art. By Selwyn Weston 277 The Aethnic Union. By T. Baty 278 TO WHAT END IN LIFE? TO one who stands aside from the whirl of human being for a while to observe it, its most curious feature is not that no one seems to know for what he is living his life, but that no one appears consciously bewildered by such a fact. Round and round we all whirl, old and young, sage and simple. Barely one stops to ask why he is part of the whirl, or to what end the whirling is. What is the purpose of human life ? To a self-conscious mind, an answer to that question seems necessary before one can rightly set about living at all. To such a mind, it would seem necessary at some period of this life to set oneself a standard of being worth the effort of achievement, and of which one could say at three score years or four, "Towards this Ideal of Being in myself I have effected so much. 'Other Heights in other lives' ; but here my gain is so much." But men and women do not talk like this. Barely one does Life the compliment of taking it seriously. A little food, a few clothes, a little money to buy a few toys, a few jokes, a little chagrin, a little weariness, and then the end. A man sinks back into the unknown, without sufficient knowledge of the purpose of his being to know whether he has been a success or a failure. A mole, grubbing under the ground, would realise almost as much. There can be only one explanation of such a state of affairs. Although we have wonderful creations of mind all about us, of selfconscious mind we have scarcely anything worth speaking of. Had we, our aimlessness would be inconceivable, save by madmen. Real mind would find its bearings, or would strain and break, or put itself out in face of so intolerable an affront to its nature. No wonder an Empedocles plunged into the volcano's throat baffled with the problem of being. No wonder Omar drowned his questions in wine : "Why not knowing, Nor whence, like water willy-nilly flowing : And out of it, as wind along the waste, I know not whither, willy-nilly blowing." To have thoughts like these singing through the brain, and to find no answer to them, works madness. We are saved from fears of madness, it seems, because mind is too little aware of itself to be puzzled with its own existence. If the mass of us to-day had self-conscious minds, the principal question for individual and State would be this: What are we for? An answer would be sought with as much feverish haste as a man would make lost in a maze and seeking a way out. So if we stand out of the whirl at all, we have to find a solution, or make one ; and to some of us it seems that human life and endeavour is meant for just this—the intensifying of the self-consciousness of the mind. Mind to work alone ; mind to be independent of material circumstance ; mind to develop a new kingdom of its own ; mind to know its own wants and satisfactions : this appears the final good, the ultimate end, in the life on a human plane. Below the scale of humans, subhuman life had other purposes ; above the scale of humans, superhuman life will have other purposes; but life for us is a straining and striving after a mental—a spiritual—man, who, finished and revealed, is the superman. We strain and labour to the godhead— with our mind. The difference between the subhuman world and 262 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 the gods of whom we become dimly aware is a difference in mind. The difference between our lusts and passions is a difference in mind. Our lusts pall us and tire, because they are subhuman satisfactions. Our passions magnify our being, because they satisfy our mind. Pulsations both, the one of body, the other of mind and body ; the same in kind, but infinitely separate in degree. So, discovering a purpose in life, we can frame its standards, and, when fully realised, we shall know its new tabus. Anything which exerts an adverse influence upon the growth and individualisation of mind is pernicious and to be suppressed. This is the question which now demands an answer from women. Mentally, they are already seriously inferior. Are they prepared to remain inferior ? If not, how do they propose to advance in the realm of mind? To advance, it is not enough to dream. They must do. They must create ; and the activities which stand in the way of their creative powers must be arranged for or, if need be, put aside. If the activities relate to children, the woman has to answer faithfully this question : To whom is her first duty, herself or the coming generation ? We hold, her first, second, and third duty is to herself, and, that duty being fulfilled, she will have done her duty to the coming generation. The mind which can discover the stars in their orbits can devise a second perfect way of feeding a child. If it has not done this already, it must set to work again. It can be done, and, inadequately perhaps, it is being done ; but it will have to be done more adequately. Do the women who make so insistent a virtue of a mother feeding her own child consider how the more highly strung mothers have nothing with which to feed them, and the more complex the mother's temperament, the more often it is so ; that the mere mood of the mother may poison her child's food ? Do they remember the far from desirable effects which followed upon the epidemic of natural childfeeding caused by Rousseau's flaming exhortations to naturalism? Do they ever consider the strangeness of the aesthetic repulsion of many women to the process, in spite of its recognised pleasure ? Without in the faintest degree encouraging the artificial feeding of children if natural feeding is possible, the suggestion is merely laid out to indicate a possible development—or, to use a word which ordinarily we use only with suspicion, i.e., a possible refinement—in the artificial feeding of children, tantamount, perhaps, to as natural a development as the losing, on aesthetic grounds, of the useful garment of hair, which we once wore, like our kinsbodies the animals. The suggestion may be far-fetched, and the medical folk may say it is hopelessly wrong, but, whatever these physical specialists may say, it will not alter our opinion that, if the feeding of babies is to interfere with the mental development of women, it is the feeding of the babes which will have to give way. This we recognise as a dangerous thing for a feminist to say, because it is the thing which the enemies of feminism prophesy and which feminists always hasten to disclaim. We think they hasten too much. Feminism may work out that way. We think that the most specious, but falsest, theory of human development is that which seeks to find its realisation along physical lines. One would imagine, from many well-meaning people's theories, that to rear a ruddy-cheeked son, ten feet high, with features which we call regular, was a consummation greatly to be desired. To our mind, the only thing which counts in the valuation of offspring is the amount of mind which they can show ; and we believe that the strenuous-working mother is more potent to bestow mind than her more comfortable sister, the "housewife," even should she find herself unable to provide her child with its early nourishment. Not only has the child a better chance in its native endowment, but, all along its life-career, it has a mother whose interests still live in the world and are not limited to the household. So we believe that the acceptance of the idea of woman as an individual is likely to lead to many serious structural modifications in the physique of women, and it is certain that it will lead to a serious modification of the value of relationships between mother and child. Once she has ushered the child safely through the portals of life, with the woman, it has always been the child that has mattered. To be sacrificed for her child was to fulfil a duty and do the right. So it came about that the female babe, which was so wonderful at birth, and so important, grew, and developed her powers until they approached the period of fruition and of full usefulness, but only to fall a captive to her babe—which was the next generation—as her own mother had fallen captive to her. So ran on the interminable chain—never the female individual adult ; always the babe merged into the mother, and the mother again in the babe. The mind products of the female individual were never harvested. They were always diverted at the moment when they should have been gathered in and used. And so now: until women reach between twenty and thirty they do not know what they are, or what they can do. Until then, they are the haphazard product of myriads of progenitors, whose inherited qualities they have been working out into selfconscious power. Then, just at the moment they are becoming conscious of themselves, they become overborne by the call of the responsibilities of the generations which are waiting to come. Between the weight of the past and the draggings of the future, the female adult is reduced to the level of the mere link—the chain which unites the two. When she realises that she is an individual, with life demanding its contribution from her in achievement and not merely in reproduction, she will understand that, with mind, creation can never be vicarious. The above was intended to be the preliminary to the consideration of proposals for State Endowment of Mothers, and Compulsory Payment of Wives by Husbands. As the exordium has monopolised the space, these considerations must be left over till next week. Relating to last week's leader, "The Daughters of Ishmael," some misunderstanding has been caused by the use of the term monandry. The writer points out that monandry is not monogamy, and has indeed no relation to it. THE GREAT ADVENTURE. Life to me now I am young, With loves unloved, and songs unsung, Crowded with adventure high An unknown country seems to lie. When I am no longer young, My loves all loved, my songs all sung, Close on life's last throbbing breath Comes the Great Adventure—Death. Maude Sansom Carter. February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 263 TOPICS OF The Miracle. IT is difficult to realise that the miracle is even now happening. Things look just the same, and there are no portents in the heavens. They are just their old leaden grey. It is true we have, all of us, said it would happen, sometime—sometime—but here it is, with the hypnotic spell broken. Those who have toiled with bowed backs day by day, year by year, with no compulsion save that they have always toiled, as their fathers did, and their fathers' fathers, now for no particular reason are straightening their backs, and rising out of their mechanical stupor, like men recovering from stunning blows. Our industrial history is on the borders of tragedy, but the tragedy which is looming ahead is as lightness itself compared with that which would ensue were its courses diverted. Not forgetting what a national and international strike would mean, we greet it with hope. Injustice retorted to by rebellion loses its worst misery. The injustice life cannot recover from lies enfolded in the everlasting patience with mean unrighteousness. It is a far better thing to lie quiet in a last sleep with a spirit and body putified by rebellion than to drag out a mean existence in cowardly submission, and nothing can make forgivable the long toleration of putrefying poverty, except this sudden uprush of spirit which flings off its slimy chains. The miners are demanding a minimum wage, some paltry shillings. For some petty details their demands are being resisted, with good effect, we think. Nothing more is wanted to make clear the indecent and brutal callousness of the "owners" who control the nation's mines. Of the million workers which comprise their numbers, last year, we remember, in carrying out the nation's work, two thousand were killed, and a quarter of a million wounded. As a nation, we have barely brushed from our eyes the picture of those Lancashire homes whose sons and fathers were entombed in the mines by the hundreds, and of the brainturned women who, week after week, kept warm the supper nightly in the ovens for those who would not return. We now adjust the delicate balance as to whether or no the survivors are entitled to a minimum wage. We are, indeed, a stupid and brain-clogged people. We are even now arranging to turn our rifles upon the survivors. Glamorgan has asked for 3,000 cavalry and infantry immediately. Cavalry and infantry may arrive, but we do not believe they will act against the workers. The working men who make up the British Army will not enjoy the sensation of firing upon their fellow men. But if they do, it will not hurt the cause of industrial freedom. The impulse towards freedom has moved too far. With men finding their spokesmen as never before, with class consciousness articulate as never before, with a belief in the righteousness of their cause, and bound by links of sympathy to the workers of other nations as never before, history here, we believe—and hope—will not repeat herself. This great strike need not prove futile. The strike once safely afoot, the men cannot lose. We pray and THE WEEK. hope that a meagre victory will not be mistaken for a triumph. The rights of the situation are simple. Let the issues not be confused by flimsy logic worked out on paper. At present, they are heroically simple. The land—the riches of its surface and its riches underneath—belongs to the nation, and the labour of the workers belongs to the workers. The "owners" have drawn their "profits" and their "capital" from the mines time and time again. There were figures given by a thinking journal about mining profits which should be learned by rote by every miner and user of coal in the kingdom. The issue of the New Age of January 25 makes these statements. After referring to the means hitherto taken to conceal the real profits on the railways by means of watering of stock and "a thousand little ingenuities in the form of bonuses, writing off capital, reserves, etc., to make the declared profits look less than they are," the journal, referring to profits in the mines, says :— "For some reason or other the accounts of the colliery companies—mostly family concerns, it is true—are rather less fraudulent than the public balance-sheets of the railway companies. Except in, say, fifty per cent. of the instances, the profits shown are probably not more than fifty per cent. below the profits actually earned. From a list we have seen of about a score of our leading collieries' balance-sheets, we calculate that the average rate of dividend confessed and revealed is ten per cent., which means that the total capital of the coal industry is repaid to its proprietors every decade. This average, however, is composed of collieries that scarcely pay at all as well as of collieries that pay so handsomely that we wonder their owners are not ashamed to look their workmen in the face. In one Welsh colliery, for example, the dividend actually amounts to nearly seventy per cent. per annum ; and this in a district where "labour unrest" has been occasioned by the demand of miners, not for an increase of wages, but for the restoration of wages to their former purchasing level." It is the same source which tells of the project of the miners' march on London. How heartily we agree ! If on the march they would pick up the wretched underpaid women workers of the country to meet their starved and body-rotted sisters here ! Misery has gone too far. The labour-exploiters have become, happily, too insolent. We hear of the employer employing women whose fines exceed their wages ; we hear of employers employing women for a day and a night and a day at a stretch in hot and steaming laundries, holding threats of dismissal over those who prove restive. We hear of women toiling with the needle for twopence a day. The streets are haunted and the prisons are full. On such terms we are no lovers of peace. In such conditions we have small respect for the preachers of peace. Those holders of easy doctrines of maintaining the peace to us appear no whit different from the person who could hear the cries of a young animal with a limb caught in a steel trap, and, without lifting a hand, smugly enjoin peace. This strike can quite possibly usher us into a new era of history. It can be the means of guaranteeing to the labourer the full value of his labour. It can, if ably manipulated, put the workers for all time in an unquestioned position of supremacy. There seems every likelihood that it will spread to the miners abroad, and should it do so successfully, it should be only a question of hours to effect the complete capitulation of the exploiters of labour. May no adverse fortune frustrate the miracle under the guise of small gains. 264 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 The Home Office Atrocity. If we remember our history aright, there was a time when Englishmen were so ready to resent a personal outrage that they plunged their country into war to avenge the national honour against a foreign nation because Spanish pirates had cut off the ear of an English sailor. If we do not altogether desire a recrudescence of a spirit so sensitive, we nevertheless think that the phrase, national degeneracy, is wholly inadequate to describe the unmoved stolidity with which the country has received the tale of the inhuman outrage just committed on Mr. William Ball, a Suffragist prisoner in Pentonville Gaol. Two months ago, this young man broke a couple of windows as a protest, justifiable or otherwise, against what he considered the heavy sentence passed on his friend who had assaulted Mr. Lloyd George. Mr. Ball was sentenced to two months' hard labour, and because he was denied the privileges of a political offender, which he undoubtedly was, he entered upon the hunger strike as a further protest. Thereupon for five and a half weeks, that is thirty-eight days, twice a day, which is seventy-six times, we presume a tube was thrust through this man's nostril and down his throat, that some substance might be poured into his stomach. The mental effect of the process was such that the man complained of pains in his head and the sensation of electricity. Nevertheless, it was persisted in, for five and a half weeks, at the end of which time the man had become stark mad. The Home Office authorities, thereupon, without consulting the man's relatives, and giving them an opportunity to interfere, despatched him to Colney Hatch, from where finally his wife rescued him and placed him in a nursing home. Questioned as to this amazing atrocity in the House of Commons, the head of the Home Office department, Mr. Reginald McKenna made the statement that it was impossible that five and a half weeks' forcible feeding should drive a sane man insane. It is to be hoped that no one will feel it necessary to feed Mr. McKenna forcibly once, in order to be assured of his insanity. After his statement, a generous interpretation of his condition would be to consider him insane, which relieves us of the necessity of considering him a gross brute. In either case, it is very evident to us who have been inside the prisons, and know the kind of poor, driven, brow-beaten things whom he holds entirely at his mercy, that he is the last person in the world that the public should trust as the custodian of their poor and defeated. The honour and reputation of the nation is involved in the condonement of such acts of indecent, cold-blooded cruelty carried out under the aegis of a public Minister. The one bright feature emerging from this indecent business is the courageous, undaunted tenacity with which this pain-racked man clung to a principle. While we think that the heroism of the hunger strike, great as it is, can effect little vicariously, and that if there is to be hunger striking in the women's cause, the women should be doing it, we believe that this unflinching stand made on faith in our cause will be remembered as an abiding evidence of the fervent sincerity which is to be found therein. Pillars of Society. * "Did they drug her ? Did they drug you ? They don't have to drug you; you know that. The minute a girl tells me she was drugged * "The Daughters of Isnmael." Six shillings. {Stephen Swift and Co., London.) I say to myself : 'You're the kind that walk in and won't take "No" for an answer.' No, you catch flies with syrup ; you don't shoot them with machine guns. Narsty business, no?" Thus Evelyn, the aforetime chorus girl, who had descended in the market scale from a flat of her own to the status of a closely guarded prisoner in a street brothel. It is the kind of remark, constantly recurrent in "The Daughters of Ishmael," which overcomes the irritated scepticism with which one reads the usual "pathetic" account of the methods of the White Slave Traffic. The whole thing is so damnably easy in real life, that the decorative pictures of drugging and the like, even if true, have the effect of being more irritating than moving. The entire business is so much the only one reasonably to be expected from existent conditions, which we all placidly accept, that it is beyond human endurance to suffer the maudlin pathos worked up by wealthy and sentimental people on this subject. "What is wrong with the poor," says Mr. Shaw, "is poverty" ; and what is the cause of the White Slave Traffic is poverty, and-— more than poverty—the drabness of life. It was the drabness of life, and not so much poverty, which drove Mary—henceforward Violet—the "heroine" of this story, to run away at sixteen from her respectable working-class home to "marry" the "ponce"— the male procurer—in New York City. Once there, bullied, beaten, deprived of clothes and shoes, debauched by the life, held in a captivity which the police and the whole political machine were paid to protect, the wonder is how she managed to escape and to keep up the desire to escape. Escape, however, she did, only to sink lower and lower, until she was too repulsive to do trade with any customers save the scourings of the slums, and these only when they were stupefied or maddened with drink. Fleeing from a scene of murder in a tavern, she mechanically makes her way to the Western State, to her own people. Her mother's horror at her appearance, greater than her instinctive desire to shelter, desires only to get her away from the house before her father's return from work. "They were still standing in the kitchen, as women awaiting the summons of death, when first one steam whistle and then another began to call across the town. It was noon, and the moment of puddler Denbigh's return. Without a word they walked, hand in hand, across the short backyard, for Mary, it was tacitly agreed, must not risk an appearance upon the street in the neighbourhood of her father's house. Without a word, Mrs. Denbigh's knotted fingers opened the latch of the whitewashed gate, and, still in silence, Mary trudged away. She did not look back until she came to the first corner, and, when she got there, she saw her mother's shrunken body still at the gate, the old hand waving, the aproned figure shaking with sobs. It was still there when Mary reached the second corner ; but when she turned at the third it was gone." She returns to New York, and seeks out Rose, the brothel-keeper and her former captor. "But Rose, surveying the human ruin before her, shook, very positively, her masses of yellow hair. 'No,' she answered, 'I'm sorry, but I can't do that. It wouldn't be good business. You see, the life's got you, Mary : you're all in.'" Regarding Mary, the rest is silence ; regarding her like, the clamour rises daily. Miss Mary Macarthur, a few nights ago in the Albert Hall, told her audience that she had just left the girl workers of a workshop, where, after a week's work, the fines were such that the girls were in debt to their employers. What a hopeful thing! If only more February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 265 of the employers would fine their girls to this tune ! When we can get the girls who take four, five, six, seven, eight, and nine shillings a week wages in London to tell their employers to keep the change, their cry will have reached to heaven. Kauffman gives most of the methods of harvesting in. He even gives us the making of the "ponce." "The entrance to these lower orders lies, as in most orders, and most businesses, through a period of probation : the lad of sixteen plays the rôle of watch-dog and spy for his superiors, for which he earns an occasional fifty-cent piece, or a casual kettle of beer, vastly increasing his income if he now and then diverts, as he generally does, to the energies of amateur theft. From this stage he is admitted, by his own efforts, to the possession of one girl, whom he bullies into working for him along the streets. He may occasionally appear as a waiter at a café, and offer his women to its drunken habitués ; but most frequently he scorns all menial work, for which, in fact, conditions have utterly unfitted him. Sometimes he increases his slave-holding to a trio of women, and even farms out his victims to friends of his own or other neighbourhoods or towns : more often he delivers his human wares to the proprietors of houses intended for their reception, being paid in a lump sum, or on a royalty basis ; but in either case his ambition is, naturally, to rise to the position of a large property-holder, or the political receiver of tribute. If he is an Italian, common consent limits his operations to the southern end of the Bowery. If he is a Jew, his field lies about the Houston and Essex Street districts ; whatever his European parentage, he seeks his fellow-countrywomen, and if he is American-born he has the freedom of Broadway. His means are multitude. Wherever there is squalor seeking ease, he is there ; wherever there is distress crying for succour, discontent complaining for relief, weariness sighing for rest, there is this missionary, this 'cadet,' offering the quick salvation of his temporal church. He knows and takes subtile advantage of the Jewish sisters sent to work for the education of Jewish brothers, the Irish, the Germans, the Russians, and the Syrians ground in one or another economic mill : the restless, neurotic native daughters, untrained for work and spoiled for play. He is at the door of the factory when it releases its white-faced women for a breath of night air ; he is at the cheap lunch-room, where the stenographers bolt unwholesome noonday food, handed about by under-paid waitresses ; he lurks around the corner for the servant and the shop clerk. He remembers that these girls are too tired to do household work in their evenings : too untaught to find continued solace in books : that they must go out : that they must move about. And so he passes his own nights at the restaurants and theatres, the moving-picture shows, the dancing academies, and dance halls. He may go into those stifling rooms where immigrants, long before they learn to make a half-complete sentence of what they call the American language, learn what they are told are American dances—the whirling 'spiel,' with blowing skirt ; the 'half-time waltz,' with jerking hips. He may frequent the more sophisticated forms of these places, may even be seen in the more expensive cafés, or may journey into the provinces. But he scents poverty from afar. Where training is too strong, or distress too weak, to make serve the offer of partnership, the promise of marriage usually suffices. The thing is done, and, once done, blows and starvation perpetuate it with the ignorant, and threats of exposure and public shame rivet the shackles on the more knowing. The former suffer for their darkness, the latter are held faster in proportion to their previous respectability. One has said that this church is established ; in every city it maintains its incestuous marriage to the State. It controls real votes by the thousands and provides false ones by the tens of thousands. It is a church that may be considered to exercise the old ecclesiastical right of trying its own offenders in its own courts. When the magistrates have not begun as slavers, when they own no poor but highly rented houses, leased for prostitution, when they do not even accept tithes from the traffic, it is still largely the traffic that elects and can defeat them. What the Black Church owes to the political powers for their protection, the political powers owe to the church for its ballots." He paints the social reformer, Mr. Joshua Lennox, who keeps a draper's store, and who has reached a position of affluence which enables him to assist noble charities by money amassed by paying his employees prostitution wages. "He was the perfection of that noble work of heaven, a Prominent Citizen. Joshua Lennox endowed Bowery chapels with organs and meat supplies ; he contributed heavily to missions among the benighted Japanese ; he assisted in arbitrating strikes wherein his fellow-employers were concerned; he always served on memorial committees ; he regularly subscribed to the campaign funds of all movements towards municipal and political reform." His establishment was run by a seneschal modelled on himself, who was able to make an inquiry of a pretty, under-paid assistant with his eyes, and insist on an answer in the same non-committal form of communication. His daughter was beautiful, soulful, and college-bred, and spent her post-graduate period in slumming and settlement work among those whom her revered parent and his kind had helped to create. We are interested in this daughter, Marion, for though she is soulful and holds her neck at the opera at an intellectual angle, she represents a type which will yet have to be reckoned with. At present this type is silly and poseful, priding itself upon its "purity," and rather proud of being shocked by shocking things, revelling in the pose of the "pure woman." "She was tall, and moved with assurance ; her full throat rose above the ermine of her cloak, supporting a delicately carved head—the head of a Greek cameo —held rigidly erect. The hair was a rich chestnut, the eyes large and brown, and the mouth at once firm and kindly. Her skin was very fair, her gloved hands long and slender." "In the midst of Rivington Street there is a house that used, long ago, to be a Methodist parsonage. A little group of devoted women are doing their best to redeem, by social activities, the people of the neighbourhood from the benighted condition in which the people's lot is cast. This best has now been done for more years than a few, and the people, still considering it necessary to remain alive, and still knowing that, to remain alive, they must submit to the economic system imposed upon them, continue discouragingly unredeemed. But the devoted women, though they neglect the disease for its symptoms, persist, as only feminine natures can persist. They are college-bred women, with the limitations and emancipations of their class ; and they have a great deal to occupy their attention besides their essays in social entertainment. For the most part they pass their days in really practical investigation. One of them will inspect the public schools, and impartially consider curricula and ventilation. Another will visit tenements, and ask housewives personal questions for the tabular benefit of the Russell Sage Foundation. A third goes into laundries of the best hotels, and 266 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 finds that these hostelries force their washerwomen to sleep twenty in a room. Yet, when they return to Rivington Street, these daylight investigators spur their wearied nerves to further exertion, and go forward, not to teach the toilers the practical cause and remedy of the economic evil, but to form the boys and girls, the young women and young men, into reading groups, debating clubs, sewing circles, cookery classes, and elocutionary juntas. Their zeal is boundless, their martyrdom sadly genuine, and, if there is humour, there is something more than humour in their ultimate complaint. 'Some of our people we retain, but most of them slip away, and, with the best of fortune, we seem somehow able to do so little.'" Referring to the calculated discouragement of Marion's slumming activities in the area where her prospective husband, a lawyer and magistrate, carried on his unholy practice, "the point wherein these calculations erred was their underestimation of the momentum of girlish impulse. The method of consideration which makes one slow to reach convictions works beyond the convictions and retards one from action upon them once they are achieved ; but the impulsive mind that bolts a creed unmasticated, straightway drives its owner, in the creed's behalf, in the thumbscrews or the rack. It is from the pods of half-baked opinions that there is shaken the seed of the church. Marion meant to keep her purpose." It was Marion's prim purity which drove Violet away from the settlement. It was in order to please Marion's sensitive purity that the machinery of the police force was set in motion to entrap Violet. It was for Marion's sake that Violet whitewashed the record of the magistrate, that she might marry this politician who made his money by prostitution and bought his position by corruption. It was for Marion's sake and her mother's that her father sweated his workers and broke the lives of the women. It is her dulness, and her purity, and her monopolist position, or rather those of her class, which creates the demand which, in turn, creates the supply for vice. When, therefore, she and her sort cease to be pretty, pure, poseful parasites, many things will readjust themselves for the better, in this sad underworld. "The Daughters of Ishmael" relates to American conditions, and it does not seem likely that the conditions of capitvity in brothels are so possible in London as in New York. But to us this seems a wholly irrelevant consideration, as the captivity does not consist in shuttered window, locked door, and stolen clothing, but in the impossible financial position in which girls and women find themselves. When Violet escaped, and there was the whole world before her, was there any other moneyearning occupation open to her? There was not. The chief hope to women such as these is in the life of domestic servants ; but housewives will not take this class of woman into their homes. And this is easy to understand. There is nothing more anti-social than the fear of infection and contagion, and these women suggest both. Who, under ordinary circumstances, will risk either? Not many of us, and certainly not in our own houses. It is suggested, in a very sympathetic leader in the Spectator, that the difficultiesand dangers of the situation are perhaps a little exaggerated. We do not think so ; in fact, the one criticism which might be made of this book is that its dangers are limited to the class which are driven into its area by sheer starvation. As we have said, it is not only absolute starvation which is a factor. There is the factor of joylessness. and, as far as we can gather, the procurers and procuresses carry on an extensive canvass on this supposition. The chief lures seem to be worked through the employment agencies. It can be assumed that those who apply at the agencies are out of employment, and therefore have the thought of poverty before them. An instance of how the thing can be worked is supplied by the following:—Last summer, an intimate friend of our own, who was earning her living in London, had an engagement as visiting mistress at a suburban high school. For two mornings per week she received 9s. fee, and out of this had to pay her own 'bus fares. She answered an advertisement put out by an agency on behalf of a doctor who required a secretary for a few hours daily—salary £1 per week. Upon applying at the registry, a painted and dyed-haired lady demanded a fee, and then produced an address, and an appointment was made for our friend to meet the doctor the following day at an address near Piccadilly. Next day she called on the "doctor," finding that he lived in bachelor chambers. The inquiries made followed these lines : whether she had any friends in London ; whether she objected to travel ; whether she objected to answering his personal letters ; and finally she was handed a letter to show her the kind of thing he would require her to answer. It was not an indecent letter, but contained references to night toilettes and terms of endearment. She still stuck to the statement that she could answer such letters if he wished, and he thereupon arranged for her to come the following evening, the hours being four per day, from seven until eleven. She accepted the appointment, and got away. Upon relating the story to us, it was pointed out that the situation contained serious dangers, and she was finally persuaded not to risk it—even for a pound a week. She made no communication to the man explaining her nonappearance, and he did not write, although he had her address. The point is that, had she not been overpersuaded, she would have taken up the appointment, and that, had she not had friends who happened to have a little money at the time, she would have been compelled to take it. Six weeks later she received from a large firm of typewriter makers, who run a school of training for clerks and secretaries, and with whom she had had no connection whatsoever, a letter asking her to call concerning an appointment. She found, upon calling, that the same "doctor" had given her name and address to the manager, and had asked them to fix up the appointment. It was evident that he had wished to find out whether a further six weeks of possible unemployment had changed her decision, for, with poverty, as he probably rightly conjectured, all things are possible. In view of the large number of girls who are turned out into posts from the clerical schools monthly, she told the manager the story, and he offered to inquire into the matter ; but from that time the incident has been closed. One could well wish, therefore, that Mr. Kauffman would do for London what he has done with such magnificent truthfulness, and with the restraint of an artist, for New York. The methods he describes are those of America, but everything denotes that the traffic here is quite as extensive and quite as active and overpowering. Far from being a mysterious, hushed-up thing, which is known only to the "fallen," it is an atmosphere into which every girl and woman steps the moment she leaves the shelter of home and friends and endeavours to obtain a position of money-earning independence. Miss Rona Robinsons second article on "King's College for Women" is unavoidably held over owing to lack of space; also "Luang Sawat, B.A." Part II., by B. A. S, February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN Education from the Universal Standpoint. III.—THE EDUCATION OF THE PARENT. IF man were truly natural—that is, if he inhabited a warm climate, lived in the open air, wore no clothes, and ate fruits only—it would be vain to suggest a means of getting health, or even of keeping health, for he would inevitably have it and keep it without making any conscious effort towards that end. But in any civilisation whatever, a perfectly healthy person is a great rarity, and not only is it impossible for any town-dweller to attain to great health, but it is also impossible for a perfectly healthy person to retain great health, if he becomes a town-dweller. The reason, of course, is that pure air, wide spaces, solitude, silence, starry skies, earth—that is, real sweet soil—cannot be had except in niggardly proportion, even if pure food can be obtained. And power will slowly evaporate in consequence. The position is, however, not so hopeless as it appears by that first statement. The whole of mankind cannot, of course, return at once to its heritage, but it will gradually go back to the earth by sending its children back, and those who are compelled by the conditions in which they are to remain in those conditions, because they have not the power to break away and go out penniless into the world, could all get for themselves a far greater measure of health than they now possess if they only knew how. It is a commonplace that a study of disease, however earnest, will never lead to health. We must think health, if we want to get nearer to it, and must force ourselves to smile, instead of allowing ourselves to brood. It is not only true that health makes happiness, but it is also true that happiness makes health ; and it is well known that if we form the outward signs of a smile and hold them there for a while, we feel somewhat of the inner emotions too. In the same way, we shall gain power if we learn to treat life as if it were a book, and underline the passages which we like, instead of dwelling upon the things that worry or displease us. If we think that fate is unkind to us, that joys are meted out to us with stint, we have only to picture ourselves homeless, loveless, friendless, foodless, penniless, and we shall see at once how rich we are. It is largely a matter of attitude of mind, and if we can adopt a positive, constructive, optimistic one, we are then on the way to strength. That attitude is, however, not too easy to gain ; but if, whenever we find ourselves being weak, we speak to ourselves in silence and force ourselves to affirmations, we shall gradually overcome that weakness. In thus compelling ourselves to be happier, we are inevitably becoming healthier, becoming more truly ourselves and getting nearer to the time when we can serve others : for service is of no value till we have the power to give without feeling loss. Unselfishness is often too narrow-minded to see how much self-development contributes to the good of the community, and so, in its desire to help, dissipates itself before it knows how to give the one great gift—love. For that is the essential want of all, and when love is high enough, giving is receiving, receiving giving, and there is question neither of selfishness nor of unselfishness ; there is only sharing. Before, however, we can attain to that realm, we must have learned more than to control the intellect. We must have learned how to empty the brain entirely of thoughts at will, so that the light which is higher than intellect, the light that is in us, 267 may work. For the intellect has limitations, great limitations, and cannot comprehend eternal things ; but the light of each one of us has been from all time and will be for all time. It can go forth into the fields of the infinite and can communicate things to our bodies by such subtle feelings that man can never think them, far less utter them. To it there is no space, as there is no time to it. And to it there is no evil. Whatever message it brings, it is true and lasting. It is the intellect that has fashions, and it is intellectual work that is true only for a season and a number. The messages of the light are true for all men and for all time. And, no matter whether it is in painting, or literature, or music, or any other art, only that lives which has been done by the light. The rest—that which is done by the intellect—has a vogue, serves a purpose, and dies. There are different ways of speaking of these things, of this emptying of the mind. We can say that we look to the light, or that we go into the silence, or that we walk with God. The words and expressions differ, but the fact is the same—namely, that the power which we have in ourselves depends upon the extent to which we can draw from the all-pervading spirit ; and we can only draw upon that spirit by learning to lay aside our thoughts at will and rest the brain as well as all other parts of the body. Only when the brain is still can the light work. Only when the brain is still can we be receptive of higher things. Only when the brain is still can we discover. If we watch very small children, we see that they do not reason out what they will do, but that they act as their light prompts them ; and they would continue so to act if they were given freedom to develop naturally. But civilised people, through living unnaturally, lose the keenness of all their senses, and then are forced to try and discover with their brains, or with mechanical means, what they ought to know sensitively, by feeling. Hence the educational systems established by civilised people always pay undue attention to mental work—so great attention, in fact, that most adults find it difficult to relax the brain at will. Of course, the brain is intended to be used, or man would not have one ; but it is intended, like the other more physical senses, for observation. It is not meant for discovery. It has never discovered anything—and it never will. All discoveries—spiritual, scientific, mechanical—have all been got by the light ; for what we call intuition or a flash of inspiration is nothing else but something that has come through to us when the brain was still. Take a case of common experience. You want to remember, we will suppose, the name of a place where you spent a holiday. You think and think, but can't remember. You think again, and feel that it is on your tongue, but still don't know it. You think again and again. It is so near and yet so elusive, and you continue to think, till your brain gets tired and sore and muddled, and you exasperated. At length you give it up in absolute disgust, and then, when you have shut off your mind, the name comes through quite naturally, and without your consciousness of how it arrived. The light, which can go and see what you want to know, is free when your thoughts stop, and does go and see and bring back what you need. And that is the way we can all acquire knowledge. If we will just marshal before our mind's eye what we know of any subject upon which we wish to have more light, if we will just collect the scattered fragments of it and bring them to a point and then shut off our thoughts, what we want to know will come through, because our thoughts direct our light where to look, 268 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 and then, when they are shut off, we become receptive of the message that it brings back—which we cannot catch if we still continue to think. Now, this attitude of receptivity, which some adults can only acquire after much practice, is the natural attitude of the little child. It is the attitude in which we are in harmony with the universe and at peace with ourselves. It is the self-effacement which Eastern philosophers teach, and which Western civilisations have misinterpreted as pessimism. It is the attitude wherein the seagull is one with the wave, wherein the child is one with the driven leaves, wherein a man feels his kinship to the stars. It is often mistaken for an attitude of idleness ; but the silence of the child, as of the sage, denotes moments in which things begin to mould themselves—things which no lips can ever say. Until we attain thereto, we cannot know great health or great happiness, and it was to this that Christ obviously referred when he said that, in order to enter the kingdom of heaven, a man must be born again and become as a little child. The kingdom of heaven is, of course, a state of happiness : so much power flows in when we can remain receptive for a long time that we feel reborn, and we become as a little child when we have an open mind and open heart. We have only to abandon prejudice, and we shall soon have revelation. And when things begin to come through to us we gradually get rid of all fixed beliefs, and know that there is no standard of right and wrong, and do not want to judge others or impose our thoughts upon our children. Then, indeed, we are on the way to wisdom, having got back to childhood, and having learned, probably by many unpleasant experiences, what to avoid. Till we reach that stage, we can help ourselves and our children most by giving them freedom and allowing them to educate us. Philip Oyler. Population and the Food Supply. il NOW let us see what are the deductions from the law of Malthus which enable us to judge of its validity. Four of the principal ones may be given here. 1. Connection Between the Birthand DeathRates.—According to what has been said above, in order that population should be able to increase without restraint, the food supply must not only be maintained, but be increased by 4 per cent. each year. Now each country can not only maintain the population it has, as a rule, but can increase its supply of food, either by opening up new land, by improving its agriculture, or by developing its manufactures, which exchange for the food of other countries. In no country of the old world is this increase sufficient, but it seems to average about 1 per cent. per annum. As population cannot actually run ahead of food, this means that the rate of increase of population can only be 1 per cent., or 10 per 1,000, per annum. Suppose, then, that we have a birth-rate of 50 per 1,000. This means that the death-rate must be 40 per 1,000, or four times the rate of New Zealand. If the birth-rate falls to 30, the death-rate can fall to 20, and we can only obtain the natural death-rate of 10 per 1,000 with a birth-rate of 20 instead of 50 per 1,000. If the birth-rate rises or falls, the death-rate will rise or fall with it. This connection between the birthand deathrate is an all-important one, and, as stated in my last article, it is most remarkably verified by the actual vital statistics of various countries and towns. I have put all these statistics in the form of diagrams, and the way in which the birthand deathrates rise and fall together is the most remarkable fact in social science. This means that the fall of the birth-rate has produced an immense improvement in the conditions of the people, irrespective of any social reforms; while, on the other hand, no social reforms have been of any avail to prolong life, if the birth-rate has not fallen. 2. The Evolutionary Doctrine of Darwin.—No rational explanation of evolution could be obtained until Darwin—avowedly adopting the doctrine of Malthus—realised the struggle for existence due to the eternal incapability of food to keep pace with reproduction. This doctrine has satisfactorily accounted for the whole course of evolution, from the protozoa to man.* Not only does this verify the law of Malthus as regards the lower animals, but, by showing that man is evolved from them, it justifies the application of this law to him as well, unless anyone can give a justification for supposing that the law ceased to act at a certain stage. 3. The Absence of Nitrogenous Products in the Sea.—This verification is a recent one of my own, which appears to me of some importance, although Mr. Hunt apparently does not appreciate it. In my belief, the amount of life-supporting material in the earth's crust is very decidedly limited, and the doctrine of the struggle for existence teaches us that wherever means for supporting life exists, life will soon appear. Now, three-fourths of the earth's surface is covered by water, into which the drainage of the whole earth's surface pours. The great bulk of the nitrogenous waste of our great cities is poured into the sea, not diffused into the atmosphere, as Mr. Hunt would have us suppose. Every river brings down to the sea a certain proportion of organic refuse, and this has been going on for untold ages. If there were any real excess of lifesupporting material, it is evident that it would be found in large quantities in the sea—but the sea contains no nitrogenous products. This can only mean that these products brought down by our rivers are almost instantly absorbed by marine life, and that any attempt at retaining them for greater fertilisation of the soil would only result in diminishing the supply of fish. I am met at this point by the query of H. B., who asks how there can be any deficiency of fish when quantities are often destroyed at Grimsby and elsewhere. It is one of the tricks of Nature that, while her general supply is insufficient, she tantalises us by sudden local bursts of plenty. The more complex civilisation becomes—and this is especially true of any State-controlled system—the less is it able to work efficiently without regular routine. The railway service and other facilities at Grimsby and other places are based upon a certain average supply, and a sudden large increase, such as occurs every now and then in fishery, could not probably be coped with unless a large amount of extra labour and rolling-stock were kept available and idle during the ordinary times. This difficulty must apply to all perishable commodities, such as fish or fruit, which are very fluctuating in supply ; and those who imagine that any State system would get rid of it cannot have had much experience of the inertia of such systems. It is the narrow specialisation caused by the attempt to increase efficiency and obtain subsistence for larger numbers that is at the root of much of this wastefulness, * I am fully aware, of course, of the part played by sexual selection. But no biologist pretends that this ever eliminated the struggle for existence, and it may be considered as simply a manifestation of it. February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 269 and while a large proportion of the people are concentrated in the great towns such waste will inevitably go on. 4. The Actual Deficiency of the Food Supply.— As mentioned in my last article, M. Giroud has made a most careful study of the actual food products available for the civilised portion of the globe for two years, 1887 and 1907, the former being a year of exceptionally great production. Here are his results in simple tabular form:— Albuminoids Fats Carbohydrates Calories grams, grams, grams. Standard Ration .. .. 125 80 520 3,400 Year. Population. Equiv. Population. 1887 745,800,000 564,800,000 90 6l 458 2,840 I907 929,000,000 697,000,000 84 6l 456 2,790 The standard ration given above is the amount required per adult man per day, according to the greatest authorities. The actual population dealt with is given in the table, showing that the number dealt with was more than half, and the more prosperous half of the world's population, while the "equivalent population" is the number of adult men which would be equivalent to it as regards food requirements. The result is that, as regards albuminoids, the actual amount available, if perfectly evenly distributed, would only have been 90 grams daily in 1887 and 84 grams in 1907, or only about two-thirds of that required for health and strength. These figures were disputed on their first appearance by M. Elysée Reclus, the famous geographer and Socialist, but he was obliged to admit his error, and they have been accepted by many authorities since, among others by Prof. Forel, the well-known biologist and Socialist. But people of Mr. Hunt's and Mr. Lewis' faith will immediately retort that, even if this deficiency is correct, it is merely the result of the abominable land and social systems, which have prevented the full powers of the soil from being used, and that plenty could have been produced were it not for these unfair conditions. I am not in a position to deny, nor is anyone else, that the world is capable of fully supporting its present population if its resources were completely used ; although, on the other hand, neither Mr. Hunt nor anyone else is in a position to prove that it is. But what is clear to anyone who is capable of scientific reasoning is, that if you start with a population of 1,500 millions and an initial serious deficiency of food, no social reorganisation and no scientific improvements whatsoever are going to make the food supply catch up with and maintain an increase of population of 4 per cent. per year. Not even for one year is it likely that food will get ahead. To imply that we should wait until we have got the greatest possible amount of food before restricting population is like assuring an insolvent person, whose expenditure continually exceeds his income, that he need not retrench until he has got the utmost possible return from his business. Surely the more rational and humane course, if there is any doubt upon the matter at all, is to restrict families until it is proved that plenty can be obtained, instead of creating life in the mere hope that food can be obtained for it. My claim is that the statistical verification of the law of Malthus, and of the deductions made from it, are sufficient to completely establish it to anyone who is accustomed to look behind appearances to their true causes, and that the apparent exceptions quoted by Mr. Hunt and others no more disprove the law than the upward movement of a balloon disproves the law of gravitation. As John Stuart Mill has said, the law of population ought to be regarded as axiomatic, and beyond the possibility of argument. And beyond all this theory there are the facts that, wherever restriction of population has been adopted, people are living longer and healthier lives, and that, on the other hand, when the birthrate rises, even in the more settled parts of Canada, the death-rate rises with it. Mr. Lewis asks if I can "show that where the pressure is relieved real wages rise : if we compare France with England, for example?" I am much obliged for the invitation. If he will look at the Board of Trade Labour Gazette for November last he will find that from 1900 to 1910 the index number of wages in France has risen from 100 to 110, and that of the cost of living from 100 to 104, so that real wages have risen 6 per cent. in France. In England money wages have remained stationary, and the cost of living has increased by about 10 per cent., so that France has shown a 16 per cent. advantage over England as regards real wages during the last ten years. And it is further most interesting to note that in Ireland, where the population is practically stationary, money wages have increased almost in exact conformity with prices* instead of remaining nearly stationary, as in England. I am afraid that the "modern economists," of which Mr. Lewis tells us, are most of them far too anxious to avoid countenancing the unpopular population doctrine to look these and other facts squarely in the face. The only other matter which I must venture to refer to in this already too lengthy article is Mr. Lewis' assertion that the poor reproduce rapidly because they are poor. This is one of the things which Socialists always tell us when they are pressed on the population doctrine. It is absolutely untrue. The poor reproduce rapidly because they are ignorant of the means of prevention, and for no other reason. Before the Bradlaugh and Besant trial of 1876 the richer classes had just as large families as the poorer, and it is simply the knowledge disseminated by this trial which led to the reduction of the birth-rate in twelve countries of Europe the very next year. The Queen of Spain has just had five children in six years, and the German Crown Princess is not far behind. What the poor really need is for the educated classes to extend to them the knowledge they have been employing for themselves, and if these educated classes had any real compassion for the sufferings of the poor, they would help in extending this knowledge instead of pretending that improved conditions will automatically bring about limitation. In The Freewoman of February 1st I see that the discussion is still going on concerning the moral aspects of the question, and, with the Editors' permission, I will deal with these next week. C. V. DRYSDALE. * See the "Daily Mail Year Book," 1912, p. 62. THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES &amp; TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed : 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO.. LTD.. 10, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .—Yearly, 14s. ; Six Months, 7s.; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THF. FREEWOMAN 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. 270 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 Correspondence. CLEARING THE GROUND. To the Editors of The Freewoman. You are quite right. It is too soon for constructive work on the sex question. A great deal of rubbish has to be cleared away first. All cant must be got rid of : among the rest the mischievous variety of it which is to be found in the letter of P. Sherwen, and in many others which you have published—that of assuming that Nature is thrifty, consistent, and reasonable ; in short, a trustworthy guide. In pre-Darwinian days this optimistic view might perhaps have passed muster, but we all know now that Nature is a hopeless spendthrift and a reckless sower of discord. Wherever we turn for guidance in formulating the sex-relationship of the future, we need not expect light or leading from Nature. Observe, for instance, the fiendish ingenuity with which she provides for the possibility of sexual intercourse between the immature. No human organiser would have been guilty of so cruel a blunder. We have got to take Dame Nature as she is, thoroughly immoral, inconsiderate, "red in tooth and claw," careless of everything except the permanence of the species. We must make the best of her by studying her vagaries, allowing for them, and controlling them to our own ends. Of course, it is true that "nowhere in Nature do we find an instinct implanted . . . without a purely utilitarian purpose," but the two are often ludicrously out of scale. The disproportion between the reproductive impulse in the human male and the necessity for it is a case in point. It is no good blinking the fact. On the contrary, we must make use of it. The task set for civilisation has been to turn the wastefulness of Nature to account; in fact, to devise by-products. Civilisation has been busy for thousands of years in performing this task, in turning the superfluous motor power into new channels. What we are apt to forget is, that the power is being generated afresh all the time. Sex-emotion provides the driving force for progress, not only for the race, but for the individual. Among women, at all events—I speak for my own sex—falling in love is still the readiest method of tapping a new source of power. It quadruples one's vitality at a stroke. It completes the circuit, kindling flame in the dullest soul by bringing it into touch with the eternal impulse of life. In these modern discussions on sex, people are too apt to focus attention on parenthood, and to forget the more important aspect of the question, the human passion of love which it has taken countless centuries to develop. Sexual intercourse is significant chiefly as a sacrament— an outward and visible sign of an inward and spiritual grace—as a symbol of the mysterious force which serves to raise men and women out of common life into a more vital region of keen perception and limitless power. Compared with this, its rôle as a preliminary of child-bearing is a commonplace matter, and, as Mr. D'Auvergne pointed out, comparatively easy to regulate. Let us by all means work towards a reasonably Eugenic regulation of parenthood, which should certainly include as free a choice as possible on the part of a woman of a desirable father for her child, even if he cannot be her exclusive mate ; but the subject is not ripe yet for any legislative reform, except perhaps in the direction of easier divorce. The family, as a social and economic unit, is doomed. We who are working for the recognition of State responsibility for children are digging its grave; but it will die hard, and we must have patience. Some day a woman will be able to choose whether she will bear her children to the State as a citizen or to a man as his wife. That will be the age of Freewomen, and also of Free men, for no man will need to put his neck under the yoke of domesticity unless he chooses. He will be able to work untrammelled if he prefers to do so. But let us beware of allowing this more prosaic animal side of the sex-relationship to eclipse the other, which is human and spiritual ; and especially let us beware of a second kind of optimistic cant which takes for granted that the love problem and the parenthood problem are identical. It would be very pretty if they were; but we know in our hearts that they are not. Parenthood is a public function ; the passion of love, though of immense social value, is essentially individual. Parenthood is an open and permanent responsibility; love is like the wind that bloweth where it listeth ; thou hearest the sound of it, but canst not tell whence it cometh nor whither it goeth. A Grandmother. [With this letter we are wholly in agreement.—Ed.] THE CHASTITY OF CONTINENCE? To the Editors of The Freewoman. There is much in the last issue of your fine paper with which I entirely agree, but I should be glad if you can find space to enter a short protest against the general conclusions drawn from their personal experience by your correspondents, E. M. Watson and Kathlyn Oliver. E. M. Watson asks : "What proof is there that the abstinence of many single women is injurious to them?" And Kathlyn Oliver, for whose clear and courageous statement on a most important subject one must feel grateful, says : "I deny absolutely that abstinence has any bad effect on my health." Quite so; and one must admit that there are many women whose constitution and temperament are what Professor Forel calls "sexually anaesthetic," without thereby suffering any lack of mental or motor energy, or of capacity for affection, or even the maternal instinct. Let women so constituted by ail means abstain from what affords them no pleasure ; but do not, therefore, let them make their temperamental coldness into a rigid standard for others. There is probably a far greater range of variation sexually among women than among men, and the sister or friend of the cool-blooded woman may be capable of intense sexual emotion. I have known specimens of all varieties intimately, and I can assure E. M. Watson and Kathlyn Oliver that the health, the happiness, the social usefulness, and the mental capacity of many women have been seriously impaired and sometimes totally ruined by the unnatural conditions of their lives. That there is a psychological side to the question as well as a physiological, I should be the last to deny, nor do I deny that many women have been made ill and wretched by the unrestrained indulgence of married life with ignorant or brutal husbands. There is surely a middle path between total abstinence and excess ; the abuse of a natural pleasure does not make it entirely injurious and to be deprecated. May I remind your correspondents that sex is only beginning to be scientifically studied in its various aspects? Also that what is needed, above all things, is a spirit of mutual tolerance, comprehension, and help among women and between men and women. For this reason I deplore the reference in Miss Oliver's letter to "the lower animals, including man." The lower animals, by the way, are sexually active only at certain times of the year, unless their normal habits have been broken up by domestication. There is just one other point I should like to mention, and your paper is the only lay publication in English in which it could be made, so I sincerely trust you will, if possible, print this. Sexual abstinence implies absolute abstention from all forms of what Havelock Ellis terms "auto-erotism"—thus including imaginative and psychic excitation in its various forms. How many single women have entirely refrained from these practices? I imagine that, if reliable statistics were obtainable, they would very much astonish our friends. I distinctly repudiate passing any "moral" judgment on these various forms of onanism, whose danger to health and sanity has, on the whole, been much overrated. My point is that they constitute sexual indulgence just as truly as do normal sexual relations; and I believe that, without having recourse to their aid, many women would find abstinence from normal sexual relations impossible. I enclose my card, and am, with all good wishes for the success of The Freewoman, and appreciation of its courage and interest, A New Subscriber. February 19th, 1912. THE ESTHETIC STATUS OF SEX. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I wonder what your correspondent Kathlyn Oliver means by "the degrading laxity in sex matters which is indulged in by most of the lower animals, including man." I rather think that, among animals anyhow, indulgence in the sexual function is severely limited to occasions when its exercise is physiologically appropriate, the male appetite being aroused by the simple stimulus of the female effluvia during the breeding season, this activity occurring only at regular seasonal intervals. With man the business is by no means so simple, and I think that when your correspondent talks of laxity, she February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 271 means complexity, which is also very annoying. The simple reflex action of animals has, in the process of man's aesthetic development, evolved into an elaborate faculty of life, a mysterious sensory function with no definite limitations. The artistic impulse is not unconnected with sex, and does not Weininger associate the sexual instinct with the pleasure that we experience in travel ? Of course, the economic subjection of woman has, in the past, given her a purely material idea of sex, and I suppose that for a time we must expect that even freewomen will be rather too much concerned with sanctions and authorities. By all means let us advocate continence, if only in order to maintain tonicity, but not merely to distinguish ourselves from the lower animals. F. M. P. LIMITATIONS OF PARENTAGE. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I send a pamphlet by "John W. Taylor, M.Sc, F.R.C.S.Eng.," late Surgeon to the Birmingham and Midland Hospital for Women, whose recent death is deplored by many grateful patients and friends. What he says therein is heart-breakitigly true. I so call it, as so many are unwilling and unable to receive his verdict. Compromise has to be the lot of many. The drawbacks of the disablements caused in the life of child-bearing, to many, are sad disenchantments in early married life ; and I sympathise with those who have experienced them. A complete change of view and of life is necessary before such wise and imperatively and imperially needed steps as Dr. Taylor desires can be taken. I think more knowledge and understanding is required to take in the meaning of the results which may follow preventive systems. I have known young women anxiously inquiring of doctors and friends of the effects of such means, and to them the answer, "It plays havoc with the nerves," seemed merely "I suppose I may sometimes be hysterical, and I shall try not to be." Whereas far deeper evils were being hatched for herself, her husband, and for any future children they might have. Robert Owen, the younger, published a pamphlet, which in most attractive and high-minded words promulgated a system no doubt known to many of your readers. Being a philanthropist and a deep thinker, his words were of great power to many. I never heard that he recanted or disbelieved in his system, though the fact is that he died—mad. C. V. Drysdale, in a letter to The Freewoman of February 1st, says he considers the "universal knowledge of the means of family limitation the most important of all Eugenic reforms." In the same number, a correspondent, "Coralie M. Boord," asks a question, which the pamphlet I forward unhesitatingly answers, as to the effect on the vitality of those who use these means of limitation. I should be much obliged if Dr. Taylor's pamphlet could be sent to the writer of that letter when you have finished with it. "On the Diminishing Birth-Rate," by John W. Taylor. Presidential address delivered before the British Gynaecological Society, February 11th, 1904. Price, 1s. A Truth Seeker. February 18th, 1912. CHILDREN AND THE LOWER APPETITE. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I wish to make a few comments on the letter of "The Wife of the Man Happy and Married." I protest, first, against the assumption that most of your contributors and correspondents must be (1) either unhappily married, or (2) young men with ideas that they want to ventilate. Of course this is the usual attitude of the unimaginative British Philistine : "I am happily married; you disagree with me, therefore you are unhappily married ; and it must be the result of your own wickedness, or you would be as happy as I am!" I must now announce that I am one of those whom "The Wife, etc.," is seeking, a woman unusually happily married, whose marriage has now lasted seven years. It is deplorable that the lady at once assumes that if married people regulate their family their lives are one long orgy ! She makes the usual wild statement that the children of neo-Malthusians are all "accidental." She is evidently unable to believe in a natural desire for children at suitable intervals, such as will insure their health and strength, at the same time obviating the unnatural continence which, in my experience, is productive of excessive bad temper and a general lowering of the average of health. Of course, I am speaking of strong, healthy people, not the anaemic creatures who seem composed of weak tea and sawdust that one meets with such distressing frequency. I am proud to say that I have extremely healthy, fine children. Their births have been deliberate, and I shall go on having them at suitable intervals. I myself am one of a "deliberate" family of six, and I have personal knowledge of eight other families all equally "deliberate," and averaging four children. So much for the accidental theory. To say that a child is not a "love" child because its birth is deliberated on with care and thought for its health (which is bound up with that of the mother), is to have a degrading idea of "love." It is like the remark of another of your correspondents about the degrading nature of sex which she calls "lower appetites," and associates with the "lower animals." But why is sex passion any more degrading than the mother's passion for her children? (Shared equally with the "lower animals," and therefore, I suppose, a "lower appetite.") It is time women stopped alternately exalting and degrading one of our many natural functions entirely out of proprotion to its intrinsic importance. It is only by good work such as The Freewoman is doing in breaking down the silence on this subject that women will cease to be obsessed by sex as they are to-day. Rationalist. THE EXCITATION OF SEX DISCUSSIONS. To the Editors of The Freewoman. One of your writers has written you a letter which must have suggested to your readers that my letter of a fortnight ago was meant as a personal attack on him, for he does not think it worth while to deal with the main idea of my letter, viz., that the over-emphasis of mere sexuality as a factor of life is dangerous, but only with that sentence in it which seems to him to be a thrust at his own self-esteem. The inevitable consequence of concentrating too exclusively upon sex matters is, that the thoughts, in spite of our better selves, tend to run towards sex oftener than we can approve. For the sake of the community and one's own sanity, it is wise to refuse assent to a proposition which practically amounts to this, that one of the blind, irrational, and purely animal tendencies of human nature is the whole of human nature, a proposition which has the further disadvantage of being untrue. Yet the overemphasis of sex does suggest that sexual considerations are the chief concerns of human life, and that the reproductive instinct is the all-powerful motive of human action. Statistics may be adduced to support this view, but one's own intuition pronounces it false. Frank Watts. UNDUE EMPHASIS ON SEX. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I should like to be allowed to express agreement with the letter of Mr. Frank Watts in the February 1st issue of your paper. I have taken The Freewoman since its first appearance, and have also felt inclined to deprecate the extreme prominence given to sex questions. I agree that to obtain the franchise is not the one and only end of the feminist movement; but the obsession of the vote (upon which your editorial comments have been severe) is surely less of an evil than the obsession of the sex question, and not a whit more limited. Many of the subjects upon which articles and correspondence have appeared are treated in medical text-books and works on physiology, and treated naturally with more knowledge and competence than would be possible in a weekly paper. Why should The Freewoman, therefore, mainly fill its columns with such matter? It is regrettable, because many topics which your readers would desire to be mentioned and discussed must thereby be crowded out. A Reader. February 12th, 1912. A CONUNDRUM. To the Editors of The Freewoman. On reading the first sentence of the letter from "The Wife of the Man Married and Happy," I foresaw the prospect of a delightful half-hour spent in replying to it; but the lady has so cunningly availed herself of the intricacies of the English language that I fear an answer must be deferred until she has solved the following conundrums which she has set, and which are quite beyond my poor masculine powers of comprehension: — (1) "But I can assure you that this does not constitute 272 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 being Freewomen, and a decent man be content to be 'a mere fertiliser.'" (2) "The Freewoman started well by defining itself as having objects the reverse of Bondwomen." (3) "The way to joy in love and marriage is for Freewomen to educate their mates to be at least as free and content as tom-cats." These little gems remind me of the puzzle-question in vogue some twenty years ago, "Why do mice when they spin?" The Happy Husband of Coralie M. Boord. February 15th, 1912. CONTINENCE AND MARRIAGE. To the Editors of The Freewoman. There were two errors in the printing of my letter in last week's Freewoman. The end of line eight should read : "a decent man will not be content to be a 'mere fertiliser,'" and the word "content" in the sixth line from the end should he "continent." The Wife of the Man Married and Happy. ® © ss&gt; A HOME WORKER. To the Editors of The Freewoman. May I touch briefly, again omitting nine-tenths of what I want to say, upon your replies to my letter? (1) "The domestic mother need have no qualification." Is it not possible to fix a minimum standard of health, etc., for the children, on which State subsidies would depend? (See No. 6.) (2) I do not defend haphazard entry into marriage and motherhood—I think it is deplorable and remediable. I only wish to criticise a plan which entails the abolition of "home motherhood." If parents must provide maintenance, your scheme is restricted to the well-to-do classes. (3) You seem to suggest that fathers now do double work. In my experience, fathers leave the entire personal care and training of their children to their mothers. (4) I agree that "restricted mother-love" is a selfish thing. I am a Suffragist because I want to help improve the world for "other people's children." But that does not imply that I am fitted, either by capacity or desire, for taking personal charge of a selection of them, as a life-profession. (5) I do not think you can prove that "the vast army of workers to-day are mainly "producers" in the sense in which you described women of old time as being producers. (6) State Endowment or State Insurance—the name does not matter, so long as we secure to each mother who desires it the opportunity to tend her children in decent comfort. (7) The idea of a man being paid as a suppositious father of a family is generally accepted, while women are supposed to have only themselves to support. It is impossible otherwise to account for differences of pay for equal work—for instance, in Government services. (8) You assert that the domestic mother "is unable" to get economic independence. Well, she has not tried yet, and it is certain that she will try in vain if you and the Anti-Suffragists succeed in gaining general acceptance to the idea that the bearing and rearing of children is not work worthy of both efficient training and sufficient remuneration for its performance. There has up to now been a considerable amount of respect—both real and theoretical—for the mother. I say, let us strive for an ideal home-mother (a Free-mother, of course), not for a glorified Government official. (9) May I thank "A. F." for saying so excellently much that I should like to have said? It is difficult to see how you can agree with her and not agree with me. One does not want this most important subject muddled. Perhaps you can point out where our confusion begins? Home Worker. [A partial answer to the above letter is contained in this week's leading article, and, as we have indicated, we intend following this by an article on the payment of mothers by (a) the State, or (b) the father. We strongly oppose the former, except for a limited period at childbirth, and even more strongly oppose the latter. Let fathers be made responsible for the upkeep of their children if the mother desires it, but the mother must be responsible for herself, and take no rebuff in seeking an entrance into the world of paid work to bring about this end. Briefly, to answer a few of the above points:— (1) How is it possible? Nature is too fickle a changeling for even the healthiest to prophesy that their children will be healthy. It seems to us very bitter that the State subsidy should cease, just when the babes fall below the fixed standard of health. If the State were omniscient, something of the sort might be contemplated ; but the mechanical, wooden thing which we call the State— heaven forfend ! (2) Certainly the scheme we sketched was for the wellto-do mothers, who are the greatest sinners. The poorer mothers are settling the matter for themselves. The grandmother or an old neighbour looks after the children for the working mothers. It is not an ideal solution, but it appears the modus operandi of a transition period. The well-to-do mothers might reasonably be expected to plan out a better solution, and it was some such solution as that which we very sketchily outlined which we hope the State will take over in time, and make it the national solution of the economic independence of women, carried into effect through an extension of the educational system. (4) Such an attitude is a purely personal one, and can only be judged by what a given temperament can accept. To us it seems that our correspondent puts herself in the difficult position of having no employer and no market for her energies. She refuses to undertake the care of the children of other people who would be willing to pay her. She does work of a restricted and personal character, for which we do not believe the State as a whole would be prepared to pay. There is nothing left save payment by the husband, a position which we believe will become more and more untenable in exact proportion as avenues open out to enable women to escape from the invidious position. Not so much in this generation, but certainly in the next. (5) Certainly not ; but the only difference is that the work has become more specialised, and whatever the modern worker fails to produce in variety as to kind, he makes up in quantity in the special variety which he produces. So if our correspondent elected to abandon the manifold duties of the home (which, to be done properly, should be done by specialists), and devoted herself to any one of them—cooking, teaching, doctoring, and so on— she would be expected to cover in extent a wider field of activity than the outlet provided by her home in any one would cover—which is our whole point. Extend her "motherdom," and receive salary for work done, over and beyond her own particular province. (7) The "supposition" is a most impudent piece of humbug on the part of the employer. Men's average wages are, we believe, considerably under a pound a week. Such wages are bare subsistence wages for one person. They fail to rise above this level because there are single men who can manage to live on it, who are prepared to do work at this price ; but for a man with a wife and family to live on sixteen and tenpence a week is not to live, it is merely to avoid death. Women, on the other hand, are not paid subsistence wages even, and all because of this lying theory that men are paid enough to keep them. It is surely the business of feminists, among whom our correspondent is to be counted, to strangle a theory which is responsible for the intolerable strain upon men, and for the starvation and degradation of our women. (8) We advocate constantly that the rearing—not the bearing—of children necessitates efficient training, and we are trying to point out the lines upon which the sufficient remuneration will be forthcoming. (9) "A. F." wrote concerning already existent working mothers (there are 46,000 married women out of a total of 100,000 cotton operatives in Lancashire alone), advocating a scheme which could be put into effect promptly and with little expense, and which would of necessity suffer from the evils of haste, only comparative adequacy and a limitation of means. We wrote in "The Drudge" concerning fairly well-to-do women, whose scheme could be developed at leisure, with the best advice and materials, and no undue stint of funds. It was concerning the well-to-do woman's position that "Home Worker" replied. Our answer was, of necessity, different from our answer to "A. F.," because "A. F." and "Home Worker" were writing about two different propositions. —.Ed.] THE PERMANENCY OF WOMEN'S WORK. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I am thoroughly in sympathy with the idea of economic freedom for mothers, and also of choice of occupation, and was therefore greatly interested in your leader, "The Drudge." As regards women securing their independence by work outside the home, the whole crux of the difficulty seems to be contained in the lines, "If women's work has to February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 273 assume the permanent character of that of men, it must be of as permanent a nature," but I do not think your article shows how this can be accomplished satisfactorily. It appears that, to produce a healthy child, much of a woman's energy is used up for some time before and for a considerable period after the birth, and presuming the child is fed by the mother, many months must elapse before she can leave the child to the care of a nurse. Hence, any work of a permanent nature seems impossible, if one allows for the average woman having one or two or even three children. At any rate, an enormous difficulty is presented to the wage-earner in ordinary business life, as at present constituted. After having worked her way to a good position, she would be obliged to resign to give the necessary attention to the young child; then, when she was able to pass the responsibility on to a trained person, she would have lost prestige in the commercial world, and be forced to start over again, with the probability of another resignation becoming necessary in the near future. I am dissatisfied with the present usual arrangements regarding marriage—the thought of financial matters having to play any part at all is repugnant to me ; and it is surely wrong that a woman and her young children should be dependent on the chance fortune of one particular man ! However, I have not discovered any general way to set about altering these conditions. Co-operative housekeeping would relieve the mother of the drudgery of "dirt-removing," and she could then devote her time to the moral and mental training of the family. But she would still remain "wageless," although undertaking great responsibilities. Would State endowment for motherhood be advised? I am anxious to learn, and no doubt other readers of The Freewoman would also be glad of any practical ideas on this vitally important subject. With best wishes for the continued success of your Paper, Florence Graham. February 13th, 1912. [The above is partially answered by reply to "Home Worker," and partially by this week's leader. A further article will appear next week.—Ed.] A MOTHER'S CRITICISM. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I feel that the editorial leader in your issue of February 8th calls for a mother's criticism, and as such I venture to proffer a more human point of view upon the subject. Undoubtedly, in some few cases, the suggested system of "factory breeding" might be of advantage, but I should be reluctant to advocate the separation of mother and babe in general. It is with the birth of the child that the mother's duties begin. By nature she is meant to nurse her own offspring—from this fact there is no escaping—yet this important function does not seem to enter into your calculations. I maintain that no healthy woman—and only such should have children—should shirk this duty, which is not only of benefit to the child, but an aid to her own spiritual development. Taken in the right spirit, one may say she is capable of nourishing the body and soul of her infant. Rather than spoil this most beautiful of all relationships—by going directly against the current of Nature— try to find a means of procuring maintenance for working mothers, for I understand that it is with these that we are concerned principally—the woman that slaves eight, ten, twelve hours daily ! How good it would be for her to slack for a time, and to have the joy of her babe ! M. S. CO-OPERATIVE HOUSEKEEPING. To the Editors of The Freewoman. Your correspondent, "B. Low," may be pleased to learn that a well-thought-out scheme of co-operative housekeeping is already in working order on a small scale (with plenty of room to grow) at the Brent Garden Village, Nether Street, Church End, Finchley, N., where there is a common kitchen, dining-room, sitting-room, etc., for the use of the residents in the houses and flats on the estate. The Society is co-operatively owned and managed, and is registered under the Industrial and Provident Societies Act, 1893. Any of your readers interested in the abolition of household drudgery should write to the Secretary for full particulars. B. W. F. Starling. 15th February, 1912. A RESIDENTIAL CLUB. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I am very glad to see The Freewoman week by week dealing so courageously with the problem of how to emancipate women from the bondage of housework, and set them free to take their places side by side with men in the ordinary business of life. I believe that if something practical can be done on these lines it will be a far more substantial gain than any mere political or legal emancipation, for politics never fails in the long run to reflect the economic and social life of the nation. It will be a great pity, however, if all the discussion which is taking place results in nothing but talk, and I have as yet looked in vain for any definite proposal emanating from it. May I therefore, though a mere man, make a suggestion ? I would like to see formed a mixed residential club, which need not be more expensive than the average cheap boarding-house. It should have a good plain cuisine, and if, as is very desirable, a large non-residential membership could be obtained, there ought to be plenty of public rooms. People with families must be made welcome as residents, and a large, airy room must be available as a nursery. Everything possible should be done to create an esprit de corps, especially among the residents, otherwise the responsibility for running the establishment would devolve upon a very few, perhaps only one, and it would become a mere boarding-house. I think it would be desirable to have the concern registered as a co-operative society. If the idea commends itself to the readers of The Freewoman, and if any of them contemplate putting it into operation, I for one would be very glad indeed to give my support. William H. Seed. February 13th, 1912. A RETORT. To the Editors of The Freewoman. A happily married couple is so rare a spectacle that I feel my thanks are due to The Freewoman for having introduced to me the heretofore unheard-of species. And the "graduates" themselves appear to be no less flabbergasted than we (the readers) at having found themselves out. Indeed, so great is their surprise, that they must needs proclaim from the housetops that, though married, they are still happy. By the way, I wonder how long they have been married? (Pardon my curiosity.) I think it would be as well for "the wife" to study her husband a trifle less; be slightly less overwhelming in her devotion to Him, and devote a little more time to her own life. She may then find, probably, where ignorance goes, there bliss goes also. "Marriage is the great school of continence" ! This statement is, obviously, so utterly absurd that I will not trouble to refute it. I only hope that those of your readers who are married will ponder over this matter quite honestly, talk to their conscience man-to-man fashion, and give you the result of their introspection. It occurs to me that your readers generally, and this correspondent in particular, may not be aware that there is a distinction between the terms lust, licence, prostitution, and free love, and that freewomen are not led by men, nor wish to lead men. Let me assure you—you who are "the wife of the man married and happy"—that we who advocate free relationships between the sexes have no designs whatever upon your particular husband. We do not wish to rob you of him whom you have promised to love, honour, and obey till death. We desire merely to see him a free man, and you a free woman, and your relationship one of staunch friendship, unsullied by obligations and duties, ties and certificates. We want you to become disgusted with the barracklike existence you are leading to-day, to fill your mind with thoughts higher than sex—other than sex—to feel and think and live as you breathe—individually. But if your soul never wanders beyond the kitchen and the plush suite of furniture, then these ideas of freedom and discontent will certainly not meet with your approval ; it is, in fact, not meant that they should. My best wishes for The Freewoman. February 16th, 1912. Rose Witcop. THE IDEALISM OF SEX RELATIONS. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I am glad to find that several of the correspondents whose letters have appeared in the more recent numbers of The Freewoman have taken a higher view of the 274 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 sex question than those expressed by earlier writers to the paper. W. B. Esson's reply to Mr. Upton Sinclair was especially welcome, and I should like to say that if the editors—while giving voice to all shades of opinion— would more definitely declare themselves to be on the side of self-reverence and self-control, they would do a very great service to the increasing number of people who feel that plain speaking on this subject is necessary, and yet shrink from a tolerance which may in any way further the cause of the apostles of licentiousness. It should be remembered that the spiritual includes the material, through which it expresses itself, and that anything seen from the spiritual plane is seen as a complete and perfect whole; whereas the material, apart from the spiritual, is as corrupt as a form from which all life has fled. Viewed by the idealist as the vital principle of Nature and humanity, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life—glimpsed by the sensualist in its physical aspect only, it is perhaps the basest. If The Freewoman would take a more decided line in this matter, I believe that the paper would gain many subscribers. Winifred Rose Carey. URANIANS. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I have been reading The Freewoman from the start, and I may say that my principal reason for doing so was the sympathetic way in which the Uranian question was treated. May I be permitted to say a few words on the subject ? I belong to that class myself ; although appearing superficially as a man, I am very much mixed physically, so much so that I know from experience, though it developed comparatively late in life, a thing which no man knows. I suppose that, combining physical and psychical characteristics, I am about 80 F + 20 M. Now I know myself fairly well, and naturally my powers of observation are keen in this direction, and the results of my observation are totally at variance with the disgusting generalisations of Dr. Whitby. I do not know whether that gentleman is under the impression that every woman is a potential prostitute. It would seem that he is, as he denies to the whole luckless Uranian class, where the male is only apparently and not actually dominant, the virtues of chastity and modesty. Now my experience of those who are as I am, and I can generally tell them, is that they are remarkable for both those characteristics. But as to myself, whom I know best, I can say this. Needless to say, the desire to mate with a woman has no meaning for me at all. But as to anything else, the mere idea of it no more occurs to me than it would to a convent-trained girl, and anything coarse or foul, in conversation or otherwise, revolts me beyond measure. Now it is useless to blink facts. In all our instincts and feelings we are women, in spite of our outward appearance. Why, because Providence has laid this cross on us, should we, one and all, be supposed to lack chastity, the one characteristic which, speaking generally, so sharply divides women from men? Women, as a sex, are chaste; men are not, though, of course, there are, as all know, numberless exceptions. I may say, too, that, as a rule, the more truly feminine we are, the less we care to parade the fact to the world at large, although, as is natural enough, we dislike making ourselves the exact counterparts of every man living. We may do it, but we feel that it is inappropriate, and we have the natural female preference for some individuality of our own, the mere idea of which seems to terrify the ordinary man. Speaking for myself, and I do not suppose I am in any way singular, I reserve my womanliness for a few friends, who know me as I am, and I do not find that my being a Uranian, a woman masquerading as a man, disgusts or repels them in any way. On the contrary, they seem rather to like the real, though hidden personality, as far as I can judge. To the rest of the world I am a reserved, passionless man, with whom it is absolutely useless for a woman to try to flirt, with little or nothing to suggest the true self concealed under the outer envelope. Scython. ® ®&gt; ® IMPERIAL NATURALISATION AND LOSS OF NATIONALITY BY MARRIAGE. To the Editors of The Freewoman. The news which appeared in the press a few days ago that the draft of the new Imperial Naturalisation Bill had been sent to the Premiers of the Overseas Dominions for their consideration, has not called forth much comment beyond the general one that, as conditions for naturalisation in different parts of the Empire at present differ considerably, it will be a work of no mean difficulty to arrive at a compromise acceptable to all. But a point which affects women very closely has not as yet called forth any remark. At present, in Great Britain and all her dominions except those at the Antipodes, a woman at marriage takes the nationality of her husband. She has henceforth no nationality of her own. Australian and New Zealand women preserve their nationality independent of marriage so long as they remain at home, but they lose it directly they transfer their residence to another part of the Empire. The Australian and New Zealand Women Voters' Committee (London), who have been watching the proposed new measure from its inception at the Imperial Conference of last year, have pointed out in the Australian press that the position of British women married to foreigners must be carefully reconsidered. Last June the Premiers of Australia and New Zealand gave the assurance in London that the rights already possessed by the women of those countries shall be secured to them under the new Act. But it is high time the disability should be removed in the case of all British women. Even an opponent of Woman Suffrage can hardly defend the present antiquated law. Meanwhile, it is the duty of every enfranchised British women to work actively for its abolition. Hon. Secretary, Australian and New Zealand Voters' Committee. London. THE AETHNIC UNION. To the Editors of The Freewoman. I do not quarrel with you for saying in "Topics of the Week" that the members of the Aëthnic Union endeavour to eliminate the ideas of sex "because it suits their temperaments to do so." Will you please, however, very kindly let me make it clear to your readers that I used no such phrase myself? Your Correspondent. February 15th, 1912. [We have looked up in last week's Topics the passage referred to, and we do not think that the phrase, "because it suits their temperaments so to do," could reasonably be mistaken for a quotation.—Ed.] THE "LADY" COMBINED KNIFE and SCISSORS SHARPENER Regd. 542,986. FOR EVERY HOME. Sharpens Carving and other Knives and Scissors. Simple to use. Will last a Lifetime. Price 6 1/2 d. INSTRUCTIONS. Rest the Sharpener on the edge of the table, place Knife alternatively in each end slot, and draw towards you, using slight downwards pressure. For Scissors use the central slot. Scissors require slightly more pressure. Sharpen each blade in turn. THE SHARPENING WHEEL IS MADE OF THE FINEST HARDENED SHEFFIELD STEEL. The "Lady" Sharpener soon saves its cost, ASK YOUR IRONMONGER FOR IT. THE NATIONAL VENDORS' SYNDICATE, 55, CHANCERY LANE, LONDON, W.C. February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 275 Our Prison System. THE case of Mr. Ball, the Suffragist, must have come as a surprise to persons who are given to believing that prison life is being reduced, surely if slowly, to a humane system of detention. The optimism that is ever ready to defend authorised iniquity has led us to believe that huge improvements were witnessed in our prison system from the time of Godwin to that of Dickens, and between the age of Dickens and the present time. If this was true, we should shudder to think what it must have been like when Godwin wrote his "Caleb Williams." That work must have been a very poor indictment indeed. It happens, however, that optimistic sentimentalism is not only wrong, but hypocritically so. Instead of our prison system improving, it is rapidly becoming worse. To-day, the Prison Commissioners place a premium on despotism and secrecy —which is the last refuge of despotism—that Englishmen would not have tolerated a century back. Yet at that time political corruption was as rife as it is now. Perhaps it was more rife, for its agents were more notorious. I am taking advantage of the Ball case, therefore, to call attention to this curious evolution of our prison system, especially as regards political offences, because I am convinced that direct action and public opinion will destroy this despotism, as it can destroy every other despotism. And the secrecy of the Prison Commissioners, the impudence of prison governors, warders, and wardresses, and their craven attendants, has to go. The State will never destroy them. The people can. In November, 1910, Mr. Hugh Franklin was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment in the second division for deliberately and intentionally assaulting Mr. Churchill. A month later, Mr. McDougall was convicted of an unpremeditated and, consequently, unintentional, assault on Mr. Lloyd George. McDougall was only eighteen, and Lloyd George received no injury whatever. It was thought, consequently, that McDougall would receive a light sentence. Instead of this he was sent to hard labour for two months. The difference between the two cases was this : Franklin was a relative of a Cabinet Minister, whereas McDougall was only a poor lad. Mr. William Ball was a friend of McDougall, and, regarding the divergences of sentence as a political and social outrage, he very rightly broke a window as a protest against the sentence. He was sentenced to two months' hard labour as a result. Ball insisted that his offence was a political one, as it unquestionably was. No heed was given to his protest, however, and he accordingly went on the hunger strike. Just imagine what now happened ! Just think over the cant and hypocrisy of present-day civilisation! Christmas Day is supposed to be Christ's birthday. In reality it is nothing of the kind. It is merely a day that signifies the Pagan corruption of the Christian Church and the perpetuation of Pagan Solarism in the terms of Christian unbelief. However, custom and pre-Christian folklore have associated all sorts of sentimental traditions with this day, although such traditions have little effect on the realities of human sufferings. In prison, our social unfortunates are marched to church, amidst the shouting and curses of warders and wardresses, who represent the most vulgar, sordid, and despicable if pathetic offshoots of our miserable civilisation. Cravens before those placed above them by authority, but not merit! Petty tyrants over those unfortunates delivered into their hands by economic causes and legal hypocrisy! Yet afraid of the individual whose rebel soul is the one noble thing that blossoms, proud and defiant, in the atmosphere of the prison hell ! And, such curs are these agents of our system, ever willing to silence the friends of the miserable victims of judges' spleen ! What instances one could give if only space permitted ! To return. The church service is a ludicrous piece of blasphemy, to which, during my incarceration at Brixton, I declined to go. Previous to this, whilst on remand, and before my trial was forthcoming, I did attend the church service once or twice ; and as a result of this experience I say that this service is a ludicrous piece of blasphemy. Warders, with solemn faces and in bullying attitudes, bid prisoners, whose souls the social system has corrupted and the prison system quite destroyed, follow the hireling fool-knave of a chaplain with attention when he is dilating on the sufferings of Christ and the joys of God ! Let any prisoner but possess spiritual understanding, let him but boast a soul that revolts against the knavery of the system that has gagged him, and his spirit will be consumed with rage, until he will want to tear the heart out of some hideous-garbed warder near him, strangle the life out of the soul-assassin who is preaching up platitudes, and stand erect with hand uplifted over the miserable form of the craven prison governor, who acts as sidesman and reads the lessons! It was on Christmas Day, 1911, then, when this piece of cant had ended, and the Christmas tracts and usual fare had been distributed—for they hand round tracts, but give no different food to prisoners at this "joyful" season—that Mr. Ball was submitted to forcible feeding. For five and a half weeks this treatment was continued, and although Mr. Ball was strong enough physically to remain alive under this disgusting treatment, his mentality weakened, and he was driven insane. I hope persons who live in Pentonville district will take his case to heart, and I hope the dastardly warders and their superiors who participated in this outrage will be boycotted and publicly hissed. I trust that friends, or at least the acquaintances of the wives of these men, will let them see how disgraceful a thing it is to be the underpaid housekeeper of a craven agent of our prison despotism. The boycott could be applied in the neighbourhood of other prisons as well with advantage. Mr. Ball complained, and complains, of electricity and noises in his head. Driven mad by hirelings, under a system of barbarous torture and secret despotism, he was removed to a lunatic asylum as a pauper lunatic, without his wife being consulted in the matter. To some extent this iniquity has been righted ; but that such a barbarous procedure was possible serves as some index to the sufferings that must fall to the lot of a friendless prisoner. Now it is pretended, in defence of the prison system, that all this is essential to discipline, and discipline is necessary to reform. I submit that this is but the red-tape way of spelling slavery and that, under all circumstances, slavery breeds vice, and not virtue. And discipline, as a trade job, trampling on every human principle for a hireling wage, is productive of so much evil that it adopts secrecy because it fears a public exposure of its corruption ; and the only way with despotism is to fight and expose it, never to plead with it. Crime is an economic question. So is the prison despotism that affects to cure it. And it is so in more ways than one. Every warder is open to corruption and the Home Office toadies to rank. In 276 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 the autumn of 1909, that reactionary son of the hypocritical G.O.M., Home Secretary Gladstone, sanctioned the process of forcible feeding. I am proud to have stood in the dock about this time and to have been found guilty of sedition by a jury of nondescript shopkeepers, partly for ridiculing Gladstone's willingness bombastically to settle everything by saying he took full responsibility. When a man wars against the ashes of Dhingra as this mediocrity did, his "responsibility" tends to become a public scandal. Apparently the Government thought so, and transferred him to Africa accordingly. However, this worthy politician inaugurated forcible feeding, and the first victim was Mrs. Mary Leigh. She was pinioned by having her arms and legs held down, and her head was forced backwards. An indiarubber tube was then inserted through the nose or mouth, and pushed down the throat. At the end of the tube was a cup, through which liquid was poured. Perhaps the chaplain was looking on, in case he was required to read the burial service. That would be in accord with his duties. It was subsequently established by the testimony of leading medical men that, in the case of sane, conscious, and unwilling patients, this feeding by force does not nourish the victim. It is consequently not only futile, but brutal and dangerous, being an attempt to undermine the strength of a starved stomach. Describing the process, Mrs. Leigh said:— "The sensation is most painful. The drums of the ears seem to be bursting. There is a horrible pain in the throat and breast, with noises in the head. It made my eyes gush out with water, and I was horribly sick. The after-effects are a feeling of faintness, a sense of extreme pain in the breast bones, and a noise in the ears." Under a system where despotism did not pry into the communication of every prisoner, and punish with barbarities the slave who "splits," such hideous torture could not continue a day. As it is, Mrs. Leigh was forcibly fed for a month. At the end of this time the authorities were obliged to release her suddenly, for fear of killing her. As I have said, such treatment is essentially an economic question. At Newcastle, rather than forcibly feed Lady Constance Lytton, the authorities discharged her on medical evidence, stating that she suffered from a weak heart. To her lasting credit, let it be recalled how Lady Constance exposed this hypocrisy. Disguising herself as Jane Wharton, a factory girl, she again went to gaol— and was forcibly fed. Only when, after seven days, her identity was discovered did the medical officer unearth her weak heart. Of course, Gladstone gladly took responsibility ! Such is Liberal hypocrisy ! In all, twenty-nine women were submitted to this degrading treatment. Then the authorities succumbed somewhat to the public scandal. Under Churchill, a new set of rules were adopted for prisoners of the second division, which removed the criminal marks and practically admitted the right of the Suffragists to be treated as political prisoners. In my "Life of Richard Carlile" I have shown how reaction prevailed, and the most atrocious sen- WE ARE TRYING TO HELP THE FEMINIST MOVEMENT. Help us by buying all your Books at the INTERNATIONAL SUFFRAGE SHOP 15, Adam Street, Strand. fences were meted out to mild political and religious reformers during Carlile's early manhood. I have then shown how, in 1817, Carlile threw himself into the fight with energy and determination ; and I have quoted his fearless remarks in the Republican and the Deist, which he edited from gaol. Whether incarcerated for sedition or blasphemy (and Carlile went there for both), he wrote as he liked from gaol, exposed the prison system, conducted and published correspondence with the Home Officer, and denounced the prostitution of the Royal Court. Yet Carlile was feared more than any man is feared to-day. Attempts were made on his life, and he thwarted them by publicity. And the administration was the disgraceful Castlereagh one, with all its borough-mongering and corruption. In every modern prosecution for sedition, the Crown Attorney will repeat, parrot-fashion, "an accepted definition of sedition," which the Court will readily take for granted, notwithstanding its incoherence. As a matter of fact, this piece of rhetorical nonsense was placed on the Statute Book in 1819, and was part of the infamous Libel Bill which was then rushed into law, with other despotic measures. Although this definition is quoted by the Bodkins of our time with a solemn earnestness that is positively funny to any prisoner possessed of a grain of humour, it was recognised by the very men who rushed it into law, to be contradictory and absurd. However, borough-mongering Houses of Parliament made the thing law, and law it has since remained. The substance of some of the speeches made during the passage of these despotic measures through the two Houses shows that they were aimed at Richard Carlile, before whose defiance the Governmental despotism quailed—e.g.:— House of Lords. Earl Bathurst wanted a man to be liable to sentences of transportation, outlawry, and banishment for sedition. That fines and imprisonment were not sufficient to deter men from a repetition of such offences was proven by the fact of Carlile, after he had been charged, repeating his offence up to the very time a verdict had been secured against him.—Dec. 9. The Earl of Carnarvon stated that it appeared from the informations on the table that there had been no prosecutions of libels in 1818, and only Carlile's in 1819. —Dec. 10. The Duke of Wellington shared Earl Bathurst's views. The existing laws were not strong enough to cope with a man like Carlile, who had continued the sale of his libel after conviction, and had also published it in another form before sentence was passed upon him.— Ibid. Lord Holland thought that the noble duke should have gone one step further, and have shown that the court was unable to punish such an offender. Nothing else remained for their lordships except to apply the penalty of death.—Ibid. House of Commons. The Solicitor-General declared that the House had to judge of the character of the Peterloo meeting by its leaders. There was Carlile, who, in his Republican, was continually saying things as strong as that "we had a mock king and a mock Parliament—it was time to take up arms and play the man."—Nov. 24. The Attorney-General wished to suppress indoor discussions such as those that had been proposed to be debated at Hopkins's Chapel, Soho, viz.:— (1) "Which of the three professions has the greatest tendency to harden the human heart—the hangman, the gravedigger, or the parson?" (2) "Whether Lord Chief Justice Abbott's refusal to allow Mr. Carlile to read the Bible in the course of his defence arose out of a real respect for the sacred writings, or from the fear that their supposed absurdity and folly might be exposed thereby?"_ Dec. 8. To this, one must add the fact that Christianity was deemed part of the common law of England by Carlile's judges, who treated him in the most disgraceful fashion on his trial, and gave orders February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 277 whereby his shop was raided and his goods and money stolen. His convictions were hailed also by the Times—in clerically written editorials—with something like glee, and in a most impudent piece of editorial intolerance, published in this journal for October 16th, 1819, Carlile is held up to censure as a monster as rare as "a dwarf of thirty inches high or a bull with two heads." Anxious as the boroughmongers were to suppress him, and much as they scorned him for being a tinker, they never descended to the depths of Russian treatment ; they at least believed that, if he was willing to give up his liberty, and his friends beyond the gaol were ready to risk theirs, he was entitled to that amount of opportunity of securing expression for his genius of revolt. Since Carlile's time our prison system has been "reformed." It was being reformed at the time of Carlile's death. Just before that event, Carlile had sat by Holyoake's side at the Gloucester Assizes, and heard the latter sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Holyoake was treated as a felon, and not allowed to edit a paper from gaol, or write and receive letters, or secure visits, as Carlile had been. He showed some defiance, however, and was allowed to wear his own clothes. Forty years later, Foote was sentenced for blasphemy and deprived of even Holyoake's privileges. He wore prison clothes, and was treated as a felon. Here it has to be remembered that Holyoake and Foote were indicted under the same laws as Carlile had been indicted under, sentenced under more "Liberal" régimes, and feared less by the powers that be. Neither of them possessed the revolutionary abandon of Carlile. It must also be borne in mind that, on Mr. Foote's second trial resulting in an acquittal, the principle, so long maintained, that Christianity was part and parcel of the Common Law, was repudiated by Lord Coleridge in a summing up that was a legal precedent. Coming down to the Stewart-Gott trial of last year at Leeds, we find Mr. Justice Horridge excusing even vulgar attacks on Christianity, yet still sentencing Gott and Nikola to "third division." Here, then, is the situation : The Statute Law remains what it was in Carlile's time ; the Common Law superstition, under which Carlile was most abused, has been abandoned by the Judicial Bench ; public opinion is more tolerant ; yet the treatment is worse. I offer one reason for this anomaly. English people have lost the fire and love of liberty Carlile and his brave shopmen and women possessed. The death of Carlile synchronised with the commencement of the reformed, constitutional, post-borough-mongering statesmanship, and, trusting to constitutionalism rather than to defiance, the English people have learnt to submit to a prison despotism Carlile and Leigh and Henry Hunt would never have tolerated. I pass to one other point, the question of "political" or "first-class misdemeanant" treatment. In this connection I am not referring to the abnormal and specially privileged treatment meted out to Dr. Jameson and his irresponsible band of jingoes, but to the treatment meted out to a political prisoner like myself. I promise, if ever I go to gaol again, to fight several of these points through. But I have this to say now : Correspondence is not allowed as it was to Carlile ; letters are opened and read and pried into by minor prison officials ; and although the regulations allow for the editing of papers from gaol in the first division, every effort would be made by the conservative prison hirelings to render it impossible for a rebel writer like myself to edit his paper from gaol. Yet a rebel journalist lives by his pen as much as his hack brother. We have progressed, then! Borough-mongering days are behind. We have "reformed" prisons, and "Liberal" administrations, and secret ballot. We know genius has suffered imprisonment, and we extol the work Bunyan wrote in his dungeon. Yet we have substituted the power of a prisoner to expose the daily horrors of the prison-house with a secret despotism that corrupts and lies and bullies. We surrender the rights that were jealously maintained a century back in face of quite as corrupt and powerful an administration, and reduce them to the "special concessions" of prison governors and Commissioners and irresponsible Home Secretaries. The whole thing is a grave public scandal that can be remedied only by direct action on the part of prisoners themselves, and revolt on that of the workers outside. Guy A. Aldred. Beauty and Progress. TOWARDS A PRINCIPLE FOR A NEW SOCIAL SCIENCE IN ART. IF we shall agree that Earth's more cultured creatures depend on Beauty for the mere consciousness of their most exalted qualities, which they may realise only with her sanction, we must respect also their claim that she is the noblest offspring of Nature, worthy to be sought for herself alone, even as the most elusive divinity. And perhaps the light of this truth will aid us to apprehend that where Beauty is discovered in her highest form, conditions most kindly disposed to progress shall be found. Herein, then, is the essence of our principle, whose sufficiency to interpret social progress will not be denied when it is seen how much broader is its foundation than that whereon the Science of Society now rests. Nature, so often vaguely imaged as that far-away first impulse from which all things are sprung, is more amply conceived as the final unity wherein creation shall be merged. But in this finality we see Perfection, a thing of such frequent near relation to Beauty that it is become an efficient synonym for that term, at all times potent to evoke in us sensations similar to those which the sublime quality itself inspires. And by thus conceiving Beauty as an emblem (out of due season, we may not presume to say) of that ultimate Perfection whereto Nature is constantly aspiring, we are schooled to perceive how a rigid attention to her highest phases, and, so far as they may be traced, the causes which produced them, will enable us elsewhere to induce those same conditions, and so aid the Great Mistress in the making of all things lovely. But, in common with all neologies, this last criterion of progress will permit of no com"A moralist of overwhelmingforce "—Mr. J. L. Garvin (in the Observer). Three Plays by BRIEUX With a Preface of 45 Pages by BERNARD SHAW and an Autographed Photogravure Portrait of BRIEUX. The Volume contains : MATERNITY, THE THREE DAUGHTERS OF M. DUPONT, DAMAGED GOODS, and a new version of MATERNITY. 5s. net. Inland postage 4d. Mr. R. A. Scott James (in the Daily New) says "To shirk Brleux is to shirk vitally important facts In modern life." Mr. W. L. Courtney (in the Daily Telegraph) says : "They are certainly not meat for babes, but then there is no reason why they should be." The English Review Bays : "Every young man should be made to read 'Damaged Goods,' and every mother 'Maternity.'" London: A. C. FIFIELD, 13, Clifford's Inn, E.C. 278 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 promise with old standards, whose prophet must pass with their passing, because he lacks, for the most part, the gift of aesthetic discernment wherewith an adept in this New Cult will urge his claim to a place in its Hierarchy. The genius to perceive that typic Beauty is the culmination of all that in human thought and aspiration is worthy to persist made of Da Vinci the profound mystic he was, and enabled him to express, in a world-picture so magnificent as the lost "Mona Lisa," the innate nobility of that most wondrous age. This sense of rhythm, of the mystic correspondence of all realities, impelled him to secure, also, from where they lay rotting in the mire of misapprehension, the frayed remains of the true Christian teaching, and with them to weave and for all time fix the type of the Christ Himself, a type which brings an appeal so forcible, so instant, to our "imaginative reason" that we cannot doubt for one moment the verisimilitude of the portraiture. Leonardo's Christ is the true Messiah, not of the Gospels, but of Saint Francis of Assisi, of Tolstoi, and of the Wilde of De Profundis. It will be remembered how Walter Pater sets Flavian pondering the incidence of poetic epochs, with the melancholy foreboding that the period whereon his own talents were fallen would not appear, in retrospect, as of the highest among them. This was the prescience of approaching death, for the young Flavian, had he lived, would have been in advance of his time ; and the tendency to precede, in thought even, the epoch of which he himself was so essentially a product, gave birth to the conviction, to be confirmed thereafter, that he was possessed of genius in excess of the time's requirements. Or, more truly, he was aware of a Fate impending that would not delay to strike so soon as a discrepancy appeared. It is sound warranty for the high quality of rhythm in the art of Pater himself, that, having seen Flavian thus pondering, we are able to predict on the instant, as a thing inevitable, his all too early end. But it is the naïve consistency of Life, the entire absence of chance, that is so amazing and of such comfort to the Mystic, who, while appreciating Pope's cry of "All that is, is right," will add, on his own impulse, remembering the demands of rhythm, "But all that remains unchanged till then will, as surely, be wrong to-morrow—nay, even a moment hence." Or, with Browning, so long as his Deity be more dynamic than would appear from that Poet, he may proclaim : "God's in His heaven ; all's right with the World." Though for this, of course, as one who would seem to wait upon Destiny, he shall be named "reactionary," since among his critics will be found a few at least (one may be forgiven for supposing) to whom he will be "difficult" and "obscure." But if he shall assert that the lengthening of Flavian's life, by so much as a moment, the brain of a Machiavelli, the madness of a Nietzsche, the martyrdom of a Maria Spiridonova, the dramas of a Hauptmann, the Life of the Bees, the cobwebs so common to the critical mind, the tides in their seasons, the spindrift on the strand, or the vagaries of a climate so consistently out of season—if he shall affirm that the smallest of these is as needful to the Scheme of Things as the force of gravitation to the Solar System, or the postulate of threedimensional space to the intellect—if, with the assurance whose sanction is in that self-sincerity whereon Flavian raised the whole fabric of his Euphuism, he shall aver that the failure of the least of them would suffice to bring down the Roof of the World upon us, then will they, the critics, in their blind-eyed arrogance, fill a final sponge for him with the gall of idiocy which (they think) is the last insult to the intellect, and cry : "Behold ! here is one who has said, by the liberal implication we love so well, 'Credo quia absurdum est!'" Precisely! Only, to whom absurd ? To him that has striven to express his vision, or to him of "muddy brain," who says there can be no vision, because himself has not discerned—what he is precluded from seeing by his own so limited perception ? Let this one question himself ; let him say : "If, as may be proven, many of the things which I had thought realities are only illusions, is it not possible, nay, certain, that some few, at least, of the things I have called illusions may exist in very fact?" Because there are certain exigencies of thought which unfold by antithesis to a more successful issue, I have dwelt upon what is a typical attitude of criticism, hoping that the more salient principles of Mysticism might appear in the process, and so help us to see how Beauty may be conceived as the soundest criterion of progress. For, as I have said elsewhere, an age may be barren of all type, but the equation between an epoch and its expression must of necessity be solved, so that we may, at least, take hold upon what appears noblest, because most beautiful, in our own times, and, by a minute observance of causality, strive so to foster and diffuse the conditions whereunder it has thriven, until, at length, that special measure of goodness shall have been universally achieved, at which time we shall be conscious of a keener vision for the perception of ideals still nobler, and of a new will to attain. Meantime, let the Poet guide us, for he stands poised on highest Parnasse ; while, that we may have light, the Artist steeps his Soul in the dark waters of Lethe, and is content. Selwyn Weston. The Aëthnic Union. UNDER this name there has grown up a young organisation, which those who are interested in it believe corresponds to a real necessity of modern life. It has nothing to say about sex in itself. But it recognises that upon the fact of sex there has been built up a gigantic superstructure of artificial convention which urgently needs to be swept away. And it does not see how it is to be swept away unless sex is resolutely ignored. The bands of custom are so interwoven with it that they cannot otherwise be broken. The admission of the idea of sex inevitably carries with it a whole flood of associations which rivet on the soul the fetters of a warped ideal. It submerges the mind in a wave of that autocratic sternness which one has been taught is the ideal of the masculine, or of that narrow triviality which one is (less successfully) taught to consider the mark of the feminine. In a word, it degrades the soul. Incidentally, it creates an iron barrier between individuals. The one essential thing that any human being can do for the world is to approach as near perfection as possible. All lesser benefits to the world are summed up m that. The outward benefits which a heroic spirit showers on mankind are only the imperfect and clouded expression of itself. An evil nature cannot give good gifts. It can at best be the channel of them. And that is why the members of the Union resent and repel the attempt of Convention, speaking sometimes in the name of virtue and sometimes in the name of vice, to force conventional defects upon their nature by thrusting upon them the idea of these two castes, each with its inveterate faults. They have had enough of Tristan and Isolde, of February 22, 1912 THE FREEWOMAN 279 Fairy Prince and Princess, of Pelleas and Melisande, of Hero and Leander. They will not be content with less than liberty to follow an ideal which shall have all the openness of Tristan with all the sweetness of Isolde. It shall fuse all that is best of Prince and Princess. It shall irradiate Hero with the freedom of her lover. Their ideal will be Penthesilea, Sappho, Pallas Athene. Strange, and full of meaning, that the Greek should have no specific word for sex! There are genos, phyle, ethnos—but genos is also, and offener, a "kind"; phyle is also, and offener, a "tribe"; ethnos is also, and offener, a "race." From the last term the Aëthnic Union takes its, perhaps barbarous, name. It hopes to accomplish at least this purpose. A fire is lighted in our midst—innocent, let us grant. But on it are piled deadly branches and evil incense, which are spreading a poisonous miasma throughout the land. The Aëthnic Union is not hopeful of clearing the air by pulling out a few embers. Clearly and definitely, it aims at extinguishing the fire. That is, it will not recognise the differentiation which warps its ideal. As things are, that insistent differentiation drags in its weary trail at every turn. In the dress they wear, in the games they play, in the occupations they follow, in their very food and drink, it is constantly borne in upon people that they must assimilate themselves to one or the other imperfect type. They are never permitted to be themselves. They are forced to strangle their own free development. From that soul-murder the Union would liberate them. The Union is not disturbed as to "what will become of the world." It is of opinion that the world will go on for many generations yet. It holds that the work of upholding an unbroken ideal for the race is for those who have glimpsed that ideal, infinitely more urgent than any other. It will be enough for the future to consider its own problems. A sufficient succession of people ready to be transfigured by the idea of a soul undwarfed by sex, is plainly secured by the fact that we ourselves exist on the stage of the world and have thankfully received it. It may be the specific work of Aëthnic spirits to polish the jewels which are produced in another matrix. It would be a pedant who should assign to all beings the same function, or who should assert that the phenomena of heredity are exempt from the laws of evolution. Is there not a thrill, an ecstasy, an intoxication of delight, in the realisation that you are devoted, beyond recall, to the brilliance of Eternal and Absolute Splendour, free from the arbitrary and not too clean fetters which were perhaps ornaments, or armour, in a long-past age ? T. BATY. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint ; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations ; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed: these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the "change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful Information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Ailinson, 331, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. AN APPEAL. WITH this issue The Freewoman will have completed the first three months of its existence. The record and prospects of the paper have just been carefully gone into, and the proprietors of the paper, Messrs. Stephen Swift &amp; Co., in view of the living interest which the paper has aroused amongst thinking men and women, have decided that the existence of The Freewoman shall be continued. This continued existence, however, constitutes a very considerable financial loss each week. This, perhaps, is what might be expected in the early life of any journal of serious import, but the editors feel that in view of the remarkable interest which has been shown, there is no real justification for the weekly loss continuing. In view of the financial support accorded us by our publishers, a support but rarely extended to philosophic journals of a revolutionary nature ; in view of the contributions so readily given for the sake of their message ; and in view of the energy which has been unflagging on the editorial side, we feel we are justified in making a very special appeal to the fourth party concerned in the paper, i.e., the general reader of The Freewoman. We ask that every existing reader should get at least two new subscribers, and so break the strain which at present weighs upon our financial resources. We ask for this individual effort because it is not possible, even were the means to hand, to adopt conventional methods of advertisement, as The Freewoman can never find its readers among the general public. We feel that the only feasible method is to rely upon individual recommendation of the merit of the paper. As we have complaints daily from readers regarding the difficulty of getting the paper regularly and promptly, we beg that those who have difficulty in securing the paper will become direct subscribers from the publishing office. Those to whom it is not possible to become subscribers, we ask to become more persistent in their demands upon the bookstall and newsagents. SUBSCRIPTION FORMS. Subscription Forms and Contents Bills for display will be forwarded with much pleasure to any reader who is able to help in this manner. Such help will be very greatly appreciated. "FREEWOMAN" CLUBS. It has been pointed out to us by friendly critics that the freewoman contains each week matter so highly debatable, and of such serious human import, that it is difficult to digest all that it contains, and to find one's bearings, in view of the many articles which express opposing points of view. It has been suggested, therefore, that freewoman clubs, or informal gatherings of men and women, should be started for discussions, of which the weekly freewoman would form the basis. Of this suggestion, coming from several readers, we highly approve, and pass it on to other readers for their consideration. Editorial address : 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. 280 THE FREEWOMAN February 22, 1912 The Compelling Books of our Generation THE ROLL OF THE SEASONS By G. G. Desmond Crown 8vo, 5s. net. 'A writer on Nature who can fill so many pages as are in Mr. G. G. Desmond's stoutly packed book without ever repeating himself, and without saying anything unworthy of print, is in himself almost a literary portent. Mr. Desmond is a most fascinating essayist, skilled alike in literary grace and in scientific knowledge."—Morning Leader. " Enchanting."—Aberdeen Free Press. "Well written and attractive. . . . Their appeal is wide, and they will tell many a wayfarer how to use his eyes." —Sheffield Daily Telegraph. "Show an enthusiasm for nature which is highly infectious." —Evening Standard. THE MASTERY OF LIFE By G. T. Wrench Demy 8vo, cloth, 15s. net. "Extremely clever and stimulating book."—Glasgow Herald. "A book of unusual learning. . . Dr. Wrench has vast learning ; but he has something even better than learning. He has imagination, ideas, courage, and a large constructive mind. The book is an indictment of modern life, it is brimful of ideas, bracing and masterful ; the volume is valuable, for it communicates something of its energy and vigour to the reader." —Publishers' Circular. "The reader cannot but find much excellent food for thought in these wellinformed dissertations and Illuminating speculations."—Scotsman. "THE UNCLE TOM'S CABIN of the White Slave Traffic, and is likely, we believe, and hope, to do all that Mrs. Beecher Stowe'e famous work accomplished for the black."—Liverpool Post. DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. Price 6s. (Third Large Edition in the Press.) With a Preface by JOHN MASEFIELD "The kind of book that moves one to action, and may prove, like one or two famous novels before it, to be the inspiration of a great crusade." —Morning Post. "A vivid, ruthless, and relentless account of the white slave traffic ; . . . is not a nasty book. . . . There is much that is horrible—horrible because we know it to be only too true. ... A book which, though in many ways ghastly, is nevertheless of such immense importance that every grown man and woman should read it. It is terrible from beginning to end, but above all the horror there is something which makes you feel cleaner, better, more pitiful for a side of life which seldom incites pity. . . . One of the most terrible stories I have ever read."—Richard King in The Tatler. "Appalling. . . . Mr. Kauffman faces the horrible facts with relentless candour. The work is inspired by a passion for moral and social cleanliness." —Liverpool Courier. " That he is telling the truth, the simplicity and candid honesty of his telling forces us to believe. . . . An earnest and humanely balanced piece of truth-telling."—Manchester Guardian. "A relentless and terrible exposure of what has been oalled 'the white slave traffic.' ... It is both painful and powerful, and of its sincere purpose there can be no question. Hr. Kauffman's handling GIVES NO UNNECESSARY OFFENCE."— Times. "The motto adopted by Stephen Swift ft Co. is certainly being lived up to; their books really do 'compel,'and are obviously carefully chosen. Their list contains books which many publishers would not have had the courage to publish — unconventional, daring, outspoken and fearless. They are among books what the Little Theatre plays are among the dead husks produced at popular theatres."—Academy. Original and full of force, this novel, containing as it does those elements of bigness so rare in these days, is a refreshing change to the ordinary run of fiction. THE WOMAN WITHOUT SIN By Pharall Smith. 6s. With a pen which is as powerful as it is restrained, the writer attacks convention and upholds his own ideas of freedom between the sexes. "Very much above the average. . . . Reveals its author as a writer with exceptional gifts of narration and a power of strong dramatic composition. It is well worth reading."—Liverpool Post. THE REYOKE OF JEAN RAYMOND By May Ford. 6s. "We strongly recommend this book to those interested in modern movements, social, political, or religious." —Yorks. Factory Times. "reminds the reader of 'elizabeth and her GERMAN garden.'"—Spectator. IN A GERMAN PENSION (First Edition, December, 1911. Second Edition, January, now ready.) By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Price 6s. "Uncommonly bold and artistic."— Vanity Fair. "Original and very forcible in style. . . . A masterly piece of work."—World. "Vivid and often brilliant sketches of life. . . . Extremely well written and in a sense so true that anyone acquainted with German life will keenly appreciate them. We have seldom read more vivid sketches with so great an economy of words."— Morning Post. "STARTLINGLY REALISTIC." —Daily Telegraph. THE PASSING OF THE AMERICAN By Munroe Royce Crown 8vo, 3s. 6d. net. "His remarkable book is a sensational exposure of the disease which is threatening the supremacy of the Anglo-Saxon and Teutonic races in the United States."—Birmingham Daily Post. "Frank and incisive criticism."—Aberdeen Free Press. the ENGLISHMAN IN NEW YORK By Juvenal Crown 8vo. 5s. net. "Attacks New York and New Yorkers in the most terrific way "—Christian Age "His masterly deductions have surpassed all other writers who have written on the same subject."— Weekly Times. "Keen observation and well-judged criticism. ... Is as breezy a volume as we have seen for some time." Sheffield Daily Telegraph. THE BOSBURY PEOPLE By Arthur Ransom. 6s. LOVE IN MANITOBA By A. Wharton Gill. 6s. SOME ASPECTS OF THACKERAY1 By Lewis Melville Fully Illustrated, 12s. 6d. net. LA VIE ET LES HOMMES By Francis Grierson. 3s. 6d. net. Send a Postcard for "BOOKS THAT COMPEL," post free from STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO., LTD., 10, JOHN ST., ADELPHI, LONDON, W.C. Printed by Hazell, Watson &amp; VINEY, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London E.C. ; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 10. John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C.