The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 20-No. 4 AUGUST, 1920 Whole No. 118 ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY Why a Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. in Your Community Ten years ago the N. A. A. C. P. was in its infancy. To-day it is a powerful, aggressive and militant working force for full citizenship rights for the American Negro. But, a chain is no stronger than its weakest link. The strength of the N. A. A. C. P. chain is in its 325 branches and over 90,000 members in 43 states. The weakness of the N. A. A. C. P. chain is in the fact that it has not yet reached every Negro in America. The Negro who wants to be able to vote in any state, to have 'educational opportunities for his children, justice in the courts, and to abolish lynching and discrimination of every kind, can secure these rights only through a strong, well-supported organization which never sleeps and is always on the job. If you have no N. A. A. C. P. branch in your community, write to-day for information on how to organize a Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. in your community, to The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. National Officers Executive Officers President Chairman of the Board MOORFIELD STOREY MARY WHITE OYINGTON Secretary Vice-Presidents JOHN R. SHILLADY REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE Treasurer BISHOP John HURST J. E. SPINGARN ARTHUR B. SPINGARN Director of Publications and Research OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD DR. W. E. IS. Du Bois TAMES WELDON JOHNSON. Field Secretary WILLI AM PICKENS, Associate Field Secretary WALTER F. WHITE. Assistant Secretary THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 20-No. 4 AUGUST, 1920 Whole No. 118 PICTURES Page COVER. Portrait of a Young Singer. Photograph by Green. "HUH! I DON'T WANT TO LOOK AT NO PRETTY GIRL." 169 THE NINE NEW BISHOPS 182 PLANTATION MELODIES. After the etching by Albert A. Smith 184-5 ARTICLES THE SLEEPER WAKES. A Novelette. Jessie Fauset. Illustrated by Laura Wheeler 168 THE PROPHET. A Poem. Joseph S. Cotter 173 THE POLITICAL CONVENTIONS 174 WILBERFORCE. W. E. B. DuBois. Illustrated 176 THE END OF JIM WATERS. A Letter 183 AFTER A READING OF "DARKWATER." A Poem. Elizabeth Curtis Holman 186 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 165 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 179 MEN OF THE MONTH 183 THE LOOKING GLASS 187 THE HORIZON 191 THE SEPTEMBER CRISIS Did you know that the N. A. A. C. P. sent 2 special reporters, one white and one colored, to Haiti? Read about it in the September CRISIS. October brings our Homes Number. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANG E O F ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post of2ce at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science! The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economici The Department of Social Service TERM OPENS SEPTEMBER 21, 1920 For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina HOWARD UNIVERSITY Washington, D. C. J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer. Collegiate and Professional Schools Junior College, covering the Freshman and Sophomore years, and leading to the Senior Colleges. Senior College, consisting of the Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism and Commerce and F:nance, granting respectively the degrees, A.B, or B.S.; A.B. or B.S. in Education ; B.S. in Journalism; B.S. in Commerce. School of Applied Science, four year course, giving degree, B.S. in C.E.: B.S. in E.E. ; B.S. in M.E. ; B.S. in Architecture; B.S. in Agriculture, and B.S. in Household Economic?. School of Music, four year course, giving degree of Mus.B. School of Religion, three year course, giving degree of B.D. (Also Diploma and Correspondence Courses.) School of Law , three year evening course, giving degree of LL.B . Sc-hool of Medicine, including Medical, Dental, Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental students; three years for Pharmaceutical students. Following- de-degrees given: M.D., D.D.S., Phar.C. Students may enter for Collegiate Work at the beginning of any quarter. REGISTRATION : Autumn Quarter September 27 to 29, 1920 Winter Quarter January 3, 1921 Spring Quarter March 19 and 21, 1921 For Catalog; and Information, write DWIGHT O. W. HOLMES, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE Atlanta University (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) Is beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Qa. The courses of study Include High school, formal School and College, with Manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students some from all carts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA, KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment, Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough "Work. Institution offers full courses in the following- departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training- and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Begins September 15, 1920. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT. J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxville, Term. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1920 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 arre« if beautiful campus. Twelve building with new $100 000 administration building with modern chapel and gymnasium under con3truction. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athfetics—Co-educational. Ad mission only by application. REARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and Rth Grades and 1st and 2nd Years' High School Courses, with Certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, will) Diploma. College—Four years aliove High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A .B . Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-mpdical Course 51st year of nine months opens September 22, 1920. $16.00 per month pays tuition, hoard, room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahassee, Florida LINCOLN UNIVERSITY is ranked In Class 1 among- colleges for colored students by the American Medical Association. The College and Theological Seminary en se 1920 Address °Ppt 21 PRESIDENT JOHN B. RENDALL, D.D., Lincoln University, Chester County, Pa. ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y . M . C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University. operated under the auspice of the Northern Presbyterian Church, h u four Departmenu—High School. Art* and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course la the requirement for entrance to the first tear of the High School. The School of Art* and Sciences offers two course. of study, the Classical and the Scientific, in the scientific. German Is substituted for Greet or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students In the High Scho«l Dept. are required to take trades In (lit Industrial Dept. For further information, address President H. L. MoCrorey. Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Chris tian Influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics! under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September, 1020. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, CHAIRMAN TRUSTEE BOARD Mention TH E CRISIS. 164 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University, University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented or. its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M . W. DOGAN, President The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $126. Next regular term begins Wednesday, September 15, 1920. Summer school for teachers in active service, beginning July 1. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For further particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Cheney, Penna. THE NEGRO AGRICULTURAL and TECHNICAL COLLEGE of North Carolina Just the place for young men. Fall Term begins September 1st, 1920. Thorough theoretical and practical courses given by the following departments : ACADEMIC, MECHANICAL, AGRICULTURAL, TEACHER TRAINING, MILITARY Young men, this_ is quite an opportunity. If you do not know of the facilities of this college, address JAMES B. DUDLEY, President Greensboro, N . C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHAB.GE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Hartshorn Memorial College Richmond, Va. A separate school for higher education of girls Thirty seven years of success Offers superior advantages College, Normal, Academic, Junior and Music courses Expenses moderate Send for catalog to the President Talladega Theological Seminary TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Is training men and women for the Gospel Ministry at home and abroad. Students are also being trained for work in the fields of Social Service, Religious Education, The Young Mens Christian Association and The Young Women's Christian Association. The Seminary has an enviable record of 48 years. For literature and full information address JAMES P. O'BRIEN, Dean, 399 "W. Battle St., Talladega, Ala. VA. UNION UNIVERSITY RICHMOND, VA. Founded 1865 College, Academic and Theological departments. The school of Arts and Sciences offers classical and scientific courses. Special emphasis on Pre-Medical Work. Theological department confers B.Th. and B.D. Foremost in Debating and Athletics. For further information, address WM. J. CLARK, President. STATE UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution in the State having for its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Col ored citizens in Kentucky. Special training in Insurance, Social Service, Nurslnc and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music, Domestic Science, Missionary (raining class. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C. H . Parrish Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 20. No. 4 AUGUST, 1920 Whole No. 118 OPINION of W.E.B. Du Bois FROM G. B. S. I A M so busy all my life consider ing what I shall do being white that I have never had time to settle what I should do if I were black. "I do not know enough about the problem of the African in America to justify me in lying about it. I am quite aware that this consideration does not usually act as a deterrent; but in my case it does. "I am much obliged to you for the invi tation to contribute to your journal; and if ever anything worth saying on your subject occurs to me, I shall bear you in mind." GEORGE BERNARD SHAW. THE TASK THER E is one sentence in the resignation of Mr. Shillady, our former secretary, which has arrested the attention of us all. He says: "I am less confident than heretofore of the speedy success of the Association's full program, and of the probability of over coming, within a reasonable period, the forces opposed to Negro equality, by the means and methods which are within the Association's power to employ." This is the frank judgment of a white man of high ideals and broad sympathy who came to our problem with thorough training in methods of social uplift. For two years he has studied the Negro problem from a peculiar vantage ground, knowing it without and within, making close friendships with black folk all over the land and studying their problem through thousands of calls and letters. This man after such experience says: 1. We cannot solve the Negro problem quickly; 2. There are strong forces opposed to Negro equality; 3. Our means and methods of meeting these forces are limited. Mr. Shillady does not say that our problem is insoluble or that Negro hatred in this land is unconquerable or that the methods of the N. A. A. C. P. are ineffective. On the contrary Mr. Shillady believes in our organization thoroughly and in the ultimate triumph of the Negro. But he does make definite answer to those soidisant philosophers who insist that this problem is a simple matter of this or that—"simply" go to work, "simply" go to school, "simply" stop attacking white women, etc. The Negro problem is a human problem of work, education, crime, democracy, art and life, with all their age-long complications and intertwinings. But it is more than that. It is not simply ignorance but ignorance with a determined, powerful, clear-eyed, organized effort on the part of millions of enemies to keep Negroes ignorant. It is crime backed by the devilish conspiracy to use and encourage Negro crime as a means of discrediting all Negroes. It is not simply a matter of regular, efficient work, but it is work accompanied by peonage, theft and abuse which harks back to the 13th century and is almost incomprehensible to modern laborers. All this is the Negro problem. We Negroes know it and know it well. To us Mr. Shillady's conclusion is no news. But to white people and especially to white social workers, it should come as a mighty—an insistent, a ringing warning. No longer is it admissible to side-track and 165 166 THE CRISIS dodge this terrific human cause. Here are 90,000 people banded together to solve it. Their methods are peaceful, legal, reasonable. If America is not prepared to solve this social problem by such methods what else does she propose? If the N. A. A. C. P. has not the power in hand to solve this problem, there is the nation of 100 millions which has the power. We called to our aid one of the best of America's social workers. The haters of black folk beat him and maltreated him and scarred him like a dog because he tried to talk quiet reason to Texas. Here is the problem and what will white men do about it? • BISHOPS WE congratulate the M . E. Church that after a fight of 25 years it has elected as bishops two men of Negro descent. It has not alone made Negro bishops, but it has by this act served notice on the M. E. Church, South, and on the copperhead Zion's Herald of Boston that there will be no union of Methodists without the Negro as a man and a brother. There are still white Christians in Zion. PETTINESS GOD save us from petty things!" prayed the Wise Man. Once upon a time some of our girls planned a party in honor of Kate. They asked for a list of her friends. Among others Kate suggested Jane. But Mrs. Smith, at whose home the party was to be held, was not "friendly" with Jane and moreover Jane and Sallie who were also invited, did not agree. Mary was asked and telephoned that she would bring her friend Paula along. But Alice thereupon announced that she would not come if Paula came. Rose and Sarah are "not speaking" and so Sarah could not be asked and for (Similar reasons Berenice vetoed Flora. And so forth. This is not fiction. It actually took place among colored college girls less than a year ago in Harlem. God save us from petty things. CLOTHES IT was in a Southern city and the white people were on the one and favorite subject — the "Nig-ra". This time it was health, a safe and absorbing subject. They were told of the horrible danger of having their clothes washed in Negro cabins and of their consequent personal interest in the Negroes' health. There ensued that succession of lit tle purrs and squeals which some ladies consider evidence of the high est breeding. But one Southern white woman rose and said calmly, "Yes, there is danger, but there's more danger to the Negroes in your dirty clothes than to you from the clean and sterilized washing which they return." Then followed the eloquent silence • that does not need words. WANTED A CIVI L engineer and an architect to teach their professions in a Texas school at a minimum sal ary of $100 a month. In Louisiana: Instructors of higher mathematics and advanced physics; English; history; French and Spanish; carpentry and cabinet work. "The entrance salary for instructors in the high school here is One Hundred Dollars ($100) per month. This is increased annually until the maximum is reached. The maximum salary is One Hundred Thirty-five Dollars for a term of ten months. Legislation is now pending which will prob ably result in this schedule being raised at the beginning of next term." In West Virginia: "An instructor who has specialized in the biological sciences and is capable of doing junior college work, holding a degree from a standard institu tion." In Nebraska: " A man at $3,000 per year to serve as Commissioner of the Colored Commercial Club. He must be a man who knows business and labor problems as they relate to the colored people and their place OPINION 167 merit and absorption into the economic and social fabric." A correspondent wants: "Any good place or school where a person can take a full course in embalming- or funeral directing.'* From a Missionary Association: "For a number of years I have studied the Commencement Number of THE CRISIS with all its pictures of young people and the vari ous schools in which they are finishing. I want to ask if you have available any list of colored students in northern universities already compiled, which it would be proper for me to ask to borrow in connection with our work which wishes to employ such can didates for regular secondary and college positions. The salaries are not large enough to entice people of superior training unless there is a considerable motive beyond their application. It is true, however, that every year we get a few of such people and it seems to me that if we can get in touch with them early enough, we could get more. I find that the various colleges and univer sities to whom I write directly and to whom I am writing directly even at this minute, especially in the larger places, do not take the trouble to go thoroughly into a matter of this kind. They put it all into the mill and grind it and it comes out in a very formal way. IN GEORGIA BORN and raised in Griffin, Ga., and having an occasion to visit my old home a few weeks ago, because of the death of my 1 father, I found conditions so changed one would be startled. When I was a boy the Manleys, Boyds, Dismukes and other white families, too numerous to mention, had a more kindly disposition towards the Negro than those now in power. "I read, with interest in The Griffin DailyNews and Sun (the mouth-organ for Spalding County), of the great progress the Board of Trade was making, but the saddest thing that came under my observation was the wholesale beating and ill treatment of the Negro in general throughout Spalding County. "While there a Negro, Fletcher Perdue by name, had hired a hand who had left a white man by name of Grady Westly of the Birdie Settlement; he was unmercifully beaten for no other reason than he hired the colored man. "In October, 1919, an old man, Tom Allen by name, was beaten in the same settlement by a crowd of whites because he disputed the word of a storekeeper about the size of a lamp chimney. "Later Tom Miller, of the same settlement, was unmercifully beaten and his front teeth knocked out when the officers of the law came to his house by night instead of during the day. He had not committed any crime but the officers were in search of another Negro; he refused to open his door, with the above results. "John Brown, who was living on the place of Haskell Bass was beaten unmercifully. "Dough Stahl was also beaten. Oscar Amie was taken out and beaten. These are not all, there are numerous similar cases. A young man, Elles by name, was beaten to death in Sunnyside near Spalding because he told a white man that he was just from the army and did not feel like going to work immediately. "The Daily News is always making a plea for Spalding County and Georgia. How can any Negro with sense stay in a place where beating, killing and every means of ill treatment is as common as 'pig tracks".' "I want to advise every Negro seeking a location to flee from Spalding County, for there no justice nor consideration awaits them. I advise Negroes to come to Cleveland or some other place where 'A man is a man for a' that.' " IN MISSISSIPPI MOVE D here from Montana four years ago, and I can say that of 30 states in which I have either traveled or lived I have seen none so backward as this one." (a white man). IN PHILADELPHIA MR. HAH N has handed me your letter of March 1 in regard to an appointment you made for a vocal pupil. It is with great regret, I have to tell you that it has always been the policy of this school to decline to give instructions to any pupils that do not meet all our requirements. This is a privilege, which any private school has, and you must therefore understand that if we have a rule not to accept some classes of pupils it is entirely within our province. You would have spared yourself and the young person for whom you made arrangements if you had mentioned the fact when you made arrangements that she was colored. "We have many such applications and regret that we are unable to find any suitable means of meeting their requirements." CHARLTON L. MURPHY, Managing Director, Zeckwer-Hahn, Philadelphia, Musical Academy. CO-OPERATION I NOTICED your article on co operation in the February CRISIS. What do you think of suggesting through the columns of TH E CRISIS, the possibility of training persons in the co-operative idea by having the schools organize such ventures for the purpose of handling student supplies and also of giving some definite attention to this subject in the work in economics? R. P. SIMS. THE SLEEPER WAKES A NOVELETTE IN THREE INSTALMENTS JESSIE FAUSET AMY recognized the incident as the be ginning of one of her phases. Always from a child she had been able to tell when "something was going to happen." She had been standing in Marshall's store, her young, eager gaze intent on the lovely little sample dress which was not from Paris, but quite as dainty as anything that Paris could produce. It was not the lines or even the texture that fascinated Amy so much, it was the grouping of colors—of shades. She knew the combination was just right for her. "Let me slip it on, Miss," said the saleswoman suddenly. She had nothing to do just then, and the girl was so evidently charmed and so pretty—it was a pleasure to wait on her. "Oh no," Amy had stammered. "I haven't time." She had already wasted two hours at the movies, and she knew at home they were waiting for her. The saleswoman slipped the dress over the girl's pink blouse, and tucked the linen collar under so as to bring the edge of the dress next to her pretty neck. The dress was apricot-color shading into a shell pink and the shell pink shaded off again into the pearl and pink whiteness of Amy's skin. The saleswoman beamed as Amy, entranced, surveyed herself naively in the tall looking-glass. Then it was that the incident befell. Two men walking idly through the dress-salon stopped and looked—she made an unbelievably pretty picture. One of them with a short, soft brown beard,—"fuzzy" Amy thought to herself as she caught his glance in the mirror—spoke to his companion. "Jove, how I'd like to paint her!" But it was the look on the other man's face that caught her and thrilled her. "M y God! Can't a girl be beautiful!" he said half to himself. The pair passed on. Amy stepped out of the dress and thanked the saleswoman half absently. She wanted to get home and think, think to herself about that look. She had seen it before in men's eyes, it had been in the eyes of the men in the moving-picture which she had seen that afternoon. But she had not thought she could cause it. Shut up in her little room she pondered over it. Her beauty,—she was really good-looking then— she could stir people—men! A girl of seventeen has no psychology, she does not go beneath the surface, she accepts. But she knew she was entering on one of her phases. She was always living in some sort of story. She had started it when as a child of five she had driven with the tall, proud, white woman to Mrs. Boldin's home. Mrs. Boldin was a bride of one year's standing then. She was slender and very, very comely, with her rich brown skin and her hair that crinkled thick and soft above a low forehead. The house was still redolent of new furniture; Mr. Boldin was spick and span—he, unlike the furniture, remained so for that matter. The white woman had told Amy that this henceforth was to be her home. Am y was curious, fond of adventure; she did not cry.- She did not, of course, realize that she was to stay here indefinitely, but if she had, even at that age she would hardly have shed tears, she was always too eager, too curious to know, to taste what was going to happen next. Still since she had had almost no dealings with colored people and knew absolutely none of the class to which Mrs. Boldin belonged, she did venture one question. "Am I going to be colored now?" The tall white woman had flushed and paled. "You— " she began, but the words choked her. "Yes, you are going to be colored now," she ended finally. She was a proud woman, in a moment she had recovered her usual poise. Amy carried with her for many years the memory of that proud head. She never saw her again. When she was sixteen she asked Mrs. Boldin the question which in the light of that memory had puzzled her always. "Mrs. Boldin, tell me—am I white or colored?" And Mrs. Boldin had told her and told her truly that she did not know. "A—a—mee!" Mrs. Boldin's voice mounted on the last syllable in a shrill 168 THE SLEEPER WAKES crescendo. Am y rose and went downstairs. Down in the comfortable, but rather shabby dining-room which the Boldins used after meals to sit in, Mr. Boldin, a tall black man, with aristocratic features, sat reading; little Cornelius Boldin sat practicing on a cornet, and Mrs. Boldin sat rocking. In all of their eyes was the manifestation of the light that Amy loved, but how truly she loved it, she was not to guess till years later. "Amy," Mrs. Boldin paused in her rock ing, "did you get the braid?" Of course she had not, though that was the thing she had gone to Marshall's for. Am y always forgot essentials. If she went on an errand, and she always went willingly, it was for the pure joy of going. Who knew what angels might meet one unawares? Not that Amy thought in biblical or in literary phrases. She was in the High School, it is true, but she was simply passing through, "getting by" she would have said carelessly The only reading that had ever made any impression on her had been fairy tales read to her in those long remote days when she had lived with the tall, proud woman; and descriptions in novels or histories of beautiful, Huh! Istately palaces tenanted by beautiful, stately women. She could pore over such pages for hours, her face flushed, her eyes eager. A t present she cast about for an excuse. She had so meant to get the braid. "There was a dress—" she began lamely, she was never deliberately dishonest. Mr. Boldin cleared his throat and nervously fingered his paper. Cornelius ceased his awful playing and blinked at her shortsightedly through his thick glasses. Both of these, the man and the little boy, loved the beautiful, inconsequent creature with her airy, irresponsible ways. But Mrs. Boldin loved her too, and because she loved her she could not scold. "Of course you forgot," she began chidingly. Then she smiled. "There was a dress that you looked at perhaps. But confess, didn't you go to the movies first?" Yes, Amy confessed she had done just that. "And oh, Mrs. Boldin, it was the most wonderful picture—a girl—such a pretty one—and she was poor, awfully. And somehow she met the most wonderful people and they were so kind to her. And she don't want to look at no pretty girl!' married a man who was just tremendously rich and he gave her everything. I did so want Cornelius to see it." "Huh!" said Cornelius who had been lis tening not because he was interested, but because he wanted to call Amy's attention to his playing as soon as possible. "Huh! I don't want to look at no pretty girl. Did they have anybody looping the loop in an airship?" "You'd better stop seeing pretty girl pic tures, Amy," said Mr. Boldin kindly. "They're not always true to life. Besides, 170 	THE I know where you can see all the pretty -	 girls you want without bothering to pay twenty-five cents for it." Amy smiled at the implied compliment and went on happily studying her lessons. They were all happy in their own way. Amy because she was sure of their love and admiration, Mr. and Mrs. Boldin because of her beauty and innocence and Cornelius because he knew he had in his foster-sister a listener whom his terrible practicing could never bore. He played brokenly a piece he had found in an old music-book. "There's an aching void in every heart, brother." "Where do you pick up those old things, Neely?" said his mother fretfully. But Amy could not have her favorite's feelings injured. "I think it's lovely," she announced defensively. "Cornelius, I'll ask Sadie Murray to lend me her brother's book. He's learning the cornet, too, and you can get some new pieces. Oh, isn't it awful to have to go to bed? Good-night, everybody." She smiled her charming, ever ready smile, the mere reflex of youth and beauty and content. "You do spoil her, Mattie," said Mr. Boldin after she had left the room. "She's only seventeen—here, Cornelius, you go to bed—but it seems to me she oug-ht to be more dependable about errands. Though she is splendid about some things," he defended her. "Look how willingly she goes off to bed. She'll be asleep before she knows it when most girls of her age would want to be in the street." But upstairs Amy was far from sleep. She lit one gas-jet and pulled down the shades. Then she stuffed tissue paper in the keyhole and under the doors, and lit the remaining gas-jets. The light thus thrown on the mirror of the ugly oak dresser was perfect. She slipped off the pink blouse and found two scarfs, a soft yellow and a soft pink,—she had had them in a scarf-dance for a school entertainment. She wound them and draped them about her pretty shoulders and loosened her hair. In the mirror she apostrophized the beautiful, glowing vision of herself. "There", she said, "I'm like the girl in the picture. She had nothing but her beautiful face—and she did so want to be happy." She sat down on the side of the rather lumpy bed and stretched out her CRISIS arms. "I- want to be happy, too." She intoned it earnestly, almost like an incantation. "I want wonderful clothes, and people around me, men adoring me, and the world before me. I want—everything! It will come, it will all come because I want it so." She sat frowning intently as she was apt to do when very much engrossed. "And we'd all be so happy. I'd give Mr. and Mrs. Boldin money! And Cornelius— he'd go to college and learn all about his old airships. Oh, if I only knew how to begin!" Smiling, she turned off the lights and crept to bed. II Quite suddenly she knew she was going to run away. That was in October. By December she had accomplished her purpose. Not that she was the least bit unhappy but because she must get out in the world,—she felt caged, imprisoned. "Trenton is stifling me," she would have told you, in her unconsciously adopted "movie" diction. New York she knew was the place for her. She had her plans all made. 'She had sewed steadily after school for two months—as she frequently did when she wanted to buy her season's wardrobe, so besides her carfare she had $25. She went immediately to a white Y. W. C. A., stayed there two nights, found and answered an advertisement for clerk and waitress in a small confectionery and bakery-shop, was accepted and there she was launched. Perhaps it was because of her early experience when as a tiny child she was taken from that so different home and left at Mrs. Boldin's, perhaps it was some fault in her own disposition, concentrated and egotistic as she was, but certainly she felt no pangs of separation, no fear of her future. She was cold too,—unfired though so to speak rather than icy,—and fastidious. This last quality kept her safe where morality or religion, of neither of which had she any conscious endowment, would have availed her nothing. Unbelievably then she lived two years in New York, unspoiled, untouched, going to her work on the edge of Greenwich Village early and coming back late, knowing almost no one and yet altogether happy in the expectation of something wonderful, which she knew some day must happen. THE SLEEPER WAKES It was at the end of the second year that she met Zora Harrisson. Zora used to come into lunch with a" group of habitues of the place—all of them artists and writers Amy gathered. Mrs. Harrisson (for she was married as Amy later learned) appealed to the girl because she knew so well how to afford the contrast to her blonde, golden beauty. Purple, dark and regal, developed in velvets and heavy silks, and strange marine blues she wore, and thus made Amy absolutely happy. Singularly enough, the girl, intent as she was on her own life and experiences, had felt up to this time no yearning to know these strange, happy beings who surrounded her. She did miss Cornelius, but otherwise she was never lonely, or if she was she hardly knew it, for she had always lived an inner life to herself. But Mrs. Harrisson magnetized her—she could not keep her eyes from her face, from her wonderful clothes. She made conjectures about her. The wonderful lady came in late one afternoon—an unusual thing for her. She smiled at Amy invitingly, asked some banal questions and their first conversation began. The acquaintance once struck up progressed rapidly—after a few weeks Mrs. Harrisson invited the girl to come to see her. Amy accepted quietly, unaware that anything extraordinary was happening. Zora noticed this and liked it. She had an apartment in 12th Street in a house inhabited only by artists—she was no mean one herself. Am y was fascinated by the new world into which she found herself ushered; Zora's surroundings were very beautiful and Zora herself was a study. She opened to the girl's amazed vision fields of thought and conjecture, phases of whose existence Amy, who was a builder of phases, had never dreamed. Zora had been a poor girl of good family. She had wanted to study art, she had deliberately married a rich man and as deliberately obtained in the course of four years a divorce, and she was now living in New York studying by means of her alimony and enjoying to its fullest the life she loved. She took Amy on a footing with herself—the girl's refinement, her beauty, her interest in colors (though this in Am y at that time was purely sporadic, never consciously encouraged), all this gave Zora a figure about which to plan and build a romance. Amy had told her the truth, but not all about her coming to New York. She had grown tired of Trenton—her people were all dead—the folks with whom she lived were kind and good but not "inspiring" (she had borrowed the term from Zora and it was true, the Boldins, when one came to think of it, were not "inspiring"), so she had run away. Zora had gone into raptures. "What an adventure! My dear, the world is yours. Why, with your looks and your birth, for I suppose you really belong to the Kildares who used to live in Philadelphia, I think there was a son who ran off and married an actress or someone—they disowned him I remember,—you can reach any height. You must marry a wealthy man—perhaps someone who is interested in art and who will let you pursue your studies." She insisted always that Amy had run away in order to study art. "But luck like that comes to few," she sighed, remembering her own plight, for Mr. Harrisson had been decidedly unwilling to let her pursue her studies, at least to the extent she wished. "Anyway you must marry wealth,—one can always get a divorce," she ended sagely. Amy—she came to Zora's every night now—used to listen dazedly at first. She had accepted willingly enough Zora's conjecture about her birth, came to believe it in fact—but she drew back somewhat at such wholesale exploitation of people to suit one's own convenience, still she did not probe too far into this thought—nor did she grasp at all the infamy of exploitation of self. She ventured one or two objections, however, but Zora brushed everything aside. "Everybody is looking out for himself," she said airily. "I am interested in you, for instance, not for philanthropy's sake, but because I am lonely, and you are charming and pretty and don't get tired of hearing me talk. You'd better come and live with me awhile, my dear, six months or a year. It doesn't cost any more for two than for one, and you can always leave when we get tired of each other. A girl like you can always get a job. If you are worried about being dependent you can pose for me and design my frocks, and oversee Julienne"—her maid-of-all-work—"I'm sure she's a stupendous robber." Amy came, not at all overwhelmed by the good luck of it—good luck was around the corner more or less for everyone, she 172 TH E CRISIS supposed. Moreover, she was beginning to absorb some of Zora's doctrine—she, too, must look out for herself. Zora was lonely, she did need companionship; Julienne was careless about change and odd blouses and left-over dainties. Am y had her own sense of honor. She carried out faithfully her share of the bargain, cut down waste, renovated Zora's clothes, posed for her, listened to her endlessly and bore with her fitfulness. Zora was truly grateful for this last. She was temperamental but Am y had good nerves and her strong natural inclination to let people do as they wanted stood her in good stead. She was a little stolid, a little unfeeling under her lovely exterior. Her looks at this time belied her—her perfect ivory-pink face, her deep luminous eyes, —very brown they were with purple depths that made one think of pansies—her charming, rather wide mouth, her whole face set in a frame of very soft, very live, brown hair which grew in wisps and tendrils and curls and waves back from her smooth, young forehead. Al l this made one look for softness and ingenuousness. The in genuousness was there, but not the soft ness—except of her fresh, vibrant loveli ness. On the whole then she progressed famously with Zora. Sometimes the latter's callousness shocked her, as when they would go strolling through the streets south of Washington Square. The children, the people all foreign, all dirty, often very artistic, always immensely human, disgusted Zora except for "local color"—she really could reproduce them wonderfully. But she almost hated them for being what they were. "Br-r-r, dirty little brats!" she would say to Amy. "Don't let them touch me." She was frequently amazed at her protegee's utter indifference to their appearance, for Amy herself was the pink of daintiness. They were turning from MacDougall into Bleecker Street one day and Amy had patted a child—dirty, but lovely—on the head. "They are all people just like anybody else, just like you and me, Zora," she said in answer to her friend's protest. "You are the true democrat," Zora re turned with a shrug. But Amy did not un derstand her. Not the least of Amy's services was to come between Zora and the too pressing attention of the men who thronged about her. "Oh, go and talk to Amy," Zora would say, standing slim and gorgeous in some wonderful evening gown. She was an extraordinarily attractive creature, very white and pink, with great ropes of dazzling gold hair, and that look of no-age which only American women possess. As a matter of fact she was thirty-nine, immensely sophisticated and selfish, even, Am y thought, a little cruel. Her present mode of living just suited her; she could not stand any condition that bound her, anything at all exigeant. It was useless for anyone to try to influence her. If she did not want to talk, she would not. The men used to obey her orders and seek Am y sulkily at first, but afterwards with considerably more interest. She was so lovely to look at. But they really, as Zora knew, preferred to talk to the older woman, for while with Zora indifference was a role, second nature by now but still a role—with Am y it was natural and she was also a trifle shallow. She had the admiration she craved, she was comfortable, she asked no more. Moreover she thought the men, with the exception of Stuart James Wynne, rather uninteresting—they were faddists for the most part, crazy not about art or music, but merely about some phase such as cubism or syncopation. Wynne, who was much older than the other half-dozen men who weekly paid Zora homage—impressed her by his suggestion of power. He was a retired broker, im mensely wealthy (Zora, who had known him since childhood, informed her), very set and purposeful and very polished. He was per haps fifty-five, widely traveled, of medium height, very white skin and clear, frosty, blue eyes, with sharp, proud features. He liked Amy from the beginning, her childish ness touched him. In particular he admired her pliability—not knowing it was really in difference. He had been married twice; one wife had divorced him, the other had died. Both marriages were unsuccessful owing to his dominant, rather unsympa thetic nature. But he had softened con siderably with years, though he still had decided views, was glad to see that Amy, in spite of Zora's influence, neither smoked nor drank. He liked her shallowness—she fascinated him. . THE PROPHET Zora had told him much—just the kind of romantic story to appeal to the rich, powerful man. Here was beauty forlorn, penniless, of splendid birth,—for Zora once having connected Amy with the Philadelphia Kildares never swerved from that belief. Amy seemed to Wynne everything a girl should be—she was so unspoiled, so untouched. He asked her to marry him. If she had tried she could not have acted more perfectly. She looked at him with her wonderful eyes. "But I am poor, ignorant—a nobody," she stammered. "I'm afraid I don't love you either,"' she went on in her pretty troubled voice, "though I do like you .very, very much." He liked her honesty and her self-depreciation, even her coldness. The fact that she was not flattered seemed to him an extra proof of her .native superiority. He, himself, was a representative of one of the South's oldest families, though he had lived abroad lately. "I have money and influence," he told her gravely, "but I count them nothing without you." And as for love—he would teach her that, he ended, his voice shaking a little. Underneath all his chilly, polished exterior he really cared. "It seems an unworthy thing to say," he told her wistfully, for she seemed very young beside his experienced fifty-five years, "but anything you wanted in this world could be yours. I could give it to you,— clothes, houses and jewels." "Don't be an idiot," Zora had said when Amy told her. "Of course, marry him. He'll give you a beautiful home and position. He's probably no harder to get along with than anybody else, and if he is, there is always the divorce court." It seemed to Amy somehow that she was driving a bargain—how infamous a one she could not suspect. But Zora's teachings had sunk deep. Wynne loved her, and he could secure for her what she wanted. "And after all," she said to herself once, "it really is my dream coming true." She resolved to marry him. There were two weeks of delirious, blissful shopping. Zora was very generous. It seemed to Amy that the whole world was contributing largesse to her happiness. She was to have just what she wanted and as her taste was perfect she afforded almost as much pleasure to the people from whom she bought as to herself. Tn particular she brought rapture to an exclusive modiste in Forty-second Street who exclaimed at her "so perfect taste". "Mademoiselle is of a marvellous, of an absolute correctness," she said. Everything whirled by. After the shopping there was the small, impressive wedding. Amy stumbled somehow through the service, struck by its awful solemnity. Then later there was the journey and the big house waiting them in the small town, fifty miles south of Richmond. Wynne was originally from Georgia, but business and social interests had made it necessary for him to be nearer Washington and New York. Amy was absolute mistress of himself and his home, he said, his voice losing its coldness. "Ah, my dear, you'll never realize what you mean to me—I don't envy any other man in the world. You are so beautiful, so sweet, so different!" (Continued in the September CRISIS) The Prophet JOSEPH S. COTTER HE saw Life masquerade in Babylon, He saw Life jaded by the mystic Nile, While weaving tapestry of brick and stone To mesh its merriment and seal its smile. He brought the fore-time to this after-time, He questioned workers, warriors, poets, sages. Then whispered to himself: "Nor tribe, nor clime, Nor God, nor Devil can unwed the ages." The Prophet felt the ache that we are feeling, The Prophet saw the greed that bows us under; And heard the echo of our tense appealing For brotherhood that dares not halt nor blunder. The Past will be the Present. Let us make To-day to-morrow for our children's sake. THE POLITICAL CONVENTIONS IN the Democratic Convention which nominated James M. Cox of Ohio as presi dent, we had, as Negroes, no part. Nevertheless over 200 of the 1,000 votes cast were based on a Negro population which is dis franchised. As to Cox, he is to those forces in the United States which wish to pre serve things as they are—who wish to or ganize the United States even more thor oughly than now as a profit-making insti tution for the Few—he is to these an ideal candidate and quite as good as Harding for those who own and propose to run this land. The Republican Convention had for us more personal interest but scarcely more encouragement. The Republicans are the victims of their own change of policy. They tried after the war to establish democracy in the South on the basis of the enfranchised Negro vote. This vote was too poor and ignorant to maintain itself without the aid of schools and organized industry. Schools were too costly and organized industry could make a better bargain with the former masters than with the former slaves. The result was the disfranchise ment of 1876 and the Corrupt Bargain. If the North kept its hands off the Negro problem the South would organize industry and make profits that would satisfy the North. On the political end, however, the South got by far the best of the bargain. They both in their conventions and in Congress had the full representation of the Negro population. The Republicans, on the other hand, do not dare upset the Corrupt Bargain by disfranchising the South and on the other hand are bothered in their own convention by a body of delegates which represent no votes and which can represent no votes so long as the South is solid, and this the South knows and this it is that keeps the South solid. On the other hand, without endangering this solidarity, the white South has learned that it can by manipulation secure a good deal of the patronage and power of the Republican party. Any group of white Southerners can hold a meeting, elect delegates and claim to be the full representatives of the nascent white Republican party of the South. Immediately Mr. William H. Taft goes into hysterics with pathetic praise. In the Republican convention we had the following representatives: Delegates at Large: Georgia 3, Florida 2, Mississippi 2, Louisiana 2, Kentucky 1, Tennessee 1, Oklahoma 1, Texas 1; of District Delegates we had: Georgia 9, North Carolina 7, Louisiana 6, Mississippi 5, South Carolina 7, Florida 5, Kentucky 3, Oklahoma 3, Virginia 3, Maryland 2, Illinois 1, District of Columbia 1. Besides this we had certain purely honorary Alternates at Large from Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Missouri, Maryland and Alabama. In Missouri a colored alternate served when the white delegate confessed to receiving illegitimate campaign funds. The press was silent on this evidence of race superiority. In the cases of six states there were contests and to realize just what these contests mean let us consider a little history. Since, because of disfranchisement, the • organization of the Republican party in the South is not based upon votes, everything depends on possession of the party machinery. Up until about 1912 this party machinery was in the hands of colored men, but white people North and South volubly advised the best Negroes to get out of politics, and most of them followed this advice, thereby leaving political matters in the South largely in the hands of the worst element of the race; although not wholly so, because a certain number of determined, self-respecting Negroes absolutely refused to give up all interest in politics. The next move on the Dart of the whites was to secure control of party machinery. At first they attempted this baldly by simply organizing:' a "Lily White" committee or convention and declaring themselves the Republican party. Fear of the northern Negro vote, however, kept the National Republican Committee and the Convention from recognizing this movement in most States although the "Lily Whites" gained practical control in Texas, Arkansas and several other States. The next step was for the "Lily White" faction to make sure of having Negro support by getting certain complacent Negroes to support them. 174 THE POLITICAL CONVENTIONS This is illustrated in Mississippi. Two years ago the national committeeman for Mississippi died. The Republican State Convention elected Perry Howard, a repu table colored lawyer. The National Republican Committee, meeting at St. Louis, refused to seat Howard in the face of his clear right and based their contention on the fact that certain colored men, Isaiah Montgomery and Eugene Booze, testified for the white opponent, Mulvihill. Mulvihill was seated. In this way he got control of the party machinery and thus Mississippi is practically under the control of the whites. The same thin;: was attempted in Georgia in 1912. A white man was made national committeeman succeeding a colored man, Judson Lyons. This white man was afterward driven out of the state under indictment as a "dope fiend", but he selected another white man, Roscoe Pickett, as his successor. The colored men thought, however, that his successor should be a colored man and every effort was made to keep control of the party machinery. The colored men were able to enlist the help of well educated Negroes and the efforts of the white partisans to lock them out of the hall and to hold a rump convention were frustrated. The National Committee, despite its wish, had to seat a majority of colored delegates who were determined to elect a colored committeeman. They knew, however, that the Credentials Committee would overturn their action. Their candidate, Henry L. Johnson, therefore announced that he would not be a candidate for election as committeeman. The delegates refused to select anybody else until after the Credentials Committee had reported to the Convention, their report had been accepted and the Committee discharged. Then the Georgia delegates announced to the convention that despite the fact that Mr. Johnson was not a candidate they had selected him as National Committeeman, and Chairman H'-nry Cabot Lodge announced this decision to the full convention. It was contested. He polled the Georgia delegation in the presence of the convention and announced Johnson's election. When, however, this was put before the convention for confirmation an overwhelming "No" went up from the floor and the gallery showing distinctly the attitude of the whole party toward Negroes. The Republicans of the Central West were standing by the Negroes on account of the big Negro vote, but those of New England and the far West were against them. For a moment Lodge was puzzled and consulted his parliamentarians. He then announced that according to "Rule six" the selection- of the delegates was final and that Henry L. Johnson, the Negro, was National Committeeman from Georgia. In Florida the regular organization held no election for officers, according to the rules. A group of "Lily Whites" held a convention in a place where Negroes were not admitted and elected officers and delegates. Thereupon a colored organization held a convention and elected officers and delegates. At Chicago the first or regular organization was recognized, including both white and colored delegates. At the Shelby County, Tennessee, convention the colored delegates were not admitted. They went to the state convention and threatened to bolt. The state convention ordered that they be admitted to the organization and also put a colored man on the state delegation at large. When the district conventions of Shelby and neighboring counties met, the whites tried to lock the • colored delegates out but the colored delegates succeeded in entering in such large numbers that they outvoted the whites and the whites withdrew to the corridor. R. R. Church, a young colored man, was elected delegate. The National Committee recognized his regularity and seated him, but the white opponents of Church telegraphed for delegations of southern white women from various Tennessee cities. They came before the Credential Committee and threatened that the women would bolt the state ticket if Church was retained as delegate. Thereupon the Credentials Committee unseated him, and a white man was made delegate. In Louisiana the state committee held their meeting in the Grunewald Hotel where no Negroes were allowed even as servants. When Walter Cohen and his colored delegation appeared they were denied admission. They together with white friends organized their convention and elected delegates. These delegates were seated and the committee adopted the rule that hereafter conventions must not be held in places ordinarily inaccessible to colored people. THE CRISIS This is the situation. Neither candidate vored us; the Republicans made a halfis a friend of the Negro nor of democracy. hearted remark on lynching. We are, Neither convention was fair to us. The therefore, under no obligations. We are Democratic platform said nothing that fafree of entangling alliances. WILBERFORCE W. E. B. Du Bois WILBERFORCE University was established by the white Methodists for Negro education in 1856. It was purchased by the African M. E. Church under the leadership of Daniel Payne in 1863. It became the single center of education for the A. M. E. Church until about 1880 when the establishment of other church schools diverted funds which might have come to Wilberforce. In order to help the growth of the school the trustees applied to the State of Ohio for aid and on March 19, 1887, a law was passed establishing the "Combined Normal and Industrial Department at Wilberforce University". Perplexing questions immediately arose as to the legal relation of the two schools, but the Attorney General of Ohio made the following decision as early as 1903: "It must always be borne in mind that this department is separate and distinct and independent from Wilberforce University. The statute makes it so, and indeed were it not for this provision of the statute the act providing for State aid to this department of Wilberforce University would be unconstitutional. The constitution of Ohio expressly prohibits any Stale aid to any sectarian institution." Notwithstanding this, the church school has been allowed to name four of the nine trustees, and has always contended, despite the law, that the two institutions were one. Moreover, the State trustees are usually busy men and do not attend board meetings regularly. The University trustees, on the other hand, consist of the bishop of the district, the president of the university, who is under the control of the bishop,* and two ministers or laymen whom the bishop names; all these are usually in attendance. Thus the presiding bishop dominates both institutions. The present presiding bishop is Joshua H . Jones and his son is dean of the church school. In 1916 the Episcopal Committee of fifty members of the General Conference of his church found Bishop Jones guilty of "mal-adminis tration, stealing, lying and conduct unbe coming a Christian gentleman" and voted that he be reprimanded by the Conference. On the other hand, for the last ten years the superintendent of the State department has been William A. Joiner. His position has been most difficult. As a loyal gradu ate of the church school he wished to main tain close union between the two institu tions. On the other hand, he must be an honest and progressive servant of a great State. The latter duty he performed without the shadow of criticism. He found at the Wilberforce State school in 1910 three large halls and seven small buildings, most of them in bad repair, valued with the land at $240,000; 13 teachers at an average salary of $65 per month; a high school of second grade with 165 enrolled. Today there are 20 buildings of excellent architecture and repair, including recitation buildings, shops, gymnasium, hospital and dormitories valued at $900,000. There are 32 teachers at an average of $100 a month and 620 students. The State appropriation has increased from $29,000 a year to $100,000 and the high school has become a full course State accredited normal school entitled to a State certificate without examination. Superintendent Joiner has expended $800,000 of the money of the State of Ohio during his term and the Auditor of the State writes: "I want to thank you for the prompt cooperation you have given this department in the administration of the fiscal affairs of your institution. I have always felt that you were one public servant that was earning your salary and was giving the best there was in you for the success of the institution over which you preside.believe that the State has received from the Industrial Department of Wilberforce *The Bishop being chairman of the standUniversity more value for one hundred ing Executive Committee of the Board of cents of investment than from any other Trustees. institution in the State." WILBERFORCE J. A. GREGG J. H. JONES This is a record of which the Negro has a right to be proud and yet without warning, Mr. Joiner and his faculty have been forced by Bishop Jones to resign! Why? While the State institution was prospering, the church institution was having a difficult time. It was in debt even for salaries, its buildings were falling into decay and it could not attract men because it had no money. Its president, the well-known Dr. William Sanders Scarborough, was a scholar and a teacher rather than an executive and was forced into this office against Lis natural inclinations. He received little financial or moral support in his thankless task. He was surrounded in part by men of high character with the spirit of sacrifice, like the late Earl Finch, Chaplain Steward and Professor Green; but the trustee board was a large, unwieldy and uninterested body and the real power lay in Bishop Jones' hands. Had it not been for the generosity of the State, the church school would have either closed or been thoroughly reorganized. The university not only receives a direct payment of $5,000 a year for teaching State students, but it also is allowed to collect nearly $2,000 annually in tuitions from State students; it shares equally without cost or responsibility the services of a $20,000 water system, an electric lighting plant, $12,000 worth of books and supplies placed in the library, a librarian at $1,200 per year, a preceptress at $1,000; instruction in music and drawing, $2;200; a physical training teacher at $1,090; use of a hospital with trained nurse and medicines at $1,600; use of filtration plant, $800; heat, light and housing for all high school students at $1,000; use of auditorium for church chapel and entertainments, $1,200. W. S. SCARBOROUGH W. A. JOINER This makes the equivalent of a total contribution of over $12,000 a year from the State to the university in return for which the university furnishes a library building from Andrew Carnegie, teaches State students in certain advanced subjects, and owns the ground on which one of the State buildings is placed. Fully three-fourths of the expenses of Wilberforce University are paid directly and indirectly by the State of Ohio. Manifestly such a situation continually invites criticism and State interference. Notwithstanding the generosity of the State, the church has continually complained and brought pressure for more unhampered use of State funds. The superintendent was thus always in a dilemma between the strict law of the State and the vigilance of its responsible officials, and the demands of the church and power of the bishop; and he was always blamed for any failure of the State to yield a point 'or for any tendency on the part of the State to take more complete control of its own school. Several times it has been proposed to make the State school independent. A bill to this effect was introduced at the last Ohio legislature and Mr. Joiner was accused of fathering it. This he denied. Finally the bill was amended so as to increase the number of State appointed trustees and thus avoid the domination of the church. This bill passed the legislature by a large majority but Governor Cox vetoed it because, as he said, it did not go far enough. Thereupon he appointed a committee of investigation consisting of senators, representatives and distinguished educators who made a long, thorough and sympathetic investigation of the institution in person, examining witnesses and documents. Their report is illuminating; It finds "the 178 THE grounds and buildings of the State school in excellent shape, and the financial and business management of Superintendent Joiner and his financial clerk all that could be desired. Wilberforce is a magnificent location for the school for Ohio's colored boys and girls. The buildings have been well placed, and care has been taken to harmonize some, leaving healthy distance between each." Of the church school it says: "The salaries paid by the university are much too low to invite competent professors. "The class-rooms at the university are very antiquated; they are not even semi-fireproof. The chemistry room is in a low ceilinged basement, poorly lighted, insufficiently ventilated, besides being short on up-to-date apparatus." Notwithstanding this the committee" is mindful of the struggles of old Wilberforce: "The hard work done by the founders of Wilberforce University and the many sacrifices the support of that institution has required of the A. M. E. Church during the nearly sixty years sinc3 its beginning, have enshrined Wilberforce in the hearts of their people, and that their work has been as well done as limited means permitted, shows today." The committee, therefore, recommended that the State department be erected into a normal and vocational college to be known as the Wilberforce State Normal and Vocational College; that this college should be governed by a board of seven trustees, all of whom should be appointed by the Governor and none by the university, as is the case now, but that the new college be conducted in harmony and close co-operation. This unanimous recommendation was laid before the Governor, but before action was taken the legislature adjourned. Immediately Bishop Jones and his friends went to work. A drive was made throughout the church and some $50,000 in cash, besides pledges, raised to pay off the debt on the church school, including back salaries, and to add a few thousand to the endowment fund. Not satisfied, however, with this commendable effort, which shows that the A. M. E. Church can support Wilberforce if it will, Jones went further. He induced Governor Cox to fill two vacancies on the State board with friends of Jones. Immediately the board met and was reorganized with one of these new appointees, Dr. Frank Johnson of Cincinnati, as chairman. The new board forthwith forced the CRISIS resignation of Superintendent William A . Joiner, abolished the position of W. W. Cooke, formerly supervising architect of the United States Treasury and then Director of Vocational Training; dismissed the librarian and the instructor in auto mechanics. Immediately five other of the best technical instructors resigned. Dismay overwhelmed the institution. A "celebration" of Joiner's dismissal was begun by some students but it "back-fired" into a wholesale "strike" of 700 students against (as the placards said) "Too Much Jones". The rumor was that the younger Jones was to succeed President Scarborough but the only confirmation so far has been the dismissal of President Scarborough after 40 years of service and the appointment of Bishop Jones over the Ohio district by the General Conference. As one of the oldest and staunchest church officers of Wilberforce writes us: "Everything is chaos!" Later advices tell us that the Rev. John A . Gregg, of Florida, has been elected to succeed President Scarborough. It is doubtful if one could imagine a situation fraught with more danger to the race: here is a man, W. A. Joiner, who has made a splendid executive. No one disputes this, not even his enemies. If it were true that he sought to increase the effective power of the State in its own school he would have been abundantly justified by the facts. He has been dismissed by a man whose reputation has been blasted by his own church. If we let this pass unrebuked what can we say if the State of Ohio puts white men in charge at Wilberforce on the ground that "Negroes cannot conduct a school"? On the other hand, the A. M. E. Church can and must conduct a school at Wilberforce; but it must be as efficiently run as the State school and have an income of at least $50,000 a year. It must cease to be a beggar and a mendicant. The future of Wilberforce lies not in the surrender of the State school or the illegal stealing of State funds or in submission to the bludgeoning methods of the Joneses; but rather in the building of two great institutions in the finest Negro educational center in America —consisting of a university and high school conducted by the African Methodist Church and a Vocational College conducted by the State of Ohio, legally separate, but racially, culturally, and in plan and outlook, one. National Association for the Advancement of Colored-People DULUTH A SPLENDID example of branch activity and cooperation with the National Office is given in the part played by the St. Paul and Minneapolis Branches of the N . A . A . C. P. in investigating the recent lynchings at Duluth, Minn. On June 16 the press of the country reported the lynching of three Negroes at Duluth, Minnesota, by a mob of 5,000 persons, who overpowered the police and firemen, took possession of police headquarters and seized the Negroes along with three others who were released after a mock trial was held. Al l were being held in connection with an attack said to have been made upon a white girl. The National Headquarters of the N . A . A . C. P. immediately wired its St. Paul and Minneapolis Branches asking that an investigation be made as to the facts in the case. Governor J. A. Burnquist of Minnesota is President of the St. Paul Branch, and a direct appeal for the apprehension and punishment of the lynchers was made to him as Governor of the State. Each of the branches sent investigators to the scene of the lynching and full reports have been rendered to the National Office. Among other things, one of the investigators was able to secure affidavits from fourteen other colored men who were being held in jail on the same charge for which the three were lynched. This investigator says, "It is not certain that any of the Negroes lynched or those now under arrest are guilty of the crime charged. It is not even certain that the girl was assaulted." Of the fourteen Negroes being held he says, "Each and every one of them protests his innocence. None of them knew any of the men lynched. None of them saw the crime committed, if one was committed. These men are extremely ignorant and I do not believe they could tell a lie so consistently that I could not catch them in it." The reports from both branches show that there was great negligence on the part of police officials. They report that early in the afternoon of the date of the lynching the police department was notified by a responsible party that a mob bent on lynching the Negroes was forming, and that the Commissioner of Safety made no substantial effort to prevent the lynching. The report says: "For two hours or more immediately preceding the lynching, trucks loaded with ruffians ran up and down the main streets past the Central station with ropes dragging behind the trucks. The ruffians who occupied the trucks would stop and make speeches, telling the crowds that the girl was dying, that they were going up to the police station and hang the Negroes and that they invited the crowds to join them. In the trucks they had ropes, hammers, steel saws to cut the bars and large timbers to jam their way to the prisoners. In the meantime the Commissioner was at the station giving strict orders that under no circumstances were the police to use firearms for fear blood would be shed." Not only did the Minneapolis Branch investigate the facts leading up to the lynching, but while on the ground the President of the Branch, who himself made the investigation, assisted in the organization of the Duluth Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. A recent communication from Governor Burnquist gives the encouraging information that twelve persons have been indicted and arrested on first degree murder charges on account of alleged participation in the lynchings. The grand jury has not yet completed its investigation. The Governor assures the Association that the State departments are cooperating in every way possible. THE HILL EXTRADITION CASE ROBERT L. HILL, alleged president of * the Progressive Farmers and Household Union of America, the organization charged with inciting the Arkansas riots of October, 1919, has been released on bond. Mr. Hugh T. Fisher, the attorney who, together with Messrs. Elisha Scott, James 179 THE CRISIS H. Guy and A . M . Thomas, has been representing the N. A. A. C. P. in the Hill extradition case at Topeka, Kansas, reports that a reduction of Hill's bond to 82,000 has been secured and that an order has been issued providing for his appearance before the Federal Court at Leavenworth, Kansas, for the October term. This, says Mr. Fisher, releases Hill from jail and gives his attorneys sufficient time to secure his discharge in October. This points to an ultimate victory in a case which has assumed national importance, the case upon which hangs the whole charge of conspiracy on the part of colored people in southeastern Arkansas to massacre the whites of that section. It was Hill who was accused of being the instigator of the whole trouble. He fled the state of Arkansas and for two months his whereabouts remained unknown, in spite of all the efforts put forth to locate him. In December Hill wrote to the N. A. A. C. P. Later he was arrested in Topeka, Kansas, and from that time on the Association has been fighting his extradition to Arkansas. Friends in Topeka have secured employment for Hill. BUDGET THE National Association has made it a point to spare CRISIS readers all financial statements. The Association notes have been given over to the story of its legal and educational activities, to its publicity, etc. We are breaking our rule, however, in this number to present to CRISIS readers the quotas which have been assigned to the 323 branches in the organization. (Some of the most recently formed branches have not been included in this list.) These quotas were given to branches at the request of the Cleveland Conference. A t that time Mr. Shillady, our retiring secretary, was asked to prepare a budget and a method for raising the budget. In answer to this request Mr. Shillady presented to the Atlanta Conference the following budget and quotas. TH E BUDGET For Administrative Work and Supervision $8,000 For Field Organization, Investigation and Traveling Expense.... 17,000 For Department of Branches and Branch Bulletin 3,000 For Education and Publicity.... 11,600 For Office Expense, Rent, Clerks, Postage, etc $18,400 For the Fight Against Lynching. . 10,000 For Legal Defense 10,000 Grand Total for Al l Purposes. $78,OOO The budget includes $10,000 for legal defense work. It was felt at the Atlanta Conference that the Association should secure the services of a competent lawyer as soon as it knew it could count on branch support. This may increase the estimate. The second request, the methods of raising the budget presented, was answered by the assignment of quotas to all branches. These quotas represent money sent to the National Office in memberships and contributions. They do not include money for special funds, forCRISIS and Branch Bulletin subscriptions, and for sales. It was suggested that the quotas be raised, first, by the membership drive; second, if on July 1, the branch lacked its quota, that it spend the next six months raising the money in whatever way seemed wisest,—by lectures, entertainments, donations secured from public spirited citizens; the branch holding to the chief issue that by the end of the year it should have sent to 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, its money pledged. On July 1, the National Office had heard from 95 branches accepting their quotas as here printed. There are, however, the majority of branches yet to be heard from. Will not each Crisis reader who is a member of a branch find out whether its quota has been accepted and then turn and help in raising the money? We have some branches whose officers are inactive. If you who are reading this are a lay member of such a branch, will you not realize that you have a right to see that a public meeting is called and that your branch resumes its activity? It is of the utmost importance that the National Office learn from each unit in its organization whether it can rely upon it for the amount of money of its apportionment. Anyone desiring to know more regarding the finances should send five cents to the National Office for the June issue of the Branch Bulletin. Names of Branches and 1920 apportionment follow: ALABAMA IDAHO Anniston-Hobson C. $125 Boise $60 Blocton GO ILLINOIS Birmingham 750 Bloomington-Normal 200 N. A. A. C. P. 131 Ensley $60 Centralia $100 Lincoln $160 TENNESSEE Mobile 200 Chicago 2000 Omaha 700 Chattanooga $100 Montgomery 600 Decatur 60 NEVADA Jackson 100 Selnia 235 I-I-.III.MUII 100 Reno 30 Knoxville 125 Tuscaloosa 226 Joliet 60 NEW JERSEY Memphis 600 Uniontown 100 Madison 60 Atlantic City 100 Nashville 260 ARIZONA Maywood 60 Camden 160 TEXAS Bisbee • 1oo Moline 125 Jersey City 300 Austin 150 • Flagstaff 60 Peoria 160 Montclair 100 Baileyville 76 Phoenix 126 Quincy 126 Newark S60 Beaumont 600 Tucson 76 Rockford 150 Orange 800 Benchley 76 ARKANSA S Springfield 160 Paterson 100 Bryan 150 Edmondson 100 INDIANA Plainfield 176 Caldwell 76 Fort Smith 100 Elkhart 100 Trenton 200 Corpus Christi ... . 76 Grand Lake 76 Fort Wayne 200 NEW MEXICO Corsicana 100 Jonesboro 60 Gary 200 Albuquerque 76 Cuero 100 Little Rock 260 Indianapolis 400 NEW YORK Dallas 760 Pine Bluff 176 Lafayette 200 Binghamton 76 El Paso 250 CALIFORNIA Marion 100 Buffalo 200 Fort Worth 160 Bakersfield 76 Muncie 100 New York City 2000 Galveston 100 Fresno 76 South Bend 75 Rochester 200 Gonzales 76 Hanford 60 Terre Haute 300 Syracuse 126 Greenville 76 Imperial Valley .... 100 IOWA NORTH CAROLINA Hearne 76 Long Beach 60 Cedar Rapids 100 Asheville 76 Highbank 75 Los Angeles 450 Davenport 200 Charlotte 126 Houston 260 North California .. 750 Des Moines 300 Durham 126 Jones Prairie 75 Pasadena 60 Keokuk 460 Fayetteville 75 Leggett 75 Riverside 75 Ottumwa 175 Greensboro 100 Marshall 100 Sacramento 125 KANSAS Lexington 75 Marlin 75 San Bernardino .. . 100 Atchison 200 Raleigh 126 Mart 75 San Diego 300 Crawford Co 100 Rocky Mount 76 iViumford 200 San Jose ..., 100 Emporia 150 Wilmington 175 Orange 150 San Monico Bay . . 60 Kansas City 360 Winston-Salem ... . 125 Palestine 150 Stockton 50 Leavenworth 225 OHIO San Antonio 900 Vallejo 100 Parsons 100 AKron 275 Seguin 60 COLORADO Topeka 200 A-liance 75 Silsbee 50 Cannon City 30 Wichita 200 Canton 100 Temple 75 Colorado Springs .. 200 KENTUCKY Chillicothe 100 Texarkana 125 Denver 300 Bowling Green ... . 150 Cincinnati 400 Waco 100 La Junta 60 Cynthiana 75 Cleveland 1800 Waelder 76 Pueblo 200 Earlington 100 Columbus 400 Wharton 125 Rouse 60 Frankfort 125 Dayton 250 Yoakum 100! CONNECTICUT Henderson 125 Elyria 75 UTAH Bridgeport 200 Hopkinsville 150 Green Co 200 Salt Lake City 100 Hartford 200 Lexington 250 Lorain 76 VIRGINIA New Haven 200 Louisville 1800 Mansfield 75 Alexandria 125 Stamford 60 Maysville 75 Miami Co 76 Charlottesville ... . 75 DELAWAR E Paducah 125 Middletown 75 City Point 76 Wilmington 200 Owensboro 100 Operlin 100 Danville 125 D. of COLUMBIA LOUISIANA Portsmouth 75 Falls Church 200 Washington 2000 Alexandria 100 Springfield 175 Graham 75 Baton Rouge 100  600 FLORIDA ToiedoLouisa Co 60 Jacksonville 300 Lynchburg 250 New Orleans 500 Union Co 75 St. Rose 150 Urbana 250 Key West 125 Martinsville 75 Shreveport 250 Wellsville 60 Munson 60 Norfolk 200 Palatka 125 MAIN E Youngstown 100 Petersburg 200 Pensacola 150 Portsmouth 100 Portland 75 Zanesville 75 MARYLAND OKLAHOMA St. Augustine 100 Pulaski 75 Tallahasse 100 Baltimore 760 Ardmore 75 Richmond 500 Tampa 100 MASSACHUSETTS Bo1ey 100 Roanoke 125 Boston 3200 Chilesville 100 GEORGIA Salem 100 Fall River 75 Enid 100 Albany 100 WASHINGTON New Bedford 400 Logan Co 150 Americus 100 Everett 75 Springfield 225 McAlister 76 Athens 100 Seattle 350 MICHIGAN Muskogee 126 Atlanta 1500 Spokane 350 Adrian 25 Oklahoma City ... . 300 Augusta 125 Tacoma 150 Ann Arbor 100 Okmulgee 100 Brunswick 126 WISCONSIN Bay City 75 Rusk 75 Columbus 100 Beloit 76 Benton Harbor .. . 76 Sapulpa 100 Cordele 76 Detroit 1500 Wewoka 75 Milwaukee 225 Dublin 75 Flint 150 OREGON WEST VIRGINIA Hawkinsville 60 Grand Rapids 176 Portland 100 Beckley 75 Macon 150 Hamtramack 75 PENNSYLVANIA Bluefield 100 Milledgeville 60 Jackson 85 Braddock 125 Charleston 300 Rome 200 Kalamazoo 150 Carlisle 100 Clarksburg 100 Savannah 100 Lansing 150 Cheyney 100 Huntington 150 Thomasville 175 Muskegon 60 Easton 100 Morgantown 75 Valdosta 76 Niles 60 Erie 160 Parkersburg I" 0 Waycross 60 Saginaw 60 Franklin 75 Wheeling. 100 MINNESOTA Ypsilanti 100 Harrisburg 160 _ WYOMING Minneapolis 300 RHOD E ISLAN D Johnstown 160 Sheridan 75 St. Paul 300 Newport 75 Meadville 76 CANAL ZONE MISSISSIPPI Isthmian ... . 75 Providence 600 Mercer Co 100 Mound Bayou 100 SOUTH CAROLINA Monongahela 75 CANADA Vicksburg 76 Aiken 100 New Castle 100 Montreal 75 MISSOURI Anderson 100 Philadelphia 1600 Windsor . 75 Cape Girardeau ... 75 Beaufort 176 Pittsburg 1000 PHILIPPINES' Kansas City 350 Charleston 600 Reading 126 Pampanga 100 St. Louis 850 Columbia 400 Washington 150 Springfield 100 Darlington 200 West Chester 125 NEBRASK A Florence 100 Williamsport 100 Beatrice 75 Orangeburg 200 York 76 THE NINE NEW BISHOPS W. D. JOHNSON M. W. CLAIR W. A. FOUNTAIN T. W. WALLACE W. T. VERNON A. J. CAREY R. E. JONES W. S. BROOKS J. W. WOOD 182 Men of the Month. THE NINE NEW BISHOPS IT is no exaggeration to say with Bishop Thirkield that the election of two colored bishops by the great M. E. Church "is the most significant event in the religious his tory of the Negro since emancipation. Their election by a body of 800 delegates from the whole world, not grudgingly, but with contagious enthusiasm and the vision of its significance as' related to the whole world, is an event of far-reaching importance. It forever gives assurance that ours is not a white man's church but a church as broad as humanity and as all-inclusive as the re demptive blood of Jesus Christ." Robert Elijah Jones, one of these bishops, was born in North Carolina in 1872 and educated at Bennett and Gammon. Since 1897 he has been on the staff of the Southwestern Christian Advocate and for the last 16 years he has been the editor of this paper, which is one of the best colored journals in the country. Bishop Jones will have charge of the colored Methodist churches of Louisiana and adjacent parts of the South, taking the diocese presided over formerly by Bishop Thirkield. Matthew W. Clair was born in West Virginia in 1865 and educated at Morgan College. For 17 years he was pastor of Asbury Church in Washington where he erected a new edifice at a cost of $85,000. For the past 7 years he has been District Superintendent. Bishop Clair has been assigned to Liberia for the next four years. „ The A. M. E. Church, meeting at St. Louis, elected 5 bishops. Archibald James Carey was born in Atlanta in .1868 and educated at Atlanta and the Chicago Theological Seminary. He has long held charges in Chicago where he also has been Chief Examiner of Law Claims under the city government. William Alfred Fountain was born in Elberton, Ga., in 1870 and educated at Morris Brown. Since 1911 he has been president of Morris Brown College. William Decker Johnson was born in Georgia in 1869 and has been Presiding Elder for a number of years and secretary of the Board of Trustees of Morris Brown College. William Tecumseh Vernon was born in Missouri and educated at Lincoln and Wilberforce. He was the first president of Western University and was Register of the United States Treasury under Roosevelt. Afterward he was president of Campbell College, Jackson, Miss., and pastor of Avery Chapel in Memphis. W. Sampson Brooks was born in Maryland and is chiefly known by his extraordinary feat of paying off for Bethel A. M. E. Church in Baltimore, the largest church in the denomination, a mortgage of $90,000. The A. M. E. Zion Church General Conference at Knoxville, Tenn., elected 2 bishops. Thomas Walker Wallace, the youngest of all the bishops eleclfed this spring, was born in Alabama in 1879 and educated at Livingstone. Since 1912 he has been editor of the Western Star of Zion. John Wesley Wood was born in Georgia in 1865 and has been missionary secretary of the church since 1912. THE END OF JIM WATERS Dear Sirs: I RECEIVED your letter and contents noted and are very sorry that i have ben so late in answering it, but will note below: "Jim Waters a half crazy Negro was working for M r Haywood a white man about 11 Miles from Wrightsville, near Scott, Ga, And as i for got the date, they claim that they caught the Negro and his little 11 Year old girl behind the barn, and in that they claim that he raped her, but the general opinion is that it was not no rape. "And they got after the Negro a lots of farmers, and rand him down in the woods and he got away from them and to show 183 ALBERT A. SMITH, the young colored artist who has just gone to Paris to finish his education, was trained in the public schools of New York and the Ethical Culture High School and has stud ied at the National Academy of Design. In the last school he has twice won the Suyden Bronze Medal, besides honorable mention and a first and third prize in etching, and also a Chaloner Prize in competition with art students of the United States. Smith is a chauffeur, a musician playing three instruments, and an artist. Two of his etchings, including the one here reproduced, were accepted for the Spring exhibition of the National Academy of Design. "PLANTATION MELODIES." AFTER 184 Albert Smith THE ETCHING BY ALBERT A. SMITH 185 186 THE CRISIS that he was half crazy he had ben work ing for this same Haywood 11 Years, and i talked with M r Haywood my self and he said that he was one of the best Negroes he ever had working f;r him he further stated that he never did resent from any thing he told him to do, always done it with pleasure. "After they run him off from the house that evening the Negro come back to the house that night and layed 20 feet from the house in bushes listing at all they said about him, and he also said that he was going up to the house to see M r Haywood, but after he saw so many Automobiles all around the house and up the road that he would not go in the house. "He seam to think that M r Haywood was still his friend and he said after then he come on through Wrightsville the next day and went on to Wadley Ga and after working there 3 days he went back up to Sunhill Ga and went to plowing, and the white folks from here was all over the woods Day and night looking for him and put out a $200.00 reward for his Capture, and a pemp Negro working for Bailiff Rowland heard that Jim Waters was at Sunhill Ga, and he goes up there and Locates him and then notify the Bailiff Rowland about it and him and Police Tapley goes up there and get him and places him in jail on Tuesday night about 9 O Clock. "And he stayed there all night, and crouds of white mens was going down to the jail all night talking with him, and while the croud was talking with him that night, Jim said, I wish that Mr Haywood would hurrah up and come on and get me out so i can go home and go to plowing, and one white man said yes Dam it you want never plow No more unless you plow in HELL. "They said all kind of bad thing to him and cursed him, and then Wednesday morn ing Sheriff Rowland phone Sheriff Watson of Learance County Dublin, Ga to come over here and get Jim Waters and carry him to Dublin, as the crime claimed to ben commited in Learance County and not in Johnson. "So sheriff Watson stated, let M r Oscar Smith have him a little country Deputy Sheriff living 11 miles from town. And as he starts off from town at 8. O Clock with him he claimed that the mob stopped him about 3 Miles from Wrightsville. A t Aikins Chapel a colored church, and takes him there and lynch him. "And just about all the white mens in town was out there hardly no clerks in the stores. Autumobiles full and after the lynching little white children all over town playing with the empty shells from the pistols that done the lynching. "And Mr Haywood stated on the street that he talked with the Negro before they lynched him, and he said he said that the Devil made him commit that crime. "Just as the croud was fixting to lynch him. they ask M r Haywood did he want to shoot him first then he shot him, and it seam not to kill quick enough and his boy 17 years old, supposed tj be, said hell let rr.e shoot him, and he walked right up to him and put his pistol right at his HEART and shot him dead, and cursed him, and jim hung down there all the evening and his mother and father come and got him and while taking him down from the tree his mother said o lord my poor son, and a white man M r Lee Barns stated To hell with your D Son. "So gentlems we hardy know what to do here in the South. A lots of the Negroes are leaving here now for the North, in great numbers. "Race riots do not stop them at all. "OBLIGE." AFTER A READING OF "DARKWATER" ELIZABETH CURTIS HOLMA N I DID not think . . . I did not know . . . What pale excuse is this I make In answer to my brother's woe. Age-long, for deep injustice sake! Across his mute and patient soul, While I have gone my heedless way, The shadows of a fate might roll That deepened night and darkened day. . . . But I have read a burning page, That glowed with white and soul-wrung fire, And now no more I may engage M y conscience with a feeble hire. For all the wrong I did not heed, Chance-born in happier paths to live, I cry unto my brother's need One word of love and shame . . . forgive! The Looking Glass LITERATURE THOMAS CURTIS CLARK in Unity: They are not dead, the soldiers fallen here; Their spirits walk throughout the world today; They still proclaim their message far and near: "Might is not right; God's truth must have its way!" The cold, damp soil cannot these heroes hide, These knightly lads who did not fear to die That liberty and freedom still might bide: Weep not for them, though here they lowly lie. Go forth and tell their message to the world; In vain their fight, in vain the foe withstood, Unless above all kingdoms be unfurled The pure white flag of love and brotherhood. * * * We have received Mammy's Chillun and Other Poems by U . G. Wilson, an Address on Ethnology by Prof. U . S. M . Maxwell, and The Negro's Reaction to the World War by Prof. Robert T. Kerlin. Professor Kerlin's paper was read before the Southern Sociological Congress in Washington, D. C. He concludes: I do not declare whether race-consciousness as we see it developing in the colored people of our land is a good or an evil thing, whether it augurs well or ill, is a blessing or a curse. I only note it as a momentous sociological fact. But I append this one comment: That, if it means alienation—yea, as the signs read, hostility; if it means separation of interests—yea, as the signs read, warfare of interests, with the bitter sentiment that "my gain is your loss, my loss your gain"; if it means a struggle, now for equality, and later, under the goading sense of age-long injustices and barbarities, for supremacy—who, then, can think on the subject but with shuddering? Who that loves his country and humanity and has at heart the common welfare—yea, who that knows aught of his own interests-&gt;-but will take thought, deep, sincere, searching thought, to discover and pursue a way of successful living together? * * * Harper and Brothers issue The Negro Faces America by Herbert J. Seligmann. A review of this book will appear later. AMRITSAR r T" , H E report of the Hunter Committee on Amritsar recalls old stories and starts new OIKS. The committee which was composed of five British and three Indian investigators differed in their findings to such an extent that two reports—a majority and a minority—have practically been submitted. Helena Normanton says in the Nation: Interest will center first upon Dyer's massacre owing to its sensationally dramatic character. That a British General could pitilessly exhaust his ammunition upon thousands of unarmed and unwarned Indians squatting upon the ground at an open air meeting, leave the dead unburied and the dying untended, and forbid for a number of hours even their removal by means of a Curfew Order is something new to civilization. The Majority Report admits: On the evidence before us there is nothing to show that the outbreak in the Punjab was part of a pre-arranged conspiracy to overthrow the British Government in India by force. We think it distinctly improbable—notwithstanding what General Dyer said in his evidence—that the crowd gathered in the Jallianwala Bagh would have dispersed upon notice being made that they should do so and much more likely that recourse to firing would have been necessary to secure obedience to his proclamation (i. e., forbidding public meetings) . . . notice to disperse would have afforded those assembled in ignorance of the proclamation and other people also an opportunity to leave the Bagh and should have been given. If the notice had been disregarded General Dyer would have been justified in firing on the crowd to compel it to disperse. In continuing to fire for so long as he did it appears to us that General Dyer committed a grave error. . . . We believe that he honestly considered that he was called" upon in the discharge of his duty to take the extreme step which he did. .. . In continuing to fire as long as he did it is evident that General Dyer had in view not merely the dispersal of the crowd that had assembled contrary to his orders, but the desire to produce a moral effect in the Punjab. .. . In our view this was unfortunately a mistaken conception of his duty. If necessary a crowd that has assembled contrary to a proclamation issued to prevent or terminate disorder may have to be fired upon; but continued firing upon 187 188 THE that crowd cannot be justified because of the effect such firing may have upon people in other places It has not been proved to us that any wounded people were in fact exposed to unnecessary suffering from want of medical treatment. The action taken by General Dyer has also been described by others as having averted a rebellion on a scale similar to the Mutiny. It does not, however, appear to us possible to draw this conclusion particularly in view of the fact that it is not proved that a conspiracy to overthrow British power had been formed prior to the outbreaks. * * # "Whitewash!" says Miss Normanton. The evidence published by the Indian National Congress, collected from victims of the massacre, substantiate her opinion. The editor of Young India writes: General Dyer was called in to take charge of Amritsar. The first thing that he did after his arrival in the town was to make various arrests. He then issued a proclamation making it unlawful for people to gather in meetings, processions, or in groups of four persons. "There is abundant evidence," the Report claims, "to show that very few citizens knew anything about it," and many of the villagers who had come streaming into the city for the Hindu New Year's Day knew nothing of the proclamation. The Report claims that the meeting held that afternoon was purposely organized by one Hans Raj, who later turned out to be a Government agent, with the view of attracting as large a gathering into the restricted enclosure as possible, and then subjecting them to what General Dyer was disposed to call "the most merciful treatment" by "a rain of 1,650 bullets," according to his own testimony. After the Amritsar massacre the reign of martial law began. It was enforced in a variety of ways: "(1) The street in which Miss Sherwood was assaulted was set apart for flogging people and for making those who passed through it to crawl on their bellies. (2) Al l were made to salaam, in theory English officers only, but in practice every Englishman, on pain of being arrested and suffering indignities. (3) Flogging was administered, publicly and otherwise, even for trivialities. (4) Al l the lawyers of the town were made special constables without cause and made to work like ordinary coolies. (5) Indiscriminate arrests were effected of persons, irrespective of status, and during detention they were subjected to humiliations, discomforts, and indescribable tortures for the purpose of extorting confession or evidence, or for the purpose of merely humiliating them. (6) Special tribunals were formed for trying offenses which resulted in gross injustice in the name of law, leaving the aggrieved parties without a right of appeal." In Lahore the same cruelty prevailed. A body of 500 students in the city were made CRISIS to carry their bedding on their heads and walk about seventeen miles in the hot summer sun to report for roll call four times a day. * * * The English press-is not unanimous out the Manchester Guardian takes an unequiv ocal stand. It says: Let us in justice remark, first, that Anglo-Indian opinion is by no means unanimous. The Times of India, which is perhaps the weightiest representative, particularly of official opinion, agrees fully with Mr. Montagu's verdict, and only pleads for forgiveness on both sides. The Indian Daily News upholds the Minority Report, and the Civil and Military Gazette accepts that of the majority, though apparently with reservations. Un the other hand, the Pioneer is convinced that General Dyer will have the whole-hearted sympathy of the vast majority of his countrymen in India. We picture a man coolly directing rifle-fire upon a helpless crowd struggling to escape through narrow alleys, picking out the spots where the crowd was thickest as the best targets, and we are asked to believe that the vast majority of Anglo-Indians, when they form this picture in their minds, will experience a whole-hearted sympathy with such a man. If this is really the feeling of many English people in India, it is certain that they are not fit to be in India. The country must have got on their nerves. The Statesman, once noted for liberalism and independence, and the Englishman, which is supposed to be representative of the planters, both defend General Dyer on the ground that be prevented worse things. at, we wonder, could have been worse for the name of Britain than the "crawling order"? If anyone wanted to poison forever the relations between the races, could he do better than devise the utter humiliation of forcing men—charged with no crime —to wriggle to and from their homes on their stomachs through the filth of the street? This is the sort of indignity that might be invented by a malicious schoolboy with a twist in his nature. Are we to take it as the considered opinion of the average Anglo-Indian planter that it is the kind of thing that is "good enough for Indians"? If so, the said planters need to begin their education over again. For us the lesson is clear. It is not till Indians obtain effective self-government that they will be safe against the insults and injuries which such a state of mind may put upon them. That such opinions can be expressed in organs of repute shows that, for all our boasted political capacity, men of our race are no more to be trusted in a position of privilege and superiority over another race than any of the "lesser breeds without the law." The psychology of these classes is only too clear. They are afraid, and that is why they uphold violence and cruelty. They are afraid because they are conscious of treating their Indian fellow-subjects with contempt and THE LOOKING GLASS J. Arthur Hamlett, editor of thesometimes with scant justice, and, being a minority, they go in fear of retaliation. Christian Index, writes to REFUTATION THE deliberate attempt of the Chicago A Tribune to fasten the blame for the riots in connection with the "Back to Africa" movement on Dr. Du Bois and the N. A. A. C. P. has resulted in a host of answers from both white and colored lovers of justice. The editor of the Minneapolis, Minn., Appeal writes: The Chicago Tribune, which for years has done everything in its power to stir up race prejudice, laid the cause of the trouble to the writings of Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois and the N. A. A. C. P. and in a bitter editorial intimated that these influences were endeavoring to force "social equality", whatever that may mean. It is not likely that three men in all the motley crowd even knew that there is such a person in the world as Du Bois. Then came some colored men who played into the Tribune's hands by giving out interviews which either denounced Du Bois or damned him with faint praise by saying that his philosophy was all right for high brows but dangerous for the men in the ordinary walks of life. One of the most disgusting of these is alleged to have been given by Mr. Anderson, said to be one of the assistant editors of the Chicago Defender. We trust Mr. Anderson did not say what was ascribed to him, as from his talk the readers of the Tribune would be led to infer that he was an advocate of segregation of every kind. And then he commented on intermarriage which really had no place in the controversy, having been interjected by the Tribune without any reason whatever. Mr. Anderson appears to have done some queer talking when he said he was very anxious to keep the African blood pure as, so The Appeal is informed, Mr. Anderson is more white than black, one parent having been of pure Caucasian ancestry and the other more than half white. Al l that talk should have been left unsaid. The Tribune writer garbled the story of "The Comet" from Du Bois' book, "Darkwater", and made it appear that the point was "the mating of a white woman and a Negro from which a new race will spring." This is absolutely false. The colored hero who saved the life of a white woman had no thought of mating with the woman as he was already the husband of a brown woman and the father of a dark baby. The story ends with the pathetic meeting of the father and the mother who held in her arms the corpse of their dead baby. Prof. Du Bois has never taught treason and that was the cult of the miscreants who burned the American flag. He has advocated a fight by legal means for the removal of the hindrances which hamper the progress of the colored people. Dr. Du Bois from Evanton, 111.: Prof. Coe, of Columbia University, was in Evanston this week and spoke at Garrett Biblical Institute to a white audience, with two or three exceptions. He discussed the article in the Chicago Tribune and severely criticised the attitude of the paper in trying to connect you with the disturbance. He paid you a very high compliment, also your book and the great work you are doing in giving expression to the feeling and ambitions of black people, and directed the white audience to give more attention to the condition which calls forth such writings and utterances from you and others. He insisted that the cause be treated instead of the symptoms. * * * B. K. Armstrong, a colored social worker, writes in the Chicago News: It is not writings such as those of Dr. Du Bois that have aroused the spirit of radicalism in the colored race, but the constant oppression of our people. The Negro is not planning or plotting an annihilation of the white race. He wants only his place in the sun. He wants political equality. Unfortunately whenever a movement for political equality is started, enemies of the race cry out that that means social equality, and it comes to nothing. * * * "Darkwater" inspired this letter from Robert D. Seward, a young college student of Kalamazoo, Michigan: In books I have found much—friends, kindly councilors. . . . What part your book may play in my life I cannot tell and may never know. I am by no means a fatalist but it seems to me in my sober hours that only the Guiding Good can determine the place and the kind of my life work. At present I tell myself that I will have a year in Harvard, one or two in France, one or two in Japan as a teacher. There? Perhaps. But I cannot be sure. I might remain in Japan. There, it seems to me will be the most vital social changes of the world within the next few years. If I should return to America I believe I should find great satisfaction in helping the Negro people in some way. I can say with as much truth as for any people that I love the Negro people. I have not the faith and experience to see the good in the common crowd as they pass but I have love and faith enough to want to see that good and to sincerely try. I am fortunate I think with regard to my feeling toward Negroes. My mother had a liking and a respect for them. She used to tell sometimes about a college classmate of hers, a Negro, who was tarred and feathered for trying to teach in the South. From her I gained a great childish respect for the few Negroes I knew. So I have never had the misfortune to be brought up with a 190 THE stupid prejudice. As I have said I cannot tell my life work but if not directly for Negroes I will earnestly try to help solve said Dr. Reed. "And he can find it in the problemI  by getting white folksit  to have Liberia.found so, the good sense to keep still about their prejudices, as my father has done, so as not to inflict them on their children. THE NEGRO PRESS SPEAKS THE Pittsburgh American, ON Pittsburgh, Pa., quotes the SELLIN G Negro Associated Press: TH E VOTE Delegate venality is evidently on the wane. A t least one gets the impression that it is fast disappearing from the infrequent gossip concerning its prevalence among the colored men who have been numbered as working forces in the Chicago Republican Convention. No Africa, of Madagascar, of Morocco, Dixmude,National Convention in which colored men the Dardanelles,have been active participants has been so free of the charge of this disgusting practice as this year's national gathering ox the chieftains of the party. Heretofore charges of venal practices have been counted as outstanding features of the part the colored men have played in the varying deliberations of the conflicting elements seeking to shape polices and name candidates. Even the names of men popularly placed beyond the reach of unsavory implication have been dragged before the public gaze and exhibited as clear-cut examples of prostituted political activity. The result has been a distinct loss of respectful consideration and a criminal dissipation of political influence. The turning of the road has been reached. A new situation has made its bow and a firmer place of respect is about to be found for colored men in the higher councils of the Republican party. Younger men with fixed policies and clearer vision have come upon the scene. Threadbare traditions have to the almost universal attitude of the been cast into the waste basket of our Germans we quote this extract from the thinking and in their place has come the Christian Pilgrim, a paper determination to honestly fit in the machinery which operates the working of the general government. Our hope for the future is to be found in whatever makes for the sounder maintenance of Republican institutions. Because white men of uncertain knowledge of their social responsibility practice bribery is no reason why colored men should fall to the level of the bribed. * * * The Texas Freeman, Houston, O N Tex., says: FARMING A farm of 25 acres of fine IN LIBERIA land is given by the Liberian government to every Negro from America, according to Dr. John H . Reed, of Monrovia, Liberia, now in this country. In this land abundant crops of coffee, sweet potatoes, rice, wheat, cocoa, or rubber can be raised, and there are good an entrance into the temple of Deoli (British India).markets for them when harvested. CRISIS "Unlimited opportunity for progress is what the American Negro seems to want," and so will every other colored man who goes there and does his part. Liberia needs American Negroes and American Negroes need Liberia." THE SENEGALESE AGAIN GENERA L DEGOUTTE, in charge of the Allied Forces occupying the Rhine country, says in La Petite Gironde, Bordeaux, France, on the occasion of the departure of the Senegalese for Asia Minor: It is with the deepest regret that I see the last of these men. They have always shown themselves deserving of their glowing reputation. The conquests of Central the Somme, the Aisne, Verdun and the Avre, constitute their titles to glory. Through the cordiality, simplicity and good humor which they have displayed in their relations with the inhabitants of the countries they have occupied, they have won the good will of all they have met. The propaganda of hate against everything French has not affected them. They proudly point to the purity of their customs, the lofty ideals of their duty as men and soldiers and to their glorious past, in answer to the accusations of people who forget only too well their own crimes in Africa, France and Belgium. I salute their flag which though new is already shining with glory. * * * La Petite Gironde continues: The mention made by the General of propaganda refers to America, whose prejudice against Negroes is well known. In contrast published by the German clergy: "The black troops in occupation have on the whole conducted themselves very credit ably. What complaints have been made have been directed against that shameless group of young German women who are not so much afraid of being seduced as of failure to seduce others." * * * A Havas dispatch says: The departure of the Senegalese troops took place unmarked by the slightest disturbance. Some of the German women brought the soldiers flowers. * * * Meanwhile the Paris Temps remarks: Some English officers have been arrested and will be held for court-martial. They have been charged with stirring up strife among the Hindus and with having forced The Horizon COMPILED BY MADELINE G . ALLISON MUSIC AND ART NEGROE S at Lynchburg, Va., have given the drama "Rahab" at the Academy of Music, under the direction of Mrs. Frances Cox. The receipts were $1,035. C A recital has been given at Steinert Hall, Boston, Mass., by pupils of Mme. Grace P. Carter. Notable among participants was Ella D. Halsey who rendered "Before the Crucifix" and "The Cry of Rachael" with "a singularly rich contralto voice and a compelling personality to which was added perfect poise and technique." The Colored Actors' and Performers' Association of New York City has been granted a charter. The organization has been formed to provide a clubhouse and promote mutual interest and development. C Roland Hayes has given a recital at Aeolian Hall, London. The Daily Telegraph says of the Negro spirituals on his program: "It is still to be regretted that our audiences persist in treating these lovely things as comic songs. Perhaps Mr. Hayes will add more of them to his next program, for this is music we cannot make for ourselves." The Morning Post says that Mr. Hayes delivered Puccini's "Che Gelida Manina", in Italian, and Beethoven's "Adelaide" with extreme refinement and "set an example which many English singers would do well to copy, by combining clear diction with unbroken phrasing." C The New England Conservatory of Music graduates Bcrnice A. Bonner, who has gained exceptional distinction in pianoforte, harmony and ensemble. C William Ellis, a colored youth at Fort Smith, Ark., has made a water color painting of Douglass Fairbanks. The picture has been purchased by the New Theatre. C Eunice Thompson graduates from the school music course at Oberlin Conservatory. C Mrs. Mae Puryear Guy, soprano, has given a recital at Beloit College, Wisconsin. C Mary Ross Dorsey, elocutionist, has given at Boston, Mass., her fifth annual recital. Mrs. Dorsey was assisted by Mme. Antoinette Games, coloratura soprano of Chicago, and the choir of Union Baptise Church. G At the Music Club, Boston, Mass., an "Imaginary Dance" from an "Imaginary Suite" was rendered from an original manuscript by Marietta Bonner, a colored student C J. Rosamond Johnson and his Inimitable Five have appeared at the B. F. Keith's Palace Theatre, New York. Sam M'Kee in the Morning Telegraph says of the act: "There wouldn't be much of a race problem if all Uncle Sam's children were the same fine type of American native citizen as J. Rosamond Johnson and his fellow players." C The Board of Education at Birmingham, Ala., has appointed Kathleen P. Howard as Supervisor of Music in colored schools. Miss Howard is a graduate from the Music Course at Fisk. POLITICS REPUBLICANS of the 21st District, Philadelphia, Pa., have elected Washington L. Glenn as a member of the 26th Ward Executive Committee against two white candidates. At the time of his election Mr. Glenn was Registrar for the District, having served 8 years. C Mrs. John B. Hall, a colored citizen of Ward 13, Boston, Mass., has been selected to represent the Sixth Suffolk Senatorial District in the Women's Division of the Republican State; Committee. CAt Hamtramack, Mich., Thomas W. Anderson, a Negro, was elected a member of the Board of Review on the Republican ticket. Mr. Anderson is water inspector and clerk of the Common Council. C A t Providence, R. I., the Julia Ward Howe Republican Women's State Organization has been formed to work in conjunction with the Women's State Republican 191 192 THE Committee. Mrs. Bertha G. Higgins was elected president. MEETINGS AT the 12th annual session of the California State Conference of Social Agencies, Mrs. Beatrice Thompson, a colored woman, spoke on the "Education of Colored People". (I Two summer conferences have been held by the National Board of the Y. W. C. A. in the interest of colored work. One was at Jackson College, Jackson, Miss., for student and city work; the other was at the National Training School, Durham, N C , for student work. The total attendance was 212. The girls represented 15 states, 7 denominations and nearly 100 schools, as compared with 40 schools represented at the Talledega Student Conference a year ago. The program lasted 10 days and included recreation, technical classes, group meetings and lectures. A pageant entitled "The Light of Women" was presented at both conferences. The author is Frances Gunner, a colored city secretary. This subject was the history of Negro women. The cost of the conferences, $2,000, was borne largely by the National Board. G The 13th annual convention of Colored Graduate Nurses will be held at Tuskegee Institute, Ala., August 17-20. C The National Negro Business League will convene in Philadelphia, Pa., August 18-20. THE CHURCH CENTRAL BAPTIST CHURCH at Pittsburgh, Pa., in a drive raised $77,436—$2,000 more than the goal. The pastor is the Rev. W. Augustus Jones. C Ebenezer Baptist Church at Pittsburgh, Pa., has raised $21,000 in cash toward a $30,000 goal. The Rev. J. C. Austin is pastor. C The 46th annual session of the New England Baptist Missionary Convention has been held in Baltimore. A. J. Carey was elected president. C The name of the Freedmen's Aid Society of the M. E. Church has been changed to "The Board of Education for Negroes". A n educational director is to be appointed to supervise teachers and curriculum. Additional appropriations amounting to $50,000 have been made to institutions to cover CRISIS necessary increases in salaries and the extension of the work of teachers. This brings the appropriations for all purposes of school operation to $295,000, which is an advance of $150,000 over that of eight years ago. (I The Rev. John P. Wragg has been appointed Agency Secretary for the Colored People of the United States at the American Bible Society in New York. G. The Rev. Frank A. Pinanko has been made general superintendent of missionary work of the A. M. E. Zion Church at Gold Coast, West Africa. C The Bishop's Council of the C. M . E . Church has elected Bishops N . C. Cleaver of St.. Louis, Charles H. Phillips of Nashville and Dr. Charles H. Phillips, Jr., of St. Louis, as delegates to the World's Ecumenical Conference of Methodism which will convene in London, England, next year. NATIONAL URBAN LEAGUE REPLIE S to 111 questionnaires sent by the New York Urban League to firms which employ more than 500 persons each, asking that Negroes be given a chance in skilled work, indicate wider industrial opportunity. One company said that heretofore Negroes had asked only for jobs as porters. The Brooklyn Urban League made a survey seeking opportunities for work with about 300 factories in Brooklyn. Several of the replies indicated that the only reason for not employing colored labor was the fact that colored men and women had never applied. (I William N. Evans of the Chicago Urban League has been lecturing on "How to Handle Negro Labor" at the International Harvester Company's School for foremen. After the seventh lecture a decidedly improved relationship between foremen and colored workmen was seen, and the latter are being advanced to skilled positions—a consideration never before accorded colored workmen by this company. Mr. Evans has secured the placement of a colored woman in charge of women workers at the Alter Light Company's Plant which employs 100 girls. C Emma V. Carter, Women's Employment Secretary of the Armstrong Association, last year induced 28 girls to enter the Philadelphia Trade School for Girls. These workers are being absorbed by factories as rapidly as they finish their course of training. IDS THE HORIZON C At the convention of the American Federation of Labor in Montreal, Abraham Lefkowitz, a member of the Executive Board of the National Urban League and President of the New York Teachers' Union, secured the adoption of the following resolution which is a part of those prepared at his request by the National Urban League: "Resolved, That Negro organizers be appointed where necessary to organize Negro workers under the banner of the American Federation of Labor." C The Atlanta Urban League has a force of 4 workers: Lemuel Foster, Executive Secretary; Cyrus Campfield, Industrial Secretary; Hildonia Canady and Mae Maxwell, Assistant Industrial and Room Registry Secretaries. Mr. Camprield conducts for boys a club called the "Urban League's Banking Scouts", which requires an admission card for membership. The card is a bank book, and recruits are sought particularly among underprivileged boys. At the convention at Toronto of the International Big Brother and Big Sister Association, Mr. Campfield was elected a member of the Executive Board. CThe baby contest conducted by the Pittsburgh Urban League disclosed a hopeful health condition. Seven out of 40 babies registered 100 per cent, and 16 won prizes. The examinations were conducted by representatives from the City Child Welfare Bureau, the Public Health Nursing Association and the Irene Kaufman Settlement. G The St. Louis Urban League uses two public schools as recreation centers. Its free dental clinic for school children has saved parents over $3,000 during the year— not to mention the benefits reaped by the children in comfort and better health. C The Harlem Branch of the New York Public Library has accepted several colored girls on fellowships while training them for positions in the library. C The Kansas City Community Service Urban League has been formed by merging the Urban League and the Community Service, Inc., of that city. An Executive Secretary and necessary assistants will be employed. EDUCATION FOU R Negroes have been awarded $1,200 Rosenwald fellowships offered by the General Education Board for graduate study in medicine,—-Dr. W. S. Quinland, Harvard; Dr. Theodore K. Lawless, Northwestern; Doctors Carrie J. Sutton and George W. Adams, Howard. CJohn B. Beckham, the only Negro in a class of 89 graduates from the Redlands, Cal., High School, is graduated with honor. GLorimer D. Milton, A. M. Brown DR. CARRIE J. SUTTON University, was awarded second premium of the Lucius Lyon prize. This prize is given on a basis of a special examination in Latin or Roman literature or history. C J. Harmon Wilson, B.S., graduates from Ohio State University as a member of the national fraternity of the Kappa Alpha Psi and of the biological, chemical and physiological research societies of the university. He is the first Negro at this institution to be elected a member of the Phi Beta Kappa. G Lillian Jones, a graduate from the West Philadelphia High School, won a prize for fancy dancing, this being her second annual award. Miss Jones interpreted Nevin's "Narcissus". C Helen E. Fairfax of the Williamsport, Pa., High School, the only colored graduate among 200, won second honors. C H . H . Donald graduates from Yale with the Master of Arts degree. G Eldridge L. Goodwin graduates from Englewood High School, Chicago, at the age of 15. A t Little Rock, Ark., Dorothy Gillam graduates from the M. W. Gibbs High School at the age of 15. G The Y. M. C. A. College, Chicago, graduates Gordon H . Simpson who was president of his class. Mr. Simpson was Distribution Clerk, Canadian Government Department of Mines, 1910-16, and Regimental Sergeant-Major, 803rd Pioneer Infantry, U. S. Army, 1918-19; he has been a worker at the Wabash Avenue Y. M. C. A. G Percy L. Julian, honor graduate of De Pauw University, has accepted a position in the College of Liberal Arts at Fisk University. C Irvin C. Mollison, A.B., University of Chicago, was elected to membership in Beta Chapter, Phi Beta Kappa. C Bertha M . Black of the Fort Wayne, 194 THE Ind., High School is the sixth colored gradu ate in 56 years. C David N. Crosthwait, Jr., is the first Negro to be awarded the advanced degree in Mechanical Engineering from Purdue University. He has been promoted from drafts man with the C. A. Dunham Company, Marshalltown, Iowa, to the position of re search engineer. G Honorary degrees of Doctor of Music and Doctor of Laws were conferred, re spectively, upon H. T. Burleigh and John Hope by Howard University. G Williams College conferred upon Dr. R. R. Moton the honorary degree of Doctor of Laws. G Mrs. Violet N . Anderson, a colored graduate of the Chicago Law School, has been admitted to the Illinois Bar. For 15 years Mrs. Anderson has been a successful court stenographer. G H. W. Mosely, Jr., a colored sophomore in the high school at New Haven, Conn., won second prize in the annual oratorical contest. Mr. Mosely is the first Negro to enter this contest. C Atlanta University has defeated Howard University in an inter-collegiate debate. The subject was "Resolved: That the United States Should Own and Operate the Railroads of the Country." Atlanta defended the negative. Herbert A. Greenwood, '20, and Richard D. Stinson, '21, represented Atlanta. Howard also lost to Lincoln. We regret to announce the recent death of Mr. Stinson. G The General Education Board of the Rockefeller Foundation makes for colored schools the appropriation of $500,000 for general endowment and $443,500 for current expenses and equipment. G Colored schools in North Carolina have held a field ?nd track meet which was attended by 10 000 people. There were 3,000 entrants. Daniel School won the championship with 29 points. Pictures of the meet, for screen use were taken by Pathe and the Illustrated News. G Hampton Institute has changed its curriculum. The 4 year agricultural course is replaced by a 3 year collegiate course based on 4 years of secondary work; the trade school is revised so as to distribute time more satisfactorily between academic and vocational subjects; the academic normal course is replaced by a 6 year course including 4 years of secondary work, followed CRISIS by 2 years of professional training; the business course is strengthened by the requirement of 2 years of preliminary work. G Neil Scott, freshman at Central High School, Shreveport, La., is photographer for his school. C Raymond Lamar is winner of the silver loving cup offered by the Atlanta Journal to the best speller in the colored public schools. Sixty boys and girls competed in a test which lasted one hour and twenty minutes. G Harry S. Blackiston at the age of 23 graduates from the University of Pennsylvania with the degree of Ph.D. He is the youngest graduate Ph.D. in the history of this institution. Mr. Blackiston was awarded: the William P. Henzey and the Mayor's scholarships, 1913-17; George Schleicher prize in German, 1916-17; University scholarship in German, 1917-18; Harrison scholarship in German and the University scholarship, 1919. C Atlanta University sent out 13 Bachelors of Arts and 22 normal graduates. G Mary E. Link, completing her third year's work, has been elected to the Phi Beta Kappa at the University of Chicago where she won an entrance scholarship and at the close of her first year was awarded the Gertrude Seltz Scholarship for the highest average among freshmen women. A t the end of her second year she received Honorable Mention for distinction in her work in the Junior College and was awarded an Honor Scholarship. G Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, a national organization founded at Howard University, has celebrated its sixth anniversary. The fraternity has 12 chapters and 650 members. The annual convention will be held at Richmond, Va., December 26-28, 1920. G The Finance Committee of the Board of Education in Atlanta, Ga., has increased salaries of colored school teachers, which places them on the same salary basis as white teachers. G The University of Pennsylvania graduates Esther L. Butler, Virginia M. Alexander and Julia M. Polk as Bachelors of Science with creditable records. Miss Polk has secured a position in the Public Schools of Camden, N. J. Miss Alexander won a scholarship to the Women's Medical College of Philadelphia. THE HORIZON (I Four teachers of Howard University have been granted sabbatical leave during 192021:—Professor Charles H . Wesley of the Department of History has been awarded an Austin Teacher's Scholarship in Harvard University and will study for a Ph.D.; Professor Martha MacLear of the School of Education will study at Columbia University, being registered for the degree of Ph.D.; Professor Thomas W. Turner, Acting Dean of the School of Education and Professor of Applied Biology, will continue research in Vegetable Physiology at Cornell University; Professor George W. Hines, Assistant Professor in the School of Commerce and Finance, will attend the University of Washington, at Seattle. (I Edwina Kruse has resigned her position as principal of the colored Howard High School, Wilmington, Del., and will be succeeded by Ray Wooten. Miss Kruse was made principal emeritus of the school. C Congress appropriated for Howard University during 1919-1920, $121,937; for 1920-21 the sum has been raised to $243,000. With student fees added, the budget totals $366,000. C Mrs. Coralie Franklin Cook has been reappointed to the Board of Education at Washington, D. C. Mrs. Cook is colored and the only member to serve 3 consecutive terms. INDUSTRY THE People's Building and Loan Association, conducted by Negroes at Hamp ton, Va., has declared a 7 per cent, dividend. C Beresford Gale, fiscal agent of the col ored Hotel Dale Company of Philadelphia, sold $100,000 of the company's stock in 100 days. C A cooperative investment company has been formed by Negroes in Middlesex County, Va., to engage in real estate, farm buy ing and merchandising. William M . Rich, cashier of the Brown Savings and Banking Company at Norfolk, is the leader. C The 21st annual statement of the colored North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Company records: total income, $1,662,527; as sets, $774 935, with $300,000 invested in Liberty Bonds; it has $26,534,549 worth of insurance in force. (I James Miller, a Negro 31 years of age, has been elected over two white opponents as a member of the House of Representatives of the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Com pany at Akron, Ohio, where 25,000 persons, mostly white, are employed, d A syndicate of 35 Negroes in Atlanta, Ga., has paid $120,000 and purchased the unsold stock of the Great Southern Fire Insurance Company. Mr. W. C. Thomas was elected president and the Rev. L . A . Townsley, secretary. (1 The United Community Stores have been opened by Negroes in Philadelphia, Pa., as a chain grocery and meat business capitalized at $100,000. Connected with the concern are Dr. W. H. Moses, the Rev. J. M. Moses, E. T. Atwell, R. R. Wright, Jr., Benjamin F. Ammons, John W. Goiens and Miss L. M. Wright. C. At Norfolk, Va., 3,138 out of 4,938 pupils in 8 colored schools have deposited since last February through the stamp saving system $7,827 and drawn out $1,367, leaving a balance of $6,459. Less than one-half of the white pupils are thrifters, in comparison with three-fourths of the colored children. C At Wilmington, Del., colored girl elevator operators have replaced men at the Du Pont Building, a 16-story structure covering a square, and at the Ford Building; 5 theatres are employing colored girls as ushers. THE GHETTO THE Board of Education at Crisfield, Somerset County, Md., has approved the following appropriation: $83,100 salaries for white teachers, $14,000 for colored; $1,500 for white supervisor, $750 for colored; white school building $7,000, colored $4,500. There are only 1,200 more white school children than colored. W. H. Dashiel is superintendent. CRIME THE following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Duluth, Minn., June 15, Isaac McGhee, Elmer Jackson, Nate Green; accused of attack on white girl. Rincon, Ga., June 21, Philip Gaithers, shot; murder. Enterprise, Miss., July 5, J. F. Spencer; fighting. Paris, Tex., July 6, Irving and Herman Arthur, burned; murder. Durham, N . C , July 10, Ed. Roach; attack on a white girl. SOCIAL PROGRESS AT the tenth annual session of the South Carolina Federation of Colored Women's Clubs, held in Camden, S. C , $11,577 was raised for education, charity and other purposes during the fiscal year. 196 THE G Mrs. Caseley Hayford, wife of the Hon. Caseley Hayford, is expected to arrive in New York from Sierra Leone during July. Mrs. Hayford is being sent by the Educational Committee of the Women of West Africa, to promote the interest of an Industrial Technical Training School for Girls— the first of its kind to be established on the West Coast. She will be accompanied by her niece, Miss Katherine Easmon, daughter of the late Dr. M . C. Farrell Easmon, principal medical officer of the Gold Coast. Miss Easmon is an associate of the Royal College of Art, London. Mrs. Hayford and Miss Easmon are well known on London platforms. They will appear in native costume and are the first West African women to lecture in America. C The branch of the N. A. A. C. P. at Columbus, Ohio, has secured in Judge Seidel's court a fine of $50 and costs for Mrs. Mayme Davis against the owner of a confectionery store on Russell Street for discrimination. G The Times, Trenton, N . J., is publishing a series of short historical sketches of prominent Negroes by Edna B. Henry. C Three colored nurses have been listed by the Visiting Nurse Service, New York City, in co-operation with the Maternity Centre Association, for work among Negroes. CI Mr. J. Merchant, a Negro employed at the United States Department of Agriculture, in the Bureau of Chemistry, has been appointed Federal Prohibition Agent and Analyst in the Central District, comprising Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Wisconsin. G The second colored notary public for Lenoir County, N . C , has been appointed by Governor Bickett in the person of Dr. W. A. Isler. G A complete venire of colored jurors was selected recently in Judge W. H. McChesney's court, St. Louis, Mo. G In Judge Myer's court, Los Angeles, Cal., Edwin M . Thompson and his wife have received a verdict of $100 against Walker D. Hines, Director General of Railroads, for discrimination in the dining car on a Southern Pacific train. E. Burton Ceruti, the colored attorney, found the following in the company's book of rules: "In states where the law does not compel special compartments for white and colored passengers, conductors should endeavor to induce the CRISIS latter, by one means or another, to eat at such time as white passengers are not being served. If, however, they decline to do so and there is room for them, they will have to be seated and served, but if possible this should be done at a table, if any in the car, which is enclosed with a curtain." C The Atlanta Branch of the N . A . A . C. P., with more than 3,000 members, raised $1,958 for the special expense fund of the Annual Conference. G The Armstrong Association in Philadelphia employs 3 full-time home and school visitors in Reynolds, Durham and Logan Schools where there are 5,000 colored pupils. During last year the organization secured work for Negroes in 31 different lines, estimated at $326,709. C The Pullman Car Company has established a course in first-aid training for its colored maids. The first maid nurse to be graduated is Mrs. Mabel Fitts. G The Indianapolis Tennis Club will hold a national tournament during the first week in August. Two $100 loving-cups, and gold medals will be awarded. FOREIGN THE Gold Cross Society has been formed at Geneva, Switzerland, for the purpose of exposing injustice to oppressed peoples and defending their rights before the League of Nations. C Twenty-two Negro martyrs for the faith in Uganda, under King Mwanga, have been beatified in the Basilica of St. Peter's in Rome. G The white Bishop of Zululand has presided over the Anglo-Catholic Congress at Albert Hall, London. He suggested a 72 hours' effort to raise $250,000 for foreign missions. The response was most enthusiastic and has been estimated at several thousand pounds. G At Accra, Gold Coast, West Africa, a fund of $500,000 has been authorized for delegations to the English Parliament in the interest of African rights. Gold Coast raised $35,000, to which it has added $15,000. G In London, George W. Lattimore, proprietor of the colored American Southern Syncopated Orchestra, has been awarded £1733 and costs against A . P. de Courville for alleged breach of contract. The orchestra after a successful tour in Scotland has opened its London season. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Howard University School of Medicine Including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutic Colleges 1867 - 1920 Dr. J. Stanley Durkee, President Edward A. Bat loch, M.D., Bean Next Session Opens October 1, 1920 MEDICAL COLLEGE ADMISSION Candidates for admission must be graduates of approved Colleges or Scientific Schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German, or graduates of recognized high schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German. INSTRUCTION The course of instruction occupies four years, and especial emphasis is laid upon practical work in the laboratories, in the wards of the Freedmen's Hospital and in the Dispensary. Full Corps of Instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. The Medical College is rated in Class A by the Council on Medical Education of the American Medical Association and is a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges. Eecognized by the Conjoint Board of England, THE DENTAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies four years. Unexcelled facilities for practical work. The advanced requirements will not go into effect until 1921. THE PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies three years and leads to the degree of Pharmaceutical Chemist. The annual announcement, application blanks and additional information concerning either course may be obtained by addressing WILLIA M C. McNEILL , Secretary Fifth and W Sts., N. W. "Washington, D. C. STATE OF NEW JERSEY HAMPTON INSTITUTE HAMPTON VIRGINIA MANUAL TRAINING &amp; REVISED COURSES NORMAL SCHOOL INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Two-year course, based on four-year secondary course. FOR COLORED YOUTH AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL BORDENTOWN, N. J. Collegiate course of 3 years (36 months), based on four-year secA high institution for the training of ondary course. colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome sur TRADE SCHOOL roundings. Academic trrining for all Four-year course in 11 trades; students. short course in 3 trades. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and BUSINESS SCHOOL trades for boys, including auto reFour-year course, based on two- pairing. year secondary course. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. HOME-ECONOMICS SCHOOL A new trades building, thoroughly Two-year course, based on four-equipped. year secondary course. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. ACADEMIC SCHOOL Four year secondary course; also Terms reasonable. preparatory course. Fall term opens September, 1920. For information address JAMES E. GREGG, D.D., Principal W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine,-modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar. High. Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY t: ATLANTA GA. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 325 Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a 6tamp. 30-DAY SYSTEM DERRICK BUSINESS SCHOOL 1435 CHESTNUT STREET. PHILADELPHIA. PA. Only School of Its Kind. ENROLL NOW FOR SUMMER COURSE ! Shorthand Bookkeeping Touch Typewriting Filing, Etc. M. J. DERRICK. Prin. and Mgr. --Principal. WANTED a thoroughly competent Tutor for eight year old boy. College graduate preferred. References required Address: M . G. % THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N Y. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York MOTHERS FIT YOUR DAUGHTERS FOR LIFE Now is the Time to "STUDY" the School to which you are going to send your daughters next Fall. THIS INSTITUTION IS DEEPLY CHRISTIAN It Permits No Shabby Work and Tolerates No Loose Habits SIXTH GRADE THROUGH THE NORMAL Together With VOCATIONAL TRAINING MUSIC ATHLETICS Our AIM is to turn out well-rounded women, trained in intellect and Disciplined in self-reliance THE TRAINING SCHOOL GIRL GOES BACK TO HER COMMUNITY PREPARED TO HELP LIFT THE STANDARDS OF LIVING. REQUIREMENTS: Sound in Health and Moral Character Not UNDER FIFTEEN Years of Age ABOVE the FIFTH GRADE Good record in institution formerly attended. SEND FOR CATALOG NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President Lincoln Heights Washington D. C. 1227 S. 17th ST., THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE PHILADELPHIA, PA. SHORTHAND TYPEWRITING BOOKKEEPING Ui 11- equip v. u t.. take it position in a Business Office In a short rime by taking our course In Bonn Pitman Shorthand. Touch Typewriting anil Practical Bookkeeping. Instructions given on the Multigraph Mimeograph and Adding Ma -Inn - Classes in Touch System of Typewriting organized every Monday. Closing Exercises of the summer school. ;,i Haven M E. Church. 23d and Oxford Sis., August 31st—Typewriters operated by blindfolded students. JOB WORK—We typewrite social and business tetters, circulars, postal cards, funeral notices, sermons, essays, poems, addresses and duplicate handwriting, mus c and drawings. EDWARD T. DUNCAN. President. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Newton Cyril a. Crichlow CRICHLOW &amp; BRAITHWAITE *• Braithwafte EXPERT SHORTHAND REPORTERS Verbatim Reports of CONVENTIONS, CONFERENCES, INVESTIGATIONS, HEARINGS, LECTURES, SERMONS, etc. Engagements accepted anywhere in the United States Teachers of Stenography and Typewriting at North Harlem Community House, 800 West 139th Street, New York, N. Y. Correspondence Courses to all parts of the world. 2297 Seventh Avenue Telephones 1128 Morningside 6817 Audubon New York, N. Y. Literary Leaders YOUNG WOMAN Wanted Intellectual, Social Uplift. Pleasant, dignified work. Good HERE IS YOUR CHANCE pay. Reference and small deposit required. Enroll NOW . NATIONAL LITERARY ASSOCIA GOOD POSITIONS-GOOD SALARIES TION, 1230 You St., N. W., Washington, D. C. Answer the Call for Social Workers and Enter the World's Greatest Field for Service Efficient, Earnest, Constructive Leaders are For a Selected List of Books bearing on the Negro Problem write The CRISIS. DEMAND We TTain for Christian Leadership—The 100 FINE CALLING CARDS 60 CTS. Only Kind of Leadership That Will Stand Neatly printed with your name and address. the Test in the Most fashionable styles and size's for ladies or NE W DAY . gentlemen. Your card represents you, therefore only the best quality should be used. Department open to those who have had. at Business and Professional Cards least, one year of training in a good High furnished in several styles appropriate for School. any business or profession at the following prices: 100 for 85 cents, 250 for $1.50, 600 Get Ready For Service for $2.35. Below are a few styles of our lettering: The	 World Needs YOU Mrs. George K. Franklin SEND FOR CATALOG NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL Mrs. John W. Andrew FOR WOMEN AND GIRLS Mr. Clifford Roy Langford Miss Nannie H . Burroughs, President Miss Christina Mae VanDyke Lincoln	 Heights, Washington, D. C. MR. FREDERICK A. HARRINGTON AGENTS WANTED Good pay can be earned taking orders for Tel. 6487 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben 	our cards. Pleasant, dignified and profitable spare time work. There is a big demand EDGAR P. BENJAMIN everywhere for Calling and Business Cards ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW and you will have no trouble in getting or34 School Street Boston, Mass. ders.- No experience necessary as we furnish instructions with outfit. All orders filled Telephone Connection promptly and sent prepaid. Write now for samples and agents' terms. The HOUSE OF CHOWNING, Indianapolis, Ind. TWO GREAT BOOKS for $2.50 NO LIBRARY COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM (1)	 The History of the Negro Race and Negro Soldiers in the Spanish-American War, Dating Back to Egypt and the Fharoas—400 pages, 60 illustrations. (Retails alone for $1.25.) Was adopted as a textbook by North Carolina State Board of Education. (2)	 The Pictorial History of the Negro in the Great World War, giving a brilliant historical sketch, a description of battle scenes by Colonel Haywood, of the Fighting Fifteenth New York, Capt. Marshall, Sergeant Steptoe, Ralph Tyler and others, with 150 excellent pictures of officers and men and war views. (Sells alone for $2.00.) Just Think, only $2.50 for these two great books. Agents wanted everywhere, large commissions paid ADDRESS* E. A. JOHNSON, 17 West 132nd Street, New York, N.Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Neither the mailed fist nor resolutions will cure the present state of unrest. But the everyday practice of the Business Golden Rule—'"To live and let live"—by all individuals, associations and corporations engaged in business will do much toward restoring confidence and contentment to the public. The Southern Aid Society of Va. , Inc., did not raise its rates of premiums during the war period—nor since. It did not reduce the benefits to its members by any form of evasion. It did not withdraw its Unmatched Policy of Full Coverage and Life Time Protection to its members— and as a result of this liberal treatment to its members, the Southern Ai d Society has now the good will of all its members and enjoys a larger patronage in its field of operation than ever before. Thousands of contented members are constantly expressing themselves like the following:— An Eminent Physician and Surgeon Writes , 267 W. Main St.. Charlottesville, Va., May 6th, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— It is my pleasure to state that I have been engaged in the practice of medicine in this city for about sixteen years. Having had ample opportunity to observe the great Southern Aid Society in action, noting their prompt payments and excellent business procedure. I take pride in recommending them as Above Them All . (Signedl Geo. R. Ferguson. M.D. Paid Claim After 3 Days Membership Anderson Ave., Danville, Va.. May 10th, 3 920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— This is to certify that my husband, Sam Watkins, was a member of the Southern Aid Society, receiving his policy on Monday, died on Wednesday, and I received his Death Claim on the following Monday. He had paid the Society only 50 cents dues, and I received $2S.75. I wish to say that the Southern Aid Society is the best company I know for the prompt payment of both sick and death claims. Wishing you continued success, I am, Very truly yours, (Signed) (Mrs.) Lizzie Watkins Weekly Benefits Each Week for 4 Years Prominent Physician Certifies to Fact 1607 Taylor St., Lvnchburg, Va., April 3, 1920. TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:— I. Laura Jackson, of 1607 Taylor St.. Lynchburg, Va., carry a policy, No. 62573, Premium 35 cents a week, with the Southern Aid Society of Va., was taken sick March 1, 1916, and have received my weekly benefits every week up to and including April 3, 1920. I recommend the Southern Aid Society to be prompt in their payments, and can say truthfully that they carry a perpetual paying policy. I have received during my illness the amount of $710.93. ( Signed ) Laura Jackson, (Witness) Irene Jackson. This is to certify that th  above statement is correct and that I have filed certificates each e week during M rs. Laura Jackson's illness. (Signed) J. A. Brown, M.D. No insurable person in Virginia should be without the Superior Policy issued by the— Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street Richmond, Va. District Offices and Agencies thruout the State. Policy provides protection against Sickness, Accidents and Death—All for One Premium. A. D. PRICE—Pres. B. L.JORDAN—Sec. W. A. JORDAN—Ass't Sec. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Cleota J. Collins Lyric Soprano "Judging from the appearance of a large number of music lovers, her sweet lyric voice held them spellbound. She was applauded again and again after each number."— Boston Chronicle. Address: 156 HAMILTON AVENUE, COLUMBUS, OHIO JOSEPHINE A. JUNIUS CONTRALTO "Miss Junius is the possessor of a Contralto voice, lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."—Oscar Saenger. Address 74 W. 142d ST. NEW YORK, N. Y. LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concerts Telephone 6393 Morningside 174 W. 136th Street New York, N. Y. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate of Institute of Musical Art Organist-Director of Music of St. Marks M . E . Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geolhius system. Studio: 185 W. 136th St., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. They Played For The Crowned Heads of Europe— They Are Now Playing For You! HELL FIGHTERS 360TII BAND, INC. IIKMi FIGHTERS 3C0TH ORCHESTRA Composed of the same musicians that maOo tliis band the sensation of Europe during the "WORLD WAR," ENGAGEMENTS SOLICITED Lieut, F. Eugene Mlkell, Conductor Jos. W. Grey, Mgr. W. Woodruff Chisum, Secretary 17(1 West 135th Street, New York N. Y. Clarence Cameron White Violinist Recitals, Concerts, Instruction Studio: 616 Columbus Avenue Boston, Mass. SONGS That the Whole Country Is Whistling! "I'VE COME BACK TO YOU." wonderful ballad. "CAN YOU FORGET," being featured by leading stage artists, "SHELL SHOCK SHAKE," on U. S. piano records "IN A GARDEN," sentimental ballad, "YOU SHO KNOW HOW TO STRUT YOUR STUFF " jazz melody. 25 cents per copy, or will mail the five numbers to you for only $1. Address Hell Fighters 369th Band, 176 W. 135th St.. New York N Y AskyourDealerfor thefollowing:NEW PHONOGRAPH RECORDS FROM THE CATALOG OF PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc. CT LOUIS BLUES Sung_ THAT THING CALLED LOVE,JHAT THING CALLED LOVE SungYOU CAN'T KEEP A GOOD MAN DOWN IT'S, YOUR MOVE NOW O DEATH WHERE IS THY STING PICKANINNY Rose MAKE THAT TROMBONE LAUGH Y EL LOW DOG BLUES to issue THINK OF ME LITTLE DADDYp££ GEE BLUES Jazz Band DANCING DEACON CAMPMEETING BLUES Saxophone Blues /iiiACHklr 1 TU C D l IICC (sHASIIMvi ItlL DLUL9 NOTICE.—We CANNOT fill order for Phonograph Records. by HARRIS on Columbia Record  released Aug. 20. Every owner of a Phonograph  knows Marion Harris. by SMITH on Okeh Record. The MAMIE 0 r song m r maJe by a Pl "ffi. '"""a Sun by ,ne ° '"im'tailo BCRT WILLIAMS on Columbia Record. All of Bert Williams' records  are good, hut these are great. Sung by MARGARET FREER on Edison Ricord. A wonderful lullaby with a beautiful melody whioh is irresistible. We are the first Music Publishers in the world a Laughing Trombone number.  Played by WILBER C SWEATMAN'S Original on Columbia Record.  Played by FORD T. DABNEY'S Orchestra on Acolian R'cord - Recorded on Emerson. Pathe, Paramount, Vic,„  andther records. r 0 By At Piantadosi. Recorded on most phono aph records and player rolls.  Pleaso order from YOUR nearest dealer. gr PACE &amp; HANDY MUSIC CO., Inc., WoT^' (Gaiety Theatre Building) Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HERE IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY TO SECURE A WOODVILLE COUNTRY ESTATE CONSISTING OF 10 OR 20 ACRES OR MORE FOR $32 50 ONLY PER ACRE VERY EASY TERMS Special advertising discounts to those who act quickly- Free Lot With Each 10-Acre Tract! We have only a limited number of Woodville estates for sale, making quick action necessary. People from all over the country will want these estates, which means that they will all be sold within a short time. Get yours before it's too late. Send for booklet containing full details. IT'S FREE. Address THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SOUTH LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO., CHICAGO, ILL. Date 192 GENTLEMEN:—Please send me full particulars about your "Woodville offer without any obligation to me. Name Address. ., Town State C-8-20 Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MADE to MEASURE $15.00 EXPRESS OR POSTAGE PREPAID This offer is one of the biggest, most generous ever made by any tailoring house. It's your one big opportunity to get a finely tail-ored-to-measure 2-piece suit with box back, superbly trimmed and cut in the latest city style for only $15.00. WE'RE OUT TO BEAT HIGH TAILORING PRICES Your own local tailor couldn't and wouldn't make you a suit for $15.00, let alone supply the cloth, linings and trimmings. Why not save 50% on your next suit? We have such a tremendous business, buy all our materials in such large quantities and have such a perfect organization that we can make these wonderful prices—and remember we guarantee style, fit and workmanship or your money back. You Save$9 to $15 This suit for $15.00 clearly proves our supremacy in the tailoring field. We offer dozens of equally good values. Let's tell Q I A lf'l you about them. We would rather you did |J|g OdlHPIG UUlTIT rlltb not send us any money until we send our 5 C Write us today and we will mail you absolutely FRE E our beautifully illustrated pattern book showing dozens of the latest city styles and designs, also many large size cloth samples to choose from. You will be simply thunderstruck at the exceptional values we are offering this year. Don't delay; we urge you to act quick; today! THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 601 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Plant of The E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. To Be Erected In Baltimore, Md . The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States THE E. A. WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER COMPANY, which incorporated five years ago with a capitalization of $5,000.00, with stock sold at $10.00 per share, is now a Corporation capitalized at $100,000.00 with "no shares for sale at any price," yet—it is understood that a small number of shares have been donated by some of the larger stockholders for certain Dentists and Druggists, whose names have already been listed ,and will be called on personally in the near future by the President of the Company. The Dentists and Druggists who will be solicited, were selected by the Directors of the Com pany because of their progressiveness and the great advertising value that their connection will mean in the distribution of this exceptional Dentrifice to the Race throughout the United States. The E. A.WELTERS' TOOTH POWDER CO., Inc. 410 Broad St., Jacksonville, Fla. Beautify The Skin—Glorify The Hair [ng and Soothing to the Tenderest Skin. Amron Skin AMRON SKIN SOAP is the most Soap satisfactory of all rs Nature's Best SHAMPOO Soaps, Aid In. Promoting and because of its Bright, Clear Skin instant LATHER and in bringing reING and CLEANSnewed Vigor and ING qualities one routhfulness to the cake of AMBON ITair. SKIN SOAP will last quite as long is two . cakes of AMRON SKIN Jttaer kinds. SOAP is composed 99 per cent. of For your SKIN'S Vegetable Oils, sake—buy a cake principally of OILS of AMRON SKIN of the COCOA SOAP — today. NUT. It provides Twenty-five cents an instant thick, the cake, 1 dozen rich, creamy cakes for $2.25. lather in either Amron hard or warm Send for our water. It is ador- Profusely a b 1 y Cleansing, Skin Soap Illustrated Catalog con Exquisitely Fri * taining a full and grant and of Guar complete line of anteed Purity. It Humania Hair every Useful Toil- Is Intensely Heal lette Requisite. And SPECIALTY MFG, CO HUMANIA HAIR &amp; SPECIALTY MFG. CO. 23 DUANE STREET NEW YORK, N. Y. New York, U.S.A. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Patti's Brazilian Toilette Luxuries Compounded with the same care as used in filling a doctor's prescription. Don't be ashamed and hide your face. Get Patti's Brazilian Secret Booklet and learn how to care for your skin. Each day your skin grows smoother and your complexion clearer. Patti's Beauty Secret Book, how to care for your skin, and six Toilette Preparations for $5.00. 1,000 agents wanted. Patti's Four Toilette Preparations without the "Beauty Book," $2,50. p|co List Brazil's Sweetest Odors r Pattl Beauty Cream C8o Anita Lllao Porfumo ...$1.23 oz. bottle Patti Night Cream 680 Anita Lotus Perfume .. . 1.25 oz. bottle Patti Day Cream 680 Anita Rose Porfumo ... 1.25 oz. bottlo Pattl "L a Travlata" Powder... .680 Anita Trcflo Perfume .. 1.25 oz. bottle Agents Wanted—No Samples or C. O. D. Orders. Send postage for mailing Address all orders to A. A. Brown, Manager PATTI'S BEAUTY EMPORIUM 4723 St. Lawrence Ave., Apt. 3, CHICAGO, ILL. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pro.. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts., Cincinnati, Ohio Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages I 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. ' THE ADVOCATE ROBERT J. NELSON, Editor and Publisher 800 French Street Wilmington. Delaware THE ONLY RACE PAPER IN DELAWARE 10 Pages We cover Delaware, the Eastern Shore of Maryland and Southeastern Pennsylvania Like a Blanket. . . . An Intensive Circulation. . . 22.500 People, read TH E ADVOCATE EACH WEEK. If you have any proposition that appeals to the Race and you want it to reach virgin territory, advertise in The Advocate. Send for a sample copy and see the high grade class of advertisers who use our advertising columns. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Wil l Help Yo u Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilherforoe, O. LUC DORSINVILLE &amp; CO. MANUFACTURERS' AGENTS IMPORTERS AND EXPORTERS PORT A U PRINCE, HAITI EXPORT: IMPORT: COFFEE FLOUR COCOA SOAP CASTOR BEANS HARDWARE LIGNUM VITAE DRY GOODS MAHOGANY LOG WOOD COTTON FABRICS FURNITURE COTTON COCOANUT PAINTS Colored American business men desiring to transact business between Haiti and the United States of America, are cordially invited to communicate with us. WANTED WANTED Live Agents At Once To Sell DUDLEY'S FAMOUS AUTO POLISH for furniture, pianos, church pews, hardwood floors and hundreds of other things that have a varnished surface. Makes them look like new. Agents can make $50.00 to $75.00 per Week selling Dudley's Polish to furniture dealers, drug stores, hardware stores, churches, housekeepers, automobile stores, paint stores and grocery stores. Special Offer: For 90 days we will ship to all new agents $10.00 worth of Dudley's Polish for $5.00. Take advantage of this special offer at once. Dudley &amp; Porter Manufacturing Co. 116 South Main St., Muskogee, Okla. A Noteworthy Book Two Colored Women With the American Expeditionary Forces BY Addie W. Hunton and Kathryn M . Johnson The only book on the market by per sons of color who were in France dur ing the period of the war. A thrilling, human-interest story; a combination of history and reminis cence ; by two women who served the soldiers in the camps of France for a period of nearly fifteen months. Read of the lights and shadows that came into the lives of the colored sol diers on duty overseas. Composed of fourteen chapters in ad dition to the Foreword and After thought. Illustrated with thirty pages of pictures brought from France. Price $2.50 Remit by Post Office Money Order AGENTS WANTED Address all orders and communications to Addie W. Hunton or Kathryn M. Johnson P. 0. Box 387, Brooklyn, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. 206 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FATHER TIME'S GIFT TO THE WORLD BIBLICAL women sought the enhancement of her natural beauty in her selection of myrrh and frankincense, which history tells us she used to the admiration of her husbandman. Queen Sheba in her ancient kingdom of Abyssinia demanded the best of the importation of oils and perfumes. Cleopatra in her oriental splendor believed and practiced the teachings of Homer laid down some 3,000 years before, that certain oils and lotions were conducive to entrancing beauty. Doubtless it was an irksome task to ancient woman—the preparation of her favorite toilette. And down through the ages has come some crude manner of mixing certain oils and essences to satisfy the demands of Dame Fashion in her quest of beauty. But not until fifteen years ago did "Father Time" give to women of the modern world a group of scientifically compounded preparations that meet her most exacting demands. Known at Home and Abroad Madam C. J. Walker's Wonderful Hair Grower Tetter Salve Vegetable Shampoo Soap Glossine Temple Grower Vanishing Cream Cleansing Cream Cold Cream Vegetable Hand Soap Complexion Soap Witch Hazel Jelly Compact Rouge Superfine Face Powder THE MADAM C. J. WALKER MFG. CO. 640 NORTH WEST STREET. INDIANAPOLIS. IND. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 207 FASHION BOOK MAILED FREE UPON REQUEST Real Human Hair Al l	 our wigs are hand made and •tried; to order, from maker to wearer. WIGS, Trans formations, switches, and Braids and all other articles of hair goods. No. 604— Price JIG.50 We carry the largest selection of Hair Dressers' Tools. The celebrated Mme. Baum's Preparations which makes the skin velvetlike, the hair •ilklike. Mme. Baum's Mail Order House P. O. BOX 146, Penn.	 Terminal Station, New York, N. Y. When writing, mention this paper. Learn Our System - Use Our Goods AND See Yourself Not as You Are—But as You Would Like to Be Hawiian Products Company Manufacturers and Importers of HAWAIIAN BEAUTY PREPARATIONS for Men and Women Vanishino Cream.. .$0.50 Dressing Oil 50 Face Powder 75 Shampoo 50 Rouqe 50 Hair Tonic 1.00 Hair	 Beautifler $1.00 Toilet Water 1.00 Face Cream 50 Tetter and Eczema Ointment 50 For Sale at all Drue; Stores and first class Beauty Parlors. By mail—postage extra.) Agents Wanted. HAWAIIAN PRODUCTS CO., Dept. B., 3147 Calumet Ave,, Chicago, 111. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Comfort and Elegance Without Extravagance This Magnificent Hotel, Located in the Heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the World, is replete with every modern improvement, superlative in construction, appointments, service and refined patronage. Orchestra daily, garage, hath houses, tennis, etc., on premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Send for booklet. With Sanitarium added and Dr. C. A. Lewis of the University of Penn in attendance. A MONEY GETTER because it Is A CROWD GETTER. Churches and Clubs looking for a play that will afford an evening of Side-Splitting Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention AD entertainment In one act; full of wit and good humor. Scores of churches have cleared from One to Two Hundred Dollars in One Night PRICE, 60c. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights, Washington. D. C SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Beautiful Idlewild The must wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the woods picking wild flowers and wild berries! Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency! Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do things! Do you believe In progress and do you want to / have a part in one of the most progressive movements of the time! Surely I Then you win be interested In. and want to ** own a lot of your own In Beautiful Idlewild, f Michigan. If you act at once you can se-* cure a beautiful lot for only $35.M each; $0.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your payments are completed the lot will be transferred to you by an absolute * warranty deed with abstract show-/ log clear title, ' Good live energetic agents wanted Idlewild Resort Company 1110 Hartford Bldg So. Dearborn St. Chicago, Ill. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Kelly Miller's Authentic History of Negro in World War A new and greatly improved history JUST OFF THE PRESS 200 Pictures Price only $2.75 750 Pages 16 Color Plates Size 6'/2 x 8&gt;/s inches, 750 Pages As we have fought for the rights of mankind and for the future peace and security of the world, the people want to be correctly and fully informed of the facts concerning OUR heroes—and this is TH E BOOK they are looking for. The Only History That Will Fully Satisfy The American Colored People This Book appeals to the Colored People. They are eager to buy it. Why? Because it is the only War Book published that thrillingly, graphically, yet faithfully describes the wonderful part the Colored Soldier has taken in the World War and is absolutely fair to the Negro. It relates to the world how 300,000 Negroes crossed the North Atlantic, braving the terrors of the Submarine Peril, to battle for Democracy against the bloodthirsty hordes of a war mad Lord of the House of Hohenzollern. More than fifty pages of the Book devoted to the ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE NEGRO IN THE AMERICAN NAVY — Guarding the Trans-Atlantic Route to France—Battling the Submarine Peril—The Best Sailors in any Navy in the World—Making a Navy in Three Months from Negro Stevedores and Laborers—Wonderful Accomplishments of Our Negro Yeomen and Yeowomen. AGENTS WANTED—Millions of these books will be sold, BIG MONE Y is being made by our sales people. Wil l you join us in the distribution of good helpful race books? Then send 25 cents for agents canvassing outfit. Write to AUSTIN JENKINS CO. No. 523 9th Street Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS. Let us Send Made to your measure, payable You a Suitafter received, with the clear understanding that if the fit is not perfect, or if you are not satisfied in every way; if you are not convinced that you have received afine, high-grade, stylish, splendid-fitting tailored suit made to your measure and have saved at least $15.00 to $20.00, you are not under the slightest obligation to keep it. Don't hesitate or feel timid, simply send the suit back, no cost to you. You are not out one penny. Any money you may have paid us is refunded at once. SEND NO MONEY-just your name and address for FREE samples and latest styles, beautiful NEW samplebook all sent FREE — if you answer now. SAMPLES FREE Any man young or old, interested in saving money, who wants to dress well and not feel extravagant, is invited to answer at once and get our free book of cloth samples and latest fashions, with every thing explained. Simply write letter or postal today, just say "Send me your samples" and get our whole proposition by return mail. Agents write too, we have a special deal for you. Try it, costs you nothing—just a stamp, get the FREE SAMPLES and low prices anyway. Learn something important about dressing well and saving money. Send at once. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING COMPANY Department 847, CHICAGO. ILL. NILE QUEEN FOR HAIR AND SKIN The preparations used by Cleopatra, The NIL E QUEEN , were of the same fine quality as those your druggist or beauty shop offers you today. Send for free descriptive Beauty Book. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. NEW KASHMIR BLDG. 3423 Indiana Ave. CHICAGO, ILL.