The Freewoman , made THE FREEWOMAN A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 32. Vol. II. THURSDAY, JUNE 27, 1912 Threepence [Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper.] Editor: Dora Marsden, B. A. CONTENTS Page Concerning the Idea of God 101 Topics of the Week: The Great Dynamic 103 The Hunger-Strike 104 Interest. By Arthur Kitson 105 Modernism in Morality. The Ethics of Sexual Relationships,—II. By Julian Warde 110 An Engaged Young Man. By Selwyn Weston 111 Page A Free Woman. By Henry Bryan Binns 112 The Savarkar Infamy. By Guy A. Aldred 113 Done For. By F. O'Robin 114 "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle 115 Correspondence: Strindberg 116 The Rebuilding of the Yoshiwara 116 Page Shall the Yoshiwara be Rebuilt? 116 Problem Plays and Novels 117 "Political" Offenders 117 "Spiritual Passion" 118 Interpretations of Sex 118 The Marriage Service 118 "Pass the Bill" 118 Cooking and Drudgery 119 The Order of the Golden Age 119 The Humanitarian League 119 CONCERNING THE IDEA OF GOD. IT is inevitable that those who promulgate new morals should be expected to disclose under what Authority they act. Authority is a permanent necessity, especially of Anarchism, and the fact that phantom authorities have been set up, in no wise affects the reality and urgency of Authority itself. The permanent seat of Authority lies in Religion. Hence while we may override and break Civil and Ecclesiastical Law, and though we may impeach an old moral code, we are compelled to make our authority for so doing contingent upon religious concerns. All changes of any serious import hark back to religion for Authority. Simple readjustment may take place unaffected by religion, but it is futile to set out to effect any radical change unless supported by its authority. Consequently, we find it incumbent upon ourselves to state the religious sanctions which we consider authorise the root changes we have already advanced in the name of morals. It was our intention to write on Religion, but the necessity of having to achieve intelligibility in limited space compels us to consider the question of religion in specific aspects, and we begin with the most essential aspect, that which concerns the Idea of God. The idea of God, or of Gods, is universal, and no degree of culture, and no distinction of race is effective to its exclusion. The idea in every age and race is present, and at this stage of our inquiry it matters little whether it achieves conception as the malign or friendly powers embodied in external nature as found in the more primitive cultures; as the gods of faculties and functions, as were those of ancient Greece; as the Life Principle of the philosophic culture of the East; as a tribal God, a national backer, as the Jehovah of Israel; or as the personal God, with triune function, as we have it in the Christian Church. All that is here desired is to emphasise the universal prevalence of the idea, and to point out that an idea so ubiquitous, so protean, yet so persistent, is one which may not be* ignored; which may not casually be written down small; which must have some function, and that an adequate interpretation of this function lies as one of the first and most serious charges upon the capacities of human thought. It may fairly be stated that a characteristic so integrant with life itself must have an interpretation of function with regard to the very meaning and purposes of life, and that, when independent evidence goes to establish the untenability of existing interpretations, it merely makes the demand for a tenable one still more urgent and imperative. Apparent rebuttals of accepted interpretations of God do nothing more than make this question more insistent: "What, then, is God?" It would seem that our best means of obtaining an answer to this question would be secured by tracing the long trail of evolution which the idea: of God has followed. Like everything else in life, the idea shows its nature by tendency rather than by fixed state, and by considering a long stretch of time, during which the tendency continues to act, we learn its direction. We find out where it is heading. The tendency has to do with the relative position in space of "God" and "Man." The direction of the tendency is from the God-outside-Man, external, remote, inaccessible, non-human, towards God-inside-Man, intimate, personal, seated in the heart of man, the very kernel of his existence. "Closer than breathing, nearer than hands and feet." A certain kind of modernism, translating itself into religion, has attempted a conception of God as unified mathematical law. God has been the "All," the "Comprehensive Being." Such attempts have broken upon the hard rocks of human experience among those who have most realised God, and have felt the force of tendency in the growing realisation of God. The merely logical mathematical conceptions have been crumbled up by the force of the tendency. The first thing experience can postulate of God is that he is personal. From God conceived as a malign or friendly Nature force; God as the beneficent Sun; God as Immanent Life; Gods as attributes personified; God the Great King, the tribal backer—the Jehovah of Israel; from these to God the Father are seen the workings of the tendency, the growing intimacy between God and Man. The culmination of the tendency is found in Christ. Christ for humanity marks an epoch. So intimate, so closely gripped was the idea of God by Christ, that the man said, "I am God." When a man knows that he is also God, he is then more than Man. He has achieved the purpose for which he was human. He has achieved his own personality. He has arrived. Let us consider what our God is. We must say "our" God, because the God of each of us is individual. That is what we mean when we say God is personal. The God which any individual worships is the loftiest personality it is possible for the individual to conceive. My God is not my neighbour's God. My God has kinship with me, and my neighbour's God has kinship with him. As the oak has kinship with the acorn, my God has kinship with me ; rather, as the unwritten story of creation had kinship with the soul of the poet Caedmon while he was yet dumb, so has our God kinship with us. The God of each of us is separate : separate as we are separate one from another. This separateness is a characteristic which must be laid hold of; its retention is essential if ever we are to attain to God; it is, indeed, in the necessity for separateness that all struggles for freedoms find their meaning and justification. It is important to emphasise it also because it is overlooked—even replaced by its contrary. The religions of the East, which are exerting a powerful and yet fundamentally misleading influence in the West, have done much to blur that definiteness which is the special and particular contribution of Christianity to the world of thought. When Christians understand the potency of their own philosophy; when they really achieve Christian articulateness, the Eastern faiths, notwithstanding their elements of profound wisdom, will succumb to the faith of the Western world. Christianity in the evolution of life represents a higher grade of achievement than the Eastern; it is a milestone passed in the progress of life. Likewise, too, when Christianity is articulate, will pass the age-long wrangle between Monism and Pluralism. Postulating a beginning of things, and likewise postulating an initial Unity— moot points both—we can say of a certainty that nothing round us in the life-world to-day (quite contrary to the process which we can observe obtaining in the material world) points to anything suggesting a progress towards Unity. The very culmination of value in the human world is that represented by personality, and personality is of its essence distinctive and separate, and in the culmination of Personality, which we approach in the personal God, we have the culmination of separateness. Other culminations for life in other worlds doubtless, but in this human world life stretches outward towards its separate goal, and our God is the light which our Soul casts before it to guide it towards its goal. Our God is a lamp to our feet. Our God is our lure, leading us on towards our own self-realisation. This accounts for the passionate adoration with which the soul turns towards God. "My soul thirsteth after thee; my flesh longeth for thee in a dry and thirsty land where no water is." "My soul followeth hard after thee." "I had fainted unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living." Thus the awakened soul pants towards the realisation of its highest destiny. For the soul can mould its destiny. It can only too easily turn away from the vision of its own highest fulfilment. With a personality to achieve—a soul to save— we postulate free-will, and thus slip another agelong controversy. We also find the function of prayer another stumbling-block in the path of the Uninitiate. "More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of." Perhaps the world is beginning to understand more. Prayer, which is communion with our own personality, has through countless ages been adopted by men, even when all reason seemed to show its futility. The reason for its persistence is found in the fact that prayer is a great reaffirming and reassuring of the personality. Any means of turning the eyes of the spirit inward is a prayer. Any rallying of our personality to assert itself in conditions adverse to it is a prayer. All the aridness of intellectual persons would vanish if they more often prayed, in the sense that we have defined prayer. Faith, too, finds its meaning. By faith we rally and call to our service the powers we know of not merely in ourselves, but in our God—our intuition of our Self-that-shall-be. And immortality. Christ, alongside his great affirmation that in him man had reached the God, affirmed also the possibilities of human immortality. This last is a tremendous affirmation. It affects all the human values. Yet it is the natural corollary of the affirmation that man is God though but "in the germ." The idea of the "Eternal God" we are familiar with, and inasmuch as man feels God within him, he can affirm his own eternal personality. And this seems to us to be the salvation of the world as far as Christ effected it. Christ was, in very startling fact, "The Way, the Truth, and the Light," not because he died on the Cross, but because of the quality and kind of belief which led him to and beyond the Cross. A belief has to be lived into, and Christ evidently had attained the range of life wherein belief was thrust upon him. To describe Christ as the Way is to give the very essence of descriptive truth. It describes what Christ may be to the humans who can comprehend him. "I, if I be lifted up, will draw all men unto me," said Christ, with the conviction of one who is preaching truth but newly discovered. The Christian congregations have almost all things yet to learn concerning Christ. Christ mystifies Christians. Men seek to unlock the mysteries of his passion with the wrong key. At present, Christ has to be grasped intuitively, or not at all. In spite of the two thousand years which have passed, poetic truth (which is long ages ahead of intellectual truth) is barely able to grasp his significance. If he almost eludes the diviners, he utterly baffles the logicians. So we must leave him, and gather together the strands of truth which for us trace a way through the dim meanings of life. The higher principle of life is that which tends towards the individual, the separate; the lower is the reverse. The higher principle, given its way with human life, sets towards distinct personality, which achieved is God. Our strivings after God are the strivings after the highest in us. Thus we move from point to point, and become what we may be, the More-than-Man, the God. GODS. Our gods are the selves we attain not, that sit throned—while we grope— 'Mid a sunset of dreams on delectable mountains of hope. James A. Mackereth. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. The Great Dynamic. FROM three hundred and seventy-eight pages, an answer to a conundrum and two vivid aspirations! The conundrum—"Why is a State not a State?" Aspiration number one: To place a bundle of live-wires in the hands of Mr. Wells' co-editor, Mr. Stirling Taylor. Aspiration two: A few words of prayer with Mr. Herbert Trench. Why is a State not a State? Because it is a dynamic. One gathers this by strength of contrast from the pages of "The Great State." Mr. Wells has depicted a State perfected—drawn it out big so that its essential features become clear. In a little State features are often blurred—the essential confused with the non-essential. In the Great State the essentials find their true relation, and we recognise their orderly, exquisite arrangement, an arrangement excellent for things which are forces, computable reservoirs of energy. It is so beautifully done, that it seems a thousand pities it will not square with personalities. If only the human were not human; if they were tractable and amenable to calculation and logic, a State would lighten all our darkness. But as human beings persist in their incalculable, alogical tendencies, these excellently organised States rather miss their vocation in a human world. A more grateful reception in a lower would be theirs, but in this world an ineradicable pig-headed obstinacy militates against them. Mr. Wells, with happy nomenclature, denotes the tendencies which are observable among the Chaos reigning now. There is the condition from which we have emerged—the "Normal Social Life," being that in which the people, in small groups, are attached to the land. This Normal Social Life, Mr. Wells points out, is in a state of unrest, and may develop in either of two directions, either in that of the Servile State, producing "the controlled, regimented, and disciplined Labour Class," or in that of the Great State, that in which there is a "general labour conscription, together with a scientific organisation of production, so reabsorbed by re-endowment into the Leisure Class." To an unprejudiced observer the difference between the "regimented" labour in the Servile State, and the "conscripted" labour in the Great State reduces itself to nothing more than the trimmings of rhetoric. The Great State is the Servile State smiled at; the Servile State is the Great State frowned at, and as Mr. Wells considers the Servile State unthinkable, the Great State likewise becomes unthinkable. We are therefore left by a process of elimination with the "Normal Social Life." It is somewhat significant—one wonders whether it is merely by chance—that here the word "State" is left out, and "Life" is used in its stead. Doubtless when Mr. Wells examines the nature of his own classification, and when he feels drawn, as he will be, to repudiate the essence and not merely the name of the "Servile State," he will find that the tendency must be towards the "Normal Social Life," developed by free co-operation and knowledge. A man or woman, to be free, must work out their freedom in toil, and to do this they must have the potential means of subsistence guaranteed them by inalienable right. To this extent a man must have property. It is indeed only by having so much right in property that a man can be free, holding the point of vantage from which he may tell his interfering fellows to go eat coke, so to speak. Ordinarily, he would co-operate with his neighbour, but it is just at the point when a man wishes to act independently of his neighbour that freedom counts. Hence it is likely that when the human world again finds its equilibrium in industry, it will find itself under conditions resembling more those of the Normal Social Life than the hideous, unspeakable, herd-like conditions of the factory-slave. Mr. Wells speaks of "the Normal Social Life, with its atmosphere of hens and cows and dung, its incessant toil, its servitude of women and its endless repetitions." Some of these conditions are necessary, and some are not, and those that are necessary can be matched by the evil necessities inseparable from the factory system. But we will leave Mr. Wells, who is serious, and turn to some of his assistants, who are amusing. There's Mr. Taylor, whose job is to tell us how the thing is being done. Being an ardent feminist, he devotes fully half his space to the development of us, the women. "One refers to the position of the Mother. Stated in cold economic terms, detached from all the true and false glamour that clusters round her, the Mother is, as such, a worker engaged in the industry of producing that most valuable of social wealth—children." If Mr. Taylor cannot understand why a woman may be offended by the above quotation, it is not possible for us to tell him. It is a fundamental matter of taste. The following is fundamentally silly. Silly because, dealing with psychological concerns, it ignores all psychological factors. "We are not concerned here with the sex relationship except in so far as it results in a child, the only point where the community seems to have any right to interfere. A calm consideration of all the facts leads one to believe that the State as a whole is far more concerned in the production and control of children than either the Father or the Mother, and that it will be the State, not the Father, which will in future pay the Mother the wage due for the work she expends on the child. The endowment of Motherhood (which has already become the usual term to denote this idea) will be, in brief, the payment to the mother of a sufficient wage to support herself and her children during the period she devotes to their birth and rearing, and any further period during which she is incapacitated by her previous specialisation in child-bearing. It will be sufficient to cover the necessary outgoing expenses and, over and above this, provide a profit to herself, at her own free disposal (!), just as her husband may have a profit over the expenses of his trade or profession. In short, it will give Mothers a definite wage for a social service, on exactly the same grounds that any other work is rewarded. This system of payment of Mothers (which may be established much sooner than many of us imagine) would be the longest step towards the collectivist community that the world has yet seen." We really have no doubts on the matter. What is the State? It is the great illusion. And what is there to lead one to suppose that women are yearning towards collectivism? And why is there not something self-evidently absurd for Mr. Taylor as there is for us in the phrase that "the State as a whole is far more concerned in the production and control of children than either the father or the mother"? Has the Slave-virus destroyed his sense of humour? Close upon Mr. Taylor's contribution follows one by Mr. Herbert Trench. By reason of its peculiar style, Mr. Trench's essay is unique among its companions in that it gives an impression of profundity. As there is much that is highly provocative in the article, we had the impression that the feeling that Mr. Trench's literary effects were not true was due to the fact that we disagreed with his arguments. This, however, proves not to be so, for, turning to his essay again, we find this: "Man has to move in two regions, and to draw Wisdom from each. Two teachers only he has, the Family and Anangke. First, from the Family he learns, and then from extended activities in the Polity, which is a delegation from (the human wall round) the sanctities of the Family. Secondly, from Anangke he learns, that is, from the hard and bracing Universe, unguided by Finite Mind, whence the Family itself first issued." Now, why, why could not Mr. Trench have said, "First, he learns from the Family"; and again, "Secondly, he learns from Anangke"? The difference has something to do with sincerity. For instance, we know very little concerning Anangke. We are, indeed, very sceptical—on the verge of the flippant —when we read that "the Family lies upon the Breast of Anangke." He makes us hear "the lily-handed, snowy-banded, dilettante priest intone." If a writer has a serious proposition to bring forward regarding something of the nature of Anangke, it is unfortunate that he should create additional scepticism by the style of language in which he seeks to explain it. We put the Anangke proposition aside, therefore, and consider the Family, upon which the humble and uninitiated may speak. Mr. Trench says the Family is the Social unit. Plain and flat we deny it; we believe he is totally and seriously wrong. The Family may have been the Social unit, but if the progressive forces among women are capable of any interpretation at all, that interpretation is that the Social unit is the Individual. We will not labour the point. It is the crux upon which the struggle, representing the revolution among women, turns. It may be that Mr. Trench will prove right in the issue, but if so, the woman's movement will have failed. But it is an issue yet to decide, and our faith is that Mr. Trench is wrong. The next utopia we hope will find expression as the Kingdom of One. Paint the heart of a freeman, and we shall see what arrangements he will need. Represent men as independent springs of life, each acting out its own inner will, and we shall be growing nearer an understanding of the needs of a multitude, each a universe in himself. We shall begin to envisage the Great Dynamic. The Hunger-Strike. Mr. McKenna is outrageous. An utter and brazen-faced snobbery continues to have its way with the suffragists. Mrs. Pankhurst and Mrs. Lawrence have been released as the result of hunger-striking, and the remaining forty prisoners, all hunger-strikers, are still in prison. Mrs. Pankhurst and Mrs. Lawrence have been released on "medical grounds," but we have not the slightest hesitation in saying that there existed no more serious medical grounds for release in their case than already exist and have for some time existed in the case of the other prisoners. The authorities can very easily furnish themselves with doctors' reports. The situation is detestable. It outrages every instinct of justice and good faith. It is so utterly disgusting that there is only one tolerable cause open to those who are in part responsible for the conditions of affairs. Let those who have been released get back into the prisons. They are armed with their own "medical" condition. They are not "fit" to be fed by force: they will not,. therefore, be fed by force. Their physical weakness, yoked to indomitable spirit, can place them above the law. They can make the law ridiculous. It has already made itself contemptible. If they are leaders, they must lead their forces out of the dangerous impasse in which they now find themselves. If the "leaders" were thrust out of prison, means were at hand by which they could return. They have raised an issue, and their hunger-strike, inasmuch as it has merely secured their release, has not solved it. It is true that this issue has been raised again and again, presumably to suit the whim or convenience of those directing their affairs. However ill-founded as we believe it to be, the issue at this moment has reached a degree of urgency at which it cannot be left, as it has been left hitherto. When "leaders" get first division treatment; when they secure release by means of a hunger-strike; when "followers" get second division treatment, and are set upon by the forcible feeders as a result of hunger-striking; when the horror of the thing becomes so great that one of the tortured—Emily Davison— the bravest, most loyal and self-sacrificing woman in their ranks—who has already been in prison five months, and undergone the hunger-strike time and time again—when such a woman risks suicide by leaping from the galleries of the prison, matters have reached a pitch where "leaders" must find a solution or abdicate. The straight and direct way is for these latter to re-enter prison, and continue to find re-entry until the last "follower" has her first division treatment, or is released. This, to be sure, is not "votes for women," but it is the ground upon which the "leaders" decided to wage the hunger-strike battle. Considerations of the health of the "leaders" are considerations wholly in favour of the carrying out of this policy, which is, indeed, a trial of powers between physical force and physical limitations. If they do this, they will merely be following, somewhat tardily, in the footsteps of their followers. Next week will be published an article by Mr. Upton Sinclair upon English Suffragism. Interest. Reprinted from " The Money Question " by kind permission of Mr. Arthur Kit son. NO subject within the field of Economic Science has excited so prolonged, so universal, or such bitter contention as that with which we have now to deal, nor have the effects of any Economic system upon social life and civilisation been more marked. Originally denounced as immoral by the founders of the Christian Church, and legally prohibited for many centuries, it has become the very foundation upon which our so-called Christian civilisation is built. The practice of charging for the loan— formerly termed Usury—was expressly forbidden among the Jews by the laws of Moses. Permission to exact usury from the Gentiles was, however, granted—a permission of which the Jews were not slow to avail themselves, and to which is attributable more than to any other cause the terrible persecutions they underwent during the Middle Ages, as well as in later times. Usury, or, as it is now designated, Interest, was condemned by ancient writers like Plato and Aristotle, the Mohammedan Koran forbade it, and under the Christian Church's influence the severest penalties were inflicted by states against usurers. Even now the system is controlled in most countries by special legislation, which limits the percentage which may be charged for the loan. Notwithstanding that interest is now legitimised universally, there still remains considerable prejudice and a feeling that it is based upon injustice. Quite recently, during the trial of a famous libel suit in the Courts of France, an eminent advocate (for the defence) spoke as follows:— "St. Gregory of Nyssa, the immortal thinker of the fourth century, wrote these lines:— "'He who would give the name of robbery or parricide to the iniquitous invention of interest would not be very far from the truth. What, indeed, does it signify if you have made yourselves masters of the wealth of another by scaling walls or by killing passers-by, or if you have acquired what belongs to you by the merciless method of the loan ?' "If anyone had prophesied to St. Gregory as follows:— "'A day will come when what thou treatest as robbery and assassination will become the law of the world, and when an Attorney-General will indict in an assize court the writers who share thy opinion. The whole of society will be founded upon usury. They will build a temple, which they will call a Stock Exchange. This temple will fill the place of thy cathedrals, even as thy cathedrals have filled the place of the temple of Venus or Jupiter. The priests serving in this new temple will be called bankers, stockbrokers, and financiers. They will swindle others out of all the gold that will insure to them omnipotence. They will buy everything that is buyable, and some of the things that are not. And vain revolts against their frightful empire will serve only to make more manifest its terrible solidity!' "If anyone had prophesied that to St. Gregory, St. Gregory, who believed in God, would have joined his hands and cried: 'Lord, deliver us from such a moral malady!' "The malady has run its course."* The problem of interest is clearly stated by the Austrian economist, Professor Bohm-Bawerke, in his great work on Capital and Interest (I quote from Professor William Smart's translation):— * m. de St. Audarfs Defence of Jean Grave. "It is generally possible for anyone who owns capital to obtain from it a permanent net income, called Interest. "This income is distinguished by certain notable characteristics. It owes its existence to no personal activity of the capital, and flows in to him even where he has not moved a finger in its making. Consequently, it seems in a peculiar sense to spring from capital, or, to use a very old metaphor, to be begotten of it. It may be obtained from any capital, no matter what be the kind of goods of which the capital consists; from goods that are barren as well as from those that are naturally fruitful; from perishable as well as from durable goods; from goods that can be replaced, and from goods that cannot be replaced; from money as well as from commodities. And finally, it flows in to the capitalist without ever exhausting the capital from which it comes, and therefore, without any necessary limit to its continuance. It is, if one may use such an expression about mundane things, capable of an everlasting life. "Thus it is that the phenomenon of interest, as a whole, presents the remarkable picture of a lifeless thing producing an everlasting and inexhaustible supply of goods. And this remarkable phenomenon appears in economic life with such perfect regularity that the very conception of capital has not infrequently been based on it. "Whence and why does the capitalist, without personally exerting himself, obtain this endless flow of wealth? "These words contain the theoretical problem of interest." After exposing every theory hitherto advanced in favour and against interest to the most searching and merciless criticism, he concludes that interest is The Craze of the Moment. RICH VELOUR HATS with Tagel underbrim (as sketch), made from rich soft Velour, with very fine Tagel underbrim, in a large variety of exquisite new colourings. A most becoming and useful hat. Also in various other qualities. Debenham and Freebody Wigmore Street and Welbeck Street, London, W. just, because "The loan is a real exchange of present goods against future goods. Present goods invariably possess a greater value than future goods of the same number and kind, and therefore a definite sum of present goods can, as a rule, only be purchased by a larger sum of future goods. Present goods present an agio in future goods. This agio is interest. It is not a separate equivalent for a separate and durable use of the loaned goods, for that is inconceivable; it is a part equivalent of the loaned sum, kept separate for practical reasons. The replacement of the capital plus the interest constitutes the full equivalent." In short, a loan transaction may be represented thus: A = A + ?A where A = the sum loaned t = present goods: t = time of maturity of loan. ? A = increment of A = interest. In spite of the elaborate defence of interest by the great Austrian economist, I do not think the last word has been said on this subject, nor do I believe its apologists have yet rendered the system invulnerable to attack. The main contention they make as showing the justice of interest, is that capital assists in production, rendering labour more productive, and hence capital is clearly entitled to a return for its use. And since in the hands of the owner it is likewise productive, and he is enabled to get a return (called natural interest) by using it himself, he is naturally justified in demanding a return equivalent to this. At first sight this seems plausible enough; but loans are not made from capital which its owners can themselves use profitably. It is surplus wealth that is usually put out at interest. Consideration of certain examples given by economists to illustrate the origin of interest will make this clearer: take, for instance, the well-known, oft-quoted illustration of Bastiat. The story concerns two carpenters, James and William, one of whom, at the expense of ten days' labour, produces capital in the shape of a plane. The other, for some unaccountable reason, instead of making a plane, borrows his neighbour's, proposing at the end of twelve months to return him a new one. To this James, the capitalist, objects, on the ground that by lending it he deprives himself of the advantage its use affords in lightening his toil, and for which he is entitled to compensation over and above the return of a new plane. He demands, additional to the new plane, a plank. The agreement is concluded, and at the end of the year James receives a plane and a plank. He lends the plane again for another year, receiving another plane and plank, and continues to lend, year after year, until his son becomes possessed of the plane, and he in turn acts the part of capitalist by lending the plane on interest. This annual gift of a plank is called by economists a natural and just remuneration for the "power which exists in the tool to increase the productiveness of labour." William, the borrower, is said to be no worse off than if he had not borrowed the plane, since its use has made his labour more productive. This is substantially the celebrated argument of Bastiat, that has been cited thousands of times as a clinching demonstration of the justice of usury. The answer which the opponent of interest would naturally make to this illustration is that it lacks probability. Why should James lend the only plane he has? He made it to use. What is he going to do without it? Make another? Then who supports him while he is making planes? Again, William is also a plane-maker, since he must make and return a new one at the end of the year. Why does he not make one at the beginning of the year and avoid borrowing? Why cannot William turn capitalist? The illustration seems absurd on its very face. Men do not lend that for which they have themselves immediate use. It is surplus wealth that is converted into capital, not that necessary for immediate consumption. To make the story analogous to that which it is intended to illustrate, James should have at least two or more surplus planes, in which event his demand for a plank in compensation for the loss of advantage which the use of a plane affords hint, is nonsense. He is merely lending that which he has no use for; hence, the act of lending entails neither loss, deprivation, nor inconvenience of any sort. He gets a new plane back, and is no worse off at the end of the year for having made the loan. On the contrary, he is much better off—better in several ways. First, in receiving a new plane he preserves his wealth, which is naturally perishable. Were he to refuse to lend it, it would eventually deteriorate. The wood might warp and split, the steel rust, and ultimately the plane become useless. Secondly, by lending, he helps William. William is a member of society, just as James is, and the condition of society is dependent upon its members. The more William advances the better for society, and the better for James. The condition of individuals affects society, and the condition of society reacts on all its members. This fact many writers have hitherto been blinded to, notwithstanding its vast economic importance. Current political economy seems to lose sight of the fact that under the terms capital and labour, it is really dealing with flesh and blood, and not with machines. It is the contention of economists that if interest were abolished the production of capital would be curtailed—a contention that appears to me unsound. The contrary seems to me to be true. The great desire on the part of mankind is to escape from that condition which renders labour obligatory. Now the system of interest offers a means by which producers may retire from the field of production. Universally, there is a struggle on the part of wealth producers to put by sufficient capital, the interest upon which will enable them to live comfortably without work. The higher the rate of interest, the less capital it is necessary to create to achieve this end, and vice versa. Therefore, the lower the rate of interest, the fewer will be those able to retire from wealth production, and the greater will be the production of capital. If interest were abolished, the desire to escape the irksome-ness of toil would be none the less keen, and since this escape would depend upon the creation of sufficient wealth for support by the consumption of principal, it seems to me apparent that the incentive to wealth production would be greater without interest than with it. It is also taken for granted that loans would cease if interest were abolished. Why should a man lend his wealth without having some benefit over and above the mere return of the wealth loaned? The answer to this is that wealth is perishable. If we confine ourselves to the consideration of commodities—omitting those forms of wealth included under land, natural opportunities, money, bonds, and legal claims—we shall see that wealth is naturally and inevitably perishable. The vast bulk of wealth is consumed soon after it is produced. Imagine, for the sake of argument, a society where the capitalist's wealth consisted wholly of commodities. Knowing that such wealth would decay and disappear within a certain time, would not an offer to take it and return its equivalent at some future time, or, say, in instalments paid regularly at the end of certain periods, be readily accepted without interest? In fact, would not such an offer meet with, and merit, a reward? Surely the man who saves for me wealth which otherwise would be lost is entitled to a remuneration. Under modern conditions the loan, however, takes a very different form. By virtue of certain legal enactments, wealth is, as stated by Professor Bohm-Bowerke, immortalised. By a system of exchange a man's surplus commodities are converted into money, and when capital is borrowed it usually takes the money form, so that perishable wealth is transformed into an order on wealth producers at all future times to reproduce wealth in any form, and at any time the holder may choose. To negotiate a loan the modern industrian has recourse to the bank, and it is in this direction that our present investigation must be conducted. When a merchant seeks to negotiate a loan of money from a bank he must first provide security, either in the form of collateral or personal credit for the return of the money, so that the element of risk is eliminated; in fact, it is customary for banks to exact a deposit of collateral of much greater worth than the amount of the loan. Having provided sufficient wealth to guarantee the return of the sum borrowed, he has further to agree to pay a percentage as interest. Let us take a special case. A manufacturer, having been informed that there was likely to be a strike amongst the coal miners, and, in consequence, the price of coal would advance, he determined to lay in a good supply. He applied to his bank for the loan of £5,000 for six months. He offered as security for the loan, a mortgage worth £10,000 on an improved property in a neighbourhood where rents were advancing; the loan was made, and at the end of the six months he returned the £5,000, plus £100 interest. The information regarding the strike proved to be erroneous, and in place of the price of coal advancing as he expected, it actually declined, and he found he had paid £500 more than if he had waited and bought it as required. He therefore lost not only this amount and the interest on the loan, but had to pay for the storage of some of the coal during this period. The question arises, what did the bank give in exchange for the £100? It made no sacrifice, nor underwent any risk, since it held the power to convert the amount covered by the mortgage into currency. The wealth of the bank was not decreased by one penny in making the loan. What justification was there in asking a sum for the loan of the money? This is the real interest problem under modern industrial conditions. Economists would say that the bank was deprived of the use of the money during the six months which it might have profitably invested to bring a return. It is customary in giving illustrations and examples on this subject for writers to say that the borrower gained considerably by the use of the loan, and then to add that the bank might have placed the money in the same investment, and made all the profit, and that the payment of interest is only fair, since without the loan the borrower could not have made the profit. But the instances of such investments being unprofitable are by no means uncommon—in fact, it is questionable whether fully one-half are not so, and, if the bankers undertook to direct the investment, it is doubtful whether they would be any more successful than the average merchant and manufacturer. The correct answer as to why interest is chargeable and obtainable on loans of the nature similar to the example given, is because the demand for money is practically always in excess of the supply —a condition existing by virtue of special legislation. The purchase of commodities and the payment of debts are effected in the legalised medium of exchanges, and mortgages are not legalised means of payment, whilst bank notes and coin are, and so the holder of mortgages and every other form of wealth except gold and government or bank money, is unable to pay his debts unless he can exchange his wealth for money by means either of a sale or the loan. The loan is really an exchange of stationary for circulating credit, of special for general purchasing power, and interest is a tax for the privilege of converting the one into the other. All the bank has done was to enable the manufacturer to fluidise his wealth. Governments having conferred this privilege upon one form of wealth, gold, has thus given the power of those controlling this metal to exact a tax upon all other wealth. Interest is therefore the price of a legally created monopoly. The money loan is not "an exchange of present goods for future goods," but merely an exchange of one form of purchasing power for another. The general purchasing power of legal tender is a legally acquired privilege, whilst purchasing power comes from and is due to Society. It is not due to anything existing in any metal or instrument, nor to any quality possessed by it, except the function granted by legislation of paying debts. Money is essentially a social instrument, and interest is the price paid by borrowers for the privilege given to gold and bank notes. The merchant who bought the coal would certainly not have paid interest for the £5,000 if mortgages had the same rights of monetisation as gold. After all, the judgment which must eventually be passed upon interest as a legalised system will depend upon its social results. Is it socially beneficial or injurious? Does it make for the prosperity and happiness of nations, or for their misery and destruction? If the former, why have Governments interfered so often in seeking to control and limit interest charges? And if five per cent, is a national blessing, why is not ten per cent, a still greater advantage? Governments have not sought—except in a few isolated cases—to limit rent charges, nor have they stipulated to what extent a merchant may make profits in trade. Why has this one system been of so much greater solicitation on the part of governors, rulers, and legislatures, than the other factors of distribution, rent, wages, and profits? Why have the religions of nearly all lands denounced and forbidden it? It seems to me that experience must have taught nations in the past that usury is fraught with danger, and only possible within strictly defined limits. Money is the life-blood of trade, and therefore of wealth production, and anything that interferes with its free circulation must be as serious a menace to a nation's welfare as interference with the circulation of the blood would be to the life of a human being. Interest is necessarily a tax upon production— for surely, if a nation could procure for its trade a non-interest bearing currency, it would be in a better and more prosperous condition than where a tax is imposed? Money being the tool of trade, the less one has to pay for the use of this tool the greater the wealth he will be able to secure to himself. The rate of interest, in fact, determines often whether an industry can be worked profitably or not. Nay, more, it determines whether nations shall prosper or become bankrupt. Startling as it may appear, it is nevertheless an easily demonstrated fact, that under the current rates of interest, the debtor classes of nearly all civilised nations are rushing into bankruptcy. The fact is, that the wealth productions of nations cannot keep pace for long with their interest charges. In fact, interest as a universal working principle is —at all ordinary rates—an impossibility. Five per cent, interest means a doubling of wealth every twenty years. At compound interest it is doubled in about 14J years. Let us take a broad survey of this question. Suppose the Pilgrim Fathers had invested the little capital^ they brought from the old world on a five per cent, usury basis, the people of this country* would owe them more than all the wealth they possess. " Suppose," said Proudhon,t " that a man in the reign of St. Louis had borrowed 100 francs, and had refused—he and his heirs after him—to return it. Even though it were known that the said heirs were not the rightful possessors, and that prescription had been interrupted always at the right moment, nevertheless, by our laws, the last heir would be obliged to return the 100 francs with interest, and interest on interest, which in all would amount to 107,854,010,777,600 francs; which is 2,696 times the capital of France, or more than twenty times the value of the terrestrial globe! " "Suppose, when Virginia was settled in 1607, England had sold to the first settlers the whole of the United States for $1,000, and had taken a mortgage for this sum covering the whole property, but instead of paying the interest yearly at seven per cent., the settlers had agreed to take up their bonds at the end of every six months and add in the interest. Allow the $1,000 and the accruing interest to remain outstanding until i860, and then become due. Although our prosperity has far surpassed that of any other nation, yet our property of every description would not pay the debt. Interest at seven per cent, doubles the principal in ten years and one month. In 100 years and ten months the debt would have amounted to $1,024,900; and in 201 years and eight months to $1,048,576,000. Add fifty years and five months to 1859, and the sum would amount to $33,554,432,000.^: But it is not necessary to go back so many years to show the impossibility of interest as a universal working principle. Usury is always increasing more rapidly than wealth. It knows no period of depression, no time of stagnation, no failure of crops, no unfortunate speculations, no condition of ill-health and inability to produce. It takes no holiday, and refuses even to keep the Sabbath. It forever goes on as regular as time, and as relentlessly as gravitation, counting and adding to men's burdens, piling them higher and higher, until the loan becomes too great, and there is a financial crash. No system of production has yet been discovered capable of maintaining this regular, never-failing supply which usury demands. All forms of wealth production are fitful, irregular, and subject to fluctuations. One season's harvests are abundant and the next a failure. This year's fruit crop may prove enormous, and the next spring's frosts may kill all the blossoms. The consequence is that, though for a limited period production may make rapid progress, yet, like the hare and the tortoise, usury invariably overtakes and keeps ahead of production. " The borrowed capital of the United States," says a writer in the Arena,\\ " claims more in remuneration than the country can produce. Every dollar invested in business claims a return called interest. Every dollar representing debts unpaid, * United States. t "What is Property?" Humboldt Series. J " Capital and Interest," Kellogg. |] I. W. Bennett, in March No., 1894. claims a like remuneration. This must all be paid out of the production of each year, and from each year's product men must be fed and clothed and sheltered. The wealth of the world must be kept up. Buildings, machinery, everything must be kept in repair; and improvements for use in the future must be taken from the stock of the present. There is not wealth enough to meet all these obligations, and the business of the world must go into the hands of a receiver every now and then, so that a new start in business may be made. The country, with all its allied industries, is analogous to a mammoth business concern. When it contracts greater liabilities than it can meet it fails, and we have a financial panic. "This state of bankruptcy is chronic. Counting everything, the liabilities of the country are always greater than its assets. The industrial world is always in a state of potential bankruptcy, but credit tends to keep it out of the hands of a receiver. Then the same persons are in part debtors and creditors, and this, with our frequent liquidations, aids in keeping us from continual financial panic. Any disturbing of credit precipitates a crisis. " An odd proposition, but one capable of mathematical demonstration, is that the very foundation principles of our industrial system lead us to recognise obligations which we can never pay. A simple, specific statement of what they are compels us to admit that they are too large to meet. " The present wealth of the United States may be placed in round numbers at $72,000,000,000. That fully eighty per cent, of this sum pays interest may be verified by any person who cares to give the subject thought. If any of the money in business bears interest, all money invested in business must likewise bear interest, otherwise nobody would assume business risks. But we may arrive at the same conclusion by a process quite different. " Something like eighty per cent, of the wealth of the country is in the hands of about 250,000 persons, or about one two-hundred-fortieth of the population. This excludes the wealth of well-to-do farmers and merchants; and it goes without saying that nine-tenths of this wealth held by the immensely rich is interest-bearing. Nearly all of it is lent, or if not lent out is invested in some business where interest on the money invested is added to the return or profits of the undertakers. The wealth in the hands of farmers and merchants is paying interest on all that is not used for the personal wants of themselves and their families; and even many of the homesteads of the country are paying interest. . . . "At least one half of such wealth is interest-bearing. An examination of the mortgage lists of the several States will more than bear out this estimate. We are, then, paying fixed charges, as the railroads put it, on about $55,000,000,000 of the country's wealth. The net rate will average five per cent.; and taking into consideration commissions and other charges, six per cent, is a low estimate of the gross rate. The interest on $55,000,000,000 at six per cent, is $3,300,000,000 per year. To get the average interest charges for the last decade we must take the average of interest-paying capital, which is about $50,000,000,000. We have, then, an average yearly interest of $3,000,000,000, a sum which more than absorbs the entire yearly increase of wealth in the United States. During the last decade the wealth of this country has increased about $22,000,000,000. "During the same period the interest charges were $30,000,000,000. Adding but the single item of interest on personal business obligations to the standing debt of the people, the assets of the country's citizens will, in the short period of ten years, fall $8,000,000,000 below their liabilities. The principal falls due in that time, and the business of the country, if fixed in the hands, would bankrupt in that time. It does actually feel the shock. But the fact that many persons are creditors as well as debtors, and the debtors and creditors change places, puts off the final accounting. The tendency of the enormous fixed charges on business is to amass the wealth of the country in the hands of large property owners, who are almost exclusively creditors. "The mightier the fortune, the more interest it draws, and the more exempt it is from the dangers of speculation. "Fortunes go on piling up under the laws of interest, and after all checks and counter-tendencies are allowed for, the country has a panic—becomes bankrupt—every twenty years. "There is a well-defined financial flurry of more or less violence, every decade, or even oftener. The fact is, that whenever the creditor class demands its money there is a panic, for there is not money enough in the country to satisfy the demand, and all property must be turned over to meet liabilities. Indeed, the cash in the country is principally in the* hands of the creditor class, having piled up there under the laws of interest. "During times of confidence business is kept moving by a shifting of liabilities, but in times of doubt and uncertainty, from whatever cause brought about, the business of the country finds it impossible to meet its obligations and is obliged to file into bankruptcy. The cleverest of speculators cannot long keep up their business by borrowing from one to pay another, unless debts are very small as compared with the capital invested. Just so the business of the country, taken as a whole— the piling up of debts always ends in collapse. It is nonsense to say that want of confidence is the cause. Unless the ground principles of business produce instability, want of confidence can have no effect. Men realise that the business of the world cannot pay its debts, and therefore lose confidence." Now, a scientific principle is one which is universally applicable to the phenomena with which it deals. The greater the field over which it operates, the more is its truth and exactness established. Interest, as we have seen, becomes impossible as soon as applied universally or over a considerable period. It is only applicable on a small scale or for a limited period. Every certain period there is a universal breakdown; panics and bankruptcy become world-wide; interest-bearing wealth is swept away, and equilibrium is restored only after interest-bearing capital has been greatly reduced. In fact, capital is being constantly devoured to pay interest on other capital. Here is a builder whose vacant house refuses to pay the ground rent; finally the house is seized for the rent. There, a manufacturer, unable to pay the interest on borrowed money, is compelled to assign his machinery, buildings, and grounds to the usurer. This is of such ordinary and every-day occurrence that it excites no comments and scarcely any notice; yet it is only by the continual destruction of capital that rent and interest are maintained. Wealth under usury devours itself. Startling as it may seem, it is an indisputable fact that panics, bankruptcies, and failures are absolutely necessary in order to keep the system alive. Wealth cannot be produced at a sufficiently rapid rate to meet its demands; hence capital, after devouring its own children, devours itself. The first capital sacrificed is that which is the least strongly intrenched. It is the small capitalist who goes under first, then the next, and so on, until the wealth lent on interest is reduced to balance production. The most strongly intrenched is that which absorbs the less powerful. By this means national debts and government bonds bear; interest in times of severest panics and business depression; and this is why they are considered the most desirable and safest kind of investment. Usury, like gravitation, causes large bodies to attract and eventually absorb smaller ones. The small capital of individuals is being constantly absorbed by the greater capital of corporations. This is its inevitable tendency. The forces of attraction and absorption are as strong, constant, and relentless in the monetary as in the physical world. "Usury," says Lord Bacon," bringeth the treasure of a realm into few hands." Usury is suicidal, and abstinence leads to death. The more abstinence is practised, the more capital is piled up; the more capital, the greater the amount swallowed by interest; the greater the volume of wealth taken on interest, the heavier the bufden on labour; and the heavier the burden upon labour, the less wealth labour is capable of producing. It seems to me, therefore, when considered on sufficiently broad grounds, interest is not a desirable nor a socially beneficial institution. It leads to bankruptcy, and is the parent of those financial disturbances which some writers have ridiculously attributed to sun spots. It forces the industrial world into liquidation every few years. It has created and perpetuated an idle rich class, which, as Professor Cairnes asserted, "is a formidable obstacle to economic laws, and from the existence of which no public benefit of any kind arises." Finally, as a universal principle it is impossible. Arthur Kitson. ADOLPHE LADIES' TAILOR New Models in Original and Exclusive TAILOR SUITS Coat Lined Sil% from 6 gns. Perfectly cut and fitted by MONS. ADOLPHE "Uailleur de Paris Dainty Paris Blouses from 25/- A L'deal Cie 15 Sloane St., S.w. Victoria 2024 Modernism in Morality. THE ETHICS OF SEXUAL RELATIONSHIPS. II. EVERY perfect organism desires the sexual act. Every mature man and woman of healthy disposition desire and need sexual intercourse. There is nothing irregular or immoral in this concept. The instincts are anterior to morality. Morality is the expression of instincts. And normal instincts are good. They make for the larger growth of man. It is man's reflective power and memory which have debased the purer instincts. His innate selfishness (the expression of an unbalanced early struggle for the preservation of his type individually) has strongly marked his character. Individualism is his brute heritage. Co-operation, physical and mental, are his human heritage. His brutal heritage is the conquest by virtue of strength. By it he has vanquished and oppressed his weaker brethren. By the exercise of his human heritage he has reacted upon his environment and produced his better social qualities. The struggle for mastery over nature is nearly complete. Man wrests his living, or, rather, could wrest his living, from Mother Nature very easily. The struggle now in progress in man is for mastery over himself. His individualistic tendencies war constantly with his social tendencies. He has not yet learned fully the lesson that his progress must be collectively. He has not yet realised in its entirety that so long as some parts of the social organism are ill, the whole of it must suffer. Man, as individual, still seeks to live by virtue of his strength instead of by virtue of his knowledge. Individualism is selfishness. It is the exaltation of the cell at the expense of the organism. Co-operation is its antithesis. It is the mutually advantageous interaction of individuals for a common purpose. Co-operation makes for the larger growth. It is the expression of the life of the community. The sexual act, originally an individualistic act, is now a communal act. Originally the impress of an instinctive desire, perpetrated almost unconsciously and without volition for the individual perpetuation of type, it has now become, in highly developed organisms, the conscious act for the continuance of the race. But only in highly developed organism. In man and woman generally there is little conscious procreation or begetting of children. The sexual act is still instinctive. It is indulged in for the dispersion of emotional stress. Race continuity, so far as the less highly developed are concerned, is a function not consciously sought. The sexual act affords satisfaction, physically and mentally. Physically, it restores a balance. In matured organisms the desire for the sexual act is correlated with the provision of the physical means for its consummation. The secretion in the physical system of the fertilising material in man is a coincident process with the ripening of the ovum or ova in woman. Periodically there is a disturbance of equilibrium as a result of this. Emotional stresses are experienced normally when the organism is fitted to function. The restoration of physical balance is accompanied by sensations of physical pleasure. The relief of the emotional stress is marked also by feelings of pleasure. Nature has provided for the execution of the function to be continued when man has outgrown his completely instinctive period by making it markedly pleasant. That pleasure is heightened and emphasised by its mutual experience. The originally instinctive and individualistic act becomes more desirable intellectually when it is a conscious communal act. This is reflected in the difference between prostitution and normal conjugation. Prostitution is essentially individualistic. There is no mutual pleasure in the act. It is not a communal act. It is exploitive and not cooperative. It is the satisifaction of one part at the expense of the other. It is the triumph of strength over necessity. The sexual act is right only when both desire it. The mutual gratification afforded by the sexual act is proportionate to the strength of the mutual desire for it. The absence of desire for it on the part of one of its participants robs it of its supreme pleasure. The particular satisfaction derived from it iby the other is then a debased and perverted satisfaction. Food is eaten, primarily to satisfy the necessity for replacement of tissue. Like the sexual act, its accomplishment is accompanied by sensations of pleasure. To eat is necessary. To eat is also pleasant. The sensation of pleasure can be stimulated and prolonged by provoking the appetite to consume more than is necessary for replacement of tissue. The pleasure derived from the sexual act can also be stimulated and prolonged by provoking the appetite to indulgence in more than is necessary to relieve the physical and emotional stresses. Stimulation of the appetite for food is intemperance. Its excess reacts detrimentally upon the organism. The constant repetition of stimulation and satisfaction results in a debased condition of desire, physically and mentally. The debased condition is the begetter of its own punishment. Simplicity of mode has been forsaken for complexity of mode. And the taste is impaired and the appetite deranged. A deranged sexual appetite is only partly satisfied by a debased and perverted union. It can never be completely satisfied. Its course has deranged the means and mode of satisfaction. When two healthy organisms satisfy their desire for the sexual act freely, its normal consequence, unless preventive measures be taken, is conception, and ultimately childbirth. It is this normal consequence of the sexual act which makes it a communal act. It is directly relative to society. Its result is to conserve the continuity of the race, and more. It adds to the members of society. This is expansion, the larger growth of the organism. And growth, we have seen, is good. The production of children, therefore, is in itself good. Only by the production of children can the wastage of society by death and accident be repaired. Only by the production of children in excess of this number can the larger growth of society be ensured. Some of the older economists feared that the production of children would some day press upon the means of subsistence. They have urged that there is a social danger to be apprehended from the pressure. That it is necessary to take social precautions against such dangers. The more modern position is, amongst some economists, that the endowment of maternity in any way would tend to enhance this danger. Now there are two fundamental considerations here. Does the average man support himself, and leave a margin for the subsistence of others? Does the raising of the standard of life tend to produce more children or fewer children? To the first of these questions the answer is obvious, from the most superficial examination of the economic position of any civilised nation. The increase in the aggregate unconsumed wealth, or capital, tends to coincide with the increase in its population. If it were not the case that the average man produces more than he consumes, the nations which increase most in population would decrease in aggregate wealth production, and would leave no margin of capital. Similarly, a superficial examination of the social position of any civilised country reveals the fact that comfort, and to a greater degree luxury in life conditions, tends to restrict the production of children. Whenever the conditions of life are by comparison good, the number of births is less. The reason for this is not far to seek. Childbearing is accompanied by difficulties and dangers. Child-rearing, if each child is to be afforded due care and attention, involves the sacrifice of considerable leisure from both parents. Amongst the rich these duties are devolved wholly upon others, excepting only the bearing and birth. Amongst those less well off the other duties have also to be undertaken in the home. The tendency, then, is to produce small families only, and to take greater care of each of the units. The inference justly to be drawn is, that a wholesale raising of the standard of life for every man and woman would be to eradicate all danger from excessive production of children pressing upon the limits of subsistence. The danger to be apprehended would be the failure of race continuity. Because with an increase of luxury, there is a proportionate but invariable decrease in the number of children produced. Such restriction of family is not instinctive. It is intellectual. Economists and statesmen need not fear. The instinctive desire for the sexual act, and the gratification its commission affords, even tempered by the intellectual desire to escape its normal consequences, will always provide for the continuity of the race, till its purpose, if it have any, be effected. The intellectual phase in the race is a later phase than the instinctive one. The individual reflects in his life the growth of the race. The instinctive period precedes the intellectual one. The instinctive period makes for child production. Only under conditions which are manifestly wrong and bad, a luxurious life without work, does the intellectual desire completely overshadow the instinctive desire. The instinctive desire of every normal woman is, for motherhood. The woman who does not desire motherhood is not normal. The desire may not be exhibited. It may not be consciously apparent. But it is there. It is inherent. The abnormal woman may not desire motherhood. She may desire that her creative powers be exercised in other directions. The abnormal man may not desire the sexual act. He may desire that his creative powers be exercised in other directions.* But it is with the normal man and woman we are mostly concerned. It is the greatest good of the greatest number which has to be sought. It is seen now that the instinctive desire for the sexual act freely indulged in will provide children, and does provide children, in great profusion. It is further evident that such children are almost always born in great numbers in poor surroundings. Poverty is the hotbed of fecundity. And this is so because the instinctive desire is not overshadowed by the intellectual growth. There is less opportunity for leisure and mental growth. Comfort and luxury are not present to stimulate the imaginative faculties. Both parents toil all day to provide bare subsistence. The provision of food and shelter occupy their whole day. They toil worse than the beasts. They have to provide profits, rent, and interest for others to live upon in luxury. Kept by the present social system fast to the instinctive level for food-getting, they scarcely emerge above it for the other function. They make normal use of the sexual appetite. They place no check upon its normal consequences, and large families result. Now as each child born is a potential asset for wealth production, it would appear that the birth * This phase is dealt with in more detail later. should be recognised by the community at its intrinsic worth. The birth of a child is the creation of capital in fotentio. Under our present system it is allowed to remain a tax upon the income of those least able to afford it. The most fertile class in the community is the poorest. Their fertility, which ultimately adds to the aggregate wealth production, is permitted to still further deplete their own income. It is idle to urge that such children are not of the class desired. By class is meant of the mental calibre desired. The mental calibre is the result of the environment. The character of the man is formed by the influences with which he is surrounded. JULIAN WARDE. (To be concluded?) An Engaged Young Man. (Continued from the issue of May 30th.) THAT it were well to insist upon the soul of worth in things sensuous shall not be denied, and where no such doubt can thrive Romance has yet a goodly chance to root and flourish once again. Concessions must be made, no doubt, to the Imp of Progress ensconced in the very branches of our Tree, like some dread bird of night equipped to spoil the dreams of youth and make men mad; who, at the dawn of day, flaps wings, crys "Freedom!" and slinks into thickest covert, fearing the sun's bright rays. From bondage into bondage things leap, and, likewise, we ourselves, unheeding. And though Freedom, become herself a thing of terror, were an infamy beyond our comprehension, the cry of the Imp has a warning ring, portentous of the ultimate tyranny encompassed thereby, bidding us beware her subtler bonds. But Romance is ours, whose elements we know, our anodyne. No "oughts" and "waits" there assail us, nor petty limitations. A broad sweep of plain-land lies before—low-lies, with many a fertile spot, brightening even to the height's on the horizon, seducing to fuller leaps the upstriving mind. We become in her hands free spirits, freely hoping, illimitably soaring; not as they who, aping Progress, bend a bough that shall lift them from their feet to hold them, comically dangling, over an abyss of Certitude, lurking wherein is the grimmest of Doubts. One of our sages has declared that to let slip Romance were to exchange a sky for a ceiling. But the Imp, despairing, would have us know that this latter may be lovely—tells of nymphs to be seen there, some, he avers, bedecked in many a myriad stars—discerned only, we must believe, in a down-glance at the lees of a fifth cup, vilely concocted, whereby we learn his worth. Brighter stars in a distant, dark sky deserve our ampler reverence. In quest of relief from his brooding, troublous unrest, Newland passed a pleasant, long summer evening in an obscure small village skirting Charnwood, with a mug of rustic ale at elbow, and but little else for diversion than tales of a House that had once been great; whose greatness was not wholly spent, as we shall see. There, from a loquacious landlord, he learnt how in old Charnwood our Tree is of sturdy stock, anciently planted in primal soil, firm from of yore, and immune from the Imp's attacks. For the broad white road, eastward winding to the river, borders a great demesne —rolling, unbroken miles of woodland spread to the far hills, purple under late summer suns, declining. Into the forest the longest coach-drive in England descends between high, mossed banks, yew-capped, to rise again in the terraced glade, where stands the Priory, presenting in our day a penurious aspect, pointing reproach to redundant past glories. Clearly, the minds of our ancestral great houses were not sat too intently on the welfare of their sons. This and other thoughts had so preoccupied him that Newland was arrived within sight of the Priory before it occurred to him that he was trespassing; and, though the law in that matter did not concern him, he would have regretted the indelicacy which should prompt him, however unwittingly, to disturb the privacy of others. Recalling his own seclusion, and the irritation he had felt at the merest momentary violation of it, he turned away, and would have retraced his steps through the scene that had so enthralled him. He saw, however, and without surprise even, that his retreat was barred. Advancing towards him down the drive, an observant witness of his indecision, was a young girl. As she swung towards him he watched her intently, fascinated by her perfect motion; so rhythmic, it seemed to him, that, as she moved, the whole round world moved with her: an illusion which, noted, gave him a sense that her coming was inevitable, and prepared him for the almost disconcerting suddenness of his intimacy with her. Not here and now (he was convinced) did he for the first time meet with her; it seemed, rather, that she had stepped out from himself, as it were, from the very sanctum of his soul, to stand for a little while apart so that he might the better perceive her. She was the vision of his dreams: she was the dream incarnate of his ideal world—a world to him more sound, by reason of his so conscious dwelling therein, than was ever world of realities to the most soul-starved realist. He had an impulse then and there to reclaim her; to hold her again, who for a moment had left him, in his arms, to his heart—altogether to possess her. He had visions of her sweet eyes veiled beneath the quick passion of his kisses, as the world is veiled by a night in June; he pictured her long upper lashes hung darkly on her crimsoned cheeks, like dim woodland fringes distantly seen under morning mists before sunrise. She paused while yet a dozen paces from him, encountered his full, dark gaze, became at once intensely conscious of him, and was demurely surprised to find her own glance inward directed to her soul, where lurked strange thoughts and fancies. It was a curious meeting; a sight to rouse dramatic fervour in the soul of one who should watch—and understand. But they were oblivious to the possibility of prying eyes, these two, for each of whom the other was become an instant preoccupation. Both realised that something was come to them, because of this encounter, which had otherwise passed them by—a something, perhaps, not good for their several welfare, but a something unquestionably beautiful, as the wings of their common soul gave witness by their frenzied assault on the empyrean. Clearly, there could be no strife between them, nor even the merest reticence; for love, it would seem, had awaited their coming there, and both were aware of his presence. - Her eyes sought refuge from his ardent gaze; and at length, with an effort, he spoke, conscious of the distance between them: "I have been looking for you," was all he said. She swayed momently toward him, swayed back, and stepped forward a few brief paces. "Who are you?" she questioned, knowing it did not matter. What he was in the world she had no desire to learn at present; she was concerned only with his relation to herself, and that she already knew. She came even nearer to him, her eyes cast down; and he, watching, would have held her unconscious of the movement, so natural and spontaneous was her approach. The touch of his hand on her arm told her how near she was come to him. She drew back, startled, raised her eyes at length, wherein reflected shone the passion of his own. He stretched out his arms to her, and she put her hands in his. She was but a child awakened, no longer avoiding his eyes. With tilted chin she scrutinised him keenly, till all her embarrassment bid fair to become his own. "Why," she demanded, in piquant, lingering tones," why did you not come to me sooner ?" There was a pause, wherein they looked on each other's soul. Then did he seize her to him in so passionate a clasp that she, sweetly moaning, lay supine upon his breast. Lost utterly in wonder at her loveliness, he put kisses on her warm red lips and upon the veils of her burning eyes. "Little fool!" he murmured, between his kisses, "it was because you did not need me, little fool!" Selwyn Weston. (To be continued.) A Free Woman. This woman was not meant A man's desire to bless: She is compact of discontent And soul-disturbing eagerness: On joys we never did possess Her womanhood is bent: She cannot be the wife Of any else than Life. No mind hath she to mate Our love, that makes the proffer: For only Life Himself seems great Enough to be all-worthy of her,— Minish her nothing, bid her suffer No loss in her estate:— Hers—who is fain to give His splendour leave to live! Our love too narrow is Her life to 'comprehend: Needs must her heart take liberties, With any that would be her friend; And thus his lack of love amend By living as she please Till all her discontent Be utterly forspent. All we had boasted dies, Confessing itself null Beneath her joy-expectant eyes: And how incontinently dull Our pride is grown, how pitiful Our labour and its prize! Yet doth she not condemn, But only look on them. She is the enemy Of our accomplished good, Our comfort and complacency: Her unenfranchised womanhood Laughs at our freedom; and it would Methinks have set us free, For it is nearer far To manhood than we are. —Henry Bryan Binns. The Savarkar Infamy. MALATESTA has been saved from a life-sojourn in an Italian dungeon by the protest made in Trafalgar Square on June 9th last. That protest I initiated and partly organised. Since then, at Letchworth, Finsbury, and Peckham, other protests have been made, insisting more keenly than ever on his release. Our appetite has grown by what it has fed upon. The infamous deportation order having been cancelled, the no less infamous sentence of imprisonment has got to be cancelled. Malatesta must be released before the expiration of the three months; and, pending that release, he must be transferred to the first division. All this is as it should be. I am duly jubilant and delighted, for I am an Anarchist and Socialist—to a large extent a colleague of Malatesta. His well-being is pleasing to my sentiment, consequently. But there are other victims of our despotism, our imperial militaristic capitalism, besides Malatesta, Mann, Bowman, and Crowsley. And now that there are many to plead Malatesta's cause, it is no longer necessary that I should concentrate all my efforts upon it; and, since public support has rallied to Bowman, Mann, and Crowsley, I would fain remind myself and others of suffering heroes whose cause the fejjy, if any, are espousing. Yes, I want Crowsley's release. Yes, I am up against Capitalism all the time. No, I am not a bourgeois nationalist, but a Socialist. Still, I believe in resisting iniquity and injustice so far as my defiance and scorn can resist them within the limitations of our present capitalist system. And the right of asylum—the traditional fetish involved in the Malatesta case—reminds me of another case wherein our Liberal Government, a renegade French Socialist and Anarchist, and French and English policemanism conspired to abolish that right. That conspiracy has been a success up to now. I want it to be undone—even though its victim was not a European, nor yet a Socialist or Anarchist, but a Hindu and Nationalist named Savarkar. Let me give a statement of this case, our non-resentment of which has led to the recent Malatesta outrage. The facts had best be presented as they became known, the better to understand the nature of the secret diplomacy that runs riot among the agents of the governing class in this workaday "democratic" world. I will quote, first of all, from a leaflet which I circulated broadcast immediately after my release from prison in July, 1910, and addressed "To the English Proletariat" :— "Comrades!—I address the present appeal to you on behalf of Mr. Vinayaka D. Savarkar, B.A., who was arrested at Victoria Station, on March 13th, 1910, at the instance of the Indian Government. Mr. Savarkar's two brothers had already been entrapped by the British Government, and whilst one had been transported for life, the other was on his way to receive a like sentence. The English proceedings—at the Bow Street Police Court, the Divisional Court, and the Court of Appeal— were characterised by the usual illegality.( The English Government had determined on Savarkar's return to India. This was proven by the reasons given for this course. The prisoner was charged with 1sedition and abetment of murder.' The Courts decided that, had there been no 1abetment of murder' charge, it would have been harsh to have sent him to India on the sedition charge. On the other hand, it urged that, since the speeches—on which the sedition charge was based—were delivered in Hindustani, it was fairer for him to be tried in India. This was the opinion of the Lord Chief Justice. Mr. Justice Coleridge dissented from sending Savarkar to India, but waived his dissent as a minority view. At the conclusion of the extradition proceedings, Savarkar was secretly conveyed from Brixton Prison to the P. and O. liner Morea, to be conveyed to India. When the vessel was lying alongside the wharf at Marseilles—on its way out—.Savarkar went to the bathroom, and while his gaolers waited outside, he succeeded, after divesting himself of his clothing, in squeezing through the port hole of this ship. Swimming ashore, he reached the quay and ran. Two marine gendarmes gave chase, captured the fugitive after he had gone more than 300 metres on the French soil, and brought him back to the ship. This occurred on Friday, July 8th, 1910. It constituted a breach of the right of asylum, as Savarkar was a political prisoner, . . . having actually landed on French soil, the British Government has lost, according to international law, its rights over the prisoner. The action of the French police in handing him back was illegal. . . . The entire French press upheld this view. The French Socialists support the French Government in demanding the return of Savarkar to France in vindication of the rights of asylum, and they look to the English Socialists to support them in this demand !" The above excerpt from this leaflet of mine is an exact statement of the situation at the time. Everyone thought that the French Government was acting in good faith; and when, as a result of public agitation in France and England, the matter was referred to the Hague Tribunal, Savarkar's early release was taken for granted. That we had not estimated the situation correctly will be seen from the following excerpt from an editorial I wrote in the Herald of Revolt for March, 1911, criticising and summarising the Hague award :— "Savarkar has been damned to a life sojourn in an Indian dungeon by the infamy of the man who previously betrayed the French proletariat. But for the latter's agitation against the Hindu patriot's irregular arrest at Marseilles, on July 8th last—and Briand's fears of a general strike—the French Premier would never have invited the decision that brought about his resignation three days later. The Hague award, annulling the right of asylum, was only possible because Briand voluntarily betrayed the sovereignty of France. As early as June 29th, 1910, the French police were informed by the British authorities that Savarkar would be on board the vessel Morea, touching at 'Marseilles on July 7th or 8th. The Minister of the Interior thereupon warned his sub- OF ALL HIGH-CLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO " DOUGLAFROC" (c/o "FREEWOMAN"), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. ordinates to guard against any possible escape. In accordance with these instructions a commissionaire of the French police was placed at the disposal of the commander of the Morea and the British police in charge of Savarkar during the vessel's sojourn in French waters. Under these circumstances, Savarkar's illegal arrest, after his escape to the shore, was merely incidental, and even inevitable. Briand had determined that he should not secure political asylum. The whole of the French Government's undertakings to this end, and its correspondence with the British police, dating from June 29th to July 13th, 1910, were so much negation of the principles of Representative Government and French Sovereignty, as well as a gross violation of the right of asylum. In the first place, the employment of an ordinary vessel, like the Morea, was a blunder. According to International Law, Savarkar ought to have been conveyed to India on a Government vessel, or have been released the moment such a ship as the Morea came within three miles of Marseilles. His detention, the moment the Morea touched French waters, constituted an invasion of France. The English Government had no jurisdiction over Savarkar, the political prisoner in French waters when he was aboard a private as opposed to an English Government vessel. If Savarkar had never escaped to the shore his detention on the Morea was an infringement of the right of asylum. Consequently, Briand ought to have demanded Savarkar's release, instead of conniving at preventing his escape. The Indian Government proceeded to conviction with its charges against Savarkar before the Hague Court met, because it was well aware of the 'legal' significance of Briand's action. Had the French and English proletariat also known the secret history of the negotiations that had passed, the storm of indignant protest would never have been silenced by the promise of arbitration. The Hague award is an immoral and infamous one, especially in view of Mr. Justice Coleridge's opinion, that Savarkar ought never to have been sent to India for trial. Certain English Anarchists and Socialists have carefully ignored raising any protest against any stage of the Savarkar scandal. We now trust that they understand the menace of their ignoble silence. The Hague judgment establishes the right of Russian agents, acting in collusion with the English police, to kidnap any Russian comrade, and transport him to Siberia without the knowledge or consent of the British people or even the British Parliament. No rule of International Law could be invoked for his restoration. Emphasis is lent to this possibility by the fact that the Russian Duma passed a Bill annulling the right of political asylum on the same day as the Hague award was given against Savarkar. This Bill provided for the extradition, by mutual arrangements with other Governments, of political offenders guilty of attacks on the life, health, or honour (?) of a foreign ruler! The first victory against this campaign of reaction can be won by demanding Savarkar's release. . . . The right of political asylum must not be tamely surrendered to that unholy trinity of craven Czar, renegade Briand, and Featherstone assassin Asquith." On June 27th, 1911, Savarkar was brought from Madras to Bombay, and taken on board the s.s. Maharaja, bound for Andamano. His sentence expires on December 24th, 1960! He is allowed to write one letter a year to his wife! Before going further with this exposure, I wish to say this: Much capital has been made by an English monthly Anarchist journal published in England out of the Malatesta iniquity. That same journal never uttered one word of protest against the Savarkar scandal. I say to the Anarchist movement that this is cowardly sectarianism run mad. If we believe in freedom and justice, we will demand Savarkar's immediate release with the same fervour, the same unwavering determination, as that with which we demanded and demand Malatesta's. Let our love of freedom be a reality, not a white man's sectarian pretence. Let not our righteousness be as filthy rags. Life-incarnation is as bad for Savarkar as for Malatesta. The recent disgusting Indian Durbar witnessed the Royal Proclamation, promising valueless reforms, and the pardon of political prisoners. Savarkar, so far as I have seen, was not included among the pardoned. Why? Was he not a political offender? And look at the facts of his conviction! Mr. Justice Coleridge held he ought not to have been sent to India, but waived his opinion as a minority view—he was one against two. This means that Savarkar's return to India was a fluke. His real offence was committed in England, and, if tried here, his sentence would have been twelve months in the first division. Then, he was illegally detained in French waters, and also illegally pursued and rearrested on French soil after his gallant escape. The Hague award was not unanimous—a minority being for Savarkar's return to France. That award could never have been given but for secret diplomacy that was a gross violation of the constitutional principles both of French and English Government. Under these circumstances, nothing but the most vindictive fury could inspire those who insist on Savarkar's continued incarceration. A Government that insults the starving millions in India and England by the Royal puppet show at Delhi—that promises pardon to political offenders, only to retain its hold over a man who is the victim of the most infamous knavery our capitalistic governors could evolve—is one of the worst abominations of the earth. All the empty pomp and tinsel show of monarchical pauper splendour cannot lend dignity to its machinations nor glory to its career. Seditious these words of mine may be. Just and deserved they certainly are. Yet worse is to follow. Immediately upon the conclusion of the Durbar "triumph," it was officially announced that Sir Edward Grey had appointed Sir Eyre Alexander Crowe, K.C.M.G., C.B., to be Assistant Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs. Crowe was appointed a Clerk at the Foreign Office in 1885, and received his promotion to Assistant Clerkship in 1900, and to Senior Clerkship six years later. He was knighted in 1911, in recognition of his services rendered in connection with the Savarkar Arbitration at the Hague. Just reflect how much gloating on the part of the English Government over its victim this rapid promotion of Crowe points to. But it must cease. Savarkar must be released at an early date. To this end I am reorganising the Savarkar Release Committee. Leaflets will be prepared for free distribution; this number of THE FREEWOMAN will be widely circulated, and large demonstrations in Trafalgar Square and elsewhere will be arranged almost immediately. Meanwhile, let every reader of THE FREEWOMAN send unstamped, but marked "O.H.M.S.," letters to the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for India demanding Savarkar's immediate release. Tyranny must be checked, unless we would all become the victims of the insatiate monster of Governmental despotism. From pure selfishness, therefore, we should raise our voices without any further delay, Guy A. ALDRED. Done For. (With apologies to the author of " Provided For") UNCLE mine! Hast heard the gloomy tidings? Henry has been and gone and done it." "Give me one of your excellent cigarettes, William," said the old gentleman. "And explain yourself further." "Henry is engaged," announced William, handing over his cigarette-case. William was a manly fellow, and earned quite a lot per annum in a bank. Uncle Albert abstracted three cigarettes from the case, placed two on the arm of his chair and lit the other. "Convey my congratulations to Henry," he said at length. "You manage to keep cool over it, anyhow, dear uncle," observed William. Uncle blew two rings. "You are not to infer from my disinclination to agitate myself during this hot weather, my dear nephew, that I am not deeply affected by your good news. I can only wish that your dear father had been spared to give Henry his blessing. Nevertheless, he shall have mine." "Yours, dear uncle," remarked George (a flourishing junior reporter), "would come better, to put it in the vulgar, if you had ever been there yourself." The old gentleman brushed some ash from his expanse of waistcoat. "If, George, I am to interpret your coarse phraseology as implying that my lifelong celibacy debars me from feeling genuine delight at hearing that one of my nephews has at length chosen the better path, I can only-" "There, there!" said George, stroking his uncle's hand. "But you haven't troubled to ask who the lady is." Uncle lifted his shoulders ever so lightly. "That, my dear nephew, is of secondary importance. Any good woman—and I am sure that, after his upbringing, Henry could be acquainted with none but good women—any good woman, I say, will be able to assure Henry of those simple home delights and joys which every man should strive to deserve." "How beautifully put, Uncle Albert. Yet you, for example, seem to have kept fairly healthy without said joys." Uncle shook his head sadly. "I do not like, George, your flippant tone when speaking of sacred subjects. You will express yourself differently when you have known the love of a good woman." Both the nephews bowed their heads. "Anyhow," said William," Henry is done for. Sentenced for life! On his screw, too! Poor Henry!" "She'll bleed him," murmured George, in a deep voice. "She'll hold him in. What a fate! " The two youths caught one another's eyes. There was a tense silence. They were both thinking of their poor dead father. Uncle was lighting a second cigarette. "Man's lot is hard," sighed William at length. "Either a poor, lonely, pathetic bachelor like uncle, or a lowly, hard-driven slave like-" He caught his brother's eye again, and mentioned no names. Even George and William had moments of reverence .... Henry, in the meantime, was buying a third box of chocolates for his Beatrice in the stalls of the nearest cinematograph theatre. "You're sure you can afford it, dearest ?" she murmured. "Darling," he breathed, " all I have is yours!" And so it was—and always will be. F. O'ROBIN. LADIES BLANCHARD's APIOL and STEEL PILLS Are unrivalled for all Female Ailments, &amp;c., they speedily afford relief and never fail to alleviate the suffering. 'BLANCHARD'S are the Best of all Pills for Women.' per box, of BOOTS' and all Chemists; or post free from LESLIE MARTYN, Ltd., 34, Dalston Lane, LONDON "The Freewoman" Discussion Circle. THE fifth meeting of the Circle took place on Wednesday, June 19th, at Chandos Hall. Before the discussion took place, the question of the chairman was brought up for settlement. It was decided that for this session a permanent chairman and vice-chairman should be elected, and the voting resulted in the election of Mr. Charles Granville and Mrs. Gallichan as chairman and vice-chairman respectively, a decision which will give, it is certain, satisfaction to the members of the Circle. The discussion for the evening was opened by Mr. Selwyn Weston, who spoke on "Ideas of Freedom," and his opening was followed by a long and heated debate. There was much interest in the opener's remarks, and in the discussion which followed. Several speakers expressed a strong desire for discussions on vital problems which could be handled in a practical way, leading to definite action. One member suggested the formation of a special "Actionist Group," a suggestion received "with marked approval. The secretary will be glad to receive names of members desirous of joining such a group, and further requests members to send in any practical suggestions they may have. In accordance with the wishes of some members, the session's programme is reprinted below. Will members kindly preserve this programme, as in future each meeting only will be announced in turn ? The next meeting will be held on Wednesday, July 3rd, at Chandos Hall, Maiden Lane, W.C., at 8 p.m. Mr. Guy Aldred will open a discussion on " Sex Oppression, and the Way Out." PROGRAMME FOR SESSION, JULY—OCT., 1912. Date. Subject. Speaker. July 3. Sex Oppression and the Mr. Guy Aldred Way Out July 17. Some Problems in Eugenics Mrs. Havelock Ellis July 31. The Problem of Celibacy .. Mrs. Gallichan Sept. 4. Neo-Malthusianism .. Dr. Drysdale Sept. 18. Prostitution .. .. - Oct. 2. The Abolition of Domestic Mrs. Melvin and Drudgery Miss Rona Robin- son, M.Sc Oct. 16. The Reform of the Divorce Mr. E. S. P. Haynes Laws N.B.—No meetings held during August. B. Low (Acting Secretary). THE FREEWOMAN notices &amp; terms of subscription EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed : 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO.. LTD., 16, Kirg Street, Covent Garder«, London, W.C. Telegrams to "Lumenifer, London." Terms of Subscription .-—Yearly, 14s. ; Six Months, 7s. ; Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union. ADVER TISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Manager, THR FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garder, London, W.C. Correspondence. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the editor.—Ed. STRINDBERG. To the Editor of The Freewoman. Madam,—Miss Skovgaard-Pedersen is so polite in her criticism of my article that I feel most reluctant to tell 'her that I am not really as ignorant as I may appear. However, in emulation of her admirable letter, I will 'put it mildly. When I labelled Strindberg "disagreeable," I did so under an obvious reservation. I need hardly direct Miss Pedersen's attention to those much-quoted words of Strindberg himself: "An event in life ... is usually occasioned by a series of more or less deep-seated motifs, but the inspector generally chooses that one which his power of judgment finds simplest to grasp, or that his gift of judgment considers the most honourable. For example, someone commits suicide : 'bad business,' says the citizen; 'unhappy love,' says the woman; 'sickness,' the sick man; 'disappointed hopes,' the bankrupt." So with every human judgment—each is influenced, if not coloured out of all recognition, by the particular temperament or mental attitude of its maker. My designation of Strindberg as "disagreeable" was made, as a reference to the context will show, from the point of view of society. I called him "disagreeable" for much the same reason that Moliere called his Alceste a Misanthrope. As a matter of fact, Alceste possessed every one of those qualities of kindness and ultimate benevolence which Miss Pedersen (and I think I) emphasised in the character of Strindberg. With regard to Strindberg's mania for "manly" women, I'm afraid Miss Pedersen has missed my point— and I'm afraid the fault is mine. I used the word "manly" in a sense elaborated at some length in a previous article (Vol. (I., N0. 25), as simply the antithesis of that sympathetic and self-sacrificing element which—for convenience sake, and following Goethe—I called "womanly," and which I attributed to Strindberg himself. I think if Miss Pedersen will read my article in that light, she will find plenty of evidence for my thesis—both in the characters (as far as we can judge them) of Strindberg's actual wives, and also in the main female portraits in his plays and novels. Miss Pedersen seeks to rebut my assertion of Strindberg's "ineradicable hatred" of women, by a quotation from "The Confession of a Fool," in which he describes his pitiful dependence on a woman he knows to be entirely worthless. But if this is not physical passion, I don't know what is—nor does it show the real Strindberg, any more than the aberrant Wilde was the real Wilde. The real Strindberg was the enthusiast who found joy in a terrible life struggle against circumstances. One hates to think of these weak moments of his, when he would humiliate himself like the most effeminate Bohemian. How far preferable (to me, at any rate) are the most fiendish of his misogynistic outbursts ! When I said that Strindberg—like Shaw—sprang from the lower middle-class, I was referring—as, again, a reference to my article will show—to his financial standing. I did not attempt to deal with him from a Eugenist point of view. I am quite aware of his connection with the nobility (much good it did him !). Shaw boasts of a similar "distinction." For the rest, I should like to thank Miss Skovgaard-Pedersen for the interesting details she gave of Strindberg's latter days; and to express a hope that we may see her translation of the "Inferno" in the near future; it should greatly stimulate English interest in this great man H. F. Rubinstein. THE REBUILDING OF THE YOSHIWARA. Madam,—Your correspondent, Mr. Duckham, has mistaken the meaning of my article, and I had better answer his bad opinion of me by plainly telling him what my article actually did mean. It meant to ask the question: Is it better that prostitution, if recognised as inevitable, should be segregated and cared for, or that it should be scattered in our midst, without any attempt to mitigate its degradation or its disease? As regards my statement that all men acknowledge prostitution to be a necessity, I meant men who know history and the world. Men who say "if," I should more expressly have excluded. If men and women were all pure, then I agree that prostitution would not be inevitable. But as far as' 1 know, amongst all civilised peoples of the past and present it has always existed. 1 would be only too glad to hear of one in which it did not or does not exist. I have heard, as a single instance, that it did not exist in Burma before the English occupation, and would be most grateful for any confirmation of this report. If it can be abolished, and the chastity of married life at the same time preserved, by all means let us abolish it. But unless someone can bring forth profitable evidence—that is to say, something more substantial than "ifs" and hopes—that this is possible, and unless the means of abolition are rapid in their effect, the immediate question as to whether the Japanese should adopt the European mode, which forces these women to parade the most frequented streets, makes the streets a danger to chaste girls and young women when alone, and allows sickness to be scattered abroad, or whether they should rebuild the Yoshiwara, where, during the period of their contract, the women are segregated, and protected as far as possible from disease and degradation, is a perfectly legitimate one. A second letter stood over the name of Mr. E. M. Watson. He began in his first paragraph by expressing the opinion that when I wrote "this pitiable business of prostitution" I did not mean what I wrote. His second point was that I made covert gibes. So irony has to suffer at the hands of innocence. That he is innocent is shown by the number of "ifs" he introduced. If men were as good as missionaries, there would be no Piccadilly parade. If all men were like pure priests and Arctic explorers, things would be different. I would suggest that men should combine the two, and embrace the snow, as did, I believe, St. Anthony. I think that a better suggestion than Mr. Watson's open recommendation of self-abuse. Mr. Watson then changed from "ifs" to "oughts," and told me for what I ought to plead, were I as innocent of possibilities as he is. Finally, once more he expressed the opinion that I did not mean what I wrote, because he could not believe that I, a doctor, could be grieved at what seemed to me an inevitable disease, and suggested that Japan—not England—should not abandon her method of treating it too readily. There is no further need to answer this mixture of "ifs," "oughts," and disbeliefs. As Mr. Watson would agree, to expose them is sufficient. G. T. Wrench. SHALL THE YOSHIWARA BE REBUILT? Madam,—Whilst entirely agreeing with R. McDuckham's letter, it appears to me that the desires of men are not quite so easily overcome, nor the evils of prostitution so lightly crushed as he—or she?—seems to imagine. But I certainly think that, had Dr. Wrench lived for any considerable period of time in a country where prostitution is a State-protected institution, he would not have written as he does. If one or two abuses are lessened by this means—the power of the souteneur, for example, or the exploitation of the client too naive or too tipsy to take care of himself—it gives rise to many other and far worse ones. The kidnapping of young girls that the bordels may be supplied with yOung and attractive wares is one of these, and is exceedingly difficult to prevent in any country where bordels are tolerated, though I am aware that it may also exist to a lesser extent in countries where they are not. Then there is the question of the police de moeurs. Some of these men may be honest and respectable members of society—very many of them are not. Dr. Forel, in his book, "The Sexual Question," gives an instance of a girl who came under his care at one time. Although perfectly honest and pure, she had been forced to become the mistress of one of these police officers, as he had threatened otherwise to "give her a ticket," that is to say, to brand her as a professional prostitute, and oblige her to lead a life of shame. An alert police officer who discovers many girls carrying on the trade illicitly and reports them is sure of speedy promotion, therefore if they cannot discover them in the ordinary course of events they will descend to trickery of the meanest and most abominable description. I have heard of numerous cases where they have deliberately seduced girls, persuaded them to accept some little present in return for their favours—and instantly reported them. In Russia, in certain parts of Germany, in Copenhagen until recently, and no doubt in other countries as well, the girls thus denounced are obliged to take up tneir abode in certain disreputable quarters of the city devoted to this purpose, and so impregnated with vice that even the best of them can scarcely tail to become, in a short time, coarsened and corrupted. They have no chance of escaping, unless by marriage or the purchase of their freedom, and the majority of them end their days miserably in the hospital. That the spread of venereal disease is not in the least prevented by these measures is a well-known and proved fact, those countries where prostitution is State-protected being at least as bad in this way as the others. Forel—whose book I would earnestly recommend to anyone interested in the subject, especially to anyone who believes that prostitution is "a necessity of social life" (the delicacy of our morals has prohibited its publication in England, but it can be obtained at the price of ten francs from any French bookseller)—gives a grimly entertaining anecdote illustrative of this. "A conscientious Dutch doctor, Chanfleury van Issjelstein, who seriously desired to eliminate from the bordels all the infected prostitutes, succeeded in very nearly emptying these houses, in order to send their pensionnaires to the hospital for a lengthy treatment. A veritable revolt was the result, his life was even endangered, and he was obliged to renounce his project." Forel goes on to say that in the ordinary hospital practice the doctors "shut one eye, or even an eye and* a half," treat the worst cases, allow a certain time to elapse, and then send the girls back to the bordels often very far from cured. And there is another aspect to the case. Who are the "necessary women"? Not only the inherently vicious and degenerate, those trained to vice from their childhood, but too often the innocent and helpless victims of our ruthless social system. Shopgirls earning a pound a month, out of which to supply themselves with board, lodging, clothes, etc.—I heard of such a case in Brest only the other day—to whom it is insinuated by their employers that they can very easily "make a little in their evenings"! and who are obliged to fall in with the suggestion or starve. Girls who have been seduced, and made to give birth to illegitimate children. Girls who have been kidnapped, or enticed into houses of ill-fame; girls, in short, who represent all classes of society and all degrees of moral development, though a few years of the degrading career of vice may bring them to about the same level. Circumstances, and above all those two factors, capitalism and alcohol, combine to produce this unhappy class, and the "gross and perverted passions of men" are not always to blame for it. Whilst prostitution exists men will succumb to temptation, and take advantage of it; but it is, to a certain extent, a case where the supply creates the demand, and a readjustment of our social laws might work wonders in diminishing the numbers of what we are pleased to call "fallen women," although "the oldest profession in the world" may never be entirely abolished. We do not, at least, need to encourage or condone it, nor to hold out to its exploiters the protection and approval of the State. One would like to hear the opinion of other British medical men on the subject. Do they agree with Dr. Wrench? Amy Skovgaard-Pedersen. June 19th, 1912. PROBLEM PLAYS AND NOVELS. Madam,—The article "Problem Plays and Novels" is exceedingly interesting, but may I be allowed to suggest Mr. Donnisthorpe has a little overstated his plea for truth? The basic elements of Morality, Truth, Purity, Faith, Hope may be fundamentally the root of all heroic action, but individually applied in our great complex civilisation their effect in many cases is not what their strenuous advocates desire. Take an example of social morality— marriage. In this case, the impossible marriage vow has been broken, and one party of the contract has formed another and deeper attachment. Truth! Confession! cry these advocates of the simple, straightforward course. But here comes in the initial mistake. Even if the matter is kept entirely between the man and woman concerned, with no disruption of home or family, as Mr. Donnisthorpe suggests, this truth is not at all advisable in many cases, because it is far from being the simple matter it looks on the surface. I will take Confession later. To begin with, we have here in this vast Western social life as units comprising millions, bolts in the construction of a mighty ship. And there is so little round us, simple or detachable, that where we move we shake the very foundations of the whole structure. Where we struggle we start a thousand vibratory circles quivering round us. So before reaching such an emotional dilemma as a broken marriage vow, will a thousand subtle misunderstandings have crept in. Then comes the fatal blow, the acknowledged unlawful love of another. Now, blurt out the truth—be simple! frank! outspoken! and see the result. The home is not to be destroyed in this case, no family ties broken, the same freedom and unsuspicious attitude maintained— but how? This truth is a veritable canker worm in the soul of the innocent party—(the guilty one having got rid of it, feels a mighty uplifting therein). In tired and evil moments it gnaws at the roots of what is left of understanding far from establishing a new one. It is, in reality, the statement of a painful fact of which one party wishes to rid himself. And my truth is not your truth—my sin not your sin. Why should you grasp it, shoulder it, and rid me of its horrid presence? The husband and wife are distinct individualities—perhaps more so with the added experience of direct contact with the opposite sex than they were when single. Each have their own codes of honour—their own complex approach to such codes. A hundred thousand reasons may have brought about this infringement of the marriage vow, which in neither case will the other understand by the simple putting into words of the bald fact at the climax, "I love someone else better than you." In many of these cases, therefore, I do not advocate the truth, but a bold lie, and I declare that this eternal craving for the expression of the ever elusive Ego, regardless of another's life and feelings, is monstrous. Let the man or woman grapple with himself or herself alone. Say, "I made this vow. I have broken it. I shall make another. It is to learn to control myself better in future; to realise that in suppressing these unlawful feelings for the good of the community, as now arranged, I shall develop my individuality, not retard it." This crude method of truth, advocated by Mr. Donnisthorpe, is a bombshell in a glass house. The ready cry rises, "Shatter the glass house then!" No, set up something more satisfactory in its place first; or, if the glass house must be shattered, retire to a lovely island of the Pacific, and bombard it there, where its splinters find nothing more impressionable than rocks and stones and sea. Suppress these horrible mistakes, for they are mistakes as society is now constituted, and they will die a natural death. Put them into words to another, and they will inevitably breed a nasty crop of new terrors. And this brings me to confession, that most luxurious of mental Turkish baths. Nine people out of ten repent of a confession a week after it is made. "Confidence," between husband and wife on such a subject forsooth! Confidence in oneself perhaps, and one's power to retrieve the blunder, but never in the power of another to forget it. The brave attacking of oneself is what is needed so much in these days. These truths and confessions, which must inevitably blight another's life, are the tricks of a fool to blind his own eyes to his weakness and irrationality. Rather work, and smile, and lie wholesomely and heartily, till graduallv kind old nature patches up the broken heart, and herself suggests new methods of life and conduct. Avon. June 20th, 1912. "POLITICAL" OFFENDERS. Madam,—May one suggest that beneath the apparent "mistiness" of sentimentally progressive arguments for respectful treatment of political offenders, there is a sound basis of instinct, difficult to express in logical form, but valuable in its tendency to save the exponents of freedom and authority alike from the extremities of their own logic? While the rebel's spirited challenge, "Do your worst," is doubtless consistent, those members of the community with no desire for the blood of the prophets upon their heads, cannot afford to take him at his word. It is true that, so far as he is concerned, their protests will probably have as much success as Crito's when he implored Socrates to be saved by his friends. There remains, however, the duty of inducing in the authorities, on the other hand, some measure of "grace, wisdom, and understanding." Far from asking favour for the offenders, this is merely endeavouring to open official eyes to the defects of rules which ultimately involve us all in the guilt of persecution. It would surely seem that the standard of endurance expected from saints and political rebels may be left to themselves, and that even in a humane community their thirst for overwork and spiritual conflict will be sufficiently exacting. In the meantime, is it not permissible to welcome wherever it occurs the humble, but not intrinsically impossible, educational endeavour to create a preference for hearing the prophet rather than building his sepulchre? W. Hindshaw. "SPIRITUAL PASSION." Madam,—Mr. Granville, in his recent paper given at the Discussion Circle, very emphatically insisted on the desirability of every speaker and writer connected with The Freewoman, being able, when held up over a word or expression used by him or her, to explain it in a reasonably clear way. I am therefore moved to ask whether the following definition of that expression, "spiritual passion," so often used by you recently, is adequate and perhaps preferable to "vital principle," which I believe you once suggested as an alternative term. Is not spiritual passion simply continuous emotion, as contrasted with an ephemeral emotion, which may be termed sentimentality? Will it not appear upon reflection that the one, i.e., continuous emotion, is evoked not by the objects or events themselves, but by the mental pictures of them formed and retained in the mind or imagination, and that the ephemeral emotion is roused directly by the sight of the physical objects themselves, or immediate experience? Hence arose the term spiritual passion, i.e., passion evoked by the mental part of man. That spiritual passion should denote something noble is not essential. Moral implications slip into expressions which often obscure their primary meaning. A spiritual passion probably will be noble, because the law of survival tends to suppress ignoble passion, passion of any kind being a strenuous effort, but it is its continuousness that is the essential characteristic of spiritual passion, and not its moral nature. Take the simple instance of the ordinary man and a social reformer in face of distress among the poor. When the former has poverty brought to his immediate notice, he is moved and gives alms, and, perhaps, goes on and forgets. His emotion vanishes when the object that evokes it is withdrawn. It was no doubt perfectly normal, and perhaps even violent, but it did not last, hence it may legitimately, be called sentimentality, and be considered of small value. The social reformer, on the other hand, may or may not be immediately moved, but he carries away with him a mental picture that stays with him, and continues constantly to provoke emotion in him, and this constant emotion we may, I think, legitimately call spiritual passion. Or take the instance of an ordinary man and a passionate mourner in the presence of death. Normal racial instinct in the former will move him to awe, as all physical crises arouse the tribal instincts, but directly he emerges from the presence of death his emotion is generally over. On the other hand, the passionate mourner harbours an image, which will prolong his emotion long after he has left the surroundings of death. In fact, depth of emotion is a matter of time, and not violence. Such, then, is what we mean by spiritual passion— continuous emotion as opposed to the brief stirrings of sentimentality. H. M. Pulley. INTERPRETATIONS OF SEX. Madam,—We beg your further indulgence in order to correct the interpretation which our letter to last week's Freewoman, as printed, must surely have given. The controversial point which we raised, and which was the main object of the letter, was unfortunately omitted, no doubt for reasons of space. The point was this: That the sex-relationships, given true unions and freedom of expression, so far from ending in momentary transitory experiences of joy and creation, is really meant to be the centre and source of all future development in creation, as it has been in the past stages of evolution, from the union of two elements to form a new substance, or the union of two cells resulting in further cells, and so on, through all the stages to the human one. And all these acts of sex, or unions of affinities, are actually contained and represented together, and, at the same time, in ourselves—in our bodies. So will the same process of sex-union and its resultant creation hold through all the other stages of human and superhuman development. And it is here that the practice of the doctrine of Karezza (a modern name for an older theory) comes in just now, at the time when many (including "Northerner") are eager to use their love forces to more than physical ends. Also it is here that the prevailing prejudices about sex and sex-relationships are likely to, and actually do, lead even the freest thinkers on these matters in the wrong direction. Even The Freewoman, in Article II. on "Interpretations of Sex," talks of "momentary semi-physical sex-experience," which cannot be "fixed " mentally because "there is nothing left over," as if it were at best a limited process of creation. Our contention is that it is not limited, either in duration or to its results, and that the body does not "defeat the experience," but may lead it on to "a prolongation of the mental (or spiritual) experience, Which is desired." By the application of control, guaranteed according to the degree of love put into the relationship, the sex-act can be used not only for physical procreation, but also for the creation of all other forms of service—physical, mental and spiritual. The momentary physical climax is not necessarily the only end to sex relations, nor is the interflow of sex necessarily limited in duration. This is the important "discovery," which can be proved by any 'true lovers, that by free self-giving love, guaranteeing control, the sex-embrace can be used either for physical procreation—by allowing the physical climax to take place—or it can be used to create other forms and powers of service needed, by deferring or changing the physical climax (without material preventatives, which are superfluous), for an interflow of spiritual or mental sex forces via the body, which interflow, may continue for an unlimited period, according to the love and the need. Thus the bodily emotions will retain their place, while continuing along with the higher developments of mind and spirit. In reply to the questions put by "B. L." Surely this writer is too dogmatic about the name the parties to a free union are "entitled" to take. Having formed a union in freedom, are we not free to take what name we like, or (which is the sole consideration) what name serves the best use? Personally, we think the best solution is to retain both the names in a conjoint name, and it was merely to save space that we did not do this in the letter under consideration. With regard to ""B. L. 's" second point, we confess that our warning might be a little unnecessary, but we do feel strongly how much the complete success of free unions depends upon their seriousness of motive and purpose. Especially is this so while our present society, with its motive-perverting laws, persists. However our letter may have read, it was certainly not our intention to dogmatise, but merely to give our experience as we had it, which to us has been very satisfactory. Mary and Stanley Rogers Randolph. June 18th, 1912. © © © THE MARRIAGE SERVICE. Madam,—Can you inform me whence the beautiful pledge given by the man, "With my body I thee worship," is derived? I have never heard this quoted as one so frequently disobeyed and ignored. What we worship, we treasure. What we worship, we protect. What we worship, we adore and never injure. The expression, "With my body," is so significant that the originator must have had in his mind the possible substitution of some such words and procedures as— With my body I thee insult. With my body I thee trample on. With my body I thee terribly oppress. The perjury committed by those who, uttering this vow, flagrantly ignore it, must often come to the minds of those who are the victims of such substitutions. June 17th, 1912. A Protestant. [We have not the information at hand.—Ed.] © © © "PASS THE BILL." Madam,—I am quite unaware of the fact that I have modified in any way "the severity" of my attitude towards the "Pass the Bill" Committee. I have stated, in my opinion, the Bill is a bogus measure, of no utility in suppressing the real criminals; but will only harass persons who are already too much at the mercy of "moral" persecution. One cannot state every argument in a letter or in an article; but the reason I think the White Slave traffic and prostitution should be dealt with together is this. Without prostitution, and the moral view in the society which compels prostitution, there would be no market for the White Slave; and the traffic would become too dangerous, as it would be far more difficult to conceal. There are several paragraphs in Mrs. Vulliamy's letter which are so obscurely worded that I cannot follow her reasoning—it may be the printer's fault. For the present, I will pass them by. 1 repeat, that your correspondent is wrong in saying a woman can be arrested on suspicion of being a prostitute, or a night-walker. Women and men alike can be arrested for "loitering," "accosting," and similar charges. Both men and women are liable to be arrested on the suspicion of loitering or accosting; but a woman of good character can easily show her innocence, whereas a man of good character stands much less chance of escape. C. H. Norman. P.S.—There is a most serious error in the article on "The Immorality of the Marriage Contract." The writer states a man " can claim total conjugal rights over the woman he marries, and can also obtain social intercourse elsewhere without prejudice to his claims upon his wife." That is utterly untrue. One act of adultery on the part of a man, without anything else, entitles a woman to a judicial separation, and to alimony for the rest of her life. No woman is compelled to live with a man who has committed adultery. I contradict this suggestion so emphatically, because I regret that The Freewoman should have begun the suffragist methods of misrepresenting the code of law. C. H. Norman. COOKING AND DRUDGERY. Madam,—As one of the writers of the article on the domestic "Sweat Shop," I venture to write a few words in reply to your correspondent's criticism of the same. It is, doubtless, true that some men may like cooking— in "small doses." I have even known men who liked knitting, and not a few who were experts at crewel work. But the gulf between such individuals and the housewife who cooks because she must—and who may never escape from cooking—is a vast one. Supposing that a man were practically a prisoner within the four walls of his house, and driven, by necessity, to spend his whole time, day after day, and year after year, in a round of cookery, varied by the frivolous delights of scrubbing dirty floors, and scouring dishes and saucepans, which practically excluded him from outside interests, he would not speak so lightly of the charming variety of domestic duties ! Your correspondent's remarks anent washing-up are Arcadian. Does he—or she—suggest that we are to wash-up once a week, and then to polish off the mountainous accumulation of stale—and, by that time, practically unwashable—crockery and cooking utensils in one day entirely devoted to such work? For his or her enlightenment, I wish that I could forward a photograph of a kitchen wherein even one day's washing-up of a family had been left to accumulate. For even one day's accumulation of dirty saucepans and crockery suffices to block up every available inch of space upon the tables and dressers. Your correspondent would, therefore, in a short time, be unable to move about the kitchen, if this policy of deferred washing-up were persisted in. It may be possible, after a fashion, to contrive with two diurnal washings-up, in the case of a family; or, perhaps, with one, in the case of a solitary individual. But this is reducing the process to a minimum. With regard to your correspondent's remarks, anent the gramaphone, etc., there is nothing to be said. I quite agree that they are pertinent. It is all very well for those who, as I have stated before, enjoy amateur cooking—in "small doses"—to put forward the selfish plea that economic science would tear their favourite pastime from them. Such persons can easily discover for themselves some other congenial form of recreation; whereas, under present conditions, the housewife is left practically no opportunity for recreallon at all. Consider for a moment, as an example, the detail of the Sunday dinner. Sunday is the Day of Rest for everybody except the poor housewife—who is not always fortunate enough to have such a husband, who enjoys cooking, as is described by your correspondent. The necessity for this great Sunday dinner, therefore, renders the Sabbath a day of added toil, instead of a day of rest, to her—not merely because of the cookery, which cannot be left unattended to, but also because of the added work of scouring extra plates and cooking utensils which the preparation of the feast subsequently entails. This dinner, therefore, excludes her from public worship, if she desires to join in it; and, indeed, even from the freedom to upraise her thoughts, for one day in the week, above the circumscribed level of "What shall we eat, what shall we drink, and wherewithal shall we be clothed? " Such is the housewife's position at the present moment, whereas a thoughtful mind, considering the question fairly, sees many ways in which economic science, as expressed by co-operative housekeeping, might improve her position and upraise her outlook on life.— Yours, etc., Alice C. Burnett. THE ORDER OF THE GOLDEN AGE. Madam,—The recent libel case, in which Dr. Robert Bell was awarded 2,000 damages, has aroused considerable interest in the cancer scourge, and the possibility of a cure. As a philanthropic society we have been instrumental in spreading knowledge in regard to this disease, having had the assistance of Dr. Bell on our Council, and having published works by him on the subject. I shall be pleased to send a copy of our journal, containing an article by Dr. Bell, to any of your readers who enclose a few stamps to cover postage.—Yours faithfully, Percy E. Beard, Hon. Secretary. 153 and 155, Brompton Road, London, S.W., June 19th, 1912. THE HUMANITARIAN LEAGUE. The following resolution has been passed by the Committee of the Humanitarian League :—" That this Committee, while expressing its satisfaction at the transference of Mrs. Pankhurst and Mr. and Mrs. Pethick Lawrence to the first division, claims that the same privilege shall be extended to the other suffragist prisoners who have not yet served the whole of their sentences, and urges the acceptance of the principle, that all political offenders are entitled to be thus treated." ADORI Beg to draw the attention of readers of THE FREEWOMAN to their forthcoming Manly Names Competition in which Messrs. GERALD DU MAURIER, ALLAN AYNESWORTH, HERBERT SLEATH, DENNIS EADIE, HENRY LYTTON, and G. P. HUNTLEY will act as Judges, and in which 250 valuable Prizes will be awarded. In addition to thete Prize*, so many rusterner? have written us erquiring for one of our quant Gold encased SENKA Charms, to which Japanese tradition attaches such mysterious and wonderful powers, that we have decided to immediately present one to every customer who sends Orders of not less value than 2s. 6d-. tithfr for Two Boxes of Soap ,1s. 3d. per Box). Bottle of Pe:fume (2s. 6d.&gt;. Pottle of Adori Hair Tonic (2s. 6d.), or Jar of Mass.-.ge Cream '2s. 6d.). Write Ordec* distinctly on plain paper, and add what you consider the 3 most mrniy names for a boy. 3 selections may be sent by all s.nding P.O. 1/3 for Large Trial Box of ADORI SOAP (4.000 unsolicited Testimonials received). ADORI, Gotchen Buildings, Henrietta Street, London, W.C. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALL1NSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the change* of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations ; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that v o nan should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed ; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility ; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the change," a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told ; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4. Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for Is. 2d. -STEPHEN SWIFT'S- Latest Publications TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY By CHARLES LAPWORTH in collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully Illustrated. 10s. 6d. net. A large order for copies of "tripoli and young italy" has been received from the ITALIAN GOVERNMENT that it may distribute them among its Embassies and Consulates. The Italian Prime Minister has written officially to the author expressing his congratulations and thanks for a book which he describes as " a veritable act of homage to the truth ... a book which will make all fair-minded people realise the sincerity and righteousness of the new manifestation of vitality on the part of the Italian Nation." " The real story of the Tripolitan campaign is told in an engrossing way by Mr. Lapworth."— Pall Mall Gazette. "Those who are anxious to see a full statement of the Italian case for the war, and a carefully compiled account of the resources and possibilities of this new colony will find complete particulars in his book."—Times. A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By REMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix,by ARTHUR RAN SOME. 5s. net. " An audacious excursus of fancy pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist."—Athenaeum. " What we should have missed had so fine a piece of art, so subtle a piece of reasoning been withheld from us." —Robert Blatchford in the Clarion. " Sensitive translation of M. de Gourmont's exquisite book."—Observer. " It is likely to make a 1 stir. "'—Richard King in the Tatler. SOME OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES By DOROTHY SENIOR 10s. 6d. net. "She has rewritten the histories of such 'old worthies' as Thomas Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy."—Vanity Fair. " A charming book, well designed and well printed."—Athenaeum. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880-1905 : Pater, Wilde, and After By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. SONNETS AND BALLATE OF GUIDO CAVALCANTI Translated by EZRA POUND. Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. 6d. net. More than one Italian critic of authority has considered Cavalcanti second only to Dante in their literature. Dante places him first among his forerunners. SHAKESPEARE'S END: and two other irish plays By CONAL O'RIORDAN (Norreys Connell). Crown 8vo, cloth, 3s. 6d. net. " Mr. O'Riordan has talent of a very exceptional character. . . . There is something here that is tine, completely achieved, unique."— Daily News. IRISH HOME RULE: THE LAST PHASE By S. G. HOBSON. 3s. 6d. net. "Mr. Hobson," says the Athenaeum, " puts the case for Home Rule with a freshness which is remarkable at this stage of the controversy." Reviewers of all parties agree that he treats the problems of land and finance with equal acuteness, picturesqueness and lucidity. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL By W. R. TITTERTON. 3s. 6d. net. This is an attempt to account for the weakening of the dramatic sense in modern England, and to explain the enormous importance of the music hall, and the desperate necessity of maintaining it as a means of popular expression. New 6s. Fiction IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Miss Mansfield knows the Germans at home, and analyses them with remorseless minuteness and delightful malice in a book which the critics have termed " masterly," "uncommonly bold and artistic," "strikingly realistic" and "amazingly clever." SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. "The author has a wonderful analytical faculty of laying bare the, secrets of the human heart."—Scotsman. " They never leave the reader unmoved."—Times. A SUPERMAN IN BEING By LITCHFIELD WOODS. This most original novel has everywhere received especial attention from reviewers in the Press. One critic says: " If Mr. Woods can continue to write novels as clever and original as ' A Superman in Being,' his work is well worth watching." The Morning Post devotes a special position to the work. It says: ". . . A book of distinguished promise. . . . We hope to hear more of Mr. Litchfield Woods." Complete Catalogue gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT &amp; CO., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hajkll* Watbon &amp; Viney, Ld.. 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London, E.C; and Published weekly for the Proprietor* at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C