The Crisis Join the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People January THE NEW YEAR Crisis 1914 Hereditary Bondsmen! Know Ye Not, Who Would Be Free Themselves Must Strike the Blow? One Dollar a Year Ten Cents a Copy W E WANT $1,500,000 Paid-for Insurance By December 31, 1913 In Policies from $250 to $5,000 Premiums payable Annually, Semi-Annually, Quarterly. Your application will help. Send us to-day your name, address, age, occupation. Standard Life Insurance Co. Capital paid in . . $100,000.00 OLD LINK LEGAL RESERVE HOME OFFICE: 200 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. HEMAN E. PERRY, President A. F. HERNDON, Treasurer HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents for January, 1914 Page CARTOON. "In the Saddle!" By Lorenzo Harris 119 ARTICLES THE SONG OF THE SMOKE. A Poem 132 A MAN THEY DIDN'T KNOW. A Story. By James D. Corrothers. Part II 136 A NEW BUSINESS VENTURE. By H. H. Pace 142 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE Ill MEN OF THE MONTH 120 OPINION 124 EDITORIAL 133 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 139 THE BURDEN 146 WHA T TO READ . 147 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. . MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. 108 THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth, Smith and Wellesley. Forty-two years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for Self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1913. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Winter term began December 1, 1913. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. &amp; M. College Greensboro, N. C. ADVERTISER "In the Heart of the Healthy Hills" The Agricultural and Mechanical College NORMAL, ALABAMA Makes a special effort to meet the needs of young people who must work out their own salvation. It gives breadwinners a chance to go to school and so puts a first-class English education and a trade within the reach of every young person of push and purpose. Board, lodging and washing cost $9 per month. An entrance fee of $10 covers medicine, hospital care and doctor's bill for the year. School opens the first Monday in October and closes the last Thursday in May. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President LINCOLN INSTITUTE Jefferson City, Missouri Founded by the Negro soldiers of the 64th and 65th Regiments. Supported by the State of Missouri. One of the best-equipped schools in the country for the education of Negro boys and girls. Normal, Collegiate, Agricultural and Industrial Courses. Normal diplomas carrying with them the degree B. Pd. are life certificates to teach in the public schools of Missouri. The degree A. B. conferred upon those who complete the collegiate course. Four teachers of Music: Voice Culture, Piano. Violin, Band and Orchestra Practice. Elocution and Athletics. Board $9.50 a month. Tuition $3.00 the year to Missouri students. All others pay $13.00 a year. Catalog free, B. F. ALLEN, A. M., LL. D. President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. CARNEGIE COLLEGE-HOME STUDY "60 PAGE BULLETIN FREE" COURSES BY MAIL Grammar School Agricultural High School Poultry Norma Domestic Science Professiona Civil Service Penmanship Engineering Type-writing Drawing Short-hand English Book-keeping Language Law Real Estate Reduced rates of tuition to first applicants. For "Free Bulletin" and "Special Scholarship," apply CARNEGIE COLLEGE Pres. GALBREATH No. 19D St., ROGERS. Ohio. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 109 The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —Rev. Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. W e aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. W e can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N. C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? Atlanta University Negro in American History Studies of the (In Press) Traces status of the Negro from Negro Problems discovery, colonization and settlement to the close of Revolution. 17 Monographs Sold Separately Evolution of citizenship to 20th Address: century. Also biographical sketches ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE of eminent men and women as Atlanta University, Atlanta, Ga. illuminating side lights. To every instructor of colored youth, every student in secondary The Curse of Race Prejudice schools, every one desirous of making By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. further researches, this work is com An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon mended by educators, scholars and champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushinvestigators. ing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Full bibliography, chronology and Belongs in the library of every friend of social comprehensive index. Illustrations. justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to $1.25; by postage, $1.40. Agents JAMES F. MORTON, JR. wanted. Address: 244 West 143d Street --- New York, N. Y. J. W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St., N. W. Washington, D. C. J. E. ORMES WANTED—Colored carriage smiths, ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems woodworkers, trimmers and painters. Business information by mail. Open for Sober, experienced men only. Adengagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University dress: THE CRISIS, 26 Vesey Wilberforce, O. Street, New York City. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position When Practising, Position When Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the world-renowned conductor of the Paulist Choir of Chicago, Ill., whose choir has just received the first prize awarded AT the Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending YOUR very useful and succinctly written book on 'TONE-PLACING AND VOICE-DEVELOPMENT.' Tour own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles OF the art you have cleverly reduced to A simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P.. Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier." N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be In the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly his 'PRACTICAL METHOD OF SINGING' Is A most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting A new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: PEDRO T. TINSLEY 6448 Drexel Avenue CHICAGO, ILL. LEARN TO READ MUSIC AT SIGHT FOR $1.00 Anyone in the "Brass Band" or "Stringed Orchestra" may learn in a few hours to master the Instrument he loves with our "Sight Reader" and "Sight Reader Positions." $1 (cash). Address WILLIAM D. SMITH 1636 CLARION STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. WHAT THE WORLD IS SAYING ABOUT "A Little Dreaming" By FENTON JOHNSON Who is acclaimed by prominent critics, leading authors and the international press as the foremost romantic poet and one of the greatest writers of African strain. "Praiseworthy in the ways of imagination, mysticism and romance."—Chicago "Daily News." Josephine Turck Baker, editor of "Correct English," says: "When the young poet brought his verses to me I felt that a new singer had come among us, singing of love, of passion, of joy and sorrow, sounding the depths and climbing the heights. In the brighter passages there exists the deft touch of the born artist, while in the deeper moments he makes sentient the emotions of the soul—a soul that has lived and suffered." Published by Peterson Company, Chicago. Vellum de luxe edition, 75 cents, net, illustrated. Now running in its second edition. Agents wanted in colleges, towns and cities. Address: CENTRAL DISTRIBUTION STATION 3522 State Street Suite 5 Chicago,Ill. $10.00A DAY AND MORE to live agents. 200 per cent, profit. Sells to every colored man and woman on earth. This is the quickest kind of easy money. Send 15 cents in stamps or coin for sample and terms. Money back if not satisfied at first glance. DOUGLAS SPECIALTIES COMPANY 3548 Vernon Avenue, Dept. K -- Chicago, Ill. From the Ballroom to Hell NOTE THE SPECIAL LOW PRICE THE TWENTIETH CENTURY SENSATIONNOTETHESPECIALLOWPRICE A new book by ex-dancing master T. A. Faulkner. Explains the natural and necessary effects of modern dancing, and why thousands of girls are ruined annually by its influence. Endorsed by the pulpit and press all over the country. HELP SAVE OUR GIRLS Every man and woman should read this great book. It should be in every home in the country. Tills book sells for $1.50, leather bound. We have made a special new lot, doth bound, which will enable us to specialize this sensational story at only 50 cents. Don't delay in sending in your order, as the great sale has already reduced our stock. ADDRESS ACM E PUBLISHIN G CO-, Eberly BuildingColumbus,Ohio Our special book catalog will be sent FREE with every order Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS Vol. 7—No. 3 JANUARY, 1914 Whole No. 39 ALONG THE COLOR LINE SOCIAL UPLIFT. THE Nationa l Youn g Women' s Christian Association in New York City gave a pageant illustrative of its various departments and participated in by 1,500 girls. One feature was the excellent singing of folk songs by about 125 colored girls. Colored girls also took part in the pageant given in Brooklyn on November 17,' not as a special feature, but along with the other girls. *J The colored workers in the joint Y. W. C. A.- Y. M. C. A. $4,000,000 campaign, recently carried on in New York City, raised nearly $50,000. Squire Garner, a colored butler of New York City, contributed $1,000 to the colored women's branch. The colored Y. M. C. A. will receive $150,000 and the colored Y. W. C. A. $100,000. &lt;I The colored people of Kansas, Mo., have started work on their $100,000 Y. M. C. A. Of this amount $25,000 was given by Julius Rosenwald, of Chicago; the colored people raised $33,000, although they were assessed only $25,000, and the remainder will be given from a fund of the central association. *J The Negro Organization Society of Virginia had a cleaning-up day recently all over Virginia. This society has also published a health handbook for colored people, who have so many problems because of poor housing conditions which they are compelled to accept. Nashville is beginning a campaign to raise $75,000 for a new $100,000 Y. M. C. A. Julius Rosenwald will give $25,000. *I Miss M. H. Adams will conduct a social center in Washington, D. C, under the auspices of the national Baptist women's convention. Miss Adams has been doing slum work in Scotland for the past fourteen years. *I A settlement which is doing good work was established in East Orange, N. J., seven months ago by a colored man, William P. Burrell. *I Shaw House, in Boston, has outgrown its quarters and is putting a large part of the work for men and boys in the new annex. This is in charge of the young painter, Richard L. Brown, who is continuing his art studies in Boston. *f The colored men and women at the Knox County workhouse, in Tennessee, will soon be separated as the whites are. Heretofore the colored men and women have occupied the same quarters. &lt;I During President Wilson's recent visit to Mobile, Ala., he reviewed the colored children of the public and private schools as they passed before him waving flags and singing patriotic songs. Following the children came the members of the Emancipation Association, who held their celebration on the same night. *J One of the most complete wireless telegraphy outfits in Lincoln, Neb., is owned by a young colored man, Perry Van Derzee. He easily hears messages from all of the surrounding cities, and recently heard the naval station at Arlington sending out the time. TH E CRISIS *J Dan Crawford, who has spent more than twenty years in the heart of Africa doing missionary work, spoke to a large audience in Philadelphia recently. Mr. Crawford declared that he would be glad to leave this so-called civilized country, for the black men are intelligent and more moral than their white brothers. *J Citizens of Toronto, Ont., held a meeting in appreciation of Alderman Hubbard, a colored man who has served in the city council for twenty years. A picture of Alderman Hubbard was unveiled and one of the speakers, President Beck, of the Hydro-Electric Company, said that the city would not be doing its duty unless it elected Alderman Hubbard mayor. &lt;I Quartermaster-Sergeant James Woodfork, of the D Troop, 9th Cavalry, with a special squad of eight, attended the State fair at Phoenix, Ariz., where he rode an outlaw horse which the government bought in 1910, but was unable to use for army service. Sergeant Woodfork trained him for three months and is the only person who can ride him. *I Captain Taylor, a prominent white lawyer of Norfolk, Va., succeeded in abolishing twenty saloons within four blocks occupied chiefly by colored people. In appreciation many of the colored citizens of Norfolk have presented Mr. Taylor with a silver loving cup. •J Ferguson, a colored runner at the Ohio State University, is a natural-born athlete, and for his first year out is a marvelous runner. Not once this year in practice runs, both in time and competition trials, has he been forced to take the dust of even the veterans of the squad. He is a modest and retiring chap, gifted with brains and a pleasing individuality. He previously attended the West Virginia Colored Institute at Institute, W. Va. 1$ Segregation protests have been sent to the President by the Unitarian conference of the Middle States and Canada and the Young Men's Hebrew Association of Chelsea, Mass. Bostonians have held several meetings in protest, and the women at the women's conference of the Society for Ethical Culture, in New York City, spoke strongly against segregation. Mrs. Robert M. La Follette continued her agitation against the matter before a recent meeting of the. Twentieth Century Club in Boston. The Boston section of the Council of Jewish Women has deferred its resolution against segregation until a thorough investigation can be made at the capital. &lt;3 On November 29, the anniversary of the birth of Wendell Phillips, every teacher in the Boston public schools spoke for fifteen minutes on Phillips' life and the lessons which may be derived from it. *I Of 400 new sergeants appointed by the chief of police in Chicago seven were colored men. &lt;3 A new baseball league, controlled by Chicago men and composed entirely of colored members, will be in the field next summer. *I Five members of the United States Supreme Court, including Chief Justice White, were present at the funeral services of Archie Lewis, the court's aged colored messenger, in Washington a short time ago. *I The colored citizens of Richmond, Va., are soon to have a new park. The location, however, seems to be undesirable and has brought forth protest from many of the colored people. ^ J. Alfred Lee, a colored man, was election judge of Namozine district, New Hope precinct, Dinwiddie County, Va,, in the November election. ^ Arnold Williams, a colored chauffeur, won the first prize of $500 in an automobile race in New York City on November 12. EDUCATION. THE dining hall and laundry of the Alcorn Agricultural and Mechanical College near Rodney, Miss., were burned and one student died of heart disease. •I Mrs. Clara B. Darling, who died in Wallingford, Conn., last summer, bequeathed $2,000 to Atlanta University. &lt;I At the three days' session of the general committee of the Freedmen Aid Society, which met in Springfield, Ill., on November 1, $30,000 was raised to improve Negro schools in the South. 1 Howard Medical School was well represented in the convocation of the College of Surgeons in America. Five members of the faculty were present. ALONG THE ^ County teachers of Muskogee County, Okla., are said to be unable to draw their salaries because of the embezzlement of nearly $70,000 by the county treasurer. *I The West Virginia Colored Institute, in Institute, W . Va., will have a regular six-weeks' summer school, beginning June 15. The chemical and biological laboratory of Leonard Medical College, a school for Negroes in Raleigh, N. C , has been destroyed by fire. The loss will probably reach $25,000. ^ The facilities for the education of Negroes in South Carolina are exceedingly poor. With a colored population and school enrollment larger than the whites, there are 199 colored schools in the cities and 332 white schools. The colored children go to school 67 days and the white children 119 days. ^ The Beulah School, in Lee County, Ala., was built by women and receives no money from the county. This school is almost entirely supported by money made on the school farm which is worked by the students. The colored citizens of Yonkers, N. Y., have asked the educational authorities to adopt another history for use in the schoolroom, as the one now in use holds the Negro up to ridicule. The colored children find the significant glances passed among the white pupils, whenever a certain passage reflecting upon Negroes is read, very humiliating. &lt;I If Meharry Medical College, Nashville, succeeds in raising $10,000 Andrew Carnegie will give the school a like amount. ^ Virginia Union University has a new dormitory—Huntley Hall. &lt;I Frank Barber has resigned as superintendent of the colored orphan home ' at Eiverdale-on-the-Hudson, N. Y. ECONOMICS. A NUMBER of colored men representing the Haygood Seminary Electrical Company have been given the franchise for lighting Washington, Ark., the town in which Haygood Seminary, a colored institution, is located. This is the only franchise to light a town held by colored men in the United States. &lt;I Brooks, a colored man of Lexington, Ky., has the contract for the buildings of the Kentucky State Normal School and many COLOR LINE of the other big building contracts in the city. *I Lowell W. Baker, who has charge of the construction of the federal building at Mansfield, O., and W. W. Cooke, in charge of federal construction at Bowling Green and Defiance, O., both colored men, are making excellent records for themselves in architecture. &lt;I Bluff City Savings Bank, of Natchez, Miss., a colored enterprise, has been closed. The bank is not insolvent, but the failure of a white bank in the same town caused a run upon the colored bank, and it was closed until the property in which the money was invested could be converted into cash. J. E. Wiley, whose exhibit of a rug loom was one of the most noticeable things at the National Emancipation Exposition in New York City, has just closed a contract by which the firm of John Wanamaker will handle his "merlin" rugs as exclusive New York agents. •5 The Hannibal Realty and Improvement Company of America has been organized by Negroes in New York. The charter granted by the State permits the company to deal in real estate, build hotels, theatres, etc. * George Andrews, of Bethel Community, Tex., is a colored farmer whose wealth is estimated at about $100,000. Mr. Andrews is probably the only Negro stockholder and director of a white bank—the First National Bank, at Bells, Tex. Colored contractors are doing a large part of the rebuilding of the section of Hot Springs, Ark., which was destroyed in the recent fire there. A white contractor, who came from New Orleans with a few white workmen, hired colored men in addition. The white laborers complained, but were told to work with the colored men or quit. *I The California railroad commission has refused to allow the Pullman Company to increase its rates. This, they say, is because of the low wages paid to porters which necessitates tips. ^ In the national conservation exposition, held in Knoxville, Tenn., during September and October, the Negroes had a large building built entirely by colored architects and laborers. &lt;I F. C. Brown, a colored man, has a lease on a large hotel in Mt. Clemens, Mich. He will remodel the hotel and run it for colored people. 114 THE *! The whole town of Talladega, Ala., is said to have once been the property of Joseph Brewer, an ex-slave, and the first colored man to own any property south of the Mason and Dixon line. &lt;3 The Brown Savings and Banking Company, a colored enterprise of Norfolk,. Va., publishes its resources as $42,873. *5 The Union Mutual Aid Association, of Mobile, Ala., and the People's Mutual Aid Association, of Birmingham, have consolidated. The progressive Negroes of Alabama seem to favor consolidation more and more. ^ Jonas W. Thomas, a Negro of Marlborough County, S. C , recently refused $40,000 for his 1,100-acre farm. Thomas began farming with an old horse and thirty acres of farm land which he rented for 1,400 pounds of cotton. MUSIC AND ART. DAVID AND CLARA MANNES, thethis summer, the "Sonata Virginianesque," by John Powell, formerly of Virginia. The sonata is in Southern style and is divided into three phrases: "At the Quarters," "In the Woods" and "At the Great House." Mr. Mamies has before shown his interest in the Negro idiom. The Mamies sonata recitals were very popular in London this summer and Musical America commented upon the "remarkable unanimity" of the two artists as one of the most prominent features of their playing. •I A song recital was given by the tenor, Mr. Roland Hayes, on November 5, at Steinert Hall, Boston, Mass. Mr. Hayes was assisted by the excellent pianist, Mr. Roy Tibbs. of Howard University, Washington, D. C. Miss Bertha Bauman was the accompanist. A new song, "I Blow You a Kiss," by a Boston composer of color, Mr. Lovett B. Groves, was among the numbers on the program. •J Charles Wakefield Cadman, the American composer, has written a brilliant trio for violin, 'cello and piano, the last movement of which is said to be "idealized ragtime." The three movements are allegro maestoso, andante cantabile and allegro vivace. The second is Indian in its thematic character and the third Negro. The trio was played for the first time at Minneapolis on October 7, when Mr. Cadman, assisted by the Indian CRISIS mezzo soprano, Princess Tsianina Redfeather, of Denver, gave his Indian music talk before the Thursday Musical Club. &lt;I The meeting's of the American Academy and the National Institute of Arts and Letters, held mid-November in Chicago, Ill., called forth a presentation by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra of a program of the works of American composers. Mr. Chad-wick, Mr. Foote, Mr. Kelly and Mr. Stock conducted their own compositions. Elements which are typically American in the music of to-day have their origin in the Negro idiom, and Chadwick with other distinguished composers have long since taken much of their inspiration from this source. At Liverpool, England, the new resident choral conductor of the Philharmonic Society, Mr. Harry Evans, received a significant welcome upon appearing to conduct a performance of Coleridge-Taylor's choral ballad, "Beside the Ungathered Rice He Lay." New York artists, secured, while in London At an early date, in Yorkshire, England, the Leeds New Choral Society plan to give "A Tale of Old Japan" and the first and third parts of "Hiawatha," which the London Musical Times calls a welcome revival. &lt;I Mr. Lewis Gamble, a colored cornetist, of Detroit, Mich., has invented a mute for the cornet which is in demand by players of that instrument. &lt;J In the colored grammar school of Indianapolis, of which Mr. Valentine is supervisor, a mural decoration has been painted by William E. Scott, a young artist of Indianapolis, who is now studying in France. The painting illustrates the Mother Goose rhyme of "The Old Lady Who Lived in a Shoe," and was completed last March. The children typifying the characters are all children of color. Mr. Scott is ambitious to do for the Negro in art what Paul Laurence Dunbar did in poetry by the use of the Negro dialect. 1 Mme. Anita Patti Brown, coloratura soprano, sailed on November 8 for Kingston, Jamaica, where she is to begin a tour of the West Indian Islands, Panama, Costa Rica and South America. She was accompanied by Miss Marion Garner, pianist, Mr. George Garner, tenor, and Mr. Wyatt Houston, violinist. &lt;J At Cincinnati, O., where the Hare-Richardson piano and song recital was given ALONG THE before a capacity house, the Christ Church Parish House, the wealthiest church of that city and the home church of the Tafts, was opened for the first time to colored artists. Bishop Vincent, of Ohio, delivered the invocation. According to the criticisms of the daily press, which spoke flatteringly of the art of Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, and Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone, of Boston, Mass., their tour of engagements for November and December was a musical event of note. The tour included cities of Canada and the West and Pennsylvania and New York. Of their work the Evening Record, of Windsor, Ont., said: "Mrs. Hare's playing, splendid technique and winsome manner stamped her as an artist of high rank. Mr. Richardson is gifted with a rich baritone voice of excellent range and purity." *J It is said that the colored comedian, Bert Williams, will appear as Friday in "Robinson Crusoe," which will be produced later in the season by Klaw &amp; Erlanger and F. Ziegfeld, Jr. MEETINGS. THERE was a meeting of a few of the •*• governing heads of the white and colored Elks in New York City on November 25. This meeting was held for the purpose of adjusting differences between the white and colored lodges. &lt;J The Paul Moss Orphanage out from Augusta, Ga., was completely destroyed by fire a short time ago. *U The University Commission on Southern Race Questions held a preliminary meeting in Richmond, Va., December 18 and 19. This commission is composed of one faculty representative from each of eleven white Southern State universities, and was organized in Nashville, Tenn., at the first meeting of the Southern Sociological Congress in 1912. Dr. James H. Dillard, director of the Jeanes Fund, is the founder of the commission which has for its purpose the inducing of Southern people to study and speak frankly upon the Negro question. &lt;J Educators from many parts of the country were in Washington, D. C , on. November 12 and 13, to attend the annual meeting of teachers in Negro land-grant colleges. The sixth annual convention of the Alpha Phi Alpha, national Greek-letter fraternity, COLOR LINE was held in Washington, D. C , at the seat of the Beta Chapter, December 29-31. *I The Kentucky State Association of Teachers in Colored Schools held its thirty-fifth annual session in Louisville last month. Over 400 teachers were present, the largest attendance in its history. *J The Maryland Federation of Women's Clubs met in Baltimore from October 30 to November 2. Plans for carrying on constructive neighborhood, work and for organizing the women of the counties into clubs were discussed. &lt;I Mrs. Pankhurst spoke to 2,000 colored men and women in Chicago on November 4, urging them to work for the reforms which the white women are working for. After tile lecture an offering was taken for the cause. The women gave $215 and a double handful of personal jewels. Mrs. Pankhurst spoke very pointedly against segregation of any land. •I The meeting of the State Rural Social Conference of South Carolina met in Columbia on November 6. 1 During October and November the Baptists held State conventions in Mobile, Ala., Newark, N. J., Tarrytown, N. Y., and Rocky Mount, N. C. &lt;I The Negro Organization Society of Virginia held its first annual meeting in Richmond last month. (&amp; A memorial service for the late Dr. John R. Francis was held in Washington, D. C, on November 24. Secretary of State William J. Bryan and others spoke. FOREIGN. REPORTS from the Philippine Islands indicate that the treatment of the colored soldiers is becoming worse and that when in 1914 and 1915 200 and 600 men, respectively, have finished their terms of service there will be few re-enlistments. &lt;I The colored women of Bloemfontein, South Africa, are suffering greatly because of their refusal to abide by the pass law. Sixty-one women were sent to jail recently because they were without passes. The women are said to receive very harsh treatment while in prison and are compelled to leave their children with strangers. Still they hold out. TH E CRISIS *J The African Political Organization, an association of the colored people of South Africa, held its eighth annual meeting in Kimberly in November. This meeting came while the native population of South Africa was greatly disturbed over the native land act and the pass law of Bloemfontein. Both questions were discussed in the meeting which was presided over by the lord mayor, but no definite steps were taken to alleviate conditions. Dinuzulu, an African king, greatly loved by the people, but deposed and exiled by the English government some years ago, died recently. &lt;I About 150,000 East Indian workmen in Natal, South Africa, are on strike. This was brought about by two recent incidents: the flogging to death of one of the laborers and the arrest of 2,000 East Indians who attempted to cross the Transvaal into Natal. This was against the law prohibiting the emigration of Asiatics from one State to another. Industry is practically paralyzed, as East Indians are the chief laborers in Natal. •3 Twenty-four Calcutta Hindus arriving at Victoria, B. C , were deported because they did not comply with the immigration law which provides that immigrants must make a continuous journey from the land of their birth. These immigrants had transshipped at Hongkong. The Hindu population is protesting. THE CHURCH. ST. MARK'S Methodist Episcopal Church, in New York City, has purchased a livery stable next door to the church which will be converted into a recreation home for the young people of the church. This church has also recently bought a house in New Rochelle, N. Y., which will be used for an old folks' home. C William W. Borden, a young graduate of Princeton Theological Seminary, died in Cairo a short time ago and left a bequest of $50,000 for mission work in Africa. Mr. Borden was a man of great wealth and had, in the course of his life, done much for missions. ^ A small Negro Baptist church in Wathen, on the Congo River in Africa, established fifty-two new outposts in one year and supports 196 evangelists. &lt;I Miss Eliza Davis, of Texas, a graduate of Seguin College, and Rev. James T. Simpson, of Pennsylvania, a graduate of the theological department of Rochester Seminary and a soldier in the regular army in the Philippine Islands for three years, sailed in December for Africa as missionaries for the foreign mission board of the national Baptist convention. ^ Miss Caroline G. Ewen, of New York City, bequeathed $40,000 to the foreign mission board of the national Baptist convention. &lt;I At the meeting of the Methodist missionary board in Decatur, Ill., almost a million dollars was appropriated for foreign missions. Africa will receive $50,229, the smallest single appropriation. THE COURTS. MARY E. SCOTT, a white woman of •*• * Chicago, and Hattie Jones, a colored girl who works for her, are suing the Moving-Picture Company of Illinois for $300 damages apiece because they were not allowed to use the box-seat tickets which Miss Scott had purchased earlier. Seats in the gallery were offered the two women. When Miss Scott complained to the manager he suggested that she go in alone and see the performance, as his white patrons did not care to sit in boxes with colored people. The case has not yet been decided. As a result of the whipping of two colored convicts in New Castle, Del., Representative Evans, of Montana, presented a resolution to bring injunction proceedings against the State of Delaware to enforce constitutional prohibition of inhuman treatment. The resolution was blocked by adjournment. &lt;I William J. Banks, of Pittsburgh, a former Pullman porter, who sued the Pennsylvania Railroad for $10,000 for injuries received in a wreck four years ago, has been given a verdict of $1,250. In contrast is the decision confirmed by the Supreme Court of Mississippi granting a white woman large damages for being compelled to remain in a coach in which there were three colored bishops. ^ Butler Searcy, a prominent white farmer of Butler County, Ala., was accused of holding Walsh Garnder, a colored man, in peonage. In the face of conclusive evidence of the white man's guilt the jury reported a ALONG THE mistrial. Judge William P. Sheppard reprimanded the jury very severely, censuring them for taking their prejudices into the jury room. On hearing the judge's rebuke Searcy arose voluntarily and pleaded guilty. The widow of Norman-Weaver, a colored man, received a verdict of $875 for the death of her husband. Weaver was shot by a policeman while attempting to escape arrest as a chicken-thief suspect. The court upheld the law which says that under no circumstances can a police officer shoot to kill a person charged with a misdemeanor. *3 Preston Jones, a colored man, who was sentenced to die for the murder of Sam. E. Hickey, has been granted a new trial. &lt;5 George Howe, a colored resident of 95 Harford Avenue, Baltimore, in an attempt to protect his home, fired into a crowd which was bombarding his house and wounded four men. He has been acquitted. &lt;I A short time ago three white men, before the grand jury of Kent, O., were fined $40 each for carrying concealed weapons. Another white man was given twenty years for shooting with intent to kill. A colored man, before the same jury, was given fifteen years for stealing 86 cents. *I The first case to be tried for the alleged violation of the Baltimore segregation law was dismissed. The charge was brought against Edward Lee, a colored man, who was charged with moving into a white block since the ordinance was passed. ^ The decision of the coroner's jury in exonerating Charles C. Guth, a white man of Baltimore, from the charge of killing his colored chauffeur has been confirmed by the grand jury. THE GHETTO. UP to this time segregation ordinances have been passed in Baltimore, Md., Richmond, Norfolk, Roanoke, Danville and Ashville, Va. An ordinance has been introduced in St. Louis and agitation is being carried on in Kansas City, Mo., Louisville, Ky., New Orleans, La., and Birmingham, Ala. &lt;I The accusation was made that one of the officials of the Boston Y. M. C. A. was attempting to draw the color line. When the matter was referred to the board of directors COLOR LINE this body stated very positively that membership with all of its privileges was open to all, regardless of race or color. 1 Rather than observe the color line in football, the University of Nebraska has withdrawn from the Missouri Valley association. The Georgia Stale Federation of Women's Clubs has filed a petition asking the State railroad commission for better accommodations. The complaint states that one-half of the coach set aside for colored passengers is partitioned off for a smoker; convicts and insane people occupy the colored coaches; the porter sweeps while the coach is occupied, spreading germs; the news butcher or conductor occupies the only double seat in the coach and there is, with few exceptions, but one lavatory in the colored section. Baltimore has amended its segregation ordinance with the provision that colored churches, dance halls, schools, etc., shall not be located in white blocks and vice versa. &lt;I The Central Railroad of New Jersey has adopted "Jim Crowism" in the lunchroom at Jersey City. Recently B. F. Selden, a colored man, was informed that he must take his luncheon in a secluded part of the room which had been set aside for colored patrons. Mr. Selden has complained to the authorities and it is said that already some of the colored patrons of the Jersey Central have gone over to the Pennsylvania road, where they meet with no discrimination. *1 James Malone and John McCarthy, two white men, were awarded $2,950 damages for being compelled to travel from Huntington, W. Va., to Louisville, Ky., in a coach with colored people. &lt;I Colored teachers in Washington, D. C , for the first time have been excluded from the lectures to teachers in the Congregational Church, a church established by New Englanders and worshiped in by them. &lt;3 In the Interior Department at Washington, D. C , there were plans on foot for a "home club," to be opened to all employees. The colored employees were present at the meetings for organizing the club and now the white employees are anxious to drop the plan altogether. &lt;I Charges have been made before the city council against the discrimination in picture theatres in Los Angeles. THE CRISIS «| The Chocolate Shop, of Pasadena, Cal., has been complained of to the board of trade for discriminating against two Japanese. *3 Four of the members of the mob which attempted to lynch Will Fair in Spartanburg, S. C, have been named for prosecution and the others are being searched for. *I Grady Lane, a white man of Raleigh, N. C, has been sentenced to hang for the murder of George McCain, a colored mail clerk. Lane is the first white man who has been sentenced to die for the murder of a Negro in North Carolina. &lt;I Carl Oliver, a colored man of Franklin County, Tex., has appealed to the Supreme Court to set aside the death penalty imposed upon him for the murder of T. D. Stanley, a white man. Oliver claims that he killed Stanley because he found him in his house. The counsel for the colored man claimed that the trial court erred in refusing to charge the jury that a Negro is entitled to the same rights in defending his home and honor as a white man would be under the same circumstances. *J Last month we mentioned the fact that the Y. M. C. A. in Newport, R. I., had refunded the membership fees for unexpired time to the colored members and asked them to withdraw. Since then the Negroes of Newport have investigated the matter and found that the new secretary had acted on no authority except his own and no action had been taken by the board of directors as was stated. A special meeting of the board was held to act upon the protest from the colored people and a few days later the boys received word to return. f Dr. H. F. Harris, of Anniston, Ala., moved into a beautiful home in a section of the city which is occupied chiefly by colored people, but which had a few white renters. Dynamite was set off in his back yard at about 2 o'clock in the morning as a warning. Dr. Brown refused to move, however, and supplied himself well with ammunition. The white people have moved out. •J Joshua W. Bailey, collector of internal revenue in the eastern North Carolina district, discharged a colored laborer, Patrick Norwood, who immediately appealed to Washington for reinstatement. The Washington authorities held that the employee was protected by the civil-service rules and ordered his reinstatement, whereupon Mr. Bailey sent in his resignation. CRIME. TH E lynchings are as follows: At •*• Dyersburg, Term., John Talley, an 18-year-old colored youth, charged with criminal assault upon a white woman. &lt;I At Wewoka, Okla., John Cudjo, for killing John Dennis, a white sheriff. He was hung in the courtyard and his body riddled with shot. A placard was tied to the man's foot on which was written: "To the memory of Lee Cruce," the governor who has shown some fairness to Negroes. &lt;I At Tunica, Miss., Albert Coopwood, for killing his wife and wounding two white men. He was hiding in a hut and some member of the posse shot into the hut and killed him and then set fire to the hut. &lt;J Robert Ganett, a Negro charged with attempting to attack a white woman, barely escaped lynching in Somerset, Ky. &lt;J Elizabeth M. Jeter, a 14-year-old colored girl, of Kingsbridge, N. Y., was assaulted by two well-known white married men of that place, John Koshoe and Joe Zitz. The child was attacked at 238th Street and Bailey Avenue as she was going along the lonely road flanked on one side by a stretch of woods. Several of the district officers doubted the child's story and took no immediate steps toward apprehending the criminals. Mr. Jeter found a cap on the scene of the outrage belonging to one of the men and this served for identification. The case is now in the hands of the Gerry Society, which has three detectives on it. The men were given plenty of time to get away through the failure of the policemen to act. One has been arrested in Camden, N. J., and is held there awaiting extradition orders from the governor, and John Koshoe is thought to be hiding in New York City. The two officers who delayed the case have been suspended without pay to await trial. *I Ada Ross, a colored girl of New Albany, Ind, has taken out a warrant for Rev. C. E. Elmore, a white minister of that city, for criminal assault. She was attacked by him when she went to his house in the evening to do domestic work. The minister claims that his house was robbed that night and that it was most probably the thief whom Miss Ross mistook for him. IN THE SADDLE! MEN OF THE MONTH A COLORED MAYOR IN LONDON. MR. J. R. ARCHER, an Englishman, has been elected mayor of Battersea. Battersea has a population of nearly 200,000 people and covers 2,100 acres in the city of London, south of the Thames. Mr. Archer is a photographer and has lived in Battersea for twenty years. He is married to a colored woman and began his political life in 1906, when he helped to put John Burns in Parliament and was himself elected a member of the London county council. He is a member of the Progressive party and has been interested in carrying through a minimum wage scheme and other progressive policies. The London Daily Chronicle found Mr. Archer with the "well-dressed and well-groomed appearance" of a "b u s y and prosperous business man." Mr. Archer said: "Of course, I am a man of color. I do not wish to deny the fact, though many an Englishman is darker in appearance. But why should that be any ME. J. E. bar to my filling the office of mayor? I have the confidence of the people, who have sent me to sit on the borough council and the board of guardians. Why should there he any suggestion that I cannot carry out the work of a higher position ? "I do not say that there is any opposition to me on the score of color, even among my political and municipal opponents, but since it has been suggested that this may be allowed to weigh in the matter I must face it. Why allow a colored man to rise to a certain position in municipal affairs, and then say: 'You must go no higher'? Is that to be the end of all that England has done to free and raise and educate the colored peoples? It does not seem logical." The voters of Battersea appear to agree with Mr. Archer. A COLLEGE PRESIDENT. MR. BYRD PRILLERMAN, president of the West Virginia Colored Institute, was born a slave in Franklin County, Va., October 19, 1859. After the close of the war, when 8 years of age, he walked, with his parents, from Franklin County, Va., to Kanawha County, W . Va., a distance of 250 miles. Here he grew up on a farm near Charleston, the capital of the State. He attended the rural schools from the time he was 12 years of age ARCHER until 20, when he began to teach. In 1883 he entered Knoxville College, and was graduated from the college course of this institution in 1S89. In 1895 Westminster College, of Pennsylvania, conferred upon him the degree of M. A. When the West Virginia Colored Institute opened in 1892 he was appointed as one of the first teachers. He was promoted to the presi MEN OF THE MRS. J. E. ARCHER dency September 23, 1909. Under his administration the enrollment has increased from 235 to 336 students. m A COLORED TEACHER. MISS DORA J. HOLMES, a young colored woman, has been appointed a teacher in the third grade of the schools of Haverhill, Mass. Miss Holmes was born in Boston June 18, 1893, and educated in the Boston common schools. She was graduated from the Haverhill high school in 1910, and afterward from the Lowell normal school. Her father, Mr. Robert B. Holmes, is steward of the Wachusett Club. m A USEFUL LIFE. MISS EUGENIA A. McINTYRE, who died recently in New York City, was for many years a teacher in St. Philip's Episcopal Sunday school and a member of several of the societies of the church. She was employed by Davis &amp; Sanford, photographers, on Fifth Avenue, and was one of the six children of the late Robert F. McIntyre. Miss McIntyre's life was typical of the quiet, hard-working colored girl who MONTH 121 is doing so much in unintrusive ways to solve human problems. A LIEUTENANT IN LIBERIA. MR. WILLIAM H. YORK was born in •*• Springfield, Ill., thirty years ago. He was graduated from Wilberforce University in 1912, where for two years he was captain in the student battalion. Before this he had seen military service in the Philippines and had traveled in Cuba, Hawaii and Japan. Last month Mr. York was appointed a lieutenant in the Liberian forces under Major Charles Young. Mr. York has already left for his new work. m A NEW PROFESSION. THE increasing demand for expert teach ers of physical education in colleges, Young Men's and Women's Christian Associations, public schools and recreation centers has developed a new profession—the director of physical education. William H. J. Beckett, physical director of the Young Men's Christian Association of Washington, D. C, is a pioneer in this ME. BYRD PRILLERMAN. LIEUT. W. H. YORK. THE LATE MISS McINTYRE. MR. W. H. J. BECKETT. MISS D. J. HOLMES. MEN OF THE MONTH new and growing profession. He has received a degree from the secretarial department of the International Y. M. C. A. College and from the department of physical education. In recognition of his work the University of Pennsylvania this year granted him a scholarship in its department of physical education. Mr. Beckett has filled the positions of instructor of physical training in the Baltimore colored high school, supervisor of the city playgrounds in Baltimore, supervisor of physical training in the colored public schools and instructor of gymnastics in the Sumner High School of St. Louis, and is now physical director of the Young Men's Christian Association in Washington, D. C. He is a member of the American Physical Education Association, Physical Directors' Society of the Young Men's Christian Associations of North America and Physical Directors' Society of Public Schools. A SOLICITOR-GENERAL. ONE of the highest offices in the island of Barbadoes is held by the Hon. H. Walter Reece, solicitor-general. Mr. Reece was educated at Cambridge University, England, and at Temple Bar. His wife was also educated in England, but both were born in Barbadoes. We present a picture of Mr. and Mrs. Reece and their interesting family of six children. Mr. Reece, as solicitor-general, is in line for promotion to the chief justiceship of Barbadoes. It will be remembered that the late Sir Conrad Reeves, chief justice of the island, was a colored man and received the honor of knighthood. THE HON. H. WALTER REECE AND FAMILY. T H E PAPERS OF THE COUNTRY ARE SEGREGATION. continuing to talk about segregation and yet as the Farmer, of Bridgeport, Conn., says concerning the action of the Connecticut Congregationalists: "The resolutions have attracted almost no attention. An incident of this kind goes to show how little the average person cares what is done to the Negro." The Evening Post contrasts the President's action in two celebrated cases: "Mr. Wilson's action in the Pankhurst ease is in glaring contrast to his treatment of the Negro in the government service. It is one of the most difficult problems the President—any President—has to handle, and it is intensified in Mr. Wilson's case by the fact that he is himself Southern born, that half of his Cabinet is Southern, and that Southerners dominate in Congress. It is all the more remarkable, therefore, that in handling it Mr. Wilson has been led into some initial blunders not in keeping with his usual political instinct and sagacity, with the result that one of the conservative leaders of the race has recently declared that never before had he seen the colored people so aroused and embittered." New England, and particularly Boston, has shown considerable feeling in the matter. The Boston Advertiser has had several long editorials. In one it says: "The excessive hurry of the Southern members of the Cabinet to demonstrate that 'the South is in the saddle' at Washington, has seriously embarrassed the administration. Possibly as the result of the hasty orders of President Wilson, a few cases of outrageous segregation at Washington have been corrected, for the time being; but in most cases the matter has gone too far to be remedied, now, even if the administration were really anxious to restore the old order of things. The chief anxiety, now, seems to be not to create too great a public scandal, for the orders for the discharge of colored clerks still accumulate, wherever it appears that not much public excitement is likely to follow." In another it declares "that probably the only possible explanation" of President Wilson's attitude "is that of early environment, and the traditions of his youth. He is by birth a Southerner, and it is plain enough that the race prejudice, which is an established and inviolable tradition in the South, was inherited by Woodrow Wilson, as a boy, to an extent which still tinges his views of men and thing's. In this respect, and to this extent, he is as thoroughly imbued with race bigotry as Vardaman or Tillman. He believes it to be a shocking thing that a white man and a colored man should breathe the air of the same room. The 'Jim Crow' idea is, to him, the only sensible idea that a white man can take in his treatment of the Negro. He seems as rabidly prejudiced as any Southern brigadier to be found in Washington." The Boston Evening Record calls attention to the way in which this agitation is lining up the Negroes' friends and enemies: "The agitation over the segregation of Negroes in the Federal departments at Washington is serving the purpose of testing, as it has not been tested in many years, the sentiment of white persons regarding Negroes, as a personal issue, not simply as a general principle of justice. The mass meeting to be held in Washington will further drive this test home. It is good to exalt the fine principles of brotherhood and the rights of man, and it will spice that exaltation with sincerity if men will set the personal example of fairness in treatment of Negroes everywhere—here in Boston as well as elsewhere." OPINION 125 Governor Foss, of Massachusetts, has written the President, saying: "I know that I voice the sentiment of Massachusetts when I express the hope that the national government will not countenance race discrimination in any form." LYNCHING. Mr. Booker T. Washington is sending out from time to time letters congratulating the country on its record in lynchings. Even his professional optimism, however, is not able to get much satisfaction out of the recent record. He says: "At the end of six months of the present year there had been twenty-four lynchings. At the end of ten months (November 1) there had been forty-five lynchings, a reduction of four, as compared with the same period for 1912. Within the last four months, July, August, September and October, since I last called attention to the subject, there have been twenty-one lynchings, making a total, as I have said, of forty-five lynchings for ten months. Of this number only seven individuals, or 1.5 per cent., were charged with rape." The Memphis Commercial-Appeal says of one of the latest lynchings: "The fall lynching season has opened, and unfortunately a West Tennessee town was the scene of the first affair. "Court was in session, the attorney-general was near, and so also was the circuit judge. The mob took the Negro out of jail and lynched him in the shadow of the courthouse. "When those men built that courthouse, by this fact they expressed their willingness that in it should be a tribunal which should pass upon the life or death of all who break the law. "They not only lynched the Negro, but they lynched the law." The kind of crime which shows the lynch ing spirit is thus commented on by the Tampa (Fla.) Morning Tribune: "Another brutal murder has stained the record of Tampa—and the murderer walks away from the prominent scene of his crime, near the business center of the city, without arrest. " A party of drunken hoodlums, seeking 'sport,' accost an inoffensive Negro and one of them shoots him dead— 'just for fun.' "It is a humiliating confession for Tampa that a crime like that can be committed in broad daylight and near the principal thoroughfare, and the criminal get away before any of our numerous and expensive police department or our large and also expensive sheriff's corps can get to him." The Mexican troubles have THE COLORED caused the transfer of cer SOLDIER. tain colored regiments to the border. A colored Pittsburgh paper says: "If the department would devote as much time to the defense of the Negro soldiers in time of peace as when war is approaching, there might be a more patriotic spirit among the 'boys.' It seems to be the special privilege of the colored boys to open war for 'their country.' "Time after time the Negroes of this country have petitioned the department for better treatment of the colored boys in uniform. We have called attention to the tendency at Washington to ignore the just complaints of the Negro soldier, but nothing-seems to attract attention until the black boys are needed to open hostilities for Uncle Sam. "There is no doubting the fact that the Negro soldier is superior to any other man in the service. His record shows that beyond dispute; and there is no justification for discriminating against him in time of peace and making a hero out of him in time of impending war. If he is a hero on the battlefield, let him have the treatment and consideration of a hero at all times. His bravery is worth as much in time of peace as in war. His loyalty cannot be questioned; let him have the protection of the flag he defends." The Chicago Evening Post has this paragraph: "The Tenth Cavalry, a Negro regiment, is to be transferred from Fort Ethan Allen, in Vermont, to the Mexican border. 'There is no color line in the service when the prospect of trouble appears,' remarks the New York World. Which has an ironic pathos that is perfectly justifiable. Yet it is not only colored soldiers who are thought little of in peace and esteemed most highly in' time of war. 'It's Tommy, this, and Tommy, that,' sang Mr. Kipling. 'And chuck him out, the Brute. But it's please to walk in front, sir, when the guns begin to shoot.' " THE CRISIS More injury is done the Negro INSULTING race through the use of insult TERMS. ing terms than through direct attack. Many prominent papers, for instance, persist in refusing to capitalize the word "Negro." The mere fact that they can make a certain logical defense of their usage is absolutely worthless when confronted by the undoubted fact that 10,000,000 people consider themselves insulted by this act. The London School Government Chronicle says editorially: "From a correspondent in the United States comes an appeal to all people in the native land of the English language to take thought upon the importance of little things, as they may seem to be, in the practice of writing, with particular reference to one apparently little thing in the customary use or neglect of capital letters. Especially the appeal is for the ear of teachers and of public writers of all sorts and conditions. Associated as he is with the work of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, our American friend is conscious of reasons which are much more than sentimental or pedantic for asking that we should teach ourselves and other people to place the word 'Negro' on equal terms with other race names in our use of the capital first letter. It counts among the hindrances to the work of those who are trying to raise the status of the colored man, to open for him a fair way of self-respecting effort for his own improvement, that in the old country, as well as in the United States—in fact, wherever the English language is written or printed— 'Negro' is nearly always given with a small 'n.' It is bad enough that this happens in the new countries: it is comprehensive if not excusable in those countries where the existence of great and growing colored populations amidst the white man's civilization is the source of difficult social and political problems. But it is, from the standpoint of this correspondent and his fellow workers, even worse, in some respects, that the use of the small 'n' should prevail among those who live at the fountain head of what has become and is becoming the language not of one race or nation, but of many. For a special sanction goes naturally with English usage in such a matter; from which it springs that, less than the usage current in any other English-speakingcountry, can it be right or wrong to itself alone. Yet our friend points to some evi dence that there has been in recent times an actual relapse in the usage of our own public press from the capital back to the small letter—that certain of our great periodicals, at any rate, which a few years ago were printing the word 'Negro,' as they print 'English' and 'Englishman,' 'French' and 'Frenchman,' 'Arab,' 'Kaffir,' or 'Hottentot,' have reverted to 'negro' both for substantive and adjective. "Whereas in America the movement in literary usage is rather toward the capital 'N.' To us it seems that his argument has only to be heard to be accepted. On anthropological, philological and literary grounds it seems unanswerable except by compliance; and as for the sociological and political connections of the question, there surely is no need to affront the adherents of any theory or practice concerning the relations •of white and colored people by supposing that the small 'n' has any purpose to serve as an expression of their ideas. No doubt the truest short explanation of the usage, and certainly the most appropriate, would be to say that,, like the immortal Topsy, it 'growed.' The word 'Negro,' for many reasons which could be offered, grew into uses which are quite beyond its proper racial application. Many of those reasons are obsolete; others are decadent. And the word is wanted nowadays for its own proper purposes and in its proper form, which obviously is 'Negro' with a capital 'N.' For all that it may effect we will promise vigilance in amendment of our own practice, and for all the weight that it may carry with our friends in the colleges, in the schools, in public and private life and service, in various spheres of literary expression, we will venture to commend our correspondent's friendly and generous appeal." In our own land the following correspondence has taken place: "CLEVELAND. O., November 1, 1913. "Mr. Erie C. Hopwood, managing editor, the Cleveland Plain Dealer: "DEAR SIR : "The enclosed clipping is from this morning's Plain Dealer. Of the several daily papers in this city, it is regarded in the most friendly spirit by my people and is read by more of them than any other daily paper. This is the result of its fairness, as a rule, in its references to them and its uniformly broad-minded treatment of matters of prime interest to them. OPINION 127 "The mongrel word 'darky' is almost as objectionable to them as that other most miserable one, 'Nigger.' Both terms or mongrel words, and others somewhat similar, are regarded by the intelligent of my people just as the intelligent Jews regard the like mongrel term or word, 'sheeny,' when applied to them; the Irish, 'mick,' when applied to them, etc. "I take it that the Plain Dealer is too high class and excellent a newspaper to permit the use of any of these mongrel terms or words. I am, therefore, calling your attention to the enclosed clipping, with the hope that those of us who prefer the Plain Dealer to any other local daily newspaper may continue our kindly feeling and preference for it. "Yours very truly, "HARRY C. SMITH." "CLEVELAND, O., November 6, 1913. "Hon. Harry C. Smith, Editor Gazette. "MY DEAR SIR : "I am very glad you were kind enough to write me on November 1, and call our atten tion to the use of the word 'darky' as being objectionable to many of your people. I am frank to say that I did not know that the word was objectionable. It had always appealed to me as a word which indicated affection and real kindly sentiment existing between the people of the South and the colored race. I shall, however, request our men not to use the word. "I thank you for your kind expressions in regard to the Plain Dealer. I trust you appreciate the fact that the Plain Dealer is anxious to do anything in its power to promote the advancement and progress of your people, that it would not willingly use a word or do a thing which even by inuendo might do an injury or bring in any degree into disrepute so worthy a class of our population. "Yours very truly, "ERIE C. HOPWOOD, "Managing Editor." The New York Evening Post TH E NOBEL prints some of the poems of PRIZE. Rabindra Nath Tagore, the Hindu poet, to whom recently was awarded the Nobel prize for literature. This is the first time that this prize has been awarded to any person not of the white race. One of the quoted poems, "The Brahmin," tells of a schoolboy who was asked about his parentage: / There came Satyakama. He bowed low at the foot of the Sage, and stood silent. "Tell me," the great teacher asked him, "of what clan art thou?" "M y lord," he answered, " I know it not. My mother said when I asked her, 'I had served many masters in my youth, and thou hadst come to thy mother Jabala's arms, who had no husband.' " Then rose a murmur like the angry hum of bees disturbed in their hive; and the students muttered their wrath at the shameless insolence of the outcast waif. Master Gautama rose from his seat, stretched out his arms, took the boy to his bosom, and said: "Best of all Brahmins art thou, my child. Thou hast the noblest heritage of truth." The works of Tagore were hardly known outside of India until recently, when a few were translated into English. m The phenomenal progress of FAIRS AND the colored American is con EXPOSITIONS. tinually being brought to the notice of the public by the various annual fairs and the recent larger expositions. A correspondent of the London Daily Mail, traveling in Louisiana, writes of the colored State fair. He says of the colored patrons: "Many of them were like well-to-do business men or shopkeepers and their wives. The girls were daintily 'shirt-waisted' and white-skirted. I noticed several black nuns, and a well-equipped emergency hospital for cases of fainting and the like was in charge of black nurses in regulation uniform. A large number of the married folk had children with them. Almost everyone behaved and talked quietly. The scene offered itself as an interesting comment upon the effort which is being made to induce the Supreme Court of the United States to disallow certain racial distinctions which are made in the South and West." An editorial in the Raleigh (N. C.) News-Observer says: "The Negro State Fair, which was held in Raleigh this week, was an altogether creditable one, and it marks the progress which has been made by the race in the fifty years which have passed since its emancipation, as well as the underlying structure of the treatment of the race in the days when if was held in slavery. 128 THE "That the Negro is prospering in the South is shown each year by the fairs which are held in this and other States by the members of that race. And one mark of this is in the very conduct of the fairs, in the way in which the business is transacted. The Negro is becoming more businesslike in his methods, and he is showing this in the way in which the business matters of the fairs are handled, as well as in the way in which he is transacting business for himself generally. "The appearance of the Negroes in attendance at the State fair has improved year by year, and this improvement is as noticeable as is that shown in their exhibits. This improvement is in dress and in general conduct, and it may be termed an improvement in self-respect, an improvement which is altogether creditable. The more of this that there is the better it is for the general progress of the race." A correspondent in the New York Evening Post tells of the Mississippi fair: "The managers of the Mississippi State Fair, recently held in Jackson, the capital, some months ago determined to give Negro exhibitors a larger opportunity than has been theirs in years past. They permitted the erection of a Negro building by Negro contractors, encouraged exhibits largely from Negro schools, but also individual exhibitors, and also designated the last two of the ten days of the fair as Negro days, with provision for a Negro parade and mass meeting addressed by speakers of both races, athletic contests, a declamation contest and, in general, emphasis upon Negro work and life in Mississippi. "The results have been altogether happy. The Negro building was filled to overflowing with exhibits altogether creditable, largely from Negro schools, but also from individual exhibitors. "The Negro parade, said to have been a mile long, and to have included about 5,000 Negroes, with double that number looking on, was a surprise, not to say an astonishment, in the eyes of both Negroes and white people. It included floats, illustrative of phases of Negro progress since emancipation, sections of Negro school children and thousands of plain citizens; was orderly, impressive, and by its general good management proved the organizing capacity of Negro leadership. CRISIS "Concerning it the Jackson Daily News commented: 'Negro day at the State fair has simply knocked the spots out of any feature that the white patrons of the big institution have pulled off this year—or almost any year, for that matter. The parade, shortly before the noon hour, was hardly short of a sensation. To say that it created astonishment among the white folks is expressing it very mildly. Honestly, you've got to hand it to the colored folks. They have set an example of civic pride, enthusiasm in behalf of the State fair, and pride for their native State that White folks could well emulate.' " The Outlook, speaking of the National Emancipation Exposition in New York, says: "As a matter of fact, what the black man really wants is a chance to do something for himself; and what he has done with the chances he has had was well shown in this exposition. "The main emphasis was laid on. Negro art, music and manufacturing and agricultural industry. But charts advising the people as to sanitary conditions and health, the ravages of consumption and the heavier mortality among colored people than whites were intermingled with displays of vegetables and fruits, exhibitions of dressmaking, or a working model of some cotton mill. One of the most interesting booths was that of the Patent Office, showing the inventions that had been made by colored skill and ingenuity. The pageant of the historical development of the race, beginning with the life in the African jungle and passing through the slave days on Southern plantations up to their present industrial and educational level, was an impressive spectacle, both from a historical point of view and as a forecast." EDUCATION Many people who insist that AND WORK. th e rac e problem is simply a comparatively unimportant matter of personal likes and dislikes would do well to pay careful atten tion to certain economic and educational movements which mean a great deal. For instance, before the Southern Educational Association, which met in Nashville in November, J. R. Guy, a white "vocational director" in the public schools of Charleston, S. C , made the following significant statements in the course of his speech: OPINION 129 "Negro education is a distinctive type of education and should be treated as such. The Negro must be taught to work. It is more important at this stage of his development that he be taught to work than it is that he be taught to read. He must be shown that manual labor is elevating and honorable, for many believe it to be menial and degrading. We must go still further. After seeing that Negroes are trained in the pursuits best suited to them, we must put restrictions on their entrance into vocations or professions for which they are not qualified." The Public Ledger comments on the Florida statute mentioned last month: "Since reconstruction time," it says, "fortunately, colored teachers have been trained and Negro leaders themselves are foremost in desiring pedagogues of their own race, but to deprive the race of instruction by white people, to penalize and declare illegal any productive education whatever, by racial limitations, is monstrous. "The enactment does not reflect intelligent public opinion in the South. It reflects no intelligence of any kind. In so far as it attempts to control education by private endowment it is obviously unconstitutional. It is, moreover, unnecessary legislation, for white teachers are now a rarity in Negro schools, their activities generally being supervisory or exercised in institutions of higher rank, in which competency higher than that usually possessed by colored instructors is required. It is prejudice run mad to shut the door of opportunity in any such manner. "Stupid legislation of this kind brings the South into disrepute, which is the more regrettable in that the better classes there are not inimical to Negro progress, but are more intent on it and in a more practical way than any other people in the land. The law should be overtly disregarded and a test case carried to the Supreme Court of the United States for a decision. The statute, if not at variance with the written constitutional guarantees, is certainly opposed to national public policy." The economic side is stressed by the Rebel, the official organ of the Workers' Defense League, in Pittsburgh, Pa.:. "One of our good friends, Ollie , is very much wrought up because Negroes took the elevator jobs at Kauffmann's. The Negro was brought to this country against his will, handcuffed and leg ironed. They were freed from chattel slavery not from a humanitarian standpoint, as probably Ollie imagines, but because the Northern capitalist made the startling discovery that wage slavery brought bigger returns to the capitalist than chattel slavery. The Negro is a workingman, has red blood in his veins and will scab on his white brother just as long as he is forced to do it to get bread; and Ollie will also scab when he is forced to by the same reasons. If Ollie would shake off his religious prejudice, class prejudice and race prejudice and treat the Negro on the industrial field like a brother, the Negro would go as far as the white man and stick with him during strikes. This has been proven down South by the timber workers' union. But the capitalist does not want Ollie to lose his race prejudice. As long as it exists the capitalist can play one race against the other. Ollie cannot see this yet, but he will be forced to see it some day." RELIGION AND T H E C H U R C H IS GETTING LITTLE THE PROBLEM. comfort in its futile struggle with the race problem. The Kansas City Journal says: "It is impossible for the layman who has no brief from any religious organization to sympathize very keenly with the tangle into which the recent Protestant Episcopal convention got itself when it refused to create a separate bishopric for the Negroes, or with the more recent controversy in the Congregational national council involving the same semi-social recognition of 'the colored man and brother.' The extension of the 'hand of fellowship' to the Negro is for the committee on resolutions, not for the individual white members of a religious body. Whenever the matter is pursued to its logical extreme, an inevitable and irrepressible conflict is precipitated. "The council now meeting in this city 'protested' against the segregation of white and Negro Federal employees. The beneficiaries of this protest, probably made in the interest of the Negro, were far away, in the national capital. But when the relentless logic of the proposition obtruded itself upon the council in the recognition of the Negro on the spot, the expected and the inescapable happened. There was trouble. Resolutions don't help or hurt anybody. But tangible extension of the principle of resolutions is a different matter." THE CRISIS The San Antonio Light discusses the topic of Negro bishops in the Episcopal Church: "The arguments for and against the resolution naturally grouped themselves into two classes. On the one hand were Southern clergymen who contended that under certain conditions the Negroes should have separate dioceses, with bishops of their own race. This, they maintained, would be in line with the policy of race segregation that has been found wise in sections where there are large numbers of Negroes, and which is exemplified by separate schools, in which the colored people have their own teachers. Such a division would be pleasing to the Negro communicants of the church and satisfactory to the whites. "On the other hand, it was maintained by other Southern clergymen that the Negro is not yet sufficiently developed to be given jurisdiction over his own people in such a matter, and that to adopt the resolution would be a shirking on the part of the whites of their responsibility for the welfare of the colored race. The question also arose as to the position of a white clergyman who might find himself in the presence of a Negro bishop, who would thus become to an extent his superior in the church. "After a long discussion, in which the subject was threshed out in all its bearings without the debaters getting any nearer to one another's views, Mr. Cook's motion put the whole matter over for three years." In New York City $250,000 out of the Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. fund will go for buildings in which to house the colored branches. These are especially needed, as Negroes are not allowed in the central Y. M. C. A. or in any of the white branches, a discrimination which is sometimes also made against the race of Jesus Christ! The colored people themselves raised $41,000. In contrast to the "religious" press comes a strong word from the Truth Seeker, an agnostic newspaper: "I want to see my fellow Freethinkers taking hold in deadly earnest of the underlying great economic, political, civic and ethical issues of the present. "One of these is the race question. There can be no honest, just, enduring democracy where racial lines of cleavage are permitted, where a man or a woman is measured not by his or her individual services and character, but by the race to which he or she belongs, or belong in part. Any alleged democracy that denies equality of political, industrial or civil rights because of race is rotten at the core and if it does not mercilessly cut out that rottenness by doing justice, the day will come when the corruption will break through the veneer of religion and respectability and that counterfeit democracy will plunge into the depths, where it belongs. The United States fronts this momentous and ominous problem, as do the Federated States of South Africa, as does Russia in the case of the Jew, as has and does every other State that rested or rests on the slipping shale of caste. Let no Freethinker have part or covenant with the unclean thing." m CHICAGO Chicago has been having some heart searching concerning her own Negro problem. A recent investigation gave rise to the question as to why the colored population furnished one-eighth of the boys and one-third of the girls who were sent to jail during the year. The Inter-Ocean says: "In spite of the great progress the race has made in Chicago, it is asserted, the colored boy or girl even to-day contends against great odds. All business colleges and industrial schools discriminate against the Negro, it is said, as do the labor unions and business men's associations. "The investigators found, according to the report, that the greater number of Negro enterprises are the outgrowth of domestic and personal service occupations, and that they are in branches of business which call for small amounts of capital and very little previous experience. "The report goes on to say: 'There are at present in Chicago, managed by colored men, twenty-three manufacturing establishments; seventy-two barber shops; sixty-three van, moving and storage places; fifty restaurants: thirty-four poolrooms; twenty-six real-estate dealers; twenty-six tailors; twenty-five coal and wood dealers; twenty-four hair dressers; twenty-three groceries; twenty cigar venders; twelve builders and contractors; eleven undertakers; nine printing plants and eight hotels, besides a small representation in forty-one other lines of business.' "The report concludes by calling attention to the fact that for many years Chicago has had the reputation of giving the colored race fair treatment, and urges that unless the people of the city awaken more fully to the OPINION 131 injustice which to an extent still is being practised in discrimination, society has yet to suffer." A well-known fact is illustrated by the Chicago Tribune: "On the outskirts of the south side 'black belt' stands a flat building in which, until recently, white tenants paid $12 a month for a six-room apartment and $17 a month for a seven-room apartment. It is now tilled with colored people who pay $l6 a month for the smaller flats and $20 for the larger. The building was in such poor repair that it was almost impossible to get white tenants any longer. Not a cent was spent to improve it before the Negroes moved in." Small wonder that Judge Kavanagh said recently to a Chicago audience: "That is the state of things that makes pertinent the inquiry: 'How much has the Negro been freed?' and which permits the answer: 'Not much.' " A number of curious little THE CRUX OF happenings show how the THE PROBLEM. Negro problem ramifies and expands. The Lincoln (Neb.) Journal says: "One incident of the Kansas-Nebraska football game at Lawrence was more interest ing than the game and far more significant. The fifty colored students of Kansas Univer sity attended the game in a body wearing Nebraska colors and cheering for a Nebraska player. "This was the result of the discussion of the right of a Negro player to a place on the Nebraska team. Kansas bars Negroes and wished Nebraska to do the same. To its credit Nebraska stood out and Ross played. The Negro students at Lawrence were forced to choose between loyalty to their school and loyalty to themselves—their own self-respect. They took the effective way to give expression to their feelings of outraged justice." The Southern Medical Association, which met recently in Lexington, Ky., have been compelled to expunge certain proceedings from their records. They were having a pleasant time with each other on the usual Southern subject of the Negro and showing beyond peradventure that Negro disease was threatening white stamina. At this point a local colored physician whom the Lexington Herald calls "a man of character and ability" arose and spoke. Dr. Robinson explains his position in the following letter in the Herald: "The writer, a Negro physician of twenty-five years' experience, being present and hearing the discussion, asked tbe privilege of the association to present the matter from a Negro's standpoint, which privilege was granted by vote of the association. "The writer had no desire to intrude, nor interfere with the harmony of the meeting, yet it would seem the part of a coward to sit in silence before such a caustic arraignment; hence he felt it a matter of duty to say in open court why such a sentence should not be passed upon him. He tried to show that disease is a matter of condition and not one of race or color; that in disease there is no aristocracy and that disease germs reign supreme where the best soil for their propagation obtains; that to be physically unclean is to be diseased; that nature's laws, which are fixed and unchangeable, deal with the Negro the same as they deal with the white man under similar conditions. * * * "The writer regrets that in a discussion of the matter that even some physicians in a meeting of a medical society saw fit to inject the question of social equality into a subject of so much importance as sanitation and the welfare of the public health. Social equality had nothing to do with it. "After a discussion of the subject by the writer and others, the meeting went into a discussion of whether or not the privilege of the floor, previously granted the writer, should appear as a matter of record. "To preserve the honor and integrity of the white race, and after an animated discus sion, it was voted that records should not show that a Negro bad bad the privilege of the floor to discuss the subject of 'The Negro as a Public Health Problem.'" Atlantic City has been somewhat excited because its mayor was arrested by a Negro constable on the charge of bribery; while the new town of Lomax, Ill., announces that it is going to prevent the sale of liquor for ever, "by 'conditions subsequent' in our deeds that will cause the title of the property to revert to the Town Company. * * * In the same way we will keep out the Negro and Asiatics as property owners or renters." The Song of the Smoke I am the smoke king, I am black. I am swinging in the sky, I am ringing worlds on high; I am the thought of the throbbing mills, I am the soul of the Soul toil kills, I am the ripple of trading rills. Up I'm curling from the sod, I am whirling home to God. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am wreathing broken hearts, I am sheathing devils' darts; Dark inspiration of iron times, Wedding the toil of toiling climes, Shedding the blood of bloodless crimes, Down I lower in the blue. Up I tower toward the true. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am darkening with song, I am hearkening to wrong; I will be black as blackness can, The blacker the mantle the mightier the man, M y purpl'ing midnights noI am carving God in night, I am painting Hell in white. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am the smoke king, I am black. I am cursing ruddy morn, day dawn may ban. I am hearsing hearts unborn; Souls unto me are as mists in the night, I whiten my black men, I blacken my white, What's the hue of a hide to a man in his might! Hail, then, gritty, grimy hands, Sweet Christ, pity toiling lands! Hail to the smoke king, Hail to the black! (Original version first published in the Horizon) EDITORIAL RESOLVED, That this year I will join the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and fight for freedom. JOIN OR DIE! THE CRISIS exists for one great purpose. TH E CRISIS seeks to entertain its readers, and entertainment is a legiti mate object for a popular magazine. Our pictures, our stories and our ornamentation are for entertainment. But the object of THE CRISIS is not simply to entertain. THE CRISIS seeks to inform. It is in the large sense a newspaper. It deals not so much with immediate news as with forgotten, neglected and concealed news. This is its great and notable function, and gives THE CRISIS a peculiar place among American periodicals. But TH E CRISIS is not merely an entertaining newspaper. THE CRISIS entertains and informs its readers for the one object and the sole object of arousing their fighting blood. THE CRISIS means fight and fight for Right. More than that, TH E CRISIS stands for a definite method of fighting. TH E CRISIS does not simply protest or simply tell the unpalatable truth or simply cry fight wildly and crazily. TH E CRISIS cries fight and adds: Here are weapons, and here is the battle line: Join or die! What are the weapons? Organized publicity, advertisement, public meetings, petitions, arrest, law suits, protest, investigation, research , resistance— every way in which the civilized world has fought and must fight and will fight wrong. Where is the battle line? The battle line is the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. There are individual sharpshooters fighting their own effective guerrilla warfare. We greet them and give them all credit. There are a few organizations here and there with some activity. We would not detract a moment from the value of their work. But the flat fact remains: There is in the United States but one organization with permanent headquarters, paid officials, active nationwide membership, live local branches, a national organ, law officers and traveling organizers, all organized and prepared to make a front forward fight on racial prejudice in this land. Here is the organization. Here is the work to do. Here are twenty local branches and over 2,100 members already banded for the warfare. What are you doing? Join or die! Join the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE or be strangled to a slow and awful death by growing prejudice. There is no excuse. The cost ? It costs but a dollar. 134 THE The need? We need 200,000 members instead of a paltry 2,000. The use? Merciful God! does a drowning man ask ~the USE of struggles? No, he struggles, he fights. He wins the shore or dies fighting. Black men of America, are you men? Dare you fight? Join us and fight, then. Join or die! "FREE, WHITE AND TWENTY-ONE." WE will suppose, dear reader, that you are "Free, white and twenty-one;'' that you are reasonably patriotic and would rather the world grew better than worse. What should be your first duty? Will you pardon us for suggesting membership in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People as your first and greatest duty? Does the advice sound in your ears a bit grotesque and certainly myopic ? Pause, then, and consider: Freedom is a state of mind: a spiritual unchoking of the wells of human power and superhuman love. Is there anything in America that is so strangling brotherhood and narrowing humanity and encouraging hatred, lust and murder as race prejudice? Is there any conceivable crime that it does not daily excuse? Any conceivable inhumanity that it may not deify? If you want freedom, then join this association and fight race hatred. You are "white." You want to remain "white." You want your children to be "white." Very well. Your wish on this point may seem to some of us of slightly less than infinite importance and yet this is your wish, and the wish of any human being must be respected. But do .you realize that the one certain way to insure a future mulatto world is to despise black folk? Do you realize that if you make this world a hell for Africans and Chinese and Malays that CRISIS the result will be the rapid disappearance of race differentiation and that, too, largely and predominantly by amalgamation ? If then you want to preserve the special characteristics of white peoples, make it possible for darker peoples to preserve their racial characteristics without loss of freedom and self-respect. You are twenty-one—i. e., you can vote. Or at least you think you can. Or if you are really wise you know what a farce voting is in this land. Why? Because a Southern voter has from twice to seven times the power of a Northern voter and South Carolina far outweighs Illinois in political significance. Because political democracy cannot be linked with industrial despotism, else the result is the. rule of the rich. Now industrial despotism is founded on slavery and peonage, rack rent and low wages. Negroes were slaves, they are peons, they are rack rented and receive less than can support them in decency. Against them white workingmen must compete and the votes stolen from Negroes are used by white capitalists to keep the laborer in bondage. Is your vote safe then as long as disfranchisement and peonage are in the land? Wherefore, as one who, is "Free, white and twenty-one," come and join us and help accomplish freedom, safeguard legitimate pride of being and make democracy real. A WRETCHED DECISION. WE doubt if the board of bishops of the African Methodist Church can afford to let the decision OF THE PUBLISHING board stand. The facts are that the last general conference elected a disreputable minister as business manager of the book concern and an educated gentleman as editor. The editor endured this combination for a long time until at last, being compelled to explain certain curious happenings, he EDITORIAL told the truth and said that the manager was drunk. The publishing board met; it is said that they dined with the drunkard, but afterward were reluctantly compelled to dismiss him by evidence that was simply overwhelming; and then they promptly dismissed the editor for saying that the manager was drunk! This, we submit, is going a bit too far and much too fast. Everybody knows that the Negro church has a large number of disreputable scoundrels' in its ministry. Against these venal immoral men—the indirect heritage of the slave regime—the forces of honesty and uplift in the church are fighting and making gradual headway. But they have not won. The last African Methodist general conference was a disappointing body and its work was a distinct retrogression. Out of the cloud of bribery and rascality that overhung it came a few stars of hope in the elevation of Hurst to the bishopric and Wright to the editorship of the Christian Recorder. To offset this, came Lowe and his ilk in even higher places. Does the publication board dare openly and impudently to support the devil against decency? Listen, gentlemen, the colored people are as patient and long suffering with their own rascals as with the rascality of their white oppressors. But there are limits, and if the church cannot cleanse itself they know how to clean it. m THE YEAR 1913 IN ACCOUNT WITH BLACK FOLK. - Dr. WOODROW WILSON. Dismissal of colored Segregation in the New attempts at segregation in Baltimore and elsewhere. Mississippi Pullman case. The Florida school law. The unspeakable Patterson. The civil-rights law repeal. Sixty Negroes murdered by lynch law and many more by mobs and assassins. Death of Harriet Tubman, William J. White, John R. Francis, Robert Ogden, Earl Finch, Bishop Derrick and Jennie Dean. Cr. Second defeat of segregation in Baltimore. The Southern Sociological Congress. The National Emancipation Exposi tion in New York City. The New Jersey Emancipation Exposition. The New York Negro regiment bill. Defeat of discriminatory legislation in eight States. Levy civil-rights law in New York. Colored Y. M. C. A. buildings in five cities. Heroism at Dayton, O. The Standard Life Insurance Company. New libraries and parks in the South. Fisk University endowment. Winning of Burton and Howe cases. Lyric Theatre case in New York. Beginning of supervision of colored rural schools. Encouragement of high schools by the Slater board. Illinois semi-centennial bill. Odd Fellows and Masons halls in Jacksonville, Atlanta and New Haven. Association of Negro Industrial and Secondary Schools. Perry's black sailors remembered. Several public officials elected and appointed. Growth of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Balance Due. Courage and fight. m RESOLVED, That it is worth five dollars a year to any man to find out by such energetic, intelligent, concerted action as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People employs whether the Negro race in America is to be slave or free. A MAN THEY DIDN'T KNOW A STORY By JAMES D. (PART II) [Synopsis of part I.: Nefferman, President of the United States, is suddenly faced by civil war in Mexico, revolt in Hawaii, unrest among American Negroes and imminent war with Japan. He calls on colored leaders for advice. Grant Noble advises the President to secure the help and co-operation of Jed Blackburn, the discredited Negro prize-lighter.] "The plan will be considered," announced the President. "I shall need your help, gentlemen, for whatever line of action we decide upon; and I thank you sincerely for coming. My secretary will see each one of you. You will not object. I trust, if we ' secure the co-operation of Dr. Jefferson." In the envelope containing his expense allowance Grant Noble found a request to call upon the President the following morning. In the interim of a night Grant Noble had made a hurried trip into Pennsylvania. When he arrived at the White House in the morning he led by the hand a wondering little boy whom he left in the outer room, when finally he was admitted to see the President. "Ah! so.'" exclaimed President Nefferman. glancing up. "Answer two questions: Your plans? And the reason for this state of affairs?" "The reason. Mr. President," Grant Noble replied, "is the failure of white Americans to keep the golden rule in their dealing's with colored people; the inability to believe that we are no less human than they. Three hundred years ago Shakespeare made Shylock ask: 'If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you poison us. do we not die? If you wrong us, shall we not revenge?' But these memorable heart cries of another race merely amuse your own. They should make you shiver! 'Vengeance is mine, saith the Lord, and I will repay!' You have been buying, buying, buying, with bullet and CORROTHERS  (Concluded from December CRISIS) rope and roaring, red flame! These, and every agonized victim's cry, are legal tender with God.' Strangely, the despised black man has at last turned from, or upon, his tormentors, resolved to die." "But they must be won back!" interrupted the President. "What is your remedy ?" "Simply inspiring JUSTICE." "Is this disaffection really as general among your people, Mr. Noble, as it would appear ?" "1 presume you want the truth? I have myself been approached by . Well. secret agents of another government. I was offered tempting things—a professorship in their great university and a man's chance among them. I was at the point of wavering. Your letter, and that alone, caused me to reflect that yet hope might dawn for my race—in America," he said with emotion. "It is my duty to tell you. Mr. President." he added, "that this entire country has been mapped by pretended "students.' Every important road, stream, forest and hill is known, and the location of the remotest hamlet. The subjugation of the whole country is planned. The yellow race has shaken hands upon the prospect. Only God's providence can save us, with all we may do." "What would your plan require?" " A colonelship for Jed Blackburn." "And for yourself, what?" " A common soldier's fare." President Nefferman was strangely moved. "Permit me to shake your hand!" he exclaimed. "I did not know there were such men in your race. I and my people have sinned!" The glaring sign on a Chicago street announced the name "Jed Blackburn." But the place was closed, and the ebon giant, standing before the door, had a A MAN THEY downcast look. He extended his hand to Grant Noble with a "Glad to meet you, parson." Noble explained his mission. "What!" roared the scowling giant. "Fight fer this country? Well, I'm d—d if I do! Excuse me, parson. But ain't there some more interestin' subject?— prayer meetin', missions, measles, cholera morbus, an' th' like. Anything pleasant '11 do. Fightin' fer white folks is whut ruined me! They say I'm a bad man. Well, I'm just whut white men developed me into. See? Did / want to be a prizefighter? No! I wanted to be a wheelwright, like my father. I was a brawny lad. White men saw me. 'Be a fighter,' sez they. I fought. 'Now, be a sport,' they sez. I sported. 'Git tough,' sez they. 'Th' tougher you be th' better you'll fight; an' maybe you'll git to be champeen.' Say! I moved right over on to Tough Street. Th' further you went th' tougher it got. An' I lived in th' last house! "Well, whut does my champeenship 'mount to? After I licked the champeen, th' white folks got it in fer me. I'm disgraced to-day, an' almost broke. Wish I'd never seen a glove! I could have been useful an' happy down South in th' little, ole shop. But I ain't got no trade, ner no fr'en's, parson. That's all!" "My friend," agreed Grant Noble, "you've been a big fool. But there's a way of atonement for you. You are a brave man. Will you take it?" Thereupon he narrated his plan. "Parson," declared the pugilist with emotion, "I'll go you! The' ain't no yaller in me! I never saw this thing before. If I've hurt my race I'll atone. An' thank God fer th' chance!" And his eyes filled with tears. "All my life I've tried, in my way, to be somebody," he continued. "I meant to win glory fer my race. I starved, stalled, fought under wraps, played silly—till my chance come, when . they sent me ag'inst the champeen. Before that fight I prayed to God. Between every round I prayed. The champeen wuz almost killin' me. My punishment wuz awful. His strength wuz as the strength of twenty men; his blows were murder. Ag'inst his ponderous bulk an' strength I pitted my skill an' toughness, and fought toe to toe. Three of my ribs were crushed, my teeth loosened an' DIDN'T KNOW 137 my lips bleedin'; an' I bled inwardly, but I joked an' smiled an' fought on. I knew my good, ole mother wuz prayin'. I knew all my race wuz hopin', an' I went in to win or die. I'm a tough guy, parson, but I went to th' hospital after that fight. The champeen nearly finished me, 'stead o' me gittin' him. As" I lay in that hospital, sul't'crin' th' tortures uv th' damned, I thanked my lucky stars, an' thanked th' dear, good God. It's tough, ain't it, parson, when a feller's disgraced his race? Well, Jeddie Blackburn in a colonel's uniform '11 look swell. Aye?" The country responded gallantly to the President's call for volunteers—Germans, Jews, Irish, Italians, Negroes, men of nearly every race, a million Americans sprang bravely to arms, proudly augmenting the regular troops. Gen. Frederick R. Gant, son of the illustrious "Hero of Athernox," was placed in supreme command. As the ranking officer of his race, Jed Blackburn was allowed to attend the conference of officers, and to listen while plans were discussed for "the defeat of the enemy on his own grounds." Little attention was paid to Blackburn. In fact, he was merely tolerated. Someone, in pure consideration, however, suggested that he be allowed a word. Blackburn spoke briefly, but as decisively as a veteran. "Always let your man come to you," he declared, in heavy bass; "let 'im come on, an' nail 'im without a return. How you goin' to fight anybody you can't find? Let th' geesers come over here. They're comin' fast enough! Save your energy, an' cut loose when you're sure. An', depend upon it, they'll feint, an' try to smash you where you don't expect it. Jes' like boxin'!" Strange to tell, this was the very plan the enemy pursued. The Philippines had yielded; Hawaii was gone. Suddenly a small Japanese squadron, appearing off San Francisco, began a heavy bombard ment. Repelled, they sullenly drew off, in apparent discomfiture, steaming swiftly westward, out of sight. Almost immedi ately a withering bombardment was begun at San Diego, crumpling the town. The invaders landed, pushed rapidly north, and formed a juncture with their land forces, marching north from lower California. THE CRISIS Within three days the vanishing fleet which had withdrawn from the Golden Gate was hurled back, like a thunderbolt, upon Santa Monica, the port of Los Angeles, wreaking untold vengeance there. ''Do you go, gen'al, an' say 'howdy' to 'em down there!" exclaimed Blackburn, joyfully. "Me 'an my men '11 troll these others off to a nice little place I know—a deep valley in th' Santa Rosa Mountains. I found it when I used to be trainin'. It's a reg'lar death trap. When we fellers git 'em there we'll settle with some of 'em; an' you'se come back an' do th' rest." Then he stepped out before his "army"— 200,000 blacks. "Who's goin' along with me?" he asked quietly. "It may mean death, men. Will you go? Will you go, MeVey? Will you, Langford? You, Jeannette?" To which they assented— "Yes." "An' who else?" Jed Blackburn cried. With a tremendous roar, 200,000 Negro throats gave back a thunderous "I—I—I!" "Good boys!" avowed Blackburn, "but you've too many. I'll take every twentieth man." Thus, of those named, were counted out all but McVey. Grant Noble was counted out, and bidden to "come on with th' reinforcements." "Men," announced Jed Blackburn to the 10,000 who should go, "we shell move at once ag'inst th' enemy. There's not much hope uv us comin' back. But, if we die in this fight, we'll be dyin' fer our race. Mavbe we'll make it better fer them that's lef' to tell." Then, like desperate wasps, they stung the hurrying yellow flank, harassing, retreating, harrying", interfering with their march; luring them always toward the "death trap"—on and on. At last the great moment was near. "Colonel" Blackburn sent this message to General Gant: "Send reinforcements now. We'll end the war here." Northeast in the Santa Rosa range is a narrow defile, flanked arid overbrowed with beetling cliffs. It is like a rocky throat. Straight north it leads into a valley, a precipitous, dreary enclosure, several miles in circumference. This is the stomach. Thither Jed Blackburn retreated, close pressed by the invaders, and made his only stand. This was "the death trap." From this valley there was no retreat, save by the pass by which they came. Now came the victorious whites, like the swift eagles of Rome, swooping to the prey. The black reinforcement came with them, straining upon the leash, madly eager for the fray. Grant Noble, among them, wore the uniform of a common soldier. Eyes ablaze, breath quick, he stood waiting for the command. Over in the "death trap" the sound of grim slaughter was heard. The loyal blacks were dying now. Under that lurid sky the fierce arm of Nippon was bared; the sword of Nippon drank blood, and leaden missiles sang of death. The smoking valley reeled beneath the awful cannonade. It was horrible for the black men within!—100,000 yellow men against 10,000 blacks. Now! now, the command was given! In an impetuous charge 10,000 black, battle-glaring demons dashed through the blazing pass and rushed upon the foe. A hundred thousand Germans followed, like the resistless legions of Barbarossa; 90,000 more Negro troops followed these, and then still other and other American soldiers came— Jews, Frenchmen, English-Americans, Italians, Irish, Swedes; and from the heights American cannon boomed, while American aviators, hovering aloft, skilfully dropped explosives upon the army of Nippon. The effect was horrible. Brave devils! whole Japanese regiments crumpled and curled up in the withering fire. Raked every way with belching cannon and rattling musketry, bayonetted and slashed by the ever-charging black troops, no human power could long endure the fearful plight of the yellow warriors. The fight was soon over. A dash by the Irish troopers gained the day. The war was ended. The correspondents who accompanied the troops heralded the magnificent victory, and agreed that Gen. Frederick R. Gant vied with President Nefferman as the "man of the hour." But General Gant himself stated that he must agree with President Nefferman who had generously avowed that much credit was due to a colored man of the name of Grant Noble. But Noble, when sought out upon the battlefield, pointed to a gigantic black man lying among the slain. "There, gentlemen," he declared, "is a man they didn't know." NATIONAL ASSOCIATIONOF COLORED OUR NEW LEGAL BUREAU. AS announced in the last issue of THE CRISIS , the legal work of the association has been put upon a new basis. Mr. Brinsmade has been retained to assist tbe legal committee. His office is at 26 Vesey Street, in the association's national offices. The legal work is to be confined entirely to cases of race discrimination. We do not intend to do legal work for colored people just because they are colored. We do want to help in every case where a colored person, because of color, is denied a right to which he is entitled. We realize that it is often hard to decide whether or not a particular case involves race discrimination and shall be glad to consider any case where there is this doubt; but we cannot too strongly emphasize this point: We cannot take cases where the wrong is not the result of race discrimination. To determine, therefore, whether or not to apply to us for help, consider only the facts of your case. Was it because of your color that you were wronged? Do not bring a case to us because you cannot afford to pay a lawyer. There are legal aid societies. We refer to them all persons unable to pay a lawyer's bill who report cases that do not come within the scope of our work. On the other hand, do not neglect to report a case of real race discrimination, because you feel able to pay all your legal expenses. If you can afford to, employ your own attorney and we will co-operate with him, if he so desires. W e furnish, not financial, but legal help, and we are ready to supply it to rich or poor in any case which comes within the scope of our work. The enumeration of a few examples of race discrimination will show the scope of FOR THE ADVANCEMENT  PEOPLE our work. Familiar instances are lynching, denial of civil rights and segregation. The first is the most important. Every lynching should be promptly reported. The second is important because so common. Colored people are constantly being compelled to stand in street cars in which white people are given seats; they are furnished accommodations on railway trains which are greatly inferior to those furnished to white people and they are denied admittance to theatres, hotels, restaurants, etc., to which white people are admitted. They are often compelled to submit questions involving their lives, their liberty or their property to juries from which all colored persons have been excluded because of their color. The third example, segregation, is constantly becoming more important. The highest court of the land has apparently decided that under distinct limitations segregation on railway trains is legitimate. But now the principle is being extended on every side. Colored government employees are being segregated, cities are adopting ordinances planned to confine colored people to certain parts of the city, and there is a movement on foot to carry out the same scheme in country districts. We cannot begin to enumerate all the cases that can arise, but the above will suggest a few ways in which race discrimina tion manifests itself. We offer a few suggestions about report ing cases: When promptness is necessary, be prompt. When a lynching occurs, report it immediately with all you can learn about the facts. Evidence can be obtained only by prompt action, and without evidence we are 140 THE helpless. When there has been introduced into the legislature of your State or the council of your city a bill which discriminates against colored people, if we do not learn of it till it has been passed, obviously we can do nothing. On the other hand, if the act of discrimination is in pursuance of a regular policy— i. e., if you are excluded from a theatre or restaurant or denied a seat on a street car— do not report that particular violation, but let us know when and how colored people are being discriminated against and we will advise you how to prepare cases which will best test the validity of these acts. Do not hesitate to report a case because you do not wish your name to appear in the matter. We do not disclose the name of our informant if he requests us not to. Finally, it must be borne in mind that every case of injustice cannot be remedied in the law courts. Therefore, it will not be surprising if we are unable to render any assistance whatever in many cases which will be referred to us. Do not, however, let this fact deter you from applying to us for assistance whenever you consider that you have been denied your rights on account of your color. m ANNUAL MEETING. THE annual meeting of the National Association will be held in the auditorium of the Charities Building, 105 East 22d Street, New York, on Monday, January 5. There will be two sessions. The afternoon session, which will be devoted to reports of officers and committees and to other business of the association, will be open to members only. The evening session, beginning at 8 o'clock, will be a public session and members are asked to bring their friends. The subject of the meeting will probably be segregation and there will be addresses by prominent speakers. Dinner will be served to the members and guests at half-past six at the Rand School, 140 East 19th Street, at 50 cents a plate. A formal notice of this meeting will be sent to all members of the association. The annual meeting should not be confused with the annual conference, which will be held in Baltimore the last week in April or the first week in May. CRISIS MEETINGS. MR. SPINGARN addressed an enthu siastic meeting of 600 colored citizens at the Beneficent Congregational Church, Providence, R. I., on Wednesday, November 4. The meeting was held under the auspices of a temporary committee working to establish a branch of the National Association. Dr. J. J. Robinson was chairman of this committee and Miss Reberta J. Dunbar secretary. Dr. Robinson presided at the meeting. Other speakers were the Rev. Asbury Krom, pastor of the church, and Mr. John C. Minkins. On November 17 Mr. Villard made an address to the students of Cornell University on the work of the association. There was a large attendance and as a result it seems probable that a college chapter will be formed at Cornell. BRANCHES. BALTIMORE. THE Baltimore branch has succeeded, through its attorneys, Mr. McGuinn and Mr. Hawkins, in acquitting George Howe, the man who shot into a mob which was bombarding his house. When these attorneys took up his case he had already been convicted. After a desperate fight he was acquitted on all five charges—assault with intent to murder, three charges of common assault and a fifth charge for carrying concealed weapons. At the annual meeting of the branch the following officers were elected: President, Dr. P. M. Cardoza; recording secretary, Miss Lucy D. Slowe; assistant recording secretary, Miss Ethel Lewis; corresponding secretary, Miss Margaret Flagg; treasurer, Mr E. B. Taylor; executive committee, Mr. George B. Murphy, chairman; Mr. W . T. McGuinn, Mr. D. O. W. Holmes, Rev. W. W. Williams, Rev. G. R. Waller, Dr. A. O. Reid. BOSTON. On Sunday afternoon, December 1, Boston held another magnificent protest meeting in Faneuil Hall. An hour before the time for the meeting hundreds of the members of the various lodges of Odd Fellows, headed by the Rev. Samuel A. Brown, of the Congregational Church, marched from the West End. From the South End marched members of the THE N. A. various churches, literary clubs, Bible classes and civic organizations, headed by the Rev. B. W. Swain, of Zion Church. For years Boston has not seen such an impressive sight—representatives of all races and creeds going to Faneuil Hall, the people's cradle of liberty, to protest against the inhuman and undemocratic policy of segregation and the recognition of caste by the United States Government. At 3 o'clock the hall and the adjacent square were packed. In the audience were many distinguished men and women. On the platform were the clergymen of the colored churches of Greater Boston. When Mr. Storey was presented the audience rose to its feet with a great burst of applause. Mr. Storey said that while the segregation of colored citizens in public-service positions might be the act of the President's subordinates alone, his failure to heed the protest sent to Washington gives the sanction of the government to a prejudice which blocks the Negro on every hand. He continued: "Our colored citizens are not inferior, and they are progressing so fast that they will soon present themselves as the white man's equal. Persecution, world wide and bitter, could not keep the Jew down; England's contempt for the Irish has not kept the Irish down. We are dealing with a caste prejudice. Every race should unite with us to destroy it. The national government sanctions and approves the race prejudice which is the greatest handicap to Negro progress to-day. W e fully appreciate the grave difficulties which beset the path of President Wilson, but we cannot forget that he promised, before his election, fair dealings for the colored people. He has the power to arrest segre gation. We ask him now for the promised assistance." Rabbi Eichler, the next speaker, declared that no prejudice should be recognized officially in this country, saying: "Once it is, the great prophecy of Abra-• ham Lincoln will come true: 'A house divided against itself cannot stand.' I am with you in this fight. We have suffered from segregation and while the laws have been modified and changed, segregation of my people still exists in a great many places, not legally, but actually. The segregation that exists in Washington to-day is wrong, unjust." A. C. P. 141 Cheering and loud applause greeted Mr. Villard, the last speaker. Many in the audience had heard his distinguished ancestor in this very hall pleading for justice to the Negro. Resolutions calling upon the President, Postmaster-General and Secretary of the Treasury, Mr. McAdoo, to stop segregation were read by Major Horace Bumstead, who led the colored troops at the battle of Petersburg. A telegram from Mayor Fitzgerald was read, stating that he had already taken up the matter with the authorities in Washington. The previous evening both Mr. Storey and Mr. Villard made addresses at a banquet of the Wendell Phillips Association, held in Chipman Hall in celebration of "Garrison Night." DETROIT. The National Association is in receipt of newspaper clippings containing resolutions of the Detroit branch censuring the action of Wendell Miner, a colored caterer, who refused to serve the Men's Club of St. Matthew's Episcopal Church at a banquet held at the Taylor-Wolfenden Cafe. Mr. Miner has been excluded from two waiters' associations because of his action and it is rumored that he has been so ostracized that he has left the city. HOWARD UNIVERSITY. The Howard University chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People began its year's work with a monster mass meeting. Never in the history of the university has there been such an outpouring of students for such a cause. The attendance and the enthusiasm which characterized the meeting indicate that Howard, as the first chartered college branch of the association, is destined to carry its propaganda into many colleges in this country. President Allen presided and made an inspiring address. TACOMA. Tacoma is the first branch to give an anniversary banquet to celebrate its advent into the association. At this first birthday affair the president, Rev. J. A. Nelson, presided as toastmaster. The speakers were the Rev. Mr. Collins, Mr. Joseph Corbin, Mr. H. J. Asberry, Mrs. Blanche L. Gaston, Mrs. J. D. Carter and others. That Tacoma is alive to the segregation issue is indicated THE CRISIS by the fact that protest meetings have recently been held in two of the white Congregational churches. Both of these meeting's were arranged by the pastors of the churches, the Rev. A. C. Wheeler and the Rev. Frank Dyer. WASHINGTON, D. C. Members of the committee of fifty are working hard pushing their campaign for $2,000. Miss Hunter, Mr. Hershaw, Mr. Thomas, Mr. Cook, the Rev. Mr. McCary and other members of the executive committee are spreading the propaganda of the association by holding meetings, making addresses and by campaigning for members. Lack of space prevents our quoting in full the following communication just received as THE CRISIS goes to press: "Miss Margaret Woodrow Wilson, "The White House, "Washington, D. C. "MADAME : "In the Evening Star for Friday, November 28, I note on the front page a news article announcing that 'representatives of fifty-six local civic organizations and others interested in Washington's development have received invitations to attend a meeting in the east room of the White House, when a report will be made by a special committee appointed to consider a wider use of the school plant, a plan to correlate the city's recreational activities and the location of swimming pools in the District of Columbia.' To you in your capacity as chairman of the special committee mentioned, I take the liberty of submitting a most respectful protest against the exclusion of representatives of the colored civic, organizations both from the 'meeting held November 14 last, at the home of Mrs. Archibald Hopkins, under the auspices of the committee on recreation of the women's department of the National Civic Federation' and from the meeting called for Monday, December 1, at the White House. "The drawing of the color line was accentuated at the November 14 meeting by the looks of surprise in certain faces, I am told by a good friend, with which the entirely accidental presence of one colored person was greeted. A second invitation to this unique individual will not, of course, take off the curse! "About one-third of the total population of Washington is colored. The local colored community is not undistinguished for its culture and its sense of responsibility for community betterment. No other element in the city's population is more deeply concerned than the colored people in the wider use of the school plant and in the correlation of the city's recreational activities. Important in population, both absolute and proportionate; profoundly affected by the success or failure of the projects to which your special committee stands committed; heartily disposed to render community service, the colored people of Washington are distressed and humiliated at their exclusion from the councils to which 'representatives of fifty-six local civic organizations and others interested in Washington's development have received invitations.' * * * "Most respectfully, "ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE." A NE W BUSINESS VENTURE By H. H. PACE THE organization o f th e Standard Life Insurance Company, of Atlanta, Ga., with a paid-in capital of $100,000, is a long stride forward in the financial development of the Negro race. From the beginnings of insurance among our people in the secret society and the fraternal order to an old-line legal reserve company, which has met the requirements of four Southern States and has undergone one of the most rigid examinations for admission into a Stale that any company ever had to undergo, is indeed an achievement worth more than passing mention. The business of life insurance has become one of the world's greatest as well as one of its most beneficent forces. The combined assets of the old-line life-insurance companies of this country aggregate the enormous sum of $6,000,000,000. There are over 30,000,000 A NEW BUSINESS VENTURE policies in force issued by the 300 white companies who transact the business of life insurance. All of these enormous assets are held by white people, and almost all of the insurance which these policies represent is carried by white people. The pamphlet issued by an actuarial society, giving the geographical distribution of life insurance by States, uses the following words: "As there is little or no insurance among the Negro race, he is left out of all calculation in this book." The Standard Life Insurance Company is intending, through its organization and its operation, to make of the Negro race a factor in the calculation of insurance books and pamphlets of the future. For fully fifteen years there have been efforts made by our people along insurance lines. The sick and death-benefit concerns, operated largely upon the mutual plan with no capital stock, have done in their way a considerable amount of good; in fact, they have paved the way for such an organization as this one of which I am writing. The Standard Life Insurance Company would have been an impossibility fifteen or eighteen years ago. The first attempt to organize this company was made over five years ago, when Heman E. Perry, born on a Texas prairie, where his vision became great by necessity, who had eagerly read every word that had ever fallen beneath his eyes that was written about life insurance, who at spare times had sold life insurance for the Manhattan Life, the Fidelity, Mutual and the Equitable, who had drifted to New York and had studied life insurance at first hand in the offices of some of these companies as an employee, who had formed the acquaintance of actuaries of national reputation and distinction, and who had dreamed of an institution of insurance owned and operated by Negroes, came down to Atlanta on the red hills of Georgia and told a group of business men gathered at the Y. M. C. A. that he proposed to start a hundred-thousand-dollar life-insurance company. Some of those who were present sat up and gasped. Surely this young man was crazy, they thought. Some of them did not hesitate to even say so. When he outlined to them his plans, when he told—them his dream in a simple, straightforward, earnest way, and explained to them that the least amount with which they could begin business would be $100,000 paid-in capital which must be invested in bonds and deposited with the State treasurer for the protection of the policyholders of the company, they could hardly believe their ears. These men who had been in business and in the professions in Atlanta for many years, many of whom had grown wealthy in the one usual way, through investment in real estate, who had been accustomed to seeing big things done in their own little wonderful city of Atlanta by white men, were not prepared to see a Negro with an idea as big as this. They began to ask questions; they did not understand the meaning of those words "paid in" and "$100,000." They really wondered if he didn't make a mistake and meant $10,000 instead, and when they finally became convinced that this serious, sober, earnest young man meant every word he said some of them went home to think the matter over. Some few of them never came back, but the talk of that one meeting and what had been said was destined to live. Little by little the idea grew and men and women in every walk of life became interested in what this stranger was trying to do. Finally, when the subscription list opened, there were many who subscribed in good faith, who made the first payment and gave their notes for the balance. There were some others of our folk, and we have a good number of them among us who are professional subscribers, who put their names to everything that comes along and who never really intended paying. All of them, however, saw the possibilities of an organization backed by a capital of $100,000 and . operated along conservative insurance lines, but they didn't believe that that much money could ever be raised by and among colored people except at a rally to build a church. Finally a charter of incorporation was secured in January, 1909. Then began the real struggle. Up and down the length and breadth of the entire Southland, through every State from Virginia to Texas, Mr. Perry traveled at his own expense during the two years that immediately followed, selling stock, as he used to say, in the Standard Life Insurance Company. Tireless and unceasing, he endured all the hardships of Southern "Jim Crow" travel, obsessed by his dream and the idea that he could succeed in raising $100,000 to establish an old-line legal reserve insurance company among Negroes. There was a provision in the subscription blank which we offered to every subscriber, that not one penny of the money paid in should be used for the ex THE CRISIS penses of the organization; that if the company was not launched every dollar received, with 4 per cent, interest, should be returned to the subscriber. The State of Georgia said when the charter was granted: "Should you fail to begin business within two years from the date of issuance of this charter the money received for subscriptions shall be refunded to the subscribers and this charter shall be revoked." January 28, 1911, was the last day on which the Standard Life Insurance Company could begin business under that charter. After two years of the hardest kind of work and the greatest of sacrifices, in the closing days of 1910, there was little more than $60,000 in hand, and it needed $40,000 more before anything could be done. By herculean efforts within the next thirty days another $10,000 had been raised by this man whose faith in his idea had never been shaken. But when January, 1911, dawned and began to grow old it became apparent even to him that the $30,000 needed could not be raised from the subscribers themselves, so he began to try and borrow the necessary amount. From bank to bank and from trust company to trust company he went with increasing agony of despair to be met first with a laugh and a sneer—surely this Negro must be crazy, trying to borrow $30,000 from a white bank— and finally as they saw the evident sincerity, the earnestness of intent and purpose, the absolute integrity and honesty of the man, he was met with kindly words of sympathy and pity, until finally one bank president agreed that he would do what he could, but he needed time to consult his lawyer and his board, and the days were slipping rapidly toward the 28th, when either business must be begun or the charter be surrendered. And so a trip was made to New York, where the whole project was laid before about twelve of the leading bankers of that city, Mr. Perkins, of J. P. Morgan &amp; Company, being among the number. He gave more encouragement than the others; all of them listened intently, but the money was not forthcoming. And so with unusual swiftness the days sped by toward the fateful day; toward the shattering of a strong man's dream, and toward the point which would have broken a weak man's heart. During all those two years or more in which Heman E. Perry had been traveling through the South, selling stock in the Standard Life Insurance Company, enduring the abominations of "Jim Crow" cars and stations, and in which he had collected $70,000 of other people's money, he had used not one cent of that money, but had served without pay, had defrayed his own expenses, had hired others to help him when his own strength failed, had paid office rent and printing bills, had used every cent in the world that he possessed and had gone deep into debt that he might build this institution that would be a financial bulwark to the race. Then the charter expired and there began the sorrowful task of returning to hundreds of subscribers, scattered throughout ten States, this big sum of more than $70,000. The third day in February saw every subscriber with a check in his hands for the amount which he had paid, with added interest of 4 per cent., and seemingly the end of the Standard Life Insurance Company. It would have been the end to an ordinary man. It would have crushed a weak man. It would have convinced most people that raising capital in large amounts was a hopeless thing among colored people, that a $100,000 company with its capital all paid up and a surplus on hand to write insurance on Negro lives was an impossibility. But the man who had worked for two years making untold sacrifices was made of sterner stuff. He was made of the stuff that succeeds. After the sting of the crushing defeat had lost some of its pain, he set about the task of doing it all over again. Some who had been connected with the first company thought he was crazy, sure enough. Others pitied him, and there were some who marveled at his nerve, who admired a game man and the fellow who could not be defeated. They subscribed and sent back the whole check that they had just received. Then for nearly two years more he performed the same kind of labor, made the same kind of sacrifices, traveled days and nights, talked to men and women in his quiet, unassuming, earnest way, and long before the time had expired he had sold every one of the 1,000 shares of stock at $125 to $150 per share, collected over $50,000 in cash, had taken notes for the balance of S0,000-odd dollars, and with the co-operation of twenty of his associates in the organization had borrowed on the notes of the stockholders $50,000 more from a white bank in Atlanta, Ga., and assured the future of the Standard Life Insurance Com A NEW BUSINESS VENTURE pany by purchasing and depositing with the treasurer of the State of Georgia $100,000 in bonds. He had begun the realization of the dream which he had years ago on a Texas ranch. In the sale of this stock, in the perfection of the organization, there has been no preferred stock, no guaranteed stock, no extravagant promises, no bait of big or immediate dividends, and very little noise made. In organizing the company the stock has been offered to those who wish to buy purely on the merits of the proposition itself. No literature was sent out in the usual promoter's way, no promises were held out of fortunes to be made. It was a plain business proposition, in which was emphasized the first fact that the race needs such an insurance organization and that if it was properly conducted as we propose to conduct this one, that it could and would succeed, and those who bought, bought because of the faith that was in them that the Standard Life Insurance Company had a mission to perform. Certainly no institution had a harder time being born than this organization about which I am writing, and if that fact counts for anything, none deserves more to live. But after its birth, after the bonds were deposited with the State of Georgia and the license to do business in Georgia was issued, we had reached only the beginning of the work. There were rates to be compiled, policy forms to be prepared, a system of accounts to be devised, an agency force to be procured, suitable clerical help to be found, and men who could sell insurance to be located and put to work. We began the first part of this trouble on the rates, policy forms and tables by employing one of the best-known actuaries in America, Mr. George Dyre Eldridge, of New York, who undertook to work out for the company its rates, tables, values and reserves along the lines upon which the old-line white companies were operated, and before any contract of any sort was issued it had the careful scrutiny of the insurance departments of every State in which we applied for admission. All of the Southern States have previously licensed mutual assessment concerns operated by our people. Some of them have taken sufficient notice of Negro insurance to require them along with other companies of their kind to make deposits ranging from $5,000 to $15,000 in bonds. But the application of a Negro company to write insurance requiring a deposit of $100,000 to protect their contracts was something new and unheard of to them. Consequently when our application to do business was made, we were given more than the casual scrutiny which such an application might have received. To-day we are licensed in Georgia, Alabama, Tennessee and Kentucky, with an application pending in Texas and one in Missouri. We have actually begun business and have issued over 1,000 policies, aggregating $500,000 worth of insurance, since we first began to issue policies in the month of June. The white companies have welcomed us into this new field. In our home city of Atlanta their officers and employees have volunteered from time to time their services, and in the beginning, when we were unable to secure many of the things which we needed for immediate use, they have shown their neighborliness and friendliness by volunteering a loan of such of their forms or books as we needed until ours could be delivered from the printer. The insurance journals throughout the country have freely and frankly commented upon the movement. The Southern daily newspapers have given most commendable and helpful editorial utterances in favor of the company. The United States Review, published in Philadelphia, in commenting upon the organization, said: "The new company will fill a field in the insurance world practically unoccupied at the present time, and should meet with complete success." The Atlanta Constitution said editorially a few mornings after we received our license: "Nothing less than an epoch in the material history of the Southern Negro is comprised in the chartering of the Standard Life Insurance Company, composed of representative Negroes throughout the South. Organized with a capital of $100,000, and surplus of $16,000, its promotion expenses total the unusually conservative aggregate of 8 per cent. The financial test of the company's worth is that it qualified for license under the new insurance laws of the State, among the most drastic in America. The launching of this company illustrates what the Negro can do for himself." THE BURDEN THE LYNCHING AT WEWOKA. IT is true that the white people of this town and neighborhood hanged and fired about 100 shots with pistols and all sorts of guns into John Cudjo's body, on the night of the 4th inst, on a telephone pole in front of the courthouse. We had no trouble hearing the guns and screams of white women, a few of whom found they could not stand the ordeal. The wife of the under sheriff, whom John Cudjo had killed the previous Saturday night, asked that Cudjo be not burned; so the barrel of oil and roll of cotton bagging carried over to roll him in were not used, but returned to their owners. It seems that Cudjo had had trouble with a white man in another county of the State over the boundary of their joining lands, the white man having refused to obey the results of the survey they had made. In this State of very elastic laws and customs the white man built the dividing fence to suit his notion, which was over on Cudjo's land, whereupon Cudjo, after several conversations with the white man, killed him with a knife. During the year or more since that lime Cudjo had kept hidden to some extent. Having relatives in this (Seminole) county, he had been hunted here. As he was known to be of the belief that he was in the right and had not been treated fairly, and expected to protect himself, they sent the noted Negro eater and hater, John Dennis, with two other men, down to bring him in. While the several stories I have heard about the affair conflict, it seems that they located the house late in the afternoon, which was five miles south from the town, then waited in the bushes until dark to storm the place. They rushed up, asked to be admitted, but Cudjo refused and defended himself with his pistols to the extent of killing John Dennis and banishing the others until he got out. He was hunted by dogs and hundreds of men till Tuesday, the 4th, midday, when he was overtaken, and in the chase he shot two men and two horses who charged him and they and their reinforcements shot him, we are told, dozens of times. Some reports say he was dead when brought here, others say not. The Negroes here were and are disturbed. While the county judge and several of the lawyers and other "civilized" people were known to be present, the local papers say the members of the mob were unknown. As it will do no good to use my name in dealing with this information, I respectfully ask that it be cancelled. m FROM A COLORED WOMAN IN A SOUTHERN STATE. MY husband and I had planned to go to •*• * Los Angeles, Cal. I have just read your request to write THE CRISIS for advice. For the last seventeen years my husband has been employed at . First, as instructor of blacksmithing; second, as mechanical engineer. This work called for operating an electric plant which furnished light and froze the ice for the school, keeping all the machinery in repair and keeping the water system up. He stayed on duty sixteen and seventeen hours per day. The principal said he was a most valuable man. But his value seemed to decrease as soon as the principal heard that he had spoken too independently to the white board before whom a charge against him was being investigated. One of my husband's white friends told him that the way he talked had more to do with his discharge than the charge against him. The head of my husband's department and the principal of the school were referred to by the board as "Negroes who talked humble." I was never prouder in my life of my husband. I am truly glad that he talked like a man, if he did lose the $1,000 job. He left his work on the 1st instant, and we want to go West. He is an excellent blacksmith, machinist, auto repairer and electrician. I have taught in public schools of this State, having graduated from the State normal course and also holding a certificate in sewing and have a great deal of practice. Both of us are healthy and strong in body and mind. I have chosen Los Angeles, as I have visited there this summer. We will appreciate your advice. W e have several hundred dollars to invest in some kind of business along my husband's line of work. WHAT TO READ FERRIS' VINDICATION.* A TRIBUNE OF THE BLACK PEOPLE.* THE appearance of the two large volumes of "The African Abroad," by William H. Ferris, published by the printers to Yale University, is a peculiar vindication of an unusual personality. Among the thinking classes of colored America Mr. Ferris has long been the object of much discussion and even impatient condemnation. To the "practical" and "business" wing of our race he has been anathema, the awful example of indiscriminate bestowal of higher learning. Personally, Mr. Ferris, with his careless dress, his undecided face, burning eyes and quick and endless speech, was a type that colored people as a whole received with open mouth. Why should a man speculate on the ultimate end of things instead of on victuals ? What was the value of philosophy as compared with shoes? Was not all this ridiculous? Of course the white world has had experience with personal eccentricity and has learned with Rodin that the thinker may sit hungry and naked and yet rule the world. Mr. Ferris is showing something like this again to the world. His book, in style and conception, belongs to an earlier decade. It is diffuse and pedantic. But it has, after all, the saving grace without which nothing is worth while and with which much is for given ; it represents thought and acquaintance with thought. It has breadth and conviction. The first volume of 522 pages is in four parts: A treatise on a philosophy of his tory with curious personal revelation; a second and third part are a sort of psychology of the race problem in America; then comes the fourth part, which is con tinued into the 460 pages of the second volume and is largely historical. The fifth and sixth parts are biographical. A third volume will also be biographical. The work will be criticised as illogical and padded, but it represents much knowledge; it is keen and even brilliant in parts and its very faults have a peculiarly human feeling about them. The book deserves to be in every Negro's library. It will not be read through, but it will be read. THE touching tribute of a daughter to •"• the father who idolized her is here enhanced in value by the fact that Norris Wright Cuney was one of the finest figures which Negro blood has produced in America, and his daughter a leader in the musical development of the race. The volume of 230 pages is at once an intimate personal portrait and a history of the political fortunes of the Negro race from the end of Reconstruction to 1896. The book is invaluable to the student of the Negro problem. It is natural that the author should err on the side of overlenieney toward her father's acts, but perhaps there is less of this than one would expect. This is the kind of book that should be dropped into the path of every colored boy to-day. *Norris Wright Cuney. By Maud Cuney Hare. Introduction by James S. Clarkson. 230 pages. The Crisis Publishing Company. $1.50, postpaid. HAZEL.* "HAZEL" will come as a boon to many a puzzled parent. Everything the colored child sees, hears and reads is about white folk. About herself and her people she hears so little that she forgets them, until bitter prejudice awakens her and leaves her startled, facing an unknown, unrealized world. Deftly and gently Miss Ovington, with a rare feeling for the delicacy of the task, takes the colored child in hand and leads her. She avoids, on one hand, the Scylla of terrifying revelation; on the other hand, the Charybdis of meaningless molasses. The child that reads "Hazel" will read it happily and will ask for more; and beyond that she will begin to think of things she had not noticed or known before, but she will think of it all rationally and calmly, for the color problems involved are such as to arouse curiosity and sympathy rather than passion. We recommend the book to colored children almost as heartily as to white. •The African Abroad. By William H. Ferris, A. M. *Hazel. By Mary White Ovington. Illustrations by Two volumes, 982 pages. Tuttle, Moorehouse &amp; Harry Roseland. Crisis Publishing Company, Taylor Press, 1913. $5; postage, 30 cents. 1913. 162 pages. $1; postage, 8 cents. 148 	THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hall Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Wav ing, Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Morningside 8162 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW	 YORK MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Recommends teachers for schools; secures employment for teachers. Blanks and information furnished free on application. 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.0 0 A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Profit Margin Only From Factory to User Write for prices and other stylesSend for catalogue. C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS, Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern in the United States. WANTED—ONE MAN OR WOMAN IN EVERY locality to start a Candy Kitchen. Best paying small business on earth. Few dollars starts you. Get away from wage slavery. Write for particulars. Native Herbarium Co., Ambler, Pa. TAKHU Has solved the problem once for all. The surest, safest hair grower. Has no equal. Contains no harmful drugs or perfumes. A marvelous combination of ingredients essential to the health and growth of hair. Stops hair from falling, makes it grow long and beautiful, keeps the scalp clean and healthy. Does away with all dandruff. Use Takhu and it will prove to you the absolute truth of every claim we make for it. Send to-day 35 cents for trial bottle, or 60 cents for full size, and be convinced. Do it now before you forget it. WATERS BROTHERS, Sole Manufacturers 97 Wickliffe Street - Newark, N. J. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU. Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you ? By our method you can start with $5 and up. W e offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. • You can make 95 cents profit on every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it to-day—Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. WANTED 500 Negro families (farmers preferred) to settle on FREE Government Lands in Chaves County, New Mexico. Blackdom is a Negro colony. Fertile soil, ideal climate. No "Jim Crow" Laws. For information write JAS. HAROLD COLEMAN Blackdom ----- New Mexico WANTED—Traveler; a beginner; salary, commission and expense money. Liberal offer and agreement. J. E. McBRADY, Chicago, Ill. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalogue upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th and Plum Sts. Cincinnati. Ohio COLORED MEN WANTED TO PREPARE AS SLEEPING-CAR AND TRAIN PORTERS. No experience necessary. Positions pay $65 to $100 "a month. Steady work. New York roads. Passes and uniforms furnished when necessary. Write now. I. RY. C. I., Dept. 19, Indianapolis, Ind. HOMES IN NEW YORK SUBURB Jamaica is one of the largest and most progressive of the many suburbs of New York City. It is only 18 minutes from the big city, with a large number of wealthy residences. Fine 6 and 8-room houses, bath, steam heat, hardwood trim, on 40-foot lots, $3,600; also small farms at small cost. Write for particulars. Winter prices are cheapest. QUEENS REALTY GO. Box 196 JAMAICA, L. I. Mention TH E CRISIS. 149 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Thomas School of Beauty Culture is owned and controlled by a woman who is a college graduate an d a physician as well as a graduate of Burnham's School of Beauty Culture. Madam Mason is giving a correspondence course whic h includes physical culture and hygiene. Every woman needs to be at her best in every walk of life. Personal appearance is a lever which controls her destiny. Aside from her own needs she is afforded an opportunity t o learn a profession that means &amp; dignified, lucrative business which is in great demand. The course covers ten weeks and a diploma is granted. Entire fee for course, $10. Thomas's Magic Hair Grower, a guaranteed money-back article, a medicine that cures dandruff, eczema, bald spots and promotes the natural growth of the hair. Price $1. Thomas's Cream removes blemishes. Price 50 cents. Send six cents for Beauty Book. Agents wanted. Address Mme. Alice H. Thomas-Mason 3328 State Street Chicago, Ill. Telephones: Douglas 9456; Automatic 72172 MILES M. WEBB Chicago's Expert Photographer I specialize in every phase of artistic picture making. Send me your photos for enlargements. Prices reasonable. Satisfaction guaranteed. 'Phone 6688 Douglass. WEB B STUDIO 3519 State Street Chicago, Ill. THE MUSIC SCHOOL SETTLEMENT FOR COLORED PEOPLE of the City of New York hereby announces a MUSICAL PRIZE COMPETITION for $100 on the following terms and conditions: The competitors must be colored people and citizens of the United States. There is no restriction as to the form of the compositions submitted. The compositions submitted must be unpublished manuscripts. Each composition must bear a motto or sign of identification, but not the name of the composer. The manuscript should be accompanied by a sealed envelope containing the name and address of composer. The title of the manuscript, together with the motto or sign, should be on the outside of the envelope. All manuscripts should be sent to the following address on or before the first day of February, 1914: MUSIC SCHOOL COMPETITION 3 EAST 43d ST., NEW YORK The judges will be David Mannes, Kurt Schindler and Rudolph E. Schirmer. If any further information is required, it may be obtained of David I. Martin, Director of the Music School Settlement for Colored People, 257 West 134th Street, New York. The Loyal Knights and Ladies of Malachites is incorporated under the laws of the District of Col umbia. Its object is to combine the Negroes of the world for their mutual advancement along; industrial and commercial lines. It also stands for the full GrandSupreme Governor enjoyment by the Negro of en t is interna tional in its scope; we have lodges not only in the United States but in Jamaica, B. W . I.; Colon, Bocas del Toro, Pan ama (Canal Zone) and Costa Rica. It is a dark day for the Negro and he must come together. Race movements have failed because our peo ple were told that by contributing thereto the race only would be benefited, but no tangible individaal benefits were offered. By our plan the member pays 35c. per month in the Asso ciation and receives $4.00 per week sick ben efits and $100 at death. We not only look after the race but each individual member as well. A big convention is soon to be held here. W e want a lodge in every village, hamlet and town and a delegate to be sent to this conven tion. Organizers wanted everywhere. For full particulars, write This movem KNIGHTS OF MALACHITES 1111 You St. N. W. Washington, D. C. A To Reach 150,000 Intelligent Readers Advertise in THE CRISIS Mention TH E CRISIS. 150 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE CRISIS IS THE OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE T HE CRISIS was started under the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION three years ago after it had called Dr. Du Bois from Atlanta University as Director of Publicity and Research. The NATIONA L ASSOCIATION still publishes T HE CRISIS. T HE CRISIS is its mouthpiece. Through it the ASSOCIATION speaks each month to 150,000 readers. From them it now seeks a reply. You like T HE CRISIS. Why not join the ASSOCIATION which it represents? The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION has nearly 2,000 paying members, 80 per cent, of whom are colored. It wants 200,000. The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION represents YOU. It fights YOUR battles. Are YO U a member? If not, fill out and return this membership blank. MEMBERSHIP BLANK I hereby accept membership in the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. Please find enclosed dollars and enter my name as a member in Class paying $ a year, and send me THE CRISIS. Name Address Class 1. Donors, paying $100 to $500 per Class 3. Contributing Members, paying year. $2 to $10 per year. Class 2. Sustaining Members, paying Class 4. Associate Members, paying $1 $25 per year. per year. The subscription to THE CRISIS is $1 extra, except to members paying $2 or more, who signify their wish that $1 of their dues be considered a CRISIS subscription. All members in good standing have the privilege of attending and voting at the Annual Meeting of the Association. PLEASE MAKE CHECKS PAYABLE TO NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOE THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. 26 VESEY STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY Residence 2546 Michigan Office Phono Bell Phone E-2161 Home 58 Main C. H. CALLOWAY Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public 117 W. 6th Street Kansas City, Mo. Telephones: Central 104-W * { Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS Attorney-at-Law Notary Public 1607 Williamson Building --- Cleveland. O. Office L. D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L. D. Telephono 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis -------- Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Offices: Suite 610, Sykes Block Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL Attorney-at-Law 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 2026 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counselor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street --- Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. Attorney and Counselor-at-Law Notary Public Maloney Block - Youngstown, Ohio William H. Austin Edmund O. Austin Law Offices of AUSTIN &amp; AUSTIN St. Paul Building, 220 Broadway, New York Suite 7—H, I, J, K Telephones: 7400, 5365, 5366 Cortlandt B. F. BOOTH Attorney-at-Law 57 N. Second Street Memphis Tenn. LEGAL DIRECTORY Continued T ] „i,„„ . / Office, Main 9168 Telephones: Residence, Vermont 1150 E. BURTON CERUTI Lawyer 500-501-502 Thorpe Building Corner Broadway and Franklin Streets Residence: 1540 W. 36th Place, Los Angeles, Cal. PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS Surgeon Dentist 188 W. 135th Street ---- New York City Telephone 4885 Morningside DR. D. W. ONLEY Surgeon Dentist S. W. Cor. 133d St. and Lenox Ave., New York Office Hours: 9 to 12 a. m.; 1 to 9 p. m. Sundays by Appointment Telephone Connection R. W. FEARING Electrician Contracting, Repairing, Motors, Electric and Gas Fixtures Electrician recent Emancipation Exposition in New York 85 Marion Street Brooklyn, N. Y. Telephone Columbus 3935 Open All Night RODNEY DADE &amp; BROS. Undertakers and Embalmers Notary Public Funeral Parlor and Chapel Free Licensed Lady Embalmer Prompt Service 266 West 53d Street ---- New York City Between Broadway and 8th Avenue MME. FANNIE BELLE DE KNIGHT Dramatic and Dialect Reader. Engagements solicited. Students given special training in the Delsarte Method. Instruction also given in Dialect, English Grammar and Rhetoric- Terms Reasonable. Telephone Morningside 9045 Studio: 231 W. 134th St. New York City ARCHITECTS TANDY &amp; FOSTER Architects 1931 Broadway New York Telephone 5368 Columbus H. HENRY HARRIS Architect Corner 8th and Princess Streets Wilmington ------ N. C. WILLIAM L. BELL Architect 138 1/2 Auburn Avenue -- Atlanta, Ga. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER $60 A WEEK and EXPENSES That's the money you can get this year. I mean it. I want County Sales Managers quick, men or women who believe in the square deal, who will go into partnership with me. No capital or experience needed. My folding Bath Tub has taken the country by storm. Solves the bathing problem. No plumbing, no water works required. Full length bath in any room. Folds in small roll, handy as an umbrella. I tell you it's great ! GREAT ! Rivals $100 bath room. Now listen! I want YOU to handle your county. I'll furnish demonstrating tub free. I'm positive—absolutely certain—you can get bigger money in a week with me than you ever made in a month before—I KNOW IT ! TW O SALES A DAY $300 A MONTH That's what you get—every month. Needed in every home, badly wanted, eagerly bought. Modern bathing facilities for all the people. Take the orders right and left. Quick sales immense profits. Look at these men. Kunkle, Ohio, received $240 first week; Mathias Florida $120 in two days; Corrigan, New York, $114 in 60 hours; Newton, California, $60 in three days. You can do as well. TWO SALES A DAY MEANS $300 A MONTH. The work is very easy, pleasant, permanent, fascinating. It means a business of your own. I grant credit, furnish sample, help you out, back you up— YOU! don't doubt, don't hesitate, don't hold back. You cannot lose. My other men are building homes, bank accounts, so can you. Act. then, quick. SEND NO MONEY. Just name on penny post card for free tub offer. Hustle! YES.Y0U CAN GET IT DEMONSTRATING H. S. ROBINSON TUB FREE PRESIDENT 190 Vance St., Toledo, O. Canadian Address: Walkerville, Ont., Canada. Homes in Long Island! Few people realize the wonderful possibilities of Long Island property, the rapid growth of that section of the city and its wonderful future. W E ARE SELLING GOOD HOMES IN CORONA, with all improvements, only five cents carfare to New York. Corona is in the very center of Greater New York, and in a few months will be reached by the rapid transit lines of Manhattan, giving to the people of that section of the city a five-cent carfare to any section of Manhattan. The only place within thirty minutes of Times Square, Grand Central Station or the Pennsylvania Station, where the man of small means can get a modern home with all improvements at a moderate cost. W e would be glad to have you visit Corona at our expense. Corona is one of the highest elevations in New York City, has an excellent car service, good schools, excellent water supply and the best place in all New York for children. For full particulars as to price and terms address L. S. REED &amp; COMPANY 142 Hunter Avenue -------- Long Island City Some choice investment lots for $50 on reasonable terms Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE MEN who can sell real estate can MAKE MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there arc opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217 Flynn-Ames Bldg. Muskogee, Okla. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling ''History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War " combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street New York START RIGHT-GET A Vacuum Clothes Washer THE UTILITIES MAKE Patented August, 1909. No. 930,733 This washer sells for $3.50. It SAVES time, money and labor. Washing better done with one-tenth the labor formerly expended. The machine is cheap and simple of operation. A real money-maker. Agents wanted. Write us. Special offer: For thirty days with each paid order for this washer we will give one year's paid-up subscription to THE CRISIS. Address: GEORGE YOUNG 135 West 135th Street --- New York City Highly artistic post cards of Negro subjects in colors. Large assortment. W e have added Washington, Du Bois, Dunbar, Douglass, George Walker, Aida Overton Walker. W e are getting out new calendars of Negro subjects. Send us your order now for 1915 calendars. W e have cards for every holiday in the year. Samples of all post cards sent for 15 cents, postpaid. Agents, retailer, send for terms. J. GRIFFITH ART GO. 36-38 Beekman St. N. Y . City Was Jesus a Negro with Woolly Hair? Webb's books and pictures prove it and show it by the Bible, A picture, 12x18, of Jesus with woolly hair, and His Holy Angels at His second coming, and a book with Biblical references, extending from Genesis to Revelations, proving the fact. All for $1.50 and postage prepaid. The book alone James Webb is worth its price. The following are comments upon the same: "I beg to say, after hearing Elder Webb on the subject, that the blood of the Negro coursed through the veins of Jesus and Solomon. I am frank to say that_ I have seldom, if ever, enjoyed such an intellectual treat. The position he assumed as the subject of his lecture touching the Hametic blood and race is difficult and requires a practical knowledge of Biblical and historical lore. But I am pleased to say that he not only shows himself an expert, but the master of the situation, and I commend him to the ministry and churches of our race of every denomination." Truly, (Signed) Bishop H. M. TURNER. "The evidence submitted by Elder Webb tending to prove that the Saviour of mankind was a black man seems to be sufficient to put those who oppose the proposition upon their proof. Now that the chain of evidence presented by Mr. Webb appears so complete. It is strange that none of the delvers in the Biblical records have not advanced the sensational proposition before. Not only was Christ a Negro, but it seems that Solomon, who has been held up through all the ages as the personification of wisdom, had Ethiopian blood in his veins, also."—Seattle "Dally Times." Price $1.50 for picture and book. Send money order or express order to James M. Webb, 3519 State Street, Chicago, Ill., in the care of the Webb Studio. WANTED Agents for T HE CRISIS. Dignified work Address: 26 Vesey Street, New York Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The Final Word in Typewriter Efficiency Was Written by the Underwood When, operated by Margaret B. Owen, World's Champion Typist, at the unprecedented rate of 125 net words a minute for one hour, it won for the eighth consecutive year possession of the Thousand Dollar Silver Trophy Gup Underwood "The Machine You Will Eventually Buy" OUR REGENT PUBLICATIONS HAZEL. By Mary White Ovington. $1.00 net. By mail $1.08. NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. By Maud Cuney Hare. $1.50, including postage. THE CRISIS PUBLISHING COMPANY 26 Vesey Street -- New York City Mention TH E CRISIS. The African Abroad or His Evolution in Western Civilization By WILLIAM H. FERRIS, A. M. Two volumes of 500 pages each, illustrated. $5 a set, plus 30c. postage. Published by the Tuttle, Morehouse &amp; Taylor Co., New Haven, Conn. PRESS COMMENTS FROM THE "SCHOOL JOURNAL," OCTOBER, 1913 "There come occasionally from the press, books of weight and moment, works of research and investigation or of wide reading and of clear thought, treatises from which the world of culture never recovers. Such is 'The African Abroad,' distinctly radical in its treatment, distinctly revolutionary in its result, and altogether true as a whole in content and in expression. The Afro-American must put on the spiritual clothing of the Anglo-American, must live his institutional life, must think and feel accordingly. From Africa came every Afro-European race. The Ethiopians and the Negroes are descendants of the same stock as the Latins and Teutons, a proposition beyond censure and cavil. As one reads these great pages of a faithful investigator and witness one must regret that the author in common decency could not include among colored Americans thousands as have 'crossed the line and come white.' Yet enough persons remain to prove indisputably that the black Negro and the colored man are essentially human, needing only education and opportunity to live upon the same level as white men. This is not to say one word in favor of social equality in marriage. In truth the whole weight of this monumental work rests upon the side of the scale whereon are written these words: 'The colored man, as such, remaining true to whatever amalgamation he now represents, can become equal sharer with the white man in American liberty.' Such a book tends to develop in Afro-Americans that self-respect which is essential to human worth. The author reveals a charming style and an interesting personality. This admirable work of race historical philosophy is of epochal importance and belongs in every library of scholarship anywhere in the world." FROM THE NEW BEDFORD "STANDARD," SEPTEMBER 30, 1913 "Six thousand years of history as related to the Negro race and the summing up of his careers of a thousand exceptional men of color in many countries of Europe, in Africa, and the West Indies, is a plain prosaic statement of the scope of William H. Ferris's two-volume book on 'The African Abroad, or His Evolution in Western Civilization, Tracing His Develop ment Under Caucasian Milieu.' If this title, formal and scholarly, suggests a scholarly treatment of the subject, really profound and tremendously in earnest, it suggests truly, for it is a deep and precise study in all the aspects of importance of the subject. But if the formal title suggests any thought of dry reading, there begins the mistake, for Mr. Ferris's book is as interesting as romance and as stirring as the most appealing piece of history ever written. "Mr . Ferris is preeminently fitted for his task. He is recognized by scholars and statesmen as a man of unusual intellectual ability measured by standards of scholarship and not by race or color. He has taken degrees at Yale and Harvard; and he has since then gained the knowledge and experience that have come from travel through twenty States and sojourning in over two hundred cities and towns, looking into the Negro question as it pre sents itself as a live problem to-day, and from study of the literature of the world on the subject of the Negro back to its beginning." FROM THE SPRINGFIELD "REPUBLICAN," OCTOBER 1, 1913 "And now we have at New Haven a philosophical writer who has profited by a good university education, and publishes two volumes of mixed- speculation—history and biography— extending in its scope from the councils of the Absolute before worlds existed, and thereafter from the undifferentiated star-dust through differentiated worlds, down not only to our modern days, but beyond; by an excursion into the future we contemplate the burning out of the sun, and the consequent starvation of the whole solar system. * * * " * * * In this world's affairs, Mr. Ferris has good testimonials as to his competence for writing the story of his race. * * * " * * * In history he is well read and pacific; he admires T. R.. but. not excessively; and he states his case in history very forcibly. A few Haws can he found by searching, but hardly more than any book in two volumes can show. There is to be a third volume, in which the never-ending subject is to be temporarily concluded. * * * " * * * The important thing with the Negro, as with other men. is his religion. On that p° in t Mr. Ferris has much to say, and says it well; but perhaps with too little reference to the modifying American religion of the colored race here. * * * " * * * It will be seen that Mr. Ferris writes easily and fluently. He quotes freely but without much system in his citations; has read immensely and thought sufficiently; flatters in his biographies and brief notices; and when his work is completed and indexed, it will be of great value." Address orders to W. H. FERRIS, 92 Eaton Street, New Haven, Conn., U. S. A. or to the TUTTLE, MOREHOUSE &amp; TAYLOR CO., New Haven, Conn. Mention TH E CRISIS. The Artof Printing AS EXEMPLIFIED IN OUR WORK EMBODIES THE FOL LOWING POINTS OF MERIT: (a) Neat 1. Stationery (b) Attractive (c) Quality (a) Polite 2. Form (b) Business (c) Social (a) Artistic 3. Workmanship (b) Correct (c) Prompt W e Print TH E CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving Telephone: Lenox 6667 NE W YOR K 202 EAST 99th STREET Provident Hospital and Training School for Colored Nurses Aim: To keep its technic equal to the best Founded 1891 The first training school for colored nurses in this country, Freedman's excepted. Comprises a training school for nurses, hospital, dispensary, and thoroughly equipped children's department; when funds are ample, postgraduate work may be undertaken. The hospital is open to all. The races co-operate in the board of trustees, in the medical staff and in administration; the institution is the only one of its kind in which a colored man may act as interne. Cost of buildings and equipment, $100,000; free from debt. Endowment, $50,000, contributed mostly by wills made by colored men. Additional endowment needed, $60,000. The nurses'., course- covers- three years; training -and .instruction given by both races, according to the highest modern standards. 36th and Dearborn Sts., Chicago, III. Mention TH E CRISIS.