The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 12.—Vol. II. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 1st, 1915. Sixpence. Editor: harriet shaw weaver. Assistant Editor: richard aldington. CONTENTS. Contributing Editor: dora marsden, b.a. page Views and Comments....... 18j extracts from the letters of a prisoner of war.. 185 Latin Poems of the Renaissance.   Translated by Richard Aldington......... 186 Notes on Modern German Poetry.   By Alec w. G. Randall 187 Poems.......... 188 La Lettre.   By André Lafon... Passing Paris ...... Et J'ai Voulu la Paix.   Par André Spire. The Verses of Visiak.   By Ernest Marriott  Albert Aurier.   By Roald Kristian  Dramocracy.   By Huntly Carter. Correspondence .... page 188 189 190 191 191 192 194 VIEWS AND COMMENTS IT cannot be denied that Bergson has earned the misfortune of popularity. Quite often this philo-sopher fails to understand himself: an unhappy fact which results in the perpetuation of blurred passages through which he has painfully to mumble his way into the open, and it is these special passages which have won for him the discipleship of those innumerable persons who, loving a " mystery," are moved to admiration only by what they do not understand. That he has become a popular institution with function that of intellectual make-weight for popular lecturers who lecture on subjects they do not understand, and that he commands a popularity which extends to the mutual improvement societies and the pleasant Sunday afternoons cannot be regarded as an unmerited fate; and it lies in the inevitable nature of things that when Mrs. Webb lectures on "Rebellion " she shall quote Bergson and quote, of course, those popular Bergsonian blurs relating to a supposed contrast between Intellect and Emotion. Mrs. Webb has lectured on " Rebellion " and, of course, did quote Bergson, just so. Mrs. Webb thinks that rebellion is deplorable because it attempts to foist the will of a minority on the majority, and that those who are rebels and who also " believe in violence " prefer Emotion to Intellect— as per the Bergsonian influence. And so shocked indeed by her conclusions on the subject is this lady that she issues a " Confession of Faith " for the religious organs to publish, wherein she declares that henceforth for herself she is all for " Service " and " Kindness." * * * * To be described as of those who " believe in violence " takes one at a disadvantage of the kind which the questioner contrives who asks, " When did you leave off beating your grandmother ?" It is the phrase itself which is inadmissible. Strictly, it is nonsensical to speak of " believing in violence." " To believe " has meaning only in relation to, at least, two conjectures, both of them falling short of absolute knowledge. We cannot " believe in " an isolated phenomenon or fact. We do not " believe in " eggs though we can believe in one of two conjectures relating to their freshness. The acceptance of a " belief " is an acquiescence in the foreclosing of the " knowing-process " and an adherence to one probability to the exclusion of the other. A belief is a gamble in probabilities, and in affirming one, one takes risks on grounds as unsure as those upon which prior to a race one is inspired to back a horse. The gamble is dominated by preference: which preference is compounded of various oddments of chance observation, interest, and prejudice. In solemn places, however, and on solemn occasions " preference " is paraphrased as " principle," and when we refer to our a priori principles we intend to be very impressive indeed, disavowing all participation in things so frivolous as a gamble. Hence when a Prime Minister declares on one day that he has no a priori principles in regard to a measure, and on the next indiscretely allows a colleague speaking on his behalf to assert that he " hates the notion " of the same, one can only remind oneself that the exquisitest subtleties of subtle speech are impotent to aid unless one also possesses a mind to match. *      *      * * By abandoning as nonsensical phrases such as " believing and disbelieving in violence " we rid ourselves of all " principles " about the use of violence and have only to consider what sort of considerations give rise to the repugnance for its use which most intelligent people have. As the terms upon which all life is carried on are terms of violence, and a thorough-going distaste for violence would amount accordingly to a distaste for the activities which we call life, such repugnance is far from being absolute. The people who " hate violence " merely mean that they " like " violence only within certain limits, and violence being a display of force against bodies, animate as well as inanimate, which for the satisfaction of our desires require to be moulded, removed, or obliterated, the " hate " itself is mainly child of the caution born of the normal " discipline of consequences." In civilized communities, however, this ingrained caution is reinforced by an almost age-long desuetude. The increasingly vicarious performance of the community's necessary violence has limited " domestic " violence, for instance, to a warfare waged in the name of sanitation against Lilliputian orders only: a warfare which by some mental adroitness is not accounted violence; and though we still daringly set snares for flies and even for more imposing " vermin," that tracking down of quarry which the provisioning of food formerly made individually necessary and which kept alive our familiarity with bloodshedding, is now " performed " in the discrete remotenesses of a slaughter-house. Officials—remote and discrete also—" deal with " our assailants and despoilers, and the diminishing criminal is segregated, done away with or subdued to orderliness as his case warrants; while our wars have been waged mainly in the far ends of the earth. By virtue of a veiled yet ever-present threat and imminence of violence, conditions of orderliness and peace have held through long periods, and have been of a character so complete as to encourage doctrinarians in unwarranted generalizations from which they proceed to theories and dreams of a peace absolute and universal, unsustained by the coercing violence which is peace's present cause and guarantee. **** But " principles " and unfamiliarity apart: common sense, prudence, and justifiable fear see in violent means instruments too drastic to be used other than sparingly. In breaking its way through to a desired end, violence breaks too many things which ordinarily one prefers to keep whole, and its harsh undesired by-effects are weighed against its quite problematic chances of arriving at the one desired. Its use is extravagant and makes too much depend on a single throw, and the odds are mainly against the success of that throw. It evokes retaliatory violence, and those whom it flouts are incomparably better-equipped for a successful display of it. Therefore, while there is nothing in the character of the phenomena themselves to differentiate adversely or favourably between Submission and Passive Rebellion, or between Rebellion Passive and Rebellion Violent, for prudence and common sense the possession or lack of means adequate to command Success speaks with a more authoritative sound than could any transcendental decree; and it is accordingly not without reason, nor yet only with a mystical one, that of all classes of the people the least prone to rebellion are—the Poor. Obviously the maximum of discretion is demanded by the precariousness of their position, and caution is bred into their instincts. They already know too well the meaning of hardship to be anxious to draw upon themselves the wrath of their betters. Under the protection of numbers they may allow themselves some trifling horse-play, and under the fear of extinction or the goad of overwhelming physical suffering they will even rebel as in the early stages of the French Revolution. But for the rest, though the poor may find themselves embroiled in, they will never initiate revolt, and while rebellions are fairly common, insurrections are exceedingly rare. *      *      * * The temper native to rebellion is the aristocratic temper: tyrannical and luxury-loving, which has learnt to enjoy the flavour of displayed power: hence its air of unfamiliarness in the ranks of the poor.   The poor are of all the people the least tyrannical: that is their misfortune and the cause of their unhappy fate. The better-grade temper which is indigenous to the poor is the bourgeois one of thrift.   Not the temper of rebels of Mr. Lapworth's Daily Herald days, nor of the South Wales miners of the day before yesterday, but that of the Labour Party—Lib. Lab. for preference—is what they comprehend and most readily appreciate.   It is the temper which arduously garners up its substance and swallows indignities with meekness fortified by the thought that at a future day its children may not need to swallow quite so many, while for themselves the submergence-level recedes farther and farther away. While the rebel temper looks ahead to what with luck and a full expenditure of strength it may become, the bourgeois for comfort prefers to look back to its distressful origins, finding cause for thankfulness in that by its dull industry it has much improved on those. That the spirit of rebellion—what though almost abjectly nonviolent—should have been so rife among the " workers " just prior to the war, and that the utmost audaciousness should have been displayed in keeping interest fixed on ends which were not matters of life and death to them, and that all " higher " exhortations as to what was " Good " and " Right " and " Kind " should have fallen on deaf ears was due to the presence of spirits which though among them were not of them: spirits which sought to breathe into them the temper of aristocracy: and to excite a desire for a wider and stronger tyranny. The slightly nervous yet involuntary response which these spirits evoked is significant of the homage a lower order of life pays to a higher. *      *      * * It is because the poor are on the whole the poor in will: the least capable of tyranny: that the efforts of all " agitators " are set towards inoculating them more and more with that aristocratic spirit which finds its honour in maintaining its tyrannical privileges and powers.   In illustration we can note the recent development of a politico-industrial theory called Guild-Socialism.   The theory is, in part, the natural development of Trade Unionism, and, in part, the outcome of a picturesque-loving adulation of " Ye Good Olde Times" which we owe to the efforts of the Chesterton-Belloc group.   In substance, the theory promotes the transforming of Unions into Guilds; which Guilds, by compacts made with the politicians, are to obtain State-guaranteed monopolies over the right of access to the means of creating wealth in the shape of all the commodities of labour.   Monopolies, of course, being meaningless unless their holders are supported in their privileges by the exclusion of others from the enjoyment of them, this proposed system whose intent it is to make the good fortune of Guildics through a heightening of prices by means of an " artificial " limitation of available labour, must have in mind a body of workers which it intends to exclude.   The agitation otherwise would be devoid of point or meaning.   That it is not pointless but quite meaningful in the vital tyrannical sense is shown by the promoters' proposals to squeeze out— at least—women.   Its sponsors stand heatedly for the exclusion from industry of women.   So much for the " spirit " of Guilds.   It is not, however, to be imagined that in thus indicating the tyrannical character of Guilds we depreciate them therefor.   On the contrary, the designation is wholly of the nature of compliment, and inasmuch as it is the effort of a class not strongly inclined to tyranny and is their mounting effort towards the achievement of one, we can greet the proposals with a hearty, " More power to your tyranny."   But inasmuch as it seeks to baulk the aspirations of a group in which one has even more interest, and which is even further from " arriving," one joins more loudly still in the cry of " Death to all Tyrants "—particularly to Guild-Socialists. Mrs. Webb declares that the badness and weakness of rebellion lie in the fact that rebels seek to impose the will of a minority upon the majority: that they are would-be tyrants. To accuse them of drawing breath as an iniquity would be quite as damaging. Rebels are tyrants and set on being greater tyrants—but so are we all to the extent that our powers make possible. All life is the expression of attempted tyrannies: of " minorities seeking to impose their will upon the majority." The determination to expand into the fulfilment of one's individual desires is the positive characteristic of all life, note being taking of other, and possibly gainsaying determinations, only to acquaint oneself with the forces to be dominated and the gainest method of dominating them. Whether this method remains the subtler one of blandishment and threat: remains, that is, the verbal, spiritual method to which the term " intellectual " is unwarrantedly limited, or whether it proceeds to the more drastic methods of violence, is a detail which considerations of expediency decide. But that the universe " arranges itself " in a system of tyrannies, greater and less, there can be no doubt. The governing " will of the majority " is a popular myth. Since there exist a few with stronger wills, there must necessarily be a majority of people with weaker wills, but it certainly is not the will of this majority which prevails. Always and inevitably it is the strong few, who, by assuming the initiative, acquire the lead and dictate the lines into which social arrangements fall, so creating "conditions" which the majority accept and in whose permanence they acquiesce. It is precisely this power to dictate the main lines of a society which constitutes government. Initiative thus ensures governing powers, and initiative expresses itself in terms of intensity not extensity. Hence while " majority rule " is psychologically a myth, " minority rule "—by virtue of intensity—is the most salient feature of communal life: let it be human or subhuman. The human tyranny over the vast subhuman majority in itself furnishes the instance; among human societies the dominance of the " Great Powers " provides another; the internal constitution of each " Power " with its rulers, governments and subjects is another: and so on through each grade of society. In direct proportion to the degree in which units and groups are vitalized they are tyrannical, and their tyranny has the acquiescence of the majority, i.e. the vast number who are less capable of tyranny but who are manifestly impressed by it. Nothing is so impressive as success, and success is the grafting of the will of the minority on the majority. The small crowd which barks on the heels of the successful is not therefore composed of the Mass but of groups or units which have been endeavouring to do the same, and whose ambitions, for the time being, are baulked by the success of rivals. The Mass acquiesce; could they, they would do as much themselves; being unable they applaud the one who can, particularly if his success is so complete as to place him very high above them where comparison between his power and theirs becomes little likely. The people can derive a sense of exhilaration from the spectacle of the One pitting himself against the World—let it be Athanasius, Alexander, Cromwell, or Napoleon—always provided he stands a chance of succeeding. They adore such a display of supreme power even when their own status is affected by it. And not only in the willing loyalty paid to Kings and rulers in every civilized state is witness borne to their acquiescence; the people's proneness to apotheosis, which has filled an extensive gallery full of Gods, shows that such acquiescence in dominant single-handed tyranny is far from being exhausted by the liberal demands made upon it in a tyrant-inspired world; but that it can, of its own impetus, rise to heights of adoration and revel in displaying adoration's complementary emotion of submission. **** The majority's acquiescence in the sway of a strong and established governing minority explains the worldwide adhesion to the notion of " Right."   Rights are the terms which such tyrannies make with their subjects, and the terms of Right become void deprived of the subject's acquiescence.   They shrivel to the value of " scraps of paper " if challenged, and a new Right must await the emergence from the trial by combat of the reaffirmed tyrant; which explains why a State which fails to bear in mind that its stable-static-character is not inherent but merely permissive:  permanent only in default of an adequate challenge, is a prey asking to be despoiled.   The long cycle of great States shows that the term of each lies in wait for it every moment. Syria, Persia, Greece, Rome, Carthage, Spain, received in their turn the challenge, even as England receives hers to-day.   Whether the innings be long or short, ultimately the would-be successor:  the usurper and rebel: is to be found hammering at the gates, and no matter what advantages a particular civilization offers in the way of established order, stability of status, comfort and peace, thereby winning the acquiescence of the majority, it never fails of those ready to honeycomb its foundations.   Just because men admire tyrants and approve of the orderliness and impressiveness of their works they emulate them, and aspire to be tyrants on their own account.   It is in emulation of tyrannies not in despisal of them that the slogan " Death to all tyrants " has been framed.   So strong is this admiration that not even the vested interests, the inertia of the majority, the love of peace and the involuntary tribute paid to power outvie for long the romance of power-proving, and the fascinations of " climbing " with those who are bitten by it.   With every institution in an established order militating against it, the spirit of revolt issues forth as the new life of spring follows the maturity of autumn.   It is the expression of the perennial living spirit expanding into its new form.   Rebellions will never fail to appear, though they may, like the early shoots killed by the frost, fail to succeed. Rebels bring life, youth, and the joy of new things with them. Their impetus they find in themselves and a relish for the business of rebellion is their true hall-mark. Rebels are well-fed people; at least, they are people who have come to regard certain luxuries as prime necessities, and it is among the luxuries—life's laughter, roses and wine— that rebellion must be placed.   Those who having taken part in rebellion are yet unable to say that they have been paid in sheer pleasure for any suffering it has entailed can only solace themselves with the sad comfort that they have been " done ": led away by evil communications:   evil to them.   A melancholy rebel, a sanctimonious, tearful or pious rebel, is either a hypocrite and masquerader or he is an unfortunate, who has been swept by a strong current into channels for which his native tendencies have failed to equip him.   All true rebels plan their tyrannies joyfully. * *      * * The reasons why rebellions fail therefore is not because rebels seek to impose the will of a minority on the majority: it is because they bring themselves into conflict with a powerful and already established minority; and to be established furnishes nine parts to success. Not only is the established power master of the main instruments of coercion, but, because it is the creator of contemporary " Right," it has the favour of the order-loving Masses and of Public Opinion. Most rebellions fail because they lack spirit. Spirit moves all things, but to do so it has to take on various forms. It is far better expressed in offensive weapons than in stirring renderings of the " Red Flag " or in some rousing speech from a rebel in the dock; and rebels who throw themselves into frays for which they have not adequately prepared and of which they have not foreseen the main consequences are showing not spirit but the lack of it. Intelligence is the most elaborated form of spirit, and the spectacle of unarmed strikers rushing into the open in provocation of the armed forces acting against them, as recently in South Africa, or of Dublin dockers facing repressive forces fortified only by empty hands and as empty stomachs, argues a lack of intelligence. It is a sign of intelligence to evoke a manifestation of violence against oneself only when one has adequate means of retaliating with effect. **** The leaders of the one supremely successful rebellion in English history—the Puritan—were said to possess " Heads to conceive, tongues to persuade, and hands to execute any mischief." Certain of our modern " home " rebels have failed because they had " head " enough to conceive the goal but not enough to conceive the route and the means of arriving thither. The Ulster rebels, however, like those inspired by De Wet or the Kaiser Wilhelm II, are separated from the " holiday rebels "—the women and the strikers—in that they understood that rebellion is nothing if not a challenge to a comparison of forces, and that unless the armed forces of rebels compare sufficiently well with that of their opponents to promise a sporting chance of success it is folly to attempt it. And undoubtedly the Ulster plotters were—like the Parliamentarians formerly—supported by a prospect of defection in the retaliating armed forces themselves. However, events most mercifully spared Sir E. Carson the verdict of success or failure by which he would have become a national Saviour or a type of folly: just as Cromwell—regarded now as of the greatest of Kings and men—would, had he failed, have become a legendary figure of iniquity corresponding perhaps to a Guy Fawkes. Compared with the workers who are badgered miserably from pillar to post by armed forces the women even were on sure ground. It was not wholly unreasonable in them to calculate success for a policy of bounce worked off the frankly existent basis of sentiment that women are to be dealt with gently: particularly those of gentle birth, of whom the promoters wisely took the precaution of obtaining a fair few. With the result that they travelled far along the paths of violence with relatively very small damage to themselves. *      *      * * Hence the task for rebels is not to purge their souls free of all tyrannical intent but to find means of translating their prospective tyrannies into established fact. Their problem is how to come by power, and is to be solved—as far as words can help towards a solution—by preaching the gospel of Kings to the Meek. To preach the gospel of the Meek to Kings is idle: that gospel was devised specifically for the weak by Kings to keep them Kings; while never will those possessing power resist the opportunity of exercising it when they can, any more than a plant will resist expansion under the rays of the sun. Nor will the gospel of kindness solve the riddle. Kindness itself has to be understood. Kindness means sympathy with one's own kind. But the powerful and the weak are not of the same kind: kindness in the powerful means hostility to the spirit of those who are alien to their kind: to the Meek. It is the poor who are kindest to the poor, and it is to be observed how gently Kings are disposed to deal with the persons of Kings. Sympathy and kindness are found among comparative equals, and if this kindness does not exclude all harshness that merely goes to prove that human nature is not wholly affronted by harshness. Therefore, the possibility of a broad freedom: which means an ever larger proportion of individuals possessed of actual power: turns upon the possibility of endowing an even larger number with more adequate powers of aggression and defence. The question how to rescue nations—men in their millions—from being pawns in the hands of a small group of world-governors is agitating men's minds at this time as never before, and has given birth to groups of " thinkers " of varying persuasions: Pacifists, War-abolitionists: World-Federations and the like. But the only solution which does not, in its very statement, involve contradiction, is that of " Devolution of Armaments." Such a solution would not ensure peace but it would come as near to ensuring it as the combined counsels of a community could obtain, that is, as near to peace as a Democracy which is actual and not merely verbal, countenances. The propaganda of " substantial " democracy, i.e. a democracy which desires Power rather than the flattering imputation of it, would seek to achieve the accoutring of the people with armaments: such armaments to be obtained, maintained and owned by the individuals themselves, and their possession would be recognized as the guarantee as well as the insignia of powerfulness. The Masses would indeed become freemen: men possessing power. This obvious and simple solution would adequately meet the greater difficulties, international and intranational. The fear of the anti-conscriptionist, for instance, is that the armed worker: alienly armed by the " Authorities ": will be set to coerce his unarmed fellow-worker. Such fear has bearing only because of the existing unarmed condition of workers: a condition under which the coercing force itself is invested with arms only for the specific moment and purpose. It is in view of this undignified and unworthy condition of the people that the old civilian fear of a standing army had point. An armed force living alongside an unarmed one is in the relation of the true King of the Forest to such meek and civilized lions as have allowed their claws to be clipped and their fangs drawn, and have been fitted with bit and bridle. It stands in the relation of butcher to lamb: veritably that of governor towards governed. Viewed from the long point of view, measures such as conscription amount only to the fitting in of an artificial set of fangs which the uneasy victims jangle together for an uncomfortable moment, waiting restively for the time when they will be snatched out and taken from them, to be jealously stored for future use. *      *      * * It is for the people to realize that means on which Kings put such value, cannot be without value for themselves. The established minorities which govern the world have intelligence enough to know what creates and preserves paramountcies, and have taken the measures needful. They have cut the claws of their subjects at home not out of any misprisal of the value of claws but out of the fullest apprehension of their value; and they cut them not to discard them but to establish a monopoly in them: which monopoly is the basis of all their relations with neighbouring powers. Robbed of their monopoly in armaments rulers are robbed of their thunder. The way to render diplomacy " open " and to transmute it into a straightforward tale of plans and purposes is not to pass futile measures demanding " open diplomacy " but to get the power which is behind all diplomacy into the hands of the people. With the instruments of execution in the hands of the people, the eloquence of kings and governors must needs be diverted from the befoozling of their neighbours towards the persuasion and enlightening of their own peoples. Of which fact governors are well enough aware and have intelligence not only to provide against it but to evolve a remarkable " culture " for the people which preaches to them the " strength of weakness." The peoples of the nations are subject because they are weak, and to keep them weak they are soaked: bred and reared in foolishness. Verily to those that have shall be given and from those that have not shall be taken away that which they have. The gospel for the people is that status and destiny follow in the wake of the power to attack and defend, and is written plainly in every workshop, every slum and every prison, and on all the battle-plains of the earth. Those who possess it greatly rule the earth. Those who possess it little or not at all become fuel to feed flames set glowing for the great ones' amusement. If the people do not wish to be used as fuel they must win and maintain the power which automatically will ensure their being used differently. If they want freedom they have to acquire it. Power is freedom and power is hard to get and it is onerous to uphold. If there is ambiguity about verbal freedom there is none about genuine power. It is the intelligence which provides itself adequately for attack and defence, and so is inevitably the criterion of status. There is nothing new in such a theory. Denial of the right to carry arms: which in less equivocal terms means recognition of inability to retain arms: is quite the normal condition of serfs, prisoners and people who stand in the position of defeat generally. That it is the strength of one's condition which established status and not the passing of Acts of Parliament cannot be too much insisted upon. Much use is being made just now of statements to the effect that the " workers " have been degraded from the status of " free labourers " to that of serfs by the passing of the Munitions Act. But it is not the Act which makes them into serfs: the Act merely proves that—save for politeness—they were potentially already serfs. Words effect little and proclamations are but a breath. What actually gives the Act its meaning is the co-existence of two quite old-established facts: that the government have armaments with which to back their proclamations, while the workers lack the armaments wherewith to resist them. When either of these factors change such an Act must fail. Its action was for instance abortive in South Wales: a result due not so much to any change in the second factor as to a reluctance on the part of the government, owing to very special circumstances, to make the significance of the first too evident. D. M. EXTRACTS FROM THE LETTERS OF A PRISONER OF WAR Lankwitz Str. 5.   Berlin.   Oct. 1914. " By means of Mr. V- your letter has reached me. I was overjoyed to get it. It is, as you can well believe terribly lonely and tiresome here. Both Schönberg and Her worth Waiden are very good to me, and I am making much progress with my musical studies." Ruhleben.   Baracke  10.   Box  12. Sonntag,  Nov. 8, 1914. " You see we are now interned. Mr. D- is here but in another barrack." December 24, 1914. " There is nothing here worth writing about, but I have, curiously enough, met here Bainton and Treharne who has been following my work and in whom I have felt an interest for some time, though I have never before met him.   Also he knows C-and M-and S-so we have mutual memories. Bainton knows Stanislawsky who has just done some new conceptions for Olga Merechowsky. With Clarke we form a small modernist coterie. But this separation is accursed and mentally this place is stagnation. Tomorrow is a festival but I cannot mock you with festival wishes." January 1, 1915. " May the New Year end better than it begins !. .. Did I tell you that Benjamin Dale, the friend of York Bo wen, is here also? His work is very good. He was en route to Bayreuth with Bainton when war broke out." January 22, 1915. "The cigarettes, chocolates, etc. have arrived and are more than welcome. All food here beyond the ordinary camp food is very dear. Will you send me the following books. ... I must try to settle to work. Time passes so heavily here. Can you also send copies of The Egoist ? January 26, 1915. "I have had to stay in bed two days owing to severe chill. The men have been awfully good. Clarke carried my portion of coffee in the morning, soup at midday and coffee or cocoa in the evening, to save me from marching through the snow from the barracks to the kitchen. February 1, 1915. " Another month commenced! One seems to have been here for centuries. Please write at least once a week. Letters mean so much. I think much of our garden in England and the sunlight in Italy and all their myriad associations. You will understand how I wish peace to come." February 14, 1915. " The parcels arrive more regularly now. Please send as many books as possible.. .. I am learning Russian to pass the time." March 6, 1915. " We are now permitted two letters per month in addition to the postcards, so I avail myself immediately. ... I am glad you hear from D-a* and that his company is obtaining mention in the newspapers. I am also pleased to hear that his Uncle Sam has done something for him. I only hope that the good old man does not take too much for granted... I often hear from Waiden, who has been most kind, and from Marinetti, who sends the sympathy and encouragement of all the Futurists. Pratella has sent a complete synthesis of all his works—very interesting. Craig has written to say that he is doing all in his power to obtain my release.   Everyone is very good.   So you have met D-? He is quite a cleverly assorted compound of assimilated influences in character and work; an opportunist who hovers with one foot perpetually over the borderline of charlatanism. His works reflect every change in the creative developments occurring about him. They add little, if anything, to art." March 27, 1915. "I am very busy writing here, a new series of critical and philosophical essays. I have also been busy for some days designing scenic settings and costumes for " As You Like It," which is being produced by the Ruhleben Dramatic Society. The movement and lighting are also under my supervision. The setting is very simple—draped pillars and curtains. * Nickname for the writer of the letter. We have already given " Androcles and the Lion." under direction of A. G. Kapp.   Later we propose giving " Strife," " Rising of the Moon " and " The King's -Threshold."   We are also contemplating an amusing Ruhleben Revue probably " Legs and the Woman," written by Kapp.   The debating society has occasional good evenings.   Later I am lecturing on " Egoism: a power for Conscious Development; " and " Futurism: a new spiritual force."   Also on " The Attic Spirit and its influences."   I have met a man Hatfield here, [secretary of the Ruhleben Arts and Science Association] who reads The Egoist regularly.. .. These occupations seem to fill up my time.   Otherwise this separation would be unbearable." April 30, 1915. " Your letters and cards make me acutely sensible of the interests and real things which this separation deprives me of. Here, I am trying to engage my attention in order to forget the movement of present affairs. I am participating in many camp functions. Last night I delivered a lecture on " The Presentation of Evocative Drama," under the auspices of the Ruhleben Camp Arts and Science Union.. .. These things trivial though they seem from point of view of the outer world, enable one to defy monotony and to develop and apply one's personal conceptions.. .. Hatfield and I see much of one another. We have been amusingly attempting to apply individualistic theories to the camp societies to which we belong.. .. The more I see of Treharne the more I like him. He evokes real affection, being so essentially sincere and modern, and developed in sensibility. His work is among the most penetrative and expressive music which I have come upon for some time. The music he has written to "As You Like It " is delightful. He has set some of my " Children's Poems," and " Aurifrigia." May 29, 1915. "I am back in camp after a few weeks in hospital. Every tree is green and many frogs croak in the distance in the pool by the racecourse. Obviously Russolo's " Arte dei Rumori," is necessary in music. ... I have been granted a study box (cubby hole) in which to prepare work." June 23, 1915. " On June 10 the forest scenes from " As You Like It," were produced with great success. The setting I designed was very simple. The curtains were in three shades of green, yellow-green for near feeling, toning to grey-green for depth and distance. The slashings were in three dominent tones, lilac, hawthorn pink and laburnum yellow—to convey the sense of spring. The two pillars of the stage were draped with brown and dark-green to suggest trees. Scenes were created by rearrangement of curtains.. .. I also designed a special lighting scheme to enable us to obtain a change from moonlight to grey preceding dawn, then dawn—first sun-rays and thence to gold of early morning. For this we used a water-resistance constructed of biscuit boxes and earthenware plates... In the last scene the Welsh Society sang a hidden chorus. I enclose the camp journal, programme and drawings of the scenic design and group arrangements and masks (worn for dance in last scene. I designed them and they were all made in camp by interned civilians). Treharne's music was absolutely delightful, delicate, daring and full of perfect comprehension of and sympathy with the play." July 18, 1915. " My music lectures commence August 15, and I wish to make them a great success, because of the immense importance I attach to the work of the moderns in music. The lectures are as follows :—Schönberg, Bartok, Eric Satie, The Fantastic Movement (Ravel, Schmitt and Roussel), The Spanish Post-Impressionists; The Finnish Primitivists; The Russian Imagists, Stravinsky and The Dionysian Spirit; Scriabin and Evocative Symbolism in Music. The Italian Neo-Classics; Delius and Intuitive Sensibility and Futurist Music." September 28, 1915. "Thanks so much for the birthday parcel. It was jolly to receive it. It actually arrived on the very date, September 23. I sat and wallowed in clouds of smoke while I worked in my cubby hole.   Then I went to tea with Pender and Hatfield, who with Treharne and Prichard are the people I feel most in sympathy with here.. .. The spirit and ideas of 1890 seem prevalent among the interned, though in Baracke 10 and other odd corners a deeper understanding is met. Pender is captain of Loft A, Baracke 3. He is a most pleasant and amusing being, lectures on English, French, and German Literature and has a mania for dialectics, practical joking, smoking and sitting in deck chairs. His corner of the loft is lined with books and he works here, holding forth over his tea with an absurd gravity in support of Chestertonian paradoxes. He, Hatfield and I argue immeasurably, Hatfield being very incisive and inclined to action and full of interest in psychology, while Pender affects the easy chair and Catholicism. Treharne has now finished four volumes of choral songs to poems by Duncan Jones and myself. I wish we could be photographed together: I should just like you to see how we look. I bid fair to rival a Cossack with my beard. Soon we shall be appearing beclogged, be-gaitered, bemuffled and as usual, bewildered with nonsensical chatter. Oh the winter! One does not look forward to the winter! " LATIN POEMS OF THE RENAISSANCE Translated by Richard Aldington Celio Calcagnini (1479-1541) The Calends of April AH, lad, weave violet crowns, adding to flowers new flowers, for this clear day brings in the calends of Venus. See how the birds fly across the sky with much whistling one to another; see how the bees repeat their spring task and revisit the meadows. And hear how the pilgrim swallow chatters and tells us of her swift return, herself preparing a couch for her young beneath the wonted beam ! Andrea Navagero (1483-1529) Returning from his Embassy to Spain Hail! beautiful land, dear to the gods, hail! fair valleys of Aphrodite. After these many toils of mind and soul I see you again, and make joyful offering that through your favour I may drive away care from my heart. The Graces dip their snow-coloured bodies in the springs of no other land; in no other fields do they weave their garlands. .. (No more was written.) To the Winds Winds, that speed on light wings through the air and with gentle music sigh through the deep woods—Idmon gives these coronals to you, and scatters these scented crocuses from wicker baskets. Assuage the heat and swirl away the empty chaff, whilst at hottest of the day he winnows his grain. Inscription for a Fountain The fountain is cold and there is no water more healing. The margin is green with fine grass, and the alders ward off the sunlight with many-leaved boughs. Burning Titan now hangs in mid-heaven and the parched meads glare under the afflicting star. Stay, wayfarer, since you are heated by the noon sunshine and your languid feet can bear you no further. Here you may rest from your weariness, and grow cool in the wind and the green shadows, and ease your thirst with the limpid water. The Offering of Teleson Teleson gives to Ceres these spikes of wheat, to Lyaeus these coronals, and to Pales these two bowls of white milk. May Ceres foster his land and Lyaeus his vines; may Pales grant abundant sweet pasture to his cattle. Girolamo Fracastoro (1483-1553) From Liber I of " de Morbo Gallico " Unhappy Italy, how internal strife has lost you that ancient courage and your fathers' rule of the world! Have you a nook which cannot tell of foreign servitude, of spoils, of miserable ruin? Speak, you vine-bearing, unshakable hills, where Erethenus flows in pleasant streams and with full horns slips into the sea to join the waters of the Euganeans ! 0 happy land, for long more peaceful than all others, most holy country of the gods, rich in wealth, fertile in men, happy in fruitful fields, swift Athesis and the waves of Benacus—who can remember your calamities and height of your miseries, and who can equal our sorrows, our ignominious submission, our foreign rule? Hold low your head, Benacus, hide beneath your stream, and let no god glide now among your lordly laurels. W inter When the east wind sweeps from the woods, or the clouds of the west fall in rain, the hearth-fire shall glow within doors. The shepherd will bring us beech-logs and split oak; he will throw on the flames olive-boughs and juniper to send sweet scent from the fire. The lad, lulus, will be by the hearth; he will play and caress you and talk his broken chatter. I myself will read great Virgil's monument with you. 0 too happy we! if, in that little time yet left us, the Fates give us such days together. Fragment Among the woods and the shores of the streams, among the still myrtles and the springing laurels, Benacus moves his shining flood. Around the fire the lads and maidservants sing while the country meal cooks in the swinging pot; crackling flames burn up the great oak logs; grapes hang from the ceiling, apples and chestnuts and an open-bellied pipe (passo fistula ventre). Women, men, and all the children make use of the night. Some are weary with labour; some weave soft baskets from the rushes of Amerius; and an old woman beguiles languid eyes with a foolish tale as she spins the fleece and turns the spindle with trembling hands. Marc-Antonio Flaminio (1498-1550) To the Muse of Sirmio O Muse, who cherish the comely white shore of Sirmio and teach the sacred grove of olives to murmur of beautiful Lesbia—we dedicate to you an altar of green turf and three bowls of honey and bubbling milk. We call you with entreating voice, O Goddess, to the poor but reverent offering, call you to celebrate Hyella on your sweet lyre. There has never lived, in any land, a more beautiful girl than she, nor will there ever be one more worthy your song. Then leave the green places and the waves of Benacus. For here the breath of light Favonus murmurs. The air is delighted with the music of birds. The meadows glimmer with flowers. The pure fountains cool the dryads of the woods with glass-clear waters. Thither return the chaste bands of Artemis when they weary of slaying the fallows in the sharp burning sunlight. Come then, 0 white maiden, and speak your songs to me, so that Hyella may be immortal even as your most lovely Lesbia. The Prayer of Astraea Father Pan, old Silenus, twi-horned fauns, and you, white band of the Goddess of the Pharetra—my reed-pipe has gladdened you with its music and I have brought you offerings each year. Spare now, I beseech, the purple grape-berries and do not pluck the golden plums with greedy fingers. The Stream O Stream, you who rise from the cold fountains of the Nymphs and pass through the woods, if, beautiful one, you come to the garden of Phyllis and slake her thirst, she will give you a hundred kisses which will turn your waters sweeter than Hyblaean honey. To Pholoe May Venus give you imperishable youth and may no wrinkle ever disfigure you. After supper, Pholoë, let us go to my mother with little Lycinna and your mother. There we will watch happily beside a blazing fire; and the darkness will be brighter to us than the glittering day. The two old women will gossip, we will sing gay songs, and little Lycinna will roast her chestnuts. So with pleasant jests and laughter we will spend the hours until the weight of sleep draws down our eyelids. To Pholoe While the cicada calls shrilly about me, you, Pholoë, lie in fresh sleep. But I have wandered about all night, and now I bring wreathed flowers to your gate. I have kissed the polished lintel where your naked foot touched it, and it is wet with my tears. Either pity me, or bid me die here, if you will yet be cruel. Honorato Fascitelli (1502-1564) The Villa Annia Sacred citron-trees of the grove of Annia, sacred spring rippling through the wood, shrine of the quiet sea-beach upon the hill, and you, forest gods and goddesses of the race of Zeus—sadly do I leave you and most joyfully return. I delight to flee away to god-like idleness in your breast. Either I lie hid beneath the dark tresses of the grove, and in short loose tunic grow cool from the breath of the wavering West-Wind: or beside the murmuring of the rill I sit long and long above its cool mirror, sleepily splashing the alluring water with languid fingers. Sorrow drifts away to the sound of the trembling lute. From the height I watch the mirrored sails of a thousand passing ships. And the Dog-star burns hot over land and sea, and Arctos with his frosts and dreary clouds flies from Hyperion. {These poems and others are printed in No. 4 of the Poets' Translation Series.] NOTES ON MODERN GERMAN POETRY By Alec W. G. Randall V. Walt Whitman in Germany,   (b) Johannes Schlaf ARNO HOLZ and Johannes Schlaf were both intimately associated, first of all as comrades in the Social Democratic movement; then as workers in the circle of artists—the Brothers Hart, Hauptmann, Mackay, Wille and the rest—who founded the famous " Freie Bühne." They were also collaborators in a series of Naturalist novels and plays—in particular the volumes of sketches entitled " Papa Hamlet," from which the whole Naturalist movement in the German drama and novel—including Hauptmann^ early plays—may be said to have taken its rise. But this co-operation did not last very long. An estrangement and then a quarrel came, the origins of which it is difficult—and absolutely profitless—to determine. At any rate it led to a large number of amusing Streitschriften and polemical articles in reviews, until it culminated in Holz's accusing Schlaf of hallucination; whereupon Schlaf produced an extraordinary book called " Mentale Suggestion " containing, among other surprising documents, copies of statements by a doetor certifying his sanity!   And the critic and Neo- classic poet, Samuel Lublinski, summed up the matter —lunacy charges as well—conclusively in Schlafs favour. If only English literary feuds were conducted in the same entertaining fashion ! The result of the whole thing was the temporary eclipse of Holz. And although there have since been curious people, such as a minor critic named Ress, who asserted that " Holz was the greatest German poet since Goethe," with a few exceptions the general judgment has gone against him. Schlaf is recognized as a far more significant writer and personality— probably the most dominating personality in German literature of the past thirty years. This may seem an exaggeration until it is recalled that it was Schlaf more than anyone else who came under the two most powerful influences in modern German poetry—Verhaeren and Walt Whitman. For drama and fiction Zola was his model, and Schlafs play, "Meister Oelze," is recognized as a classic of realist drama; the technique of the Naturalist play, in fact, was created by Schlaf, though it was Hauptmann who brought the type to perfection and gave the Naturalist movement its predominance. But in poetry Verhaeren and Whitman were the chief influences. It seems as if Schlaf were destined to become a Whitmanian. His book " In Dingsda " was at least conceived before he knew " Leaves of Grass," and when the latter volume was made known throughout Germany by Knortz's and T. W. Rolleston's translation in 1889, Schlaf was one of the first to welcome it. For the next fifteen years he imitated Whitman, translated him, defended him in many quarrels, and in general assimilated the Whitmanian spirit, which in reality was so akin to his own that the process was rapid and complete. Schlafs most important contribution to Whitmanianism in Germany is the volume of prose-poems entitled " Frühling " (Spring). A comparison of this book with any work of Holz will make clear the fact that Schlaf was a far more faithful disciple of Whitman. Holz adopted some of the technique of " Leaves of Grass," although he denied the fact; he caught some of Whitman's phrases and he had the usual sort of Socialist's admiration for his democratic visions. But he never absorbed Whitman. When people said that Holz had come to fulfil Whitman they could only have meant it in a purely technical sense. It was Schlaf who inherited Whitman—his rhythm, his energy, his democratic beliefs, his philosophy, and a good deal of his cosmic indefiniteness, his " yawp." But there is also something original in his work, and I think an example of it may be found in the following representative paragraph from " Frühling " : Sun! Sun! Sun! My eyes are fixed on a far-off blue, with ardent desire.. .. And now—now I am a creature luminous with gold.   An ample plumage grows from my shining wings and my blood, warmed by the golden sun, boils in my veins.   I tremble and I rise.   I rise!   I rise ! That is more romantic, more " fanciful " than Whitman; it has more colour. Schlafs lyrics are not at all the kind we should expect from our knowledge of his Naturalist dramas. It is significant that in the Neo-classic reaction against Naturalismus Holz has been the chief object of attack, while scarcely any reference has been made to Schlaf. The Neo-classic critic Samuel Lublinski was, as I have said, once among his principal supporters. For one of the most prominent Naturalists of his time, Schlaf was, in fact, surprisingly romantic. The following little poem from an early volume, " Helldunkel," has a charm which reminds us of Walter de la Mare : PHANTASIES Three thousand miles behind the moon There are stones being brought together ; For a castle, you know, is to be built Out of pure, silvery blue light ; And in it shall dwell The all-royal maiden Marleuchen the fair. Go now, and wander, and do and dare ; She shall be thine at last. POEMS [These poems are reprinted, by permission, from two books, " Images " and " Cadences," just published by the Poetry Book Shop. They are meant to take the place of a review.] INTERLUDE BLOW your tin squeals On your reedy whistle. Here they come dancing, White girls, lithe girls, In linked dance From Attica. Gay girls dancing in the frozen street, Hair streaming, and white raiment Flying, Red lips that first were Red in Ephesus. Gone ! You?   Red-nose, piping by the Red-Lion, You ! Did you bring them ! Here, take my pennies, Mon semblable, mon frère. AFTER TWO YEARS She is all so slight And tender and white As a May morning. She walks without hood At dusk.   It is good To hear her sing. It is God's will That I shall love her still As He loves Mary, And night and day I will go forth to pray That she love me. She is as gold Lovely, and far more cold. Do thou pray with me, For if I win grace To kiss twice her face God has done well to me. Richard Aldington, from " Images." FRAGMENT ... That night I loved you in the candle light. Your golden hair strewed the sweet whiteness of the pillows and the counterpane. O the darkness of the corners, the warm air, and the stars framed in the casement with the ships' lights ! The waves lapped into the harbour ; the boats creaked ; a man's voice sang out on the quay ; and you loved me. In your love were the tall tree fuschias, the blue of the hortensias, the scarlet nasturtiums, the trees on the hills, the roads we had covered, and the sea that had borne your body before the rocks of Hartland. You loved me with these and with the kindness of people, country folk, sailors and fishermen, and the old lady who had lodged us and supped us. You loved me with yourself that was these and more, changed as the earth is changed into the bloom of flowers. BEGGAR In the gutter piping his sadness an old man stands, bent and shrivelled, beard draggled, eyes dead. Huddled and mean, shivering in threadbare clothes— winds beat him, hunger bites him, forlorn, a whistle in his hands, piping. Hark! the strange quality of his sorrowful music, wind from an empty belly wrought magically into the wind,— pattern of silver on bronze. F. S. Flint, from " Cadences." F. S. FLINT BY ROALD KRISTIAN LA LETTRE On a d'abord cherché quelle était l'écriture, Quel timbre avait frappé son enveloppe en deuil, Puis, incertaine, avec les ciseaux de couture, La mère ouvrit enfin la missive, et son œil S'embrouille maintenant aux mots et aux ratures. Un silence est venu, le travail a cessé ; Les faces en émoi vers elle sont levées Dans l'espoir inquiet de ce qui va passer... . Et le disque cuivré du lent balancier Se montre et disparaît dans la gaîne cirée. André Lafon. December 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 189 PASSING PARIS HERE in Paris we are launched into another winter of war, and there can be no question but that the idea appals. They tell me that in London the absence from the street-life of the mutilated victims of war keeps away " black thoughts " from the public. I cannot but think that this reticence—if intentional— in the exhibition of the war's effects is one of different devices for sparing the shock of direct contact with the reality of things typical of that regrettable timidity manifested by the English at all times in face of moral problems, but particularly to be deplored in the present circumstances. In this instance the French show courage far superior, for they do not require doses of mental pick-me-ups to keep up their calm and resolution. The truth in all its abrupt abomination stimulates them. If the English system of "letting it down gently " is the most suited to the British temperament, then the British constitution is feebler than the French. The deficiencies in limbs and features in uniformed men passing me as I note these thoughts on a bench in the Luxembourg gardens, inspires this theme. I wish the four statesmen who have just visited this city from across the Channel had kept me company here for an hour or so. The smile their photographers so invariably render would, I fancy, be less persistent. We do not want to see Cabinet ministers smiling just now. Joffre may and Kitchener (though he does not) may and every other soldier may, but not civilians, and especially not responsible civilians. When I read English contemporaries I am surprised to learn of topics quite new to me as preoccupying the Parisian mind. Do I live in an environment apart or do they? Anyhow, they inform of features of Paris life quite unfamiliar to me and my circle or occupying so insignificant a place in our interests that they do not occur to me as worth recording. Constantly I read " All Paris is talking " or tk laughing " or " crying " or " dreaming " about this or that about which I have barely heard a mention. Either their interests are peculiar or they imagine that their readers' curiosity necessarily differs from their own, a theory current among publicists—and, notably, editors, as experience has from time to time shown me—the fallacy of which the subsequent bankruptcy of the concerns they directed on these principles will, I trust, have made evident to them. What does preoccupy us is the increase of price in all necessaries.   The newspapers wage incessant warfare on the few remaining articles of German importation as equally on the abuses of native tradesmen.   Perhaps the one campaign is in antagonism with the other? For not a single item but has increased in cost since the war began. Luckily,  certain  private  philanthropic enterprises counteract these developments and include among their beneficiaries such as are not, as a rule, within the reach of charity's arm, and who are, therefore, the most precariously situated—for instance, the professional and artist ranks.   A system of mutual assistance on the club or co-operative system assures them their daily bread.   The different societies of painters, actors, and so forth have opened refectories where meals are served to their members at such nominal rates as 50 ernes., while one of our most successful and kindliest playwrights, M. Pierre Wolff, has undertaken to answer for their fuel.   In examples such as these French initiative expresses itself with the most admirable competence and tact. ***** Our soldiers' indemnity has been raised from one sou to five sous per day. Those at the front may manage with this as their needs are small and opportunities for spending limited, but for those at the rear it is a mockery. Such is the consequence of conscription, the costs of which the State cannot meet. When called upon to serve, every man in the country is expected to possess an independent income on which to draw for his keep. Many men are now drawing upon their capital. To say that a soldier is adequately provided for is a vain boast; he is just housed, fed in a manner suitable only to men in the best of health, and but roughly equipped. The State thinks it does well by him in providing him with tobacco and free postage, privileges by which all men do not profit equally. But the treatment strikes the French so little as unfair that they still wonder at the superior advantages of the English soldiers, all of which proves that Governments exploit the public as far as it will stand and entirely with its consent—passive, perhaps, but consent nevertheless. General Gallieni, our new Minister of War, chases after such citizens as may still be " embuscaded," like a terrier after rats. He is supported in his zeal by those people who in their claim for justice may commit many injustices and who call what is really, perhaps, envy and revenge by that mock term which is served up to all purposes: " equality." Many a delicate young constitution has been irrevocably compromised, lost perhaps, owing to the next door neighbour's or concierge's craving after " equality," expressed through anonymous letters addressed to the Ministry or corps commander. In the slacker régime favouritism may or may not be responsible for the acquittal of some culpable ones, in the severer many innocent ones are condemned.   Which is the better rule ? I know a young man who, after having been wounded on active service, has been given some post in the rear. He dare not come home to spend Sundays with his wife and two little children because of the neighbours wanting so much to know " why " he has so many holidays, " why " he is not at the front, etc. So they have to meet in secret in some district where he is not known to the shrews prying at their windows. And yet those—few, it is true, they are—who are influentially connected and want to " get off " do. The Intransigeant asked openly the other day why the son of a celebrated poet—apparently sufficiently able-bodied, if not for active service, at least for a post at the rear— found nothing better to do than to perform in his father's plays for the benefit of wounded, etc. A certain sturdy-looking actor, son of an actor, seems equally immune from the general rule. But the position of these is not to be envied either now or in the future. The men whose health keeps them in the so-called auxiliary service have, notwithstanding, a very hard time. Long presence hours, as is the custom in other spheres of French life, are demanded of them; those working in offices, for instance, have ten-hour days (at 2 1/2 d.). Sometimes the labour is manual, sometimes clerical. The discipline is as severe as in the active ranks, perhaps even more so, and life in barracks is anything but luxurious. Though they may be spared from peril, these men do their duty in proportion to their physical capacities. It is a monotonous round indeed to which they are harnessed and bringing neither " sport " nor glory. I have spoken much and often in these columns of writers and their activities during the war, to the neglect of the artist-body. There is a reason for this apparent omission. Such call as is made upon the arts of form and colour seems more than ever to favour the vulgarest. The others are scarcely given a chance. That sentiments of patriotism, the glorification of heroism, and scenes of destruction can be illustrated nobly has been proved by Paul tribe's idealistic and Masereel's realistic interpretations. But official influence is all powerful just now, and, as the late Jean Dolent, Carrière's friend, said: " Official art has this peculiarity, that it is not art." The orders go, therefore, to those who are official if not artists, and particularly to those specialists who labelled themselves " military painters " even when they were less in demand. Every painter, evidently, has his day. Some are attached to the General Staff and follow operations safely ambushed in State-provided motors. 190 THE EGOIST December 1, 1915 There is not a single modern man of the brush who Can render cavalry. M. Dunoyer de Segonzac, who knows the beauty of soldiery, will perhaps give us something in that line one day, if he is spared. Meanwhile he is exercising his ingeniousness in the camouflage department, the equivalent English term for which I regret I do not happen to know. The work consists in contrivances of deception, such as mock-scenery for hiding artillery, aviation-camps, etc. Among the cartoonists Forain continues busy. Le Mot has, after a lingering agony, come to an end; it was too good for this world. Steinlen wears the best because he is so entirely free from tricks and mannerisms. Bernard Naudin, though mobilised, has, as was to be expected, found time to prove that his pen is well suited to scenes associated with warfare and its sufferings; and Poulbot's merit does not decrease as his vogue increases. The knot uniting that group of modern French writers in poetry and prose whose faith is, or was, as the moving spirit of their genius—Claudel, Péguy, Jammes, Grol-leau, etc.—tied also the late André Lafon, whom the Revue des Temps Présent (whose editor, M. Jean Load, is reported "missing") mourns, as it does also for Jean-Marc Bernard and for its founder. André Lafon lived a lonely schoolmaster's life until his name was brought into sudden evidence through the Académie's award of its grand prix to his novel L'Élève Gilles. He died a lonely death from wounds in hospital after having " put his fate in the hands of God and keeping ready for his call." His first book, Les Poèmes Provinceaux, was brought out by the Beffroi. The oldest of the French reviews and one of the least accessible, Le Correspondant, published his last novel, La Maison sur la Rive. There never was more familiar, more intimate, poetry than his. He deals with homely scenes as the Dutch masters did, as did Chardin. The affectation, the glory in humility, peculiar to M. Jammes are absent in Lafon. He makes no display of modesty; he is so simple, so straightforward and natural that, to judge from a dedication, he does not even suspect the pretention of his senior. He does not glorify little things, he leaves them in their due proportions, realizing that they themselves seem conscious of their narrow fates, discreetly feeling that they are of those who are forgotten. .. until a domestic necessity may suddenly mingle them in the drama of life." In a picture of a young girl sitting at a window making hem-stitches he surpasses himself and his kind in realistic sentiment—in audacity too, for what pluck is needed to write of underlinen and young " mashers " from the fashion-papers in a poem! It is the sort of thing which one loves or detests, and which may, after having been smiled at, become clas-. sical like Mme. Desbordes-Valmore's ode to her pillow. Muriel Ciolkowska. ET J'AI VOULU LA PAIX Par, Andre Spire POUSSIERES, poussières d'étoiles Qui flottez dans les intermondes, Et les forces qui se veulent et s'appellent, Et l'ordre et le désordre qui se mêlent, J'ai voulu la justice ! Les nuages vont,  se défont,  galopent,  s'écoulent, s'écroulent Sur les oiseaux et les hommes qui volent, Sur les sèves qui montent, sur les germes qui tombent, Et sur nos corps insatiables Où nos âmes montent et retombent. Et j'ai voulu la paix ! 19 Juin, 1914 QUINZE JUILLET Le Bois est plein de papier gras. Hier le peuple fêtait la fin de tes rois Fils de famille en bottes jaunes ; Promène ton cheval, ta cigarette et tes dégoûts. Les pelouses sont foulées, et les branches cassées. Hier sur l'herbe et dans les arbres, Le peuple, tôt levé, regardait défiler Tes fusils, tes canons, et tes aéroplanes. Les allées sont semées de verre cassé. Ton chien va se couper les pattes ! Le peuple ruisselant a bu des citronnades, Du sirop, du coco; du vin blanc aussi, Et, dans les sous-bois chauds comme des serres, A ronflé sur le dos, au milieu des ronciers. Le peuple, en rond assis, a fait tremper sa soupe, A mangé ses plats froids, sa salade et ses fruits; Et près des peupliers aux feuilles inlassables A joué à Colin-maillard, sans veste et en jupons. Contre un fil de fer ton demi-sang bute. Ces gens, partout chez soi, ont tendu des guirlandes, Allumé des lampions et des feux de bengale ; Puis moitié endormis, sont repartis te faire Des apprentis, pour tes sociétés financières Et des petits soldats pour défendre tes terres. Fils à papa, rappelle ton gordon, Qui va couper sa langue sélectionée En pourléchant le fond de leurs boites de thon. Paris, 15 Juillet, 1914. OUVRAGES DE DAMES Fils tirés, macramés, mignardises, Etains et cuirs repoussés, bois pyrogravés, Aquarelles, gouaches, faïences décorées, Œuvre des doigts désœuvrés de nos petites fées. Marée montante et sans jusant, Inondation indesséchable, Escaladant nos guéridons, S'inscrivant le long de nos murs, Nous avions peur de nos anniversaires Avec leur flux débordant Et les merci qu'il fallait dire. Nous pensions: petites sottes, bourgeoises, pécores, Quel rustaud, quel ours mal léché, Par son persiflage osera faire taire Le bavardage de vos mains pâles Qui ne savent que copier ? L'antique devoir de la femme: Habiller l'homme, soigner l'homme Quel psychologue, quel pédagogue, Aura le courage de le restaurer ? Mais des menaces retentirent, Puis des pas lourds. .. La fusillade, le canon.. . Et sur des semelles de feutre Vous glissez entre des lits blancs, A des corps sans bras vous donnez à boire, Vous lavez des plaies, vous roulez des bandes, Et le soir, auprès de vos mères sans fils, Vous tricotez, presqu'en silence. Nancy, 8-18 Novembre, 1915. December 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 191 CURIOSITÉ Mon esprit erre à travers le monde, Mes yeux errent sur les cartes, Cherchant un pays, un village Où l'on ne haïsse pas, Ne massacre pas. Je suis la ligne sanglante Que de Nieuport à Belfort, Des Carpathes à la Baltique, De Constantinople au Caucase, Un Dieu, père des hommes, s'amuse à dessiner. Mon esprit erre parmi les chaumes, Les labours, autour des tranchées, Mystérieuses cavernes dont on n'ose approcher, Epiant tous les bruits, les nouvelles, Toutes les histoires courageuses qui en viennent. Mon esprit va, mon esprit erre, Des avant-postes aux hôpitaux, A travers les récits de guerre. .. Plaisir puissant, plaisir nouveau, Choquant plaisir. Où est-il ce cœur pitoyable, Ce cœur humain qui s'indignait Contre les mangeurs de viande, Contre les tueurs d'oiseaux ? Les jours après les jours l'ont-il desséché Comme ces vieilles commères qui, sur le pas des portes, Disent à leurs voisines, de leurs voix égales : " Son fils a reçu une balle dans la tête " Ou bien " Nous en avons tué cinq-cents, Et n'en avons perdu que cent ; Comme ces hommes guêtres, le carnet aux doigts, Qui suivent, en bolides, les Etats-Majors, Voient les morts s'amasser au bout de leurs jumelles, Puis dans les feuilles bien payantes s'en vont bavarder Du fait divers à l'épopée ; Où s'est-il durci comme ces mères, ces veuves, Qui le soir s'assemblent près des cheminées; Mettent la table, mangent, rient, font la causette, Voulant vivre pour voir la défaite De ceux qui leur ont tout pris ? Nancy, 1914-1915. IMAGES Je voudrais te chanter, guerre libératrice, Notre cause est si grande, et nous enivre tous. Tous: nos fantassins dans leurs tranchées de boue, Nos cannoniers masqués par les crêtes d'éteules, Nos cavaliers agiles et nos lourds convoyeurs. Je voudrais te chanter. De Paris, de Bordeaux on te chante. Les journaux fanfaronnent, Injurient l'adversaire que les autres combattent, Et d'un cœur sec débitent tes splendides horreurs. Mais j'entends le canon aux portes de ma ville. Je vois sur nos canaux, nos places et nos rues Tes troupeaux de blessés. Je vois tes corbillards suivis de vétérans et de drapeaux Et tes paysans fuir avec leurs fourragères Pleines de matelas, de femmes et d'enfants. Et je m'asseois.   J'attends. Oh!   Silence!   Silence !.. . Jusqu'au jour où ces corps défaits, ces visages hagards, Ces cris, ces pleurs, ces linges, ces pus, ces puanteurs, Une plus impérieuse image: la Victoire, Les aura délogés de nos yeux, de nos cœurs. Nancy, Septembre, 1914. UN SPECTACLE!  RIEN QU'UN SPECTACLE ?j Collines, forêts, rivières, Buvant vos eaux, cueillant vos fleurs, Avec mes gros souliers de voyageur Je marchais dans vos paysages. Vos jardins, vos jasmins, vos raisins et vos soirs Apaisaient ma fatigue, Et je chantais vos horizons et vos nuages, Et les lents mouvements et l'absence de bruits Que l'homme bousculé des villes tapageuses Vient mendier de vous. Je vous aimais, je vous chantais, villages, Plantés sur vos collines avec vos fumées, Les pas mous de vos bœufs, les chaînes de vos chars, Comme on aime les yeux d'un visage, Des bandeaux sur un front, Un sourire, une voix. Je vous aimais, comme on aime une belle passante, Dont le corps lumineux ouvre un sillage de désir, Mais si passante, et si distante et si lointaine Que l'on n'ose penser: elle est mienne, elle est à moi. À moi, à moi!   Vous êtes miens, ma chose, Non quelque chose de commun à plusieurs, à tous ; Mon bien, " le mien," mon propre, ma chose, Je le sais maintenant, je le sais, je le sais, Depuis que des hommes armés, plein de bave, de haine, Ont foulé vos moissons, piétiné vos labours, Ont écrasé de ruines fumantes vos grand' routes. Nancy, 1-15 Avril, 1915. THE VERSES OF VISIAK Drops of poetic essence Distilled in queer little jars, Dusky blossoms from gardens That burn under lunatic stars. Impish magical fiddles Sobbing in dream-bazaars Where boggle-boes and hobgoblins Ramp in Rococo cars. Blazing beaches and coral Fifes and turn-tummy guitars Fleering hints of the horrible lives Of pirates and gashed old tars. Strange is the gift of Visiak When singing of sailors and spars; Strange is his talent for garnering Such rummy particulars. Ernest Marriott. ALBERT AURIER ALBERT AURIER died at the age of twenty-seven, before reaching his maturity. His untimely death prevented him from giving the full measure of his talents. In so short a time he was not able fully to realize himself and has left for our judgment only an incomplete body of work. Considering that this work is more or less in an unfinished state it must be considered chiefly as an indication, and a striking indication, of his exceptional qualities. His production is indeed very unequal, but the principal reason for this seems to have been his fecundity, and above all his spontaneity, in which perhaps he had too much confidence; he sins only by excess of talent and would certainly have corrected himself later. His mind was extraordinarily original, and he might quite well have created great works of art; he never lacked ingenuity and imagination, and his power of observation was keen. 192 THE EGOIST December 1, 1915 With the exception of a certain Baudelairian cult of the artificial, his poetry has an ingenuous and unexpected charm. The dominant note is a mingled sadness and irony which gives him sometimes an incomparable quaintness : Le cœur inondé d'une ineffable tristesse, Je contemple le crâne aimé de ma maîtresse His feeling for the comic and for caricature was remarkable and developed in him very early : J'ai mis artistement sur l'os blanc de sa nuque, Poli comme un ivoire, une vieille perruque. Aurier is sometimes outrageous in his comedy and yet without departing too much from reality. ALBERT AURIER BY ROALD KRISTIAN Sometimes his tone is almost that of Laforgue—but less pitiful, less profound, more absurd, more of a caricature. La Tarentule immonde, en faction Raille mes cris d'un fou rire moqueur !. .. J'ai dans le corps, à la place du cœur, Un vieux cadavre en putréfaction... . Un vieux cadavre ou la horde des vers A découvert, pour assouvir sa faim, Un fin festin, digne des séraphins !. .. —Moi je mettrai, dans mes lugubres vers, Ainsi que dans mes proses, afin qu'au Pinde je sois proclamé le vainqueur, Le plus possible de mon pauvre cœur !. ... Tant pis si l'on y trouve un asticot ! Although a good poet and an ingenious novelist, Aurier owes most of his reputation to his criticism, which is often correct and always intellectual. His taste was already a distinction. We should be grateful to him for having been the first to defend Van Gogh, misunderstood and abused more than anyone else at the time. Although his phraseology is overloaded in certain places, his essays for modern painting remain perhaps the most complete part of his work. It is very rare now to hear Aurier's name mentioned —he seems forgotten. At a time when so many imbeciles are so loudly applauded, the silence which reigns about him almost meets with ones approval. What! You tell me of a man who had talent—let him be twice buried ! roald kristian. DRAMOCRACY By Huntly Carter WITH the discovery of the present-day European theatre by America has come the inevitable avalanche of " theatre " and " drama " books. Three of these books, " The New Movement in the Theatre," by Sheldon Cheney (Mitchell Kennerley), "The Theatre of Today," by Hiram Kelly Moderwell (John Lane Co.), and " The Changing Drama," by Archibald Henderson (Grant Richards, 55.), are now before me. As space is limited I will deal with Mr. Henderson now and leave the other defendants to come up for judgment when called upon. From Mr. Henderson's Introduction : " Within the limits set, this book is believed to be the first work yet to appear in any language dealing with the contemporary drama not as a kingdom subdivided between a dozen leading playwrights, but as a great movement, exhibiting the evolutional growth of the human spirit and the enlargement of the domain of esthetics." This carelessly expressed scheme makes three postulates. (1) The drama follows and reflects philosophical and social tendencies. (2) The modern evolution of the human spirit. (3) An expansion of aesthetics. The first should give the present-day conception of the origin and nature of Drama (content), and of the drama (form), as well as the conception of the nature and meaning of present-day philosophical and social trends. We should be told that the conception of Drama has altered of late years. Drama is now believed to reside in a fundamental creative movement, in a pure absolute substance, which it shares with Art and Poetry, and which remains after form and subject matter have disappeared. The secret of this movement is coming to the men of the theatre slowly, and the experience they are gaining therefrom is transforming their conception of dramatic form. Of course they conceive of the latter as motion in form. Thus Drama is being restored to the Infinite, and one has an opportunity of tracing the insidious and far-reaching encroachments made on its territory by strangers. One can see motion, first of all, busy unconsciously emotionalizing itself, then being taken up consciously and formed, then altered from itself to words, then words put to religious purpose, and gradually applied with contempt to despicable secular uses (as by the celebrated discussionists). Throughout one sees motion stiffening into static words, and words thickening into concrete conventions. Very rarely, indeed, does one see an attempt to thaw the solids. Perhaps to-day dramatic action is breaking free from the queer mixture of words and froth for the first time in its history. Perhaps I should say at once that Mr. Henderson is not aware of this up-to-date conception of Drama, and I should be doing him a grave injustice if I assumed that he wrote his book to add materially to one's awareness of it.   Mr. Henderson is a knowledge-man who is familiar with the " literary and moral " authorities from Aristotle to Spingarn, and one must acknowledge the skill with which he has built up his book with quotations from them.   Every other sentence is a quote.   Naturally he conceives of Drama as " literature " with a " moral " intent.   By " literature " he does not mean Literature, but any kind of written expression of human experience. Somewhere he mentions that the " contemporary drama " is the particular " branch of literature which is the subject of our (his) inquiry."   Somewhere else he refers to k' social ethics " as " this new literature " in which he observes " there is much that is sinister and dour." It seems that " social ethics "is " the new domain which the art of Ibsen and his followers has thrown open."  Mr. Henderson devotes a large section of his book to Ibsen upon whom he confers the literary and moral twist, and another large section to Mr. George Bernard Shaw to whom the twist rightly belongs.   He is always weighing the two.   Evidently he is of the opinion that in the small matter of sheer greatness there is nothing to choose between them. Mr. Henderson's main object in this weighing-up business, is to prove that during the last fifty years or so there has been an attempt at a social realization of life with a corresponding change of play- December 1, 1915 THE  EGOIST 193 form and subject matter. This is his groundwork of order and unity. In order that the drama may follow and express this " development, it is necessary to assume that it is a " life-form," an " evolutionary form," which" viewed in the light of the doctrine of evolution, cannot be subject to a group of absolute rules or laws posited in advance," Still, " biological principles " may be applied to it, but in a greatly " modified form " in order to suit the requirement of the " individual factor of the dramatist." But though the " perpetual intervention of that transforming force, the individual dramatist in the realm of existent drama, gives rise to sudden mutations and variations utterly unforseen ". .. " no real struggle for existence, for the supplanting or destruction of another species, can be said to take place in literature " (that is the drama as a life-form), and this " through its aptitude for passive assimilation by Society ". .. " the same individual " being able to swallow at one and the same time " Rostand," Mr. " Shaw," and " Ibsen " without serious disarrangement of his alimentary and digestive tracks. The true meaning of this rigmarole is that Mr. Henderson's prettily conceived bio-dramatic analogy breaks down when it comes to the competing factor. And a little more analysis of his involved arguments would show that there is no such thing as " Changing Drama." As to content. If this literary species (of the drama) is affected by ideas, obviously the content is an " expression of ideas." And since the theatre has set out " to view the drama in the light of the doctrine of evolution," it follows that " just as the modern biologist concerns himself with the life forms of animals and the evolution of types, so the modern realist (playwright) scientifically studies the life forms of human beings and the evolution of certain psychological, social and ethical types." So it comes to pass that " the great contribution of the new dramatist (such as Mr. George Bernard Shaw) has been the demonstration that ' a barber or a scrubwoman could as fitly be the subject of tragedy as Lady Macbeth or King Lear.' " These are words of approval, but not of shrewd sense. In sum, what Mr. Henderson's book proves is not the capacity of the drama to survive by subsisting on the whole of the scientific, philosophic, moral, aesthetic, political, economic, social and sexual tendencies of each age, but the absolute power exercised by the present-day democratic element as exhibited by its power over playwrights of the Shaw-type, and the consequent increased subjection and servility of the artist. So Society corrupts the playwright, the playwright corrupts the drama, and the critic spreads the darkness and confusion. The sacrifice of individuality to the social system is complete. The artist has indeed sold his birthright for a mass of propaganda. As I said, Mr. Henderson is a knowledge-man. But there are things he does not know. For one thing, there has been no modern evolution of the human spirit. For another, the so-called expansion of aesthetics is as old as the hills. This disposes of his second and third postulates and long explanations. And the most important thing Mr. Henderson has to learn is that if America has found Mr. Bernard Shaw, England has found him out I WANTED to write an article for you, My dear Richard Aldington; It was about Horatio Bottomley, (The British Bully:) But when I began My thoughts wandered, My pen crossed, My ink spluttered, My brain hurt me, My table was too high, My chair was too hard, I became lost in a tangle of phrases ; Considering Bottomley, I strangled and jangled and jagged the English language, Till my article took The veritable semblance Of a genuine Imagist poem, An Imagist Imagist poem. And I thought: It is far easier To write loose little sentences None filling, none completing The whole long line of the paper. I said: I will try to be clever I think (Since I must use paper and ink)— Forgive the Rime!   It came, without meaning it. I declared: I am smarter far When I adopt Some artificial rhythm Neat and new, Writing with finish and precision My clear feelings, Richard, to you. (Forgive the—Rime?   I've done it again)— It's a habit you see.   I can't can't refrain. Well—In the Sunday Pictorial (A fetid Harms worth Rag) Bottomley writes an article: " God and the War," he calls it. Oh, delightful rhythms ! " The great world-war has done it," he cries— " I believe in God." Bottomley, what was your fee ?— What can have been your reason or plea, For making this scandalous declaration To the credulous English nation ? Your champions all over the land Fall on their faces and worship you. Bottomley!   Bottomley!   Bottomley! What a beautiful word! We worship your image, You lovely saint. G. R. Sims at the height of his fame, Marie Corelli, Hall Came At the lowest depths of theirs Were never displayed As you are now. On every Hoarding, on every Bus You loom immense for the like of us. Hero! " There you have it," you cry : " God is taking stock of the World." Bottomley you have mistaken yourself— You are taking stock of the world— At a gigantic god-like fee :" Oh do not, do not think yourself God. But, if you are, I'll write myself out : " The great war has done it." I'll try to use more poetical language, Tumble from Imagist metre. You are the first-rate British clown Posing as God for his own renown. You are the great grand high church-warden Steeped in beef and bitter and mash; You are the trimmed suburban garden; You think yourself the public pardon: You are the Public Rash, The Public Trash-Cash!   Cash ! You are thumping your uric fist On the heavy dirt of Earth, Bottomley, Hoarding-Man : You know the Public can't resist— You know exactly what it is worth. Well! Well! Well!   You will do what you can. 194 THE EGOIST December 1, 1915 I am filled with a happy dream Of a world without Northcliffe and you. You float, I know, like summer cream On the milk of everything we do. Bottomley, think of the simple life. Become, (alas I fear if you can,) A mormon, a theosophist, Or only a Vegetarian. Do something else.   Go other where To spill your words and shed your tear. Bottomley, can't you, can't you resist ? Oh, become a Theosophist. You're afraid.   Yes, you are afraid. That's the matter with you : You wish to be always heavily paid, Always paid—you do. You detest the German for fear He'll disturb your Peace. Drop your sentimental sneer : Bottomley!   Bottomley!   Cease, O cease ! I can't write prose, Richard Aldington. Now and then I may be prosy. Then I write Imagist poetry, Or nearly— Bottomley lift your face away. Go to your kennel, you bull-dog beast. Chew your moral bones. Get to the stink of your straw. I think this world was a lovely place Before you came, A Paradise truly, without your face, Your voice, or your name. Richard, however we disagree, Let us in one dear argument Unite.   May this Horace Bottomley Right about to the devil be sent. Muscle and brain, muscle and brain, Body and soul of Liberty: England, forget and forget again That fatuous face, that inflated fee ! God of Bottomley, go to your slime, Dirty God of the righteous whim. Rise in revolt, unhappy Time : Rend this false prophet limb from limb. Oh my indifferent trivial Rime !— He has blackmailed you.   Down with him ! Harold Monro. CORRESPONDENCE ENGLAND'S NEST OF SINGING BIRDS To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam,—Such is the irony of life! The very same number of The Egoist, which on its front pages contains an interesting dissertation on the essential difference between literature, honest journalism and dishonest journalism or counterfeit literature, further on prints an article that seems an obvious example of the latter kind of offensive writing. It is very depressing, because one always hopes to find in The Egoist articles that shall have all the kick and freshness of sincere sustained thought, quite apart from what other value this thought may or may not possess. Miss Marsden says dishonest journalism has always some axe to grind—whether Miss Jameson has an intellectual axe to grind does not appear. It is the very lack of co-ordinated connexion in her facile abuse that makes her article so objectionable; her terribly glib tirades do not emanate from a central point of view. If only she had a (to her) well-founded and demonstrable plaint against modernity ! It is an honest writer's business to give himself entirely away from the outset, so that the reader may weigh and assess him as a thinking unit and value his criticisms accordingly. We want to know a critic's general outlook. Is it remarkably new or interesting? We want him to face us boldly and hold back nothing of importance about himself. The honest writer unconsciously indicates his general attitude and the dishonest dodges the disclosure, hoping perhaps by the violence of his sentences to hypnotize the reader into taking his essential worth for granted. The article in question has only the effect of ill-tempered splutter —terribly ill at ease. The difference between temper and " just wrath " lies in the absence or presence of co-ordination and precision. The presence or absence of violence and even vulgarity of expression is secondary, though the presence of these qualities does often make us suspect weakness, and if a violent attack cannot be backed up by a strong personality we dread the clearance of thought that is to be effected, because we surmise it cannot be filled with new thought and we dread a prospective void. What I, however, really think was the unconscious motive that drove Miss Jameson to write her article was an irritating sense of emotional dissatisfaction. Old habit in all probability makes her crave for Great Art, Great writers and Great men generally, in order that their greatness may swamp her in a wave of voluptuous self-obliterative emotion. But the desire for this experience is now no longer seemly for modern people. This craving for imposing greatness has become a form of psychological self-indulgence, the desire for which must be austerely restrained. It is a desire to be released from further effort on our part; we want to surrender ourselves to great emotion and great men, just as we surrender ourselves to an armchair. If only we could by some dodge create a sufficient number of great men what a blissful propect of repose it would make for the rest of us! The allure of vicarious greatness is certainly almost irresistible! Now the fact is modern life is altogether too complex for the production of either great men or great bibles in the old sense—that in which they were regarded as overwhelmingly imposing summaries of human potentialities and human thoughts and feelings. Life in future can only be dealt with in fragments, and the really great men of the future will be specialists who must doff most of that imposing character the contemplation of which has such a pleasurable emotional effect on lesser men. Already the military man is shorn of a good deal of his former glory, not because fighting is obsolete but because it is recognized as only one of the many factors in life, and soldiering (except temporarily) is a profession rather than an essential occupation for all the fit. The great soldier therefore can never again appear as a great all-round saviour in whose hands we may safely place our destiny. If a modern Imagist poet has given us an interesting provocative image let us go our way rejoicing and thinking, or if he has given us a sharp sustained emotion let us go our way vibrating and living. Tragic grandeur can only co-exist with broad simple conceptions, and broad simple conceptions no longer exist for us. " Gorgeous tragedy " is a form of intoxication that has become too dangerous for us just because it contains the seeds of self-obliteration. The Greeks were much impressed by inexorable Fate, which we call natural law, but because to a marvellous extent man has circumvented natural law in his machinery, we are beginning to have a sneaking belief that man is no end of a clever dog, and that he may learn to circumvent it still more, especially in the unexplored regions of his own emotion—if modern psychology is on the right track. This may be absurd—but there it is, and modern literature unconsciously takes count of this change of attitude. The personal tragedy is as great as ever, and we get poignant personal drama but not the old abstract tragedies of the human race. The abstract dramas are comedies containing the seed of hope. Hence the general decline of the heroic element in literature which portrayed man struggling in vain against the destiny of surrender to his environment of obstacle without and impulses within. Now we are beginning to think of man as the " Enemy of the Stars," not their victim. What has once been done in a supreme way has been done for all times, and imitation is the worst form of flattery here. To try to mitate great heroic elements in the literature of the past is a challenge to their merit moderns should never dream of making. " Good," " beautiful " and " true " are old fashioned for us because they have been superseded by the " interesting," " provocative " and " accurate "—disconcertingly less satisfying designations but having the tang of incontrovertible vitality. The function of modern writers may then perhaps just be to introduce an element of precision into our way of thinking and feeling, and this may be a very important thing to do. I am bold enough to think that there are not for instance two sides to a controversy and that the answer is not a matter of opinion, but that instead they are contests in which the man who can most penetratingly and precisely state his case must in the nature of things be the victor. " Sir, there are two opinions on the subject " really means " Here we are, two men, neither of whom has a sufficiently penetrating mentality to probe into thepoint at issue." What matter then if the writers whose names Miss Jameson runs through so quickly are not the imposing figures she sets out to seek? They interest. Honor M. Pulley. ENGLAND'S NEST OF SINGING BIRDS To the Editor, The Egoist, Madam,—Miss Jameson's article under the above title in the last number of The Egoist is very brilliant, of course, but it is all wrong— at least synthetically. When she talks about our novelists being down the area, that might have been said of Dickens,—Dickens in the kitchen, Scott in the drawing-room—thank God he did go into the kitchen. Does Miss Jameson mean they write for or about the kitchen: Galsworthy, Hardy, Conrad, Kipling, Wells, Synge (though dead he might be a contemporary), Lucas, Belloc, Chesterton, Barrie, James Joyce, Bennett (yes, even Bennett)—these and other men whom France envies us, whom the very foreigners Mr. Aldington, etc., would oppose to them, rate so high and in place of whose fantasy and creativeness produce faculties of criticism, judgment, selection December 1, 1915 THE EGOIST 195 (with just a few exceptions)? The French are far less fertile. No, if things are relative, then literature in England is sound, and has nothing to regret from the past nor from the Continent. In music we are, of course, and always have been, nonentities. As regards decorative art, the countries which have shown the most enterprize in that line (Germany and Austria) went straight to Glasgow for their themes and directing line. We have no sculptors, we never had. The public taste is shocking because we are, like those children in " Jude the Obscure," " too menny." The crowd rules. Their can be no taste in a monstrous agglomeration like London— I mean, no guiding taste, and once the vulgar dominates (by his numbers) so must bad taste. What is wrong with England is principally its too vast population, its too big cities. Muriel Ciolkowska. NIJINSKI To the Editor, The Egoist, Madam,—An unfortunate omission of the words " and others " in my letter made it appear that I held Mr. Montagu-Nathan alone responsible for the misspelling of the above name. It is possible that the dancer himself indulges in the same error, one which could not be committed by an educated man with a sense of his nationality, like, say,Mr. Paderewski. Mr. Nijinski is, however, to be excused, sharing his repute as he does with the theatrical company qualified as Russian. His sister, however, leaves the original Polish character to her name. More than ever these little things are important. C. M. "Greenwich Village" Greenwich Village! A republic in the air! A gathering of constantly changing men and women that have a past or have a future and live in both. Greenwich Village! Where genius starved and gave the world the best it had, where fortunes were squandered and fortunes made, where heavens of earthly bliss prevail and tortures of hell are suffered, where night and day ceased to be the regulating element of the world, where new ideas are developed into systems, into systems that will be overthrown to-morrow and substituted by others that will not live any longer. A SEMI-MONTHLY. Subscription, Two Dollars and Fifty Cents a year. FOR SALE at the Anglo-American Exchange, 3 Northumberland Avenue, London, S.W. Edited and published by Guido Bruno, at 58 Washington Square, New York.    Ten cents a number. THE POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington.   (8 pages) 2d. net (3d, post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the "Iphigeneia in Aulis " of Euripides: translated by H. D.   6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington.   4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready January) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected—and many translated for the first time in English: by James Whitall.   6d. net 7d. post free). 6. The " Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (yd. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—will be twelve or sixteen pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or yd. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. The pamphlets will be issued monthly. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Blooms-bury Street, W.C, or from Richard Aldington, 7 Christ Church Place, Hampstead, N.W. EDITORIAL. Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months,       3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months     1/9; U.S.A. S .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc, should be payable to The New Freewoman,   Ltd.,   and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion All advertisements must be prepaid. NOTICE The Editor is always glad to consider outside contributions, and they will be returned if accompanied by a stamped envelope. Contributions from abroad must be accompanied by English stamps or international coupons. No responsibility can be accepted for MSS. lost in transit. POETRY   BOOKSHOP  CHAPBOOKS READY DECEMBER 1st. IMAGES. By RICHARD ALDINGTON. 8d net (postage 1 d). CADENCES.   By F. S. FLINT.   8d net (postage 1d). ANTWERP. By FORD MADOX HUEFFER.  Decorated by WYNDHAM LEWIS.   3d net (postage 1d). CHILDREN OF LOVE.   By HAROLD MONRO. 6d net (postage 1d).   Second Impression. THE  POETRY  BOOKSHOP 35 Devonshire St., Theobalds Rd., London, W.C. " Et j'ai voulu la paix " POÈ MES Par ANDRÉ SPIRE Author of u Versets," " Vers les Routes Absurdes," etc. A little book of unpublished poems written just before and during the war. M. Spire has been in Nancy, within a few kilometres of the firing-line, since August 1914. The Egoist, in publishing these poems by as well known an author as M. Spire, hopes to reach that fairly numerous public in England which reads French, and hopes also to follow up this book with other small collections of new French poetry by the younger poets. Copies may be obtained from THE EGOIST, or from RICHARD ALDINGTON, 7 Christchurch Place, Hampstead, N.W, Price 6d net.      Postage 1d EDITION LIMITED TO 750 COPIES 196 THE EGOIST December 1, 1915 THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature,  Drama,  Music, Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE  REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning........................... Name............................................................ Address......................................................... THE DRAMA In the late autumn number of " The Drama ' there is much of exceeding interest to constant or casual followers of the stage. " Ben Jonson Entertains a Man from Stratford." A Poem.   By Edward Arlington Robinson. 44 The Stage."   By Rabindranath Tagore. "Los Intereses Creados."   A Puppet Play in three Acts.   By Benaventa. 44 Benavente,"   By Dr. Julius Brouta. 44 The Portmanteau Theatre." By Grace Humphrey (The Modern Drama Society). 44 The Evolution of the Actor." (II.) By Arthur Pollock. 44 Playing " Hamlet ' as Shakespeare Staged it in 1601." (II.) By Charlotte Porter. Short articles on new dramatic projects, reviews of books on the drama and of the newly published plays, and bibliographical material complete the number. Single copies, seventyfive cents Yearly Subscription, three dollars 736 MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO A Really Different Magazine The Phoenix MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution :— The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonavt :— All discerning persons read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post :— Very much alive, witty, honest, and frequently very Irish. Rochester Post Express:— To our thinking quite the most satisfying periodical of its kind. Troy Times :— Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. San Francisco Chronicle :— As full of paradox as Bernard Shaw, but whatever his faults, he is never dull. Chigago Post :— One of the few editors whose personal moods it is in the least possible to share. Brooklyn Eagle :— Will be appreciated by those who know the difference between literature and advertising. Subscription -   -  One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries   - $1.25 SOUTH NORWALK - CONN. U.S.A. SUBSCRIBE FOR POETRY Magazine = of Edited by HARRIET MONROE        Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- " The best Magazine—by far—in the English language/'—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. Most of the Imagists represented in The Egoist of May 1st were first published in Poetry, which has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. The only magazine devoted exclusively to this art. Subscribe at once—the April number begins Vol. VI. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's sub-cription, beginning.............................................................____ Name.................................................................................................. Address................................................................................................ Printed by Ballantyne, Hanson and Co. Ltd.. Tavistock Street, Covent Garden, W.C., and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.