The Crisis . The CRISIS NOVEMBER 191 8 TEN CENTS PER COPY ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR 3 President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Acting Chairman of Board. Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKfi DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of Publi REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JOHX' E. MILHOLLAND JAMES WELDON JOHNSON. Field Secre tary OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD WALTER F. WHITE, Assistant Secretary JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary MARY WHITE OVINGTON NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Boston Brooklyn PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES BUTLER R. WILSON MAJOR J. E. SPINGARN Baltimore New Haven CAPT. ARTHUR B. SPINGARN GEORGE W. CRAWFORD BISHOP JOHN HURST CHARLES H. STUDIN Buffalo Philadelphia DR. JOHN G UNDERHILL MARY B. TALBERT DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR LILLIAN D. WALD Springfield, Mass. St, Louis WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING REV. G. R. WALLER HON. CHARLES NAGEL Never before in the history of the country have the Colored People participated so fully in the nation's Responsibilities and Burdens, and never before has there been such an opportunity to secure through United and Rightful Effort full citizenship and equal opportunity for the Colored People of America. The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COL ORED PEOPLE has during the war demonstrated its usefulness to the Na tion and the Race. Present and future issues make it imperative that there be a comprehensive and intelligent organization that can voice the sentiments and desires of Colored Americans. Help to strengthen the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCE MENT OF COLORED PEOPLE to perform this work. We are now 40,000 strong. We ought to be 400,000 strong. Write for information about organizing a branch in your community. Date , 1918. The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, with the stipulation that one dollar of any amount remitted herewith in excess of one dollar is for one year's subscription to THE CRISIS. Name Street City and State. IKblAKfi UNIVERSITY OBBJIB* EIGHTH ANNIVERSARY NUMBER THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CON DUCTED BY W. E. BURCHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Vol. 17—No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1918 Whole No. 97 PICTURES Page COVER. "AT BAY." Reproduced from a painting made for THE CRISIS by William Edward Scott. BROADSIDE. Frederick Douglass and others, 1863 11 THE COLORED WOMA N IN INDUSTRY 13,15 MEN OF THE MONTH 28, 30 ARTICLES THE COLORED WOMA N IN INDUSTRY. Mary E. Jackson 12 MORNING LIGHT. A Poem. Mary Effie Lee 17 FINANCES OF THE N.A.A.C.P. John R. Shillady 18 RED CHANT . A Poem. Alfred Kremyborg 31 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 7 THE LOOKING GLASS 22 MEN OF THE MONTH 28 THE HORIZON 32 THE CHRISTMAS CRISIS A lovely cover in four colors by William Edward Scott: "The Flight into Egypt;" A Christmas story and Christmas cheer. Remember our Tercentenary Calendar for 1919. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN* SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be chanced as often as desired. In ordering a change nf address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must he accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2. 1910, at the tost office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service In Equipment and Teaching Force it is Not Surpassed by Any School for the Training of Colored Youth in the South. THE FALL TERM OPENED OCTOBER 1, 1918. For further information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina The Students' Army Training Corps, at Agricultural theThe Cheyney Train and Technical College ing School for begins October 15th, 1918 ALL COLORED MEN FROM 18 TO 21 YEARS OF AGE WHO HAVE A PUBLIC SCHOOL Teachers EDUCATION OR ITS EQUIVALENT SHOULD ENROLL IN THE STUDENTS' ARMY TRAINCHEYNEY, PENNA. ING CORPS. BOARD, LODGING, TUITION AND CLOTHES ARE FURNISHED AND ONE FOR REASONABLY MATURE STUDENTS DOLLAR A DAY PAID BY THE UNITED WHO HAVE A GOOD SECONDARY STATES GOVERNMENT. ARM Y OFFICERS SCHOOL PREPARATION, AND WHO DEWILL BE SELECTED FROM AMONG THE SIRE TO BECOME TEACHERS, COURSES MEN WHO ENROLL IN THE STUDENTS' ARE OFFERED DURING THE REGULAR ARM Y TRAINING CORPS. TERM IN ACADEMIC WORK, DOMESTIC THE MILITARY TRAINING WILL BE SUPSCIENCE, DOMESTIC ART, PHYSICAL PLEMENTED BY STRONG COURSES IN TRAINING, ELEMENTARY SCHOOL METH SANITATION, MATHEMATICS, SCIENCE, ODS, WOOD AND METAL WORKING, AND ENGLISH. AND AGRICULTURE. BOARD ROOM AND For further information Write today to LAUNDRY PRIVILEGES FOR THE YEAR, JAS. B. DUDLEY, PRESIDENT $125. FALL TERM BEGAN WEDNESGREENSBORO, N. C. DAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1918. Mention THE CUSIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University I* beautifully located In the City of Atlanta, Oa. li e oourisi of study luclude High School, Normal School and Collage, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teaoheri are graduate! of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellealey. Forty-nine years of successful work have been completed, Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally susoessful, For further Information address PRESIDENT EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTAj GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Horal and Spiritual Environment, A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work, Offers full courses In the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September IS, 1918. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. THE FLORIDA A. &amp; M. COLLEGE TALLAHASSEE, FLORIDA OFFERS LONG AND SHORT COURSES IN MECHANIC ARTS, IN HOME ECONOMICS IN AGRICULTURE, IN EDUCATION AND IN SCIENCE. For Citaiot AUtut NATHAN B . YOUNG, Preiident P. O. DRAWER 524 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two yea. a above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opened October 2, 1918. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for firk. under the direction OF the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia. Pa. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (FORMERLY ATLANTA BAPTIST COLLEGE) ATLANTA, GA COLLEGE, ACADEMY, DIVINITY SCHOOL AN INSTITUTION FAMOUS WITHIN RECENT YEARS FOR ITS EMPHASIS ON ALL SIDES OF MANLY DEVELOP MENT—THE ONLY INSTITUTION IN THE FAR SOUTH DEVOTED SOLELY TO THE EDUCATION OF NEGRO YOUNG MEN. GRADUATES GIVEN HIGH RANKING BY GREATEST NORTHERN UNIVERSITIES. DEBATING, Y . M . G A., ATHLETICS, ALL LIVE FEATURES. FOR INFORMATION ADDRESS JOHN HOPE, PRESIDENT WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS RECOGNIZED AS A COLLEGE OF THE FIRST CLASS by TEXAS AND LOUISIANA STATE BOARDS OF EDUCATION. HARVARD, YALE AND COLUMBIA REPRESENTED ON ITS FACULTY; STUDENTS GATH ERED FROM TEN DIFFERENT STATES. STRONGEST MUSIC DEPARTMENT IN THE WEST M W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. FOUNDED 1866 THOROUGH LITERARY, SCIENTIFIC, EDUCATIONAL, MUSICAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCE COURSES. PIONEER IN NEGRO MUSIC. SPECIAL STUDY IN NEGRO LIFE. IDEAL AND SANITARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS. WELL-EQUIPPED SCIENCE BUILDING. CHRISTIAN HOME LIFE. HIGH STANDARD OF INDEPENDENT MANHOOD AND FFOMANHOOD. FOR LITERATURE, ETC., WRITE ® FAYETTE AVERY MCKENZIE. PRESIDENT Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sanr athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Loeation central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nnrs. Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began October 1, 1918. t further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, Pr.eicUnt 1IUW J. I. mini, ITaalrmaa Trusts* Basra. Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religious Co-Edocalional School with i Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modem Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Cimriti of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session opening Octoher, 1918. rw ri.fr/iff Information Aidren D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E. Aggrey, Registrar. Wilberforce University WILBERFORCE, OHI O {Established 18S6) The school with the recognized Military Department. A strong and thorough course in Military Science and Tactics given all male students, by regular U. S. officer. Graduates in great demand by U. S. Government for selected service. Given quota of 20 men for Fourth Officers' Training Camp, Ft. Dodge, la. Courses of Study—College (Scientific, Classical and Educational) ; Normal (Elementary and Industrial Teachers) and Vocational; Theological (Regular and English); Academy —Four years with diploma. $40,000.00 gymnasium just completed. School opened September 17th. For information address W.	 S. SCARBOROUGH, President. Mention BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE, N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Depart ments—High School, Arts and Sciences Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific. German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. Thefirst is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught in the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. Far further information, address President H. L. McCrorey, Charlotte. N. C. J.	 BRICK AGRICULTURAL, INDUSTRIAL AND NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS. Edgecombe County, N. C. {On A. C. L. R. R.) This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing. Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. A Two Year Teacher-Training Course Is Open To High School Graduates. Teachers and officers, 22; enrollment, 315— boarders, 212. Cottages and buildings, 23. School farm, 1129 }•&lt; acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 33 weeks. Environment fine. Telephone and telegraph Enfield, N. C. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. TH E SLATER INDUSTRIAL AN D STATE NORMAL SCHOOL For Colored Youth of Both Sexea WINSTON-SALEM, N, C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses In Academic Subjects, In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II.	 -Graduates receive the Teacher's Certificate. Ill	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV. Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem. N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different ttatei. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana. Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President Educational Institutions Continued on page 38 TH E CRISIS Vol. 17-No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1918 Whole No. 97 Opinion W.E. B. Dubois THE ENLARGED CRISIS INCE the last issue of The Crisis, the National War In dustries Board has notified all publishers that on account of the severe stringency in the supply of print paper, magazines can use next year only ninety per cent of the amount of paper used last year. To enlarge Th e Crisis under these conditions would mean the cutting of our circulation from over 80,000 to less than 54,000 copies. As this is inadvisable, we must, with great regret, postpone our enlargement until further notice. There will, therefore, be no change in the size or price of The Crisis until the present paper stringency has passed. FLAMING ARROWS was a tremendous speech that Woodrow Wilson made in New York City, September 27, 1918. On one point alone was its meaning vague to us of the darker world, who listened with bated breath. Listen to these words: "Shall the military power of any nation or group of nations be suffered to determine the fortunea of peoples over whom they have no right to rule, except the right of force? "Shall strong nations be free to wrong nations and make them subject to their purpose and interest? "Shall peoples be ruled and dominated, even in their own internal affairs, by arbitrary and irresponsible force, or by their own will and choice? "Shall there be a common standard of right and privilege for all peoples and nations, or shall the strong do as they will and the weak suffer without redress?" Is it possible that these flaming arrows were not aimed at the Vardamans in Mississippi as well as at Huns in Europe? Is it thinkable that President Wilson did not have clearly in mind Kamerun as well as Servia? It is neither possible nor thinkable if English is English and Justice is Justice, and with this true, Mr. Wilson's speech is one of the half dozen significant utterances of human history. THE S.A. T. C. N September 19, PL M. Hughes, Regional Educational Direc tor of "the Students' Army Training Corps, suggested that no colored students be received into the training classes of white colleges, on the ground that it was "contrary to army regulations for white and colored to be housed in the same barracks." On September 23, colored students at Ohio State University and elsewhere were ordered to fall out of ranks and go to colored schools. On September 24, the N. A. A. C. P. telegraphed Hughes and the War Department, at Washington. On September 27, Hughes wired the N. A. A. C. P.: "Following telegram just received from Washington relative to Negro students—'Negroes may be admitted when usual custom of instruction.' Information sent today to colleges of Ohio and West Virginia." Selah! THE CRISIS SOLDIERS SLOWLY but surely the effort of the Government to satisfy just Negro public opinion increases: The registration card for the selective draft omits the inexcusable discrimination attached to the first registration; a colored correspondent has been sent to the front by the Public Information Bureau; a loan to Liberia has been announced; Haiti and Liberia were prominently featured among the Allies during Liberty Loan weeks; colored colleges have been designated as official military training schools, and there will be a colored man on the War Service Commission soon to go abroad. There still remains a number of matters which we are hopeful that the Government will soon notice: First, is the wasteful practice of inducting numbers of trained and experienced colored physicians into the army as privates; and, secondly, there are the points so ably brought out by the Thirkield Committee and published elsewhere in this issue. They have to do chiefly with the military training of service battalions, the appointment of more colored commissioned and non-commissioned officers, and the question of illiteracy. Meantime, the Negro race can take peculiar pride, not only in its unfaltering loyalty, but in the recognition that its troops are gaining abroad. The 349th Field Artillery Regiment, composed of colored men, on its departure from a French city received the following letter from the Mayor: "From the very day of its arrival, your regiment by its behavior and its military appearance, excited the admiration of us all. Of the sojourn of yourself and your colored soldiers amongst us, we will keep the best memory and remember your regiment as a picked one. From the beginning a real brotherhood was established between your soldiers and our people who are glad to welcome the gallant Allies of our France. Having learned to know them, the whole population holds them in great esteem and we all join in saying the best of them. I hope that the white troops replacing your regiment will give us equal satisfaction, but whatever their attitude may be, they cannot surpass your 349TH Field Artillery." It is natural to remember that Captain Roy Nash, formerly secretary of the N. A. A. C. P., is with this regiment, together with a number of colored officers. THE COLORED VOTER HIS is the month of elections. The colored people have long had the habit of considering that the so-called "off-year" in elections is of little importance, and that the important thing is the Presidential election. No greater mistake could well be made. One might almost say that in normal times it makes no difference who is President of the United States, but it makes every difference to every single American who is his Alderman, who is Mayor, who is his member of the Legislature, and his Governor, and above all, who is his Congressman. Let every colored man and woman who can vote see to it that they know the records of the persons who are candidates for these local offices and that they vote for no man who is not demonstrably and unequivocally loyal to the Government and loyal to the rights of American citizens of Negro descent. For instance: the Second Congressional District of New York, covering the large Negro populations 'of Flushing and Jamaica, is represented in Congress by Charles Pope Caldwell. Mr. Caldwell was born in Texas. When a delegation of colored women, including the widow of a former United States Senator, the wife of a United States Consul in France, and the wife of a Municipal Judge, asked for a hearing before a congressional committee in order to urge the appointment of Negro officers in the army, this man Caldwell "contemptuously threw down OPINION their cards, which he had been holding in his hand, and emphatically said he would never vote for a colored man to be an officer; whereupon he angrily turned upon his heel and strode away." It does not make an iota of difference what party Caldwell represents, he must be defeated. On the other hand, in New York State colored voters have to choose between Whitman and Smith. Both of them have excellent records so far as the colored people are concerned, and a choice calls for thoughtful consideration along lines outside of racial matters. ILETTERS A YOUNG southern white woman writes us: "Several influential women of the South of my acquaintance have decided to write the Presi dent concerning the things we hope to see won for the Negro in our national government in the near future. ' This, we feel, may do something in creating through Mr. Wilson's influence the state of affairs we hope to see. Would you mind outlining for me the questions that most need to have attention given?" To which TH E CRISIS has replied: "1. Disfranchisement of educated Negroes in the South. "2. The 'Jim-Crow' car system by which we are compelled to pay first-class fares for third-class accommodations, and usually denial of Pullman car accommodations. "3. The neglect of Negro education, including inadequate school facilities and lack of adequate attention to high schools and colleges. "4. The double standard of justice in the courts, and especially lynch law. "5. The denial of industrial opportunity and the double standard of wages. "6. The lack of protection for colored women, girls and children. "7. The neglect of sanitation and public health measures, physical and moral, particularly in Negro residential sections. "We trust that you may be able to get a strong statement from southern white women in opposition to some or all of these grievances." It will be a glad day for America when southern white women recognize their clear duty toward the Negro. A RINGING CALL TO DUTY THE speech of Moorfield Storey, our honored president, before the Wisconsin Bar Association was a ringing call to duty. It has been printed in a thirty-page pamphlet by the N. A. A. C . P. to sell at ten cents, with large reductions to agents. It closes with these mighty words: "The men in the communities where lynchings occur, who are silent, must confess either that they approve the crimes or are too cowardly or too selfish to make a public protest. The ruffians are essentially weak—they are cowards, or they would not treat as they do their helpless victims. Public opinion, the strongest force in any country, once aroused and expressed would stop these outrages. There is no man in this country, North or South, in Massachusetts and Wisconsin as well as in Louisiana or Mississippi, who is not bound to help rouse this public opinion. If we are silent, we also must admit that we are cowardly or indifferent, or that we approve. Either attitude should be impossible. Let us speak out and keep speaking out until our condemnation is felt by every community, and the men who now commit these hideous barbarities learn from what "ve say that this country cannot tolerate them "With cheerful readiness and loyalty they [the Negroes] have come forward at our call. They have been met with jeers from many quarters, with insults, with the suggestion from high officers that they should not exercise their legal rights for fear of exciting unjust race prejudice, with proposals that they should serve as laborers and not as soldiers, but notwithstanding all these things they have never failed or faltered "We owe it to them—we owe it to ourselves—that, while they are giving their lives abroad to make the world safe for democracy, we should do our part to make this country safe for their kindred at home, or, to quote a better phrase, we should 'make America safe for Americans.'" CO-OPERATION THE first convention of Amer ican co-operators was held in Springfield, 111., September 25 to 27. This is one of many significant results of the war. In Russia, the leader, Tschaikovsky, notes "with satisfaction the multiplication and expansion during recent years of the co-operative societies." \ THE CRISIS In France, Charles Gide tells us that "although the war is covering the world with ruin, it is nevertheless giving an amazing emphasis to the cooperative movement." What is this thing which may be the greatest result of the war ? Whatever it is, it is worth study. The Negro Co-operative Guild proposes to spend the year 1919 in encouraging as many American Negroes as possible to study modern consumers' cooperation. If you are interested, write us immediately. AMERICAN FEDERATION OF LABOR "G. W. Millner, a "0 n e conference Negro, who reprein the Detroit dissented about 1,000 pute alread y has other workers of his been held and in a own race at the refew days the leaders cent A. F. of L. conof the men will be vention, believes that called to the inter-the condition of Neurban offices again gro labor has proin the hope that they fited greatly of late, will modify their principally through position indorsed by the aid of the Amerthe International ican Federation of Union, which they Labor. There were outlined at the first three other. Negro session as follows: delegates to the con'No further employvention and their ment of Negroes. presence showed conNo objection to the clusively that the hiring of women procolor line is no longviding the company er drawn in labor's does not attempt to ranks." interfere with the present seniority Division of Pub rules, which permit licity, U. S . De employees to select partment of La runs in order deterbor. mined by length of service.' " Detroit Free Press. PATRIOTISM CURIOUS, indeed, has been the transformation in the souls of most Americans during this war. Before the war nobody loved America. The very phrase seemed maudlin and unintelligent. We loved Justice and Freedom ; we sought reform and uplift in politics, health protection; a nobler art, less class dislike, no race hatred; and we hoped for universal education ; but our country? We scarcely had a country—we willed a whole world. And yet, beneath all this, logically we did love our country because we deemed it capable of realizing our dreams and inspiring the greater world. Else one would no longer have dreamed or worked here. We would have sought a Land of Promise. But did American Socialists emigrate to Germany? No, German Socialists came to America, and worked and believed that here the injustices of private wealth could best and most quickly be remedied. Russian Revolutionists found here no Utopia, but at least a sanctuary and hope which they could not find in Russia. Did Negroes leave America for Mexico, or the West Indies, or Africa? No, they became insulted at the mere suggestion. Despite horrible wrongs, they believed it eventually possible to realize here in America all their highest hopes and aspirations. So with every man who has toiled in this land for higher and better things—even those who longed for the Peace of God, which in these heavy days passeth understanding— all loved and loved passionately not America, but what America might be —the Real America, as we sometimes said. Men work and fight and sweat for a dream only because they believe it possible. Are the dreams of America less possible now that we fight for common decency in international affairs than before when we strove for highest things within the nation? If leaving the arena of the heart and intellect, we are forced to contend like very beasts, is the fighting any less necessary? Rather is the call of duty infinitely higher when with gun and knife and clenched hand, we are compelled to strive not simply for the higher life, but for life itself. On some such foundation is building the new Patriotism in America and in the World. OPINION 'NOW OR NEVER!" BLACK men of America, if today Frederick Douglass and E. men of color D. Bassett, Stephen Smith and O. V. Catto To Arms! To Arms! and James Need-ham arose from the dead and spoke to you, would you listen ? If they said, "To arms! NOW OR NEVER THREE YEARS' SERVICETo! arms! Now or Never"! in the great battle for World Liberty, would you heed? Would you hasten to "silence the battles of liberty and the union fail now or our race ISDOOME tongue of calumny, of prejudice and hate" and summon SILENCE THE TONGUE OF CALUMNY every ounce of Negro "Valor an d Heroism" to beat back the VALORAND heroism menace of the Hun? Fifty- PORT HUDSON AND MlLLikens BEND. eight years ago Frederick Douglass and his fel ARE FREEMEN LESS BRAVE THAN SLAVES lows appealed to your fathers and grandfath our last opportunity has come ers— to men whose grievanc mm OF COLOR BROTHERS AND FATHERS! es were to ours as Night to Dawn. They re We APPEAL TO YOU! sponded a n d won their freedom on the field of battle. Arc Free Men Less Brave Than Slaves ? Men of color, brothers and fa BROADSIDE ISSUED IN 1863 thers, we appeal Reproduced by permission from the Collection of Col. John Page Nicholson. to you! THE COLORED WOMAN IN INDUSTRY MARY E. JACKSON JUS T as colored men are going into the Army, so colored women are being recruited into industry. Thousands and thousands of eager boys have gone to France; we all know about them. Few of us realize that at the same time an army of women is entering mills, factories and all other branches of industry. I undertook an industrial survey of these women for the National Board of the Young Women's Christian Association. I investi gated the increasing numbers employed, the kinds of work, wages, working conditions, what has been done, and what more can be done to raise the efficiency of the workers. At the same time I began in each city the organization of industrial women into clubs. A great alteration has come in manufacturing sections like Philadelphia, Baltimore, Cleveland, St. Louis, Louisville, Detroit and Chicago. The shifting of so many thousands of Negro laborers and their families from the South during the past two years, has brought a large supply of women's labor into these districts, where it is much needed. The matter is well summed up in a letter from Rachel S. Gallagher, Director of the City Free Labor Exchange, Cleveland, Ohio, written in the spring: "If you had asked me two years ago about the colored girls as wage earners, in Cleveland, I would have told you that they could be found in housework, as laundresses and cleaning women, as maids, in a few cases in banks and offices, and there were a few employed by a cigar box manufacturing concern. "Today, however, when I started to list the firms where they were employed, I found that they-had entered nearly every field of women's work, and some work where women had not previously been employed. To be sure, at times in small numbers, but they have made an entrance. "We find them on power sewing machines, making caps, waists, bags and mops; we find them doing pressing and various hand operations in these same shops. They are employed in knitting factories as winders, in a number of laundries on mangles of every type, and in sorting and marking. They are in paper box factories doing both hand and machine work, in button factories on the button machines, in packing houses packing meat, in railroad yards wiping and cleaning engines, and doing sorting in railroad shops. They are found in cigar factories stripping and packing, and in an elect: ical supply manufacturing plant doing hard work. One of our workers recently found two colored girls on a knotting machine in a bed spring factory, putting the knots in the wire springs." In Louisville, probably between two and three thousand women are employed in laundries, preserving companies and factories, manufacturing overalls, feathers, wool, chairs and tobacco. It is in the tobacco factory that Louisville finds its acute industrial conditions. Sometimes large numbers of women are employed and sometimes only a few. For instance, in Kansas City, 542 women are employed in packing plants. In St. Louis, nut factories have about 2,000, while two bag factories employ about 120. In most places they come in slowly. In Philadelphia, a pantaloon factory has two girls pulling bastings, a petticoat factory numbers three colored women out of twenty women; a dress factory, two Out of twelve; a waist maker, five out of fifty; a hosiery mill, five out of thirty-two. Whether they enter in large numbers or singly, it is sure that they are in industry to stay, and their working conditions have become of vital importance, not only to them but to the nation at large. The Ohio letter mentions only a few of the lines of work in which we find women newly employed. They are in both the skilled and unskilled trades. This comes out clearly in a report from Pittsburgh, where two different factories are especially mentioned. A garment factory making raincoats for the Government has had about twenty girls. They are careful to employ the better educated type of girl, but they work on a separate floor and do not mingle with the white girls who are prejudiced against them. 12 THE COLORED WOMAN IN INDUSTRY A Colored girl of Detroit working Wages and conditions, however, are exactlythe same for both. The work is machinesewing and sticking with glue. The othercompany, which uses untrained labor, hasemployed colored girls for three years, on a Punch Press at $4.60 per Day. About fifty of the seventy-five girls they  employ are colored. The other girls are  foreign, evidently low grade labor. The  work is picking and sorting rags, papers,  bottles, etc. Wages and conditions are the THE CRISIS same for both races. They work together and apparently there is no antagonism on either side. The change brought about by war conditions is in many cases spectacular. Women are working in the tobacco fields in Connecticut; Indiana reports them in glass works; in Ohio, they are found on the night shifts of glass works; cotton chopping and harvesting claim them in Texas; they have gone into the pottery works in Virginia; wood-working plants and lumber yards have called for their help in Tennessee, while in St. Louis, where the special investigation has been carried further than in the other places, they dip tile in roofing plants, shovel rock into wagons in clay yards, truck brick and load scrap iron; on railroads they are utilized as section hands and engine wipers. So great a change as this deserves close attention in the matter of wages and of working conditions. Wages among women are unstandardized. There are several reasons for this: In the first place, the labor of colored' women is almost entirely unorganized. The attitude of the unions toward them is evasive. Of the six labor secretaries with whom I talked last December, in New York City, only one set up any objection to colored members. The others agreed that the colored woman was not only welcome to the unions but that she must be made to see the mutual advantage of her joining. But the fact remains that there is practically no colored membership. In the 30,000 members of the Ladies' Waist and Dressmakers, only about one hundred are colored, although the needle trades stand first among those which the colored women are now entering so rapidly. A significant and encouraging incident, however, was reported from Philadelphia, in the early summer. A strike was called by this union in an establishment where colored girls were being paid one cent, for which white girls had been paid three cents. The colored girls promptly joined the strike and the union and the pay was raised. Again, at this period much of the colored labor is unskilled, and unskilled labor is helpless in the matter of wages unless organized. Then, too, in many of the industries the women are beginners and, therefore, unable to rleal with the situation intelligently. Added to this is the general assumption that women should be grateful to be paid anything at ALL AND that their wages have no relation to their standard of living. Piled on top of all of these disadvantages is the fact that the women belong to the Negro race. Some people have actually said that the standards of Negro life are so much lower than those of the white that the colored woman does not need as high a rate of wage. The most encouraging case that I have come across was in a Detroit factory, where we found one colored girl making as much as $4.50 a day working at a punch press. In startling contrast to this is the small amount paid for unskilled work. In nut-shelling factories, where the women pick out the meats after the shells have been cracked by machinery, a woman makes from $6.00 to $7.00 a week. She is paid ten cents a pound for whole meats and five cents a pound for broken meats. Although it is possible for a woman to make as much as $12.00 a week, this seldom happens. In another big factory the women's wage was until recently only $6.00 a week. When I was lecturing to a group of business women of that city, I mentioned the very low pay of this factory. By good fortune the welfare worker, a white woman, who has an equal interest in the welfare of the colored workers, was present. She took the matter up with the manager of the' factory and the $1.00 a week raise was announced. The pay for heavy unskilled work, formerly performed by men, is higher than the rate paid for what has been known as women's work, although unusually lower than the amount which men received for the same work. The following figures illustrate this: Work W 'ages Dipping in glaze and stacking . . „ 9 hr. day at 25c, hr. Clipping impurities from clay shoveling and $2.on to $2.50 (Men's wheeling rock ,vage $ 3 00/ ) Shoveling clav. trucking brick, etc $8.S© to $2.75. reeding brick to furnace, rolling clay halls 9 lir. day at 30c hr Loading scrap iron 9 hr. day at 30c.' hi. Bonus of S per cent a -week if not absent One must not rely upon the given rate because it is so nibbled away by absences, perhaps because of the unhealthy nature of the work, by fines, and various othe:methods. In many cases the workers them Colored Women of St. Louis working in Lumber Yards selves do not realize how much less th?y receive than the regular rate. The serious part of this matter is that woman ase undercutting men in wages. TfolB has the effect of lowering wages all over the country. Of course, women have always done this. Every possible precaution must be taken to avoid it. A protest has been sent in one state to the Director-General of Railroads, pointing out that women were being employed in freight yards and round-houses for twenty-two cents an hour, while men were paid thirty cents an hour for the same work. THE CRISIS The working conditions vary as much as the wages. When large numbers of colored girls are employed, they usually work in rooms separate from those of the white girls. When there are any hazards or disadvantages, it is the colored woman who is subjected to them. Conditions depend absolutely upon the attitude of the firm. Some old, well-established companies provide equally well for all women. One firm which I found in the West, under the guidance of an expert welfare worker, has provided for white and colored women alike: lunch rooms, shower baths, a circulating library and dressing rooms with steel lockers. The tobacco factories all through the South have very bad conditions. I was once shown a coat room as if it were a remarkable concession on the part of the management. As a rule the women sit at their work stripping the tobacco while they eat their luncheon to eke out their meagre pay. The same factory which raised the wages, although it has at present most unhygienic conditions, is about to put up a new building in which the colored women are to have the same good accommodations that are provided for the white workers. A letter from a small Kansas city presents a situation which must be occurring in many places: "We have about fifteen colored girls working at our Santa Fe Railroad Round-House wiping engines. The hours are from seven until five and the wages two dollars and forty-seven and a half cents a day. These are the only women working in the shops. They are forced to walk almost two miles in their greasy overalls to their rooming places as a colored person cannot rent a house near the shops. Their own people are too poor to board them so they are forced to prepare their own meal when they get home, wash their clothes and prepare their lunch for the morrow. "We plan, if possible, to rent a small house in that vicinity where the girls may change their clothes and rest." All working conditions have a direct bearing upon the amount of work turned out. For instance, I noticed one day on the street car a colored girl whose stained hands indicated that she was working In dye. Sh« told me that fifty girls were taking men's places dyeing furs. They lifted the pelts from the hot vats and hung them up. Dur ing the hot weather this work was almost intolerable. The employer had promised $10.00 a week, but he did not give it. He soon shifted the newcomer on to piece work. If she stayed long enough, she might be able to make from $15.00 to $18.00 a week; but no one could stand it longer than one or two weeks. The result was a huge labor turnover. Of course, the bad conditions were responsible for this, but the employer said it was because colored labor was un stable. The altering of the bad phases of employment depends in the end upon the progress of education. We must educate the public, the employers and the girls themselves. It is especially important that leaders among colored people—like ministers, club leaders, teachers, social workers—thoroughly inform themselves on this matter, which is of more than momentary importance. Last summer the Young Women's Christian Association had this far-reaching vision, realizing that such work was both a war measure and a preparation for after the war. Now is an especially good time to present the matter to the general public in the proper light, because it is now to the national advantage to give the Negro a square deal. Employers must be won to employ colored girls. Sometimes we are able to obtain from a Chamber of Commerce a list of manufacturers who might be willing to take on colored help. The accomplishment of one worker shows how much can be accomplished by patience, ability, tact and persistence. She opened fifteen factories, including cigar factories, packing and novelty companies, clothing companies, knitting mills, trunk factories, a foundry, a toy factory, an undergarment manufactory and a fur factory, and placed 346 women in them. Individual girls can accomplish much if they go about it the right way. A girl walked into a wholesale drug company in a southern city and asked for work. She was taken on as an experiment. A few days later she brought six friends with her. They all made good. By the time the Y. W. C. A. investigator got around to that store, twenty were working there and the superintendent promised to take thirty-five more to fill capsules and label bottles. Tho best of all was that he bore witness to the girls' good work by saying: MORNING LIGHT "Show the colored girl what you want done, and she does it quicker and better than the white girl." All this effort, of course, is of no value unless the girls give satisfaction. We must educate them both to individual effort and to group effort. Girls come to me constantly for interviews about their industrial future. It is natural that they should become discouraged. When a girl has been refused positions time and again, she may not have the persistence to apply at the very time that she would be accepted. We found, for instance, a graduate of a normal school mending bags at $6.00 a week. She needed our encouragement and assistance to get into a position in which she could use her ability. In one city we found in three office buildings twenty-six high school girls who were r.nswering telephones and dusting, at. an average wage of $5.00 a week without any lope of further advancement. Girls like liese must be encouraged to further effort. The one' greatest barrier of all lies in their own minds. Before outside obstacles may be overcome, we must convince the girl of the possibility of success. The group education is equally important. The colored girl has never before been held responsible to other girls and to the community. She is now in a new relation toward her country. She must come to see that she is no longer "different;" she must learn to look upon herself as a part of a unit. The future of all girls rests partly upon the accomplishment of the individual girl. The supervision of colored factory girls by colored forewomen is of the utmost importance. The girls are more efficient and have more interest in their work because the forewoman herself is interested in what they accomplish. I found this strikingly illustrated in one factory where one room full of girls was under the charge of a white forewoman while the second was under the charge of a colored woman. In the first room, a happy-go-lucky atmosphere prevailed ; in the second :.oom, the girls were quiet and industrious. The forewoman had pride in her room. She set a certain standard for girls to live up to. The Young Women's Christian Association is organizing clubs among the workers of all factories as rapidly as possible. These clubs offer constructive, continuous recreation which is linked up to the community needs. Organization is, after all, the solution of industrial problems, and every possible method of achieving it must be utilized. MORNING LIGHT (The Dew-drier) MARY EFFIE LEE T is a custom in some parts of Africa for travelers into the jungles to send before them in the early morning little African boys called "Dew-driers" to brush with their bodies the dew from the high grasses—and be, perchance, the first to meet the leopard's or hyena's challenge—and so open the road. "Human Brooms," Dan Crawford Calls them. Brother to the firefly— 'For as the firefly lights the night So lights he the morning— Bathed in the dank dews as he goes forth Through heavy menace and mystery Of half-waking tropic dawns, Behold a little black boy, a naked black boy, Sweeping aside with his slight frame Night's pregnant tears, And making a morning path to the light For the tropic traveler! Bathed in the blood of battle, Treading toward a new morning, May not his race—its body long bared to the world's disdain, Its face schooled to smile for a light to come— May not his race, even as the dew-boy leads, Bear onward the world toward a new day- dawn When t'" ;ance, forgiveness, Such as reigned in the heart of One Whose heart was gold, Shall shape the earth for that fresh dawn ing After the dews of blood? FINANCES OF THE N. A. A. C. P. John R. Shillady, Secretary A CO-OPERATIVE ENTERPRISE HE National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is a cooperative enterprise. Unlike many organizations devoted to the improvement of conditions among the great mass of the people in whose interests it is conducted, the Association receives its income, not so much from the large contributions of the well-todo, as from the combined smaller givings of the multitude. This does not mean that the Association has no large givers among its clientele of supporters but that the great bulk of its support comes from the many. Nor does it mean that the Association is not in need, nor in receipt, of some contributions of relatively large amounts. A few of its cherished supporters contribute as much as SI.000 annually. These givers of large amounts have always been, and still are, so few that they may be counted on the fingers of one hand. In fact, only fourteen contributions of $100 and over have been made by individuals during the first nine months of 1918. During the same period, net receipts from branch memberships totalled $18,790; from "members at large." a classification which includes all contributors other than branch members. $5,450*; and from all other sources, $702.** On October 1, 1918. the Association had a total membership of 39,639 distributed among 142 branches and 1.217 "members at large." These branches are located in 38 states of the United States and in the Canal Zone, Philippine Islands and Canada, each cf the latter three areas having one small branch. Fifty-eight of the branches, with 16,163 members, are in the 16 Southern States and the District of Columbia. The District of Columbia Branch (6.S00 members) is the largest branch in the Association, followed -Includes SfiTfi.C.P contributed by the District of Columbia Branch. ** These contributions were to the Association's General Fund. In addition the Association has certain special funds none of which amounts in the anqregate to more than $200 except the Antt-Lynching Pirn J to which contributions were received during the same period to the amount of $1,050. by Boston (2,580 members) as the second largest. The annual membership fee paid by the branch members is from one dollar upwards. The number paying more than one dollar is small, so that the great bulk of branch memberships may be regarded as furnishing an available gross income of one dollar per member annually. But, of this one dollar, fifty cents is retained by the branch for its purely local needs. The national work, therefore, is financed, so far as branch memberships are concerned, from the fund obtained by remittances of fifty cents per branch member from branch treasurers. The exception to be made to this statement of the Association's income from branch memberships, is that a goodly number of branch members, although a small percentage of the total, are included among those who pay more than one dollar. It will at once be obvious that unless the cost of collection is small, the expense attached to securing these fifty cent memberships will be an alarming percentage of total receipts. As a matter of fact, the cost of collection is reduced to a minimum by the fact that the collection of membership fees is made by the branches almost without cost to the National Office by the devoted and unpaid labors of branch officers. EXPENDITURES FOR 1918 The Association's expenditures from its general fund for the first nine months of 1918 amounted in the aggregate to $16,675. Additional expenditures for anti-lynching work totalled $3,192 and for other special purposes, S71. The former of these ex penditures was made from the anti-lynching fund, the latter from the MacLean Memo rial Fund. The expenditures for printing and dis tributing The Crisis are not included in the above totals for the reason that the Association's official organ since January, 1918, has been self-supporting, no longer depending upon assistance from the gen eral funds of the Association for any part of its support. One dollar of each'mem bership fee or contribution of two dollars or more, is applied to The Crisis account IS FINANCES OF THE N. A. A. C. JF\ as a separate and distinct subscription item. All other expenditures for Association work, whether for printing or publicity, or for whatever purpose, are included in the totals given above. To readers of THE CRISIS the general purpose and work of the Association will be sufficiently well known to make extended explanation unnecessary. Nevertheless, we direct attention to certain specific items of expenditure for purposes to which we shall allude more at length in succeeding paragraphs under the heading, "Budget for 1919." ANTI-LYNCHING WORK The Association's anti-lynching work is supported from the proceeds of a special fund amounting at its inception to approximately $10,000. This fund was started through the generous offer of Mr. Francis G. Peabody of Boston, made in 1316, to contribute $1,000, provided $10,000 could be raised for the purpose within a specified period. President Storey immediately added another $1,000. With other contributions from both races and with the whole-hearted efforts of the branches, the amount was completed in October, 1916. The use of this fund has enabled the Association to investigate at first hand some of the more atrocious lynchings of recent years and to publish the facts as found by the investigator, without bias and without coloring. During the present year lynchings have been investigated at Estill Springs, Tenn., at Fayetteville, Ga., and in Brooks and Lowndes Counties, Ga. From this fund, also, appropriations have been made to the East St. Louis Riot funds and to a southern enterprise, intended to work, through the establishment of better race relations, toward the prevention of lynching. Because of the peculiar condition of prejudice in that region, the Association's aid was given anonymously. Since the present secretary has been responsible for the executive direction of the Association's affairs, the practice has been followed of inquiring of the Governor of the state in which a lynching has occurred, what steps had been taken or were contemplated by the authorities to apprehend the members of lynching mobs whose actions so disgraced the state by such open flouting of the established agencies of law and order. In a number of cases appeal was made to the leading chambers of commerce of the offending states to join in urging the Governor and local authorities to take action to vindicate the law. In each case publicity was given to the Association's inquiry and protest through press "stories" furnished to the press services and the daily papers. Some research work, aside from investigation of specific cases, has been done in order that the Association might have as complete records of lynchings as possible. Among other things, the files of the leading newspapers of the country for a period of years have been read and the facts concerning lynchings therein reported have been tabulated. On occasion, special memoranda have been prepared and submitted to the President, to the executive committee of the American Bar Association, to the Attorney General of the United States and for similar purposes. BUDGET FOR 1919 For 1919, the Association needs a net income of at least $50,000. Heretofore the annual income has not reached one-half of this amount, except for the present year. Fifty thousand dollars is set as the minimum amount to be reached in 1919, not because this amount is regarded as adequate for all purposes, but because it is attainable with reasonably determined efforts to secure it. The estimated amounts included in the proposed 1919 budget of $50,000 are: For the administrative work of the National Office, approximately $15,000; for educational and publicity work, some $10,000; for legal and legislative work, $7,000; for field work (branch organization and special investigation), $12,000; and for general office expense, some $6,000. THE ADMINISTRATIVE WORK OF THE NATIONAL OFFICE Under this heading is included the general directive and supervisory work of the secretary and his administrative assistants. An important department of the Association's activities is that of stimulating and supervising the work of the branches, now numbering 142. Beginning in November, the acting Chairman of the Board, Miss Mary White Ovington, will devote her full time, without compensation, to the newly created Department of Branch Affairs of which she will be the head. This department will keep THE CRISIS up a constant contact, through the Branch Bulletin and through correspondence, with the branches. The Association possesses in the branches an agency for furthering the advancement of colored people along the lines of the Association's program, which is unique. Many national organizations would consider it justifiable to spend relatively large sums of money in the development of local co-operation and support. The N. A. A. C. P., organized as it is along the most democratic lines, has an opportunity through the branches to develop and hold a nation-wide organization of the forces which, properly co-ordinated and acting in unison, can be depended upon to insure in an increasing degree substantial constructive achievements in the nation at large and in the local communities. The importance of developing the general contact of the branches with the National Office is emphasized by the remarkable growth of the Association within the last six months from a membership of less than 10,000 to 40,000. In the September and October issues of the Branch Bulletin a practical fall and winter program has been outlined for the work of the branches. Concrete and definite methods of linking up more closely with the National Office have been suggested. These include the reporting promptly of branch activities to the National Office; immediate attention to requests from the National Office for co-operation on definite matters; suggestions for the conduct of meetings and the subjects to be considered at regular and special meetings; the dissemination among the branches of a knowledge of the National Office's educational and publicity work and of special pamphlet literature; and more particularly, an outline of a "Forum Plan" for the study and presentation of specific problems relating' to the welfare of colored people and having to do with their relation to their fellow citizens and to the nation at large. Six specific subjects have been suggested for monthly meetings. In connection with the subjects suggested carefully prepared bibliographies of a practical character have been planned. The subjects outlined for the branches to take up are: Knowing	 Your Own Community (A study of local conditions with particular reference to colored people). Music and the Negro. The Negro and Labor. The Negro Soldier (Including the re lation of the Negro to the war and war activities). The Status of Women (Including the social, economic and political aspects of the subject). The Negro in Literature and Art. EDUCATIONAL AND PUBLICITY WORK The increased income contemplated by a $50,000 budget for 1919, will enable the Association to add to its staff a Publicity Secretary and a Research Secretary. One of the most remarkable anomalies of American life, even in northern communities, is the almost complete lack of contact between the white and colored elements of the population. Astounding as it might seem, it is nevertheless true that a highly intelligent and well read white citizen might pass his whole life in a typical American community, whether North or South, with only the most superficial knowledge of what is going on among his fellow Americans of darker skin. In a democracy all progress depends upon public opinion. It is fatal to the best interests of democratic development to allow the interests and legitimate aspirations of nearly 12,000,000 colored Americans to be hindered by a lack of knowledge on the part of the white citizens of affairs in the colored world. Educational and publicity work, therefore, is of the utmost importance. The Association at present has a news service by which press stories are released to white and colored papers. The more wide-spread distribution of informative pamphlet literature would be of great value to the cause of colored people. One trained publicity man, giving his whole time to developing our educational and publicity work, would add immensely to its success. The kind of publicity which the Association regards as most important is the dissemination of information and not mere preaching and propaganda, however valuable these two latter may be. A research worker could search out and assemble available data concerning the multiform activities of colored people—their really valuable part in the great war; their contributions to the industrial life; the conditions under which they live; the political FINANCES OF THE N. A. A. C P. and economic disabilities from which they suffer and which, until redressed, impede the progress of democracy. Both the research worker and the publicity worker could make more effective our anti-lynching campaign. LEGAL AND LEGISLATIVE WORK The Association needs to supplement the volunteer services of busy members of its Board with the full-time services of a trained lawyer and with a special depart ment which could attend to its legal and court work, Congressional work at Wash ington and, where needed, legislative work in the several state legislatures. It is often desirable and important to the success of the Association's program to initiate court action. This has often been impossible for lack of trained legal service available in the National Office and because funds were not immediately in hand. The right of colored people to vote and to "equal accommodations" in railroad travel must be fought for in the courts as well as on the platform and in the printed page. President Storey's segregation victory of last year in the Supreme Court was one of the notable achievement of the last fifty years. While such victories are not to be expected every year, lesser successes are worth striving for. FIELD WORK A larger fund for field work would enable the Association to add to its staff for this purpose. At present there is one Field Secretary. In addition to the organization, supervision and stimulation of branch organizations by visits from the National Office, a very largely increased number of branches could be organized if help were available. A second important part of the Association's field work which has been but little developed is that of field investigations. These could include a study of school and educational facilities in various states, particularly in the South; an investigation of court and legal procedure in states and communities largely inhabited by colored people, their treatment by the police and by local authorities generally, etc.; a study of railroad and travel conditions and discriminations; a study of Negro migration, its extent, cause and effect; and studies of community life as affecting colored people insofar as not otherwise covered by existing organizations. THE IMPORTANCE OF A FINANCIAL SURPLUS The new school of economics has made familiar the doctrine that social progress depends upon an economic surplus. Where human beings have only enough economic goods to fulfill the immediate needs of their creature comforts, social progress along higher lines is impossible. Organizations and great causes are subject to like limitations. An additional $5,000, for example, in an association's budget may enable it to perform services altogether out of proportion to the increase in its finances. The reason, of course, is obvious—that a certain amount of money is necessary.to keep the machine going, to feed it and lubricate it, so to speak. It is only when—to use the analogy of the economist—an economic surplus has been attained that rapid progress is possible. Heretofore the Association has largely been without this economic surplus. The attempt to secure the $50,000 budget is an endeavor to give the Association a surplus of funds, beyond the barest needs of administration, which may be devoted to the purposes previously outlined and to the general progress of the movement. With a substantial income the Association will be able within five years to carry forward its program more rapidly than it could in twenty-five years on an income sufficient to maintain only a skeleton organization. The Association appeals to the public of both races for help in attaining its 1919 budget of $50,000. Its Anti-Lynching Fund, for example, ought to be increased to allow an annual expenditure of from $10,000 to $15,000. It needs generous givers who can afford to give in amounts of $100, $500, $1,000 and upwards; but more than these large contributions, it needs the regular support of people now accustomed to giving one dollar only who can, without stinting themselves, increase their annual contributions to five, ten, or twenty-five dollars. Certainly, among colored people there are thousands who can afford to become five or ten dollar members. Readers of this statement who desire to help us secure a budget of $50,000 for 1919, may send their contributions to Oswald Garrison Villard, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Ave nue, New York, THE LOOKING GLASS LITERATURE clAUDE MACKAY in Pearson's: Think ye I am not fiend and savage too? Think ye I could not arm me with a gun And shoot down ten of you for every one Of my black brothers murdered, burnt by you? Be not deceived, for every deed ye do I could match—outmatch: am I not Afric's son, Black of that black land where black deeds are done? But the Almighty from the darkness drew My soul and said: Even thou shalt be a light Awhile to burn on the benighted earth, Thy dusky face I set among the white For thee to prove thyself of highest worth; Before the world is swallowed up in night, To show thy little lamp; go forth, go forth! * * * Mr. MacKay is a black man, a native of Jamaica, B. W. I., who has been living in this country for six years. During the first year of his stay he wrote the poem quoted above and others in like vein, notably, "The Conqueror," "Is It Worth While?" and "Harlem Shadows." His touch is very sure and vigorous, yet delicate. In particular, he excels in the interpretation of life in Harlem. Its artistic possibilities, often overlaid and at best usually but half-glimpsed, are plainly discernible to this poet's eye. In a striking account of his life in Pearson's he tells of first impressions in a land famed for democracy: It was the first time I had ever come face to face with such manifest, implacable hate of my race, and my feelings were indescribable. I had heard of prejudice in America, but never dreamed of it being so intensely bitter; for at home there is also prejudice of the English sort, subtle and dignified, rooted in class distinction—color and race being hardly taken into account ... . At first I was horrified, my spirit revolted against the ignoble cruelty and blindness of it all. Then I soon found myself hating in return; but this feeling couldn't last long for to hate is to be miserable. Looking about me with bigger and clearer eyes, I saw that this cruelty in different ways was going on all over the world. Whites were exploiting and oppressing whites even as they exploited and oppressed the yellows and blacks. And the oppressed, groaning under the lash, evinced the same despicable hate and harshness towards their weaker fellows. I ceased to think of people and things in the mass—why shouldfight with mad dogs only to be bitten and probably transformed into a mad dog myself? I turned to the individual soul, the spiritual leaders, for comfort and consolation. I felt and still feel that one must seek for the noblest and best in the individual life only. Each soul must save itself. We have received the "Album de Guayama, 1918," by Luis F. Dessus, showing how in this city of southern Porto Rico, the color line is unknown in business and social life. Lectures on "Race Relations" at Fisk University have been issued in a pamphlet of eighty pages. The Journal of the National Medical Association of colored physicians appears quarterly with forty pages. The July number of the Journal of Negro History has a hundred-page history of "Slavery in Kentucky." R. W. Coleman has issued the sixth edition of his excellent "Business Directory of Colored Baltimore," with illustrations. Two recent leaflets issued by the N. A. A. C. P. are President Wilson's words on Lynching and James W. Johnson's "Changing Status of Negro Labor." Leslie Pinckney Hill finds the launching of Hog Island's first battleship, the Quistconck, highly symbolic. He writes of this in the Philadelphia, Pa., Public Ledger, in a poem which says in part: We launch more than a ship today, We hear more than our chieftain's word. The earth, the air, the watery way Are thronged with millions who are stirred To will that this good ship shall be The herald of a thousand more. And these shall follow in her wake In ever quickening degrees, Until the endless line shall make That bridge of ships across the seas, At whose far end the hosts of God Shall stand with all the power of earth, To raise up justice from the sod And give to freedom her new birth. 22 THE LOOKING GLASS THE WELFARE OF NEGRO TROOPS THE Christian Advocate prints the following- significant article: If America is to have an army of 12,000,000 men, at least 1,000,000 will be Negroes. Already the number of colored soldiers exceeds 100,000, many of whom have rendered such notable service as to receive mention in the official reports not only of American commanders, but of the Germans as well. The racial discriminations which so largely prevail in civil life have reappeared in the camps, resulting in criticism and irritation on the part of the "race-conscious" Negroes who feel that the army should at least live up to the principles of human equality which are inscribed on its banners. Bishop W. P. Thirkield, of New OrleanS, has prepared a report on the Welfare of Negro Troops, which seeks to discover the grounds of irritation, and to suggest remedies for evils whose very existence is a reproach to the United States, and whose continuance menaces the strength of the nation's effort to deliver its united power against the German. The report represents the work of a committee of the General War Time Commission of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ. It presents four subjects to the attention of the War Department. 1. In the combatant regiments of Negroes the morale is high, the relation between white officers and colored men is good, and the effect of military training upon the men is conducive to wholesome results in civil life after the war. In non-combatant units, however, the situation appears to be far from satisfactory. The failure to give military training to service battalions and stevedore regiments has stood in the way of their attaining to the feeling both of self-respect and full loyalty that characterize the combatant units. Further, many of the white officers in the non-combatant units have carried over into the army old traditions and prejudices acquired in connection with managing gangs of Negroes on plantations, turpentine farms or construction of public works, and have not had, therefore, toward the men under them the attitude of sympathetic interest that officers take toward fighting men. The fact that in the majority of cases the non-commissioned officers in the service battalions and stevedore regiments have also been whites, who have taken a condescending attitude toward the Negroes, has intensified a feeling of discontent. The inevitable result has been to make it more difficult to sustain among the colored people as a whole an adequate recognition of our democratic ideals in the war and the largest devotion to our cause. 2. Information has come that in certain draft boards an unfair and discriminating attitude has been taken toward Negroes, resulting in inducting into the army large numbers, who, if white, would have been exempted in accordance with the provisions of the draft law. To what extent such irregularities prevail it is impossible to say without further investigation, but certain it is that thoughtful Negroes are convinced that this is very frequently the case. 3. Although the number of illiterates among the Negro troops is exceedingly large, little provision is made for instruction. A military order requires all non-English speaking people in our army to be taught, but because even the most illiterate Negroes can understand orders of command it has not been deemed necessary to provide for their instruction. Such instruction would, however, be of great value not only in increasing the usefulness of the Negro in civilian life afterward but also in securing a finer morale during the war through his enhanced recognition of our concern for his welfare and his appreciation of our national ideals. 4. In the case of Negro regiments, particularly non-combatant units, little or no systematic provision has been made for organized athletics, and consequently the colored soldiers have been deprived of the valuable training that comes therefrom, and which is generally more needed by colored soldiers than by white. * * * The committee offers sympathetic and feasible suggestions: (1) That a small commission of prominent Negroes proceed overseas to examine and report conditions to the government; (2) that alleged draft board discriminations be investigated and eliminated; (3) that all colored battalions have military training; (4) that white officers for colored units be selected with a view to their sympathetic interest in their men; (5) that new service units have Negro non-commissioned officers; (6) that qualified Negroes be trained for officers in larger numbers; and (7) that directors of athletics be provided for all camps of colored troops. The War Department has many vast undertakings under its direction, and its brilliant work along many lines is heartily appreciated. It has had few tasks beset with more perplexities than those which relate to the military employment of Negro citizens^ These findings of Bishop Thirkield's committee deserve Secretary Baker's most serious consideration. They are not the captious criticisms of political opponents, or the expression of racial self-assertiveness. They are based upon the principles of human equality which lie at the basis of America's participation in the War for Freedom. THE CRISIS RACE SUPERIORITY THE old question as to which race is superior has been done away with by the present conflict. In its place has crept a new doubt as to the superiority of any race. The Independent says: One of the issues of the war is race prejudice. The Germans have this trait in so marked a degree that it ought to Share the growing unpopularity which now accumulates around things distinctively German, whether good, bad or indifferent. Ever since the Germans took from Frenchmen like Gobineau, Englishmen like Houston Chamberlain, and Slavs like Treitschke, the legend that the world's civilization was the creation of a single race—the Teutonic— they have been unendurable. The bulk of German books on history, politics and sociology for the last few decades have been devoted to the elaboration of this great Teutonic myth. Slavs were barbarians, Latin nations were decadent, Celts were futile, the yellow races were "monkeys," black men were not human, Jews were enemies of the state; only the Teuton was tall, blond, handsome, virile, virtuous, reverent, honorable, practical, idealistic, scientific, thrifty, continent, just, brave, self-respecting, and capable of self-government. The fact that many Frenchmen, Russians and Irishmen had all these qualities and that some Germans had none of them (not even the blondness) did not prevent the Pan-Germans from identifying the imaginary "Teuton" with the German nation. The moral of this pitiful collapse of German humor and common sense before the mirage of Teutonism should keep us from similar follies. Let our enemies have a monopoly of racial egotism. * * * But the war raises the question of race prejudice also in a broader form; not merely the claims of the Teutonic super-race but the claims of the "white race" itself to eternal and inevitable superiority. Germany has no doubt on the matter. Inferior as are the non-Teutonic peoples of Europe in German eyes, they take rank above the "native" races of Asia and Africa to such a degree that slavery or the sword is the just wage of the latter. Note the German fury at the Allies for seeking the aid of Japan and for employing African troops on European battlefields. Remember the day when the Kaiser preached against the "yellow peril" in the spirit of yellow journalism. Read any good book or article on Germany's system of rule in her overseas colonies. It is true that private plantation owners in Belgian and Portuguese Africa, and even in a few parts of French Africa, have been excessively cruel to the native laborers in their employ. But nowhere have the officials of a government been so systematically oppressive as in German Africa. The atroci ties in the Belgian Congo were the work of a soulless capitalism. The atrocities in German Southwest Africa were the work of bureaucrats inspired by racial arrogance and measureless contempt of those whom they ruled. If the preacher of race hate from the Mississippi valley or the Pacific Coast were to migrate to the banks of the Elbe, he would not only relieve us of his presence, but would find an appreciative audience and a true "spiritual home." Race prejudice is pro-Germanism. If the hideous example of racial arrogance afforded by Germany does not suffice to cure us of our prejudices, there is another fact which should make us reflect. Who are the Allies? At least five nations among them—China, Japan, Siam, Liberia and Haiti—have no white population worth mentioning. An absolute majority of the people of the British Empire live in India; "white" men certainly, but also "natives" and non-Europeans. France and its colonies, if taken as a whole, contain nearly as much black as white, and French Indo-China contributes numerous yellow men to swell the total. Italy, Belgium, Portugal, Brazil, Cuba and others of the Allies have many non-white subjects and citizens. The United States, with its ten million Negroes and mixed-bloods, its Indian tribes, its Pacific colonies, cannot claim to be a racial unity. If we sum together all the people who are fighting against Germany, it seems probable that at least three out of four of them are "natives"; that is, people not descended from the races of Europe. Of course, the white race is the most largely represented on the actual battle line, but, since an army is only the delegate of a people, we should learn to think of the war as a league of all the races of mankind against the common foe of all humanity. THE ANTHONY SUFFRAGE BILL THE Pittsburgh, Pa.. Leader says: If the country were informed in a joint pledge from every Southern State, county and town that the people down there had forever foresworn against their favorite outdoor pastime of lynching Negroes, the surprise could not be keener than in the vote submitting the question of woman suffrage to the voters of Louisiana by the lower house of the legislature. The astonishment is not diminished by the supplementary assurance that the senate will pass the resolution for referendum by a vote even more decisive than that given in the house. Of course, this is only the skirmish—the real battle is to be fought at the polls, but the change in view is so radical that once its importance is grasped the mind ia prepared for anything. The South, and the extreme South in particular, has been the THE LOOKING GLASS stronghold of opposition to equal franchise and the basis, of course, was in the old sec tional race animosity. To allow the Negro man a vote is bad enough, according to the southern view, but to give the ballot to the Negro woman is a step beyond endurance, which no genuine Southerner would even think of taking. Now that the move has been made, no one will be rash enough to say what may not happen next. If the South can give up its prejudice against equality in the political franchise, why may not the rational mind not hope that some time—possibly in a future not distant—we may be informed that the South has likewise abandoned its traditional point of view on lynching? Strange things are happening and advances in political and social positions in the South is not the least of them. * * * The attitude of congress exasperates the Los Angeles, Cal., Times: The suffrage bill has been temporarily defeated in Congress and the national enfranchisement of women indefinitely delayed. The southern senators said they couldn't stand for the Negro vote. Too bad about the southern senators! Because they don't want the Negroes to vote, the white women of many states are also excluded. And as for Negroes—well, according to all reports, the Negro regiments make life most unpleasant for the Hun every time they get within distance. Negroes have proven themselves in all of America's wars to be good soldiers; and in sending men out to fightfor the safety of a nation, is it fair to refuse them and their families the right to participate in the political affairs of that country? * * * J. K. L. writes in the Philadelphia, Pa., Press: Recently Mississippi's senior senator, John Sharpe Williams, proposed an amendment to the Anthony Suffrage Bill to the effect that only white women should be permitted to vote. Such an undemocratic measure belongs to the same class as the Prussian junkers' three-class system. It is certainly out of place just now, when so-called Democrats are shouting the loudest about making the world safe for democracy. * * * The New York Evening Post says: Mr. Wilson is a very tenacious gentleman, who seldom admits that he is beaten, and he may be expected to go on working for the amendment until its reconsideration is forced. It is plain that he will have to go against a mountainous prejudice on the part of some southern senators. It is not so much a sex prejudice as it is a race prejudice. This came out in its full offensiveness in the speech of Senator Williams recently, who announced that he would be willing to vote for the amendment if it was made to apply to white women only! Well, the certain thing is that white women would refuse to accept it on those terms. The reform they seek is in the name of democracy, and they could not in the act repudiate the democratic principle. THE NEGRO MEASURES UP HARRISON RHODES writes at length »•*• in the October Metropolitan of the all-around value of the Negro in war times. He says: Testimony must come straight from the front. And happily it is possible to reproduce here parts of a letter to Mr. Emmett Scott from a commanding officer of one of the first Negro regiments to see active service in France. Himself a white man, he speaks for us all with authority. I have two battalions in the trenches. The three rotate. Our boys have had their baptism of fire. They have patrolled No Man's Land. They have gone on raids and one of my lieutenants has been cited for a decoration. Of course, it is still in the experimental stage, but two questions of the gravest importance to our Country and to the Negro race have, in my opinion, been answered. First: How will American Negro soldiers, including commissioned officers (of whom I still have five), get along in service with French soldiers and officers—as, for instance, a Negro regiment of infantry serving in a French combat division? Second: Will the American Negro stand up under the terrible shell fire of this war as he has always stood under rifle fire and thus prove his superiority spiritually and intellectually to all the black men of Africa and Asia, who have failed under these conditions and whose use must be limited to attack or for shock troops? * * * The program I enclose gives you an idea of the way I've cultivated friendship between my boys and the poilus. You should have seen the 500 soldiers, French and mine, all mixed up together cheering and laughing at the show while the Boche shells (box car size) went screaming over our heads. Now, on the second question, perhaps I am premature. But both my two battalions which have gone in have been under shell fire, serious and prolonged once, and the boys just laughed and cuddled into their shelters and read old newspapers. It was getting very warm around the rolling kitchen. The cooks went along about their business in absolute unconcern until the alarmed French soldiers ran to them and told them to beat it. One of the cooks said, "Oh, that's all right, boss. They ain't hurting us none." They are positively the / / •Zd THE CRISIS most stoical and mysterious men I've ever known. Nothing surprises them. And we now have expert opinion. 'Ihe French officers say they are entirely different from their own African troops and the Indian troops of the British, who are so excitable under shell lire. Of course, I have explained that my boys are public school boys, wise in their day and generation, no caste prejudice, accustomed to the terrible noises of subway, elevated and street traffic of New York City (which would drive any desert man or Himalaya mountaineer mad) and are all Christians. There is more pleasant talk, a mention of Jim Europe, and of the fact that they loyally call their village "Bakersville." And, finally, a cheerful statement that they will "plant the hobnailed boots of the heavy Ethiopian foot in the Kaiser's face all right." Does anyone much doubt that such soldiers will? Is it not a newer, better world where all America's children can so gaily, passionately fight for her? And if we fight for Liberty and win it, shall we be sparing of it to any soldier boys when peace shall come? * * * To this comes a word from General Pershing himself in the Baltimore Sun: General Pershing paid a fine compliment to American Negro troops in France in addressing 6,000 colored stevedores at a base port recently. "When this expedition was first started," he said, "the question was asked, 'Do you want any colored men over there?' and I said, 'Yes, of course, I want colored men. Aren't they American citizens? Can't they do as much in the line of fighting and as much work as anv other American citizen?' " The General said he was reared in a town where three-fourths of the people were colored; he was proud to say he was reared by a colored mammy and equally proud to say he commanded a colored troop during the Spanish War, and that "they did splendid work then and they are doing splendid work now!" "I used to wrestle with a colored boy named Dave Robertson," said Pershing, speaking of his boyhood days, "and Dave used to throw me as often as I threw him." The General was cheered enthusiastically by the colored regiment and by the other service of supply men he addressed on his tour. The cheers were loudest when he promised to give the men at the bases "a chance at the boche" up at the front. "I expect to come back here," he said, "and organize a few volunteer units, and give you guns and let you go up to the front and try your hand at it." NEW NEGROES E old order of Negro is changing, givnpH ing place to the new. Mr. Bolton Smith, of Memphis, Tenn., writing in the Public, tells of this in an article which combines the realization of the injustice meted out to the Negro with astonishment at his resentment. Mr. Smith begins with an account of a colored exhorter in Harlem. He says: The speaker stood on a stepladder at a street corner in a Negro quarter in New York. He was almost white, had good features and had evidently received a fair education. He used good English and spoke calmly and deliberately. He advised Negroes to trade only with Negroes. Rich Negroes added to the importance of the race and would give lucrative employment to educated Negroes, so that Negro college men might hope to become something better than bellboys in downtown hotels. "If this is German propaganda," he explained, "I hope to hear more of it. We are asking no more than our right.'' I quote from memory—the sense rather than the words. Mr. Smith thinks that "the sullen attitude and more imperative demand for better treatment" on the part of southern Negroes may be traceable to German influence, but, on the whole, he inclines to the belief that the change is from within. He predicts serious consequences: We of the South have made light of German propaganda among the Negroes, for we have thought of it as intended to promote a general insurrection against the Government of the United States, which the Negro considers his only friend. But before the war is won, we may discover there are other methods by which American power can be lessened—methods within easy reach of the Negro, as well as of every other subject race—methods which in secrecy and sullenness lead, unintentionally perhaps but none the less inevitably, to open clashes, as in East St. Louis. Unless we speedily awaken to the situation, this example will be followed in dozens of other places before this war is over, and widespread sabotage among Negro workers in mine and workshop can be expected to follow. * * * Several incidents are cited to show the Negro's change in attitude: A house servant said to a boy friend of-mine: "When they lynched a German in Illinois, the Cabinet had a four-hour meeting about it, but no Cabinet ever had a four-minute meeting about the lynchin&lt;&gt;- of hundreds of Negroes." A Negro chauffeur THE LOOKING GLASS went without supper at an aviation camp to which he had taken some Y. M. C. A. performers, because the sutler outside the gate when asked to sell him a sandwich answered gruffly: "Yes, I'll hand it to you through the window. You can't come in here." The man said to me: "I told him I had not expected to eat it in there, but I didn't like to feel I wasn't good enough to go inside his shack to buy it." I have known this Negro man for yeai-s and am sure this feeling—or the will to show it— is of recent growth, and the fact that he went supperless for its gratification shows it is held with some tenacity. * * * Still more significant are the following incidents, indicating a growing determination on the part of the Negro to claim his rights at any cost. The Tennessee law requires whites to be seated in street cars from the front backward.—Negroes from the back forward. The Negroes observe this law fairly well, partly, no doubt, thanks to the attitude of the white conductor. Not long ago in a Tennessee city the newspapers reported the following: A Negro woman coming into a car in which Negroes were standing, although there were vacant seats forward, passed through the standing Negroes, by the seated whites, and took a seat in the front of the car. Such a thing had never happened before. The motorman was about to strike her with his heavy metal switch bar when a Negro man interfered. He was killed in the fray —presumably by one of the white passengers, so far unidentified. Notwithstanding this, I had the following experience a few weeks later in the same city. When I entered the car, it was almost full of Negroes, the white people occupying only three of the front cross seats. The extreme front seats running parallel with the car being unoccupied, I should have sat there—but I do not care for those seats, and so I occupied the cross seat second from the front, the first and third cross seats being already occupied by white people. Presently the white people in the seat behind me got out, and this seat was occupied by Negroes, and before I had realized it a rather venerable Negro couple finding no vacant seats back of me had passed my seat and were seated on the empty parallel seats to which I have referred, and ahead of the white people. I could see the old man did not relish what he was doing but was being shamed into it by the old woman. With visions of a violent altercation, if not worse, I was at their side in an instant telling them to take my seat. The old man moved at once, but even then the old woman followed reluctantly, clearly showing that what she wanted was not a seat but a scene. Here we have two such evidences of a changed attitude on the part of the Negro in one city within a few weeks—and there may have been others not reported in the papers, because, like the one in which I took part, it was not followed by any serious consequences. * * H* The Negro's new radicalism is due to the northern Negro press—of which Mr. Smith thinks none too highly—and to the country's indeterminate policy toward lynching. The writer overlooks completely the spiritual significance in this revulsion of feeling and seems to think if lynching is stopped, even the "more radical Negroes" will improve! He concludes: The failure of the conservative friends of the Negro to announce any policy or to organize for his protection leaves such an organization as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and such newspapers as THE CRISIS and the Chicago Defender in well nigh complete possession of the field, and the incidents to which I have referred are, I believe, in large measure the result. When will we awaken to the importance of a definite policy and proper organization to carry it out? The national policy, North and South, with reference to the Negro has been a hand to mouth one. The result of it all is an attitude of thwarted ambition and growing sullenness even in the North, where the Negro is supposed to be better off. "Here is an example the white people of * * * The Atlanta Journal, a white paper, says: Atlanta may well take note of," said Forrest Adair, Chairman of the Atlanta Liberty Loan Campaign, in announcing Wednesday a subscription of $50,000 from the Standard Life Insurance Company on Auburn Avenue. "That is the biggest subscription we have yet received, as far as the amount in relation to the capacity of the purchaser is concerned. In addition to the $50,000, H. E. Perry and H. H. Pace, officials of the company, took $1,000 a piece, and employees $3,550, making a total of $55,550." "It is a hard saying, but it may well be that America needed the war to get rid to some extent of the impurities of class distinction, of racial bigotry and separateness, of urban provincialism and sectional selfishness, and to give us the new America, with a better appreciation of our mutual dependence, of the necessity of co-operation, and of the worth of character, regardless of race or color or sex or fortune." CHARLES E. HUGHES, in the Journal of the American Bar Association. men of the month choose him here in "the line" as one of the twelve best men in my detachment of forty-six. He lived up to my expectations in every way and conducted himself as a good, clean man and a soldier. Though sorely wounded, he displayed true American grit to me and to his nurses in the hospital. In recognition of his devotion, courage and sacrifice, the French Army granted him the Medal Militaire, a high honor. Not only as his Commanding Officer, but as his friend, permit me to extend my condolences in your sorrow and to assure you that he gave up his life like a man, for honor and his country. "Selig der den Er, "In Sieges-gldnze findet!" What can his country do for such sacrifice? It can make itself as clean and unselfish as he,—and it was this vision that animated all the seventy-five years of the life of Jenkin Lloyd Jones. He was a landsman of Lloyd George, brought to Wisconsin by his humble parents in his infancy. He fought as a private in the Civil War, then studied theology and became a Unitarian Minister. But he was not merely a minister—he was a flaming fount of inspiration THE LATE KENNETH LEWIS W/" E present this month notices of four ™ * men—a soldier, a minister, a detective and a preacher of the Word. Curious combination, you will say, and so it is; and yet perhaps the very juxtiposition of these varying types pictures the day and civilization which presents them—a day of war in field and social work; a day when, for our souls' balance, we must hold up the mirror of moral light and see our good, our bad and our crime. First comes the boy who died the hero-death, with thousands of others. Just a private soldier was Kenneth Lewis, of the District of Columbia, but a clean, fine young man of only eighteen years—a volunteer in the First Separate Battalion. His Captain wrote to the bereaved Mother: I desire to express my sympathy to you in your hour of sacrifice. Kenneth Lewis was particularly near and dear to me, for he was my orderly in Camp Stuart, and on our voyage to France. I THE LATE JENKIN LLOYD JONES 28 MEN OF THE MONTH DR. ERNEST LYON and a dynamic social force. It was he who made a shrine of Lincoln's birthplace, who founded a great human institutional church and summer school, who inspired the World's Congress of Religions and the Illinois State Conference of Charities. Is it necessary to add that he never let pass an opportunity for protesting against the wrongs of the American Negro? He died September 12, and lies buried at Hillside. "And was it not high honor, "The kill-side for a pall, "To lie in state while angels wait "With stars for tapers tall!" For such fighters in War and Peace we need the Home Guard to keep the home fires burning. The various State Councils of Defense have used the work of colored citizens, but none more effectively than that of Maryland. This is due largely to Ernest Lyon. Dr. Lyon was born in British Honduras, in 1860. He was educated at New Orleans, and entered the ministry of the M. E. Church. From 1903-1911, he was United States Minister to Liberia, and he IS now Liberian Consul to the United States and pastor of John Wesley Church, BALTIMORE. The colored division of the MARYLAND Council of Defense, of which Dr. Lyon Is Chairman, IS responsible for much of the splendid work done by colored Maryland during the war. In. the three Liberty Loan Campaigns the colored people of the state subscribed $2,000,000; to the Red Cross and the General War Fund they have given $65,000; they have put into Thrift and United States War Savings Stamps $100,000. The Woman's Division of the Council has made and distributed to the enlisted men, not only of Maryland, but of other states, 2,000 sweaters, wristlets, socks, etc., and in addition 1,500 comfort Kits; it has contributed through its affiliated organizations for musical instruments, pianos, recreation, etc., $1,500. The Council has held and addressed 150 public meetings and sent out since January 5,000 pieces of literature. Long before the Federal Government had provided for the recreation of the colored soldiers at Camp Meade, the colored Council had perfected plans for their recreation and moral supervision through the good offices of the ministers of the city, their patriotic followers and the presidents of clubs and benevolent organizations, who placed at E. H. HOLMES THE CRISIS FOUR SERVANTS OF THE GOVERNMENT RALPH W. TYLER DR. 0. V. ROMAN Official War Correspondent Surgeon-General's Office DR. J. L. JOHNSON DR. G. E. HAYNES Minister to Liberia Department of Labor RED CHANT their disposal their lecture rooms and club houses for the use and comfort of the soldiers. Under its various departments, labor problems, home economics, conservation of food supplies and fuel, legal aspects of registrants, etc., have been considered and looked after. The work done and the interest conserved have won for this Division the praise and commendation of both Governor Harrington and the Executive Committee, through General Waters, its Chairman. The Division has just closed what has become a part of Maryland's history, a State Wide Farmers' Exhibition and Conference. It brought together a great concourse of colored people and many white persons. The Governors of New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Virginia and West Virginia sent prominent colored men to represent their respective states. Governor Harrington, of Maryland, opened the conference Monday, September 16, 1918, with an address which has been widely circulated and favorably commented upon. The press has been unanimous in acknowledging that the event was not only one of the most creditable, but one of the most profitable in the history of the colored people of the state. Finally, we come to one who is a fighter on another front—a front just as vital, just as important as the Others, but one from which we shrink and which we hardly understand. Mr. E. H. Holmes was born in Vicksburg, Miss., forty-six years ago. Today he is Superintendent of Identification in the Washington State Penitentiary. The position is one of great responsibility and trust—the prison records, matters relating to identification of criminals, foreign exchanges, and all correspondence of this department are personally supervised by him. He received his appointment at the hands of Ernest Lister, Democratic Governor of the State of Washington. So here then are: the colored detector of crime in the far West, the colored leader of civic war work, the dead white maker of ideals, and the Negro war hero. Of such is America. RED CHANT ALFRED ' I ,HERE are veins in my body, Fenton Johnson— veins that sway and dance because of blood that is red. There are veins in your body, Fenton Johnson— veins that sway and dance because of blood that is red. Let a master prick me with his pin— the bubble of blood shows red. Let a master prick you with his pin— the bubble of blood shows red. Let a woman love me, let a woman love you— the blood that rises is red. Let my gray eye turn to yours, let your brown eye turn to mine— the blood behind them is red. Let my skin wrinkle to a grin, let your skin wrinkle to a grin— red blood inspired the wrinkles. Let me think of a spirit, KREYMBORG let you think of a spirit— the bodies that nourished the thought are red. Let me think of loving you, let you think of loving me— the hearts that nourished the thought are red. Let me say it as well—why shouldn't I?— let you say it as well—why shouldn't you?— the tongues that say it are red. Let me sing you a song—is it foolish?— let you sing me a song—is it foolish?— songs and singers are red. Let us go arm in arm down State Street— let them cry, the easily horrified: "Gods of my fathers, look at the white man chumming with the black man!" Let us nudge each other, you, and I— without humility, without defiance: "We are red"— let us answer, not answer! the horizon VINCENT SAVNDERS MUSIC AND ART ERTHA CHAMBERS, of Lynchburg, Va., who has been attending the Columbia University Summer School of Music, was asked to teach the class of forty students a Negro melody. She taught ''Listen to the Lambs," by R. Nathaniel Dett, and was highly commended. G Sylvia E. Lyons, a fourteen year old colored girl, of Boston, Mass., and piano pupil of Mrs. Ancrum Forster, won a first prize in the September Etude for an essay on "Muisc and Patriotism." C A collection of traditional Negro songs, "Old Melodies of the South," memorized by Mary Gillen and harmonized by Oliver Chalifous, has been published. G Kemper Herreld, violinist, has been heard in a series of recitals during the month of September. At the concerts given at Wilberforce University, Clarksburg and Charleston, W. Va., Mr. Herreld featured "An African Lament," composed by Colonel Charles Young. x C The September number of Musical America publishes a picture of the New York colored Regimental Band in Europe, viewed by General Pershing, who speaks appreciatively of the joy the music of this band has given. G All-native programs were planned for the sixty-first annual Worcester Music Festival. At the fourth concert, Emma Roberts, the well known American contralto, sang a group of selections, including "I stood on de Ribber," by H. T. Burleigh. G During September, the Dunbar Com munity Centre gave an entertainment for the soldiers at Dunbar High School, Wash ington. An event of the gathering was the singing of Mme. Miura, the Japanese prima donna, who not only sang arias from the operas, but joined with Mrs. Newton D. Baker, wife of the Secretary of War, in the choruses of the folk-songs sung by the col ored children and students. Mrs. Baker gave an address, and also sang for the soldiers. C Colonel Franklin A. Denison, of the 370th Infantry, American Expeditionary Forces, formerly the 8th Illinois, has returned to Chicago on sick leave. He was attacked with acute rheumatism before his regiment sailed. G Twenty wounded Negro soldiers, headed by 100 Home Defense Guards, paraded in Philadelphia, Pa., to aid the Mercy Hospital Fund. C The New York Clef Club, under the musical direction of Will Marion Cook, will tour New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Washington, Virginia, Illinois and New Jersey during November, with the aim of fostering the development and exploitation of the best Afro-American music. C Ethel Richardson, the only colored competitor among five, won the year's scholarship to the Institute of Musical Art in New York City. THE WAR INCE August 21, the colored divisions of troops, both the 92d and 93d, have pushed forward 12,000 yards on the enemy's line. One division of colored troops advanced 600 yards without a single loss. When they began their attack on the towns of Sandemont and Recourt, they ran the Huns from their trenches and captured both towns and several villages on the other side of Recourt. It was then that a command was given them to halt or retire to receive rations and rest, but not a man obeyed the command until they had driven the enemy out of sight. Monday, August 26, both colored divisions almost annihilated four fresh divisions of German reserve troops who had been sent into the enemy's line to drive back those "Black Americans" in their attack on the town of Bertincourt, but the town was soon taken by the Negro troops, who captured 800 Hun prisoners. C Major J. E. Spingarn, formerly Chair man of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P., and lately of the General Staff at 32 THE HORIZON Washington, has arrived in France, and is with the 161st Infantry. C A new Hostess House for colored soldiers has been opened at Camp Sherman, Chillicothe, Ohio, with Dr. Amanda V. Gray, a colored physician of Washington, D. C, on the staff. At Louisville, Ky., schools for the colored soldiers have been held in twenty-seven barracks with an attendance of 2,314 during a single week. A colored secretary is in charge of this work. C A white Lieutenant in a letter says: "At several times during the day at intervals my attention was attracted by one of my colored soldiers, who kept firing at some object in the enemy trenches that seemed invisible to everybody else. Very shortly afterwards, we captured the enemy's first line trenches. I noticed a pile of dead Germans at a certain point in the front trench. It was the exact spot at which the Negro soldier from Alabama had aimed twenty-one shots. He thought he had been firing at one man, but instead he had put a rifle ball through the skulls of twenty-one Germans." C Sergeant Robert Terry, of the First Separate Company of Baltimore, and Sergeant Charles Hughes, of the First Separate Battalion of Washington, D. C, have been presented the Croix de Guerre for bravery. C Corporal Isaac Valley, of Gerard, Kans., who has won the Distinguished Service Cross, served three years in the 24th Infantry. A private in attempting to throw a grenade dropped it in the trench in the midst of his comrades. Corporal Valley had no time to pick it up and throw it out. He, therefore, put his foot on it and shoved it into the mud. The grenade exploded and tore off part of his foot. His only comment as he was carried back was, "I saved the others even if it did get me." When General Pershing heard of the incident, he awarded the ribbon, which is the ambition of every fighting man. (I French colonies in Africa and Asia have furnished the Motherland since the war began with 918,000 men, of whom 680,000 have been combatants and the remainder, work ers. (I More than 500 people attended the dedication of a bronze tablet and a Service Flag, containing 484 stars, at the colored Y. M. C. A., in Cincinnati, Ohio, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Ferguson, a colored family of Institute, W. Va., have three sons in the U. S. Army: one, a captain; another, a machine gun insti'uctor at Camp Hancock, Ga., and a third with the U. S. Army in France. C American Negro troops are engaged with the forces clearing the Argonne Forest, northwest of Verdun. (I A rest house designed chiefly for soldiers and sailors has been erected on the Columbus Avenue Playground, Boston, Mass. It was chiefly promoted by knitting classes organized by Mrs. B. R. Wilson, with Mrs. R. J. Jeffrey as secretary. C The following are some of the Negro troopers who have been decorated with the Croix de Guerre for conspicuous gallantry in the war in France: Sergeants Daniel W. Lewis, William Butler, Charles Rick, Robert Collins; Corporal Fletcher Battles; Privates Gilbert Johnson, Lionel Rogers, George Chapman, Samuel Jackson, Arthur Simpson, Morris Link, Marshall Scott and George E. Hannible. C Helen E. Hagan, the widely known colored pianist, of New Haven, Conn., who won the Samuel Sanford Foreign Fellowship from the Yale University Conservatory of Music, has been selected by the Y. M. C. A. to play for the boys in France. C John W. Ovletrie, a colored man with the Y. M. C. A. in France, from Alabama, has been appointed an army chaplain with the rank of First Lieutenant. C Dr. C. E. Yancey has been appointed dentist in the Base Hospital of the Explosive Plant at Nitro, W. Va. He is a Howard '15 dental graduate. C Julius Hart, the colored chauffeur for Dr. W. L. Bullard, Columbus, Ga., has invented three aerial bombs. Two have already been accepted by the Government, one of them at a price of $15,000; the price for the other two has not yet been announced. The bombs shoot in different directions,-—• one, fifty times before the chief explosion comes; another, sixty times; and a third, 1,000 times before the final discharge. C There is a total of 400,000 Negro soldiers under arms, of whom 100,000 are in France. C In the recent clash with Mexico, the first American military unit to cross the line was a troop of colored cavalry from 34 THE the Famous Tenth, under command of Captain Hungerford, who was shot dead at the head of his troops. G Three hundred and twenty out of 450 colored students taking the forty-seven day military training at Howard University have been awarded certificates. C Lieutenant Lawrence O'Riley, of Boston, Mass., is the third in his family to receive a commission in the U. S. Army. His father and brother are now in France with the "Buffaloes" and he is a recent graduate from Camp Pike, assigned to Camp Sherman, Chillicothe, Ohio. C The War Department has designated the following colored institutions as special places of education for units of the S. A. T. C.: Howard, Lincoln, Fisk, Meharry, Atlanta, Morehouse, Virginia Union, Wilberforce, Wiley and Bishop. G In Portsmouth, Va., the colored Mutual Savings Bank has been designated as a U. S. Government depository on account of its record in the Liberty Loan campaigns. In the first loan, 12 persons subscribed $2,000; in the second, 464 persons subscribed for $25,000; and in the third, 925 subscribed for $102,000. d Five white Y. M. C. A. secretaries employed by the National War Work Council of the United States at the colored building at Camp McArthur, Waco, Tex., have been replaced by colored secretaries. C From the Reserve Officers' Training Camp at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, 639 colored men were commissioned. Since then 160 others have been commissioned from various camps and recently there have been added 107 officers from Camp Pike and 33 from Camp Taylor. This makes a total of 939 officers from the training schools beside those in the Medical Reserve Corps. Colored men are now being received in the Veterinary Corps. There are 41 colored chaplains. G A cablegram from the British East African Expeditionary Force announces the deaths of Fred D. Ballou and Robert Pritchett, National War Work Secretaries for the Soldiers of Africa. Ballou was a graduate of Knoxville College, and Pritchett, of Lincoln University. CRISIS INDUSTRY THE Chevrolet Motor Company, of Flint, Mich., employs four colored foremen: Harry Nelson, Thomas Kelly, Lovell Roue- land and S. J. Smith. O The Labor Service Board of the U. S. Government has disapproved of the labor card system which Birmingham and other southern cities have tried to introduce for Negro labor. C Factories at Hickory, N. C., are giving employment to 150 colored laborers. The Hickory Hosiery Company has installed ma chinery in a building owned by Mr. S. A. Brown, a well-to-do colored citizen. This hosiery mill is operated exclusively by Ne groes and gives employment to fifty colored women. C Isaac Bernard, a colored tenant of the G. E. Rivers' Plantation at Yazoo City, Miss., delivered a bale of cotton at market which brought him $273, said to be the highest price ever paid for any grade of cotton. C Wesley Thomas and H. A. Bowley have been given positions in the Electrical Department of the Erie Railroad in Jersey City, N. J. They will serve as storage battery men under Edward Crabb, colored foreman, who has a record of fifteen years' service with this company. G Among the new industries in which colored women are being employed in New Jersey are the following: Cigar making, fur dyeing, awning making, shirt making, handkerchief making, helpers on knitted sweaters, making celluloid novelties, helpers on aprons and towels, pasting and lining-trunks, packing suitcase handles, garment making, busheling and thread cutting on soldiers' garments, helpers in laundries, toys and dolls, buttons, feathers, fur cutting, candy making, picking fowls and pasting labels in packing houses. G A colored man, C. B. Burnet, has been appointed by the Fiscal Court to investigate and report on the unemployment of Negroes in Louisville and Jefferson County, Ky. His salary is $125 per month, of which the county will pay one-third and the Federal Government, two-thirds. G Booker T. Washington, Jr., son of the noted colored educator, has accepted the position of Claims Adjuster, representing the 9,000 Negro employees at the U. S. Gov THE HORIZON ernment air nitrate plant, at Mussel Shoals, Ala. EDUCATION TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE opened its thirty-eighth annual session September 10. More than 1,500 students have been enrolled this year, and the first day's enrollment was one of the largest in the history of the school. C Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Malone, colored, of St. Louis, Mo., recently contributed $1,200 to Tuskegee Institute. C The Hickory, N. C , School Commissioners have erected a brick building, costing $4,500, for colored youth. The eighth and ninth grades have been added to the graded course of study. C Geneva Daniels, a colored girl of Bloomington, 111., has won in a competitive examination the George Washington Scholarship, providing $300 a year for four years at any college in the country. Miss Daniels graduated from the Normal High School with the class of 1918, and will, in October, enter Chicago University. C The Rosenwald School House Building-Fund reports that up to July 1, 1918, 450 school houses had been built in eleven Southern States at a cost of $665,555. Of this Mr. Rosenwald gave $186,477, the colored people $194,480, with the balance from public school funds. C The American Rolling Mill Company at Middletown, Ohio, has built the Booker T. Washington School for colored children at Bon Veue, costing $60,000, and turned it over to the city. Three colored teachers and 114 pupils have been enrolled. C There are fifty-six colored teachers in the Public Schools of Cleveland, Ohio, teaching mostly white pupils. MEETINGS ONE thousand Negro residents of Ohio and Western Pennsylvania cities participated in a patriotic demonstration at Youngstown, featured by a parade and a mass meeting, with addresses by Negro orators. C The Equal Rights League held a four days' session in Chicago, with ninety delegates, and adopted resolutions asking for representation of the Negro at the Peace Conference. The Rev. Mr. E. W. Moore was elected president. C The Unincorporated National Baptist Convention met at Little Rock, Ark. There were 2,500 delegates, representing thirty-eight state conventions. The Governor made an address at one of the meetings. C Six thousand Negro Baptists attended the thirty-eighth annual session of the National Baptist Convention at the Coliseum in St. Louis, Mo., and endorsed the war policy of President Wilson. E. C. Morris, the president, said: "A black face is a badge of loyalty." Roscoe Conkling Simmons was among the speakers. C Ten thousand Negroes gathered in Had-ley Park, Nashville, Tenn., and celebrated Labor Day. A. N. Johnson, President of the Negro Board of Trade, presided, and Judge J. Madison Wells delivered an address. C Two meetings have recently been held in New York City, each claiming to be the Biennial Session of the Movable Committee of the Grand United Order of Odd Fellows. E. H. Morris, of Chicago, was continued as Grandmaster by one body and J. S. Noel, of Charleston, W. Va., was elected by the other. This probably means a law suit by a fraternal order with some 300,000 members. C An invitation has been sent out for a preliminary dinner and conference to consider a "solemn memorial on the Tercentenary of the Transplanting of the Negro Race to the United States." A general invitation to three' hundred prominent colored men and women throughout the nation will soon be issued. C A labor Efficiency rally was held in Mobile, Ala. Governor Henderson, of Alabama, and Governor Bilbo, of Mississippi, were among the speakers, and a specially trained choir of 500 Negro voices sang. C Two thousand people in Columbus, Ohio, took part in the celebration of the fifty-sixth anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation at Memorial Hall, under the auspices of the Knights of Pythias. C Negroes of the Central West held their annual Camp Meeting, September 8, at Lexington, Ky. A reproduction of the parable of the Prodigal Son was witnessed by several thousand colored and white people. the Crisis THE CHURCH C The State Board of Health has employed THE First Baptist Church of Charlotte, N. C, has been completed at a cost of $43,000 and the last mortgages burned. The Rev. Mr. P. S. Lewis is pastor. C Eleven thousand dollars has been raised through a drive to clear the indebtedness of the People's Baptist Church, Boston, Mass. The Rev. Dr. D. S. Klugh is pastor. 0 Among three or four colored men who are studying for the Roman Catholic priesthood is Norman A. DuKette, of Dubuque College, Iowa. C The three Negro Methodist Churches are still considering the proposition of merging under the name of the United Methodist Episcopal Church. A committee of three bishops, three ministers and three laymen from each of the three churches has been appointed. They formulated twelve articles of agreement. The C. M. E. Church has accepted the articles, but the other general conferences do not meet until 1920. The membership of the three bodies, according to the census, is 1,056,447, but they claim 1,440,168 members. POLITICS JM. WEIL, in St. Louis, Mo., is the first • Negro in many years to be elected a member of the Republican State Committee. (I Six colored men in Chicago, 111., were nominated on the Republican ticket: George W. Ellis, for Judge of the Municipal Court; S. B. Turner, for the Legislature from the First District; Adelbert H. Roberts and Warren Douglass, for the Legislature from the Third District; Colonel J. H. Johnson and Charles Griffin, for County Commissioners. C A movement for endowing qualified women with the vote has been started by a member of the Legislature and enthusiastically taken up by women and men of Jamaica, B. W. I. C Mrs. W. L. Presto, a colored woman of Seattle, Wash., was a candidate for State Senator in a recent primary. PERSONAL DR. JAMES C. FOWLER, a Negro graduate of the University of Pittsburgh, has been appointed one of the city health physicians by Mayor E. V. Babcock. Dr. S. B. Ennis, a Negro physician of Troy, Ala., to take charge of educational work among the Negroes of the state in the crusade that has been launched against social diseases. (I Dr. E. A. White, former President of Walden College, has been elected Field Secretary of the Freedman's Aid Society at Cincinnati, Ohio, to do special work in the centenary campaign. C Dr. D. A. Bethea, of Terre Hatue, Ind., has been appointed Medical Inspector of Schools, and a member of the Board of Directors of the Anti-Tuberculosis Society. This is the first time that such honors have come to a colored man in that city. (I Emma Griffin, of the widely known colored vaudeville team of Griffin Sisters, is dead at Chicago, 111. C Mrs. Ida Hudson is connected with the firm of Hudson &amp; Butler, Undertakers, at Oak land, Cal., specializing in funeral directing. She has completed a Post-course in floral decorating under Professor Wagner of New York. C. R. V. Green, having served five years as Deputy Registering Clerk in East San Diego, Cal., has been appointed Deputy City Marshal. C Blanche A. Perkins has been taken into the service of the U. S. Department of Agriculture as Supervising Agent of Home Economics Work for the State of Louisiana. She has five colored agents under her. (L Mrs. Powhatan Bagnall has been elected Director of the Harriet Tubman Home for Working Girls at Boston, Mass. (L Dr. George W. Adams, for ten years cashier of the Mechanics and Farmers Bank of Durham, N. C , is dead. G James Admire, a colored policeman of Indianapolis, Ind., for eighteen years, is dead at the age of sixty. C Dr. Peter Murray has been appointed Assistant Chief Surgeon at Freedman's Hospital, Washington, D. C , succeeding Dr.. Simeon Carson, who has resigned. Dr. Mur ray is a medical graduate of Howard. THE HORIZON 0 The Reverend Mr. FOREIGN II. H. Summers was born at Hagerstown, Md. He was principal of the Hygienic Grammar School, Steelton, Pa.,' seventeen years. He received his A. B. degree from Howard University in 1910, and his B. D. from Oberlin Theological Seminary in 1913. He is stationed in Franklin, Pa., as pastor of Bethel A. M. E. Church. SOCIAL PROGRESS CITIZENS and packing interests have pledged $200,000 for a three years' program of social uplift among colored people in East St. Louis, 111. This includes coordination of all existing agencies, community centers, day nurseries and physical and educational classes. ft On August 31, the Broad Ax, a colored weekly of Chicago, 111., celebrated its twenty-third birthday. G The Provident Hospital, Chicago, 111., has opened a new department, a post-graduate course. C The colored hospital at Garrison and Lawton Avenues, St. Louis, Mo., has been purchased by the city for $62,500. ft At the annual meet of the National A. A. U. championships held in Chicago, 111., Robert E. Johnson, of Camp Upton, N. Y., won the five mile run in the junior events. ft Black's Blue Book, a business directory of Chicago, 111., has been issued. ft Colored employees at the Washington, D. C , Navy Yard raised among themselves $1,000 for Camp Pleasant, a camp for poor colored children, of which Mrs. Laura Bruce Glenn is superintendent. ft A young colored woman of Porto Rico, who understands Spanish and English, wishes a position in the United States. She may be addressed in care of TH E CRISIS. ft Justice Frank J. O'Brien, in Sacramento, Cal., has awarded a judgment of $50 to the Rev. Mr. Harvey, a colored man, against W. L. Begelow, who refused him service in his restaurant. ft So well did Company C perform its duties in the recent rioting in Philadelphia, Pa., that Colonel William B. Mills has issued an order to uniform and equip three more colored companies. T HENRY CARR, who for many years has ••• been Inspector of Schools in the Gold Coast Protectorate, W. Africa, has been appointed Provincial Commissioner of that colony. ft Jacob Silvanus Bruce-Vanderpuye, Bar-rister-at-Law, has been made Gyasie Meiatse to one of the native chiefs of Accra, W. Africa, a position of great importance. C In Johannesburg, the Mineworkers' Union has expressed itself against the removal of the color bar, saying that the Union would object to the Government running mines with colored labor, including colored men with natives. They were fighting for a white South Africa. GHETTO CARL J. MURPHY, Editor of the Afro~ i . American, Baltimore, Md., was charged with "disorderly conduct," arrested and fined $26.45 for refusing to be "Jim-Crowed" on a train in the W. B. &amp; A. Station, scheduled for Washington. A case has been started against the railroad company. C At the Hog Island Shipyards, where colored riveters made championship records, continued effort is being made to keep Negroes from working as mechanics and to use them as common laborers. It is charged that in the Canal Zone wages for Negro workers remain the same as in 1912, with additions of $5 per month and one cent an hour. White workers have had their salaries raised 35%. Negroes must pay rent from their wages, while the white workers get rent, fuel and light free. C Street car motormen and conductors in Pittsburgh, Pa., refused higher wages, when the Railway Company agreed to give them a raise, providing they accept the employment of colored men as motormen. ft The Supreme Court of Georgia has handed down a decision restraining for all time Negro Shriners from using the name, insignia or regalia of the Shriners. C The following lynching has taken place since our last record: Waycross, Ga., September 24, Sandy Reeves, hanged for alleged assault on a white girl. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MEN AND WOMEN TRAINED IN AGRICULTURE WILL BE IN GREAT DEMAND AFTER THE WAR Secretary Lane is urging that plans and "Plans for providing the returned soldier with land surveys and studies be instituted now so that are rapidly taking shape. when demobilization begins, farms and homes *' * * Let us not think of mav be offered to the returned soldiers on the the individual returned soldier exiled to a tongue of green land between the stony breasts of western mountains * * * but of orL'nder the Smith-Hughes Vocational Edganic communities of one ucation Act, the Government is already train or two hundred farms with ing Teachers, Agriculturalists and Mechanics competent agricultural ad visers to brace up the techwhose services will be in great demand after nique of those who are the war to help these soldiers and rural in willing to learn."—The New habitants adjust themselves to the problems Republic. of reconstruction. Tuskegee Institute offers the Smith-Hughes Course in: Teacher-Training Agriculture Mechanics Home Economics Splendid opportunities for young men and women of purpose, and an exceptional chance for young men who have been placed in deferred classes or exempted. You may enroll NOW. Address, R. R. MOTON, Principal, Tuskegee Institute, Alabama 1888 1918 St. Paul NormalandTheAlcorn A.&amp; M.College Alcorn, Mississippi Industrial School State A. &amp; M . College for Negroes LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Departments: Academic, Agricultural and Mechanical; Strong Faculty, Thirty-First Session healthful location; terms reasonable. OPENED SEPTEMBER 24, 1918 For catalog of information address, COURSES L. J. ROWAN, President, Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Alcorn, Mississippi. Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will The CRISIS Cal endar admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges for 1919 is to be a SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS TERCENTENARY CALENDAR EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES Illustrated with faces of interesting babies ENROLLMENT 1917-1918, 496 Price 25 cents Athletic Training. Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc. Ready December 1. 1918. FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING No Christmas gift will bring more cheer to For Catalog and Further information address your friend thin a year's subscription to the CRISIS. And we have a pretty card to anRev. James S. Russell, D. D., nounce the gift. Subscription $1.00 per year. Principal THE CRISIS LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Mention Til Ciiiii. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL South CollegeAve. and N. 19th Street Phila., Pa. Fall Term and Twentieth Year opened Tuesday, October i, 1918. Domestic Art, Industrial Art, Mechanical Art, Commercial and English. Sessions both day and evening. Age, sex or previous training no bar if applicant has good character. Years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade-mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Write or visit the School now. MATTHEW ANDERSON, Principal 1926 S. College Ave. Phila., Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30-Day System Derrick Shorthand School Childs" Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send for Enrollment Blank and full njormation. Day and Evening Classes FALL TERM BEGAN SEPTEMBER 3, 1918 The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wllberforce, 0. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th ST., PHILA., PA. Shorthand Typewriting Bookkeeping Our students recently appointed at the Navy Yard, Arsenal, and Post Office as stenographers and clerks are receiving Big Salaries— male and female stenographers are averaging $1800 per .year. W e are informed that one of our male students is a stenographer in France, SCHOOL OPENED OCTOBER 15th THREE MONTHS COURSE—5 lessons a week. Apt students can pass Civil Service Examination at end of course. EIGHT MONTHS COURSE—2 lessons a week. W e advise students to take this course he-cause it gives more time for lesson preparation and practice. Edward T. Duncan, President STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Hacei Prepare in the beat school of it. kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 88 Lenox Avena. and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. FiU W . Mottley, President Porto Rican Young Lady-desires a position as SPANISH-ENGLISH STENOGRAPHER AND BOOKKEEPER BEST REFERENCES Address HELENA LOPEZ 49 Union St., Ponce, Porto Rico. My course in Penmanship, Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mail will prepare you for the position worth while. Write for information. A. D. Nolley, M. Pen., 519 Michigan Avc.Buffalo, N.Y. A lire agency furnishes tho TEACHERS connecting medium in a business way between teackers and schools and relieve* teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. W e have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1411 N«w York AT«S«« Washington. D. C. Mention THE Caisig. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Standard Life Insurance Co. Headed the Fourth Liberty Loan in Atlanta with a $50,000.00 SUBSCRIPTION In addition the Company subscribed $5,000 through its Little Rock, Ark., office. Negro Insurance Company Subscribes $50,000.00 "Here is an example the white people of Atlanta may well take note of,-' said Forrest Adair, chairman of the Atlanta Liberty Loan campaign, in announcing Wednesday a subscription of $50,000.00 from the Standard Life Insurance company, a colored company on Auburn Avenue. "That is the biggest subscription we have yet received, as far as the amount in relation to the capacity of the purchaser is concerned. In addition to the $50,000.00. H. E. Perry, H. H. Pace and other officials of the company took $1,000 apiece, and employees $3,550, making a total of $55,550.00."—The Atlanta Journal. STANDARD LIFE IS IN A CLASS BY ITSELF. TH E ONLY REGULAR OLD LINE LEGAL RESERVE LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OWNED AND OPERATED BY NEGRO PEOPLE IN THE WORLD. NO INDUSTRIAL, NOR WEEKL Y BUSINESS WRITTEN. A POLICY IN THE STANDARD IS A BANK AC COUNT SUBJECT TO CHECK AT YOUR DEATH. LIVE AGENTS WANTED STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 200 AUBURN AVE., ATLANTA, GEORGIA Mention THE CRISIS, THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Operating for the present only in Virginia, The Southern Aid Society of Virginia Incorporated HOME OFFICE: 527 NORTH SECOND STREET RICHMOND, VIRGINIA Is not only paying claims as provided in the policy, to many of our gallant soldier boys, but is standing like a stone wall of protection to the thousands of loved ones left behind. In many instances were it not for the foresight shown by these loving husbands, fathers and sons in providing their families with Southern Aid Policies, there would be untold suffering in some of the homes of these brave soldier boys SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA.INC. By paying promptly sick, accident and death claims to policy holders in the soldiers' homes and purchasing Liberty Bonds, the Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is helping mightily to keep up the morale of our bronze gladiators. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., is the only insurance organization issuing a guaranteed continuous payment policy for sickness and accidents and an undiminished Death Claim after death. A Virginia Home without a Southern Aid Society's Policy is not finished. JOIN NOW! A.	 D. PRICE, B. L. JORDAN, W. A. JORDAN. President Secretary Assistant Secretary Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NORTH CAROLINA MUTUAL AND PROVIDENT ASSOCIATION Home Office, DURHAM, N. CAROLINA The Oldest, Largest and Strongest Old Line Legal Reserve Negro Life Insurance Company in the World Abstract from Financial Statement for 1917 Shows: • $ 624,794.31 523,915.70 INCOME OVER DISBURSEMENTS .$ 100,878.61 358.363-97 Liabilities (Including $258,918—Legal Reserve). • 270,801.51 87,562.46 INSURANCE IN FORCE .$11,157,472.00 $130,000.00 DEPOSITED WITH INSURANCE DEPARTMENTS For the Protection of the Policyholders Amount Paid in Claims Since Organization $1,736,504.50 Your Chance to Buy Stable Life Insurance from $500 to $5,000. POLICIES WITH ALL MODERN PROVISIONS, IN CLUDING A PERMANENT DISABILITY CLAUSE. John Merrick, President A. M. Moore, M. D., Sec'y and Treas. C. C. Spaulding, Vice-President and General Manager J. M. Avery, Assistant Gen'l Manager E. R. Merrick, Ass't Sec'y Mention Tar Cimi. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 43 Atlanta University THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Studies of the Contains 290 Pages, 15 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Hound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover 20 Monograph* Sold Separately and Skelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1.40. Order through any bookseller Negro Problems Address or direct from the author, Addreis ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY u ATLANTA. GA. JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington. D. C. The Curse of Race Prejudice Hale Infirmary and Nurse By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. Training School An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham328 Lake Street, Montgomery, Alabama. pion ot equal rights. Startling facts ami crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for Hale Infirmary School of Nursing offers to inclear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. He-telligent young women between the age of eighteen longs in the library of every friend of social justice. and thirty-five a three years' course in the profesPrice 35 cents. Send order to sion of nursing. Students of this school are eligible to Alabama examinations for the degree of R. N. JAMES F. MORTON, JR. For further information apply to the superintendent. 211 West 138th Street New York, N. Y. The Whittaker Memorial Hospital Training School for Nurses $25.00 PER WEEK Offers a three year course of training to women who wish to enter the nursing profession. Favorable apmay be made in commissions by parties handling plicants must be over 18 years of age, of good health, "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American of aood moral character and must have had two years War" combined with "History of the Negro Race,'' high school training or its equivalent. 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Application blanks will be sent on request. Address: E. A. JOHNSON LILLIE A. WYNN, R. N. Superintendent 154 Nassau Street NE W YORK Orcutt Avenue and 29th St., Newport News, Va. A Rare Honor For A Negro Book By authority of Congress, our book "A Tribute for the Negro Single Soldier," written by J. E. Bruce, (Bruce Grit) has been made one of the public records. We are pleased to announce its Copy steady sale in all parts of the country and in foreign lands. 25c There remains territory for several good agents however. Write for terms to BRUCE and FRANKLIN, Publishers 1309 E. 18th Street Kansas City, Mo. HONOR THE miS IS (HE K0M£ OF A &lt;;SOLDIER DEFENDING THE CAUSE;OF GOD HUMANITY AND AMERICA BOYS WHO GO! The National Honor Tablet placed on the door of the soldier's home is a fittii mark of distinction. Tt home of every soldier ai sailor is entitled to on Honor your boy. This handsome bronzed door (date will last a lifetime Size 3^x;j inches. Sent t( any address in America foi One Dollar. Specify whether for soldier or sailor. Or der today. HONOR SALES CO. (11 North 43d St., PHILADELPHIA, PA. Saves Coal Use Arnold Automatic Damper This simple device placed in your 8tove Pi|&gt;o or Furnace Pipe immediately given your house 25% to 33y% more heat from tho name quantity of fuel—no matter what type of Btove or furnace you use. A Proved Succeed 1 You can easily attach it yourself — simple directions on bos. NO WASTED FUEL Automatic In operation—requires no attention after fire •H started. K CCJIB your ITHJH.1 at even temperature. No • "••'•IN. .iimi: with w.I of fuel. No untierbeating with clan Kern to health, „ Its Cost on First Ton of Fuel Thousands already in use. Everynwnorabooster. Price $2.50 by parcel post prepaid. Order today, ••i;ii im- whether for Stove or Furnace and give size of pipe. Agents wanted. ROBINSON MFG. COMPANY 30 Factories I51dg:. Dent, 121 Toledo, Ohio Mention The CRISIS. 44 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ALFRED E. SMITH AMERICAN FOR GOVERNOR of the STATE OF NEW YORK The career of Alfred E. Smith, the Democratic candidate for Governor of the State of New York, appeals to the imagination of all Americans, but particularly does it appeal to the imagination ot Colored Americans; for he typifies, perhaps in a larger measure than any other man in public life, the ideals which America stands for and the wonderful possibilities which even the humblest citizen has under her democratic institutions. Born in New York City, the great melting pot of the nation, and reared in the midst of its polyglot population, without even the advantage of a grammar school education, he has risen by sheer character and ability to a commanding position among his fellowmen. There can be no greater inspiration for Colored youth in this country than the career of this man who, from a bare-foot errand boy in Fulton fish market, became a delegate to a Constitutional Convention of the Empire State, where he matched brain and wits with such men as Elihu Root, George W . Wickersham and Al- Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 45 phonse T. Clearwater. Particularly at this time when Colored men upon the battle-fields of France are gallantly upholding the proudest tradition of their race—bravery upon the field of battle—it is inspiring to contemplate the career of this man who has overcome handicaps such as Colored Americans are compelled to meet in their lives. As the representative of Tammany Hall in the Legislature for many years, he achieved a record for constructive and progressive legislation unsurpassed by any man. Those reactionary Republicans who are now presuming to criticize him are the very men who opposed the great measures which he sponsored. They are also the ones who are now dishonestly raising the issue of Tammany Hall. If Alfred E. Smith is a true representative of that organization, the great State of New York should be proud of such an organization and such a man, and if he has spoken as the mouthpiece of the leader of Tammany Hall, Mr. Charles F. Murphy, then the only sentiments which women, children and working people throughout the State should cherish toward Mr. Murphy and toward Tammany Hall are those of admiration and gratitude. There can be no better proof of the fact that Mr. Smith firmly believes in the principles which Colored Americans are vitally interested in upholding, than the fact that he advocated such measures as the Child Labor Law, the Workmen's Compensation Act, Widows' Pension Act, the Minimum Wage Law, and, if more proof be needed, it is to be found in the fact that, as Speaker of the Assembly, he was chiefly instrumental in securing the passage of the Negro Regiment Bill, the Emancipation Proclamation Bill and the Levy Civil Rights Law, and, if still further proof be needed, it is to be found in the fact that he is a Tammany Hall man. This is the one political organization which has always stood squarely for the principle of equality and which makes no distinction between men on account of race, color or creed. Its leader, Mr. Murphy, is the best friend of the Colored American now in public life. A vote for Alfred E. Smith for Governor is a vote to help make the world safe for democracy and democracy safe for America. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER DOLLS-DOLLS Beautiful Colored Dolls of Distinction. Red Cross Nurse fully dressed, 18 inches high, hlack hair, natural color. Sent postpaid for $300. Our Soldier Boy doll, lull uniform, including hat and hoots, 18 inches high. Sent prepaid for $2.50. We also have Sailor and Cupie dolls in beautiful brown colors. All these dolls are fully guaranteed to satisfy or money refunded. Patriotic pictures of the great war showing Xegro officers and soldiers, including colored heroes. Hand to hand battle. "The Love Letter" and post cards of colored soldiers. The pictures are in beautiful water colors, new, just off the press. They are without doubt the greatest agents' offer of the day as they are sold on a money making basis. Some are [6x18. some 18x20 inches. These are the only pictures on the market today, so far as we know, that show the great part the colored women are doing in this great war. They are 25c a copy. Special prices to agents and dealers. Send for a copy and lie the first agent in your town. OTIS H. GADSDEN ROOM 339 30 CHURCH ST., NEW YORK CITY VITH A ™ODER SUBURBAN HOMES"" improvements on electric car line connecting Washington, Baltimore, Annapolis and Camp Meade, Auto road. 30 minutes' ride to city. NEAR WASHINGTON. D. C. Lets 50 by 150. $270, $10 down. $5 monthly. Houses built to order after $100 or more is paid on lot. Fertile land, cood elevation, gardens, chickens, etc. Store, school, churches, community club. Booklet free: Thos. J. Calloway f I ) 1403 New York Avenue J live [ AMONG FNEILDS Washington, D. C. I there &lt; ° I will be through your territory soon Kindly save your orders for me W.H. HARLESTON Made to measure CLOTHES NEW YORK Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 130 Boylston St. Boston, Mass. Now ready and on sale 1.	 Swing Low, Sweet Chariot. . .$1.50 Negro Spiritual, by Harry T. Burleigh. 2.	 Vesti La Giubba (Put on Your Smock) $2.00 Arioso	 from Pagliacci, Orchestral Accompaniment, Leoncavallo. 3.	 Twilight $1.00 By	 Katherine A. Glen. 7.	 By and By $1.50 By	 Harry T. Burleigh. IN	 PREPARATION, READY ABOUT OCT. 1 4.	 Steal Away to Jesus $1.50 Negro Spiritual by J. Rosamond Johnson Orchestral Accompaniment. 5.	 Una Furtiva Lagrima (A Furtive Tear) $1.50 From Elisir d' Amore. Orchestral Accompaniment, Donizetti. 6.	 I Hear You Calling Me $1.25 By Marshall. These records are manufactured by the Columbia Graphophone Co., and can be played on any disc talking machine. AGENTS BOSTON. Mass.. A. J. Jackson &amp; Co.. 130 Boylstou St. BOSTON. Mass., Harold Whitham, 17S1 Washington St. BOSTON, Mass., Hicks, Lariey &amp; Eaton, 79S Tremont St. BOSTON, Mass.. R. A. Dinsmore. 1221 Tremont St. ROXBURY. Mass.. James Abraham G. Hinton, S6 Humboldt Ave. CAMBRIDGE, Mass., Mrs. G. W. Novell, 10 Beal St., Brookline. Mass. SPRINGFIELD. Mass., J. W. Adams, 150 Eastern Ave. WOBURN. Mass., Edward Caldwell, 3S8 Main St. DETROIT, Mich., Miss Grace L. May, 253 Woodland Ave. MONTGOMERY, Ala., Wm. G. Porter, 36S Margaret SI. TUSKEGEE. Ala.. Arthur Logan, Tuskegee Institute. BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Miss E. 0. Wyatt. 1319 Ave nue II. JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. J. M. Robinson. Jr., 1924 East St. CLEVELAND, Ohio. Andrew M. Sissle, 23SS East 40th St. PORTLAND. Ore., Mis. E. D. Cannady, 401 Bu chanan Iildg. PHILADELPHIA. Pa.. Mrs. Margaret Corbett, 1941 Bainbridee St. KANSAS CITY. Mo., Mervin S. Harris. S45 Everett Ave.. Kansas City. Kan. OKLAHOMA CITY. Okla., R. S. Jaeobson, 224 East 2nd SI. SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Harry O. Johnson, Security Savings Bank. 316 Montgomery St OAKLAND. Cal.. Mis. A M. Smith. 494 Moss Ave CHARLESTON. S. C. E. B. Lawrence. 470 King St NORFOLK, Va.. Miss B. C. Smith, S22 Avenue A. PITTSBURGH, Pa., Mrs. Chas. H. Trusty, S20 Ana- WASHINGTON, D. C. Dr. C. Sumner Wormley, 997 Florida Ave , N. w SPRINGFIELD. III.. Miss Aliee E. Williams. Box 131 Chatham. Ill M A D I SO N VI LLE. Ky., .7. A. Watson, 117 Main St LOUISVILLE, Ky., Mrs. H. W. Jordan 822 W Walnut St. LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Columbia PhonograDh Co PROVIDENCE, R. I.. Miss Fiorina M Williams ''97 Thayer St. Reliable Agents wanted in cities not represented in this list Roland W . Hayes, Tenor. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera, Booking engagements for Continental Toilr, Season 1918-1919. For terms, dates, etc. please write. Mention Tn r CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LULA ROBINSON-JONES Soprano Available for Concert* Telephone 6393 Morning.ide 126 W. 134th Street New York City FLORENCE-COLE TALBERT Sopiano "She has one of the best voices that God has given her race."—Los Angeles Times. "Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Tal bert who beside her natural gift has already reached BUSTS OF a high plane of professional accuracy." Booker T. Washington, Fred Douglass, Paul Lawrence Devries in Chicago American. Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 busts Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals, Oratorio for $5.00. Agents wanted. Send at once. 659 28th Street, Detroit, Mich. THE ISAAC HATHAWAY ART CO. Clarence Cameron White 718 S. HICKORY ST., PINE BLUFF, ARK. VIOLINIST Mrs. M. Watson Rudd. "Critics are one in their 154 West 131st St. high estimate of the splendid New York City attainments of Clarenc e has placed Cameron White and hi a Conupon the maiket her new cert appearance in your city ROSE NINON NTJFEET POWDER. meansIt is especially recommended for of  soldiers, clerks, rail the musical event the season." For terms andd road ami factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS Agents Wanted—Write for particulars. HOTEL WASHINGTON JOSEPHINE A. JUNIUS CONTRALTO First-ClassService "She is the possessor of a Contralto voice, 3427 South Park Avenue. Chicago, 111. lovely in quality, which she uses artistically."— O^car Saenger. AVAILABLE FOR CONCERTS SPEND YOUR VACATION AT 202 W . 140th Street, New York City CLEOTA COLLINS The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and LYRIC SOPRANO old fast aside for the time all the cares and worries "Miss Collins possesses a voice of wonderful quality of their strenuous, nerve racking routine llveB and «hich she man Ages with . • • i : • .1 • • • 1.1- • ami Bkill. Her romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the personal charm ami beauty enhanced the pleasure enjoyed full nature In all her wondrous glory. The watera of from the really rx&gt; t-lleni program presented. The audience the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game Ash of the heat varieties ft music lovers inattendant'*- were enthusiastic in their appreciation of 'h** talented young lady,"—Newark Dally Do you enjoy bathing, boating, fishing, bunting T Vew* - ENGAGEMENTS ACCEPTED Do you enjoy roaming through tbe woods picking 103 W. 143d St. New York City. wild flowers and wild berries f Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you ijoy mingling with the active, thinking. / progressive people of the day—people who do things T / Do you believe In progress and do you want to / have a part In one of the most progressive move-. W e are offering three of tht biggest barments of the tlmef Surely I / gains of the day in the line of Christmas Something Everybody Needs Then you will be Interested in, and want to / cards. Do not fail to make your purchass own a lot of your own In Beautiful IdJewlld, / A through us. You get your cards retail at Michigan. If you act at once you can so-/ Wholesale prices. cure a beautiful lot for only 124.50 eacri $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. When your W e place in every order cards appropriate / payments are completed the lot will be to send to the Boys at Camp or Abroad. transferred to you by an absolute Now is the time to order, if you want your warranty deed with abstract showing cards to reach over seas for Christmas. clear title. Send stamps or money for the spt you de Good live energetic sire, Wonderful assortment for 12c. agents wanted AW i Quality sets at 25 and 50 cents. No like bargains obtainable anywhere. Idlewild Resort / € / JULIAN R. MILLER, Jr. 1201 Spruce St. Philadelphia Company /ff 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are good sellers at jll 1110 Hartford Bid g. /^if..*? oeasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Writ* for samples and agenfs terms. Chicago, IU. The House of Chowning, Indianapolis, Ind. Mention T« E CRISIS, 48 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LARGEST MAIL ORDER HOUSE OF REAL HUMAN HAIR Hand-Made Natural Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, Hair Nets, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair nets. A Real Hair Grower Found at Last Mme. Baum's Well- Known Hair Success Per Jar, 35c and 50c. Mme. Baum's Cold HAIRDRESSERS' TOOLS. Cream, for Cleansing WEAVING FRAMES. HACK LERS MOUNTING the Skin MA 50c CHINES, CARDS. BLOCKS. MME. WALKER'S TOILET PREPARATIONS Mme. Baum's Famous P A Mme. Baum's Shampoo for Cleans- T||P Face Powdf ing the Hair; per box, Ww U per box 35c Mme . Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc. P. O. Box 145, Penn Terminal Station NEW YORK CITY Send three cents for our new catalogue - :ion THF CUISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY Kashmir Preparations for Hair and Skin are the fastest sell • i ing articles of their kind on 1*^1! 1 the market m 1. • Because: They've got the quality IL-Jli They are put up in handsome, attractive jars They win re-orders. Everyone who uses Kashmir buys again and tells other frionds about it. KASHMIR: W e make our agents such a big liberal money making offer. 100% Special offer Including KASHMIR AGENT'S DISPLAY CASE KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO. "Write for it today. Dept. C. 312 S. Clark St. W e want a representative in every town to teach KashCHICAGO, ILL. mir Health and Beauty Courses. We will show you how Barnett Advertising Service. to earn a big salary. WE ARE NOW GIVING THE COURSE BY CORRESPONDENCE Special price for sixty days only $15.00 , payable $10.0 0 with application and $5.0 0 when diploma is granted. Send $1.0 0 for thirty days' trial treatment. We teach only one person in a town, she teaches the rest. Our graduated agents are making money. DERMO COLLEGE CO. 4118 S. State St. Chicago, III. // It Js For your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.JONES. Pr««. N. E. COR. 8th &amp; PLUM CINCINNATI OHIO Mention THE OlSIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER FREE'10.000 MADE TO MEASURE STYLE BOOK You never saw anything like it before. Write quick for your copy os the most elaborate and expensive Guide to Young Men's stunning Styles in tailored - to-measure clothes. It cost us $10,000 to publish it. A postal brings it to you. GET YOUR SUIT FREE. MAKE BIG MONEY Send for our Startling' Offer. No experience needed. Be our onent and make S10 to 515 daily .ind hove all the classy new clothes you want free. \\ pay express charges. All extras free. It's eiisy to tike orders vvth this magnificent ^tyle Book. Jn^t wriie your name an.I address on a postal and MAIL 1* *T ONCE. . AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO.. Dept. 1051 Chicago J SOMETHING NEW. UNDER THE SUN lhanceskin Pantsl_ "AmancesMn" £S^&amp; ALioiTsSkin We Pay Express or Parcel Po»l Chtrgw Made As Yoa Like Them. Anew cloth —-beautiful finish and texture.' Can bo worn tor dress or work and tho formula for weaving "Allianceskia'* ! • oor eiclusivo .roperty. Wonderful value. Only $1.00. ve make suits to measure from 513.50 up; also overcoats. Just mail us your name _ and address and we will send Agents FREE all our catalogs, with Wanted real samples of cloth, illustra-AtOfflCO tions. tape line, order blanks, etc. Biggest bargains you ever saw. Our prices save half. Satisfaction guaranteed. See all our references. SEND NO MONEY. PRODUCERS &amp; CONSUMERS ALLIANCE "..548 . Wholesale Tailors. Chicago Not $1.00. not even 60c, not one cent cost to you under our easy conditions. No extra/ charge for fancy, swell styles, no extra £ charge for extra big, extreme peg-tops, pearl buttons, tunnel or fancy belt/f loops, no. extra charge for anything, all FREE. Before you take another A order, before you buy a suit or pants \ _ get our samples and new offer. Agents of other tailoring houses please wr.te, we havea new deal that will open your eyes. W e ask every man to answer this, every boy in long pants, every man, everywhere. No matter where you live or what you do, write us a letter or postal and say "Send Me Your New Free Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal.Costenothingand noextra charges. Write today, this minute. Address^ ? KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 676 Clilcaso. 111. Luminous paint makes objects visible in the dark by applying same as ordinary paint. Ruminating clock dials that tell time in the dark. LuminatingP match boxes find your matches in the dark. Send 25c for sample. Agents wanted. Write for terms. Manufactured by Bailey &amp; Anderson 2116 Oakford St., Philadelphia, Pa. SPECIAL OFFER We will send 1 picture "Tried and True" 11x14; 1 picture "True Blue," 10x12; both in colors and ready for framing and the full set of Patriotic post cards for 40c. Live, hustling agents make real money on these. Write quick. JULIAN R. MILLER, JR.,12p°nilaXtaStpaet' Telephone, Baring 7794 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. /Central 104-W Telephone I Main 61 HARRY E DAVIS ATTORN EY-AT-LAW NOTARY Pin Lie 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohl. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSILLOR-AT-LAW S18 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORH EY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. T«L UiT Fort HUT Cable Address, Epbeo EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY ADO COUNSELLOR-ATLAW U School Street Boston, Ma n Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORKEYSAT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Patents secured on easy terms ^ "Write^for particulars, JOS. H. STEWART, Attomey-at-Law, 494 Louisiana Ave,, N.W., Washington, D. C. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S NEW YORK AND BROOKLYN EXPRESS Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST 35th STREET ANDREW J. BRAN1C New York City ^A£PO[S~?60 WftltLY «MMM ctinrr m c'oi  rutwtot Slav, Isksis,was Mention THE: CRISIS, m Inform yourself as to THE EXODUS OF THE NEGROES By Reading Dr. Carter G. Woodson's A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION 220 Pages Price $1.10 This book is unique in that it is the first and only scientific treatise in this field. It undertakes to explain why the Negroes have migrated, where they have gone and what they have done. Agents wanted everywhere Send all orders to the author 1216 You Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. BOOKS BY PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER 1. A n Appeal to Conscience (just off the press—MacMillan).... $ .60 2. Race Adjustment (publishers' price, $2) 1.50 3. Out of the House of Bondage (publishers' price, $1.50) 1.25 4. The Three Books Listed Above (publishers' price, $4.10). .. . 3.00 5. The Disgrace of Democracy 100,000 copies already distributed, the largest circulation of any single self-paying document ever issued on the race problem—10c the copy. Agents wanted everywhere—Rate to Agents — 5c the copy Add 10% for postage to all orders. Remittance invariably in advance. Address KELLY MILLER, Howard University, Washington, D. C. KASHMIR PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN Why not be 	It's Easy to Have Clear, a Smooth Skin KASHMIR and Pretty Hair THE GIRL? KASHMIR WAY She "Just Loves KASHMIR" FREE	 FREE Write for new edition famous Kashmir Beauty book. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and the 9 wonderful Kashmir Preparations. Send names and addresses of 25 of your friends with your order and receive full 50c. size Kashmir Cream Powder free. (Any shade) Kashmir Skin Cleanser ) 50 Cents Kashmir Hair Grower ) Postage 8c. KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO., Dept. K, 312 S. Clark St., Chicago, Ill. Barnett Advertising Service.