The Crisis The CRISIS SPRING NUMBER APRIL, 1922 15 CENTS A COPY 28th Annual Financial Statement of the Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. (Condensed) RECEIPTS 1921 Jan. i, 1921, Cash Balance Brought Forward $ 98,688.17 Dec. 31, 1921, Annual Income 781,392-32 Gross Receipts for 1921 $880,080.49 DISBURSEMENTS Dec. 31, 1921, Total Paid Out (Including investments made during the year) $807,957.60 Cash Balance Dec. 31, 1921 $ 72,122.89 ASSETS LIABILITIES Cash Balance Dec. 31, 1921 $72,122.89 Capital Stock $30,000.00 Real Estate 362,266.71 Bills Payable (Unmatured notes on Real Estate Mortgages 86,082.48 Purchase Price of another Company's Federal, State and City Bonds 42,258.00 debit) 60,412.24 Bills Receivable 12,774.29 Real Estate Mortgage (Mortgage as-Furniture and Fixtures 7,500.00 sumed on recent purchase) 4,000.00 Inventories of Sundry Accts 5,210.81 Deposits of Employees 17,400.63 Ledger Accounts 7,510.00 SURPLUS FUND 468,892.31 Total $588,215.18 Total $588,215.18 CAPITAL AND SURPLUS $ 498,892.31 Total Amount of Claims Paid to Dec. 31, 1921 2,511,894.92 The unusual business depression of 1921 was a fiery trial to practically all businesses. The Industrial Sick Benefit Business was especially adversely affected by the lack of employment of thousands of policyholders. Some were forced to retire. Most of them experienced a great slump in the year's business. Only a few were able to show an increase in business over the former year. The Southern Aid Society of Va., Inc., was numbered among the favored few. The Society did its largest business during 1921. It served acceptably a larger number of people than ever before. It is now better prepared to protect its membership—through its New Liberal Policy—which provides for One Small Premium, protection against Sickness, Accident and Death. District Offices and Agencies located throughout the State of Virginia and the District of Columbia. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street RICHMOND, VA. THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 23-No. 6 APRIL, 1922 Whole No. 138 Page COVER "Spring." Drawing by Yolande Du Bois. OPINION The World and Us; The Dyer Bill in the Senate; The Sterling-Towner Bill; Maria Baldwin; The Case of Samuel Moore; The Spanish Fandango; Show Us, Missouri; Again Africa; The Demagog; Help 247 THE NEGRO BANK. Illustrated 253 LEX TALIONIS. A Story. Robert W. Bagnall 254 THE PORTUGUESE NEGRO. Nicolas Santos-Pinto 259 BRAWLEY'S "SOCIAL HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO" 260 SONG OF THE SON. A Poem. Jean Toomer 261 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 262 PRIDE. A Poem. Mortimer G. Mitchell 265 THE HORIZON. Illustrated 266 THE LOOKING GLASS 275 THE RICH BEGGAR. A Poem. Mary Effie Lee Newsome 280 THE MAY CRISIS The cover will be Albert Smith's fine painting of Rene Maran. The special articles will be on the late Bert Williams and on the leaders of Negro fraternities. FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR ANDA HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTION TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA R FNFWAL S • The date o£ expiration of eack subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the lubscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. fTTANGE OF ADDRESS* The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accom panied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. -p^torerl as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 244 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution fecli a juit -pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Trainimg Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciences The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training &amp; Industrial School LINCOLN UNIVERSITY FOR COLORED YOUTH Pioneer in Collegiate and BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high imtltutiea for the training el Miami Theological Education youth. Excellent equipment, thorough lastruotlon. wholesome surroundings. Academic training far all Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various students. Courses In carpentry, airleulture and tradss lor boys. professions in Forty States. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic selenee and domaatla art tor The College is ranked in Class I. by the girls. American Medical Association. A new' trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and madernly equipped. Address; Term, reasonable. Join B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln TJnlvaralt-r, For Information address Cheater County, Penna. W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University. University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1919-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOG AN, President The Cheyney Training School for Teachers Cheyney, Pa. A Pennsylvania State Normal School offering. In addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth grammer grade. Next term begins September 18, 1922. For further particulars and catalog, write Leslie Plnckney Hill, Principal Cheyney, Pa. There Will Be No Summer School for 1922 Mention THE CRISIS. THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work:. Institution offers full courses in the following departments. College, Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, natural drainage, splendid dormitories. Expenses very reasonable. Winter Term Began December 7, 1921 For catalog and other information address 1 PRESIDENT J. KELLY GIFFEN Knoxvllle, Tenn. 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1921 ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 acres of beautiful campus. Twelve buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modem chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use In September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and Sth Grades and 1st and 2nd years* High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 53rd year of nine months opened September 21. 1921. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING, President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. , . The only Institution In the State harln* for Its oWecl Collegiate Ministerial. Medical, and Legal training for Col to°ffi.nc.. Social Seme. Nurdn. and Music. Domestic Science. Mlaslonarr «orr«»°nd«nc. ««™*- Desrsea seTewd. President C. H. Parrlsh ADVERTISER 246 MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist Collega) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y . M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Blddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Departments—High School, Arts and Sciences, Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first Is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students in the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MeCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, ^Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. For further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President dlSHOP J, S. FLIPPER. Chairman Truataa Board Mention THE CRISIS. 246 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Howard University Washington, D. C. Founded by GENERAL 0. 0. HOWARD J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., D.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer COLLEGIATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS (Winter Quarter January 3, 4, 1922 REGISTRATION | Spring Quarter March 18, 20, 1922 FOR CATALOG AND INFORMATION WRITE F. D. WILKINSON, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY Founded 1899 Incorporated 1904 . BEREAN Manual Training and Industrial School (Non-Sectarian) S. College Ave. &amp; N. 19th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Winter Term Opening January 3, 1922 DA Y AN D NIGHT SESSIONS Write1926 for Bulletin to theMATTHE W ANDER S. College Avenue, Principal SON, D.D.  Philadelphia, Fa. VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY (Richmond, Va.) In addition to regular high school, college, premedical and theological courses, now offers an especially arranged course In connection with the School of Social Work and Public Health of this city. This course will lead to a decree. For particulars address The President. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. WASHINGTON, D. C. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1S67 for the Education of Negro Leaden Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, So cial Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Man hood and Womanhood. For further information address F. A. SUMNER, President R0GER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE Founded 1866 Location Ideal It offers courses in the Liberal Arts, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. For further information write SAMUEL A. OWEN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkanas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, Prt.idtnt ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for (Iris, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THX 618TER-IN-CHARGE, 6188 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia. Pa. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNF, -. Principal. Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS Vol. 23. No. 6 APRIL 1922 Whole No. 138 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois THE WORLD AND US cratic trades unions of the American JAPAN won at Washington. Federation of Labor it has so long The Anglo-Saxon Entente been exploited itself that it cannot sought to drive a wedgebetween the two great repre r.ow easily accomplish union. sentatives of the yellow race, but Japan foiled them. China and Japan stand nearer than ever before and the day is in sight when they will present an unbroken front to the aggressions of the whites. America posed as the friend of China but she was simply the friend of exploitation in China and she was out-witted both by Japan and England. The British Empire is yielding to the darker races, not because it wants to but because it must. The white races are split with hatred. The approaching entente between England and Germany is as yet abortive. France is openly catering to the darker races, both yellow and black. For the first time in history England is willing to give Egypt with its Negroid inhabitants the beginnings of political autonomy. She has granted something to India and must grant more. The colored West Indians are pounding on her doors. Black West Africa cannot long keep still. Everywhere effort is being made in America to make the wage laborer bear most of the burden of reduced prices. The coal barons seek to maintain their outrageous profits by the starvation of miners. Everywhere the pressure goes on and labor is impotent because through the aristo Russia is the most amazing and most hopeful phenomenon of the post-war period. She has been murdered, bullied, lied about and starved and yet she maintains her government, possesses her soul and is simply compelling the world to recognize her right to freedom even if that freedom involves the industrial reconstruction of her society. France is incurring the condemnation of the world largely because of her attitude towards Negroes. She paid in blood, destruction and cash more than any other people on earth in order to smash the German military machine. She is now asked to put her trust in England and America rather than in Africa for regeneration and unless she does she is threatened. But threats work two ways. There is a new pope in Rome, an 11th Pius, succeeding the war pope Benedict XV as the 260th successor of St. Peter. He is undoubtedly going to come to better understanding with Italy. But the question that concerns us is whether or not he is going to continue the catering of the Holy See to the wealth of American Catholics; will he continue to allow the American hierarchy, despite some of its nobler souls, to refuse to train and ordain Negro priests? 247 248 THE CRISIS THE DYER BILL IN THE SENATE THE Republican Party at its last convention advocated legislation against lynching in its platform. The President of the United States in his message asked for such legislation. The Republican Party has a large majority in both the House and the Senate. The Republican Party is therefore responsible absolutely for the success or the failure of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill. Moreover among those voting for this bill in the House there are 8 Democrats! One from Illinois, 1 from Kentucky, 1 from Massachusetts, 1 from New Jersey, 3 from New York, and 1 from Pennsylvania. Bourke Cockran and Anthony Griffin, Democrats of New York, and Myer London, a Socialist, spoke in favor of the bill. This puts a double responsibility upon the Republicans because the Democratic help of which they are sure makes their ability to pass the bill beyond any question. Nor is there any need to fear a filibuster in the Senate. According to rule 22, any 16 Senators can demand a vote on the limitation of debate, and debate can be definitely limited by a two-thirds vote of the Senate. The Republicans with Democratic support can command a two-thirds majority in the Senate for this bill. / / then the Senate does not pass the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, any Negro who votes for the Republican Party at the next election writes himself down as a gullible fool. THE STERLING-TOWNER BILL We in February of the vicious provisions in the bill now before Congress and designed to furnish national aid for common school training. By mistake we called this the Smith-Towner Bill because we have become used to looking to Hoke Smith of Georgia for every anti-Negro atrocity introduced in Congress. This was a mistake because, thank God, Hoke Smith is out of Congress, as we trust, forever. The bill now under consideration is known as the Sterling-Towner Bill. But after all, what's in a name? The provisions by which the South is to be allowed and encouraged to make ignorance among Negroes permanent, while white children are educated from the proceeds of taxes paid by Negro citizens, is a disgrace so unspeakable that it deserves the denunciation of every decent American citizen. MARIA BALDWIN I MET Maria Baldwin first in 1885. She was already a school teacher—already the quiet, al most diffident personality, with beautiful brown face and speaking eyes and with a low voice full of earnest inquiry. She had a few of us at her house of an evening, once a week. It was a sort of salon, unnamed, unorganized, but palpitating with spirit. I was then in my hottest, narrowest, self-centered, confident period, with only faint beginnings of doubts and revolt. Most things I knew definitely and argued with scathing, unsympathetic finality that scared some into silence. But Maria Baldwin was always serene, just slightly mocking, refusing to be thundered or domineered into silence and answering always in that low, rich voice—with questionings, with frank admission of uncertainty which seemed to me then as exasperatingly weak. Yet she grew on us all. Her poise commanded greater and greater respect. Her courage—her splendid, quiet courage astonished us, and so she came to larger life and accomplishment. She fought domestic troubles and the bitter never-ending insults of race difference. But she OPINION 249 emerged always the quiet, well-bred lady, the fine and lovely Woman. She died a teacher, teaching men, women and children; and how strange a mockery of our democracy it is that most Americans are chiefly interested to know that her pupils, her thousands of public-school pupils, were white Massachusetts school children. THE CASE OF SAMUEL MOORE SAMUEl MOORE, a Negro prisoner in the Atlanta Penitentiary, has recently been brought int o prominence through the friendship of Eugene V. Debs. Moore had served 30 years for the unintentional killing of Harry Jandorf when he was 17 years old. Out of 48 years he has spent less than 11 years in freedom. He was in a reformatory between the ages of 7 and 11 and was serving a year's sentence in the District of Columbia jail when Jandorf was killed. He was tried by a white jury for killing a white man. The trial lasted two days and the Prosecuting Attorney congratulated the jury on "one of the quickest convictions ever secured in the district". The testimony was conflicting. Moore maintained, and has always maintained, that he killed Jandorf in self-defense, hitting him with a shovel while Jandorf was attacking him with a knife. He said that Jandorf had threatened to kill him and that he had appealed without success to the officers on guard for protection. Moore was sentenced to be hanged in 1892 but President Harrison commuted his sentence to life imprisonment "on account of his youth and the lack of premeditation of the crime". Moore has been at Atlanta since 1902 and has been treated with such cruelty there and knows so much of what has happened that it is impossible to get consideration for his case. Under the parole law he was eligible for parole in 1906 but his case was not even considered until 1913 and was denied then and also in 1916, 1919 and 1920. In 1921 the case was taken up with Attorney General Daugherty and the Attorney General promised to look into the matter. Utterly baseless statements have been made that Moore has assaulted his guards and other prisoners. There is absolutely no record of any such facts. There is, however, a statement of his jailer that unless he is soon released he will go insane. Moore is today the oldest prisoner in Atlanta. Many people of intelligence and integrity speak highly of his character. One of the deputy wardens, who was in charge of him for 10 years, has only good to say of him and offers to do anything to bring about his release and yet he remains in the Atlanta Penitentiary. He is 48 years old and he has been a slave and a prisoner for 37 years. Martha Gruening of New York has for years interested herself in this pitiful case and has secured thousands of names to a petition for Moore's release. Frank Miller of the Mission Inn at Riverside, New York, stands ready to take charge of Moore. President Harding and Attorney General Daugherty are playing golf in Florida. THE SPANISH FANDANGO THE audience was ideal—small, rapt and responsive. After ward in the Parish House we danced amid fresh young joy. Then in an upper room at midnight we foregathered: there was Dabney, of course, master without ceremony; and Gilpin with his voice—that wonderful rolling depth of sounding reverberations, shot with laughter. One of us had run for the Legislature last year—another handled autos, etc. We drank ginger-ale that had a 250 THE CRISIS reminiscent — slightly suspicious — taste. (Gilpin didn't like it—he said he didn't want the flavor spoiled with ginger-ale!) Then one at the piano played an obligato to our talk and laughter, low enticing things, yet not interrupting. We ate—there were biscuits and tender golden chicken and more—and talked reminiscently. Next Dabney bringing out his banjo rollicked Gilpin dancing to his feet. Dabney told an inimitable story of an Uncle Tom's Cabin Company in old Richmond days, all colored: Eliza came in from the wrong side and met the dogs instead of fleeing from them. The dogs got to fighting—the audience was entranced, convulsed. Then at last—it was 2 A.M.—Dabney took down the Golden Guitar and all was still. He played softly the Spanish Fandango. Have you ever heard Dabney play the Spanish Fandango? Dear God! There will be threads of smoke, and sprawling, indistinct men; a tiny tuning as of drops of musical rain and then a swell of silvery sound softening to a wail. The swish and swirl of dark and lacy skirts and flicker of slim young limbs, all crimson beauty. There are skies and trickling waters, lifting and falling to music—whispering and crying; soft, so soft, that at last they drift away to utter music almost soundless, pulsing in ecstacy, with now and anon the rough whir and roll of the recovering bass, out of which the silvery music emerges—re-born, alive, wailing, dancing and dying— I slept the night fitfully with quivering nerves and rose hurriedly—for I had a deed. You see I was tired from talking into the burning eyes of 3,000 school children on yesterday, and from the holy revel of the night, and I had to get to Huntington. There are three lines—two round-about and slow; one, the Chesapeake &amp; Ohio, direct, but through "Jim Crow" Kentucky. I hurried to the city ticket office. Useless—the clerk lied suavely —"the diagram is at the depot—you can easily get a seat there." I did not try. I knew. I walked straight to the Pullman with a porter. The conductor was rough and curt. "Go to the ticket office—I can't sell you a seat." I hesitated. There we stood: a depot porter with golden face and sombre eyes; a black inscrutable train porter. A big fat angry white conductor. Then I girded myself for War. "You can assign me when the diagram comes," I said. "Put the bags on." I stumbled on through the car aflame and bitter. I sank to an empty corner seat. Supposes he continued to refuse. The car was filling. I would buy the whole drawing-room —it was taken, just then. We moved across the slimy Ohio to Kentucky. Ah! he would have me there—Law and Gospel against me. But 1 stuck, grim, with throbbing temples. After a thousand years, he slouched in: "Pullman ticket!" he growled. "I have none—a seat to Hunting ton." "$1.20," he mumbled. It was over and I had won. I leaned back. The thoughtful porter brought me a pillow. I closed my eyes and listened again to the dim seductive strains of the Spanish Fandango. SHOW US, MISSOURI THE colored people of Missouri have taken a tremendous step in advance. Throughout the Border States and the South it has long been the custom to tax colored people for State universities to which only white students were admitted. If an institution for colored youth was maintained, it was a cheap, inferior caricature. Gradually the colored people of the nation are waking up to this unspeakable OPINION	 251 injustice. West Virginia has secured a State Negro college with a fair appropriation. Some improvements in higher educational facilities have been made in Tennessee, Florida, and Louisiana. But only in Missouri have any adequate steps been taken. There a Negro university is planned. A board of curators consisting of a few prominent white and colored men and women have been appointed. For the most part they are educated persons of experience. The State has appropriated $500,000 for new and adequate buildings on the site occupied by the institution known formerly as Lincoln Institute. Here a new Lincoln University is to be built. This is a splendid beginning. Now, Missouri, show us! Establish a scale of decent salaries which will enable the officers and teachers to be self-supporting. Select as president and members of the faculty, men of thorough training, well-known accomplishment, and elither wide experience or unusual promise. Do not take old men who have lived their lives and fulfilled their promise—select young men. You have the pick of the black nation to choose from. Most colored teachers are today wretchedly underpaid and outrageously overworked. There is so little chance for advancement or research or decent support of a family that our best men are being driven out of the profession. Yet we have today 15 young men and women with the degree of Doctor of Philosophy from the highest institutions of the land; scores of students who have made the highest record and are men and women of character and experience. Let Missouri select such a faculty that, beginning with that State, we can sweep through the South and demand and man our schools. AGAIN, AFRICA WHAT we want today is the use of every weapon of civilization to bring about a change of attitude on the part of the world toward Africa. To this end we have commerce, education, religion and continuous and intelligent propaganda. These we have and these are all we have. We have neither armies nor navies, nor airships nor submarines, to apply force to the embattled powers of the world, whose grip today holds Africa. Perhaps it is our greatest opportunity that we are thus weak in our physical demand for justice. With this physical weakness and armed with the rightfulness of our cause, we have a chance to work for a mighty victory by industrial, intelligent and moral means; and with us are working today all the forces that stand for peace and disarmament, that stand for democracy, that stand for human brotherhood. These are powerful allies. We may fail and they may fail. It may be that the appeal to brute force will continue to be the last resource of the oppressed down into the twenty-first and twenty-second centuries; but today and for Africa—no matter what may be true for India and Ireland— for Africa our program is clear: 1.	 To promote modern education of the natives aiming at intelligence as well as technique, and carried out by indigenous schools and native students trained in culture lands. 2.	 To bring together for periodic conference and acquaintanceship the leading Negroes of the world and their friends. 3.	 To promote industry, commerce and credit among black groups. This does not mean yelling and lying and ranting about gigantic projects that never existed, and squandering hard-earned 252 THE CRISIS wealth in crazy and ill-conceived schemes. It means small, efficient, honest enterprises, quietly and carefully carried on for years, until in fifty years or a century we shall have knit the Negro world together in thrift. After this program has been carefully and devotedly and successfully followed, Africa will belong to the Africans and no man will dare gainsay them—and perhaps no one will want to. THE DEMAGOG FROM now on in our new awakening, our self-criticism, or impatience and passion, we I must expect the Demagog among Negroes more and more. He will come to lead, inflame, lie and steal. He will gather large followings and then burst and disappear. Loss and despair will follow his fall until new false prophets arise. This is almost inevitable in every growing, surging group of low intelligence and poverty. But it is permanently dangerous only as the Demagog finds the cleft between our incipient social classes wide and growing. This, under old economic and social conditions, is the day when we would naturally breed aristocracies of birth, wealth, training and talent, and uncared-for masses of brute and criminal poor. Our common social oppression and serfdom to the white world has saved us from these extremes and left us with smaller inequalities of wealth and education than most groups of 12 millions. Nevertheless the ties between our privileged and exploited, our educated and ignorant, our rich and poor, our light and dark, are not what they should be and what we can and must make them. It is here that the New Negro Demagog thrives and yells and steals. "They are ashamed of their race"; "They are exploiting us"; "They are copying the white man's color line"—he shrieks, as he dexterously fills his own pockets and wastes the pennies of the poor. Now the difficulty is that back of his exaggerations and dishonesty lies that kernel of truth that gains him his following; there are plenty of black folk who are bitterly ashamed of their color, who shrink with blind repulsion from the uglier aspects of their race's degradation, and who willingly batten on the black poor. They are few in the aggregate, but they exist; and beside them stand the vast number of us who believe in our race and seek its weal, and yet make no effort to reach down and draw up. These latter see no personal duty of theirs toward black thieves and prostitutes, no responsibility for black poverty. For this attitude we must substitute a feeling of group responsibility, realizing that if we do not know and befriend our unfortunate, scoundrels will use them to their own ends and to our undoing. And such demagogs will be doubly strong because they can count on the applause and backing of the sinister whites; of those who advertise and pat on the back every skunk among us who combines with his filth sufficient ridicule and criticism for our better efforts. HELP ON October 17, 1921, the "Shuf fle Along" Company of New York gave a benefit perform ance for the N. A. A. C. P. which netted $1,026. On October 21, the Ladies' Service Group of Washington, D. C , gave a costume assembly which netted $309. On February 24, 1922, the Committee "of 300 of New l^ork gave a Pre-Lenten Card Tournament and Dance which netted $2,000.00. Three efforts and $3,335 for Freedom! Next? THE NEGRO BANK PRESIDENTSL E. Williams, Jesse Binga,Wage Earners', Savannah Binga State, Chicago NEGRO banking may be said to have ^ begun with the philanthropic effort known as the Freedmen's Savings Bank of shameful memory. It was incorporated by Congress in March, 1865, as the "Freedmen's Savings and Trust Company" and among its incorporators were Peter Cooper, William Cullen Bryant, John Jay, Edward Atkinson, Levy Coffin and many others of equal prominence. This bank lived until 1874 and received in all fifty-five million dollars of the poor freedmen's hard earned cash. It appears to have been decently conducted until 1870 when the charter was amended so as to allow investment in real estate mortgages. The bank failed in 1874, having at the time 32 branches and 61,131 depositors, whom it owed $3,013,699. A I part of this was repaid slowly during the next 20 years, but somebody still owes the defrauded blacks $1,291,121! "Of all disgraceful swindles perpetrated on a struggling people, the Freedmen's Bank was ;imong the worst and the Negro did well lot to wait for justice but to go to bank ng himself as soon as his ignorance and |)verty allowed." t The first Negro bank was the Capitol .vings Bank of Washington, D. C , which oned in 1888 and lasted 16 years, when it OF NEGRO BANKS J. W , Sanford, T. E. Erwin, Solvent, Memphis Commercial, Richmond failed. This was followed by the Alabama Penny Savings Bank in 1890, the Memphis Solvent Savings &amp; Trust Company in 1906, and three banks in Richmond, Va.—the True Reformers, the Mechanics, and the St. Luke. Of these the Alabama and the True Reformers have gone out of business. The other three still survive. The CRISIS has secured a list of 49 Negro banks. A few of these banks (1 in Georgia, 1 or 2 in Virginia, and 1 in Florida) have recently failed. On the other hand, there are a number of small banks from which we have not been able to get reports. There are then 'probably about 60 Negro banks in the country at present distributed as fol'ows: In the South 34: Virginia 14, North Carolina 8, Georgia 6, Texas 2, South Carolina 2, Alabama 1, Florida 1; in the Border States 10: Tennessee 4, District of Columbia 2, Missouri 2, Kentucky 1, West Virginia 1; in the North 5: Pennsylvania 2, Illinois 2, Ohio 1; and about ten other small ones whose exact location we have not learned. The laws as to banking and state requirements differ vastly throughout the country. In the South they are .very lenient and the banks are practically .private institutions with little state supervision ex 253 254 TH E CRISIS eept in the case of the larger ones. In the North, on the other hand, the state supervision is very rigid. The largest Negro banks, according to their date of establishment, are as follows: The Wage Earners' Savings Bank of Savannah, Ga., was established in October, 1900. It had a paid up capital of $50,000 and resources, September 6, 1921, amounting to $1,059,046.43. It had on deposit $925,773.29. It is regularly examined by the state and its president is L. E. Williams. The St. Luke Penny Savings Bank of Richmond, Va., was established in August, 1903. It had a paid up capital of $50,000 and total resources, September 6, 1921, of S538,020.81. Its deposits amounted to 8458,804.69. It is examined regularly by the state and its president is a woman, Mrs. Maggie L. Walker. The Solvent Savings Bank and Trust Company of Memphis, Tenn., was established in July, 1906. It has a paid up capital of $81,072.28. Its total resources amounted, April 28, 1921, to $981,806.75. It had deposits of $879,316.77. It is regularly examined by the state and its president is J. W. Sanford. The Binga State Bank of Chicago, 111., was established as a private bank in 1908, and chartered as a state institution in 1920. It has a capital stock paid in of $100,000. Its total resources, September 6, 1921, were $425,735.58. Its deposits amounted to $299,522.68. It is examined by the state. Its president is J. W. Binga. The Modern Savings Bank of Pittsburgh, Pa., was just opened for business in 1921 with a paid in capital stock of $125,000. Its assets already amount to $188,614.67. It has deposits amounting to $46,617.67. It is regularly examined by the state and its president is Jacob L. Phillips. The Metropolitan Bank and Trust Company of Norfolk, Va., was established in 1909. It has a paid in capital of $150,000. The total resources are $916,755.22 Its deposits, September, 1921, amounted to $678,709.70. The Tidewater Bank and Trust Company of Norfolk, Va., was established in 1919. It has a capital stock of $103,700. The total resources, June 30, 1921, were $555,774.06. Its deposits amounted to $343,859.57. Brown and Stevens, Bankers of Philadelphia, Pa., have a private bank which is not examined by the state. The capital is $100,000. The total resources, September 8, 1921, were $1,233,031.13. Their deposits amounted to $823,356. Some of the small banks are as follows: The Commercial Bank and Trust Company of Richmond, Va., with resources of $132,212; the People's Savings Bank and Trust Company of Nashville Tenn., with a capital stock of $25,604; the Mutual Savings Bank of Charleston, S. C , with a capital stock of $22,081, and deposits of $148,053; +he First Standard of Louisville, Ky., with a capital stock of $63,727; the Farmers and Merchants' Bank of Boley, Okla., with a $20,000 capital and total resources of $198,723; the Mutual Savings Bank of Portsmouth, Va., with resources amounting to $456,664. It is regularly examined by the state. Many interesting and growing institutions have been omitted in this list because we {have not received information from them. We hope to hear from such banks in the near future and to publish a supplementary article. LEX TALIONIS A Story ROBERT W. BAGNALL IT was good to be home again after twelve years' absence in foreign lands. Even when business is good and your firm has treated you as liberally as mine, you long for home and country. These thoughts were in my mind as I sat in an easy chair in my friend's office, awaiting his return from the telephone. The wood-fire on the hearth and its glow warmed the cockles of one's heart. As I puffed my pipe, I thought of the past days I had spent with this man who was my best friend, days of college life with all of their intimate associations. He was a big fellow, big in body, mind, and heart. He had gone far in his profession. Doctor Townes was now recognized as a surgeon of rare ability. Mine host came in and we sat on into the night, smoking ipipe after pipe, talking of old times and of old associates. SOME NEGRO BANKS FIRST STANDARD, Louisville BINGA STATE, Chicago BINGA STATE, Chicago WAGE EARNERS', Savannah METROPOLITAN, Norfolk FIRST STANDARD, Louisville ,255 256 THE CRISIS "What became of Langston?" I asked. "You remember him,—old Czar Langston, the proud Southerner. I think he was from this town and came back here to practice law." My friend sat up straight. "Didn't you hear of his strange case?" he asked. "No," I answered. "The last I heard of him was that he wag establishing a practice in this city." Townes arose and walking over to his book shelves, pulled out a scrap-book and opened it to a clipping. "Read this," he said. It was a clipping from a local paper, the M Inquirer, dated some eight years back. I read: "The whole city is stirred over the mysterious disappearance of John Langston, one of our prominent attorneys and a member of one of the first families of the South, who left his home to see a client five days ago and has not since been heard of. Mr. Langston was called up by Mr. Ketz, the wealthy brewer, whose attorney he is, and requested to come over to his residence at once as he needed his advice on a matter which would not permit delay. Mr. Langston left his house as the clock was striking ten, his wife testifies, saying that he would be home before midnight. He was seen by several citizens on the street and when last observed was entering a secluded park which provides a short cut to Mr. Ketz's residence. No one has seen him since. "Mr. Ketz states that he did not telephone Mr. Langston on the evening in question and that some one must have imipersonated him. The missing attorney's accounts have been examined and found to be in excellent condition, his health was good, and his habits regular. It is feared that he has met with foul play. "Attorney Langston had no enemies and was liked by all except the Negroes, whom he profoundly detested. His wife and two children are prostrated with worry. " A careful search has revealed no trace of the missing man." "This is strange", I said. "Do you mean to tell me that they never found any trace of Langston?" "From that day to this, the world has neither seen nor heard of Langston, so far as it knows", answered my friend. Something in the voice of my friend as he uttered the words—"so far as it knows" —startled me. "Doc", I said "you know far more about this than appears. You have some inside knowledge, something that contains a deep er tragedy than even appears on the sur CRISIS face. Come, tell me, if you can do so, what it is." Townes paced the floor for several minutes, puffing furiously at his pipe. Finally he stopped in front of the fire-place and said: "We have shared many confidences, Bob, old man, and there is no reason why I shouldn't tell you what I know. I know you will be as silent about it as if you didn't know it. I think I shall feel better when I have shared my knowledge with some one." He began: "Langston, you will remember, always hated colored people. You will recall the quarrel we had in college over Flournoy, the big colored half-back and baseball star. "You remember Flournoy, a giant of a fellow, a crack athlete, a splendid scholar, a gentlemanly chaip, jolly but considerate and well liked. He was a fine looking fellow whose Negro blood showed only in his olive complexion and a slight crinkle in his hair. You and I both liked him, you will remember, and when he beat me in the honors contest I didn't begrudge him the place. I knew that the better man had won. "Langston, you will recall, raved about it, saying that such cattle as Flournoy had no business in the university and that the 'nigger-loving' professors had cheated for Flournoy. "I told Langston that he was a cad and a disgrace to the university, and that there wasn't a finer gentleman in the entire university than Flournoy. "Well when I came down here to practice, Langston hunted me up. I think it was largely at the instigation of his wife, who came from the same little New England town as myself and whom I had known from the days when she was a little tot. I used to drop over to his home quite frequently at first. He, like most of the Southerners, was afflicted with Negrophobia. He couldn't talk an hour without referring to the so-called Negro problem. He could not tolerate the Negro in any but a menial position. He thought it a crime for a Negro to show that he had self-respect and he always claimed that education ruined the Negro. His own Negro servants feared and hated him. "He tried in vain to bring me to his viewpoint and was continually calling me to task for calling colored people mister and LEX TALIONIS FLOURNOY'S SISTER madam. He told me that I was ruining myself by accepting invitations to their meetings and holding conferences with them. It was this color matter which finally estranged us. I found Flournoy settled here. He had gone in for chemistry at the university and had secured a position here. He had inherited a little money and had his own little laboratory where he was constantly making experiments. "I hunted him up and had him over often for a pipe and a chat and frequently I would drop in to see him. Langston, when he learned this, remonstrated vehemently and when I told him that I reserved to myself the privilege of choosing my own friends, gave me to understand that no man who took 'a damn nigger' as an intimate associate could come to his home. "Langston and I thus became estranged, although we were friendly enough when we •passed each other on the street. I noted, however, that he was beginning to drink considerably and going with a rather gay set. Once too when we met on the street we were near to quarrelling. "It happened that Flournoy had gone to New York on a business trip. He had me over to his home to tea the night before. His mother, who always reminded me of an old ivory cameo, acted as hostess, and afterwards his little sister, a delicate and pretty child of sixteen, who possessed a voice which gave great promise of rare sweetness, sang for us. "The next day just as I met Langston the sister passed us on the street and smiled sweetly. I raised my hat. " 'Who's that?' asked Langston, raising his hat and at the same time whirling about and staring with his usual, frank, Southern interest in women. " 'Flournoy's sister', said I a bit maliciously. He was angry at having mistaken her for white and made a slurring remark. I resented it hotly. "'Pish!' he retorted, 'they're all alike. I'll show you whom she was grinning at', and he walked away. "How it happened I do not know. Perhaps it was an accident. Perhaps he was drunk. At any rate the night before Flournoy returned, his sister was found prone in The park cruelly assaulted. She died on the third day but not before she had told us all. Langston had met her again and spoken to her. She recognized him as an acquaintance of mine and responded. He followed her and attempted to take her arm as they reached the park. Frightened, she cried out and ran. He overtook her, made an open proposition and when she recoiled in horror, he brutally attacked her. "When she died Flournoy sat in silence, his head in his hands. A half hour later I missed him. I found afterwards that he had been to Langston's house but found him out of town. Still the gentleman, he said nothing to Langston's wife. "A month later Flournoy's mother died, broken hearted. "The world knew nothing of the cause of the little girl's death. He commanded me to secrecy. The little girl had died of brain fever, I reported. When a white man is the guilty party the law jests at such cases, which are too frequent here in the South. "Bob, a passion will burn out a man's life like a stroke of lightning. Never have I before seen a man change as did Flournoy. He had been an upstanding giant, with a straight back and a light step. He had been jolly, enthusiastic, ardent. Now he became stoop-shouldered and old. His hair grew white and his face became furrowed with deep lines. He grew morose and si 258 THE lent and would brood for hours. He became careless of his dress and deserted his acquaintances. He gave up his position and devoted himself to secret experiments, shutting himself up for days in his laboratory, refusing everyone entrance. The old woman who kept house for him said that at such times he would not even come to his meals but ordered her to pass them in to him through a crack in the door. "He wouldn't come to see me, so I per sistently looked him up. I looked for some thing to happen. Langston had returned and had built himself up more and more in his profession. He knew that the girl had died, but what was the life of a Negro girl to him? He seemed more concerned because I always refused to speak to him than about her death. "Why didn't Flournoy kill him, you are about to ask? You or I would have done so. But, Bob, men of mixed blood are some times different. His first passion over, Flournoy did nothing and never spoke of the tragedy or of Langston. He was no coward, I knew that. He had been a fel low who went in a great deal for religion, but now he never went to church and never prayed. Sometimes while talking to me he would grow silent all at once and turn white and shiver as if with the ague, while his eyes would glare like those of a mad man. I feared that he was going insane under the strain. "I remember one night just a week be fore Langston disappeared, I went to see Flournoy. His eyes were bright with tri umph and he seemed more like himself of old, but suddenly he began to glare and shiver and then he burst without apparent cause into wild laughter like that of a fiend from hell. "It caused my blood to curdle. I broke out: 'My God, man, if you don't get away from here you will go mad!' "Instantly he calmed himself and said: T beg your pardon, but I haven't slept for four days and nights because of an experi ment. I am not myself.' "I left him with my mind very much dis turbed about his state. "A week later Langston disappeared. I was at first inclined to suspect Flournoy but found that he had left the city for At lanta the day before the disappearance and did not return until the day after it hap CRISIS pened. When I learned that I was as much at sea as the public. "Now comes a queer thing. Read these, Bob." Townes took out of his scrap-book two old newspaper clippings, dated three weeks after the disappearance of Langston. One was a short clipping. It read: Demented Negro Imagines Himself Langston "A queer incident following the disappearance three weeks ago of Attorney Langston, of whom no trace has been found, is the mysterious dementia of a strange Negro. This man imagines himself to be the missing attorney turned black. He went to Langston's office and insisted upon entrance. When he was ejected he went up to the house and tried to force his way to Mrs. Langston and the children, crying out that he was their husband and father. The servants shut the doors in his face and kept him from disturbing Mrs. Langston, who has been prostrated since her husband's death. Attorney Marsh, the missing man's partner, when interviewed, said that the strange thing about the Negro who is a pure black, is that he somehow reminds him of Langston. The police are looking for the insane man." The second clipping was longer. It had big scare-heads of type: "Negro Brute Tries to Assault Wife of Missing Attorney" It told how the insane Negro, who thought himself Langston, had gone to the Langston home and forced his way tiirough a window. He suddenly appeared in Mrs. Langston's bedroom when she was preparing to retire for the night. She was so frightened that at first she was speechless. He advanced toward her with outstretched arms, crying—"Wife, don't you know me?" When he seized her in his arms, the horror-stricken woman screamed and Langston's uncle, who was in the house, rushed into the room and shot the Negro, wounding him. A mob of the best citizens soon gathered and dragged the monster into the public square. There they kindled a fire and burned the Negro to death. Until the end, the man, moaning and crying and crazed with pain, declared that he was Langston. The article then entered upon an argu ment that the incident showed the danger of educating Negroes, for the creature burned was clearly an educated man. I felt an uncanny feeling creep over me as I finished the article. THE PORTUGUESE NEGRO 259 "What do you make of it?" asked Townes. "I didn't know what to make of it," I answered. "I will continue," said the doctor. "Three months ago Flournoy died. He was terribly injured by an explosion of chemicals. He sent for me and I sat beside him when he died. He told me all. "Bob, that man they burned alive was John Langston!" "But the paper says that he was a black Negro and had kinky hair!" I objected. "Nevertheless he was Langston. It was Flournoy's revenge. He had planned it during the months of brooding after his sister's awful death. "It was Flournoy who impersonated the brewer whom Langston last left home to see. He had left town the day before, doubled on his tracks, got off the train five miles away and secretly made his way to his laboratory. Flournoy met him in the deserted park, over-powered him, bound and gagged him, and took him to his laboratory. There for three weeks he kept him, treating his entire body with a chemical solution he had discovered. With acids he so damaged his vocal cords that no one would recognize his voice. "This was the object of those long, secret experiments to find something which would turn human skin permanently black, with the blackness of a Negro; to find something else which would turn the hair unalterably kinky. The day Flournoy burst into his laugh of triumph, he had at last been successful in his experiments. During those three weeks he pointed out to the helpless Langston in full and graphic detail what awaited him as a Negro. The white man's mind gave way under the strain when he finally looked into the glass and saw himself black with kinky hair, and he became utterly insane. But one lucid thought remained—he was Langston! He wandered to his office and home with the results we have learned. "Langston's relatives and friends had burned him alive because he dared to take his own wife in his arms." My friend fell silent. We gazed into the fire with horror in our eyes, our pipes cold and forgotten. Did the world ever parallel such a revenge ? THE PORTUGUESE NEGRO NICOLAS SANTOS-PINTO A paper read at the Second Pan-African Congress, Palis, September, 1921.1 WHEN I say we, I mean to speak of the great association of Portuguese Negroes with headquarters at Lisbon which is called the Liga Africana—an actual federation of all the indigenous associations scattered throughout the five provinces of Portuguese Africa and representing several million individuals. This federation is directed and presided over by an illustrious colleague of African descent, a scientific man of clear talent and culture. This Liga Africana, which functions at Lisbon in the very heart of Portugal so to speak, has a commission from all the other native organizations and knows how to express to the government in no ambiguous terms but in a highly dignified manner all that should be said to avoid injustice or to bring about the repeal of harsh laws. That is why the Liga Africana of Lisbon is the director of the Portuguese African movement,—but only in the good sense of the word without making any appeal to violence and without leaving constitutional limits. To do otherwise would be to stir up prejudice against a great undertaking and to lose all that has been gained. It has been our dream and ambition to make of our Portuguese Africa from the moral, intellectual and material point of view, a prosperous country,—a dream and ambition to whose realization we will never refuse any sacrifice, but to which on the contrary we will give the very best of our intelligence, of our energy, of our mindis and of our purse. It is indisputable that the different African races which are under the domain of the Portuguese state have not yet attained the degree of development common among white people. I am speaking always of the mass of people for we have with us Portuguese Negroes and half castes who are splendid physicians, inspired poets, engineers, lawyers, musicians, publicists, paint 260 TH E CRISIS ers, financiers, in a word a real and numerous intelligentsia. To attain to a general development we must transform these groups, we must imbue them with a feeling for order, with economic foresight, teach them love of work and give them schools, many schools, both trade and art schools. The thrifty are the strongest. A people which does not know how to practice cooperation is a people ignorant of the conditions of life and more than that without a right to live for it becomes a troublesome element in the human community. Economic action is basic action. This sort of conformity in envisaging the problem with fundamental principles of contemporary sociological science is the heart of all history. To my way of thinking economic action ought to precede all political action, for without fairly comfortable conditions of life we risk suffering surprises which will retard the future of our race. My decided opinion is that when Portuguese Africans know how to get together in strong economic organizations as our brothers have done in North America, they will see their rise as citizens met with great respect. Furthermftre I hold that we ought to start this work immediately in the interest of the future of our race which needs to overcome its native tendency toward lack of foresight. BRAWLEY'S "SOCIAL HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO" THE recent awakening on the part of American Negroes to a sense of racial consciousness is phenomenal when we realize that there is nothing in our secular or religious life to warrant it. For unlike the Jews we have given up our early religious beliefs and forms of worship and have taken on the religious custom of the country. To such a degree indeed that we bade fair for a time to out-Christian the Christians. And it is hardly necessary for me to point out how the secular history of America and indeed of other countries is presented to us in school and college with literally no reference at all to the deeds and exploits of distinguished black men. Our race consciousness arose then spontaneously as a result of a vague straining after the facts which we dimly felt must belong to our racial development. By sheer analogy we evolved the idea that if such and such conditions were a part of the life of other races, they must be a part of ours. And now comes Benjamin Brawley's* "Social History of the American Negro", a book which substantiates all those vague feelings, which by collecting and re-threading the scattered beads in the chain of our racial existence presents to us our racial life as a whole. Here is our pre-American life, our position in colonial days, our priceless gift of labor which as Dr. DuBois has so often pointed out laid the foundation for the country's prosperity. We learn of early slave insurrections before the Revolution as magnificent even in their futility as the revolt of the Colonies against England. We are heartened to learn in detail of the very real part which we played in 1776, and to see the Revolution in the light of what it meant to us. This indeed is the chief merit of the book in that it presents American history as it must have appeared to black men. Through the long years Mr. Brawley leads us up to the Missouri Compromise when the Negro Problem really begins, past Vesey and Turner to the Abolitionists, and the circumstances presaging the Civil War. A special chapter is devoted to Liberia. The last five chapters present a review of civic and social conditions among Negroes. Mr. Brawley's contribution to the Negro problem calls for our gratitude. For the first time we are able to grasp as a whole our life and its many ramifications in this country. When we see the arduous road we have followed and realize that always the struggle has been upward, we know that our hopes for the future are not in vain. J. F. *Thc AlacMillan Company, New York. SONG OF THE SON SONG OF THE SON JEAN TOOMER POUR, O pour, that parting soul in song, O pour it in the saw-dust glow of night, Into the velvet pine-smoke air tonight, And let the valley carry it along, And let the valley carry it along. O land and soil, red soil and sweet-gum tree So scant of grass, so profligate of pines, Now just before an epoch's sun declines Thy son, in time, I have returned to thee, Thy son, I have in time returned to thee. In time, for though the sun is setting on A song-lit race of slaves, it has not set; Though late, O soil it is not too late yet To catch thy plaintive soul, leaving, soon gone, Leaving, to catch thy plaintive soul soon gone. O Negro slaves, dark-purple ripened plums, Squeezed, and bursting in the pine-wood air, Passing, before they stripped the old tree bare One plum was saved for me, one seed becomes An everlasting song, a singing tree, Carrolling softly souls of slavery, • All that they were, and that they are to me,— Carrolling softly souls of slavery. National Association for the Advancement of Colored People THE DYER BILL Following our victory when the House *• of Representatives on January 26 passed the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill by a vote of 230 to 119, the National Office is bending every effort towards prompt and favorable action by the Senate. The bill is now in the hands of the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, composed of the following: Knute Nelson, Minnesota, Chairman William P. Dillingham, Vermont Frank B. Brandegee, Connecticut William E. Borah, Idaho Albert B. Cummins, Iowa LeBaron B. Colt, Rhode Island Thomas Sterling, South Dakota George W. Norris, Nebraska Richard P. Ernst, Kentucky Samuel M. Shortridge, California. Charles A. Culberson, Texas Lee S. Overman, North Carolina James A. Reed, Missouri Henry F. Ashurst, Arizona John K. Shields, Tennessee Thomas J. Walsh, Montana The names italicized are Republicans. The bill has been referred to a sub-committee of the Judiciary Committee composed of Senator Borah, Chairman, and Senators Colt, Dillingham, Overman and Shields. Our immediate task is to show the sub-committee and the committee as a whole that "public sentiment throughout the country demands early and favorable action on the bill. Every interested person is urged to send telegrams or letters to one or all of the names above. A few dollars spent in this fashion will do almost inconceivable good. You have often wanted to do something tangible against lynching. Here is your opportunity! If you cannot afford to send each a wire, send as many as you can. Or get several friends to join you, signing all of your names to the wires. This is an old method but it is most effective. One of the means which the National Office has evolved of demonstrating to the Senate the public sentiment behind the bill is the drafting of a memorial to be signed by eminent citizens. This reads: "Memorial to the United States Senate "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon our country throughout the civilized world and threatens organized government in the nation. "Since 1889 there have been 3,443 known mob murders, 64 of the victims being women. In only a few instances has prosecution of the lynchers been attempted. American mobs murdered 61 persons in 1921, of whom 4 were publicly burned at the stake. "The House of Representatives on January 26, 1922, in response to insistent country-wide demand, passed the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, which invokes the power of the Federal government to end the infamy of American mob murder. "This bill is now in the hands of the United States Senate. The undersigned United States citizens earnestly urge its prompt enactment." This appeal was sent to a selected list of representative persons in America. It has already been signed by 160 individuals, the number including 19 state governors, 18 mayors of large cities, among them the mayors of New York City, Boston, Milwaukee, Louisville, Baltimore and Charleston, S. C ; 87 arch-bishops, bishops and prominent churchmen—Protestant, Catholic and Jewish; 24 college presidents and professors m Harvard, Radcliffe, Columbia, Chicago, California, Howard, Atlanta, Morehouse, Hampton, Pennsylvania, Wellesley, Michigan and other institutions; 33 newspaper and magazine editors, including the New York Evening Post, the Chicago Daily Neivs, the Nation, the New Republic, the Omaha Bee, the Emporia Gazette through the famous author and editor, William Allen White, and many other white and colored journals; 24 eminent jurists and law yers, including George W. Wickers-ham, former Attorney-General of the United States, John G. Milburn, president of the New York Bar Association, Judge Julian 262 N. A. A. C. P. W . Mack of Chicago, Judge Edward Osgood Brown of Chicago, and Moorfield Storey; and 18 other prominent citizens, including Edward W. Bok, owner and former editor of the Ladies' Home Journal, Samuel S. Fels of Philadelphia, L. S. Rowe, president of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, Talcott Williams, former Lead of the Columbia University School of Journalism, and Louis F. Post of New York. Another step was the impressive mass meeting held at Town Hall, in New York City, on March 1. At that meeting Congressman Dyer, Mr. Storey, Dr. Du Bois an d Mr. Johnson were the principal speakers. No stone is being left unturned. Our biggest problem is securing funds to carry on the figbt. We urge every person to contribute as liberally as he can, whether the amount be large or small. If you want to do your share in this fight, act now. The one dollar, or five dollars, or hundred dollars, that you give now may be the margin between victory and defeat! During our eleven year fight we have expended $35, CONGRESSMAN L. C. DYER ing the afternoon there was considerable discussion in the town and Bullock's "offense" grew with each telling. Towards nightfall threats were made to lynch him. That night Bullock's father, a respected minister of the town, had the sheriff lock up his son over night for safe-keeping. A few hours later a mob formed and started to the jail. On meeting a crowd of colored men and boys a fight followed, in which several white and colored men were injured. Later in' the night the mob reformed, went to the jail, seized Plummer Bullock and another colored man and lynched them. The mob then set out to find and lynch Matthew Bullock, a brother of Plummer; but Matthew Bullock escaped and reached Buffalo, N. Y., and later crossed the border into Canada. Bullock resided' at Hamilton, Ontario, for some ten months, working every day and leading an exemplary life. One day he was recognized by a former Nort h Carolinian who informed the authorities at North Carolina, who in turn wired the Chief of Police in Canada, 000. This, however, is less than $3,000 a year to end lynching. During the next three months we could use legitimately and without extravagance, $100,000! America must be aroused! Will YOU help awaken her? THE BULLOCK CASE I N January, 1921, Plummer Bullock, a young colored man, went into a store in Norlina, N. C , to purchase some apples. After paying for some of the better grade, the clerk, a young white youth, attempted to give him some rotten ones. Bullock protested, and when he stoutly maintained that he should receive what he had paid for dispute arose. Bullock left the store when threats were made to beat him for daring to talk back to a white man. Dur a and asked that Bullock be held "for inciting to riot and shooting a white man." The citizens of Norlina txpressed themselves as being "greatly delighted" on hearing of Bullock's arrest and it is declared that they "eagerly anticipated Bullock's return." In this fashion began a case which has aroused greater international interest than any case since pre-Civil War days when fugitive slaves fled to Canada for refuge. The Buffalo Branch asked Mr. White to go to Hamilton, where he spent several days assisting Rev. J. D. Howell, who led the fight to prevent Bullock's extradition, and Treleaven &amp; Treleaven, attorneys employed to defend Bullock. The National Office was also instrumental in securing copies of court records and other necessary 264 THE CRISIS information from North Carolina. A great deal of publicity was gained in the Ameri can and Canadian press, presenting the facts regarding lynching in the United States and proving that Bullock could not be given a fair trial if returned to North Carolina. On January 18, the Canadian Immigration Board, sitting at Hamilton, ordered Bullock to be deported to the United States on the ground that he had not properly reported to immigration officials when he entered Canada. An appeal was immediately taken to the Canadian Commissioner of Immigration, at Ottawa. On hearing the evidence, the Hamilton decision was set aside and Bullock was freed. Early in February, however, Bullock was re-arrested on the demand of the Department of State at Washington, acting at the request of the governor of North Carolina, and was held for extradition on a charge of attempted murder. On February 25, a hearing on the extradition demand was held before Judge Snider at Hamilton. Judge Snider demanded that the state of North Carolina produce witnesses to prove that Bullock was guilty of the charge of crime against him and to disprove that the demand for extradition was solely subterfuge to get Bullock back where he could be railroaded to jail and perhaps lynched, as was generally felt throughout Canada. He adjourned the hearings for one week to allow the producing of such witnesses. Judge Snider acted well within his legal rights in taking such a step. Bullock admitted freely that he fired several shots in defense of his life when attacked by the mob while the mob was on its way to the jail to lynch Plummer Bullock. Under the provisions of the treaty between Canada and the United States, shooting in defense of one's life is not an extraditable offense, while attempted murder is. Governor Morrison of North Carolina at this juncture proved himself either ill-advised or ignorant of the law when he refused to send witnesses to Hamilton. On March 3, Judge Snider ordered that Bullock be released from custody. The National Race Congress at Washington, of which Rev. W. H. Jernagin is president, was exceedingly active in this case and deserves full share of the credit for the victory. The Buffalo Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. was also active, holding three large mass meetings to arouse public interest in the Bullock case, raising funds to aid the National Office in handling the case, and in employing an attorney of Buffalo to defend Bullock in the event that he had been deported to the United States. To Rev. J. D. Howell, of Hamilton, the major portion of the credit should go for his splendid efforts in leading the fight for Bullock. FINANCIAL STATEMENT FOR YEAR 1921 LACK of space in the March issue of TH E CRISIS, made it necessary for us to defer publication of our financial statement for the year 1921. The report in full, is given below: TREASURER'S REPORT of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE AD VANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE Year Ending Decemher 31 , 192 1 BALANCE SHEET ASSETS" Cash in banks, Dec. 81, 1921.. $1,992.72 Value of emblems on hand 127.50 Furniture and fixtures 3,746.81 Petty cash fund 100.00 Tulsa fund 26.37 Anti-lynching fund 151.2 5 $6,144.65 LIABILITIES Due special funds:— Arkansas defense fund $1,087.23 Pan-African congress fund . . 60.3 9 Maclean memorial fund 69.1 6 Special gift fund 27.0 0 The CRISIS 875.79 Accounts payable 3,631.48 $5,751.05 Net worth 393.60 $6,144.65 INCOME AND EXPENSE General Fund INCOME Contributions:— Branches $8,438.76 Miscellaneous 10,081.67 Memberships:— Branches 37,395.77 Members at large 3,166.68 $59,082.88 Literature sales $897.5 0 Branch card files sold 176.50 Profit on emblems sold 70.4 0 $1,144.40 $60,227.28 Net loss 3,438.62 $63,065.90 EXPENS E ' Advertising , $186.8(0 Branch Bulletin 700.82 Clippings 257.5 2 General expense and supplies.Appropriations for legal de 1,886.70 fense 309.5 5 L'Sht 184.6 5 Meetings 182.0 0 Multigraphing 186.8 5 Postage 3,900.0 1 Printing 3.S89.5 6 N. A. A. C. P. Rent of offices 1,839.96 Salaries:— Administrative 10,407.68 Publicity 2,260.00 ldd *  6,724.09 Clerical 15,154.52 Special services 1,225.00 Telepiione 3I9CW13 Telegrams 555.37 Traveling expense 6,877.45 Miscellaneous disbursements.. 8.80 Appropriation towards expenses of Pan-African congress.... 850.00 Deoreciation	 on furniture..... 197.20 Pins and buttons 1,359.77 Accounts payable 3,631.48 $63,605.91 SPECIAL FUND ANTI-LYNCHING FUND Balance in bank, Dec. 31, 1920 $1,550.11 Receipts during the year ],6G3.8f $2,221.9£ Expenses during the year 2,373.2-1 Deficit	 $151.2U ARKANSAS DEFENSE FUND Balance in bank Dec. 31, 1920 $1,214.51 Contributions received during year.... 2,678.31 $3,892.81 Expenses during the year 2,805.0:; Balance Dec. 31, 1921 $1,087.2.' TULSA RELIEF FUND Contributions received $3,506.24 Expenses 3,532.61 Deficit	 $26.31 PAN-AFRICAN CONGRESS FUND Contributions received $2,813.1; Expenses 2,752.7.' Balance Dec. 31, 1921 $60.3: CRISIS FINANCIAL STATEMENT Revenue	 Dr. Cr. Sales	 $38,596.75 Subscriptions $16,047.50 Less unexpired subs... 6,308.74 9,738.76 Advertising revenue 14,918.79 Interest on Liberty Bonds.... 63.75 Total revenue	 $63,318.0. Expenses Crisis book accounts $154.75 Paper purchases 11,727.00 Printing 13,89».31 Engraving 1,079.66 General expense 6,105.89 Salaries 21,780.00 Postage 4,591.40 Stationery and supplies 1,172.50 Bad debts 3,965.58 Depreciation 201.42 Total expenses $04,677.16 ASSETS AND LIABILITIES ASSETS LIABILITIES Cash in bank.. $32.89 Accts. payable: Petty cash fund 25.00 (schedule 1) $3,728.67 Accts. receivable: "History of Ne-Advertisers .. 9,300.11 gro in the War" 83.25 Agents 17,309.20 Reserve for iin- N. A. A. C. P. 875.79 expired subs. 6,308.i"4 Depos. w. P. O. 325.00 Net worth 23,784.31 Liberty Bonds.. 1,500.00 Paper inventory 602.12 Crisis bank ac counts inven. 99.17 I'urn. &amp; fix.. . . 3,826.90 Unexpired insur. 8.73 $33,904.97 $33,904.97 A CONTRIBUTING MEMBER A N appreciated action was that of the Supreme Lodge, Knights of Pythias of the Eastern and Western Hemispheres, at a session recently held in New York City, when it voted to take out a contributing membership as a body in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. We should be happy to have other fraternal organizations of the country follow the Pythians' example. The letter making application for membership reads: The Supreme Lodge of the Knights of Pythias of the Eastern and Western Hemispheres, at its session recently held in New York City, voted to ally itself with your organization as a contributing member thereof, if such is permissible, and to pay each year for said membership the sum of $100. (Signed) W. ASHBIE HAWKINS. PRIDE MORTIMER G. MITCHELL OH ! Negro youth, Let me say to you That pride should swell Your heart bands too, When e'er you hear A national air, Or see the flag Float free and fair; For in the days That have gone by, Your father's blood Has helped to dye The glorious hue Of every stripe. He fought To give this country might; On many a battlefield He's bled, And in foreign sod He's left his dead. The Horizon compiled by Madeline G. Allison MESSIA H Baptist Church in Yonkers, N. Y., and Mt. Olivet Baptist Church, in New York City, have appointed women as members of the Board of Trustees. The appointees are Mrs. Emily Brown at Messiah and Mrs. Richetta R. Wallace at Mt. Olivet. C Bishop Brooks, formerly of Baltimore, Md., is now Chaplain for the Supreme Court of Liberia. C A 10 percent dividend has been declared by the Sumter Investment Corporation, a Negro real estate enterprise in Sumter, S. C. Messrs. W. T. Andrews is 'president; R. M. Andrews, vice-president; and H. D. McNight, secretary-treasurer. C Anita Patti , Brown, the noted Negro singer of Chicago, 111., is studying in Europe under Herr Victor Beigel. Miss Brown is attended by her accompanist, Miss Doxie. They will resume recitals in America in the fall of 1922. C Messrs. James B. and Benjamin N. Duke have donated $75,000 toward a hospital iov Negroes in Durham, N. C. A similar sum is now to be raised by colored and white citizens. The following persons have been elected members of the Board of Trustees for the hospital: Dr. S. L. Warren, president; W. G. Pearson, vice-president; I. M. Avery, treasurer; W. Gomez, secretary. C During 1921, over 1,200 homes were constructed in Atlanta, Ga. The Negro race built 25 per cent, of thest homes. C During the 20th National Conference of the Y. M. C. A., the overseas secretaries held a reunion. In the picture are Messrs. B. F. Lee, Jr.; J. E. Blanton, B. F. Hubert, Robert E. Parks, William Stevenson, George Thompson, John Hope, A. L. James and B. F. Seldon. OVERSEAS SECRETARIES OF THE Y. M. C. A. 266 THE HORIZON REAR VIEW OF VILLA LEWARO, IRV1NGT0N-0N-THE-HUDS0N, NEW YORK G Mrs. Lelia Walker-Wilson, daughter of the late Madam C. J. Walker, has arrived in Cairo, Egypt. This is her first stop en-route from Paris to Palestine. Mrs. Wilson recently contributed $1,000 to the National Child Welfare Association to aid in its work among the colored children of the country. The photograph is a reproduction of Villa Lewaro, Mrs. Wilson's mansion at Irvington-on-the-Hudson, New York. La Tribuna of Rome reported Mrs. Wilson's presence during the papal election as follows: "We could not fail to mention in our inventory of those present, as most prominent among the vast throng, Mrs. Lelia Walker Wilson of New York." C Gross receipts of the Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., for 1921, amounted to $830,080; disbursements, $807,957. Its cash balance December 31, 1921, was $72,122, with a capital and surplus of $498,892; its assets are $588,215. During 28 years of business the company has paid claims amounting to $2,511,894. Messrs. J. T. Carter is president; B. L. Jordan, secretary, and W. A. Jordan, assistant secretary. C R. Augustus Lawson, pianist of Hartford, Conn., has been heard in pianoforte recitals at Fisk University, Talladega College, Spelman Seminary, Tuskegee Institute, and in St. Louis, Mo. C In Detroit, Mich., Robert L. Ward, a Negro, has been elected a constable. Mr. Ward was a former overseas officer. (I Millie Nash, of 313 Sprott Alley, Sewickley, Pa., solicits information leading to the whereabouts of her daughter, Lizzie Easton, whose maiden nam© was Lizzie Law. C In November, 1919, John T. Oatneal was elected one of tw.o Justices of the Peace in Washington Court House, Ohio, for a term of 4 years. He is the first colored man 268 THE CRISIS John T. Oatneal Julius C. Westmoreland ever elected to office in the County. Mr. Oatneal has made a splendid record and during the Presidential campaign of Mr. Harding, he filled a number of assignments under the State Speakers' Bureau. During the Taft administration he was examiner in the United States Pension Bureau. He was born in Franklin County, January 8, 1868. He received the degrees of A. B. from Virginia Normal and Collegiate Institute in 1890 and LL.B. from Shaw University in 1893. C. Collector Malcolm H. Nichols in Boston, Mass., has appointed Julius C. Westmoreland, a Deputy Collector of Internal Revenue. Mr. Westmoreland was born in Atlanta, Ga., January, 1879, being one of 10 children. He attended Atlanta University for 4 years, and went to Boston in 1902, where he was employed by Harvey Fisk &amp; Sons, a leading investment and banking house. After this firm discontinued its Boston office, in 1915, Mr. Westmoreland opened an office of his own and acquired several large real estate holdings. In 1910 he received a certificate from the Lowell Institute Collegiate Courses in cooperation with Harvard University; later he completed courses at the Suffolk Law School in Boston. Mr. Westmoreland is married and has one child. 0 Robert S. Cobb, secretary of the Missouri Negro Industrial Commission, enjoys the distinction of being the first Negro of Missouri to have an office and clerical force in the State Capitol, at Jefferson City. Mr. Jobb was born February 2, 1888, at Cape Robert S. Cobb J. Arthur Jackson Girardeau, Mo. After graduating from Knoxville College he took post-graduate work in History and Constitutional Law and became a teacher in the public schools of Missouri. His father, the late Professor J. S. Cobb, served as a public school teacher for 38 years. Mr. Cobb was business and religious secretary in the army "Y " at Camps Dodge and Dix. In 1911, he married Miss Bessie Mae Myers of Clinton, Tenn., and is the father of 3 children. The Industrial Commission is asking the Legislature for an appropriation of $25,000 to carry out more effectively the educational and industrial phases of the Commission's work. C The position of State Librarian is a new achievement among Negroes. Not only does the librarian have charge of the copywriting and filing of all State documents and reports, but he also handles matters such as looking up questions of law for judges and members of the Bar. J. Arthur Jackson of Charleston, W. Va., was appointed Assistant State Librarian by the late S. W. Starks, the first colored State Librarian, in 1901. He served in this capacity until 1917 when the Supreme Court appointed him messenger and librarian. A few months ago he was appointed Librarian of the State of West Virginia. (I John W. Lewis, a Republican, has been elected a member of the Borough Council in Morrisville, Pa. The town has 2,000 white and 15 colored voters. Among Mr. Lewis' opponents was an ex-postmaster. In Morrisville, Mr. Lewis is the second larg THE HORIZON John W . Lewis Amos M. Scott est tax payer, a director and vice-ipresident of the Chamber of Commerce, a large stockholder in the New Morrisville Trust Company, and chairman of the Street Committee. Mr. Lewis has done business in coal, hay and feed, and real estate insurance and general brokerage. He was born in 1866 in the suburbs of Morrisville, Pa., and educated at the local public school. (I Amos M. Scott was born in Peach Bottom, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, November 21, 1859. He left home when 9 years old, tramping 95 miles to Philadelphia. His capital was 35 cents. He sold newspapers, blacked boots, and worked as a teamster. Later he worked for 3 years in the United States Mint, after which he served a term as Assistant Postmaster of the Senate, in Harrisburg, and as Record Clerk in the Quarter Sessions Court in Philadelphia; then he embarked in hotel business, operating Hotel Scott at 12th and Pine Streets, Philadelphia. At the fall primary in 1919 Mr. Scott was a candidate for the office of magistrate. He was defeated; however, in November, 1921, he won the election by a majority of 60,000 votes. The citizens of Philadelphia have tendered Mr. Scott a banquet at which more than 600 people were present, including Judges, Senators and Representatives. In 1888 Mr. Scott was married to Malvina Gurley. They are the parents of 3 daughters, the oldest of whom is her father's confidential clerk. C In the death of P. B. S. Pinchback, at The Late Gov. Pinchback The Late Mr. Williams Washington, D. C , we realize the passing of a Negro who from small beginnings rose to be Senator and Governor. Mr. Pinch back was the son of Major William Pinch back, a white planter of Mississippi. His mother, Eliza Stewart, was a mulatto. Mr. Pinchback received his education in Cin cinnati and began life on his own responsi bility as a cabin boy on canal boats. In the sixties he enlisted and became a cap tain of volunteers. He entered politics in 1867. In 1871 he was appointed a school director; in 1872 he was Congressman, and in 1873 Acting Governor of Lou isiana; and in 1882 Surveyor of the Port of New Orleans. He was refused his seat as United States Senator, though the in justice of his unseating was so great that the salary was appropriated to him. Mr. Pinchback was born May 10, 1837. In 1860 he was married and became the father of 6 children. He is survived by his widow, 3 sons and 1 daughter. C. The late Samuel Laing Williams was an attorney, a civic worker, an author, a public speaker, and Assistant United States District Attorney in Chicago during the Roosevelt and Taft administrations. Mr. Williams was born in Savannah, Ga. At the age of 9 he went to Lapeer, Mich., where he attended public school and was graduated from high school with honors. He entered Michigan University and won the first degree awarded a colored man in that institution; later he was graduated from the Columbia College of Law in Wash 270 THE ington, D. C. For a few years he served as a clerk in the Pension Office, and in 1889 he went to Chicago where he became associated with the firm of Barnett &amp; Williams. Mr. Williams is survived by a widow, Fannie Barrier Williams. C Biddle University at Charlotte, N. C , will be known in the future as the Johnson C. Smith University, in honor of its largest individual donor. In order to perpetuate the former name of the school, the Administration Building has been named Biddle Memorial Hall. Since September, 1921, Mrs. Smith has given $115,000 for buildings and a sufficient sum for the erection of an arch over the main entrance of the campus. Her further benefaction will provide a permanent endowment fund for current expenses, enlargement, and upkeep of the university. Dr. H. L. McCrory is president. C The "Negro Veterans of the World War" has been organized with the following officers: Dr. T. E. Jones, national chairman; Captain Campbell C. Johnson, vice-chairman; Louis R. Mehlinger, secretary; Victor R. Daly, national organizer; Elijah Reynolds, treasurer; William A. Ryles, director of publicity; Captain N. B. Marshall, chairman of the New York District. Dr. Jones says: "The organization is the inevitable outgrowth of the discrimination that has been practiced everywhere against the Negro veteran. Especially has this discrimination been most rampant in the South, in the treatment of suffering and CRISIS disabled men. Our organization means to root out these cases and to stir up the country to the suffering and dire need of these men." C Secretary of the Treasury Mellon has approved the expenditure of $2,500,000 for a Negro veterans' hospital in Tuskegee, Ala. Mr. Mellon's approval of the site was made over the protest of colored ex-servicemen throughout the North who urged that the hospital be located at a place where it would not be necessary for soldiers and their families to ride in "Jim-Crow" cars in order to reach it. (I The colored General Hospital in Kansas City, Mo., is the largest municipal hospital in the United States. It is rated as "A " class according to the standardization of the American College of Surgeons, the American Medical Association, and the National Medical Association, and its graduates are recognized by the State of New York. It has a bed capacity of 300. Its staff consists of 47 nurses, a superintendent of nurses, an assistant superintendent of nurses, a supervisor of contagious diseases, an assistant supervisor of contagious diseases, 6 supervisors of departments, a pathologist, an assistant pathologist, a technician, a clinic physician, a visiting iphysician, a roentgenologist, and 9 internes, one of which is a dental interne. The visiting staff consists of 65 physicians. The institution has its own laundry, steam heating and electric light plants. It is supported by the tax payers of Kansas City, and every STAFF OF GENERAL THE HORIZON position connected with this hospital is filled by a colored person. The Superintendent is Dr. William J. Thompkins. G Three white and two Negro members of . a lynching party have been sentenced to life imprisonment at Oklahoma City, Okla., for the lynching on January 14 of Jake Brooks, a Negro packing-house worker. They are Lee Whitley, 29; Charles Polk, 18; Elmert Yearta, 19; Robert Allen, 27; Nathan Butler, 40. The last two are Negroes. Judge James I. Phelps in pronouncing sentence told the defendants that their conduct warranted the electric chair. G The Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity has granted two scholarships of $50 each out of its Douglass Scholarship Fund. At the last convention this fund was reorganized and in the future the scholarships will be larger. Dr. Thomas W. Turner, of Howard University, is chairman of the fund. G Mt. Moriah Baptist Church of Camden, S. C , has celebrated its 56th anniversary. Judge Mindle L. Smith was the principal speaker. The church was established by the Rev. Monroe L. Boykin who served until 1898 and has been made pastor emeritus. He has been succeeded by his son, the Rev. J. W. Boykin. G The sum of $30,000 has been given to the" National Association of Audubon Societies to aid in the study of wild birds. Mr. T. Gilbert Pearson, who is president of the organization, at 1924 Broadway, New York City, states that teachers who form Junior Audubon Clubs will receive free material to aid in their work of teaching bird study. G Among those elected to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees at Howard University, is Dr. M. O. Dumas, a Negro physician of Washington. Others are Milton E. Ailes, vice-president of the Riggs National Bank of Washington, and General John H. Sherburne, who led a colored artillery regiment in France during the World War. G A scholarship of $2,000 is to be established for Harvard University in memory of the late Maria L. Baldwin, the Negro principal of the Agassiz School in Cambridge, Mass. C Edward Jones has been awarded $5 in gold for the best design for a letterhead to be used by the Musical Art Society of Hampton Institute. This society is responsible for the series of concerts during the winter at Hamlpton. Among attractions this year is the Russian Symphony Orchestra. G The Elbridge L. Adams Prize Debate has been held at Hampton Institute. The subject was "Resolved, That the United States Government Should Own and Control Its Mining Industry". The Douglass Literary Society presented the negative argument and won with the following team —John T. Jones, S. Miller Johnson, Harry E. Cook. Each one was presented with a gold medal. The Dunbar Literary Society presented the affirmative side. The Adams Prize Essay Medals were awarded as fol- HOSPITAL, KANSAS CITY 272 THE CRISIS lows: W. A. Shields, silver; J. W. Williams, bronze. The subject related to government ownership and control of the mining industry, with special reference to coal, iron and petroleum industries. G. Abyssinia Baptist Church, in the downtown section of New York City, has been sold for $190,000 and property has been purchased in the Harlem Negro section, 138th Street and Seventh Avenue, where a $335,000 edifice will be erected. This church was organized 114 years ago. The Rev. A. Clayton Powell has been pastor for the past 14 years. The membership is 4,000. C The Florida Sentinel Publishing Company at Jacksonville, has declared a dividend of 5 percent on its stock. The company owns and operates a printing plant valued at $30,000. The business of the corporation during last year amounted to $41, 000. C The Choral Society of Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute recently sang before legislators in the hall of the House of Delegates, in Richmond. Miss Anna L. Lindsay was the musical director and Miss Johnnella Frazier, the accompanist. Two quartettes were composed of Misses Acquilla Matthews, Gladys Sears, Beatrice Robinson, Ruth Robinson and Messrs. Archie Richardson, Clifton Averette, James Fuller, Leroy Turner. Professor John M. Gandy is principal of the school. C The Radiator, a Negro bi-monthly insurance magazine, is being published at Durham, N. C. Its purpose is to fill a need among colored insurance sellers and buyers for a closer association with each other and a greater knowledge of insurance practises. It requests every Negro insurance company to appoint a contributor to supply it with news about his company. The editor is Sadie Tanner Mossell. C. Among numbers presented at a Cappella concert of the Oratorio Society of New York, held at Carnegie Hall, was "Music in the Mine", by R. Nathaniel Dett, the Negro pianist-composer. This number was the only one repeated. C Three plays for benevolent purposes have been presented since 1919 by the I. X. L. DRAMATIC CLUB, MINNEAPOLIS THE HORIZON AT THE CONVENTION OF THE DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY IN PHILADELPHIA I X L Dramatic Club of Minneapolis, Minn. The success of the players is due to the interest and direction of Miss Eva B. Walker. Among plays which the club will present in the future are works of Albert Hurt, a promising young Negro writer of Minneapolis. Each member of the I X L Dramatic Club is also a member of the local branch of the N. A. A. C. P. C The Delta Sigma Theta Sorority held its annual convention at Gamma Chapter, University of Pennsylvania. The convention headquarters were located at Bennett Club House, this being the first time that a colored organization has convened within the walls of this institution. A plan was formulated for the establishment of a National Federation Board which shall control certain activities and relations between the existing colored sororities in the United States. The next convention will be held December 27 to 29, 1922, at the University of Iowa. C Henry O. Tanner, the Negro artist in Europe, has been selected among 25 of the world's most eminent artists whose work will be shown in Pittsburgh, Pa., at the 21st International Art Exhibit. Eleven of Mr. Tanner's paintings were recently on exhibit at the Detroit Institute of Arts. Since 1895 Mr. Tanner's work has been exhibited annually in the Paris salon. In 1897 his picture "The Raising of Lazarus" won a medal and was purchased by the French government for the Luxembourg. C After three weeks' operation, the colored Carnegie Branch Library in Oklahoma City, Okla., had issued cards to 206 persons, with a record of an average daily loan of 60 books. C Among the 15,000 waiters, cooks, and pantry attendants of the Pennsylvania Railroad, not a single case of contagious or communicable disease was found during two months' examination. C In the Legislature of New Jersey, Dr. W. G. Alexander, a Negro, has begun his second term of office. C The City Council of Philadelphia has passed an ordinance appropriating $100,000 for the erection of a recreation center to be named in honor of the late Fannie Jackson Coppin. Mrs. Coppin was the wife of Bishop L. J. Coppin and a well-known social worker. C Twelve million dollars worth of insurance was written during last year by the Standard Life Insurance Company of Atlanta, Ga. It paid $149,000 in death claims among 132 policyholders. It has a total of $20,700,000 worth of insurance in force. The officers of the company are Messrs. Heman E. Perry, president; N. B. Young, T. H. Hayes and A. L. Lewis, vice-presidents; J. A. Robinson, secretary; C. A. Shaw and C. E. Arnold, assistant secretaries; T. J. Ferguson, cashier; R. L. Isaacs, treasurer; Dr. C. C. Cater, medical director; W. H. King, director of agencies; George D. Eldridge, actuary. 274 THE C In the high school at Rockford, 111., Roland Williams finished the 4 year course in 3% years. He had 36 credits, while only 32 are required. William Garrett performed so well as a football player that he was picked as an all star man on the circuit team. G At the first annual meeting of stockholders of the People's Ice &amp; Fuel Company, Little Rock, Ark., nine-tenths of the stock was represented in person or by proxy. After 5 months' operation, the management reported a net profit of $12,000. C The Progressive Choral Society of Bowling Green, Ky., has presented Mine. Florence Cole-Talbert, coloratura soprano, in a recital at State Street Baptist Church. There was a large and appreciative audience. Mrs. Talbert was assisted by Charles R. Taylor, a student of Howard University. Miss R. Lillian Carpenter was at the piano. G Daisy Payne, colored, has been elected a member of the executive committee of students at Indiana University which will have general executive supervision of the million dollar memorial campaign. Members were chosen on a basis of scholarship and prominence in student affairs. G On February 14, in Boston, Mass., Gov ernor Cox and Mayor Curley were speakers at the celebration marking the 105th anni versary of the birth of Frederick Doug lass and the 5th anniversary of the dedi cation of Frederick Douglass Square. Flags at the City Hall, Faneuil Hall and the State House were flown at half mast until noon. G The Coleridge-Taylor Chorus of Toronto, Canada, has given a recital. The aim of the group is to become a 'permanent Canadian chorus. Since last April the organization has grown from 19 to 50 mem CRISIS bers, with Messrs. Robert P. Edwards and Earnest A. Richardson as conductor and associate conductor, respectively. G A new site, which cost $155,000, has been purchased for Walden University in Nashville, Tenn. The old property has been adjoined to Meharry Medical College, for which the General Education Board and the Carnegie Foundation have appropriated a cash endowment of $500,000. C The Board of Education in Washington has adopted a resolution which will give all persons, regardless of race or creed, access to and use of the branch libraries to be established in the District public schools. C The following lynchings have taken place since our last record: Texarkana, Ark., February 11, P. Nor man; threatening a white man. Ellaville, Ga., February 13, Will Jones; shooting two white farmers. Indianola, Ga., February 17, John Glover; shooting up Negro school-house. G Virginia D. Sutton, a colored woman of Chicago, has won a judgment for $50 against the Missouri Pacific Railroad. Mrs. Sutton purchased a ticket for Little Rock, Ark. A conductor required her to ride in the Negro smoking-car, as the Negro passenger coach was filled; when she refused to do so, the train was stopped and she was put off. G Lawrence Warner, for 25 years an employee of the City National Bank, New-York, and for 30 years a resident of Brooklyn, is dead at the age of 68. He was born in Alexandria, Va., and is survived by a widow, 3 sons, 1 daughter, and 1 brother. G In Little Rock, Ark., a new colored Y. W. C. A. building has been erected by the National Headquarters at a cost of $40, 000. The colored people, themselves, furnished the building at a cost of $7,000. CLAYDA CLUB Y. W. C. A. GIRL RESERVES, NORFOLK, VA. Y. W. C. A., LITTLE ROCK, ARK. The Looking Glass LITERATURE WHER E the mind is without fear and the head is held high; Where knowledge is free; Where the world has not been broken into fragments by narrow domestic walls; Where words come out from the depths of truth; Where tireless striving stretches its arms toward perfection; Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit; Where the mind is led forward by Thee into ever-widening thought and ac tion— Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country wake. —Rabindranath Tagore. * * * The success of New York Negroes on the stage has been duplicated recently in Los Angeles by the production of "Afri canus", a two-act play by Eloise Bibb Thompson. The Los Angeles Record says approvingly: Working with pliable material sensitive to color and rhythm, Olga Grey Zacsek, di rector, produced some interesting results with "Africanus". There was nothing stiff nor ungraceful about the work of these Ne gro actors and actresses and the lilt of their musical voices was pleasing to the ear. . . . The play is rich in Negro humor, some of it of a delicious order, and the audience was kept laughing most of the time. The epilogue was unusual in its sensuous beauty, no little part of the effect being due to the artistic dancing of Anita Thompson. In stage settings Miss Zacsek has struck a note entirely new to Los Angeles, follow ing the lead of Arthur Hopkins and Edmund Johnson, disciples of Gordon Craig. Tracy and Oliver were the artists. H. W. Hanemann writes in Life of Achmed Abdullah's "Night Drums" (McCann's) : The native drums (which go rub-rub-rubrumbeddy-rub and then banng) whisper the sinister news of "rinderpest striking the long horned cattle of the Massais . . . of a M'pongwe medicine-man brewing dead mysteries" and of a fast black Master Mind plotting to becomei the 'Imperial Wizard of an All-African Ku Klux Klan to overthrow the white control. Unfortunately, they also whisper a lot of indigenous names which mieht have been made up out of the top row of letters on a typewriter keyboard. These choice cuts of native dialect stick up throughout the book like seven foot fences. Just as soon as you are able to take M'yamt M'bi-likini without holding on the pommel, along comes Rakaiz al-'Utabs and knocks you for a row of zaouias. Ail Likewise, gewald! Unless you are terribly wrought up over African intramural affairs, you'll probably fall right off at the first etymological jump. * * * An exhibit of Negro art was held recent ly in the 135th St. Branch of the New York Public Library. Here, through the activity of Mr. A. G. Dill, the work of some 38 col ored artists was shown. Worth Tuttle commenting on the exhibit in The Freeman, asks: What does one expect to find in such an exhibition of Negro art: the imagination and humor of such yarns as Uncle Remus vsed to spin; the unique pathos of the spirituals; or the depth of tragic feeling which Mr. Du Bois and others have revealed in Negro literature? One feels, however, that it is not quite fair to make such demands of a first exhibit of Negro painting. The painter, especially the young painter, is likely to be unconscious of anything so limiting as race; and if, in the peculiar case of the Negro, he is conscious of it. he is likely to be sensitive about revealing it. Both his temperament and his training under white masters, with white models, in c'asses with students of other races incline him towards catholic views or a lack of interest in racial work. Yet in the field of nainting and sculpture the American Negro has a freedom for self-expression that has been denied him in literature. For such expression, three sources of inspiration and material are open to him. There is the history of the race, there are the contemporary types of Afro-Americans; there is also, as Mr. Benjamin Brawley remarks in "The Negro in Literature and Art", the racial temperament The historical material for the Negro artist lies in the story of the pre-dynastic empires of Africa and the incidents of slave-days in America. It would be absurd to see anything more than an artificial connection between the Ethiopians of ancient Africa and the Negroes of modern America. The American Negro today, however, reading of the discoveries of the remains of early African culture, can experience the same thrill of racial and national pride which the American Jew ex 275 276 THE periences when he thinks of the restoration of Jerusalem and the Sinn Feiner feels about the Celtic revival. Who knows but that the Negro, with all his innate appreciation of beauty, and fired by the knowledge of the past glories of his race, may develop in the country an art as natively expressive as that of Nubia at the height of its civilization? It is interesting to note as the first utilization of this African material, the symbolic Egyptianesque figure of a Negro girl recently presented to the New York Public Library by Meta Warrick Fuller, the Negro sculptor whom Rodin commended. ALL ABOUT THE DYER BILL A SUMMARY of press reports on the Anti-Lynching Bill follows. First as to party feeling: The Petersburg Index-Appeal feels that "it is a matter of deep regret that the democrats in Congress should have lent themselves to the republicans for a cheap political trick", since, so far as it "can recall the House democrats have not made such an issue of any other measure which has come up recently". "So bitter has been the democratic opposition that the bill may be regarded virtually as a party measure", states the Pittsburgh Press, which prompts its neighbor the Leader, to inquire "What can be expected of a non-progressive and largely illiterate population, which has been virtually standing still since the surrender at Appomattox, when 25 per cent of its national political representatives in official places defend the right to commit capital crimes?" The St. Louis Post Dispatch thinks that "political cowardice carried the measure through the House, and the hope that the Senate will kill it is a compliment to the judgment and courage of the Senate," though the Baltimore Sun feels that republican leaders in the House have thus "incurred a grave political liability without surely paying off a debt" since by this "single stroke Mr. Harding's conciliatory policy toward the Southern States has been killed aborning". * * * As to the effect of the law, editors differ. The Grand Rapids Press says: "A jury is a jury, filled with as many prejudices in a federal as in a state court", and the Minnesota Star feels that even if such a law were sustained "one may doubt whether it will end lynching", since "behind the lynching of Negroes is nearly three centuries of social injustice which has fostered lynch law". The Memphis News-Scimitar states that "the passage of the law will be equivalent to serving notice upon state officials that they have been re lieved of responsibility", and the Richmond Times Dispatch thinks "the criminal element among the Negroes will be embold CRISIS ened to commit crimes which inspire lynch law, in the belief that they will receive a measure of federal protection under the act not now enjoyed". "The existing statutes of every state afford ample grounds for prosecution and punishment of persons guilty of the crime of lynching . . . Wherein would the offense be heightened cr the execution of justice upon the offender be made more certain by restating those statutes in federal terms?" inquires the Atlanta Journal. But the Springfield Republican champions the bill on the ground that "America's right to be called a civilized country is at stake", and, while admitting the invasion of local government, concludes that "if the states will not or cannot put a stop to lynchings, the federal government must intervene to the extent of its power". * * * It means progress: The Providence Journal feels the measure is a "long step toward wiping out one of our worst national disgraces", in agreement with the New York Globe, which thinks that "the prompt passage of the bill by the Senate will be a step forward in American civilization". * * * In the present circumstances it is inevitable thinks the Columbia, S. C , State: "If states persist in placing lawlessness above law, it is certain that the United States, soon or late, will intervene and, in so doing, have the moral support of the great majority of the people except in the states at which intervention is aimed." * * * The Houston Post chimes in: We don't want federal laws infringing upon every activity of our state government; but we are going to get federal laws unless we enforce our state laws. * * * The strongest plea for reform in lynching comes out of the heart of the South, from the Greensboro, N. C , Daily News. As everybody knows, Canada has refused to turn Matthew Bullock over to the authorities of his native state. The editor of the News replies to Governor Morrison's comment: The governor might as well face the truth now as later. The Canadian authorities are refusing to extradite Matthew Bullock simply because they have heard that down here in North Carolina where the odds in population are two and three to one, the wealth and power of the whites 100 to 1, the laws and the courts are the whites' in the ratio of 2,500,000 to 0, whites, unwilling to live under the laws of their own making, practice murder on corporate scale and rarely ever come to account for it. THE LOOKING GLASS 277 What makes Governor Morrison so sure that Warren County officials who informed him a year ago that there was no danger of a "so-called lynching" which took place while the assurance was being transmitted by telephone, would know any better now if another "so-called lynching" were being-conspired? It lays no great burden on one's credulity to believe another lynching unlikely; but the faith is prompted by no history of the state in dealing with this crime. Indeed, North Carolina's official attitude toward lynching has been except in rare instances a record of cowardice and disgrace. Governor Morrison declares that "lynchings are never winked at by the authorities and are always prevented where the authorities have any knowledge of the approach of danger and an opportunity to prevent it". Often the authorities do not take the trouble even to "wink". The history of our state is replete with lynchings which did not cause our officers even to bat an eye. * * * This honest editor does not stop with the bare accusation; he gives page and line: But how long has it been since a mob in Governor Morrison's town went to a hospital, ran over the women nurses, took from a ward a wounded Negro and lynched him as easily as an undertaker could have taken him out and buried him? What did Charlotte do to punish the men who desecrated the soil of the signers? And how long before that was it when a Rowan County mob broke into jail during a special term of court which had been called to try a group of prisoners kept many weeks in Charlotte jail, lynched three of them while 13 special deputies and a military company looked helplessly on because the sheriff openly said he would "shoot no white men to save a damned nigger"? And how long prior to the visit of that Rowan mob was it that the same "people as a whole" could not prevent the lynching of two black brats, aged 13 and 11? How long has it been since Solicitor H. E. Norris, perhaps the most powerful prosecutor in North Carolina, conducted three futile investigations, filled with perjury, into lynchings, one of which occurred in a churchyard in Governor Bickett's home county, another in Wake after the officers had captured the criminal, and a third growing out of a Franklin lynching with the prisoner safely behind the bars? Who has forgotten Lee Robinson's effort to convict 25 lynchers in a county 100 per cent mum in its attitude? Who doesn't recall the Greene County sortie into Lenoir to get Old Joe Black who was taken from jail and murdered on a 'simple misdemeanor? * * * Why shouldn't mob rule flourish in North Carolina? Who prevents it? The editor concludes: Who doesn't recollect Governor Craig's call on the resident judge to conduct an investigation, the jurist's declination and the subsequent inquiry of Solicitor Henry E. Shaw and Judge W. M. Bond into that community murder? And who can name one man in Greene or Lenoir counties who lifted up his voice in support of a solemn investigation which Chief Justice Walter Clark called "the Kinston performance"? Who will ever forget the Goldsboro mob's easy victory over the jailer and the twitting of the late Justice Allen by Judge Clark because Judge Allen did not prevent mob murder in his home town? Omit Goldsboro's 1920 resistance and Winston-Salem's 1918 fight against the mob and North Carolina's record is shameful, indeed. QUESTION AND ANSWER The constant anxiety in the mind of the white man during the World War, especially after the introduction of black troops into the struggle, was speculation as to the ultimate effects on colored populations. Alfred L. P. Dennis writes in the New York Times: Africa and Asia had seen the skeleton in the closet of European civilization. What would the backward races now think of their white lords and masters? Would they be lost in wonder and in fear at the tragic mysteries of modern warefare? Would they bow as heretofore in the presence of inventors and captains of aircraft and high explosives, of poison gas and tanks? Or would they remember that on occasion White men had fled before African soldiers who had been welcomed by white women? Would Asiatic troops recall that they had been summoned from their homes to aid Europeans in a desperate struggle for existence and that at times they had been set as guards over white prisoners? * * * The same speculation, differently directed, Mr. Dennis points out, was in the air at the time of the Disarmament Conference: At the recent conference in Washington, the exact problem of the use of native Asiatic or African troops in western wars did not arise. The entire subject of land armnments was pigeonholed because there was no adequate substitute guarantee for international security provided or proposed by this conference. Nevertheless, in a larger sense the general subject of the relation of Asia to America and Europe, whether for peace or war, was indeed the main occasion and material of the Washington Conference. That gathering took its bearing first of all from the fact that the western world had not only engaged in contro 278 THE versies with Asiatics but also had direct concern in disputes between Asiatic States. * * * Just what the material and physical effect on the attitude of the black world to the white will be, remains to be seen. But certainly from the psychological side the soundness of the statement, the truth shall make you free, has been proven. A veil has been torn from the eyes of the East and Europe suffers from the new vision thus turned upon her. In his book the "Scourge of Christianity", Paul Richards tells how Europe practices Christianity—in Asia. And his words have been eagerly heard and quoted by Asiatics, in particular the Hindus, who find in the theme the very essence of their own feeling for the mockery of white religions. Some passages most quoted in Indian papers follow: Christians worship one Son of Asia . . . at a great cost to the others. Europe finds it natural to take one Man of Asia as Master, and all his brothers as slaves. Christians think that since one Asiatic alone is the Son of God, the rest can fairly be treated as sons of the Devil. The Christianity of Christ died when Asia ceased to teach it. * * * When Christ comes again He will have to give up being an Asiatic and a Carpenter if He wishes to be admitted into the Christian countries of America and Australia. If it pleased the "native" of Judea to reappear as a "native of India", how many Englishmen would remain Christians? If Christ came again, would He not choose again to be a son of the enslaved people rather than a citizen of the Em pire? The Christ, if He comes, will not be of the white race; the colored peoples could not put their faith in Him. If Christ has not changed His ideas, Christians will have, when He returns, to change their habits. * * * The Gospel is not only for individuals; it is also for the nations. The nation too must learn: Thou shalt not steal the land of others; thou shalt not kill defenseless nationalities; thou shalt not commit adultery with colonies and do minions; thou shalt not bear false witness against enemy governments. . . . And the supreme command: Thou shalt love thy neighbor—all peoples whatsoever, black, yellow, white, African or Asiatic, strong or weak, small or great—thou shalt love as thyself. It is for the nations that this was written : This is my commandment, that ye CRISIS love one another .. . ye are members one of another .. . do not unto others what ye would not, they should do unto you. Judge not that ye be not judged. . . . Let him who is without sin throw the first stone. . . . Remit your debts to one another. . . . Forgive your enemies. For the nations it is written: Thou wicked servant, because thou hast not forgiven the debt of another, thou shalt be delivered to the executioner. . . . Agree quickly with thine adversary, lest haply thine adversary deliver thee to the judge, and the judge to the officer and thou be cast into prison. Verily, I say unto thee, thou shalt by no means come out until thou hast paid the last farthing. So shall it be done to you, O nation! if you forgive not everyone your brother nation from your heart. If thou wouldst be perfect, first go, liberate all thy colonies, and then come, follow me, said Jesus to the rich nation. MUSIC HATH CHARMS Henry NEVINSON, the explorer, pays a tribute in the Baltimore, Md., Sun, to the people who could produce the spirituals which recently he heard in Lexington, Va.: Dwellers in the Southern States often bid us beware of sentiment in thinking of the Negro. Well, without being anything but a hardened old cynic who has seen all the evils of the world, and feels no surprise at them, I certainly find something irresistably attractive in the humor, the pathos, and the music of the Negro people, whether dark black or almost pale enough to be white. Partly, I suppose, it comes from the sight of a people suffering for the sins, not of their own race or of their own fathers, but of my race and my fathers, whose atrocious sins are visited upon the descendants of victims long ago. Southerners (and not Southerners only!) tell me that if I lived among "colored ' people, I should soon hate or fear or despise them just like everyone else. It might b^ so, but I cannot yet believe it. For I have known the African in his native forests of Central Africa, among the hills of Zulu •and, along the shores of Mozambique, and among the poisonous swamps of the West Coast; and though I have often been in danger in Africa, it was never from an African that the danger came. I have watched their savage rites of fetish and magic; have shared their savage games, and listened to their wild music of drum and ochisangi as they danced all night under the full moon outside their forest kraals. To some extent I have come to know their nature, and it is a fine peculiarity of man that sympathetic knowledge generally brings liking. In the American "colored" people I seem to find much the same old traits that still THE LOOKING GLASS 279 distinguish the main family of their race— the generous good-humor, the irresistible laughter, the faithful response to the man who keeps his word to them, and above all, the delight in music and emotional art. Americans tells me I am wrong. They tell me it is actually dangerous even to suggest decent qualities in a Negro. It may be so; my experience in this country is very brief. But I have known the Negro at far lower levels of what is called civilization than here, and even at his lowest levels I have found some decent qualities. THE GLORY THAT WAS AFRICA AFRICA emerges at the very beginning of history, says the New York Eve ning Post: The view that the Negro's place in history and civilization dates from about the time a Dutch ship brought the first slaves to Virginia is not confined to our South, but it is an utterly fantastic view. Not merely did the Negro build up powerful kingdoms' in the Nile Valley. He traded with Solomon when Jerusalem was at its greatest importance, and sent gold, ivory, jewels and cloth to the first Greek and Semitic colonies in North Africa. When the advance of Mohammedanism began Negro converts to Islam helped to conquer Northern Africa and Spain. Kingdoms almost worthy of comparison with Ethiopia arose and sank in various other parts of Africa. Archaeology is expected to supply much more information upon the history and culture of the Negro in earliest times, and will do its part to give the Negro a larger background and greater dignity. One of those wonderful kingdoms was and is Abyssinia. The Boston, Mass. Transcript tells us: Yet here is a land where the reputed descendant of King Solomon still sits on a golden throne and rules over a Biblical people. . . . The Emperor, or Negus, seeks to stand pat on his descent from King Solomon, and receives the homage of his feudal princes, or rases, until, some day, they cease to pay homage, and overthrow him for another. From time to time, as we have said, Abyssinia is brought to the attention of the outside world by some rude collision with civilization. British citizens are abused by some King Theodore; some Sir Robert Napier goes with an army, chastises him, and returns Lord Napier or Magdala. Or Italy seeks to add Abyssinia to her colonial possessions, and undergoes the awful and overwhelming .defeat at Adowa a victory of barbarism over civilization which has left Abyssinia comparatively un disturbed by European adventurers ever since. With it all, Abyssinia is a most interest ing country. No country could fail to be interesting where the ruling classes, though claiming descent from the Jews of David's and Solomon's time have been Christians since the fourth century; where princes still live in castles and pay and exact feudal tribute; where a strong army lives by plunder, and the state bases a most singular financial system on a currency consisting of bars of rock salt and cartridges! Abyssinia is one of the most picturesque of lands, mountainous but not unfruitful. Its farmers, as well as its towns, are those of the Old Testament. Its people, though mixed with Negro blood through the importation of black women as wives, are by the paternal line of ancient Hamitic descent, and if well bred are of straight and handsome features, of an olive tint or quite fair. Hopelessly me diaeval, "back numbers" to the extent of many centuries, they are nevertheless brightly intelligent. They are an anomaly among the nations. * * * What does Africa mean today to the American Negro? Certainly a dear Fatherland but not, as the Mississippi Legislature would seem to indicate, a place of return. As the St. Louis, Mo., Globe Democrat points out: Any suggestion that the Negro population in this country can be materially reduced by migration to Africa is fatuous. In the days of slavery the wishes of the individual counted for little after satisfactory arrangements had been made with his owner. But how could free-born American citizens of color be "sent" as the Mississippi resolutions request, to Africa if they did not want to be sent? Obviously the greater number would not want to be sent. The Negro is here to stay. His presence here may long give rise to a race problem, but proposed solutions must assume that his presence is going to continue. Solutions predicted on the possibility that he won't be present involve so violent an assumption as to be worthless. IN PASSING To William Edward Burghardt Du Bois: Du Bois in Cleveland Dear William AS an AUTHOR, editor, scholar and public speaker, your contribution to the advancement of your race has been one of the greatest. You are a big asset to these United States, and to the world at large.—MOSES CLEAVELAND, Cleveland, Ohio, Press. IN MEMORIAM COLORED kiddies of Newark, N. J., keep the statue OFT Lincoln spotl(ssly clean Each morning from three to five girls and boys in this tender and practical way show their appreciation of what the emancipator did for their race.—Detroit Free Press. 280 THE CRISIS YOUTH'S TROUBLES LITTLE Sammy Lincoln Lee is jest as black as he kin be, an he is pitchm fer our nine 'cause we don't draw no color line. Sam's got de coives; he's got de speed dat always keeps us in de lead, so we don't mind if he is black an' lives down by det railroad track. Las' week he strikes out fifteen guys, an' makes the rest hit pop-up flies. He's got a shine-ball dat's immense, an' when he Crows dere ain't no dents put in it we'en dey swings dere clubs; Sam makes dem look like busher-dubs. But dere's de pity of it all—w'en Sammy grows up big an' tall, he won't be on no big league club, not even on de bench as sub, 'cause big league players must be white, an' Sammy Lee is black as night. Las' Sunday, me an' Sammy seen a big league battle played between de Panthers an' de Kangaroos, an' little Sammy got de blues, fer as we watched it from a tree, he's puzzled an' he says ter me, "Where is de colored players at? I ain't see one go up ter bat!" So Billy Briggs an' me jest dream an' wonder if dere ain't some scheme to change Sam's color, black as tar, an' make him white like us kids are.— GEORGE MORIARTY, in Ballads of Baseball. THE WORM TURNS LOUIS WESLEY, George Smith and George Nelson, Negroes who compose the board of School District No. 61, Nevada County, yesterday filed in the Supreme Court their appeal from a peremptory mandamus issued by Judge Haynie of the Nevada Circuit Court requiring them to build and maintain a school for white children of the district. The mandamus was issued in August, on petition of white residents of the districts, who declared that the Negro directors had made no provision for the white children, although they maintained a school for Negro children. They testified that there were 12 white children in the district. In their reply the directors said that there was no schoolhouse for children, but that a Negro school had been operated in the district for 38 years. They alleged that there were 100 Negro children of school age in the district, and that they had no funds with which to make provision for the white children.—Little Rock, Ark., Gazette. Guess the Answer Professor FLINDERS PETRIE says that nearly AALL THE PEOPLE THAT have been poured into America are Europeans, and they are all "at the same political and social stage, of the same senility of civilization." We need to be mixed, he says, with "a race less sensitive in nerves, though not less perceptive in thought; and above all, it must be a race which commands the respect and affection of those who have lived among it and know it best. I leave the reader to think what cultivated race of the present world would fulfill these conditions." What race is it? Is it the Jewish race? If so, America must be all right. It cannot be the Eskimos; they are not a cultivated race.—Boston Transcript. HONOR IN TEXAS THE Avalanche believes firmly in giving the white folks preference every time, but until just recently it has been impossible to secure the help of white people in the homes, except at wages that none other than a rich man could afford, and to ask a white person two months ago to wash, would have been considered an insult. To ask a white man to sweep the floor of an office or a shop would have been considered equally such. Things have changed, however, and the writer is now employing two colored folks and ten to fifteen white people, but if the party who wrote this article [applying for a job], will apply at our office, we will give him or her either positions that these colored folks occupy, at the same wages, or even fifty percent above the wages they are drawing, and will do so cheerfully.—Lubbock, Tex., Avalanche. THE RICH BEGGAR MARY EFFIE LEE NEWSOME IN jasper and onyx and gold His city I soon shall behold. 0 Paradise! Though on earth naught to me has been told Of jasper, in onyx and gold, Yet in spite of what earth may have doled, I've Paradise! THE CRISIS ADVERTISER JOSEPH K. BRICK AGRICULTURAL INDUSTRIAL and NORMAL SCHOOL BRICKS, N. C. This School offers a first-class High School Course, including Domestic Science, Domestic Art, Agriculture, Work in Wood, Iron and Mechanical Drawing, Piano and Vocal Music, Night School. Teachers and officers, 26; enrollment, 360; boarders, 220. Cottage and buildings, 14. School farm, 1.128J4 acres. Strong athletic, literary and Christian associations. School term 34 weeks. Environment fine. School receives four mails a day. Our postoffice handles money orders, registered matter and parcel post mail. For further information write T. S. INBORDEN, Principal, BRICKS, N. C. MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of its kind in historic Northern Virginia State standard Four-Year High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Courses. High moral standards. Prepare boys and girli to become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For Information addreu EDWARD D. HOWE, PRINCIPAL St. Philip's Normal &amp; Industrial School San Antonio, Texas. (FOR GIRLS) Normal, Academic, Junior an d Music Courses, Teachers' Training, Domestic Sciences and Arts, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring, Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookeeping and Spanish. Boarding facilities. Ideal location. Faculty from leading Universities. Write for Bulletin. Artemisia Bowden, Principal Wilberforce University Summer School 9th ANNUAL SESSION June 19th to July 29th, 1922 Wonderful natural beauty, ideal place for health, recrea tion and study. Large faculty, inspiring lectures, splendid educational- equipment and excellent cuisine. Courses: College, Normal, High School. Special Features: Bible School and School of Philanthropy. Catalogues sent on application. Address all mail to the Director of the Summer School. Gilbert H. Jones, Director. ENROLL DERRICK BUSINESS KINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENT ATLANTA UNIVERSITY In full operation since igi 2 Professional course of two years Address Kindergarten Department Atlanta University Atlanta, Ga. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help Yon Get a Better Paying Position REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TE8M I Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 21, Wilberforce, 0 . K MONEY GETTER becau it A CROWD GETTER churches and Clubs looklns for a »lay that will afford ari "Nlng of Slda-Spllttlne Fun. should bare The Slabtown Convention As entertain mast In one att; full of wit nd good humor. Scores of churches have cleared Iron Jna to Two Hundred Dollar* In One Night. PRICE. SO* MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, Author Lincoln Heights. Washington. D. r. Public Sentiment is changing The Stenographers' Institute to DUNCAN'S BUSINESS SCHOOL You can be an expert stenographer, bookkeeper and typist and earn a large salary. We thoroly interpret all text books and present the subjects in such a way that a student's mind can easily grasp the explanation. Then the student takes pleasure in executing the work. It is done easily, accurately and speedily. Duncan's psychological method of training makes It easy for a student to write from 100 to 150 words per minute in shorthand and from 40 to 90 words per minute on the typewriter. Many graduates from other schools are coming to us to be better trained. New Classes organized April third. Write Edward T. Duncan, 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. A wonderful opportunity to earn big money is offered to men and women who are real workers and who want to connect with a high class proposition. W e have several good openings for agents to sell ORCHARDVILLE LOTS at $29.50 each, on VERY EASY TERMS, also 10 and 20 acre tracts of good farm land at $32.50 per acre. Read our ads elsewhere in this publication and then send for details regarding our attractive offer to agents. WRITE TODAY. • 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. BBM NOW! SCHOOL ONLY SCHOOL OF ITS KIND SHORTHAND TYPEWRITING, BOOKKEEPING, OFFICE PRACTICE, FILING. BAVF TIME AND MONEY DORMITORIES, 18.60 PER WEEK BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM " M. J. DERRICK, Principal and Manager Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HAVE YOU A COPY OF THE CRISIS Calendar for 1922? It is our "Negro Homes Calendar" and contains twelve elegant pictures of beautiful and attractive homes in possession of Negroes in various parts of the United States. The cover carries a remarkable picture of "Villa I/ewaro", the home of the late Madam C. J. Walker, at Irvington-on-the-Hudson, N. Y. Price Fifty Cents. Supply limited. Let your orders come at once. Immediate attention assured them. SPECIAL OFFER:— A copy of our 1922 CRISIS Calendar will be sent free to any one sending us at one time three paid up yearly subscriptions to TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS is $1.50 per year. Address THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York, N. Y. Is there a CRISIS agent in your community? If not, will you recommend some energetic and reliable person who will serve us in your locality? Our terms to agents are liberal. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The only establishment dedicated to collecting and distributing the history and literature of the African and his descendants. Booksof print a specialty. 135 WEST 135th STREET NEW YORK, N. Y. out HOMES I am in a position to sell you a beautiful home in CORONA, L. I. Attractive one and two family homes in the most delightful section of New York City. All city improvements, best of schools and very convenient to any section of New York City for 5 cents. Or will build to suit the demands of any one. Full information cheerfully given'^ L. S. REED 46 East Jackson Ave. CORONA, N. Y. CITY WRITERS ! Have you a Novel, Short-Stories, a Play, Poena, or other work you desire publlehed In book or pamphlet form? Submit your literary work to us and let us explain our plan of publication. Send return postage. Write: WILLIAM M. KELLEY 3 QUINCY St, Brooklyn, New York. Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Asbolutely Free From Grit and Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted Extra Large Profit Guaranteed The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United Stales —m— Not an Ordinary Dentifrice bid a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth, "BLEACHING' the Teeth, Healing and Hardening Bleeding Gums. MENTION THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Fifty Years in the Gospel Ministry by Theophilus Gould Steward Chaplain U S. A., Retired Published by the A. M. E. BOOK CONCERN 631 PINE STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. Pronounced BY our Editor, Dr. Wright, one of the best books of autobiography appearing this YEAR, and one of the best ever written by one of our race. Contains vivid descriptions of historic epochs. Relates numerous Philippine experiences. Is described by an eminent authority as "a wonderful book by a wonderful man". Beautifully, charmingly, yet naturally, the story of A varied life is honestly related. PRICE $2.70, Postpaid, from Publishers Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "SHE COMBINES AN EXCELLENT VOICE with ARTISTIC FIN ISH OF THE MOST MATURE kind. HER singing PROVED AS CHARMING AS ANYTHING THE CONCERT PROGRAMS will OFFER THIS SEASON."—Detroit Daily News. GEORGE LACY, Manager, 166 HAMILTON AVENUE COLUMBUS, OHIO E. ALDAMA JACKSON GRADUATE OF INSTITUTE OF MUSICAL ART ORGANIST-Di rector of Music &lt;-&gt;f St. Marks M. E Church; Concert Accompanist; Piano, Voice, Theory, Instruction, Conducting, Coaching. Harmony taught from beginning to completion. Private or correspondence. Geothius system. ITUDLO: ISO W. 138th IT., New York, IF. Y. Telephone Morningside 1708. AGENTS WANTED FOR A NIGH GRADE LINE OF CALLING CARDS, BUSINESS CARDS, INVITATIONS, SOCIAL STATIONERY, ETC BIG DEMAND EVERYWHERE. LIBERAL COMMISSIONS. PROMPT DELIVERIES. WRITE FOR SAMPLEI AND TERMS. THE HOUSE OF CH0WNIN6. INDIANAPOLIS. IND. HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Open March 15 Rates reduced in keeping with the times. This magnificent Hotel, located in the heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the world, is replete with every Modern Improvement. Superlative in Construction, Appointments, Service and Refined Patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, Tennis, etc., on Premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Booklet. E. W. DALE, OWNER. Right Now is the Time to Buy ORCHARDVILLE LOTS WHILE YOU CAN GET THEM AT $2950 $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 PER MONTH With the coming of better times comes an increased demand for lots in beautiful Orchardville, where hundreds of people bave already bought lots and where many, many more are doing so right along. Soon the big rush for lots will be on in full force, and there are apt to be many disappointed people because only A limited number of lots ARE GOING TO TO be sold AT the present low PRICE. The fact that Orchardville is so well known now means much towards the increasing DEmand, and makes it necessary for each prospective purchaser to act as quickly as possible. As stated in previous announcements, the lots are sized 30 x 144 feet and are sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE to protect the purchaser against misrepresentation. The terms are only $3.00 down and $1.50 a month PER lot. NO INTEREST at any time. Our FREE BOOKLET tells all about this offer and will be mailed to you without any obligation on your part. Simply write your name and address on the coupon below and send it to us TODAY, before you forget it. The booklet, with other interesting matter, will be sent to you promptly. W e are sure you will find them interesting. Arenson Realty Development Corp. 19 S. La Salle St., Chicago, 111. (Coupon) WRITE PLAINLY Arenson Realty Dev'pt Corpn., 19 S. LA Salle Street, Chicago, 111. Gentlemen:— I am interested in your Orchardville lot offer and would like to receive full details without obligation to me. Name ADDRESS TOWN AND STATE CRI-4-22 Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BERT WILLIAMS The Greatest Entertainer the World has Ever Known is Dead. He brought Joy and Forgetfulness of Care to Millions. Many Men Learned to Laugh Because of Him. And Laughter is a Big Aid to Life. Bert Williams was an Artist. He was a Great Actor. He might have been Known as a Great Tragedian, had he Been Born White. But the World for a Long Time now Has Refused to Take Black Men Seriously. So the White World made Bert Williams the World's Greatest Comedian. He Could say more with a Grunt than Most Men Can in a Monologue. His Gestures were Sentences and his Words Complete Stories. Fortunately his Genius is Preserved to the World on Phonograph Records. He was under contract, made several years ago, to a White Company. Had He Lived out this Contract He would have become, as he had promised, an Exclusive Black Swan Artist. In the Early Months of this Undertaking, when Every Dollar Counted Double, He put Thousands of Dollars into the Making of Black Swan Records. He gave his Encouragement, his Advice, his Help, his Love to us. He Lightened our Burdens. He Assured us of Success. Bert Williams is Dead. But the Joy that He Gave to the World will Live Forever and Multiply. PACE PHONOGRAPH CORPORATION Makers of BLACK SWAN RECORDS 2289 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Postage Prepaid We make this special offer for 30 days, to prove the wonderful value, style and fit of Progres s tailoring. We will tailor to your special order, a pair of these stylish $6.00 pants, send them to you postage prepaid and guarantee two years' solid wear or money back for only $1.95. Agents Wanted-lTeZa every "week, taking orders from your friends and neighbors for our high class tailoring. No experience necessary. Big Sample Outfit FRE E Drop us a line today and we will send you absolutely free our big assortment of woolen samples, style book and special wholesale prices on our made-to-measure suits—$12.45 up and made-tomeasure pants—$1.95 up. Full details of this offer sent FREE. The Progress Tailoring Co., Dept. D-117 Chicago, 111. Mention The Crisis. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BE A LAND OWNER 1 PREPARE FOR YOUR FUTURE INDEPENDENCE by SECURING A WOODVILLE ESTATE OF 10 OR 20 ACRES OR MORE, ON VERY EASY TERMS, AT $32 5 0 Per Acre Liberal reduction on 20 acres or more. SPECIAL ADVERTISING DISCOUNT TO THOSE "WHO ACT QUICKLY. A LOT FREE with each 10-acre tract. 2 lots with 20 acres, Each tract sold under a MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. The cry heard everywhere is "Back to the farm". People are disgusted with the uncertainty of city life, with its strikes, lay-offs, high cost of living, congestion, etc., and are anxious to get out into the country where they can enjoy the life of the country gentlemen. The desire for farm land was never greater than at the present time because the working man realizes how much better off he would be on a farm of his own than grinding away the rest of his life as a city laborer. That is why this offer is meeting with such favorable response. Our Woodville tract is nicely located in the wonderful state of Michigan, and is being sold under a plan that makes it very easy for anybody to secure 10 acres or more. Our FREE booklet tells all about this offer and will be mailed to you on receipt of the coupon below, properly filled in. Mail it TC'DAY. The booklet will be sent to you promptly and we are sure you will find it interesting. Arenson Realty Development Corp. 19 S. LA SALLE ST., CHICAGO, 111. (Coupon) WRITE PLAINLY Arenson Realty Dev'pt Corp., 19 S. La Salle Street, Chicago, 111.' Gentlemen:— I am interested in your Woodville offer and would like to receive full details without obligation to me. Name Address Town and State CRI-4-22 MENTION Agents Wanted IN EVERY TOWN AND LOCALITY. GOOD PAY Catalog Free TH E EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N . CENTRAL DEPT. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA TH E POPULAR QUINO TOILETTES LILAO &amp; ROSE TOILET WATER (75C). DELIGHTFUL FACE PowDER (25C). BOUQUET TALCUM POWDER (15C). COLD CREAM (35C). VANISHING CREAM (35C). BEAUTY ROUGE (25C). WITCH HAZEL CREAM (50C). LIQUID SHAMPOO (75C). SHAMPOO SOAP (25C). QUINO HAIR GROWER (50C). TEMPLE OIL (75C). TETTER SALVE (75C). HALRTONE ($1). HAIR TONIC (75C). TAR LOTION (50C). VEGETABLE HAIRTONE ($1). SENT POSTPAID. AGENTS WANTED. Gantt, QUIN O School, Nashville, Tenn. LINCOLN MOTION PICTURE CO. Est. 1916. Capitalized $75,000 $50,000 common, $25,000 8% preferred. Oldest Film Corporation in the World Producing Negro Photo-plays. 1181 CENTRAL AVE., LOS ANGELES Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre*. 641 W . 9TH ST. CINCINNATI, OHIO YOU CAN BANK BY MAIL FIRST STANDARD BANK Louisville, Ky. Capital and Surplus (Paid) $110,000.00 Wilson Lovett, President MME. G. B. NEEDLES FINE FURS FUR GARMENTS MADE TO ORDER Remodeling, Repairing, Redyeing 2202 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. Telephone Morning.ide 7590 Tel. 6417 Fort HILL Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ArroiiciY »KD COUHICLLOI-AT-LAW 14 SCHEEL STREET BOSTON, MASS. THI CUTIS. A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two COLORED WOMEN WITH THE AMERICAN EXPEDITIONARY FORCES. (Hunton and Johnson) $2.50 THE HEART OF A WOMAN AND OTHER POEMS. (Georgia Douglas Johnson) 1.50 THE SOUL OF JOHN BROWN. (Stephen Graham) 2.00 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 A CENTURY OF NEGRO MIGRATION. (Carter G. Woodson) 1.10 THE CURSE OF RACE PREJUDICE. (James F. Morton) 25 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (Benjamin Brawley) 2.00 THE NEGRO MIGRANT IN PITTSBURGH. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 GRANNY MAUMEE AND OTHER PLAYS FOR A NEGRO THEATRE. (Ridgely Torrence) 1.75 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.20 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 UNSUNG HEROES. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes) 2.50 THE SHADOW. (Mary White Ovington) 2.00 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.00 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 2.00 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 THE VOICE OF THE NEGRO. (Robert T. Kerlin) 2.50 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 90 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 THE NEGRO FACES AMERICA. (Herbert J. Seligmann) 1.75 DARKWATER. (W. E. B. DuBois) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.50 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 A SOCIAL HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN NEGRO. (Benjamin 400 ' Brawley)THE NEGRO IN LITERATURE AND ART. (Benjamin Brawley).. 1.50 FIFTY YEARS AND OTHER POEMS. (James Weldon Johnson) . . 1.50 THE HISTORY OF THE NEGRO CHURCH. (Carter J. Woodson) . 2.15 THE UPWARD PATH. (Pritchard and Ovington) 1.35 FIFTY YEARS IN THE GOSPEL MINISTRY. (T. G. Steward)... 2.70 Address: THE CRISIS, : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y Madam C. J. Walker's Beauty Aids