The Crisis The Crisis February - 1915 Do you call this the land of the free? What is it to be free from King George and con tinue the slaves of King Prejudice? What is it to be born free and not to live free? —Thoreau KNOXVILLE- NUMBER "Out of the House of Bondage" The latest and greatest book from the pen of PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER "No man of his race has so sure a power of prunning falacies with passionless intellectual severity."—Boston Transcript. "Th e man searches deeply into underlying causes."—St. Joseph, Mo., News-Press. " A philosophic treatise."—Charlotte, N. C , Observer. "No student of social conditions of America at the present time will want to fail to see it on his shelves."—Southern Workman. 242 Pages. Price $1.50. Agents Wanted Everywhere Address: Prof. KELL Y MILLER, Howard University Washington, D. C. HAZEL The Story of a Little Colored Girl By MARY WHITE OVINGTON Author of "Half a Man" Price $1.00 net. Postage Extra For sale through our agents and at TH E CRISIS office, as well as at leading book stores. THE CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1915, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for February, 1915 PICTURES COVER DESIGN. By L. H. Latimer. Page SIX KNOXVILLE LEADERS 185-187 THE HAMPTON-HOWARD FOOTBALL GAME 192 "O SAY, CAN YOU SEE BY THE DAWN'S EARLY LIGHT," etc. Cartoon by Jackson 197 ARTICLES OF COLORED KNOXVILLE 185 THE SEASON'S FOOTBALL. By Edwin B. Henderson 191 BREAKING THE COLOR-LINE. A Story. By Annie McCary 193 THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY 196 A PILE OF BOOKS 198 VILLANELLE. A Poem. By Otto Bohanan 187 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 163 MEN OF THE MONTH 169 OPINION ,. . . . 172 EDITORIAL 181 THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 188 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Fall term began September 1, 1914. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. &amp; M. College Greensboro, N. C. ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL A n Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N . 43d St. W . Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BAD SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers Courses for Adults Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 C. W. MORROW, Dean Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro history. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M . C. A . and Y . W . C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N . C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Enroll now in the BEREAN MANUAL TRAINING and Industrial School SOUTH COLLEGE AVENUE, Opposite Girard College PHILADELPHIA, PA. Winter Term opens Monday, January 4th, 1915; Spring Term opens Thursday, April 1st, 1915. MATTHE W ANDERSON, D. D„ Principal Georgia State Industrial College Graduated in Tunc 51 members; 2 from College Department, 15 from Normal Department and 34 from Industrial Department. Opens October 1st. R. R. WRIGHT , PRESIDENT, SAVANNAH, GA. The Poems of Phillis Wheatley the early Negro poetess collected by RICHARD R. WRIGHT, JR., and CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT Price, One Dollar TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: : : New York "GLEANINGS FROM DIXIE-LAND" Ten poems by EFFIE T. BATTLE, A.M . "Mrs. Battle has an individual gift of melody." —Springfield Republican. "Yo u owe it to your race to publish your poems in book form."—Editor, .Southwestern Christian Ad vocate. "Verses are smooth, graceful, high-minded and clear, reverent to all truth, appreciative of all beauty and true inspiration."—George W . Cable. PRICE 2b CENTS. ADDRESS: OKOLONA INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Okolona, Miss. OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz.: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of. the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Pauhst Choristers, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental prin ciples of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system Cordially yours, " Father William J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago. From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development, by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, 111.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T . Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, 111.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY Through us school authorities, without expense or delay, get into communication with the strongest and most carefully investigated teachers in all lines. Teachers who seek positions or advancement should register with us and avail themselves of our expert service. Prompt and courteous attention to corres pondence. B. F. BOWLES, MANAGER. 2739 CONVERSE AVENU E EAST ST. Louis, III. "A MOTHER'S LOVE" is the title of one of our five new Negro pictures, just off the press. It portrays a beautiful young colored mother fondling her sturdy babe. Painted in12 colors it is rich and elegant and every home should have a copy hanging on its wall. Write us for description of out new pictures and terms to agents. Fo r1 5 cents in stamps we will send a sample copy of"A JOYFUL WELCOME INTO HEAVEN", the picture which our agents have sold 25,000 copies of during the past few months. We make a specially o( enlarging photographs. The finest work possible, guaranteed, at reasonable prices. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE The Douglas Specialties Co. Department K (Trad e Mark ) 3548 Vernon Avenue, :: Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 9 -No. 4 FEBRUARY, 1915 Whole No. 52 ALONG THE COLOR LINE SOCIAL UPLIFT A SOCIA L center is planned in connection with the Metropolitan A. M. E. Zion Church in St. Louis, of which Dr. B. T. Shaw is pastor. &lt;J Social service conferences are being held in the South under the council of Congregational Churches. One has been held in New Orleans and has determined upon a social surrey of the colored city. &lt;J The probation officer of Oakland, Cal., says that the nationalities who keep their children out of the courts are the Chinese and Japanese, the Negroes and the Jews. &lt;I The State of Virginia is going to devote $3,000 of the Lever Agricultural Fund to Negroes. This state and Alabama are the only ones thus far who have shown any dis position to let the Negro population share in this national fund. &lt;J In Charleston, TV. Va., an examination for mine foreman certificate was recently held. Out of 96 applicants 19 were successful, among whom was a Negro, W . H . Lacey. &lt;I Los Angeles, Cal., has a colored Doctors' Association and a Nurses' Association. (£ A social center for colored people is being planned in West Chester, Pa. «j[ The Rev. H . H . Dunn of New Orleans in a sermon has outlined the progress of the colored people of New Orleans for the last year: The first public play ground for colored children was opened; $500 was raised by the colored citizens for it, and white citizens contributed $2,300 in addition; white and colored physicians met together to discuss Negro health; a Negro public library has been started; the city council has purchased a site at a cost of $8,000 and appropriated $2,500 annually for maintenance; a building valued at $33,000 is nearing completion. The public school system still lacks a high school but there are 8,164 pupils enrolled and 155 public school teachers of whom 8 are white. One new school building has been opened. The eighth grade has been restored in 3 schools and will be started in other schools this month. There are a number of patrons' and parents' clubs. &lt;I The university Race Commission composed of southern white men has held its fifth annual meeting in Washington. &lt;J Howard University is making a collection of Negro Americana. Dr. J. E. Moore-land has recently given his collection of 7,000 books to this collection. CJ The American Public Health Association met in Jacksonville, Fla., and discussed health and sanitation among Negroes. &lt;J At the first public exhibition of the Thumb Box Painters of Syracuse University 25 artists presented 135 separate paintings. James Herring, a colored student, received first prize for figures out of doors. Mr. Herring has for several years had charge of the art instruction at the Wilberforce Summer School. &lt;I The Negro Year Book for 1914-15 edited by M . N . Work of Tuskegee, Ala., has been issued. It contains 417 pages of encyclopedic material. It can be obtained at Tuskegee for twenty-five cents, or thirty-five cents by mail. It is a most valuable compilation. TH E CRISIS &lt;J The Duluth. South Shore and Atlantic Railway Co., with headquarters at Sault Ste. Marie, Mich., operates its own sleeping and dining- cars with colored help entirely. The three sleeping-car conductors are A . Ray, C. M. Blackburn and M. F. Mason, all col ored. &lt;J Col. C. A. P. Hatfield was recently retired from the Ninth Regiment, U. S. Cavalry. In his general orders he paid tribute to "the soldiers of the Ninth and Tenth Regiments, saying among other things: "I feel that never in my military career has it come to me so intensely and with such heartfelt feeling to say before I leave what I think of you and what the Government of the United States must surely think of you, as to the duty you have performed in this camp while under my command." &lt;J Charitable work among colored people has been carried on to an unusual extent during the Christmas season. The Times Picayune of New Orleans, a white paper, distributed toys among thousands of poor colored children. The colored people raised $1,100 toward the fund. In Philadelphia the Colored Hotel Brotherhood distributed gifts among 462 colored children. MUSIC AND ART THE Philadelphia Concert Orchestra, an organization deserving the highest praise for its continued maintenance of the highest standard in the art of music, gave an excellent concert at Parkway Auditorium, Philadelphia, Pa., on December 28th. Miss Blanche Esther Williams, soprano, was the soloist and was heard in Scene and Aria from the opera "Aida" by Verdi. The orchestral numbers were the overture "Der Freischuetz" by Weber; Symphony No. 2 in D major, and the march "Tannhauser" by Wagner. C| Ricordi and Co., music publishers, announce among their new songs: "The Hour Glass" and two poems by W. R. Henley, "Bring Her Again to Me" and "The Spring, My Dear," set to music by the distinguished composer, Mr. Harry T. Burleigh. &lt;I On December 18th at Albaugh's Theatre, Baltimore, Md., The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People presented Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, of Boston, Mass., and Mr. Felix Weir, violinist, assisted by Miss C. Beatrice Lewis, before an appreciative audience. Mr. Hayes, whose beauty of voice and communicating power gives great pleasure in the singing of songs, was also heard at Clarksburg, Va., and other southeastern cities in the month of December. The pieces assembled on his program were by Jensen, Johnson. Coombs, Bond, Rummel, Tipton, Burleigh and Puccini. &lt;J During the month of December, Mme. Estelle Pinckney Clough, the well-known soprano of Worcester, Mass., .filled a number of engagements in Philadelphia, Pa. A t the concert given at Music Fund Hall Mme. Clough sang most effectively "The Indian Bell Song" from Lakme and "The Cuckoo" by Liza Lehmann. &lt;J Through the services of Mr. Donaldson Smith, the African explorer, valuable ethnological specimens have been installed in the Museum of the University of Pennsylvania. The collection includes many war weapons, wood carvings, beautiful ornaments of ivory from Abyssinia and cloth made on primitive looms. &lt;J "The Dust of the Earth" was produced at Wilberforce University under the direction of Miss Hallie Q. Brown. It was a play in four acts with 9 players. &lt;J A caste of 35 people under the direction of Mr. William Speights produced a comedy opera at the Carlton Avenue Branch of the Brooklyn Y. M. C. A. &lt;J The Fisk Jubilee Singers gave a concert at Nashville, Tenn.. in aid of the Belgian Relief Fund. Eight hundred people were present and the gross receipts were about $400. C| Edward Dennis, pianist and baritone, appeared in "A n Evening of Interpretations." Mr. Dennis will sing the title role in Mendelssohn's "Elijah" under the direction of Mr. Frederick Wood. &lt;J Mr. Hilbert E. Stewart gave a piano forte recital at Bethel A. M. E. Church, Chicago. &lt;I The CRISIS was mistaken last month in saying that William Farrow won a first prize in painting at the Montgomery County, 0., art exhibtion. His work did, however, receive this notice in the Dayton, 0., Journal: "There are two very excellent canvases in the exhibit done by a young colored artist, William Farrow, who is forging to the front by sheer force of will. He is studying at present at the Chicago Art Institute. While working eight hours a day to support himself, he puts in his spare time and his evenings at his favorite occupation and is getting results. The portrait 'Alice' is gentle and ALONG THE attractive in color and in his other pictures he has achieved the difficult task of showing glass and flowers and sheet music set against the light of an open window." &lt;J Miss C. D. Boger, contralto soloist of Chicago, 111., and Miss Helen Hagan, of New Haven, Conn., the well-known piano soloist, are appearing in concert work in the South. &lt;J Several troupes of jubilee singers are on tour, among them the Hann Jubilee Singers who recently gave a successful concert in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and the Williams' Colored Singers of Chicago who are touring the East and will give concerts in Mt. Carmel Baptist Church, Washington, and the Manhattan Casino, New York. The latter concert is under the Utopia Neighborhood Club. EDUCATION THE General Education Board has dur ing its existence given aid to colored institutions as follows: Hampton Institute $138,000, Tuskegee Institute $135,483, Spelman Seminary $196,912, other institutions $85,384, making a total of approximately $555,780. To provide for higher education of Negroes, contributions have been made to colleges and universities as follows: Atlanta Baptist College $5,000, Atlanta University $8,000, Fisk University $70,000, Lake College $7,000, Leland University $2,000, Livingstone College $12,500, Miles Memorial College $5,000, Paine College $5,000, Shaw University $18,000 and Virginia Union University $11,500; total $144,000. &lt;J A School of Domestic Science for Negroes will be opened in Tampa, Fla. &lt;J Negro educators of West Virginia are asking for state scholarships for deserving young colored students. &lt;J The schools of the District of Columbia are again in turmoil. Mr. R. C. Bruce is the storm center and the conduct of the Normal School is especially criticized. A n "Oldest Inhabitants' Association" has published a strong indictment of the present conduct of the colored schools. €J The effort to have Mrs. Francis Russell, the colored teacher of Cincinnati, in charge of a special class of white pupils at the Peaslee School removed has so far resulted only in high praise. The superintendent says: "It will be impossible to replace Mrs. Russell, for her attainments are of an exceptionally high order and her work is very nearly incomparable." He declared that the COLOR LINE complaints had emanated neither from the children under Mrs. Russell's care nor from their parents. IJ The Northern Virginia Colored Teachers' Association has held its eight annual institute at Manassas. Cfl Cardinal Farley of New York opened the colored parochial school on 138th Street. The school will accommodate 500 children. &lt;J The State Superintendent of Public Instruction of Texas says: "The Negro has for more than a generation been our scapegoat for backwardness in educational statistics. But no longer can this old excuse do service in face of the facts. The same records above referred to show that in Texas there are 275,346 Negro children within the scholastic age, 7 to 21 years. Last year 162,000 of these Negro children enrolled in the public schools of the State, and their attendance record was 57 per cent., compared with 66 per cent, for the while children of the State. The United States census report for 1910 shows that Negro illiteracy in Texas decreased during the decade 1900-1910 by 42,520 persons, while the same report shows that illiteracy among the whites increased by 11,299 souls." ij The colored people of Delaware are protesting to the authorities against the wretched condition of the colored schools in that state. •I The ninth annual conference of the Higher Colored Schools of Virginia met at Virginia Union University. MEETINGS THE annual Tuskegee conference met January 20th and considered the pres ent agricultural depression and kindred subjects. &lt;J The American Negro Academy held its eighteenth annual session in Washington. Among the speakers were: Dr. W. H . Brooks, Dr. C. G. Woodson, and the Rev. J. R. L. Diggs. *3 The colored people of Jacksonville held an important mass meeting and adopted a protest addressed to the authorities of the city and county setting forth circumstantially that in the last few months 8 colored citizens have been shot and killed by policemen without any action on the part of the city to punish the reckless officers. &lt;J The Seventh session of the Texas Congress of Mothers and Parent Teacher's Associations for Colored Women was held in Austin, Texas, in conjunction with the TH E CRISIS Colored State Teachers Association on Nov. 26, 27 and 28, 1914. Mrs. Josie B. Hall presided and music was furnished by Paul-Quinn, Sam Houston and Tillotson Colleges. The Kindergarten program was managed by Miss B. V. Cummings, more than One Hundred children particicating. A n important "feature was the "Better Baby Show," little Miss Louise Turner of Austin taking first prize. Bishop I. B. Scott and other prominent persons were in attendance. PERSONAL THE Hon. W. T. Vernon, former Reg ister of the United States Treasury, is lecturing in the West. Ifl The Rev. W. H. Weaver of Indianapolis delivered the address at the Emancipation Celebration in that city. Ifl Mr. Booker T. Washington addressed the white Y. M. C. A. in Bridgeport, Conn. Mr. William Monroe Trotter, editor of the Boston Guardian, has been lecturing in the East and Middle West on his experience at the White House. Ifl Mr. W . H . Jackson for eight years assistant doorkeeper of the House of Representatives, Rhode Island, was recently elected to the City Council of Newport on the Republican ticket. Ifl Rev. William Beckham, a prominent field secretary of the colored Baptists of America, is dead. Ifl James F. Bundy, secretary of the Howard University Law School since 1890, is dead. He served six years as a member of the Washington Board of Education. &lt;J The Rev. John B. Reeve for a long time pastor of the Central Presbyterian Church of Philadelphia has retired from his pulpit at the age of over 80. He is succeeded by the Rev. William E. Griffin. Ifl A competition calling for designs for a civic center in a suburban district of Pasadena, Cal., was recently held. The first prize was won by Mr. Paul R. Williams a colored architect of Los Angeles. Ifl Prof. Frederick Fairfield, a white man who for many years was Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences of Howard University, is dead. &lt;J Frederick Arthur Robinson, a colored police sergeant, in the city of Cambridge, Mass., died after 30 years service. He was given a public funeral. &lt;J Charles S. Sutton, a young colored man of Cleveland, has been appointed enrolling clerk in the State Senate of Ohio. Ifl Mrs. Effie T. Battle is giving recitals of her own poems in a number of schools in the South. Her second volume is in press. Ifl A colored man, Mr. Took, attempted to prevent a white man of Pine Bluff, Ark., from abusing a mule. The colored man was fatally stabbed. II Randolph J. Tarns, the only colored member of the Dayton, Ohio, Fire Department, for the past eight years, recently made the highest grade in an efficiency examination of all the members of the department. His mark was 99.2 per cent. POLITICS IT is reported that President Wilson is ••• now wavering in his promise to appoint a colored man as Recorder of Deeds of the District of Columbia. Ifl The attempt of the United States Senate to exclude colored immigrants to the United States was killed by a decided vote in the House. Congressman Burnett, of Alabama, Representative Mann, of Illinois and Representative Madden, of Illinois, were the chief defenders of the Negro. Ifl Vardaman of Mississippi is still trying to repeal the Fifteenth amendment of the Constitution of the United States, modify the Fourteenth and introduce "Jim-Crow" cars into the District of Columbia, f A n estate valued at $139,000 is said to have been left by John W. Holland, a retired Negro caterer of Philadelphia. ECONOMICS THE unfortunate order of True Reform ers of Virginia is again in trouble. Floyd Ross, late head of the order, has disappeared from Richmond. Ifl The United Brothers of Friendship, a colored fraternal insurance company of Texas, reports an income of $32,916 for the last three months. It has an invested fund of $34,000 and claims 13,500 members. Ifl The Colored Social Settlement of Washington, D. C , expended $2,153 last year. It holds property worth about $6,000. Ifl The National League on Urban Conditions Among Neai'oes reports an income of $17,615 for 1914. THE CHURCH MOTHER ZION CHURC H has recently itA removed to 136th Street, New York City, and been re-dedicated. The church was founded in 1796, had its first building in 1800, was rebuilt in 1820, burned down in 1839 and rebuilt in 1840. It moved to West ALONG THE Tenth and Bleecker Streets in 1864, to West 89th Street in 1904 and to West 136th Street in 1914. Its pastor is the Rev. J. W. Brown. &lt;| If the new parkway is built in St. Louis three Negro churches will be dispossessed but will receive good prices for their property. They are therefore in the market for now property and the white Christians of St. Louis are correspondingly alarmed. &lt;J The Baptist Sunday Congress of 1915 will be held in Birmingham, Ala., and promises to be a large meeting. There will be four brass bands, a special train and a large attendance. q St. Thomas Episcopal Church of Phila delphia has recently been celebrating the anniversay of the birth of its first rector, the Rev. Absalom Jones. &lt;I Bishop W. H. Heard of the African M. E. Church has been collecting funds for a motor boat to aid in his work in Liberia. The boat was recently launched and named the "African Methodist." COURTS THE Criminal Court in Louisville, Ky., has affirmed the judgment of the Lower Court in upholding the segregation ordinance. The ease now goes to the Appellate Court. &lt;I The white Shriners of Atlanta are again trying to silence the colored body through the courts. &lt;I The colored Masons of North Carolina have been fighting each other in court. The case has finally been settled by a fine on four of the defendants. &lt;J Mrs. Lucretia Nichols of Philadelphia sent her two children to the moving picture show. When they did not return in time she went for them and was roughly treated by one of the attendants and finally arrested for "riot." She was given a small fine in court, but determined to fight (lie matter and finally secured a judgment in her favor with damages. THE GHETTO THE Central Labor Union of Miami, Fla., declares that "organized labor must maintain the barrier between whites and blacks in Miami." The trouble arose over a colored orchestra and the head of the Central Labor Union said to the Board of Trade: "It is a question of white or black. I COLOR LINE am not talking union labor, I am talking white labor or black labor. Do you want Nigger labor and will you tolerate it? It is while territory over on the beach the same as it is here, but those Niggers are living in a house there. Would you like to have a Nigger family living in a house next door to you'? The Niggers go bathing with the whiles. Would you want to go in bathing with a Nigger. There arc two ways of doing things, and I don't believe in passing it along and ignoring it." &lt;J Colored people of Wilmington, Del., are protesting against the dismissal of the only colored man on the police force. MRS. ARTHUR LITTLE *J A year ago Arthur Little, son of a promi nent physician of Detroit married Alma Wade. Two months ago Mr. Little refused lo live with her longer, alleging that she is colored. Mrs. Little is now trying to find out whether she is "while" or "black." q Mary C. Marshall has sued the Aitkin, Minnesota, Methodist Sunday School for making her sit apart from the other pupils. A judge has granted a temporary injunction against further discrimination. &lt;J Miss Christobel Pankhurst, the English suffragrette, has found to her surprise that 168 THE there is discrimination against the colored people in the United States even in philanthropy. C| In Oberlin, Ohio, Mr. Leroy Fields was for two months temporary driver for the American Express Co. The local agent said that he was one of the best drivers that had ever worked for him and local patrons asked for his permanent appointment. The higher officers in Cleveland, however, refused to appoint him permanently on the ground that it was against the policy of the company to appoint colored drivers in the North. &lt;][ The Harvard men of Washington, D. C, recently asked Mr. C. G. Woodson to join their club. He filled out the application and was thereupon visited by the president of the club who explained that his application could not be accepted because he was colored. Mr. Woodson was recently granted the degree of Doctor of Philosophy by Harvard University. &lt;J Judge Charles E. Gathreaux of New Orleans, a rich and influential white man, left his entire estate to his Negro nurse. The estate is valued at $375,000. q Col. A . H . Jennings of Shelby County, Tenn., willed his entire estate of $80,000 to a colored woman, Mrs. Bettie Hicks, and her seven children, of whom he acknowledged himself to be the father. &lt;I The Rev. Duncan J. McMillan, pastor emeritus of the New York Presbyterian Church; the Rev. Bruce Clark of the Church of the Puritan; Robert Levers, a real estate man, and T. P. Ward of the New York DESIGNED BY MAY HOWARD JACKSON ON SALE AT GORHAM'S, NEW YORK CRISIS Telephone Co., recently protested at a hearing against granting a license for a moving picture show at Lenox Avenue and 129th Street, New York City. Their reason was that this would bring an influx of colored people and that 130th Street ought to be the dividing line between colored and white people. *J The State Boxing Commission of Wisconsin has decided not to allow colored boxers to give exhibitions in the State. €J Mr. Joseph Carroll, an industrious colored man, bought property at 474 Monastery Avenue, Philadelphia. His white neighbors nailed up his front door and tried other methods of driving him out. The police are, however, protecting him. CRIME A SUMMAR Y of lynchings for 1914 will *- be found on page 196. During the month of January two Negroes, Ed and Will Smith, were taken from jail at Wetumpka, Ala., and lynched. They were accused of being implicated in the murder of a white farmer. t[ The following is from the Atlanta, (Ga.) Constitution: "The delegates to the American Road Congress, hundreds of whom are from distant sections of the country and have never had an opportunity of witnessing the 'great black mass of highway labor of the South," will be treated to this rare sight Wednesday afternoon at 1 o'clock, when 700 Negro convicts of Pulton County will march by the Auditorium. "The striped procession of black criminals, doomed by the hand of justice to pay the penalty of their crimes, will assemble at the State Capitol and march across the Washington Street viaduct past the Auditorium. "Every movable piece of property belonging to the Fulton County department of public works will be in the procession. It will include the wealth of road machinery owned by the county. Every convict camp guard, every bloodhound puppy, used to track escaped convicts, and every county road official will be in the propaganda." The white man who tried to rob a Negro bank in Atlanta, Ga., has escaped from jail. He simply walked out and the guard did not stop him. MEN OF THE MONTH A POLICEMAN LAFAYETTE REID MERCER, for more than twenty years a policeman in Steubenville, 0., was killed last July while arresting a drunken man. Mr. Mercer was one of the most efficient officers on the force and had kept his position during many changes of the city administration. One of the local newspapers said: "He combined intelligence with an utter lack, of fear." White people of the highest character who desired special protection for women members of their family always put them in the care of Mr. Mercer. He was born fifty-two years ago in Mt. Pleasant, 0., and was three or four generations removed from slavery. It was at Mt. Pleasant that Benjamin Lundy started his anti-slavery magazine in 1821. Mercer's parents a few years ago celebrated their golden wedding. He leaves a brother who is a physician, another who is a dentist, and another a trusted employe of the Westing-house Air Brake Company. Beside these there arc eight other brothers and sisters. The funeral service of the murdered policeman was a remarkable tribute to his character. The body lay in state in the court house and thousands of white and colored people paid their respect to it. The city offices were closed and business largely suspended while the officials, police and fire departments, joined in the funeral procession. AN ASSISTANT POST OFFICE SUPERINTENDENT ALEXANDER G. KING was born in Petersburg, Va., January 24, 1875. He MR. A. G. KING THE LATE L. R. MERCER THE CRISIS THE LATE RICHARD HOOPS has lived in New York City since he was five years old, was educated in the public schools and received appointment as a clerk in the New York Post Office in March, 1892. His first appointment was at Station E , Seventh Avenue and West Twenty-eighth Street. From here lie was transferred to the sub-station at Columbus Avenue and Eighty-fourth Street. On February 17, 1907, he was assigned to the Wall Street Station as assistant superintendent. There are three such assistants and the}' supervise the work of numerous white clerks. The Wall Street Sub-station handles more mail matter than any other station in the city. Postmaster Willcox, who made the appointment, said: "While King happens to be a Negro, I want it, to lie understood that this has nothing to do with his appointment. We do not draw any racial distinction in this service. King has been in the service for fourteen years and is a thoroughly capable man." When the Democratic administration came in at Washington there were some rumors that certain white clerks were beginning to see the shadow of the color line in Wall Street, but it is pleasant to know that Mr. King still holds his position. A CENTENARIAN RICHARD HOOPS , perhaps the oldest colored man in the United States, died about a year ago in Osage City, Mo. He was apparently considerably over a hundred years old, and insisted that he was living in Yorktown, Va., when Cornwallis surrendered to Washington. Two of the oldest white inhabitants of Osage City, both seventy years of age, say that Hoops was regarded as an old man when they were boys. For many years Hoops lived in a little hut on the banks of the Osage River, spending his life in the open air hunting and fishing. Afterward he removed to a cave up in the wilds of the river and finally the county clerk provided an allowance for him. His memory was excellent as to dates, names and faces. He left one married son and a number of distant relatives. AN EDITOR IN the Northwest Number of TH E CRISIS it was said, "Tacoma has a colored paper that is not colored." The editor of this paper is a colored woman, Mrs. Ella E. Ryan. The Forum has a local circulation of a thousand and is supported by the white MRS. E. E. RYAN MEN OF THE MONTH community almost entirely. It is a newsy little sheet, out-spoken, and busy in local politics. While it is not "colored," it always takes a strong stand for racial justice and against segregation and discrimination. The paper is now eleven years old. Mrs. Ryan, assisted by her husband, who is a publisher, has been prominent in many of the forward movements in Tacoma. Formerly, as a hairdresser in Spokane, she acquired property and is said to be worth $20,000. On three occasions she and her husband have published "Ryan's Bibliographical and Statistical Compendium" of the legislature, State of Washington. Mrs. Ryan was born in Hamilton, 0., and reared in St. Louis. THE N. LATE A PREMATURE DEATH NEWTON LLOYD GILBERT, Colgate University '15, died November 23, at Selma, Ala., from paralysis, at the age of 25. The students' association of his college allude to him as "Our beloved friend and fellow-student," and refer to his "manliness and nobility of character." It is easy to see from the numerous testimonials that Gilbert was an unusual young man. He led his class through the public schools of New York City graduating from the grammar school in 1909 with two gold medals. In DeWitt Clinton &lt;J The Church Peace Union has offered $5,000 in prizes for essays on international peace. $1,000 will be given for the best monograph by any pastor; two prizes of $300 and one of $200 will be given to students in theological seminaries. Seventy other prizes of smaller sums will be awarded. Ful l particulars may be obtained from the Rev. Frederick Lynch, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City. IJ The African Pompeii was discovered High School he was president of' his class of 500 hoys and graduated as second man in the class. At Colgate he made a remarkable record, receiving the highest marks, and would undoubtedly have gained the Phi Beta Kappa key. An editorial in the college paper says: "He was a i|iiiet man. There was a line restraint in all that lie said and did. lie never swept into things with overwhelming enthusiasm, which promised more than it accomplished. But now that lie is gone, we are beginning to know how much he was to us. How faithful he was to the task that was his. How unassuming, and yet how full of quiet confidence were those words with which he was wont to accept new obligations. We can hear him now, as he used to say, 'Well, ah reckon ah can, ole man !' An d we remember that we were sure, when he said the words, that the thing-would be done. We are braver, because he fought the good fight. We are truer because he was true, in our own. We have felt the impress of his life on our own lives, and we know that we shall be better men through all our days for having known him." L. GILBERT How fine it would be if every white college boy in the United States could meet a colored school mate like this! Young Gilbert's father, the Rev. M. W. Gilbert, is a Colgate man and now president of Selma University, Alabama. during the recent explorations in the Nile Valley, as told by Prof. Sayce at the Egypt Exploration Fund meeting held at the rooms of the Royal Society, London. The ruins cover a larger area than those of Memphis and include a royal city with palaces, public baths and gymnasia, as well as streets and dwellings. The town was the center of the iron industry, and the smelting furnaces which have been unearthed, worked enough metal to supply the whole of northern Africa. OPINION THE SMOULDERING FIRE Mr. Oswald Garrison Villard, writing in the New York Evening Post, says: "The smouldering intensity of the race problem in America is well illustrated by the steady stream of books dealing with it which reaches the reviewer's desk. Every shade of opinion is usually represented, but in the list before us the hopelessly bitter anti-Negro screed is fortunately lacking. It is a sign of good omen, as is the fact that the book of emotion and purely personal feeling without knowledge is less and less to the fore. Instead, we have a growingly serious effort by white and colored writers alike to deal in a scientific spirit with what is the least solved and least understood of our social problems; to apply to it the laboratory method so warmly urged as the necessary resolvent in all matters sociological. "I would not, of course, deny that the tract is still urgently needed. There is so much that cries out to high Heaven in our treatment of the Negro that ardent appeals to the American conscience, to our spirit of justice and fair play, must still be in order. Dr. Du Bois's 'Souls of Black Folk' remains the high-water mark of this form of writing, as is attested by its reaching its ninth edition •—one of the few really great books to come out of the South since the loosening of the fetters. But notable as is this portraiture of a soul oppressed, there is the greatest need of still other forms of writing, such as the coldly scientific portrayal of historic fact and the calm analysis of the clashing elements in this social and political problem. There is, moreover, increasing need of inter preting not only the views and aspirations of one race to another in a friendly and helpful spirit, as does Booker Washington, but of approaching the Southern difficulties as a governmental question to which some answer must be found that is consonant with I lie grim realities—so grim as to make quite possible the appearance any day of a new 'Uncle Tom's Cabin.' "Is it not incredible, in view of the magnitude and threatening character of the problem, that it remains practically untouched from an administrative point of view, that it is almost wholly overlooked by our governmental agencies, that our statesmen are indifferent to it. Even President Wilson, with his keen constructive mind, his readiness to tackle every other problem and to offer a solution for it, is content to pass this by when he can, or if he cannot, to lose his temper over a rudely aggressive recital of the race's wrongs, or to dismiss the question with a story as be did the other day when a group of Southern investigators called upon him." THE MOUNTAIN IN LABOR ! The extraordinarily small result of President Wilson's attempt to express himself on the race problem has brought much plainly expressed disgust and little praise. The President is reported to have said to the Southern University Commission on Race Problems: "Our object is to know the needs of the Negro and sympathetically help him in every way that is possible for his good and our good. "I think that men like yourselves can be trusted to see this great question at every angle. There isn't any question, it seems to me, into which more candor needs to be put or more thorough human good feeling, than this. I know myself, as a Southern man, how sincerely the heart of the South desires the good of the Negro and the advancement of his race on all sound and sensible lines, and everything that can be done in that direction is of the highest value. It is a. matter of common understanding." To this the New York World replies: "It is not often that President Wilson OPINION 173 can be accused of lack of sincerity but what shall be said of his remark relative to the Negroes of the South that 'there isn't any question it seems to me, into which more candor needs to be put or more thorough human feeling,' and that '1 know myself, as a Southern man, how truly the heart of the South desires the good of the Negro and the advancement of his race on all sound and sensible lines; it is a matter of common understanding'? "These words were spoken to the University Commission on Southern Race Questions, made up of representatives of eleven Southern colleges. They might have been uttered fifty years ago by a Confederate . Brigadier. They do not vary much from the sentiments expressed in the years before the war by the most extreme advocates of slavery. "Negroes are citizens of the United States, entitled to all the rights which Mr. Wilson as President is sworn to protect. To what other section of our population, large or small, would he refer in such terms of condescension? I f it is imaginable that any other elements of our people could be subject to the limitations placed upon the blacks, is it conceivable that the President would speak thus of their possible advancement on 'sound and sensible lines'? "Mr. Wilson chanced to be born in Virginia, but he is not President because he is a Southern man, and the World ought not to be forced to acquaint him with the fact." The New York Globe adds: "The Negro is supposed to be the equal of the white man before the law. His rights should be respected, above all, by the Federal Government. And as head of the Federal Government President Wilson, as far as lies in his power should compel this respect, which, unfortunately, is so lacking in substance. He cannot better show his 'thorough human good feeling' toward the Negro than by putting an end to the present Jim-Crowism in Washington." The Norristown (Pa.) Times says: "If President Wilson hoped, by his late speech on the Negro question, to 'cover up' the unpleasantness caused by the segregation acts of some of his Cabinet members, with respect to white and Negro clerical workers, he will be disappointed. His words were those of a scholar, to be sure— high sounding and interesting; yet, boiled and put to the crucial test, they reveal, after all, only the characteristics of the one who parries." The Syracuse (N. Y.) Standard, speaking of "common understanding," says: "In Caddo parish in Louisiana there has been a grievous misunderstanding the past fortnight. Because of the murder of two whites a mob of 200 men have taken the administration of injustice into their own hands. Eight Negroes have been lynched in ten days in this small community, without a pretense of resistance by the local authorities and with no claim that all of them were guilty. There is no Southerner who values his self-respect who will defend this substitution of anarchy for law, by consent of public officers." The paper continues: "May we suggest; because the question has only recently been under discussion, that it is not dealing with the Negro sympathetically, that it is not bidding his friends who are seeking to serve him 'God speed' to segregate him in the government offices at Washington." To the manifest delight of the Bourbon South Mr. Booker T. Washington hastened to commend the President. The Macon (Ga.) Telegraph says: "It is interesting to read of the present attitude of Booker T. Washington toward President Wilson, since the Trotter incident. He was in New York a few days ago and the Sun publishes the following relative thereto: "The present war will have a serious effect on more than ten million white and Negro farmers who grow cotton in the South, according to a statement made yesterday by Dr. Booker T. Washington, the noted Negro educator, when seen at the Hotel Biltmore on his arrival from Tuskegee, Ala. He was much pleased, he said, with the remarks of President Wilson in outlining his attitude toward the Negro when he told the University Commission on Southern Race Questions on Tuesday that 'our object is to know the needs of the Negro and sympathetically help him in every way that is possible for his good and our good." "Every thoughtful man North and South," he went on, "will agree with the President. I think his statement represents a growing liberal sentiment on the part of an increasingly large group of Southern white people. The President has always manifested a deep interest in the education and development THE of our race, even before be went to the White House, as I have had occasion to know. "The above is simply additional evidence that Booker Washington deserves the posi tion he occupies as a leader of his race. He is not outwardly concerned with the ques tion of whether or not his people are to be allowed by the President to wash their hands with white people. He has always advo cated and advanced industrial education for his race, not bothering about social recogni tion by the whites. His college at Tuskegee is for the training of the mind to guide the hand in useful enterprise. "There are millions of white people who don't enjoy social equality with their own race, and they would be miserably uncom fortable if they had it. "Whenever the Negro equips himself and demonstrates his social equality, he will be above quarreling with any man for not as sociating with him. He will convert his os tracism into exclusive:]ess, and be just as happy in it as any of the white ultra elects are now. "It is the Booker Washington doctrine that is sensible, uplifting and helpful for the Negro, rather than the Trotter theory. The tatter's agitation of a few weeks ago accom plished nothing but a little political thunder, to the hurt of the people, who can ill afford to be hurt." The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser quotes the foregoing editorial with approval and adds: "The less attention American Negroes give to the frenzied words of irresponsible agitators of the impossible Trotter type and the more attention they give to Booker Washington's sound views, the better off will our Negroes be." The McComb City (Miss.) Enterprise gets right down to business: "The recent episode in which a Nigger leader of a delegation of Niggers practically insulted the President of the United States, at the White House in Washington, is exciting unusual comment in the press throughout the country. As long as some of our misled Northern friends continue to preach equality of the races to the Niggers, and as long as some of our Republican and Democratic political leaders court the Niggers for their votes, we are going to have incidents of this kind and incidents of a nature far more serious. God never intended that the CRISIS Negro should ever be the equal of the white man morally, mentally or socially, and until we settle the Negro question once and for all along the lines advocated by Senator Vardaman of this State, it is useless to hope for an improvement of present conditions." But "Our Negroes" do not seem to agree with Wilson and Washington. The fighting Louisville' (Ky.) News mentions the Trotter interview and says: "Since that interview the President talked with the President of the University Commission on Southern Race Questions and indulged in the merest generalities in a patronizing manner. One striking thing he said was: T know, myself, as a Southern man, how sincerely the heart of the South desires the good of the Negro and the advancement of his race on all sound and sensible lines.' You catch the drift, don't you Taliferio? Well, after the Trotter incident few papers, if any, white or colored, commented on that because they all knew what the President meant by 'sound and sensible lines.' But long comes Dr. Washington and the Southern papers are running the following: "BOOKER WASHINGTON PRAISES WILSON." The editor continues: "In the last issue of the CRISIS magazine there was quoted at length editorials from Tlie News anent Dr. Booker T. Washington's alleged statement on segregation. "The News, since the appearance of the CRISIS, has received letters from all over the country—from the South as well as the North and judging from the tone of some, from white as well as Colored people— commending what was said in those editor ials. The CRISIS must cover a deal of ground, judging from the postmarks of these letters. "Following the custom of our race papers we ought to publish these letters, but they have no news value and we have no space. The letters are merely letters of commenda tion and encouragement and also of evidence that Dr. Washington is not the accepted 'leader of the Negro race.' In reply to some of these letters we said: 'It is encouraging to the editor of a race paper to learn that the views he expresses are not merely his own but that they represent the thoughts of others.' And so we thank those who have written us letters of encouragement on this and other matters. Even when OPINION 175 finances are running low it helps a great deal toward keeping his spirit up when an editor receives from out in the distant somewhere a word of encouragement from a kindred spirit." The Louisville (Ky.) Columbian-Herald says: "The camp followers of (Booker T. Washington) the light and leader of the apostle of 'submission' and acquiescence to all kind of humiliation, regard that little unpleasantness between Mr. Wilson and Mr. Trotter as one of the greatest calamities that has ever befallen the black man in this country. They consequently believe that the race has sustained an irreparable loss, and they are trembling in their boots, their knees are smiting together like Belshazzar. The incident will be forgotten by President Wilson long before it will be by that class of Negroes referred to above. • * » There is a fast growing class of self-respecting Negroes in this country with backbone and courage, who will resent every insult and indignity forced upon them. It is the highest duty of every man who believes in the peace and perpetuity of America to recognize and encourage them, for a failure to do so spells dire conditions for the future. If the present conditions are allowed to continue there is trouble ahead, as sure as there is a God." "As a matter of fact," says the Richmond (Va.) Planet: "with the surrender of civil and political rights will soon come the confiscation of the very material wealth of which Dr. Washington so glibly speaks. Property rights are based upon manhood rights, the right of citizenship. When you yield up the right of citizenship, you endanger the pig and the property that you have accumulated and you make the Negro the foot-ball of every avaricious white man who desires to rob him of his property. "We see this now in the segregation act passed in many Southern cities where colored citizens who own property are denied the right to enjoy the possession of the property that they own." The Pittsburgh (Pa.) Courier calls Mr. Wilson "The Jester" and the St. Luke's Herald writes: "President Wilson who was a self-styled Christian gentleman when he was Governor of New Jersey, seems to be slipping from the rock of basic, everlasting and unchanging faithfulness and according to report is about to back slide and go back upon his pledged word. "Although having promised to make a Negro the next Recorder of Deeds at Wash ington, it is now an open secret that the President has almost, if not already changed his mind, and now contemplates the appoint ment of a white man. Well, President Wil son is not the only President, who went long on promises and short on deeds. Wasn't— guilty of the same charge? "What does a pledge by a white man amount to, when made to a Negro? What right has any Negro to expect that a white man, although President of the United States, will keep his word to a Negro? No, this would savor too much of social equality, between the races; for the Negro, equivocations, segregation and prevarication." Kelly Miller has issued a pamphlet which is attracting notice. Among other things he points out: "the outstanding and significant fact that the President of the United States, speaking ostensibly for the American people, avowedly sanctions the segregation of the races as the national policy under his Administration. The vital question is, according to Professor Miller, Does this policy fairly represent the spirit and purpose of the -American people? "When a delegation of women waited upon the President some time ago," says Professor Miller pungently, "to secure a declaration in behalf of woman suffrage, he declared that he could not speak on such a momentous issue until his party had spoken for him. On the still more momentous question of establishing the caste system in the Federal service, so far as the record discloses, the President speaks on his own initiative, with neither the authority of his party nor that of the American people. "During the extra session of the present Congress, one or more bills were introduced by Southern members with the purpose of segregating the colored employees in the civil service of the Federal Government, but under the guidance of wiser and more comprehensive leadership, such resolutions were relegated to the pigeon-hole of Congressional oblivion. Should such propositions be enacted into law or be allowed to crystallize into custom and practice, it would more definitely establish the inferior status of the Negro race before the law than any legislative act or administrative policy since the adoption of the Constitution. It would, indeed, seriously affect the THE declared purpose and spirit of our national policy based upon the absolute equality of citizens in all public considerations. "The question of granting women the right of suffrage affects but feebly the foundation principle of free institutions as compared with the proposition to relegate a part of the people to an inferior caste. One is a progressive measure in harmony with the aim and purpose of free institu tions, the other is reactionary in the direction of darker and more benighted ages; one points towards the new freedom, the other towards old slavery; one makes for the equality of all before the law, the other grafts the blighted branch of Hindoo caste upon the tree of American liberty." William Pickens says in the Colored Alahamian: "I notice that in this late committee there was not a single Negro, and yet the President wants 'to know the needs of the Negro.' One intelligent Negro can tell him more about the Negro's needs than a dozen white men. I have always contended that if a dog could talk he would give us more light on dog-psychology in ten minutes than all the philosophers of all the ages have given us. Men may settle the question of lower animals with the lower animal absent—but the question between man and man is not settled that way, for both must be parties to the settlement. Men must mutually tolerate, discuss and agree or compromise; and the nearer and better you know a fellow, the more likely are you to sympathetically help him. If white men want to define their own relations to cows or boll weevils or potato bugs, they need only consult themselves; but they can never settle the question between them and the American Negro with the Negro in absentia." m SEGREGATION W. D. Weatherford, Southern Field Secretary of the International Committee of the Y. M. C. A., writes in the Survey, and says: "The truth is, that most of the Negroes in the cities who seek to buy land and build homes in the white sections, do so not he-cause they prefer to live among white people as white people, but because they prefer to live in a community where the controlling people will see to it that decency and order are maintained. No fair-minded white man can for one minute doubt that there is much CRISIS to be said on both sides of this question of city segregation. We are, perhaps, not yet in a position to face this thing in a dispassionate attitude, leaving aside petty financial problems—or perhaps I had better say, subordinating economic problems to those greater and more fundamental problems which are wrapped up in human justice and the building of human character. "But it is not the question of segregation in cities which gives the thoughtful Southern white man the most annoyance at the present hour. It is this determined move on the part of a few white leaders to see to it that segregation is carried out in the rural communities throughout the entire South." He argues against this agitation and concludes with this fine word: "The great problem of the South is, after all, not primarily an economic problem, but a problem of manhood. We of the South who claim to be the more advanced and the stronger race, are on trial. It is not the Negro to-day who is on trial, but the Southern white man, and I say this as a Southern white man. The question is not whether the Negro is as moral as the white man; whether he is as intellectual, as strong, as the white man; whether he is or ever will be as advanced as the Southern white man. The question is whether we, the boasted leaders of the South, will so deal with the Negro as to prove to the rest of the world that we are men with a brotherly spirit, worthy to be trusted with a great responsibility in the development of human life. "M y honest conviction is that the rising generation of Southern white men will in increasing measure assume the responsibilities laid upon their shoulders, and will deal fairly with the man in black by their side. This, and this alone, will really solve our race problem." Even Brough of the Race Commission addressed by the President, after a screed on miscegenation, has to admit that: "The question of segregation of the races is a cloud on the horizon of race adjustment. Segregation in departments of public service and in railway and street cars, and even in cities, may be expedient and just, but the idea of farm segregation, proposed to give the white man a better chance in agriculture, is a travesty upon Anglo-Saxon superiority and an injustice to the Negro." The Boston (Mass.) Traveller says: OPINION 177 "Miss Davis, Commissioner of Corrections Department of New York, when told that white and colored girls were allowed together in the Bedford Reformatory, said that she came from an abolitionist family and thought that an institution such as Bedford should be conducted on the 'character, conduct and needs' of the inmates, not on their 'color, race or religion.' It might be well if her point of view were recommended to President Wilson, with the purpose of making it applicable to the employees of the Federal departments at Washington. 'I am very much opposed to segregation on the basis of color,' said Miss Davis, adding that she considered the Negro girls not greater offenders than the whites when it came to the question of morality at Bedford. "Not having been reared in the South, where at birth so many white babies are given over to colored nurses, who rear and care for them, teach them their prayers, look after them through all their tender years, prepare their food, make their beds and launder their linen for them all the rest of their lives, etc., etc., Miss Davis naturally does not know how very wrong it is for a colored child, brought up by these same colored women in the same way, later on to work in an office with white clerks or to occupy a ward with whites in a reformatory." THE SUPREME COURT The Chicago (111.) Tribune says: " A certain strange fatality seems to hover over and about all attempts to test the validity of 'Jim Crow' or anti-Negro discrimination and 'segregation' legislation in the highest court of the land. Important cases have been appealed again and again, but always at the last stage some technicality— or some omission on the part of possibly inexpert leaders—emerges to prevent the direct facing of the issue by the impartial and learned justices. Some have accused the court of adroit evasion, but for this there has been little foundation in fact from the viewpoint of those who are familiar with the pitfalls and snares of the rules of practice and procedure. The Springfield Republican adds: "Just why all 'Jim Crow' laws get by the United States Supreme Court without hav ing their constitutionality passed upon is a mystery. It seems impossible to force the issue squarely uj)on that tribunal. In the latest instance of, the Oklahoma statute, the Supremo Court sustains the refusal of the lower court to enjoin the law's operation, but declines to reaffirm the lower court's judgment in support of its constitutionality. The majority of the judges succeeded in evading that issue on the ground that the rights of the Negroes were set forth 'too generally.' The opinion was even expressed by the majority that the law was invalid, but that was clearly an obiter dictum, inasmuch as the law actually remains in force. For years, this kind of treatment has been given to State laws discriminating against the Negro race." The New York Evening Post says: "Besides its opinion on the 'Jim Crow' question, the Supreme Court last week gave another that seriously concerns the civil rights of Negroes in some of the Southern States. The particular case arose out of that peculiar system under which, in lieu of the ordinary form of punishment for a criminal offence, by fine or imprisonment, the offender is virtually placed in a state of peonage. The practice consists in permitting a planter to become surety for a Negro condemned to pay a fine for some petty offence, the Negro contracting to reimburse the planter by a longer term of service, the breaking of this contract being itself treated as a crime and subjecting him to fresh arrest and punishment. Justice Day, in handing down the opinion of the Court, drew a clear distinction between the 'involuntary servitude' imposed by the State as a 'punishment for crime' which is contemplated in the Thirteenth Amendment, and this kind of involuntary servitude of which the duration and character are practically beyond the State's control. 'This system,' says the court, 'is in violation of rights intended to be secured by the Thirteenth Amendment,' and of laws enacted by Congress in pur suance of that amendment. There is, more over, in this matter, no reason why any in telligent Southerner should desire to counten ance an evasion of the Constitution. Quite apart from any question of right, the thing is sordid, barbarous, and demoralizing." The Penn Yan (N. Y.) Express says in regard to the Oklahoma case: "Perhaps the Negroes could get a decision in the case referred to this side of the crack THE of doom. Seeking their rights as citizens they have caused several cases to be carried to the United States Supreme Court, only to have them thrown out on technicalities. In no instance have they been able to secure a decision on the merits of the issues involved. "This evidences that they have either employed poor attorneys or else the Court of last resort is inclined to be unduly technical. It is not pleasant to believe the latter, but there are those who do believe it; and other besides who will await the action of that Court in the 'Grandfather Clause' case, before forming an opinion. This case has been before the Court about a year, and evidently it has not been acted upon in the order of its presentation to that tribunal." LYNCHING The latest Auto da fe in Louisiana has aroused even the South: the Houston (Tex.) Post says: "The conviction is irresistible that the old man who was burned to death had nothing whatever to do with the crime. If he had been guilty, the torture to which he was subjected would have forced a confession, and the wonder is that he did not confess anyhow in the agony of his roasting flesh, as many innocent mob victims have done in the vain hope of escaping torture. What did this Caddo parish mob accomplish? Its members made brutes of themselves in their efforts to avenge a crime by putting to death by the most fiendish methods imaginable three men merely suspected of it. In all probability the guilty murderers of the village postmaster are at large, while the blood of innocence rests upon the hands of men who took it upon themselves to discharge the functions of law. Moreover, they have inflicted an ineradicable disgrace upon their parish and State, in addition to staining their hands with human blood. "And this is the end of it. It is said the judge will have the grand jury to probe into these lynehings. Al l a waste of time and effort. Lynchers are never identified. They invariably escape the consequences of their crimes. They are murderers whom no mob can punish and against whom the law apparently holds no resentment." The South Bend (Ind.) News Times says: CRISIS "The lyncher pretends to a chivalrous disposition to defend woman against 'the one crime,' at any cost, even that of sinking himself to the level of the most brutish of Negro murderers. "This defense of woman is undoubtedly fine as far as it goes. But are the men of the South sincere and consistent in it? "In Fairfield County, S. C , is another case. There a Negro woman was found dead, a victim of the vilest of crimes, and a white man arrested has confessed What will the chivalrous Southerners do about it? Will this self-confessed white brute be properly punished? Wil l he be sentenced and made to serve his sentence? This remains to be seen. "In a nearby county a Negro was recently lynched because he was found under a white man's house. "It is now up to Fairfield, S. C , with a self-confessed outrager and murderer of a woman on its hands, to prove to the world that the talk about the 'one crime' is not shallow and hypocritical pretext for lawless and savage manifestations of race prejudice. "Wil l Fairfield County, S. C , come to the mark? We'll see." The Providence (R. I.) Tribune says: "Just now it will be more profitable for Americans to think of their own atrocities than of those which have been committed over seas. Before our people can fairly or effectively criticise others they must clear their own skirts. As Louisiana is a part of the American Union, we are all to some extent responsible for these horrible murders. The veneer of civilization in this land seems to be about as thin as it is in the rest of the world. It is the duty of the people of Louisiana, as well as of the Governor, to see that punishment is meted out to the barbarians who have disgraced them and their State." The New York World adds: "A n Alabama mob has lynched two Negroes on suspicion of having been implicated in the murder of a white man. The 'usual crime,' of course; the 'usual crime.' 'We must protect the honor of our womanhood,' as Cole Blease would say." On top of this comes the Albany (Ga.) Herald with: OPINION 179 'Down here in the South there is no friction between the races, and the white people and the Negroes are living together in peace, maintaining a sort of bi-racial civilization with entirely separate and distinct social, religious and educational institutions and associations. Here the race question is settled and settled to the entire satisfaction of both races." m THE WAR The Chicago (111.) Post says: " A bomb was hurled into the peace meet ing of Chicago churchmen at the Hotel La Salle to-day by Dr. Emil G. Hirsch. Fol lowing Frederick Lynch, secretary of the Church Peace Union, who spoke on 'The Need of the World' and who asserted that that need was abolition of all nationalism, an introduction of Christianity's teachings as well as its figures into the world's con duct, Dr. Hirsch said: "We, whom I represent, cannot be held responsible for the failure of the world's teachings. Nationalism has not failed. It is a perverted sense of nationalism that has failed. Nationalism in this very coun try has grown to mean racialism. The fallacy of race superiority has brought this harvest of war." The Washington limes adds: "There are rather more yellow and brown people in the world than there are white; but the whites have taken possession of about all of the land, and are determined to keep it. Wherever there are sparsely-peopled lands, to which the yellow races would gladly send their surplus numbers, white men are in possession, at least nominal possession, maintaining the forms of sovereignty; and without exception, in these countries the yellow man is not wanted. The yellow man of Japan and China wants to get into Australia and North America. The brown men of the Indies seek footing es pecially in South Africa. Both are made unwelcome; are barred with scant courtesy, by the white people who insist that they are going to save their territory for their own race and their own kind of people." A. P. 0. of South Africa writes: "The 13,000 Colored men who imbued with the true spirit of patriotism and love of country, offered their services to the Union Government will read with much surprise and deep regret the two letters which we publish in this issue. It may be recalled that on the outbreak of war the Executive of the A. P. O. telegraphed to General Botha that a corps of 5,000 Colored men would be raised and placed at his disposal for active service in the Union and elsewhere. The re ply came that the Government appreciated the offer, and would bear it in mind. "The A. P. O. then set about finding out the number of men willing to go on active service. The response lo the call surprised even ourselves. Within a month after its first communication with the Government, the Executive was in a position to offer to General Botha 13,000 men, who had signed the enrollment forms. To that the Govern ment replied that it did not intend employ ing any troops who were not part of the De fence Force. The rebellion then broke out, and volunteers were called for Botha's army. Representations were again made to the Government to employ Colored troops, es pecially on the German Southwest border. The reply which we have now received, and which must be taken as final, is that this war is 'a European Avar,' and Colored troops could not be employed." MISCELLANEOUS "The Freeman observes that quite a number of aristocratic white men here and elsewhere in the South who are unalterably opposed to 'social equality' and who don't regard Negroes as their peers, either in business or the professions, generally hustle like the devil to grab and administer Negro estates, like Adolphus Hardy's and others, that should under any and all circumstances be administered by Negroes. It is amusing to see 'prominent' white citizens, including lawyers, doctors and others of the blue blood, hump themselves even before a Negro corpse is buried in manifesting their interest in Negro estates. When the Negro has got money and property, things that every while man needs, we observe that white men, Southerners, anyhow, prefer waiting till the Negro dies before putting themselves on an equality with him. "Adolphus Hardy was murdered Tuesday night shortly after 7 o'clock and while his remains were stretched out on a cooling board at the undertaker's, a white man, an aristocrat at that, had applied to the Probate Court for letters of administration without the knowledge or consent of the only legal heir. His estate is worth $40,000."—Texas Freeman. THE "The sincerity and spirit with which this Negro community is attacking the problems common to all cities and towns, irrespective of the color and race of their inhabitants, may be judged, perhaps, by a brief quotation from the programme of a meeting of Negro business men called to discuss certain disorders in their district. Very clearly indeed the leading Negroes of this New York committee have learned that civic disorder means both a social and a financial loss, and that (he city or organized society which permits and tolerates bad conditions is wantonly throwing away its best assets. "The progress made by the citizens of this Negro community in cosmopolitan New York is well worth the attention and interest of all those concerned with bettering the physical and moral conditions of Negroes throughout the entire country. Is it too much to hope that the time may come when to all Negroes may be offered the opportunity for clean living and civic development such as is apparently available in the 'black belt' of New York?"—A Negro City in New York in The Outlook. "Every time I see Mr. Bert Williams, 'the distinguished colored comedian,' I wonder if he is not the patient repository of a secret sadness. In the midst of his decorous and explicit capers in the Follies I think that sorrow concealed, 'like an oven stopped,' must burn his heart to cinders. Here he is, unquestionably a comic artist of the first rank, doomed for the rest of his career to an environment of jigs and tales of bawdry — to sing the shoddy songs from the Broadway hymnal and to utter the commonplace jests of the Broadway jol&lt;e book against the fleshly background of a Broadway chorus. He may not, with success, aspire to make his genius an instrument of .characterization in the more eminent realms of the theatre, lo fix his fame in the more permanent foundation of the drama. He must humbly proceed along his antic pathway, exciting the ephemeral admiration of the knowing celebrants, and remaining, in the delicate and not descriptive phraseology of the press agent, a 'distinguished colored comedian.' "Mr. Warfield was able to discard the cap and bells of burlesque and become a great actor. I believe that in Mr. Warfield's days as a skillful buffoon he indicated no finer talents than does Mr. Williams— for instance, when lie sings the 'Vampire' song in Mr. Ziegfeld's current cantata. Mr . CRISIS Barney Bernard, now established in a lasting and deserved reputation as a serious comedian, certainly showed no such abilities in his performances as a musical comedy Jew. The excellent Mr. Alexander Carr has acquired celebrity and a temperament since he left the song shows flat on their backs; yet he never revaled a suspicion of the endowments which mark Mr. Williams' quiet fun making in the Follies. Most of the good actors have come from musical comedy. Mr. Williams, because he is known as a Negro, must stay there; and so the real theatre is deprived of an unusual artist."— Percy in the New York Tribune. "Our friends down South, being sure that the Negroes are inferior, deny them advantages and provide inferior schools for Negro children in order that they will continue to be inferior and thus prove the correctness of the contention of the scientists and sentimentalists that the Negro is inferior. After all, there is nothing quite so satisfying as the feeling that you have got things fixed so that you will always have an inferior race in your midst."—Life. CHURCH NEWS FROM AFRICA Ungaard, Central Africa, Nov. 20.— Resolutions were read to-day in the Central Cannibal Church protesting against the atrocities of the Christian war, now being waged in Europe. "We condemn all wanton destruction of life, except for purposes of food," said the chief of the tribe. The Ladies' Heathen Society of The First Church of the Unredeemed voted to send a boatload of yams, gourds and breadfruits to the starving wives and children of Christians whose husbands and fathers are at war. The Young Men's Pagan Society adopted resolutions calling on all young pagans to resist the insidious teachings of Christianity, and to dedicate their lives to peace. At the Church of the Holy Voodoes, the Fire Worshipers Temple and the Second Vudist Congregation of Junglesia, collections were taken up to carry on foreign missions among the French, Germans, and English peoples of Europe. Missionaries will go among these war-like people and endeavor to persuade them to forsake their bloodthirsty Gods and worship the One True God of Africa. "Europe for Vood in 1950!" is the slogan of these loyal religionists."—The Masses. EDITORIAL THE PRESIDENT IT is difficult to see how any clear-minded American can longer doubt the insincerity of President Wilson so far as the American Negro is concerned. With those of us who were most determined to keep our faith in the President the doubt has been growing steadily. A t first, with his clear utterances to colored delegations and his letters during the campaign, it seemed impossible that so high-minded and scholarly a man could repudiate these plain, straightforward words. If they had been voiced by the ordinary type of politician we should justly have regarded them with suspicion; but here was a man who, despite his southern birth, his academic exclusiveness, and his presidency of a Negro-hating institution, nevertheless seemed so fine a type of cultured and honest American that there appeared absolutely no reason for doubting that he would fulfill his" word to the letter and treat the Negro with absolute fair ness. When, at the very outset of his administration he failed to do this, we put the blame on his southern subordinates and pressed him for some clear, outward sign or word which would prove his honesty of purpose. We were fed on quiet assurances of good will, unaccompanied by any supporting action. Finally, we had the extraordinary declaration of national "Jim-Crow" policy made to Mr. Trotter, but made as we hoped under such stress of feeling as to be not altogether taken at face value. When, however, Mr. Wilson, after careful thought and preparation summons before him The University Commission on Southern Race Questions and gives utterances to the utterly banal assertion that we must "know the needs" of the Negro and "sympathetically help him" with the amazing qualification of restricting help to "sensible" lines—all this shows neither the statesman nor the sincere man, but the man who either not daring or not caring to utter clear; strong words for or against ten million people, contents himself with shifty and unmeaning platitudes. The whole affair is one of the most grievous disappointments that a disappointed people must bear. m LAND SEGREGATION IF anyone thinks that the movement in the South to keep the Negro from buying decent land is dead they have only to subscribe for the Progressive Farmer. Prizes are being of fered by the editor for letters which shall support his contention. These letters are most informing. One writer from Georgia complains of the Negroes, noting that it is a "regrettable fact" that the Negroes arc more determined to have an education than the poorer class of whites. Others lament that when the Negroes buy land they never willingly sell it. A Mississippi planter declares that the Negroes with 90 per cent, of il literacy are the most successful while the landholder is the most indolent, a statement which js hard to reconcile with the fear in the editor's soul. The women complain of the danger to white men and THE CRISIS note the fact that where there are no Negroes there are better schools and longer terms and better paid teachers! m EDUCATION THE Russell Sage Foundation has been glancing at the public schools of Atlanta. It found in June, 1913, that out of 10,11S Negro children of aid and comfort from unexpected sources. The southern congressmen are endeavoring to keep the case out of the United States courts, for if the methods of electing congressmen can be looked into in Indiana why not in Georgia or Louisiana? A Kentucky senator will, it is said, defend the accused, and in many ways this extraordinary case will prove to the world how deeply America believes in democracy. school age, 2,924 were enrolled.Atlanta furnishes for its 17,000 whit 38 grammar schools, a boys' high school, a girls' high school, a boys' technical high school, and a girls' English commercial high school, and 5 night schools. For the colored children it furnishes 11 grammar schools. The whites have 426 teachers, the Negroes have 82. The report says that inadequacy of equipment was most noted in the Negro schools. If Atlanta had twice as many Negro schools she would be making only a good start in providing Negro children with school facilities. Not only are the classes overcrowded but practically all on a half-time basis. Of the 91 classes in the Negro public schools 66 were on part time. In addition over 300 Negro children were turned away last year because there were not even enough halftime opportunities. Many others would have applied had there been any possibility of gaining admission. Negro teachers are paid only three-fifths as much as white teachers. Al l of the classes had at least 40 pupils to the teacher and 52 of them had 50 and more to the teacher. It must be remembered that Atlanta is ranked as one of the most progressive of Southern cities. ELECTIONS IT is an interesting com ment on democratic gov ernment in the United States that officials in Terre Haute, Ind., ar rested for wholesale violation of the election laws are receiving SUFFRAGE AND WOMEN THE woman suffrage movement this year needs special protection against its fool friends. One friend of suffrage has issued a circular asking if the New York electorate would be improved if the women voted. She proves that it would be improved to her own satisfaction by showing that it would increase the native-born white vote, decrease the foreign-born white vote, leave the colored vote the same and not increase the vote of criminals. We assume that the author will circulate this remarkable leaflet on the East side and in Harlem. SEGREGATION IN WASHINGTON MCGREGOR, writing in Harper's Weekly, makes out a beautiful case for segregation. It seems that the presidential patience was sorely tried and that Mr. McGregor after interviewing everybody worth while in Washington is convinced, first, that there is no segregation, and, secondly, that the segregation which exists is quite in accordance with the law of God and man and for the benefit of the Negro race. He agreed with Postmaster Burleson that the question was not worth discussion, and therefore he proceeded to discuss it. The same happened with SecretaryMcAdoo EDITORIAL Again and again there was no segregation except that there was segregation here and there, but this was quite according to the choice of the persons segregated; wherefore, Mr. McGregor asks plaintively, "Is not the very best constructive policy that of instilling such a proper racial pride as should prevent any self-respecting Negro from feeling humiliated, by association with his own race exclusively so long as those of another race do not desire his company V' Here we reach bed rock and it lias a familiar feel. I go to a lunch counter. "Why do you want to intrude yourself on my company?'- says the pig on the stool and kicks me gently out. I go to the polls. "Why do you want to vote in my country?" says the dog in the manger and forcibly disfranchises me. I go to the theatre. "Why do you want social equality?" asks the frump and moves her seat. To all of which I reply: "I am not intruding, I want something to eat; this is not your country any more than it is mine; I do not want to sit beside you, I want to see Shakespeare; I do not want to make any servant of the United States Government sit in any particular place or do any particular kind of work or associate with any particular sort of person, but I do want to be treated as an individual according to law and merit and not to be publicly insulted by the President of the United States simply because I have passed a successful civil service examination. NEWSPAPER STORIES The editor of a prominent Boston newspaper has not only ordered that the word Negro be capitalized in his paper but has given the following directions to the reportorial staff: "In editing stories which involve Negroes please handle them as follows: "Ask yourselves how the story would read if the word Jew, Irishman, or Swede were substituted for the word Negro. "Refer to the color of the individual only when it is of particular and special interest and when the story is manifestly incomplete and inaccurate if the color of the person involved is concealed. This would apply to Lynchings, marriages, or where a colored person gains unusual and exceptional prominence among whites, such as, the ranking of a colored girl at the head of a class of white children. "In crime cases where the description of the principal is of importance the color should be brought in, but as a part of the description. Just as, for instance, a woman in describing an unidentified assailant would say that he was of medium height, wore a cap, had a black mustache, and was an Italian, so, similarly, you may state that the man was colored. But never, under any circumstances, say that five Negroes were arrested in a raid, etc., or that a Negro burglar entered the house of so-and-so, or that Martha Johnson, 35, colored, while crossing Northampton Street, etc., was run over by a street car. "In doubtful cases that seem not covered by the foregoing consult me, and if I am not accessible omit the mention of color entirely." Next? A LOST FRIEND THE late Grace Dodge was the kind of friend to the American Negro who when told that race pre judice will not allow de cent or courteous treatment simply refused to believe it. It was due to her more than to any other person that the Young Women's Christian Association, while gravely deficient in some respects, still is so much more Christian and decent than the Young Men's Christian Association. Segregation and racial discrimination was pushed back to almost the last notch in the women's association. Southern white women were "compelled" at summer 184 THE conferences to eat in the same dining-room with colored women and to treat them in every respect with courtesy. Southern associations were given plainly to understand that even if the women's Christian associations were separated in the South the rights of the colored associations were, nevertheless, going to be guarded just as carefully and unflinchingly as those of the whites. The death of such a woman is a great loss because it probably means the gradual encroachment of Negro-hating tendencies in this association. For instance, two great buildings for the colored men's and women's associations are planned in New York. Where are they going to be located ? Wil l these religious bodies listen to the Negro-hating real estate agents of Harlem and hide these buildings on the mud flats of the Harlem River, or will they place them where they ought to be placed, between Lenox and Eighth Avenues and 125th and 135th Streets? The answer to this momentous question will determine the attitude of many colored people toward this organization. It is a pity that Miss Dodge was not spared to lend her strong influence in this decision. THE BUY A BOOK MOVEMENT }fir^^r$K THE "Buy-a-Book Move^vj^W^WGyJ ment" is started I'm- the K^yVB^*^^ purpose of arousing a /&gt;=^JK^rM deeper and wider inter(j£_&gt;3$&lt;&lt;_!^ est in the works of col ored authors. It is hoped that our own people will be so stimulated toward the buying of books that colored authors will be privileged to follow the leadings of their own hearts and the laws which imperatively rule in the creation of literature. One can see in almost every book written by a colored author that the work has been done under foreign dictation. The author has wished his book to be read and to be sold; he has written too much under this influence. The book has been planned for white readers. CRISIS The transition from the custom of writing books of explanation and defense intended for white men to read to that of depicting our own experiences, giving our own interpretation of events transpiring or past, pouring out our own realities of feelings and longings, telling of God and his works as we see them, has as yet hardly begun. We remain chained hard and fast to one subject, the only one upon which the white people of this country will hear us, and we refuse to see or hear the images and voices that approach us from the heavens above or from the earth beneath. The "Buy-a-Book Movement" means to have colored men read and when proper applaud the colored author's book, for just these two reasons. One, we want to develop a real, live book business among ourselves, and two, we want to call into existence the rich literature which our unique experience entitles us to give to the world. This latter can never be done until our authors interpret our great soul-life not for others, but for ourselves. But why dwell upon this; all the world knows it. The plan of the "Buy-a-Book Movement" is for every colored family, every colored single man, every colored single woman, to buy at least one book from the pen of a colored author for the year 1915. If the colored newspapers would join so far as to publish names of those joining the movement and buying books, they would greatly aid it and increase their circulation at the same time. Suppose the Defender took all Illinois names, the Cleveland Gazette all Ohio names, the Guardian all New England names, the Age all New York names, and so on throughout the country, what a boom might be created! We should see one million colored books sold for 1915. T. G. STEWARD. TH E CRISIS will be glad to cooperate in any way to forward this excellent movement. A s it is, we sell an average of $100 worth of Negro literature each month. Let us make this $1,000! OF COLORED KNOXVILLE KNOXVILLE KNOXVILLE, Tenn., had in 1910 36,346 ^ inhabitants of whom 7,638 were of Negro descent. If we include the suburbs there are to-day nearly 15,000 colored people in the city. Knoxville is a city of mines and manufactures, situated in the lower Appalachian range. It affords a good example of Negro progress in a small, active city of the southern border. It is in no way typical of the southern South and has always had strong union and anti-slavery leanings. On the other hand, it has needed the Negro as a laborer and servant and this group has grown and developed here. It has not been free, but it has been freer than in many southern places and it has used the chances given. These are the present facts concerning colored Knoxville: Knoxville has two drug stores, one dry goods store, four chiropodists, a colored real estate company, a coal company doing business in the entire city and employing many men and several teams; the largest race course in Tennessee is owned by a colored man, C . F . Johnson, and valued at over $50,000. It is used by the white state racing committee. Johnson has houses valued at over $30,000 and owns more property than any other colored man in the city; many of his buildings on many streets are rented by white firms. There are two small theatres, five ice cream and confectionery stores, one florist, three colored photographers, thirty-eight small grocery stores, eight contractors for road work and grading employing several hundred men, a weekly newspaper, five job printing plants, agencies for several industrial. insurance companies, and a hundred or more minor busi- MR. R. W. CANSLER DR. H. M. GREEN School Principal Physician 186 THE DR. J. H. PRESNELL Physician nesses, such as restaurants, barber shops, etc. In industry, Knoxville has 500 or more iron workers, fourteen machinists, eighteen brick masons, and fourteen carpenters. It is the headquarters of the Colored Railway, Firemen and Locomotive Workers. The country round about has a number of colored farmers who do market gardening. The five largest hotels employ colored help throughout. Negroes work in all the big marble quarries and in many of the manufacturing plants. In the professions Knoxville has six colored lawyers, seventeen physicians, three pharmacists, three dentists, twenty-two graduate nurses, eighty-five teachers in public and private schools, and four colored mail clerks. In politics colored people have always taken part. They have had some minor elective positions and always had one colored alderman until the commission government was installed two years ago. There are four colored policemen and nine colored deputy sheriffs, and an attempt is being made to get a colored fire company. In public institutions there are forty-two colored churches: one valued at $40,000, two at $25,000, and five at $10,000. The others are worth $4,000 CRISIS and less. There is a public insane institution in the county, a state school for the deaf and dumb, a private hospital, four public schools, including a high school; Knoxville College, a private institution with preparatory and private courses, and an industrial school. There are thirty-two lodges of Masons, Pythians, Odd Fellows, etc. There is an inter-denominational ministers' union which sometimes meets with the white ministers. There is one colored club house which is unusually good. The colored people very largely own their homes and pay taxes on considerable property. The leading white daily recently said that there were more colored property owners in Knoxville in proportion to population than in any other city in the South. This is a pretty good record for a small group of people and it has meant in the past and at present the development of a number of strong leaders and conspicuous men. Al l of these we cannot mention but a word must be said about a few. The physicians are especially prominent as leaders: Dr. M. L. Boyd is one of the young physicians with a lucrative practice who is associated with his brother, C. S. Boyd, the dentist. Dr. S. M . Clark practices medicine and works faithfully in church affairs. Dr. J. S. Presnell D. W. PERKINS Attorney-at-Law OF COLORED KNOXVILLE B. B. BROWDER Photographer is another rising physician, the youngest of the group. The foremost physicians are Drs. Green and Watkins. Dr. Green has studied in the North and in Europe, is active in various organizations, and has accumulated considerable property. He has served as alderman twice and one of the city school buildings is named in his honor. His home and office buildings are especially conspicuous in the city. Dr. Watkins has a large practice and a convenient rest-room, laboratory and operating room connected with his office. The leading colored photographer is B . B . Browder who was born in the city and has worked in many of the white galleries. He has often been official photographer for the Knoxville railroads. Mr. Charles W. Cansler, who is principal of the Austin High School, is known for his astonishing facility with tigures. He has traveled over the United Stales giving exhibitions of lightning calculations. A few years ago he astonished the business men of Knoxville by beating an adding machine in a test for trial of speed. He has one of the most beautiful homes among the colored people of the city.  DR. S. M. CLARK Physician VILLANELLE B Y OTTO BOHANAN How dreary the winds shriek and whine: The trembling shadows grow chill. 0 soul of my soul, wert thou mine! 0 where are the stars that did shine? The moonlight that tinselled the hill? How dreary the winds shriek and whine! Despair 'round my heart doth entwine, Far soundeth my cry weird and shrill: 0 soul of my soul, wert thou mine! I've quailed to the dregs the mad wine Of passion, but under my sill How dreary the winds shriek and whine! Ti s thine, is the dream so divine, That doth this vain yearning instil; 0 soul of my soul, wert thou mine! 'Tis mine, here to crave and to pine For what thou wilt never fulfill; How dreary the winds shriek and whine! 0 soul of my soul, wert thou mine! NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE n a m m m m ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE ANNUAL MEETING Attention is again called to the annual meeting to be held on February 1 2 in New York City. The business session, open only to members who have paid their dues, will be held in St. Mark's Parish House, 235-237 West 53rd Street, beginning at 2:3 0 in the afternoon. The public session, at which Governor Whitman will award the Spingarn Medal, will be held in Ethical Culture Hall, 2 West 64th Street, at 8 o'clock. In addition to the speakers announced in the last number of TH E CRISIS there will be fifteen-minute addresses by the following: Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman; Mr. Moorfield Storey, President of the National Association, who will speak on the Supreme Court and the Negro; Dr. Du Bois, whose subject will be "The Immediate Program of the American Negro;'' and Mr. Lindon Bates, Jr., who will tell of his researches in South America on the relation of the races. A LECTURE TRIP As already announced, Dr. Spingarn started in January on an extended tour of the Middle West. It will be remembered that last January Dr. Spingarn covered a similar stretch of territory, and it is his ambition by successive tours to visit and to organize for our work the whole United States. Dr. Spingarn does this entirely at his own expense. In the next number of TH E CRISIS a full account of his trip will be given. We go to press too early to print more than a summary of his engagements. At the first of these, in Pittsburgh January 10 and 11, he addressed meetings in the Unitarian Church, the Bethel A . M . E. Church, St. James' A . M . E. Church, and also spoke before the Hungry Club, the leading forum of the city which includes in its membership many leading men and social workers. Mr. William M . Randolph acted as Chairman of the local committee and Mr. S. R. Morsell as Secretary. In Ohio Dr. Spingarn has made the following engagements: Columbus, January 12; Springfield. January 13 ; Dayton, January 14; Cincinnati, January 15; Toledo, which he includes on his return trip, January 26. The meeting in Columbus was arranged by a local committee of one hundred including' many of the most representative white and colored people of the city. Several important clubs co-operated with this committee which was in charge of Dr. J. L. Johnson and Mr. Robert B. Barcus. The mass meeting was held in the auditorium of the Chamber of Commerce and the next morning Dr. Spingarn addressed the students of Ohio State University. Dr. Spingarn's other engagements were: Springfield, 111., Sunday, January 17; St. Joseph, Mo., January 19; Des Moines, la., January 20 ; Omaha, Neb., January 21; and Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minn., from January 22 to 25. He was in Buffalo January 28. Full programs were arranged in all these cities, mass meetings in white and colored churches, meetings before clubs, chambers of commerce, etc. A typical program was that in St. Paul and Minneapolis, Friday night Dr. Spingarn spoke in the Jewish Temple; on Saturday be addressed the Legislature, the Saturday Lunch Club, which includes in its membership the most representative men in the twin cities and the Executive Boards of the Minneapolis and St. Paul Branches. Sunday was devoted to mass meetings in churches in St. Paul and on Monday Dr. Spingarn spoke at Macalaster College, at a parlor conference at the home of Mrs. C. P. Noyes, and before the Town Topics Club, which comprises the most representative lawyers, ministers and physicians of the two cities. THE "JIM CROW" CASE The National Association was much disturbed at the recent decision of the Supreme Court in regard to the Oklahoma Jim Crow case, which indicated that though the law was unconstitutional the form in which the case was brought before the Court was not adequate to prove this. The Chairman of the Board, Dr. Spingarn, decided to go to Oklahoma personally to arouse the local branches to more activity in the work of the Association. Dr. Spingarn had expected to have Prof. William Pickens of Wiley University accompany him and to make speeches with him. Mr. Pickens was unable to N. A. A. C. P. arrange this and Mr. W. Scott Brown of Muskogee volunteered to go in his place. On this trip Mr. Brown was twice discriminated against as a passenger, once in a chair car and once in a sleeper. The Association will bring suit to test these cases. The meetings which had been arranged for Dr. Spingarn were highly successful. He spoke on December 30 in Muskogee to the colored Young Men's Christian Association and on December 31 in Oklahoma City iu the Tabernacle Baptist Church, Dr. Johnson, pastor. Al though the latter meeting had been arranged on only twenty-four hours' notice, the church was full. BRANCHES District of Columbia: The meeting in Washington on December 8 was to celebrate the birthday of William Lloyd Garrison. It was held by the local branch under the auspices of the Bethel Literary and Historical Association at the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church, the Rev. C. H . Stepteau, pastor. The speakers were Mr. 0. G. Villard, Miss M. W. Ovington and Mr. L. M. Hershaw. Mr. A. H. Grimke presided. A resolution was passed thanking Mr. Desha Breckenridge, the owner of the Lexington (Ky.) Herald, for his recent editorial opposing the President's attitude on segregation, and a telegram was sent to Mr. Breckenridge. Lack of space prevents our quoting more than the closing words of Miss Ovington's inspiring speech: "Race hatred is devastating Europe. It has devastated Africa and Asia. To-day it is sapping the life of America. It is an evil thing; and not in my time, nor in the time of the youngest in this gathering, will it have been expelled from the earth. We can only do our part. But let us work in the spirit of the great man whom to-night we honor; in the spirit of heroic self-sacrifice, of indomitable courage, and of loving, understanding sympathy with the oppressed of mankind." Mr. Hershaw's analysis of the life and work of Garrison was one of the finest addresses that has been heard in Washington for a long time. Mr. Villard's address was a splendid tribute to his distinguished grandfather. Harrisburg: Press notices show that the Harrisburg Branch has been successful in its case against a local theatre, Judge McCarrell having just ruled that to reserve a certain section of a public amusement house tor the special occupation of the white race and to deprive colored patrons of the right to occupy that particular section is a discrimination against the colored race, a violation of the criminal statute, and punishable by a tine. This case was begun more than a year ago by a group of men of whom Dr. Stephen J. Lewis, Secretary of the Harrisburg Branch, was one. The case was fought through the local court with a victory for the plaintiff, Mr. Prank N . Kobinson, Vice-President of the Harrisburg Branch. Argument for retrial was made to the local Judge m December a year ago. While the Association did not institute the original suit, it has practically taken charge of the case . and aided Mr. Robinson in financing the court proceedings. A t the trial witnesses declared that Athens George, the defendant, proprietor of the Victoria, a Market Street moving picture theatre, had this notice posted at the ticket office: "The balcony of this theatre is provided for our colored patrons. If you do not wish to sit in the balcony do not purchase tickets as they will not be honored in any other section of the theatre." The suit was brought under the Civil Rights Act of May 19, 1887. The decision is the first of its kind ever rendered by a Dauphin County Court Judge. In the Davenport Lunch Room case brought by Dr. C. L. Carter, President of the local Branch, the Executive Committee of the Branch agreed to settle the case when the defendant agreed to go before the aldermen and admit his violation of the law and to put himself on record as opening his place with equal accommodations for all. He made this declaration in the Aldermen's Court on December 20 where he publicly declared that his restaurant would not discriminate in the future. He paid all costs in the case. Taeoma: As an expression of gratitude for the work-done for the colored people in Congress by Senator Wesley L . Jones, the Tacoma Branch of the National Association sent him a loving cup, a photograph of which we have reproduced. It will bo remembered that Senator Jones led the fight against the Smith-Lever Bill and tried to secure for the colored people in the South their share of the federal monies appropriated for agricultural extension purposes. He was one of THE CRISIS SENATOR JONES' LOVING CUP the Western Congressmen who answered all the questions on our recent questionnaire satisfactorily. 3 THE IMMIGRATION BILL The amendment to the Immigration Bill proposing to exclude Negro aliens regardless of their ability to meet the literary test was introduced by Senator Reed of Missouri who was conducting a general filibuster against the bill and who brought in every issue he could think of to delay a final roll call. The Republican senators were as much surprised as most of the Democrats at the proposal of this exclusion. Nevertheless, it passed the Senate by a vote of 29 to 25. The amendment came as such a complete surprise that it was voted through the Sen ate before any intimation of it reached the public. On receipt of the news from Wash ington the National Association immediately wired its branches to take action and its of ficers at once got in communication with members of Congress. The work of the District of Columbia Branch was characteristically brilliant. A committee from the Branch literally made a door-to-door canvass of the House Office Building as well as calling Congressmen from the floor of the House. The following brief against the amendment was then prepared and was on the desk of every member of Congress Thursday morning: "Senate Amendment—Immigration Bill, H. R. G060, excluding 'All Members of the African or Black Race.' "The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People submits the following objections to the above amendment : | "1. The immigration laws of 1875 and 1911 admit members of the Caucasian and African races only to the privileges of naturalization. "2. For the last decade Negro immigrants average only 5,000 annually. "3. The amendment does not exempt students, merchants, or visitors. "4. The amendment, in so far as it affects British subjects, might involve serious diplomatic complications, under existing treaty rights. "5. The amendment operates against Christianity and civilization by excluding African students from the benefits of American schools and colleges. "6. The amendment humiliates the just pride of ten million loyal and patriotic American citizens. "7. The Negro has no voice in making the laws by which he is governed. He must therefore rely upon the sense of fair play and justice of the Congress of the United States and the American people." The House amendment was defeated the same day by a vote of 252 to 75. Congressman Madden of Illinois was conspicuous in his opposition to the amendment. The action of the District of Columbia Branch in this matter is the most effective piece of work yet done by them. The committee which rendered this service consisted of Professor Kelly Miller, Mr. G. W. Cook, Mr. Whitfield McKinley, the Reverends C. H . Stepteau, W. H . Deans and W . H . Sydes, and Mr. A. H . Grimke. m "JIM CROW" BILLS As we go to press we hear of further discriminatory bills in Congress—the Anti-Intermarriage bill and the Separate Street Car bill. Both these bills are being quietly and persistently pushed. THE SEASON'S FOOTBALL By EDWIN B. HENDERSON Physical Director, Colored High Schools, Washington, D. C . FROM the standpoint of the game, the •*• players, and the behavior of spectators, our football games played by teams representing the colored educational institutions of the Middle Atlantic section compare favorably with games played anywhere in the country. Within a decade we have witnessed progressive stages of football, from the ofttimes rowdy demonstrations by players and spectators of the past to the sportsmanly conduct of gentlemen on the field, and orderly gatherings of onlookers. This is largely due to the very efficient official work by close students of the game. Football has also been improved by the selection by college authorities of men as coaches whose teachings make for the development of sterling character as well as physiques and the gradual dropping of professional coaches whose entire aims center in the desire to win games regardless of the type of men developed as a result. Of the best types we find Charles H . Williams, of Hampton, Ernest Marshall, of Howard, Dr. Fisher, of Union, and others at the leading institutions in this field. It is also pleasing to note that our players seem to have learned at last to have confidence in the ability and impartiality of men selected from among their own race. Washington still leads in the field of scholastic football. Armstrong Manual Training School eleven, coached by Mr. Cedric Francis of the faculty of the school, assisted by Mr. Aiken, formerly a star player at Hampton Institute, won the scholastic title. Among secondary schools and minor colleges Howard Academy proved the best team but cannot claim the scholastic title, which honor is based on an eligibility code requiring age restriction. No collegiate football title was decided. Hampton, Howard and Lincoln rightly lay claims to equal consideration. Howard was decisively defeated by a 12 to 0 score on the campus of Lincoln; Hampton clearly bested Lincoln, although Lincoln suffered a forfeited game; and Howard in its crucial test on Thanksgiving Day, before a large enthusiastic crowd, upset many predictions and defeated the Hampton team by a score of 6 to 0. Union University and Livingston Col lege engaged in battles of this series and did themselves honor in struggles against many odds. The writer for many seasons has endeavored to create interest and develop a desire among players to prove of superior worth to their teams when compared with players throughout the field of competition, by selecting a list of players who in his opinion appear the best. From the players in the Washington High Schools the following were named: Player Position School Samuels Left End M St. H. S. Brooks Left Tackle M St. H. S. Hill Left Guard A. M. T. S. Poindexter Center M St. H . S. Brent (('apt.) R. Guard A . M. T. S. Simms R. Tackle M St. H . S. Duckett R. End A. M. T. S. Bacon Quarterb'k A . M. T. S. Parker L. Halfback A. M. T. S. Walker R. Halfback C. H . S. Lacy Fullback M St. H . S. From among the players in Collegiate games there were selected the following: Player Position School U. S. Young Left End Lincoln Wildy Left Tackle Hampton Wallace Left Guard Lincoln Smith Center Lincoln Beamon R. Guard Howard Randall R. Tackle Howard Gayle (Capt.) R.En d Hampton Stratton Quarterb'k Howard Howell L. Halfback Union Penderhugh R. Halfback Howard Flynt Fullback Hampton In the far Smith wo have these results among (he four leading football institutions: Morehouse 13, Tuskegee 7; Morehouse 19, Talladega 0; Morehouse 0, Fisk 7; Tuskegee 9, Fisk 7; Tuskegee 0, Talladega 7; Talladega 6, Fisk 0. Through athletics and debates it is pleasant to find the relations between colored colleges steadily improving. For instance, the President of Howard writes to the President of Wilberforce: "I am moved to write you because of the glowing reports which our men bring back THE HOWARD-HAMPTON FOOTBALL GAME BREAKING THE COLOR LINE from Wilberforce University as to the treatment which they received at the hands of your fellow-workers and the students and the success of the debate. It gratifies me very much to have our two institutions brought closely together. I think the report that was made by Professor Gregory and Mr. Smith, who went to you, in chapel the day before yesterday, did a great deal to establish a high regard for Wilberforce and keep us in mind of the fraternal relations which ought to exist between the two institutions." THE HAMPTON TEAM (SEE ALSO PAGE 200) BREAKING THE COLOR-LINE A STORY By ANNIE McCARY "/^OAC H Hardy has selected for the two- mile relay team to go against Gale, Carter, Pratt, Staunton and Thacker, lo run in the order named. Payne, you will 'sub'." "Captain Pratt, I certainly object to that nigger's presence on the team. Whom do I mean? Thacker, of course, he's a nigger, and no southern gentleman would compete against or run with a nigger and I " "Now, Staunton, none of your southern idiocyncrasies go here," cut in Pratt. "You know we want to win that relay, and Gale is priming her best half-milers for the race and since Thacker can do the half in less than two minutes, take it from me, so long as I'm captain, he runs." "Then I quit," and red as a beet, Staunton sat down. "Quit, then, if you want to!" thundered Pratt. "Hold on, Pratt, we're all white fellows together and there's no need of our having a row over a colored chap. You know, I'm from Texas anyway, and I want to say that here in Starvard we've never had any colored fellows on the track team in the three years I've been here, and I'm hanged ifsee why we've got to start now. These niggers are always trying to get out of their place," said Payne, the junior who had been crowded off the team by Thacker. "Well by Jove, he seems to have pushed TH E CRISIS you out of your place on the team. He's beaten you more than once in the time trials and " "Just a minute," a calm voice put in, and Thacker came into the meeting. "I did not hear the beginning of this discussion, but I did hear some remarks and I judge that I am considered objectionable as a member of the relay because of—surely not the color of my skin [for he was as fair as any of the other fellows there] but because I have Negro blood in my veins." Every man was breathless. "Let me say this one thing, that nigger or not, I have won the place on the team but rather than cause any discord which might end in Stavard's losing the meet to Gale, I'll quit!" he swung on his heel and strode from the gym. As the door slammed the storm broke. "I didn't know he was colored," said one. "Well, he is," answered Staunton. "Well, he's whiter than you both in skin and in heart, Phil Staunton," yelled Pratt. "You are insulting me, you Yank," and Staunton sprang at Pratt. The other men jumped in and held the two apart. Finally, quiet was restored and Payne was replaced on the team. The meet was to come off a week from the coming Saturday. This was on Wednesday. Saturday, Gale had a dual meet with East Point, and Pratt and the coach, Hardy, went down to look over Gale's two-mile relay team and get a general line on the rest of the men. Silently they watched Gale win 69 to 20. On the return to Wainbridge, Hardy said: "Pratt, you fellows are all sorts of fools to let that man Thacker get off the team. Why, he's the fastest half-miler I've seen. I bet you he walks away with the half—if his heart isn't taken out by this dirty work," he added in an undertone. "Hardy, you know I did all I could but he stuck out. He's as proud as the deuce, and as for those Southerners, they stuck out, too. They're always trying to make it hard for these colored boys. Oh, they make me sick!" "Well, he's going to win that half in a walk, although Price ran a pretty race against those soldiers. Well, here's my jumping off place, Pratt," and the coach swung off the trolley. "Curse (he luck! Hardy doesn't want to own it, but we can't beat that Gale team." The day of the meet came. Gale was down, brimming over with confidence, for the news that the crack half-miler on the relay was not going to run had spread like wild fire. Gale had no opinion, Starvard was divided. A t 1:30 the pistol cracked for the start of the hundred yard dash. Gale took first, but Starvard got second and third. Engle, of Gale, won the 120 hurdles, Wilson and Desmond, of Starvard, second and third. In the broad jump Bates and Hines of Starvard took first and third, but again Gale took first in the hammer throw. The quarter-mile was next. In a close and exciting race Chalmers of Starvard "brought home the bacon" in 50 flat. Starvard began to hope. She grew frantic as she landed first in the high jump, although Gale took second and third. Then came the half mile. The pride of Gale, Price's equal, Simpson, followed by his teammates, Parsons and Terry, sprang out to toe the mark. James and Keele threw off their crimson sweaters and a third Starvard man stepped up. It was Thacker. He was an ideal half-miler, five feet eleven inches, lean of face, broad shouldered, slender waisted, and with great long tapering legs. Simpson was short and stocky with a choppy stride with which he hoped to break Thacker. Al l six got off to a good start. Thacker set the pace for the first lap. Then he seemed to slow up and Simpson and Terry drew up. Terry was now two feet ahead of Thacker, and Simpson stride and stride, with Parsons pushing him hard. Keele was out of it. As they turned in the last stretch, pandemonium broke loose in the Gale stands. Starvard cheered on her men. Thacker had seen Staunton leer at him and his heart gave a great jump and his feet responded to the call. His big lead was gone and it would be no easy matter to get in first in the short distance remaining. Teeth set, head back, he began a great sprint. With forty yards to go Terry and Simpson were leading, Terry a good two feet in front of Simpson and Thacker a yard behind. Three great strides and the red and blue jerseys were neck and neck. The stands were hushed. Nothing was heard but the pat-pat-pat of the spikes on the cinders. Al l three runners were straining every muscle, calling on their reserve strength, holding on by sheer nerve. Five great jumps and Thacker toppled over a winner in 1:58 flat, Simpson dropped a hand's breadth behind, and Terry was all in as he fell across. BREAKING THE COLOR LINE Starvard cheered and cheered Thacker. Rooters jumped from the stands to pat Thacker on the back. Hardy drove them off and arm in arm he and Thacker went to see to a rub down. "All out for the 220 high hurdles!" Payne and Gardner showed Starvard's crimson, while Kittredge and Fields wore (he Gale blue. Payne was showing an easy first with Gardner and Fields neck and neck, with Kittredge a good third. As Payne took the last hurdle, Starvard's cheers turned to groans, for Payne stumbled and fell. In a flash he was up, just to limp across the finish behind Gardner, who was trailing the Gale man. Gloom pervaded the Starvard stands when the news spread that Payne, the anchor man of the two-mile relay was out with a sprained ankle. Second and third in the 120 high hurdles gave Starvard four points to Gale's five. Gale took first and third in the mile and first in the pole vault. There was but one event left on the program—the two-mile relay. In the stands it was figured that Gale was three points to the good: Starvard 4S, Gale 51. "Who's going to take Payne's place?" was the question in the Starvard stands. Then calls for "Thacker! Thacker!" came from the crimson supporters. For if Starvard took the relay, the meet was hers by a scant two points. I f Gale won, the meet was hers, together with the Eastern championship. "Hardy, do you suppose Thacker could run another half against Price, who is perfectly fresh?" "Pratt, I'd think you fellows would be so ashamed of the dirt you've done Thacker that you'd go hide yourselves. I wont ask him, I'll tell you, but " here the coach looked straight into Pratt's eyes, "I bet you he'll run, and mark my words, he'll beat Price, if it kills him. Now, go ask him." Pratt came back looking relieved. "Al l right, Hardy!" Carter toed the mark against Steen, the first Gale runner. Crack"! went the pistol, off they sped. "Staunton, Thacker takes the baton from you," called Pratt. Staunton looked sullen. Down the home stretch came Carter and Steen, Carter giving Pratt a good five-yard lead which he held and increased by five, and then Staunton took up the running. Archer brought joy to Gale as he cut down Staunton's lead yard by yard. Then he tore down to give Price an eight-yard start. Thacker snatched the baton from Staunton and sped away on a seemingly impossible task. "Can he catch him:' Will lie hold out?" Thacker seemed to be oblivious to the fact (hat the heal was terrific, of everything indeed, but the eight-yard lead he had to cut down. What difference did it make that his throat was parched, his head was splitting, that Price was the fastest man in (lie East and this was his first year in collegiate circles? He had to win. He had to make good, even under handicaps. Starvard thundered encouragement as he tore after the Hying Price. After the first hundred yards, he began a terrific pace. His feet seemed to barely touch the ground. Al l thoughts of his blood gone, Starvard cheered him on : "Keep it up! Thack, old boy, go it! Come on, old man !" He heard nothing. He thought he had cut down the lead by two yards. He prayed for strength: "Oh, Lord, just let me catch him and I can pass him!" On and on they flew. No cheering now, for the stands had settled down to watch a match between two strong men. The great stadium was silent save for the crunching of the cinders. Thacker was crawling up, foot by foot. Yard after yard was covered at this murderous pace. Around the last turn they sped, Price running easily, Thacker glassy-eyed, hollow-cheeked hut still flying. One hundred yards to go—Thacker's breath was coming hot and fast, his knees felt as if they must give way, yet he spurred his failing strength for one last great sprint. He again increased his speed, to the amazement of the stands. Half-way down he seemed almost gone. Forty yards— two more yards to make up on Price, who, although tiring was beginning a spurt. Twenty-five yards—he was just behind Price but his chin had dropped on his chest, his mouth hung open, and his eyes were blindeed with tears as he felt unable to pass Price, laboring at his side. Eight yards—he was growing weaker stride by stride, but Price had slipped an inch or so behind. Thacker no longer heard the heavy breathing of Price and raised his eves to see whether he was in front. Nothing in front hut that hit of worsted which marked the finish. He threw no his arms and Hardy caught him as he fell unconscious, breasting the tape, and breaking the color line. THE LYNCHING INDUSTRY THE CRISIS is interested to report that the standard American industry of lynching colored men has flourished during the year 1914. There is, of course, the usual difference of opinion as to the number of its victims. Tuskegee reluctantly admits 52; the Chicago Tribune notes 54; TH E CRISIS finds 74, of whom 69 were colored and 5 white. Of the 69, four were colored women. The following is a list of the lynehings and those starred are unrecorded in the Chicago Tribune list; with regard to live of these of unknown name there is a bare possibility of duplication or mistake, but this does not seem probable: COLORED MEN LYNCHED IN 1914 Jan.—Okla.—Dickerson, murder. N . C.—Wilson, murder. *Fla.—Peck, assault. *Fla.—James, assault. Tex.—Lee, assault, '(la.—Harris, murder. Feb.—Miss.—Petty, murder. Miss.—Johnson, murder. M arch—Mo.—Shields, murder. Tex—Williams, assault. "Miss.—Unknown, murder. Ala.—Young, rape. Okla.—Scott, murder. April—"Miss.—Turner, assault. 'Miss.—Unknown, race riot. *Miss.—Unknown, race riot. *Tex.—Morgan, assault. May—La.—Washington, murder. *Ga.—Jones, theft. La.—Hamilton, rape. *Fla.—Woodsome, unlawful entry. June—Tex.—Robertson, murder.* "Miss.—Smith, robbery. *Miss.—Collins, resistance. July—Miss.—Bailey, theft. S.	 C.—Carson, murder. August—Okla.—Williams, murder. La.—Griffin, murder. La.- Hall, murder. La.—Holmes, murder. La.—Unknown, murder. La.—Romeo, murder. *Miss.—Robinson, murder. "Ala.— Unknown, "running amuck." Sept.—* Ala.—Baines, robbery. Ga.—Brown, murder. Oct.—Fla.—Junior, rape. Miss.—Miller, rape. Ark.—Davis, murder. *Ala.—Unknown, assault. *Ark.—Unknown, murder. *Ark.—Unknown, murder. Tex.—Durfee, murder. Nov.—Miss.—Burns, assault. Ky.—10 unknown Negroes by night-rid ers. Fla.—Evans, rape. Ky.—Allen, by night-riders. S. C.—Wilson, murder. Miss.—Sullivan, arson. Miss.—Sullivan, arson. Dec.—La.—McKnight,	 murder. La.—T. Lewis, murder. La.—Dirden, murder. La.—W. Lewis, murder. La.—Washington, murder. La.—Henderson, murder. Ala.—Jones, unlawful entry. S.	 C.—Green, intent to steal. S. C.—Seymour, rape. "Miss.—Williams, assault. Total	 69 NUMBE R B Y MONTH S Jan 6 Miss 15 Feb 2 La 1 3 Men 5 K y 11 Apr 4 Fl a 5 May 4 Tex 5 June 3 Ala 5 July 2 S. C 4 Aug S Ar k 3 Sept 2 Okla 3 Oct 7 Ga 3 Nov 16 N . C 1 Dec i n Mo 1 NUMBER BY CRIMES Percentage Murder 30 44 By rioters and nightriders 13 19 Personal assaults 10 1 4 Rape, attempts to rape and pre sence in women's rooms 8 11 % Robbery and theft 5] Arson 2 J- 11% Resistance to search... 1 'O say, can you see by the Dawn's early light, What so proudly we hailed at the Twilight's last gleaming!" THE CRISIS LYNCHED BY YEARS, 1885-1914 1885 78 1900 107 1886 71 1901 107 1887 80 1902 86 188S 95 1903 86 1889 95 1904 S3 1890 90 1905 61 1891 121 1900 64 1892 155 1907 60 1893 154 1908 93 1894 134 1909 73 1895 112 1910 65 1896 80 1911 63 1897 122 1912 63 1898 102 1913 79 1899 84 1914 69 Total 2,732 These lynchings produce the usual little pleasantries with which the American nation is so familiar. Murder, for instance, sounds very awful and yet we must remember that one of those lynched for murder was killed in defence of a colored woman's honor. In another ease a marshal had already shot a man whom he was about to arrest. The man then killed him and was promptly lynched. In two Florida cases proof that the lynched men were innocent came after they were dead. P&gt;lood hounds and posses have been responsible for desperate resistance on the part of men afterward lynched, and in one case the man who had been respited on account of doubt of his guilt was promptly killed by the mob. The so-called assaults were to a considerable extent fights where the white man was worsted. One constable received a flesh wound and his assailant was lynched, whereupon the constable promptly recovered. Another white man suffered the indignity of being struck by a hoe, and still another of having his chin bitten off. The assailants in both eases were killed with great enthusiasm. Attacks on property are most irritating, and one boy who stole a pair of shoes suffered the same fate as a man who stole a couple of mules. Mules are quite valuable in Mississippi. In the very recent lynchings in Louisiana it would seem that the search for a missing $500 was the chief motive. The burning of a barn in Mississippi resulted in two lynchings. The chivalry of southern white manhood toward colored women has been particularly conspicuous this season. Two men raped a colored girl in Oklahoma. One was killed by her brother and their friends thereupon lynched the girl! A Mississippi mob killed a wife along with her husband, leaving a four-year-old child motherless, while in another case a colored woman who had the impudence to refuse to allow her home to be searched was summarily dealt with. On the other hand, white womanhood received its usual protection. A n impudent porter pushed a white woman off the sidewalk and was lynched. In two cases colored men were found in white women's rooms. They were immediately charged with "attempted" rape and killed. Human bonfires have been made in three or four cases: one in Georgia, one in Mississippi, and one in Louisiana. In Louisiana the victim was a nice old man of the "uncle" type which the white South particularly loves. A theatrical company playing "Potash and Perlmutter". made an excursion to the entertainment and several society women were present. Al l this goes to show how peculiarly fitted the United States is for moral leadership of the world; for putting to shame the dreadful people who are fighting in Europe and seem quite lost to decency. It is a fine thing to have under these circumstances the stern cool leadership of President Wilson, who has recently raised his finger and with a sad look on his benevolent face told the South "as a Southerner" that they must "know the needs of the Negro and sympathetically help him in every way that is possible for his good and for our good." The President ended with a charming story from Charles Lamb. A PILE OF BOOKS William Stanley Braithwaite —Anthology of Magazine Verse for 1914. Published by the author. $1.50. Leon Laviaux—The Ebon Muse and Other Poems, Englished by John Myers O'Hara. Smith and Sale. $2.00. T. O. Steward—The Havtian Revolution, 1791-1S04 Thomas Y . Crowell Co. $1.25. George W . Ellis—Negro Culture in West Africa. Neale Publishing Co. $2.00. Charles Alexander—Battles and Victories of Allen Allensworth. Sherman, French &amp;• Co. $1.70. Charles Edward Russell—Story of Wendell Phillips. Charles H. Kerr &amp; Co. 50 cents. John H. Reed—Racial Adjustments^ in the Methodist Episcopal Church. Neale Publishing Co. A PILE OF BOOKS A. M. Trawick, Editor—The New Voice in Race Adjustment, Addresses and Reports presented at the Negro Christian Students' Conference. Atlanta, Ga.. May 14-18, 1914. Students' Volunteer Movement. George F. Bragg—Men of Maryland. Published by the author. Maurice X. Corbett—The Harp of Ethiopia. Na tional Baptist Publishing Board. Sidney L. Gulick—The American-Japanese Problem. Charles Scribner's Sons. $1.75. We have before us an interesting pile of books. First in interest comes Mr. Braithwaite's "Anthology." TH E CRISIS has said before that the great gift of Negro blood to America is not to be cotton or potatoes but a new gift of art and realization of beauty. Something of this has already come in the wonderful music of black folk and what may come in the future is curiously evidenced by the fact That to-day a man of Negro blood is recognized as being the foremost critic and expositor of American poetry. It is a peculiar position, full of temptation and annoyances, but in it Mr. Braithwaite keeps his singular poise and calm, his simple, judicial sense. He is doing a great work and he lets himself do it untrammelled by racial lines or economic considerations; and with one accord the American literary world yields him the palm in his field. Curious, is it not, that this defense of poetry among white folk should come and come so naturally from colored lips? "The modern idea seems to be that poetry has no relation to life. Life in the modern sense is action, progress, success. Poetry has been conceded special themes: it can deal with passion—the strange and unnatural and unreal physical attraction of the sexes—with nature, with the symbols of mythology, and with the characteristic sentimental heroism of history and events. With reality, it must have nothing to do. It is supposed, by the modern world of Anglo-Saxon literalness, to create an atmosphere of illusion, which one must avoid to keep one's emotions from going astray in a civilization that needs the hardest kind of commonsense. It is paradoxical that the English-speaking people who have given the world the greatest poets, should take this false attitude while in possession of the .greatest spiritual and imaginative legacy of life and experience, bequeathed them from one generation to another during the last four hundred years." In Mr. Braithwaite's bibliography he mentions "The Ebon Muse" by Leon Laviaux. The translator of these poems came across the book in New Orleans in 1008. It was written in Creole-French patois by a quadroon twenty-two years of age, and a resident of Martinique. Mr. O'Hara has now translated these poems into English and by way of introduction he quotes those line words of Lafcadio Hearn: "Physically, the file de couleur [colored woman] may certainly be classed, as white Creole writers have not hesitated lo class her, with the most beautiful women of the human race." It. is to these women that Laviaux sings: " A hymn of racial beauty, rare and new, The rival lure beneath the ebon hue; The radiance of the suns that triumph in The finer lustre of the golden skin; Burnished as bronze or sable as the rise, Velvet and deep, of moonless midnight skies. This was the gift, my heritage, that she Gave with the kiss whose fire is memory; Whose freshness is of Heliconian dews, The consecration of the Ebon Muse." Turning from poetry we have two solid contributions to the history of the Negro race in the books of Steward and Ellis. Chaplain Steward has written a history of "The Haytian Revolution" which, as he says, was "one of the most interesting movements of modern times." "The social foundations were destroyed and the whole social superstruction reduced to its original elements, and the State was organized while society was little more than chaos. "The Haytian Revolution was accomplished on the one hand by slaves who were fighting primarily for the right to own themselves; and on the other by men, half free, who were contending primarily for the other half of freedom—their rights as French citizens. Both classes were without political training, and the most enlightened of the so-called free men had but the slightest theoretical knowledge of the duties and problems of government. These people, unlearned in state-craft, unskilled in warfare, masses of them but recently from the wilds of Africa, arose in their native might and resuming their primitive freedom overthrew the existing social order by force of arms and in the end created a State." The book is well printed and illustrated. Mr. George W. Ellis, formerly Secretary of Legation in Liberia, has made an excellent contribution to Negro history in his intensive monographic study of the Vai people of the West coast of Africa. He shows, as all TH E CRISIS serious students of African life prove, the high culture and ability of these black people. Both these two histories ought to be in every colored American's library. Charles Alexander's chronicle of the life of the late Col. Allen Allensworth is much longer and more detailed than the reader could wish, and yet the evident truth of the chronicle, particularly, that relating to Al lensworth's childhood and youth is of great interest. The part relating to his adult life is rather spoiled by a number of letters and documents and newspaper clippings together with essays on the Negro problem and even poems. Many readers will be attracted, nevertheless, to much of this record. Charles Edward Russell's little volume on Wendell Phillips is a tremendously inspiring thing and ought to be in the hands of every American child of all colors. As Mr. Russell says: "Diligently the whole story of our civil war is perverted and distorted to the minds of the rising generation. The glory for the abolition of slavery is bestowed upon men that had no feeling or conviction against the hateful institution and were no more than the passive instruments in the bauds of an aroused public opinion. Back of all these, back of the military commanders whose statues rise now in every square of the national capital, back of the misread and misunderstood Emancipated Proclamation, was the little band of Abolitionists steadily appealing to the nation's conscience. The real emancipators of the slaves were Garrison, Phillips, John Brown and the few that standing with them upon the exalted ground of right, despised expediency and refused to compromise." And he adds truly that Wendell Phillips, socialist and emancipator, has been perhaps most neglected of all. There is much in "The New Voice in Race Adjustment" which will interest students of Negro problem, although the addresses and papers are of very uneven value and there is a certain smug religiosity about the whole thing which is not attractive. Negroes would do well to read Mr. Gulick's sympathetic study of the American-Japanese Problem. It is a broad statement of a race difficulty kindred to ours on which we should be intelligent. Al l these books are for sale at this office. THE HOWARD FOOTBALL TEAM (SEE PAGE 191) THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Check That Made History Standard Life Insurance Company paid on January 4th, to Mrs. Artha Caver, of Pine Bluff, Arkansas, Two Thousand Dollars, in full settlement of a policy in that Company on the life of her husband, Lynch F. Caver, a prominent young business man. Mr. Caver took this policy July 17th. 1914. He paid in premiums, S47.10. He was injured in a runaway accident, December 17th, 1914. He died as a result of his injuries, December 24th, 1914. Death proof papers were received by the Company January 4th. 19IS. Payment made January 4th, 1915. Same day. His wife received two thousand dollars. This is the largest payment ever made by a colored life insurance organization to a policy holder, and this check makes history. Mr. Caver was only 32 years old, in perfect health and had every reason to believe he would live for a long time. The accident which killed him came suddenly and without warning. Maybe you are in perfect health today. You think you are going to live a long time too. But accidents are frequent. Who knows? Take that insurance today that you planned to take last year. You know you need it and ought to have it. Delays are dangerous. Suppose Mr. Caver had delayed his application. Among the claims we paid last year were: Chas. H . Stroud, Atlanta, $1,000. Killed in street car. A former letter carrier. Rev. I. S. Person, St. Louis, Mo., $500.00. Heart failure. A prominent C. M . E. Minister. Chas. A . Shaw, Brunswick, Ga., $500.00. Gun shot wound. Past Grand Chancellor Knights of Pythias. Let us protect you as we protected the families of these men. No matter where you live we can protect you. Over One Hundred Thousand Dollars on Deposit with the State of Georgia for the Protection of all policy holders. Please send me STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. particulars 200 Auburn Avenue about insurance. ATLANTA , :: :: GEORGIA ASex mount % Capital Fully Paid $100,000.00 | Age Weight Occupation HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Secretary Name Address (C. Feb. 1915.) Mention TH E CUIUS 202 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER = THE = Underwood is the machine upon whic h all World's Speed and Accurac y typewriter records have been established. THE Underwood is the holder of the Elliott Cresson Medal for superiority of mechanical construction. UNDERWOOD "The Machine You Will Eventually Buy" UNDERWOOD BUILDING NEW YORK Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography Al l branches of photography taught. Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses: Amateur, intermediate, professional. REGISTER NOW. 3519 So. STATE STREET CHICAGO, III. Telephone Douglass 6688 Made-to-Measure Express $2.75 Prepaid fc= l*ants cut in the latest style. Made-to-your individual measure. Fit, workmanship and wear guaranteed. No Extra Charge for peg tops, no matter how extreme you order them. Agents Wanted A good live hustler in every town to take orders for our celebrated made to meas ure clothes. Samples of all the latest materials FREE. We Pay Big Money to our agents everywhere. Turn your spare time into cash by taking orders for our stylish clothes. Write today for beautiful FREE outfit. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Department 803 CHICAGO A Life of NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY By MAUD CUNEY HARE (His Daughter) Would you like to read about a red-blooded man who was one of the great leaders of Negro Americans? Would you like to inspire your children with the life of this "Tribune of the Black People"? 250 pages. Postpaid, $1.50. Best terms to agents. T H E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c. each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Wav ing. Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Morningside 8162 booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK 1 TIT A f 1 ¥1ITU The new efficiency era calls IIJ^^IIIJULJ modern way of for the •electing teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W . Washington, D. C. Only $65.00 No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade A Value Unequaled. Sold on $1.00 Front Margin Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog C. R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern In the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today— Now! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, 111. PROFITABLE SPARE TIME WORK Colored agents wanted to take orders for our high grade calling cards. Big demand everywhere. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING, Indianapolis. Ind COLORED MEN WANTED TO PREPARE AS SLEEPING-CAR AND TRAIN PORTERS. No experience necessary. Positions pay $65 to $100 a month. Steady work. Standard roads. Passes and uniforms furnished when necessary. Write now. I. RY. C. I., Dept. 28, Indianapolis, Ind. Your Next Suit Hand Tailored— Classy Linings— Millionaire Trimmings—Swell Cut— Guaranteed Fit- FREE Made to Your Measure $30 to $40 would not buy a better one, but you get it for nothing. Not a 1 rout to pay. Simply wear it, tell your friends where you got it, and make $10tos15aDay taking their orders. It __ dead easy. Yon never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pat tern, cut in strictly Tan no style(months ahead of the times). You choice of 60 patterns and a doze: different styles to choose from Drop us a postal card f or heavy pattern book, inside information about styles, Self-measuring, blanks, etc., etc. Don't wait Everything free—Wo pay ex pressage. Get ahead of the other fell'&gt;ws—write this very minute A postal will do it. AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS CO. Sept. 251 CHICAGO YOU CAN MAKE A FORTUNE with our formulas and business propositions. Here is a big offer. Will send you complete working formulas for Resisto Cement, mends everything; Crystal Soapaline, a liquid soap; Complexion Beautifier, a cosmetic; Sunburst Metal Polish; Klenso Washing Compound, all for 50 cents. Send us your remittance and let us put you in touch with other dollar coining propositions. These formulas formerly sold for $5.00. Write now. REYNOLDS TRADE SPECIALTIES 3569 RHODES AVENUE CHICAGO. ILL. REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pres. N. E. Corner 8th And Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 17 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANT A UNIVERSIT Y CONFERENC E ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for dear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send orders to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, SO illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. THE BOOK OF THE CENTURY A Pullman Porter s Memoirs By JACK THORNE A collection of original Short Stories of Travel, written in an entertaining and attractive style, covering a period of ten years in the Pullman Service. Cloth Bound $1.00 Good Commission to Agents Address: ARTHUR A. SCHOMBURG, 63 West 140th St., New York City, or JOH N E. BRUCE (Grit), 146 Warburton Ave., Yonkers, N. Y. A NEW WAY To GetYourClothesFree A NEW PLAN TO MAKE BIG MONEY DURING YOUR SPARE TIME Something different — better, bigger, more liberal than any offer ever made. Lower prices—better clothes— bigger cash profits—Express paid on everything. Double Pay FRE E clothes and cash profits besides. W e don't ask you to use your cash profits for your own clothes. Ours is a new and better plan. An Extra Present with every order. Not a prize scheme. . Choose what you want, work for it and get it besides your Cash Profits. Agent's Complete Outfit FREE, fifty-six stylish, real cloth samples — fifty Fashion Plates. Inside wholesale prices. Everything FREE. Get into the big money-making class. Just put your name on a post card and mail it to us today. SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 303, Chicago Pianos-PLAYER PIANOS Factory to Home BY MY PLAN of selling direct from factory to home. I can save you from $110 to $200 on my celebrated Evans Artist Model Pianos. TWO to Four Years to Pay The easiest kind of terms, weekly, monthly, quarterly or yearly payments to suit your convenience. All middlemen, jobbers, dealers and agents profits cut out. No charge fur salesroom expense fur my office is in my factory. These are some of the reasons Why I can sell the Evans Artist Model Pianos for such little money. Let mc send you the other reasons Write today. 30 Days Free Trial A We allow all freight charges, let you use the beautiful Evans Artist Model Piano for thirty days free. If you are not entirety satisfied, we will take it hack without any cost to you—you are the sole X*/\o-$ judge to decide. If you want to keep it, you may do so on -our low factory wholesale price on A/cJ* most convenient terms. £ ^ Free Music LessonsySyr^tf To the first customer in each locality y&lt;y0sJ*&amp;' we will give a two years course of piano Ay Cr Instruction free. Ask about our insurance plan and our method of saving &gt;you money. Write today. t.*V F. O. Ev-&gt;is Piano Co-&lt;¥&lt;f Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY .„.„_„ . f Central 104-W T Telephones: { M ain fil HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L . D. Telephone 3297 Market Residence L . D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N . J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AN D COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Addresa, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AN D COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins 1 George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md . Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. ATTORNEY AN D COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio B. F. BOOTH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 57 N. Second Street Memphis Tenn. T. L. SWEENEY Lawyer and Notary Public FAYETTEVILLE WEST VIRGINIA R. D. E V A NS Attorney and Counselor at Law. Secretary Lone Star State Bar Association. Your Texas business solicited. Can handle in any part of state. 120 1-2 S. 3d STREET Phone 19SS, New WACO, TEXAS PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. -135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ARCHITECT 138J4 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio: 30 W. 132d STREET, NE W YORK CITY J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. AGENTS WANTED FOR W. T. McKissick &amp; Co's. FAMOUS 90 DAYS TREATMENTS No. 1, No. 2 and No. 3 For Scalp, Hair and Skin P. O. Box 102, WILMINGTON, DEL. WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Wear Next ADVANCE STYLES Season's FREE Style NOW Suits To Introduce Here we go again , break ing all records for new, nobby, ahead-of-the-time styles Be the first in your town to wear a suit that in ahead of the time. You can do it FREE. To introduce these styles quickly we will (rive you a complete suit free, and by your wearing it you $50 to $100 a Week Drop us a postalforyouradvance book, select the Btyles you want and the cloth, and get Your Suit FREE Don't wait. Don't delnv. Write right away. A postal w 1 do. Wo Send everything rhe day your request ia received. We pay ex press on everything. Get busv. Simply send ue n postal with your name and address on • t. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept. 251 CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. HOUSE BEHIND THE CEDARS. (Charles W. Chesnutt) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous) 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWLY LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 THE MARROW OF TRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 TH E SPORT OF TH E GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) '. 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIN D OF PRIMITIVE MAN . (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMAT H OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford). ? 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 TH E AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H . Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 TH E COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E . Baker) 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) 25 Address TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention TH E CRISIS Attention, Masons! A New Book of Interest to You Prince Hall and His Followers A carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United Stales, with notes and documents, by GEORGE W. CRAWFORD, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of Ne w Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed Masons in the country. COMMENTS From James F. Rikards, 33°, Most Puissant Sovereign Grand Commander, A.	 &amp; A. Scottish Rite: "'Prince Hall and His Followers,' written by a scholarly Afro-American, presents tip the Masonic world a treatise on the legitimacy of Negro Masonry that should he in the hands of every Mason seeking for Truth. The information contained in the chapter devoted to Prince Hall is alone worth to the young Mason the price of the hook. Brother Crawford's easy and pleasing style creates in the reader a desire to complete the volume before putting the book out of his hands." From Henry A . Spencer, 33°, Grand Master and Grand Commander of Knights Templar of New York : "The book fills a long-felt want among intelligent Masons of our Race. To know that we are right, and to substantiate that fact by intelligent research and logical statements, is worth more to us than what the other fellow may say. This is what Brother Crawford's book does; and it should be in the hands of every Mason of our Race." From Jose H. Sherwood, 33°, Past Grand Master of Minnesota and Deputy Imperial Potentate of Shriners : " A very strong brief, setting forth plainly the legitimacy of Prince Hall Masonry, and, as well, a stem call to all Negroes to assume full pride in the happy possession of a Rite which can show such clear proofs of its contentions." From William H . Grimshaw, 33°, Past Grand Master of the District of Columbia and author of " A History of Colored Freemasonry" : "I have read with great pleasure 'Prince Hall and His Followers.' The book is well written, containing clear and convincing diction. The impartial accuracy with which the fads are marshalled makes the book a very valuable asset to .Masons." Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW	 AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: : : New York Mention TH E CRISIS