550 WEIRD TALES    terrible shudder shook his form, and the old Arab raider lay quite still.  "Yes, you may safely trust Abdul," spoke a quiet voice.  I sprang to my feet and wheeled at the sound. To my surprise a tall young Arab was standing not two paces be- hind me. So intent had I been on the words of the dying man that he had crept up without my seeing him. In- stantly my hand flew to my holster, but the newcomer only smiled at the ges- ture, then gazed on the form before us.  "It was written, then, that I should come too late," he spoke, bending over the dead man. "I was on guard at the pass when the raiders returned and told how my uncle had been wounded and left on the sands--the usual treat- ment of 'The Wolf' to the aged, or those who have served their purpose. I came in all haste, but--"  The young Arab turned and faced me. "I heard the words that were spo- ken," he went on. "That you are a sur- vivor of the battle, I know, but why you should be following the trail of the warriors, Allah alone knows."  There was a brief silence as we stared at each other.     "Had I not been sent to the north, the day before the departure of the warriors," he added, "I too would have been among the attackers of the fort. Of all his many followers, I am 'The Wolf's' most trusted messenger."  "But your uncle," I reminded. "He said I could trust you."  "And so you may. I am 'The Wolf's' most trusted messenger, but I am also his most deadly enemy." His black eyes flashed a sudden anger. "Look at that!" he cried, raising his left hand, and I could see that three of his fingers had been severed. "That is the work of 'The Wolf!' That is what happened when I misjudged the location of a car- avan he would have destroyed, but a scant three miles."  "I do not know who you are, white man, but I will help you. The last words of my beloved uncle shall not be false ones. In the meantime--  "Up with your hands, dog of an un- believer!" he roared suddenly. "Up with them or I blow your head off!"  At the same moment wild yells sounded from the near-by sand-hills, and a score of white-robed horsemen came galloping toward us!    Don't miss next month's thrilling chapters of this unusual tale, in which The Midnight Lady's identity is revealed. We suggest that you reserve your copy at your magazine dealer's now.   WARNING TO CRANKS If you want to stay cranky, look out for Star Single-edge Blades! They're so keen, they're so gentle with a tender skin that if you're not careful, you'll be smiling all over. Famous since 1880! StarBlades cost little: 4forl0¢. Star Blade Division, Brooklyn, N. Y. STAR SINGLE-EDGE BLADES 4 for 10¢ FOR GEM AND EVER-READY RAZORS