The Finger of Guilt 25 Lange neatly upon his haunches. In- furiated, the tears of chagrin streaming down his face, Lange drew his gun as he staggered to his feet. Farris closed in. They wrestled. Farris slipped and in his attempt to keep the gun from being twisted against his chest, he unfortunately put his hand over the front of the barrel just as Lange pulled the trigger. His left hand crushed by ball and powder, Farris backed away. He reached his desk and jerked at a drawer. Lange sent a second bullet through Far- ris' left shoulder. Farris fell. From a sitting position, he reached into the drawer and fetched his revolver. Quite deliberately he aimed at Lange who was sneaking out of the room. He fired and Lange crumpled to the floor. Then Farris, too, lapsed into uncon- sciousness. A woman in the next apartment tele- phoned fo the police. . . . III The next morning, Detective McKeane, after a visit to the hospital, called "on the district attorney and an- nounced that both Farris and Lange would pull through. "And even though he's already dis- posed of the jewels, I got a confession covering the Scofield and Ellingwood robberies," said McKeane. "Look here --know what this is?" The district attorney looked at the curious thing McKeane had handed him and shook his head. "It's all shot to pieces--doesn't look like much now. But it was once the most perfect artificial finger ever fash- ioned by man! It took Farris one year to make it--and he was an expert at the manufacture of artificial limbs. Lost his own finger in an accident--the finger next to the pinky on the left hand. Cut off just above the knuckle. Well, he took his own finger and made a plaster mold of it. In the mold, he made this artificial finger of rubber and other substances. Feel it . . . you can't tell it from flesh. Look at the ridges-- the veins painted in . . . and he could get a perfect finger-print with it! It will stand a microscopic test! It is hollow-- that's where he hid the lavalliere !" "But how was the finger kept--?" "He made a thin silver ring which fitted snugly around his stump; this sil- ver ring was threaded. Inside the open end of the artificial finger he had an- other silver ring, also threaded ... he simply screwed the finger on--and off! Matter of a few seconds! The artificial finger came over the stump: there was a slight visible line, which wras painted flesh-color and then protected again by a gold band ring he always wore around the place where the finger and the stump joined." "And the finger was perfect in every respect--?" "But two. By sight or touch it could not be distinguished from a flesh and * bone finger. And by a few month's practice, he had even learned to move it! You see, with his stump, he could move it up to the first joint. The other joint he manipulated by pressure with his pinky. But in these two respects the finger was wanting: it did not take tem- perature, and if you squeezed hard, you could press it together. But in these latter respects, he was in little danger, since he shook hands with his right hand, of course, and there was no other reason why anyone should ever feel his left. Try to imagine me searching that guy for a lavalliere!" "H'm. I should say it's a good thing he's in for a long siesta!" "Well . . . he's already promised that when he gets out he's going to make an artificial hand to replace the one Lange blew off of him. Then, he says, he'll be able to hide half a jewelry store. . . ." 