72 The Campaign for Vengeance did not solve the question of Bradshaw's whereabouts, does not interest us. We must keep pace with Rita. VIII Whatever slight inclination Rita may still have had to confess her part of the crime against Bradshaw disappeared entirely in that moment in which Rudie Breen spoke the words The Mogul. Now that she had somehow wedged into the scheme of things in which The Mogul was the pivot, her mind became once again a single-track mind; she excluded every thought except those which were directly connected with her problem of running down her quarry. Rudie Breen was the medium through which she had established contact with The Mogul's sphere; she therefore clung to Breen tenaciously and encour- aged his friendship in the hope that he would try again to involve her in some of his machinations. In this hope she was not disappointed. Rudie did not use her again in his personal ventures. He did more; he introduced her into society--a society which practised crime in its more refined forms. With the explanation that he still owed her some- thing for rescuing him when the police raided the dance hall, and regret that he could not pay the debt himself, Rudie offered to introduce her to "some friends of mine who may be able to do some- thing for you." The friends lived in a private, brown- tone house on Eighty-first Street. You have already met the occupants of the house. They are the couple who were with Rudie at the dance hall and who, like Rudie (Rita was not aware of this) escaped while the place was in darkness. "Meet Mr. Harold Creighton," intro- duced Breen. "I think you've met before." "On the southeast corner of Thirty- ninth Street and Seventh Avenue," smiled Rita. Mr. Harry Creighton introduced the statuesque blonde, "Miss Daly--my wife, Judith." With no further comment Breen stepped out of the room and Creighton locked the door. He motioned Rita into a rocker and joined his wife on the settee. "We know everything about you that Breen knows," began Creighton. "It appears obvious that your head is more than a garage for bonnets--for which reason.you interest us. Here's our proposition : In our--business--we can occasionally use an intelligent, attractive and unattached girl. How we will use you will depend upon the talents you show you possess--more of this some other time. "It is enough to say now that we work always with a minimum of vio- lence and that we will so arrange mat- ters that the dangerous part of your work will be done by someone else for you. In return for your services we will offer you a room in this house--you pass as Judith's sister--board, clothing (in this respect you can go the limit) and a fifty-fifty split on the profits of such ventures in which you play the leading role." Creighton paused and stroked his glossy, black hair, then easily: "You will, of course, be in a position to squeal, in which case we could suggest to the authorities that you had not told the truth in regard to the disappearance of Mr. Bradshaw. But we wouldn't. We'd just kill you. Well?" "I'd like to go into this thing with my eyes open," replied Rita. "Of course, I can't expect you to take me entirely into your confidence at the present time. In one of our talks Breen spoke of The Mogul. You give me an earful about this gent and I'll give you my answer." Creighton began pulling at his waxed 