ADVERTISING WURLITZER Your Choice, On Trial THE Wurlitzer plan gives you any instrument with a complete musical outfit for a week's Free Trial in your own home. No obligation to buy. Return the instrument at our expense at the end of the week, if you decide not to keep it. Trial won't cost you a penny. Monthly Payments Payments are arranged in small monthly sums A few cents a day will pay for your instrument and complete outfit. The Wurlitzer plan gives you all at direct cost. You get the outfit and instrument practically for the cost of the instrument alone. Artistic quality of Wurlitzer instru- ments is known all over the world. Wurlitzer instruments have been used by artists and in the finest orchestras and bands for years. The house of Wurlitzer has made the finest musical instruments for more than 200 years. Complete Outfits The new plan includes with the instrument everything that you need-- velvet and plush lined carrying case with lock and key, all accessories and extra parts, self instructor, book of musical selections, etc. A Wurlitzer Outfit This shows the Wurlitzer Violin Out-fit. Case is professional style, beauti-fully finished. Complete outfits like this are now furnished with all Wurlitzer instruments. Every musical instrument known, including Pianos and Victrolas, is em-braced in the Wurlitzer plan. Send for New Catalog Every known instrument illustrated and fully described in detail with prices, monthly payments and free trial blank. More information and pictures of instruments than in any other book published. (Also complete catalog of accessories, repairs, strings and all needs for replacements for any instru-ment made. Instant mail service.) Book is absolutely free. No obligation. Send the coupon now. The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company Cincinnati Chicago New York San Francisco Copyright 1921, The Rudolph Wurlitzer Co. THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER CO., Dept. 1693 117 E. 4th St., Cincinnati 120 W. 42nd St., New York 700 Jackson Blvd., Chicago 215 Stockton St., San Francisco Send me your new catalog with illustrations in color and full description of the Wurlitzer Complete Outfits and details of the free trial and easy payment offer. Name ..... Address .. (State musical instrument in which you are especially interested) In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 