76 The Campaign for Vengeance And friend Nevins, a detective, was across the street, less than a hundred feet away! And yet the difficulties which blocked her betrayal of Geiger seemed almost insurmountable. For this one point must be kept constantly in the fore- ground of the reader's, as it was in Rita's thoughts; she could under no circumstances commit any act which would disclose her identity. She had to retain the confidence of her circle till she penetrated to its centre, The Mogul. He, after all, was the one she was seek- ing; if she revealed herself now as a spy, all her previous suffering would have been in vain. She could, therefore not cry out nor send any message to Nevins or to the police. Her problem was to communi- cate with Nevins by some method that would escape the attention of the other persons in the room with her. And the message would have to be complicated and of some length; it would have to tell the secret of the hidden jewels. Such a message could be written or telephoned, but neither of these agencies was practicable. She had neither pen, pencil nor paper, and if she asked for them her request would be certain to arouse some curiosity on the part of her "friends." And even assuming she could write a note, how could she have it delivered? If she dropped it out of the front window, it would land on the roof of the porch. If she tied it to some heavy object and threw it out, that would be sure to attract attention--and it probably would escape the notice of Nevins who was sitting on the other side of a drawn shade. And, of course, it was altogether impossible to have a note carried to Nevins; she couldn't run across the street herself nor could she stop a passerby. All this would too obviously arouse the curiosity of the Creightons. Neither could she telephone. That was one respect in which Creighton guarded her anxiously. Though he ap- peared to trust her absolutely in all other matters, he always tried to listen in when she phoned. The task seemed hopeless. Then someone on the game block started his victrola playing the fox- trot, "Say It With Music." Say it with music. Rita could have kissed the man who wrote that song, the band which made the record and the man who had the inspiration to play it at that particular moment. Rita looked meditatively up at the silvered moulding which held the loot. Her eyes then rested on the mountain landscape which hung on the wall be- tween the two windows. She con- tinued her reflections a few seconds longer, then she sauntered leisurely to Geiger's victrola and began examining the list of his records. Geiger fortunately, was an inveterate jazz-fiend. His cabinets held hun- dreds of records. He had all the popular songs from "Sweet Rosie O'Grady" to "When Frances Dances With Me, Hully Gee!" There were six titles which especially interested Rita. Her heart beat furi- ously as she dug out a record,, put it on the machine and cranked up the motor. At that moment, the clock on Geiger's mantlepiece tolled one, in- dicating half past nine. She would he leaving in half an hour. There would be just time enough to play six records. But--would the "stranger" across the street tumble ? It was late August; her windows were open--there was a screen in the one at which Nevins was sit- ting--it was a quiet neighborhood--the other victrola had stopped playing-- Nevins would hear clearly the music that was poured from Geiger's machine. 