88 The Campaign for Vengeance In the confusion, Rita had run from the room. Fleeing down the stairs, she tripped and fell, which was a fortunate accident. Creighton had followed her into the hall; his bullet sped harmlessly over her head. The next shot was fired by Sergeant Alan Nevins, who was leading the raiders up the stairway. His bullet bored through the body of Creighton, just over the heart. Yost and Harker put up a fight and had to be shot into submission. (Neither of them was seriously wounded.) The others, finding themselves outnumbered, surrendered. Rita came to in the arms (naturally) of Nevins. She at once staggered to her feet, climbed unsteadily up the stairway, ran into the room and fell down beside the body of Rudie Breen. She took his head in her lap. "Rudie! Rudie! I'm calling you!" Rudie opened his eyes. "I--I hope. I've squared it with you, Miss Cornell for--" "I forgive you, boy ! I wanted you to know I forgive you!" "Thanks--that's--nice of you--Miss Cornell." She leaned closer and spoke in a crooning voice, "You're--through, Rudie. But don't be--afraid, boy, don't bg afraid." "Me?--afraid--I could die many times like this--" Captain Wayne, standing nearby, took off his hat--and then turned away. "I can't help it," he said. "When I see a guy pass out with his head up-- crook or no crook--it--it gets me, somehow." XVII The Mogul's tribe, having lost its leaders, disbanded and scattered to the four corners of the earth' Frank Yost squealed and pleaded for mercy; that's how they solved the mystery of "James" at headquarters. "James" was "John Ames," a detective whose record showed several suspensions for drunkenness and disorderly conduct. The gang had run his initial and last name together and called him "James" so as to cover his identity. . . . Sergeant Alan Nevins tore up the envelope which contained the history of Rita Daly's murder of J. Stanley Bradshaw. Sergeant Alan Nevins arrested Miss Marguerite Cornell and brought her be- fore the district attorney on the charge of having been implicated in the black- mailing of one Mr. Rinault. The dis- trict attorney looked at Miss Cornell over his nose glasses, said, "Hum, hum," and promised to look into the matter. The district attorney investigated one Mr. Rinault. A week later, Sergeant Alan Nevins again towed Miss Cornell before the district attorney. The district attorney invited them to have dinner with him at his home that evening and then he threw the two of them out of his office. April. The anniversary of the death of Police Captain James Cornell. A slender girl with wistful eyes and a handsome young man are standing at Captain Cornell's grave. The girl is holding a small note-book which is turned open to a page bearing the fol-&gt; lowing inscription: IN MEMORIAM. From Marge and Al. STANLEY BRADSHAW--assassinated. HARRY CREIGHTON--killed during raid. BENNY KAMP--killed during raid. TONY IGLANO--convicted of murder, elec- trocuted. JUDITH CREIGHTON--suicide. GEORGE GEIGER--convicted receiving stolen goods, 5 years. ARTHUR ASHLEY--convicted receiving stolen goods, 5 years. HENRY WORTZ--convicted counterfeiting, 10 years. 