4 Exterior to the Evidence across which the belated lover had flung himself. "Well, Marston," she said softly, "and what's the matter? Nothing wrong, if you've been laughing at it." Marston Stanbury sat up and re- sumed the soft cap which he had thrown aside in order to mop his forehead. He glanced approvingly at the girl by his side, who in her turn gave him an answering glance of entire contentment. It was not until he had got his pipe in full blast that he slipped an arm round the girl's waist and gave her what was intended for a confidential embrace. "You'd better prepare yourself for a pretty big sort of surprise, Letty," he announced. "I wouldn't mind laying my new gun against any old thing you've got that you couldn't guess in a hundred!" "Better tell, then," responded Letty. "What is it?" Marston took his pipe from his teeth and looked fixedly at his sweetheart. "Hold tight!" he said warningly. "This is it. Sir Cheville's going to be married!" "Nonsense!" "Fact!" declared Marston. "And jolly soon, too. Next month!" "At his age!" exclaimed Letty. "Just so!" said Marston. "Seventy- five last time. Still--a fact!" "And--to whom?" asked Letty. Marston gave her another warning look. "Now you will have to sit tight!" he replied. "Else you'll get thrown. You'd never guess that, either. Mademoiselle de Coulanges." Letty started and stared. "What!" she exclaimed. "The Vicar's French governess?" "You've hit it in one," said Marston. Mam'selle Zelie de Coulanges--French governess at the vicarage. That's it!-- she's to be my Lady Stanbury. May and December--she's twenty-five, and Sir Cheville's just fifty years older. Um!" Letty plucked a sprig of heather and began thoughtfully pulling it to pieces. "Marston!" she said at last. "What- ever does your mother say?" Marston nodded his head, Chinese mandarin style, with great vigour for several seconds before he replied. "You mean," he answered with a significant look, "you mean--what doesn't she say!" "Saying it--to whom?" asked Letty. "I'll tell you all about it," continued Marston. My mother and I were at lunch, when in walked my uncle. I saw at once that something was up--he wouldn't have any lunch, nor even a glass of Sherry, and he was jolly fidgety. And then, all of a sudden, he made a formal announcement--he was about to be married. And--to the Frenchwoman. Gad!--I thought my mother would have a fit!" "Yes," said Letty, "I should have expected her to. Well?" "At first," Marston went on, "she refused to believe it. Talked about his age. He said stiffly that he believed he was as hale and hearty as any man of sixty. And then, of course, she got personal--you know what a hot temper my mother has--and talked about how it would affect me. There I was, she said, his nephew and heir to the title, and always been led to expect it, and a jolly lot besides, and all that sort of thing. If he'd a son by this marriage, I'd be disinherited, and so on, and so on. She--well, to put it plainly, she was just furious!" "And--Sir Cheville?" asked Letty. "He got stiff and icy," answered Marston. "Said it had always, been a possibility that he might marry, even late in life. And that whether I ever came to the title or not, he made full provision for me, most handsome pro- vision, he repeated, with emphasis, and 