54 The Extra Dozen Eggs of God I'll have that boy out of jail before I'm a day older." Without listening to my protests and vouchsafing me no further information, he led me hurriedly along the street toward the upper end of the town. When at length I was going to declare my intention to go no farther unless he told me what wild goose chase we were pursuing, he turned in at the gate of a fine old mansion. Surprised beyond belief I saw that the house toward which we were head- ing was the home of Graham Cumber- land. "What are we doing here at this time of night?" I demanded. "Surely you've been over the case with Cumberland a hundred times before this?" Mountfort ignored my question. In- stead of answering it he took the steps of Cumberland's stoop at a bound and an instant later I heard his ring at the bell. The door was opened to us almost instantly and it was Cumberland's hand- some, genial face that looked out at us from the lighted doorway. "Come in, gentlemen, come in!" he cried when he had recognized us, "I am very glad you have taken the trouble to look in on me. I had become so bored with my own company that I was just about to pack off to bed." He stood aside and held the door wide for us to enter: "Mr. Cumberland," Mountfort said when a minute or so later we were seated in our host's library enjoying the flavor of his cigars, "our visit is not entirely a social one. In fact, I've come to ask you a further question or so about the death of Robert Marsh. Per- haps you will bear with me when I tell you that my belief in Grayson's inno- cence is still unshaken, and I do not want to leave anything undone that might in any way help him." Cumberland made a deprecatory gesture. He spoke in a tone of the utmost sincerity. "No one more than myself pities that unfortunate young man. If there is anything I can tell you or do that will aid him in any way, come to me at any time of the day or night and as often as you choose." I turned toward Mountfort to see how he was impressed by our host's generous speech and I was amazed to see him grinning almost malevolently. "Then why, Mr. Cumberland," he asked in a voice barely above a whisper, "did you purchase so many eggs on the afternoon of March 29?" "Eggs!" Cumberland cried quite rightfully startled out of his habitual calm; "what in heaven's name do you mean ?" Mountfort drew a memorandum book from his pocket and with exasperating slowness turned the pages until he found the notation he was seeking. "On March 29," he read at length, "from Simon Greene, grocer, at four- thirty in the afternoon you purchased a dozen eggs which you carried home yourself." Graham Cumberland settled back in his chair and regarded Mountfort with an amused smile. "We'll grant that astounding fact," he said good-humoredly, "but what has a quite ordinary household purchase of mine to do with Robert Marsh's death?" "But it wasn't an ordinary household purchase. You see, just the day before your cook had purchased her usual weekly amount of three dozen." Cumberland shook his head and re- garded my friend with a puzzled expression. "I'm sorry," he said, "but 1 don't quite see what you are driving at. Are you suggesting that I am extravagant in the matter of buying eggs? Or is it that you think eggs are bad--" "No, no!" Mountfort broke in, "not 