The Light That Lies 37 Long's nerves were good, but he al- most sent the car crashing into a gully at the roadside as the question came to him from the rear seat. Who was it ? How had he got there? What did Slim Bates have to do with it? Everyone knew of Bates, the fixer and friend of crooks in Bay- field. Who would be waiting silently in the cutoff for a car sent by Slim Bates? There must be some sinister reason. And the back of Long's neck crawled as he remembered the afternoon paper. It had told of the escape of a convict awaiting action on a hopeless plea for a reprieve for murder. He had killed a guard. Could he be the man behind him? It couldn't be anyone else, and Long thanked the gods of chance for the darkness that hid him. He didn't dare turn. He could feel the double murderer behind him with a gun at his back, awaiting some move. But he had to do something. "Just a minute, this is a bad stretch of road here," Long replied, trying to collect his thoughts. His way out lay through Slim. He had to take a chance. "Slim is waiting for you. He was afraid to try it himself," Long tried desperately to be matter of fact. Would he get away with it? The convict peered at the man who was now driving the car madly through the night. He didn't look like a friend of Slim's. And this sedan, richly up- holstered, wasn't the kind of car he had expected. "Where'd he get you? I never saw you before." Where did Slim get him ? Long sought for an answer. He had never seen Slim Bates. He knew him only by reputation. "No, you haven't seen me before. Slim got me so the officers wouldn't suspect anything. I owe him a big favor for getting me out of trouble once." It sounded reasonable enough, but the man on the back seat wasn't sure. Slim ought to have come himself. However, this man had given him the signal with the lights--two flashes. "Well, if Slim sent you I guess it's all right. It had better be. Where's Slim goin' to meet me ? Edgewood ?" Long almost sighed his relief. At last he had something to go ahead on. Edgewood was the meeting place then. If he could get him to Edgewood he might find a way out. "Yes." "Where's my clothes?" Again Long took a chance. "At the Edgewood Hotel." "How in hell am I goin' to get in any hotel in this stuff ?" and the convict tore savagely at his prison jacket. Again Long felt that crawling sensa- tion at the back of his neck. There was menace in his tone. How could he get to the officers before the hotel was reached? But he thanked the dealer who had sold him the cap.and long dust coat under the back seat. "I was afraid to bring too much. You'll find a long coat and a cap under that seat you're sitting on. Roll up your trousers and put them on. Just as soon as you get to my room, I'll get your clothes." Grumblingly, the convict dug the coat and cap from under the back seat as the car lurched on through the night. The guy might be an outsider, but he sure could drive, and Slim had sent him. The man settled down comfortably and thought of that car back in the bushes-- the car that wouldn't be able to pursue him. He could smoke now, and he did. Long was driving faster than he had ever driven before, but the speed was slow compared to his racing brain. What was he to do? The convict was armed. He had shot down a guard. Perhaps he 