The Man Who Was Two By Harold Ward I TO The Governor and Members of The Board of Pardons: Some six years ago, according to the Daily Press, Captain John Con- ners of the Detective Bureau of the New York City Police Department was killed in a wreck of the Oscaloosa Limited between Chicago, Illinois, and Clinton, Iowa. His body, horribly mangled and disfigured beyond recogni- tion, was shipped home, where it was buried with all the honors due a man of his position. In view of the fact that his was the only body not positively identified, to- gether with the further fact that he zvas a personal friend of the conductor, one James Barley, who testified at the in- quest that he had talked with Conners not over five minutes before the wreck, his family and friends accepted the re- mains without question. I alone know the true story of John Conners. I am making this statement in the hope that a great wrong may be righted. II Captain John Conners had been in the West in search of a gang' of forgers who had made New York their head- quarters. Failing to locate his men, he was on his way home when a telegram intercepted him at Denver asking him to keep an eye open for one Simon Latham, wanted in New York for murder. Latham, known throughout the coun- try as a gunman and gangster, had, according to the telegram, committed a crime of unusual atrocity, killing two policemen in cold blood and making his escape unscathed. He was believed to have gone to Denver, where he was known to have friends. Conners, be- ing well acquainted with him, was asked to stop over in the Colorado city to assist the police in their search. Two days spent in Denver convinced him that there was nothing to be gained by a longer stay. The second day out of the Western metropolis he was passing through the train on his way to the observation car when he suddenly located his quarry slumped down in a seat in the smoking compartment. In spite of the fact that Latham had disguised himself to the best of his ability by growing a stubby beard and donning smoked glasses, Con- ners had no trouble in recognizing him. Latham was alone in the compart- ment at the time. Before he had time to make a move Conners had him covered. "Up with your hands, Latham!" he commanded. The gunman obeyed the order. "Who d'ye think I am, damn yeh?" he snarled. Conners smiled. "I don't think--I know!" he answered. "You are--" He was interrupted by a crash. His revolver flew from his hand as he pitched forward into the arms of the man he had arrested. An instant later both men were hurled across the car and buried under a mass of debris. Then hell broke loose. The wrecked 57 