108 The Too-Easy Alibi flesh, their bodies bent and tense, the two men gave and took punishment. Pug was the taller, his arms were longer, and his fists cruelly battered his opponent's body. Then Joe dashed into close quarters, his arms short and crush- ing, his squat body aflame with hate. He was met by a man whose friend- ship had been violated, whose mood was a mixture of fury and rage. Pug was wiry; huge hands dangled at the ends of his nervously strong arms; he was viciously ferocious. His fingers sank deep into the short, round neck of the man who had come to rob him. As they fought, words flowed in a horrible stream from their lips. The argot of the underworld and the fright- fully meaningless phrases of their ordinary conversation shot in fierce fragments from them. A moment be- fore, the room had been silent save for the stealthy movements of Joe; now it was filled with hot oaths, the writhing bodies of the two antagonists, and the straining hate of their struggle. Seizing an opportunity Pug swung the smaller man against the side of the bed, and they toppled prone. Out flashed one long arm, and Pug had the stiletto. As the steel flashed above him, Little Joe turned, caught the descending hand and stopped its downward fall. He squirmed, terrified, for death leered from the face above him. With a super- human effort Joe lifted the taller man with one short massive arm, and pushed him aside. And then, grasping Pug's hand that held the knife, Joe put his utmost efforts into an effort to force it downward. It was a question of strength, and Joe was a trifle the stronger. The ten- sion did not last long; with a swiftly increasing speed the stiletto descended. Pug sank back upon the bed, his eyes filled with ludicrous surprise. Word- lessly, his mouth opened, and his body twitched. The knife remained in its human sheath. Panic seized Joe, a sudden, over- whelming fear. He tore furiously at the pillow case, grasped the thick bundle of bills, and dashed to the window. Quickly, furtively, he slipped down the fire-escape. When he reached his room, which was directly below Pug's, Joe had a horrified second. Instinct told him to protect himself; he must not be accused of killing Pug. He must leave his room, leave the building, do something to take suspicion away from himself. He caught up a cap, pulled it down on his oblong head, and slipped quietly down the stairs of the cheap rooming house. He reached the sidewalk with- out seeing anyone. And he turned into a small cigar store instantly. Tom, the man who ran the cigar store, was thin, with small, kindly, black eyes set in a wrinkled face. He had an eager, talkative way, and he was con- tinually buying new things,--a pencil, or a billfold, or one of the innumerable novelties that are sold by street-corner peddlers,--and insisting that all of his customers notice and admire his new possession. Joe slipped into the cigar store, and grunted when Tom spoke to him. At intervals -a chill plucked at his scalp and made the hairs rise and waver. His breath was still accelerated from his fierce struggle with Pug, and his body tensed each time he thought of the man he had killed. Perhaps even now Pug was still faintly breathing. The knife had sunk deep, and had not been removed. Pug had twitched; his feet had stirred upon the floor. . . . No, he was dead now. Lying with a surprised look in his eyes. Maybe Pug had squirmed a bit, or fallen from the bed, but. . . . He was lying quiet now. Looking surprised, but quiet. Joe felt his scalp crawl. 