The Campaign for Vengeance (A Complete Mystery Novelette) By John Baer I THE coffin was carried from the house by eight pall-bearers, all in the uniform of the force. The narrow street was crowded with men, women and children, all of them eager for a last look at the plain brown casket. While the coffin was being lifted into the hearse, the men bared their heads; most of the women held handkerchiefs to their eyes. Even the children kept an awed and reverent silence. All but one of them. A lad of about seven, red-headed, chubby, strong-necked and slightly bandy, pushed his smaller sister and called out, "Look! Cap'n Jimmy's in that!" Cap'n Jimmy--that's what he was to his friends in the neighborhood--and by "friends" we mean everyone within a radius of five blocks, old enough to walk, crawl or be wheeled about in the streets. As a boy and young man he had been merely Jimmy; then he "made the cops" and after a phenomenal ca- reer of seven years reached the rank of captain. But even at that he was never promoted from Jimmy to James. The parents came out of the house and entered the first coach. Then came Commissioner Anderson and by his side Alan Nevins, a plain-clothesman with the rank of sergeant. Nevins had come half way down the stoop, when he suddenly faltered. The commissioner seized him by the arm and said, rather roughly, "Come! come! Don't go to pieces! Steady now!" Thereupon the commissioner had a violent coughing spell, which was strange, considering it was a warm April day, that he had no cold, and that nothing he had tried to swallow had lodged in his throat. So Captain of Police James Cornell was buried. II Five days later, Sergeant Nevins called at the Cornell home. In the little front parlor a girl was waiting for him. Slight of build she was and of the frag- ile loveliness of an anemone; her dark eyes were the more-sparkling because of the pallor of her cheeks. The Sergeant came toward her and held out his arms as if to take her into them and hold her close. The girl took a sharp breath, stepped back a pace and nqdded toward a chair. Nevins sat down and nervously tapped the brim of his derby against his fingers. Marguerite Cornell had been in Eu- rope as traveling companion to a wealthy woman when her brother Jimmy died. She had come home too late for the funeral. She now spoke to Nevins (her fiance) with the detach- ment of a person discussing a purely professional matter in which she had no personal interest at all. "The news reports are always gar- bled," she said. "And I can't bear to speak of it to mother or father. Tell me---give me the facts straight." Sergeant Nevins cleared his throat. 61 