The Finger of Guilt 23 tieth Street, Lange said, simply, "I know a woman who has a pear-shaped emerald drop on a platinum festoon. The drop alone, because of its unique design, is worth upward of fifteen thousand. Does that interest you ?" Farris regarded the other through narrowed eyes. Lange, he knew, had lost heavily that evening, and it was obvious that the loss had unnerved him. There had been rumors that with Lange's next disastrous plunge, he would be disinherited and disowned. Farris guessed that it was the fear of such a calamity that had driven young Lange to flirt with crime. "I don't quite get you, Lange," said Farris. "Cut- out the innocence stuff! I've heard about Scofield's lavalliere--we're members of the same yacht club. I'm making no insinuations. Maybe the lavalliere was not stolen--in that case, you're not the man I want to talk to. You needn't be afraid to be frank. There are no witnesses--I couldn't prove anything on you, nor you on me. If you're really handy at making jewels disappear, say so." "What's your' proposition?" asked Farris. "Mrs. Ellingwood is giving a week- end party at her place in Great Neck. I can have you invited. If you get the stone, I get half the profits. Yes or no?" Farris answered that he would be glad to be one of the guests at Mrs. Ellingwood's week-end party. . . . Mrs. Ellingwood entertained some ten guests. Farris and Lange arrived on Friday evening in the latter's car. Saturday passed and Sunday forenoon ; in all that time, Mrs. Ellingwood had worn no jewelry of any kind except her rings. Then Lange drew Farris aside in the garden and confided, "I've taken the liberty to look about a bit in the house. There's a strong box in Mrs. Elling- wood's boudoir--" "So I noticed myself," smiled Farris. "But the box is about ten-by-twelve-by- fourteen inches and it weighs several pounds. It could hardly be hidden under a Palm-beach suit. And even if we could get it out of the house, it would probably be missed at once and we'd have to run for it. And that's one rule I never break--I never run away. I don't like the idea of being hunted." "Well--couldn't you open the strong box somehow--?" "All it takes is a little skill and a hair- pin and--" "Then why not--?" "And time," finished Farris. "I'd have to be certain no one would disturb me for at least half an hour. Of course, Mrs. Ellingwood stays downstairs with her guests. But there's the maid--she's in and out of the boudoir all the time." Lange thought it over. "Suppose-- suppose that after dinner this evening, I succeed in coaxing the maid to take a spin in my car--" "Excellent--if you can manage it." "I don't think she'll take much coax- ing," grinned Lange. Lange's evening, up to a certain point, was a grand success. The maid slipped in and out of the house unobserved. The two motored over an hour and Lange was not required to keep more than one hand on the wheel. But when, on returning, he again drew Farris aside, he could tell by the latter's down- cast expression that the plan had gone awry. "There was someone on the upper floor all the time," said Farris. "I didn't have the chance to go anywhere near the boudoir." The next morning the party broke up and Farris and Lange returned to the city. The day was a rather hectic one for 