14 Exterior to the Evidence know me, Miss Letty," he went on, "think I'm a money-grubber. I don't drink--never tasted even a glass of ale in my life !--and I don't smoke--even cheap cigarettes--and I save every penny I can. But--all for a purpose. I want to be somebody--I mean to be somebody! And of late years, I have thought--I won't deny it--that I might be somebody in a certain direction." "Oh !" said Letty. The conversation was becoming personal in a way for which she had no taste, but it was diffi- cult to break it off. "What direction? I hope you'll succeed, I'm sure, Mr. Pike." "Do you, Miss Letty ?" he exclaimed eagerly. "Do you indeed! Ah, I'm sure that's very kind of you. And I wonder if I might dare to tell you in which direction my thoughts, ambitions, hopes, and all that, have tended of late ? Do you know, I've even dared to hope that, perhaps, your father would take me into partnership? Etherton &amp; Pike, eh, Miss Letty! It--it wouldn't sound or look so bad, would it, now?" "Oh, well, that's a question for my father, Mr. Pike," answered Letty. "That's business." "But you?" said Pike. "You now? --you wouldn't object? You see, your father has no son. Ah, Miss Letty, I would be a good son to him--if I were allowed to be! Eh?" Letty moved her bicycle a yard or two away and gathered her skirts to- gether preparatory to mounting it. There was something in Pike's green eyes which she did not like, something extraordinary in the queer curve of his thin lips which she could not under- stand, and she wanted to leave him. "All business that, Mr. Pike," she said with an attempt at nonchalance. "You must talk to my father about it-- I don't know anything." "Not just yet," remarked Pike softly. "But the time may come, Miss Letty !" "Well ?" asked Letty with one foot on the pedal and without turning her head. "What is it ?" Pike edged his machine a little nearer, and in spite of the solitude in which they stood, lowered his voice to a whisper. "Would you like me to find out what this secret is that your father's got ?" he asked. "You know it's troubling you. I can! There's little that I can't do in that way, if I set myself to it." "No, certainly not!" answered Letty coldly. "My father's secrets are his own, Mr. Pike. No!" "You mean--were his own, Miss Letty," said Pike, with a meaning smile. "He was going to give them--or it-- away this afternoon to old Sir Cheville, because he owes him five thousand pounds. Yet--only a few minutes be- fore, too!--he'd just declared he wouldn't tell him if he owed him fifty thousand!" "It is my father's concern entirely," declared Letty. She got into her saddle and moved off. "Good-night, Mr. Pike," she said, over her shoulder. "One moment," said Pike. He stretched out one of his long arms and laid a detaining hand on the bars of her bicycle. "You're going to Mr. Getherfield's, Miss Letty?" he con- tinued, with his face in closer proximity to her own than she liked. "Aren't you ?" "What if I am?" she demanded half- angrily. "Just so--but you are," said Pike, "and if I were you, I shouldn't say a word to Mr. Getherfield about what you heard this afternoon, or about what we've spoken of this evening. You know what Mr. Etherton said to Sir Cheville?--if Birch, the solicitor, heard, it would upset all his plans. Mr. Ether- ton doesn't want anybody to know. Let you and I keep to ourselves--what we know. It's safe with me." 