The Too-Easy Alibi 109 He had to do something; fix things so he wouldn't be suspected. He had to do something; plan something. Make Tom think he had been here a long time. Stayed here from ten o'clock until-- "Look at this watch," said Tom, offering a thin, octagon-shaped time- piece for Joe's approval. "Bought it this morning. Perfect shape. Seven- teen jewel. A bargain." Joe looked, and then his eyes blurred. The watch was a half-hour slow! A half-hour slow. . . . Joe knew that the time was at least ten-thirty, because he had started for Pug's room at ten-fif- teen. But the watch was a half-hour slow! The hour hand had crossed the figure ten, and the minute hand was at twelve. The watch was running, its second hand was gayly marking off six- tieths of a minute, and--it was a half- hour slow! The watch said Ten o'clock. Here, begging to be used, pleading to be accepted, was an alibi. It was almost too easy. It was being forced upon him. It was too easy. And yet-- Joe took the watch from Tom's proud hands, and caressed it with trembling fingers. Ten o'clock. A half-hour slow. But Tom should not know that-- "Pretty good watch," continued Tom, his manner insinuating that the time- piece was an extraordinary and. ex- tremely valuable article. "Cost me twenty-five. Worth a hundred. See this lever?" He touched a small gold slide. "That's the chimes. Listen." While Joe held the watch, Tom drew out the tiny gold lever. A soft, clear bell rang ten times, slowly. "Tells time in the dark. Pretty good watch," said Tom, boastfully. Joe gripped his jaws together to still the chattering of his teeth. When Tom had worked the lever of the watch, he had thought that perhaps the cigar store man wanted the return of his property. Joe would give the watch back, but he would begin his alibi first. He would make sure that Tom would be positive that he had been in the cigar store at ten o'clock. Too easy? Why, he wanted something easy like this. Putting the watch to his ear, Joe listened to its clicks. His body pre- vented Tom from seeing the timepiece. So, when it crashed to the floor, the cigar store clerk was surprised. Joe had deliberately dropped it. Now! No matter what happened, Tom would now swear that Joe had been in the cigar store at ten o'clock. There remained but one thing to be done: Joe must now arrange that he should be remembered somewhere else at ten- thirty, or later. "I'll pay for having the watch fixed," said Joe, picking it up from the floor, and finding that it had stopped. "I didn't mean to drop it." He took Pug's roll of bills from his pocket, and peeled off the top one. Tom was distressed; new lines, ap- peared in his wrinkled face. "That's the best--" he began. "You've got the money to have it fixed," Joe interrupted. He was im- patient, eager to go elsewhere. "I've loafed around here long enough. Think I'll travel." He started toward the door. He would go to the corner grocery store, and make some mention of the time there. Or to the nearest drug store. Then his alibi would be perfect, bomb- proof. His feet clung to the floor, and he stretched one hand to the counter to steady himself. He felt sick, as though a solar-plexus blow had caught him un- awares. Looking in through the door of the cigar store was a detective. Joe could tell a "dick" by one swift glance. Just as wild animals know when a man is armed and dangerous, and when he is without a weapon, so 