The Campaign for Vengeance 65 street, the door opening on the hallway. Every exit was covered. Mingled with the policemen was a goodly number of detectives. An officer whose white cap and stripes showed his rank of inspector, and who seemed to be in charge, got up on a table, raised a hand, and when the place became hushed, he said : "No need for alarm, ladies and gents. We've found what we want in some barrels under a false floor in the cellar. Just pass out quietly in single file; all those not armed will be permitted to go." The procession started. The mem- bers and friends of the Step Lively Club were put to the indignity of hav- ing their pockets emptied and their handbags looked into before they were hustled through the door leading to the street. Our brown-eyed girl with the chew- ing gum quid, took in the scene calmly. But of a sudden she felt that the hand still folding hers was trembling. Some- what surprised, she turned to the young man and saw that his yellow complex- ion had turned a sickly pallor. His eyes shifted nervously about the room; he was evidently thoroughly frightened. "What's the matter?" asked the girl. "Got a gun on you ?" "N--no. But--this raid for booze is a blind--a cover. They're diggin' for snow--and if they find--" Now if the truth be told, the girl had no idea of the meaning of Rudie's words. She was sure of one thing, how- ever; Rudie felt himself threatened by a terrible calamity. And reflecting upon this fact, it occurred to the girl that Rudie would be very grateful to the person who helped him get outside that hall. And if she had one good friend in that crowd--that would be a start. "If--if someone could manage to put out the lights--" she suggested. "Fat chance. The switchboard is in the barroom." "Locked?" "No. They keep the board open for emergencies like this. The cops must have come in on them too quick for--" "Which way do you work--?" "You couldn't go wrong. There's only one lever--you pull it from left to right. But how you goin' to get at--?" "Oh!" The girl's exclamation inter- rupted him. He noticed that she was staring hard and that a flush had come into her cheeks. He was too confused, however, to notice that the object of her stare was the detective who covered the door to the barroom. "You pick out your exit," she whis- pered to him. "I guess, maybe I can make it." With that she pushed aside several others and joined the line which was winding its way slowly out the side door. The process appeared too slow for her; she stepped out Of line and came quickly forward. But she did not head for the door leading to the street; instead, she dodged past a policeman and ran toward the barroom door. She had almost reached it when the officer caught up with her and gripped her shoulder. "No you don't, Miss. You go out the same way as--" For a moment, the girl looked up at the detective standing in the open bar- room door. That gentleman suddenly startled, recovered quickly, and then favored the policeman with a frown. "Why can't I go out any way I please?" demanded the girl. "Nix, Fritz, lay off!" muttered the detective. The policeman grinned, released his hold on her. And the detective let her slip by him. Thereupon things happened. The searching process was going on in a slow, orderly way, when suddenly every light in the building went out. B. M.--Apr.--5 