The Parthian Shot 123 the heart, and, judging by the distance to which the blood has spurted, has sev- ered an artery--probably the aorta. The autopsy will determine the matter. One of you had better notify the coro- ner at once." "You do that, Dan," requested John- son, turning to the policeman; then he again bent over the body. "H'm!" came from him, in thought- ful surprise, as he picked up a half- smoked and broken cigar which had been lying under the edge of the dead man's coat. "Portina," he said, reading the name of the brand upon the cigar band. "I just wonder--" Stepping over to a rather large hu- midor at one side of the room, and opening it, he examined the contents. "Three different brands, but no Por- tinas," he informed Wynn. "I must question Mrs. Reynolds." "She is very nervous," objected Doc- tor Morris. "Is it necessary to talk to her now?" "Just two questions," said Johnson, as he went across the hall to the room which he had seen Mrs. Reynolds enter. "Mrs. Reynolds, did you find the front door locked as you ran out of the house this evening?" he asked. "Yes--no, I just turned the knob," she replied. "Who was with your husband this evening, Mrs. Reynolds?" was the next question. A look of horror swept over her face. "He didn't do it--Charles wouldn't hurt any one," she protested. "Charles who?" continued the ques- tioner. "Charles Harding. But I know he didn't do it, I know he didn't," brokenly asserted Mrs. Reynolds. "That remains to be seen. I won't trouble you any more now, though," he said, and returned to the room where the body lay. The doctor had gone. Johnson, hav- ing completed his inspection, asked the policeman to await the coroner, and went to headquarters. Wynn remained and made an exam- ination on his own account. He in- spected all parts of the room, peering into places which seemed very unprom- ising. From under the couch, he picked up a small brass plumb bob at- tached to a string, regarded it thought- fully, and put it into his pocket. Qui- etly, he left the house. The next morning, as he was about to leave his apartments, Wynn re- ceived a call from his friend, Charles Harding. "Have you seen the morning pa- pers?" the latter asked excitedly. "No, why?" was the reply. "Mr. Reynolds has been murdered, and=and I was with him last night!" exclaimed Harding. "I'm sure I was followed on my way over here. What shall I do?" "What kind of cigar do you smoke, Charley?" Portinas," said the other, staring. "But why do you--" "Never mind. You go about your business, just as if you were not being followed. You may be arrested, but don't let that worry you too much. I'm going to get busy right away--if that's any comfort to you." Harding shook him by the hand. "Thanks, old fellow. I'm glad I've got you to count on." "I'll have to go now," said Wynn. "The sooner I find out about this--if I can--the better it will be for your peace of mind." While Harding was on his way to his office, nervously aware that he still was being shadowed. Wynn was di- recting his steps up Walnut Street, ab- sorbed in thought, and unconscious of passing acquaintances. At the home of Mrs. Reynolds, he rang the bell. "Tell Mrs. Reynolds," he said to the 