Rogue for a Day 3 made a complete investigation after- ward. It is better for you that you didn't enter there. Why you should crawl into a bachelor's apartment, when there are so many pretentious resi- dences where silver and plate are to be found, not to speak of women's jewels, is more than I can fathom. You must be an amateur at this sort of thing. Um! What is this?" On the desk was a sealed letter ad- dressed to Mr. Roger Verbeck, the ad- dress having been stamped with rubber type. In one corner of the envelope had been pasted a tiny black star. On the polished surface of the desk other little black stars had been pasted. There was one, also, on a vase. There was another on the glass door of a bookcase. "The Black Star!" Verbeck ex- claimed. He turned swiftly to scrutinize his prisoner, but there was no expression on the man's face to denote that he showed interest, and he was looking at the floor. Muggs was watching the bound thief closely, but his dancing eyes and parted lips showed that Verbeck's words had interested him deeply. "So! We are honored by a visit from the Black Star, Muggs!" Verbeck said. "Think of that! The cleverest crook the town ever had to worry over--the man who got the famous Smith dia- monds, and cracked a safe across the street from police headquarters, who has lifted half the silver in town, and stripped society women of their jewels --and he has paid us a visit. We must be getting important, Muggs--eh?" "Yes, sir," said Muggs. "Well, well! The man every one is looking for and cannot find, who has been sending naughty notes to the po- lice, telling them how dull they are. I understand he even tips off what he in- tends doing, and then does it under their very noses. Very clever chap- for a crook! Declares all the detectives in the world can't catch him! Um! Suppose we see what is in this letter." He grinned at the prisoner and ripped the envelope open. In it was a single sheet of paper. The letter, too, was printed, and its uneven lines showed that it had been stamped one letter at a time. It was similar in appearance to the letters the newspapers declared the police had received. Verbeck read it swiftly: Mr. Roger Verbeck: Last night at a cer- tain reception people were talking of the Black Star. You made the remark that the Black Star was not a crook, but a gang-- that the police didn't catch him because they had so many cases on which to work that they couldn't give their undivided attention to any particular one. You declared that any clever man who applied himself to the task could capture the Black Star and break up his gang. You boasted that you could do it yourself, and easily. To show you how useless it would be for you to pit your brains and skill against mine, I am putting this letter on your desk while you sleep in an adjoining room, and am leav- ing my sign on some of your belongings. I am even putting a Black Star on your bed within a foot of the spot where you rest your head while you are sleeping. After this exhibition, either admit that the Black Star is clever, or do as you boasted you could do catch me. "Read it, Muggs," said Verbeck, guarding the prisoner himself, as Muggs obeyed. "What do you think of that, eh? Intended us to wake up and find these things stuck all over the place! Trying to show us how very clever he is, this naughty Black Star, and we catch him at it. There'll be joy at police headquarters over this. Now you just keep your eyes on this gentle- man, Muggs, while I get into my clothes, and then we'll continue the en- tertainment." Verbeck hurried to the dressing room, leaving Muggs on guard, and dressed as swiftly as possible. He car- ried a topcoat and cap to a chair near the door of the bedroom, and then he hurried over to the bed. 