Rogue for a Day 27 about this thing-- Boss, I told you I had a hunch." "I"m afraid your hunch isn't working well this time, Muggs. The thing has been accomplished. I'm merely wait- ing here until the police make a move I requested them to make, and then we'll surrender the Black Star. It hasn't been so very much of an adventure, after all, has it, old man? There hasn't been much excitement not what we call ex- citement." , "I'll not be satisfied until the police have their hands on him, boss." "Neither shall I. But nothing is go- ing to happen, Muggs, to bother us. Keep that hunch of yours until another time." Muggs resumed his guard of the pris- oner, and, though he asked Verbeck nothing concerning the plans he had made, there was a question in the ex- pression of his face. Verbeck lighted a cigar for himself, and sat down not far from the Black Star. He looked at his watch. "It is half after ten," he announced. "Mr. Black Star, in exactly an hour and a half the police will take into custody some of your people, eight men and two women, to be exact." "Indeed?" "Exactly," said Verbeck. "Would you mind telling me how this is to be done? I am somewhat in- terested and wholly skeptical." "Last night," said Verbeck. "I as- sumed your robe and mask, and played at being the Black Star. I destroyed the orders you had prepared, counter- manded all of which I learned, and is- sued new orders of my own. There was no hitch in the arrangement. Not one of them became suspicious, as far as I could see." "And the orders?" the Black Star asked, interest showing in his face. "Were the same in each instance," said Verbeck. "The orders make it pos- sible for the police to round up the en- tire gang at one swoop. They'll be kept separate until I turn you over and tell all I know. With those facts upon which to work, the detectives will have no trouble getting confessions. As for you--Muggs and I can swear to enough to convict you, especially after the po- lice have searched that house where you had your headquarters." There was a look of apprehension in the Black Star's face now, but he did not pretend to Verbeck that he was alarmed. "May I ask how you expect to catch these persons?" he asked. "Yes and I'll tell you. There was a flaw in your perfect arrangement. Mr. Black Star. You taught your crooks to work in the dark, and not ask questions. They have faith in you; and if you or- dered one of them to enter the First National Bank at noon and hold up the first teller to the right, he'd perhaps do it, believing that his work was only a part of a big scheme, and that he'd es- cape consequences because of some plan of yours." "True," said the Black Star. "I have issued orders that seemed danger- ous, but were not so when a man knew all the different angles of my plan." "Exactly. And so, when I gave or- ders that seemed dangerous, scarcely an objection was raised. You want to know how they are to be captured, eh? Here is a copy of the orders I gave each, Mr. Black Star. Listen to it!" Verbeck pulled a sheet of paper from his pocket, and read : You will dress as well as possible even- ing clothes if you can--and attend the Char- ity Ball. I give you herewith money tor ticket and other expenses. You will mingle with the crowd on the dance floor, and, working alone, lift all the jewels you can. Be careful of discovery, but do not fear the outcome. Between ten o'clock and midnight will be the best time for you to do your work. Exactly at midnight you will be in the southwest corner of the lobby, where there is a drinking fountain. Before going there, 