82 Detective Story Magazine dwelling with the select, and posing as a blueblood. I'll soon find out. I'll mighty soon find out." Glidden did not, however, let his eagerness pitch him over the traces. He hastened in disguise to the Hotel Waldron, where he cornered the man- ager. with whom he was very well ac- quainted, in his private office. "I want a little information, Shel- don," he said, after revealing his iden- tity. "But mum's the word! Don't you by hint, look, or sign reveal what passes between us. You know what that means. You know what it means, Sheldon, coming from me." Sheldon smiled and bowed. "You have said enough, Glidden, along that line," he replied. "I'll for- get that you have been here. What do you want to know?" "All you can tell me about Hamilton Fisk." "That will be all to the good," said Sheldon. "He has been one of my guests for three years. He is a thor- oughbred gentleman, a bachelor, a man of means, and a mighty fine fellow." "Any business?" "None, beyond an occasional venture in stocks. Fisk don't need a business. He has money enough. He employs a valet, and lives like a gentleman. And that's what he is, too, Glidden, you can bank on that." "Do you know where he came from, or any more about him?" "Only along the same lines." "Are his habits good?" "Exemplary. For a man residing in New York, he really leads th simple life. I don t know why you ask these questions, nor care. Take it from me, however, you'll not get anything on Hamilton Fisk. He could have my bank roll for the asking." "That s all, then." Glidden arose abruptly. "Forget it!" "I have pledged myself to that effect." It was not quite all, however, for Glidden lingered in the hotel office un- til he got a look at the suspected man. But he could detect no convincing re- semblance to the crook he repeatedly had encountered, yet who had not looked twice alike; and he then left the Hotel Waldron, with his ardor some- what chilled--while Mr. Richard Ra- venswood, entirely unconscious of this ominous interest in him, was saunter- ing into the dining room to lunch. Detective Glidden did not drop the matter. Not for a moment did he con- template doing so. He returned to headquarters, where he cornered and confided in Jack Armstrong, his invari- able choice as an assistant in serious cases. "By Jove, the girl may be right!" said Armstrong hopefully. "She saw more of that rascal than we ever saw, all put together. Nevertheless, Joe, it seems too good to be true. How can we cinch it? Would a grilling--" "Grilling be hanged!" Glidden blurted. "That gink, if he's the man, would end with grilling us. He's much too slick to have left himself open. What have we ever found that would serve to identify him? Never a fin- ger print; never so much as a hair that we could prove came from his own head." "There's no denying that, Joe." He's the limit, Armstrong," Glid- den continued, snarling. "He can't be downed with a bluff. He has put it all over people at the Waldron, if this Fisk is the man, and he stands ace-high in all quarters. No crimes have been committed in the Waldron. He's too slick to have brought us buzzing so near his ears. He knows enough to have got in his work outside. No, no. Jack, there wouldn't be anything in a grill- ing. There's only one way to corner that rat and beat out his devilish brains." "What way is that?" 