20 Detective Story Magazine died two years before, leaving an es- tate much smaller than was anticipated. His widow had built a modern apart- ment house, and from it derived an in- come, the Wendells living in one of the apartments on the first floor. Yet they had enough to maintain their position in society, and this was an important position, for the Wendells were an old pioneer family, noted for piety and pride. "You are looking tired," Verbeck ob- served. "You're not very complimentary, Roger. Perhaps I am a bit tired, though." "Too much Charity Ball?" he asked. "I am not worrying much about that. I intend going, of course." "I should hope so," Verbeck said. "Would it disappoint you very much if I said I'd rather not?" "Nothing you can do will disappoint me," he said loyally; "but I cannot im- agine a Charity Ball without you in at- tendance. Are you thinking of re- maining away?" She was looking ahead, and Verbeck imagined that her lips quivered for an instant. "Is anything the matter?" he asked. "You don't seem to be yourself to-day." "I--oh, it is nothing, Roger! Per- haps I am a bit nervous. Let us talk of something else. Here we are at home. You'll come in, of course?" He followed her inside, and greeted her mother, who immediately left them alone. "Now," Verbeck said, bending to- ward her, "tell me what is troubling you. I can see that there is some- thing." "Really, it is nothing, Roger. Per- haps I am a bit out of sorts. And- what I said about the ball--forget that, please." "But. if you do not wish to go--" he said. "Can't we decide it to-morrow after- noon, dear? All right--let us leave it until then. Perhaps I'll be feeling better." "And there is no trouble--nothing I can do to help?" he persisted. "Foolish boy! I m just--just tired." "Then I'm going to run right away and let you rest. I'd ought to be down- town, anyway. I'll telephone the garage for my car." He went to the telephone and sent in his call, then returned to sit beside her. She was trying hard to smile and act naturally, but Verbeck knew something was troubling her. But he imagined it might be something connected with the family finance, and so did not press her for an answer. The car came from the garage, and Verbeck left, and drove through the streets in a way that delied all traffic ordinances. He had failed to identify the crook who had received orders to speak with Miss Freda Brakeland. And something was troubling his fiancée, and Faustina had refused to confide in him. It had been an unprofitable afternoon. And there was a busy and dangerous night before him. CHAPTER VII. IDENTICAL ORDERS. EIGHT o'clock that night found Roger Verbeck in the Black Star's headquarters, the room put in order, and the candles burning. He was sit- ting at the end of the long table, in robe and mask, and with the little rub- ber stamps he was busy writing out or- ders. All the orders were identical; the ones previously written by the Black Star had been destroyed. Promptly at nine o'clock, the little bell on the wall tinkled, and Verbeck, shutting the drawer in the table and holding his automatic in readiness be- neath his robe, went to the wall and pressed the button that opened the door. He hurried from the room, and waited. 