Rogue for a Day 9 to pass--the master criminal did not remove the mask from his face. Another adventure appealed to Ver- beck now. He decided to face the Black Star in his den. He confided his intention to Muggs in whispers and gave his orders, and, disregarding Muggs mouthings concerning his "hunch," slipped across the room to the window and let himself out. He found the robe in the box and quickly put it on, then adjusted the black mask. Beneath the robe, his hand clutched the butt of his automatic. Searching the edge of the casement, he found a push button and touched it with his finger. Inside, a bell tinkled. A few seconds passed, and then there was a sharp click and the door flew open. Verbeck entered and closed the door after him. Before him was a long corridor, musty, the air in it rank, dust on walls and ceiling. It appeared that the entire house had not been renovated, only the one room. Verbeck slipped along the corridor to where a streak of light entered it, in- dicating a door. Holding the pistol ready beneath his robe, he opened the door and stepped into the room and stood beside the blackboard as the other man had done. The Black Star was not there. The seconds seemed hours as he waited, trying to keep his eyes away from the door behind which he knew Muggs was watching him, his ears strained to catch the first sound of the master criminal's approach. Then the other door opened, and the Black Star appeared and walked to his station on the other side of the room. He nodded his head, and Verbeck picked up chalk and eraser and turned to the black- board. He was playing a dangerous game, and did not know how soon he would be detected. He felt small fear, for Muggs was waiting to help him, and he had heard nothing, seen nothing to in- dicate that the Black Star had allies in the house. "Number Four," Verbeck wrote on the board. "Countersign?" "Florida," wrote Verbeck. He turned to find the Black Star's eyes glittering straight into his. The flaming rubies on the hood seemed to be dancing in derision. Verbeck won- dered whether he had made a mistake, and he soon found out, for the Black Star turned to the blackboard and wrote rapidly: "Number Four is a woman, and Florida is not her countersign." And then he faced Verbeck again. The crisis had arrived sooner than Verbeck had expected. The Black Star knew him for an intruder, and knew, also, that he must have observed a great deal to be able to don robe and mask and start the blackboard con- versation. The master criminal could be expected to act with dispatch. Before the Black Star could make a move, Verbeck's robe parted and his left hand emerged, holding the pistol ready for instant action. with his other hand he waved toward the arm- chair, and then he spoke: "Sit down! And put your hands flat on the table!" His eyes still glittering into Ver- beck's, the criminal obeyed. Standing at the end of the table, Verbeck con- fronted him, scarcely knowing what step to take next. The man before him did not speak, but those glittering eyes --burning, malevolent, ominous-- seemed to cry out with surprise, hatred, and threats. "So you are the Black Star?" Ver- beck said. "Quite a comedy you play here, eh? Masks hide faces and black- boards take the place of spoken words. A very clever crook--you. But I said a clever man could find you, and I say it again. This is the best proof of it, isn't it? You challenged me--and I 