4 Detective Story Magazine The Black Star had done as he had said. On the head of the bed was one of the little signs, and whoever had placed it there had put his hand within six inches of Verbeck's head. The man in the other room, Verbeck decided, had done that first, then gone into the library to finish his work. Verbeck hurried back and relieved Muggs. "Go and get into your clothes," he ordered, "and then hurry back here. I'll try to entertain our guest while you are gone." He drew up a chair and sat down, facing the prisoner, and less than six feet away. He was humming a tune, and there was a smile playing about his lips. Had the prisoner been well ac- quainted with Roger Verbeck, that smile would have put him on guard. Verbeck already had formed a plan. He and Muggs understood each other well, thanks to sundry adventures in which they had participated in the four corners of the earth, and he knew that Muggs, even now, was reading the note he had scrawled hurriedly and left on the dressing table, and would act ac- cordingly. "The Black Star--well, well!" he exclaimed, grinning at his prisoner again. "And so you are the clever crook?" "I'm not saying anything!" "You decorated the head of my bed with that thing, I suppose?" "You can suppose all you like." "Thanks! Rather surly, aren't you?" "You hand me over to the police, and you'll get yours!" said the prisoner. "Are you, by any chance, trying to frighten me?" "I'm giving you fair warning. You hand me over, and you won't live long to gloat about it!" Roger Verbeck grinned again, and re- sumed his humming. His eyes never left the prisoner, but he was thinking deeply. In the first place, the letter from the Black Star bothered him. The remarks that the Black Star accused him of making, he had made. But the puzzling part of it was that he had made them to half a dozen friends, when there was no stranger near. He had spoken them in a drawing--room, in the presence of Faustina Wendell, his fiancee; Howard Wendell, her brother, and some others concerning whose in- tegrity there was no question. How, then, had the Black Star heard of them? The Black Star had terrorized the city for the past four months. When- ever a master crime was committed, a tiny black star had been found pasted on something at the scene of operations. The police had been unable to get a clew. Each crime seemed bolder and more daring than the one before, and more highly successful. The Black Star sent taunting letters to the news- papers and police, and the public de- manded his arrest and imprisonment with loud voice. His crimes, too, showed a deep knowledge of private matters. It ap- peared that the Black Star knew the in- terior arrangements of residences he robbed. Sometimes he even knew the combinations of safes--for in two in- stances a safe had been opened and looted, and then properly closed again, but with a tiny black star inside it. He was aware when valuable jewels were taken from safe-deposit boxes to be worn at some affair; he knew when members of families were out of the city, or servants absent. He had shown in a thousand ways that he possessed knowledge of great value to a criminal. Rober Verbeck's boast had not been an idle one. He believed sincerely that no crook could be so clever but what some honest man could match wits with him and win. He believed, too, that the Black Star did not work alone, but was the leader of a band. Not for an in- stant did Verbeck think the man he 