Death in Life 73 A heap of old sacking occupied one corner of the shed, and Whitehead drew on this to supply materials for a primi- tive bed, which he made close beside where Chick lay. After heaping more of the sacks to form a pillow, he began laboriously rolling the victim's body over. Chick was not a lightweight at any time, and now he was a dead weight, which taxed the consumptive's small store of strength to the utmost. Whitehead did not ask for assistance, however, and Wilbur Leigh did not choose to offer, but stood idly by during the whole proceeding. "Very touching!" he commented, as his former friend rose unsteadily to his feet. "Can you be persuaded to tear yourself away now?" Whitehead did not reply, but fol- lowed him out. As the shed was left behind, the con- sumptive once more recalled the words of Leigh's promise in regard to Chick. He had an uncomfortable feeling that he ought not to have accepted it, and he was right. It had been too glibly given, and too cleverly worded to be relied upon, but unfortunately White- head could find no definite flaw in it. As a matter of fact, in his heart of hearts, Wilbur Leigh had already sen- tenced Chick, and was only awaiting further developments before carrying out the sentence. And the sentence was death. CHAPTER XXV. A WOMAN'S HAND. AT ten o'clock, on the morning fol- lowing Mrs. Fuller Templeton's unique but ill-starred lawn party, Nick Carter was seated in the consulting room of his home on Madison Avenue. There wras a characteristically thoughtful expression on the clean- shaven face, and the keen eyes were more than a little troubled. Thus far, things had not gone well with the famous detective. Neither he nor his assistants who were available had been able to pick up the trail which good luck had enabled the missing Chick to follow. Repeated inquiries of the most thoroughgoing sort had re- sulted in nothing worth mentioning, and, worse than that, Chick himself was still among the missing. Nick had long since come to the con- clusion that his best-known assistant had stumbled upon something of pro- fessional interest, and had left the scene of the affair to make an investigation. The chances were, of course, that his absence was in connection with the dis- appearance of the ambulance and its precious contents, and that in itself of- fered some encouragement. On the other hand, Chick's failure to reappear was decidedly otherwise. To be sure, there was a possibility that the trail he had followed had been a long one, which had led him out of the city, and perhaps into some other State, but that gave Nick little comfort. He knew the explanation was an im- probable one, for, however hurried his assistant's journey might have been, Chick ought to have found some means of communication long before that. No, it looked very much as if the young detective had fallen into the hands of those who were responsible for the unusually daring crime, and, al- though similar conditions had prevailed many times before, they were always full of the gravest possibilities. A knock at the door of the consulting room roused Nick from his unpleasant musings. It was Joseph, his butler, who entered, with a card on his tray. "The gentleman says he has an ap- pointment, Mr. Carter," he said, pre- senting the tray. The card was that of Fuller Temple- ton, and Nick directed that the million- aire be shown up. Templeton's round, usually ruddy 