36 Detective Story Magazine I can see them in the hall through the keyhole." "This side of the house is dark, boss, shaded by trees. And there is a drift of snow against it. We might get out without being heard or seen." "Try it!," ordered Verbeck grimly. Muggs went first, like a shadow, and soon was standing beneath the window in the deep darkness close to the wall. Verbeck followed, almost afraid to breathe, expecting every second to hear the challenge of a policeman, and to be taken. But finally he, too, stood in the shadows against the side of the house. "One man," Muggs whispered. "See him? We've got to hurry--those cops in the house will be through searching soon. You wait here, boss." Muggs slipped away beneath the trees; Verbeck could scarcely see him. Nearer and nearer he got to the unsus- pecting policeman, who was watching the group in front of the door. Then Muggs sprang, and the policeman went down. It had been done without noise, with a single blow, but not effectually enough to render the officer uncon- scious for long. Verbeck hurried across and joined Muggs; each took a deep breath, and then, just as the man on the ground raised a cry, they darted out into the open, racing for the hedge. Behind them was a chorus of cries, a fusillade of shots. They got to the other side of the hedge and ran wildly for the street. Behind them came the determined pursuit, a captain shouting orders. As they ran, Verbeck found himself wondering at the queerness of it--that he and Muggs had been forced to attack a guardian of the law in the interests of justice. Verbeck promised himself to make that policeman a hand- some present when things were straightened out. More shots whistled near them--the police were through the hedge now. On and on they ran, Verbeck slightly in the lead. They saw a police auto standing in the street near them, another at the other end of the block. And Verbeck's roadster was a block away! They were in the street now. run- ning at their utmost speed. Behind them came the pursuing policemen, while others rushed toward the automo- biles, intending to take up the pursuit in that manner if the quarry got away. Nearer and nearer they came to the roadster. When they reached it, Muggs sprang to the wheel. Verbeck threw himself in beside Muggs. "Shoot at 'em a couple of times, boss, and slow em up," Muggs said. "That's going too far. Get up on the boulevard!" The car started. Another fusillade of shots came, none taking effect. The machine skidded around the comer and dashed at the hill. It lurched and swayed over the soft, snow-covered ground. Behind came the two police automobiles, their sirens shrieking. Muggs reached the boulevard, and opened her up. He had no idea except to shake off pursuit. Verbeck glanced at his watch as they passed beneath a light--it was twenty minutes after eleven. Events had been occurring rapidly in the last half hour. And he was working under a close time limit, too. He had to escape the pursuit, and he had to reach the big hall before mid- night to save Faustina Wendell and her brother. Verbeck looked back continually-- they did not seem to be gaining. The streets flashed by. Muggs narrowly evaded collision a score of times, for he was taking desperate chances. To escape, and to save Faustina, and all in forty minutes of time--that was task enough. Added to the mental strain of this was the fact that the Black Star had escaped, and that Verbeck's case would fall down in part because of it. Yet some of the work would be good, for the band would be broken up par- 