54 Detective Story Magazine New York that passed through Bender at midnight. And not a light showed in the village when the landlord himself shouldered my bag and led the way to the dock. A boat from the cutter awaited me, and in ten minutes I was once again on board. It is needless to detail the incidents that intervened before I was quietly smuggled onto the La Parisienne. Suf- ficient to say that it was accomplished without a hitch. As George Sanders, I was already on the ship's list of pas- sengers. I had nothing to do but take possession of the stateroom that had been reserved for me, and, while the steward was curious, even he asked no questions. The outfit Humphrey Steene had pro- vided went on board with me, so that I was ready when the vessel docked in the Hudson at three o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, to assume a new individuality--that of George Sanders, English artist, lately resident in Paris, come to New York for rest. As I had always been a dub at drawing, I made up my mind that my "rest" would be complete. I put up at the Giltmere Hotel, and waited till next day before calling on Bob Brittain with the letter of intro- duction from Jean de Frenez, which had been handed to me by the captain before I left La Parisienne. Bob had rooms in an apartment hotel in Wash- ington Square, and thither I went in a taxi, arriving at eleven o'clock in the morning. Bob Brittain had changed greatly in the few weeks I had been away. He looked worn, and had lost flesh. The sight of him banished any lingering sus- picion I might have had that he was concerned in the murder of his uncle or the disappearance of his cousin. I think if I had been a real Mr. Sanders I would have perceived that my throw- ing myself on his hospitality was in- opportune, but he did his best to make me feel welcome. He asked me to stay to lunch, and promised to introduce me at his club--which was also my own-- that evening. After that first meeting, I think he took a genuine liking to Mr. Sanders. So far as the search for Mildred went, he had come to the end of his resources, and without results. I think he wel- comed having me to entertain. It made him forget his troubles, or helped to do so. My first idea had been to take Bob Brittain into my confidence, but I found to my surprise that Fielding had left the Brittain residence in Fifth Avenue and entered my chum's service. The first time I went to Bob's apartment, I thought the butler regarded me sus- piciously, as some one whom he surely had seen before, but could not quite place. But when I saw that my dis- guise, coupled with my English ac- cent--American vaudeville version-- deceived the man who had been an in- timate for years, I thought I could keep Fielding guessing for a time. For three days I allowed myself to idle, and every day I gained new con- fidence in my disguise and histrionic abilities. I permitted Bob Brittain to introduce me among his social friends, many of whom were actually my own patients. Not once was I suspected of being anything but what I represented myself to be. Men were relieved to find me a "likable sort of fellow for an Englishman, and handy with racket or cue." With women, I talked insipid twaddle about cubism and what not, and consequently was considered "intellec- tual." More than once fair patients--of Doctor Bernard--told me, with charm- ingly puckered brow's, that I reminded them so much of some one, but they couldn't say just whom--for which I was duly thankful. When I had been four days in New York, I decided that I must see Hum- 