30 Detective Story Magazine had ordered it some days before. She was brought into the organization through her love for another, a mem- ber of her family. So she'll be caught, too, eh? And do you know her identity, Roger Verbeck? Do you know the woman you are handing over to the po- lice, through meddling with my affairs? I'll tell you--gladly: She is Miss Faus- tina Wendell--your fiancée!" CHAPTER X. CAUGHT IN A NET. SILENCE followed the announcement of the Black Star--silence for a moment, during which Muggs watched his master, and waited for the sign that he was to choke the man on the divan into insensibility for daring to say such a thing. But the sign was not given. Suddenly Roger Verbeck felt sick at heart. The Black Star's tone, his bear- ing, the expression in his face told that he spoke the truth. And Verbeck knew enough to confirm it. Faustina had been acting in a peculiar manner. And that second woman who had called on him in the Black Star's headquarters-- how timid she had appeared, how afraid! She had reeled when she read her orders. She had demanded to know where Verbeck got the ring he was wearing. And that very afternoon, when he met her at her home--her words had been mysterious, her actions out of the ordinary. "So you see how it is," the Black Star was saying. "Do you want to save her, save her brother, also? Then re- lease me, and I'll help for I must save those friends of mine. I'm as much in the dark regarding them as you, for I've never seen any of their faces, remem- ber. You realize what will happen if they are caught, don't you? There could be no escape from the peniten- tiary for any of them. And there are things to be found in my headquarters --notes in Faustina Wendell's hand- writing, for instance, notes giving in- formation--" He stopped, at the look that came into Verbeck s face. "And you think I'll let you go now?" Verbeck demanded. "Why, I'll fight you more than ever now! You've made a cat's-paw of that boy; you've dragged the sweetest and most innocent girl in the world into your filthy scheme--" "The prosecuting attorney won't consider her innocent when he reads those notes." "You'd have me let you go then you'd try to drag me into the mess to save my intended wife! And, through me, others and so on! It's fight you and beat you now, else surrender to you like a coward, and let you go ahead with your nefarious plans. I'll take the chance, Mr. Black Star!" Verbeck looked at his watch; it was a quarter of eleven. He whirled to face Muggs. "Guard this crook!" he cried. "Guard him well? Shoot him if he tries to escape!" "What are you going to do, boss?" "I'm going to play the game out to the end. I'm going to the ball and save Faustina Wendell and her brother-- and I'm going to see that the police get the others, and then this man here. That's all I have to do--get Faustina and Howard away in time. This crook's clever scheme has another an- gle nobody can swear the Wendells are mixed up in this. That's what I have to do--separate the crooks from the innocent victims. Watch that man!" Muggs screeched at him. The Black Star tried to tell him something. But Roger Verbeck had dashed from the house and toward his machine. He was almost sobbing, and fear gripped at his heart. The chickens had come home to roost! No wonder Faustina had acted so peculiarly, small wonder she had shown anxiety! And she was in dan- ger. He had ordered her to steal-- 