The Red Raven Stories 83 "Watch him!" snapped Glidden. "Keep him in the dark, and watch him. Watch that infernal valet, too, who may be more a pal than a servant." "As like as not, Joe." "Here's another point," Glidden added. "It's several months since these red rascals got in their work. They have been fattening on birds and bot- tles, no doubt, from the fruits of that Newport job. But that must be nearly blown in by this time." "Surely." "It's money to marbles, then, that they have another job shaped up by this time. An espionage will not be of long duration. Now is the time to get them red-handed, Armstrong, if Violet van Hook is right. We then will have got them, by thunder, only with the help of a woman, a veritable fluke, as far as we are concerned." Armstrong laughed, but Glidden was in no laughing mood. Repeated fail- ures in his relentless pursuit of Ravens- wood had nettled him to his depths. "That's what we'll do," he said bluntly. "We'll begin a systematic es- pionage. You watch the valet. I'll look after the master, this Fisk, or whatever his name really is. I'll find out. You can bet that I'll find out, Armstrong, sooner or later! We'll be- gin our work at once." All this occurred on a Thursday. II. Still oblivious to the threatening in- terest he had aroused, Mr. Richard Ravenswood entered the quarters of the Stability Trust Company at pre- cisely noon the following Saturday, the hour for closing business for the week. He carried a strong leather satchel of medium size in one hand, and ap- proached the window of the receiving teller. A bearded man followed him in from the street, and from the corridor cau- tiously watched him through the oval glass in one of the swinging doors-- Detective Glidden. "Ah, Fisk, how are you?" Raymond gazed out and greeted him cordially. "Glad to see you. You are some stranger." "Ditto." Ravenswood laughed. It was their first meeting since Thursday. "You know where I hang out. Why haven't you called?" "Very busy. I may drop round this evening." "Do so. We'll knock out a few games of billiards. I enjoy playing with you, Raymond. I would be a greater stranger, however, bar calling to ask a favor of you." "Consider it granted." Raymond said quickly. "What can I do for you?" "I have just converted some securi- ties into Pacific bonds." Ravenswood held up the satchel. "There was a de- lay in delivering them, and I have not time to go to the deposit vault to put them in my drawer before closing. Short day this, you know. I wish you would set the satchel in your vault over Sunday. It will be safer than at the Waldron." "Why, certainly," Raymond ex- claimed, opening his lattice window to receive it. "Very glad to do so for you. It is locked, of course?" "Yes. If you wish to inspect its contents, however, I will--" "Nonsense! Don't reach for the key. I will place it in our bond drawer. By the way, though, you cannot get it be- fore ten o'clock Monday morning. Our vault will be closed in a few minutes, and the time lock is set for ten on Monday. The devil himself could not open it before then. "That will suit me admirably." Ravenswood smiled and nodded. "I intend turning part of them into Steel, if the market opens weak on Monday. I will be here at ten o'clock." "Good enough! That settles it." 