Death in Life 77 He paused, and a rather grim smile played about his lips. "We've had ample proof of that," he added. "Den vy should Mrs. Templeton --" Schilling began, then stopped ab- ruptly with a confused look. "Mrs. Templeton?" Nick echoed. "Does she know that you supplied two bodies?" The German hesitated. "She ought to," he said presently. "It vos at her orders." Carter saw that Schilling was trying to cover his slip, and it did not seem to be worth while to attempt to corner the man just then. The detective had learned quite enough for his present purpose, and there would be little trou- ble in pinning Schilling down later on, if necessary. "Mrs. Templeton has either been there, or has communicated with Schil- ling," Carter told himself, after he had left the place. There was a suggestion of a frown on the detective's face, for Mrs. Tem- pleton's movements were causing him more and more concern. "It certainly looks as if she were try- ing to shield some one," ran Nick's thoughts. "There's little or no doubt that her intentions are good, but it doesn't help matters very much. It only makes the situation ten times more dif- ficult." He hurried back to Madison Avenue, found there was no news of Chick, and then set out again immediately. He had decided to call on Mrs. Templeton, and see if he could learn anything more from her behavior. CHAPTER XXVII. CROSS PURPOSES. WHEN Nick Carter was ushered into the morning room, he found Mrs. Templeton and Ruth Vance already there. The detective glanced keenly at his hostess as he approached, and, in spite of his suspicions, was shocked to see the change in her. That, and the de- jected manner in which she greeted him, indicated that she was afraid of some- thing, and it seemed to Carter as though her fear had chiefly to do with him. The younger woman also seemed to share her friend's agitation in a minor degree, and Nick felt the quick restraint that fell on the two at his advent. "We were talking about that unfor- tunate affair as you came in, Mr. Car- ter," Mrs. Templeton said, in a hur- ried tone. "I suppose my husband called on you this morning?" Her eves were bright and feverish as they looked up at the detective, and he heard her catch her breath as she waited for his reply. "Yes, he dropped in." "And and did he tell you what we've decided to do?" "He suggested something, but I didn't understand that you had come to any fixed decision." "Oh, yes, we had," Mrs. Templeton said positively. "We--we didn't want the publicity, Mr. Carter, and Fuller and I have agreed to donate thirty thou- sand dollars to the relief fund. We think that will easily cover the loss." "I haven't a doubt of it," Nick re- marked meaningly. "But it would also cover something else--too much else." For a moment the beautiful woman looked positively ghastly. "What--what do you mean?" Nick was sorry he had put it in just that way. "Simply that it would leave the whole thing in the air, Mrs. Templeton," he explained. "And would really be an encouragement to crime. Templeton told me about it, but I think I've per- suaded him not to go on with it." Fear gave place to something like an- ger in Winifred Templeton's hazel eyes. "You persuaded him not to go on 