42 Detective Story Magazine But let me say that, despite these considerations, I could not believe him guilty. Humphrey Steene had sug- gested a connection between these dra- matic happenings and the fact that Bob Brittain was his cousin's heir. I wished now that I had forced him to be ex- plicit. He had bidden me to learn if Bob Brittain was connected with the Order of the White Bear. Here he was, wearing an insignia that pro- claimed him at least a "Cub." I was tempted there and then to question him regarding the order, but refrained. Instead, I feigned astonishment, and allowed him to see something of my very real anxiety. "Sit down, Bob," I invited. "I'll mix you something, for you surely need a bracer." He sank limply into a chair. "All right, Tom; but tell me what to do. I can scarcely think." I handed him a stiff brandy and soda. "Drink that," I said, and he obeyed. "Now tell me, what have you done?" I asked. "I've been to the police, and they promised to send out a confidential alarm if--" "If what?" "They seemed to think I was crazy. Wanted to know how I knew if my cousin had been kidnaped. She might have gone to friends, and more than likely I'd hear from her in a day or two." "Might they not be right?" He stared at me blankly; then his face cleared slightly. "I forgot. I thought I had given you--this." He pulled a soiled envelope from his pocket and handed it to me. I saw at a glance that it had been addressed in pencil by Mildred Brittain. "A man brought it--an Italian, I think. He left it at the club. Said he'd picked it up in West Fourth Street I didn't show it to the police. You'll see why if you'll read it." I took a note from the envelope and read: Oh, Bob, I am in terrible trouble. Had a raging headache and went walking in the park. I was about to cross the driveway when an automobile drew up suddenly in front of me, and before I could cry out, I was hustled into it by two men who stepped out from some bushes. I don't know where they are going to take me, but I am terribly frightened. From what I have overheard, it will be useless to go to the police. Take this to Doctor Tom and get his advice. I shall try to throw it into the street, in the hope that it may reach you. Good-by. Milly. Bob Brittain's handsome face was turned eagerly to mine. I recalled that even as a boy, selfish and headstrong, he had always looked to me for help and advice, when he found himself in deep water. But this time I felt almost as helpless as he. Instead of running directly across the city from the vicinity of the East River to the Hudson, as most of the num- bered streets do, West Fourth Street has a way of popping up suddenly at unexpected comers. You find one end of it as far uptown as West Thirteenth --or almost. The letter might have been picked up anywhere along its tor- tuous length: and we had small chance of tracing the man--probably "an Ital- ian"--who had brought it to the club and left it with a clerk. The very trust Mildred had seemed to place in me, in bidding her cousin come to me, wrung my heart. I knew not what to do--unless it was to trust to the vague promise of Humphrey Steene, who had confessed that, in pur- suit of the great task he had under- taken, he was liable to lose sight of the individual. But I had promised to work with him, and I would do nothing likely to endanger his plans. It was useless to go to him now, for already he knew almost as much as I did--if not more. 