Death in Life 75 once before. Why was Mrs. Temple- ton apparently so anxious to shield the rascals who had played the trick? "I'm afraid that would not be wise. It is unnecessary, for one tiling, and it also practically amounts to compound- ing a felony, you know. We must not forget that these men are scoundrels, and that they have been guilty of a crime." "That's exactly what I said to my wife." Templeton replied. "But you can't imagine how she feels, Carter. The whole idea, in the main, was hers, and she naturally looks upon herself as responsible for the way in which it was carried out. The publicity, you--" Carter leaned forward. "I seldom attempt to advise a hus- band where his wife is concerned," he said slowly; "but in this case, I can't help feeling that such a course would be very unfortunate in more ways than one." The caller gave a short laugh. Of course, I don't want to throw away any such sum of money," he ad- mitted. "And I hope you'll do your best to find the thieves. The only thing I really set my foot down on is the pro- posal to turn the matter over to the police and the reporters. That's very objectionable, and, besides, I feel that you can do more than anybody else I haven't ceased to congratulate myself on your presence there yesterday." He slipped his hand into his pocket and brought out a little memorandum book, which he opened, turning the pages swiftly. "By the way," he said, "I've brought you the information you asked for." CHAPTER XXVI. THE BLIND SIGNATURE. I WAS just going to ask you about that," Nick said. "The fact that I haven't had any light on two or three points has delayed me." Fuller Templeton excused himself on the score of excitement. "Everything has been topsy-turvy," he said. "I forgot about it for a time, and then my wife seemed too much disturbed to put her mind to it. I can tell you now, though, that the firm which supplied us with the little ambu- lance is that of Ambridge &amp; Schilling, cabinetmakers on Fourth Avenue, near Twenty-sixth Street. It's only a small concern." "You haven't communicated with them in any way, I hope, since the rob- bery?" "Oh, no! As a matter of fact, I didn't even know who they were until I asked my wife this morning." "I see." Templeton glanced at the list again. "You also asked me to find out who did the covering. It was Luigi's." The detective did not feel it neces- sary to jot down the names, and a few moments later, the millionaire rose to his feet. A few minutes after Templeton had left the house, Nick also emerged and turned in the direction of Fourth Ave- nue. It was only a short distance he had to go, and consequently he did not order the car. He found the obscure firm of cabinet- makers without difficulty, and, after he had stated his business to the clerk, a stout, well-fed-looking man in his shirt sleeves came out of the workshop and approached him. "Here's Mr. Schilling now," the clerk announced. "Vot can I do for you, sir?" came the question. "I've called in connection with a cer- tain order that you executed for Mrs. Fuller Templeton, of Fifth Avenue," Carter explained. It was a miniature Red Cross ambulance." The German looked surprised. "Dot ambulance again" he ejaculated. 