70 Detective Story Magazine a crack on the head as he mounted the ladder. Seeing this hesitation, and guessing the cause of it, Leigh clenched his fists and started for the chauffeur, his body bent forward suggestively. "Go, I tell you!" he said, as if he snarled the words. That was enough for Oliver. There was a certainty of punishment if he remained below, and only a chance of it if he obeyed orders. Accordingly, he reached the foot of the ladder with a bound, and shinned up it until his head was above the level of the loft floor. "There's no one here," he said, after flashing his light about. "Are you sure?" "Yes, sir." At that moment a peculiar knock sounded on one of the double doors of the shed, which were still fastened. The sound brought Leigh round like a flash. "That ought to be Whitehead," he mumbled; "but I must make sure." He crept forward and applied his eyes to the narrow crack between the door. "All right, Whitehead," he said pres- ently, with a breath of relief. "Come in. Why in thunder didn't you do it, anyway? The door is locked on your side, isn't it?" The key grated in the padlock, and soon the double doors swung outward to admit Walter Whitehead. "Yes," he answered; "but I heard voices, and thought I'd find out whether you were here or somebody else. I suppose that sounds cowardly, but I don't care. I'm not as strong as I used to be. In fact, I'm about all in as a result of this experience, and I didn't care to blunder into an ambush if I could help it." There was a sneer on Wilbur Leigh's face. "So you were prepared to save your own skin, were you, even if somebody walked off with the proceeds of this venture?" "That's the size of it," Whitehead admitted. "I didn't exactly go into this thing of my own choice, remember, and I've already done far more this after- noon than I could reasonably be ex- pected to do. That lets me--" He had stepped into the shed and closed the door behind him. Now, as the chauffeur's flash played over the form on the floor, the latest arrival saw it for the first time. "Good heavens!" he gasped. "Who's that?" Leigh's face was a study of remorse- less anger. "That is some one who'll have to pay dearly for his temerity. I've never had any dealings with him or his chief be- fore, but that doesn't matter. Once is enough--too much, in fact. There must be no second time." After that he did not need to give his enforced accomplice the name of the victim, for Nick's assistant was known by sight to the consumptive, and the latter recognized him as soon as a sec- ond glance was taken. "This is--serious," Whitehead said gravely, as he looked up. "You may well call it so," was the answer. In a few curt words, the dramatist described the discovery he had made, and meanwhile the chauffeur returned to the loft. As Leigh concluded his explanation, Oliver descended the lad- der with a length of rope over his shoulder. "I caught a glimpse of this when I was up there before," the chauffeur said, "but I was interrupted before I could get it." He then proceeded to tell where he had found the rope, and what it seemed to imply. "Yes, that's probably it," his em- 