The Crime Destroyer 49 moon nor stars showed. Here and there the lights of vessels were in view. He pointed in the direction of the Massa- chusetts shore, where a rocket had gone skyward. Then there came a hail from over the starboard bow, answered from the bridge by the officer of the watch. The engines ceased their throbbing, and the giant liner slowed down. "Come along, doctor." I followed the captain to the boat deck, and to the starboard rail. "Over with you, doctor! Good-by, and good luck!" I looked over the side, and perceived a shadowy object that might have been a boat riding alongside. My groping hands found the upper end of a rope ladder, and, taking my courage between my teeth, I climbed over the rail. With a muttered "Good night, captain, and thanks!" I cautiously descended. Presently a strong hand grasped my arm and steadied me while I found a footing in the crazily bobbing boat. "Ye'll find a seat in the starn," a gruff voice told me, and by good luck I chose the right direction first off. There were more mumbled good nights from the rail, now far above me. The man who had helped me aboard pushed off, and shipped the single pair of oars. Already the ship's engines had renewed their throbbing as the vessel proceeded on its way, leaving me in a dancing craft that seemed to me peril- ously small for the sort of work re- quired of it. In about fifteen minutes, we were on board the vessel that had sent up the rocket. This proved to be a govern- ment cutter, as I had been led to ex- pect, and she promptly turned about and raced for land. The officers were silent to the point of taciturnity, and I found my welcome rather chilly. One of the men, how- ever, motioned me to follow him, and led me into a small but comfortable sa- loon. A strongly built man rose from the table to greet me: "Well, here you are, doctor! How did you like your night's adventure?" Coming from the darkness into bril- liant electric light, I had not immedi- ately recognized him; but there was no mistaking his voice. With the feeling that an immense load of responsibility had been lifted from my shoulders, I grasped the outstretched hand of Hum- phrey Steene. CHAPTER XIII. A NEW ALIAS. I SUPPOSE you feel you have earned the right to turn in and go to sleep, doctor," said Steene. "You have; but I must get back to New York in the morning, so we must discuss your plans." "I think you should be fairly com- fortable on hoard here." My eyebrows went up in questioning surprise. "There's no part of these United States where you are safe from the spies of the White Bear,' he explained. "While you have been reprieved, be- cause your departure for Europe seemed to suggest that, after all, you do not suspect that John Brittain was mur- dered, if you should be recognized any- where on this side, your life wouldn't be worth three cents. Remember that sketch. It is crude work, I admit, but far more reliable than an actual photo- raph for identification purposes. Two photographs of the same individual may appear so different as to be unrecog- nizable; but a sketch executed by a clever character artist brings out the salient features of a face so distinctly as to be unmistakable. "For that reason, you will be safer on board this cutter, for a couple of weeks or so. You are to consider it as a private yacht. The captain's room is at your disposal, and you will find there 4A 