38 Detective Story Magazine The cab stopped before one of the entrances of the big hall. Verbeck glanced at his watch again--it was five minutes of twelve. As he sprang out. he tossed the chauffeur a bill. He took a deep breath, threw back his shoul- ders, handed his ticket to the man at the door, and stepped into the lobby of the hall with a smile on his face. Three men were loitering in the southwest corner by the drinking foun- tain. Two more were approaching, and a woman was walking toward the foun- tain from the opposite direction. All the men wore bits of red ribbon on their coat lapels--the woman on her right shoulder. And Verbeck saw something else, too --men who were scattered about in couples, each couple pretending to carry on an animated conversation, but watching the corner. They were detec- tives, several of whom Verbeck recog- nized. He walked past the fountain swiftly and turned the corner. Faustina Wen- dell and her brother were approaching him side by side, each decorated with the red ribbon. In a moment they would be out where the detectives would see, if they had not been ob- served already. Verbeck had removed his hat and coat, and as he turned the corner he tossed them to a check boy. He almost ran forward to meet Faus- tina and Howard. He knew it lacked but a few seconds to midnight. "Quick!" he whispered, as he met them. "Don't ask questions, but, for Heaven's sake, do as I say! Take off that red ribbon quick! Howard! Get back on the floor--anywhere to get out of sight. Faustina--come!" Verbeck himself tore the ribbon from her shoulder as Howard removed his own. He pushed Howard ahead of him until he was on the dancing floor. He grasped Faustina about the waist- he waltzed her out into the crowd! The hands of the clock pointed to midnight--and from the southwest cor- ner of the lobby came sounds of a com- motion as the detectives, obeying their orders, closed in on the Black Star's crooks! CHAPTER XIII. MUGGS--GREAT LITTLE MAN! VERBECK felt Faustina grow limp in his arms, and he waltzed her to a position near the wall and the door. Howard stepped over to them. "You'you--" Faustina was try- ing to speak. "Don't say a word," Verbeck whis- pered. "I understand everything. There is no danger for you. I have destroyed all the notes you wrote, and the check Howard gave." "But--" "Thank Heaven I was in time! I al- most failed to save you!" "To save me--" "Careful--whisper! Step closer, Howard. I, too, was almost caught in the Black Star's trap. I discovered his hiding place and took him prisoner. I knew his gang would have to be caught if ever he was to be convicted, and so I tried to play a lone hand against him. Muggs warned me he had a hunch, he said. While the Black Star was kept prisoner. I played his part, issued orders, got all of the gang to be here to-night, then informed the police to take them in." "You--" Howard began. "Careful--act naturally! I gave you and Faustina orders, too. not knowing. Then the Black Star told me what I had done, tried to get me to let him go free. And I rushed to that house where he had his headquarters, and de- stroyed the letters and Howard's check. Nobody knows you were involved ex- cept the Black Star and myself, and the Black Star cannot prove anything. And that Chicago partner of his, you may be sure, will remain away. You'll never 