The Sultana Crescent 93 A taxicab sent from the hotel was awaiting them, and De Launcey saw them into it. "Nine o'clock to-morrow morning," he reminded them, shook hands, turned on his heels, and was away. Next morning, the Englishman called up a well-known garage, and hired a touring car and chauffeur for the day, and, when he reached the Constant Spring, Mabel, dressed in summer mus- lins, her golden hair floating wavily in the soft morning air, stood waiting in the bright sunlight, at the end of a magnificent arbor of bouganvillæ, which stretched from the side entrance al- most to the great door of the hotel it- self. After that, De Launcey was a reg- ular visitor at the Constant Spring Ho- tel, and daily the little party went pic- nicking. One day, it was to the Cane River Falls, another day to the match- less Gardens at Castleton, or to the great dam and massive culverts at Bog Walk. One day, they went slumming, and ended up with a visit to police head- quarters, where they were shown most everything that could interest them, and obtained a lot of information. In the rogues' gallery, De Launcey spent some time. He looked through the large number of photographs care- fully, and, at length, selected one for closer study. It bore the name, "James O'Reary. alias Wooden-head Jimmy," with full description and address of that individual. "Tough-looking customer of yours," said De Launcey to the detective who accompanied them. "Irish, too, I see." Yes, sir, answered the detective, "one of the thoroughly bad ones. Been in the pen eight times already, and we are expecting him back most any day. Jimmy don't need no introduction in this here hotel no more. He's only to tap light on the door, and it's wide open to him." "Too bad," sighed De Launcey. "What's his failing? Rum?" "Rum started him," replied the of- ficer. "but now he doesn't stop at no- wheres. He's broke half a dozen heads in this here town in one night, but his own is never scratched. That's why his pals say he is wooden-headed. His last visit here was when he was sus- pected of burglary less than a month ago. He was held for a few days, but there was no evidence against him, and the judge discharged him. For my part, I say, lock him up, evidence or no evidence. If he was not guilty, it was through no fault of his. I wouldn't give him no chance." "Don't you think his surroundings might have something to do with it?" said De Launcey, with a smile. "I see, he lives at 821 Rum Lane." "That's nothing whatever to do with it, sir, nothing at all," answered the po- liceman warmly. "I've known some perfectly honest people to live on Rum Lane; some total abstainers even. And you don't expect a man to be the devil because he lives near Hell Gate, New York; or to be a thoroughly bad fish because his address is Rotten Row, London, do you ? However, if Wooden- head Jimmy wishes to remove to Water Lane, which is only a couple of blocks off, or even to Church Street, nobody won't say nothing; but we'll keep an eye on him, all the same." "The joke is on me," said De Laun- cey, with a laugh, "For a few years, I lived on Rotten Row. But I must thank you for showing us around so kindly. I didn't think you had such an efficient police system out here, but I see you are nowhere behind us. Good day." The party emerged once more into Sutton Street, entered a taxicab, and was soon whisked away. And then the ninth of November came, and the great annual holiday. De Launcey took the ladies to see the cricket match for the island champion- 