Headquarters Chat PERHAPS the cases that are handled by the missing-persons departments at the police headquarters throughout the country interest the news-reading public most, and hold their attention the longest. A person of regular habits--be it man, woman, or child--who lives a well ordered life, abruptly drops out of sight, vanishing as completely as a drop of water on a stone will evaporate in the summer sun. At first the family of the missing one searches frantically; and then, in a panic over their failure, if they have ample means, private detectives are called in, and, if they fail, the police, who soon get the ready aid of the newspapers. For a while the case is in the thoughts and on the tongues of every one. Reasons are advanced, clews suggested, and, simultaneously, from a dozen dif-ferent sections of the country come reports that the missing one has been found. And then more often than not the search ends successfully with the finding of the person--or the body. But in many, many instances the mystery is never solved, and the case fades into oblivion, save for those vitally concerned, and the dusty records at police headquarters. Sidney Lang leaves his friend, Burr Esmond, waiting at the corner of a busy thoroughfare, and steps into a theater to get two tickets for the evening performance. He does not come back within a reasonable period, and Esmond investigates, to find that Lang had bought the tickets some little time before. That night two men fill the seats for which Lang's tickets call, but neither of them is Lang. So opens the best novelette that Arnold Duncan has written. It is entitled A WHISTLER CONSPIRACY and it mingles, in a finely woven plot, mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure so deftly that we feel confident that you will agree with us in our estimation of the story. William Wallace Cook, widely known as a fiction writer of rare ability, con-tributes the first of a series of detective stories in the next issue, "THE BOX OF THE SEVEN GODS," in which a wily Oriental plays an important role in assisting to unravel the mystery surrounding a theft of radium. "PEARLS VS. DIAMONDS," by Louise R. Rhodes, deals with the strange disappearance of some valuable jewels from a place of supposed safety in a New-port villa. The last of the present series of RED RAVEN STORIES, by Scott Campbell, which has proved to be so popular, will be told in the next issue. Do not miss it, for the story is the best one that Scott Campbell has written so far Among the other stories are "WILLING A NAME," by William F. Vassall, and "THE THREE-TOED CLAW," by Wilder Anthony. 