56 Detective Story Magazine clay--eloquently revealed Humphrey Steene's besetting vice. A large bookcase well filled with technical books told me I had been right in my first estimate of Steene as an engineer, at least in so far as they indicated that his tastes lay in that direction. Some of the books treated of such subjects as the Panama Canal and Conservation, in popular style; but the majority were far too abstruse for my comprehension. Strangely enough, I missed the most characteristic collec- tion of objects in the place till I had been in that room almost fifteen min- utes. Then they forced themselves on my attention. A clock in the center of the mantel chimed the quarter hours in tones superbly beautiful. I gave it my whole attention, waiting for it to strike the hour. I was not disappointed, for its strokes were richly resonant. Hardly had it finished, however, when another clock, equally perfect in tone, started chiming behind me. I located it on a shelf above the door. Just as it started striking, a second clock on the mantel struck, and it was a close race between them. Next one struck from a whatnot in the corner by the win- dow; then two simultaneously from the top of the bookcase. I kept turning my head as each ac- cessible article of furniture yielded its music. I was trying to count them when a familiar voice addressed me from the door. "That one will go off next, doctor," it said, and I wheeled to meet the man whose business was the destruction of crime, whose principal vice was an ex- cessive indulgence in the fragrant weed, and whose chief hobby evidently was clocks. He was pointing to a clock of Swiss manufacture on the wall, and I saw clearly that he was not to be inter- rupted. "Now this one is going to chime in." He indicated a third clock on the mantel. For fully five minutes in all, clocks chimed or struck; or did both, all about us. There was not a jarring note, for they had been set so that none struck a note discordant with another per- forming at the same time, and through it all, Humphrey Steene maintained a beatific expression of countenance that brooked no interruption. CHAPTER XVI. MAINLY ABOUT CLOCKS! HAVE a cigar," Humphrey Steene invited, as soon as the clocks-- there were nine of them in all--had lapsed into silence. "Say, that disguise of yours is al- most perfect. I doubt if your own mother would know you." He waved me to one of the morris chairs, and himself took the other. "You seem to be fond of clocks," I remarked, as I lighted up. He was carefully filling a meer- schaum with an extraordinarily large bowl. "Yes--they represent so much," he responded reflectively. "For instance?" "Well, they were one of the earliest manifestations of the development of man's mechanical genius. "But I think my weakness for them is because they typify organization. The pull of the mainspring sets going a mechanism--simple or intricate, as the case may be--and the ultimate re- sult is definite and exact. The clock does not deduce the hour, the minute, the second. Yet, if the mechanism be perfect, it shows all these unerringly. Two of my clocks keep track of the days, the months, and the years, as well as these. They even give February its twenty-ninth day in leap years. Yet there is no process of reason involved. "Granted, the phenomenon is to be 