144 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine ative work, especially of a mental nature. You should enjoy a very pleasant seven days. Make important decisions this week. If born between January 7th and 16th, be very careful with your dealings commer- cially and with those in higher positions. This is an energetic week. Keep your viewpoint balanced and do not allow your temper to get beyond control. Be patient if you have slow results. Be most cautious in handling property and real estate. Do nothing impulsively. January 19th and February 19th (Aquarius) -Aquarians born between January 24th and February 1st will have a pleasant week in many respects. Keep plodding along and attend to all duties, no matter how irksome they are. Your mental proc- esses should be working efficiently at this time, so see that you use your head intel- ligently and often. If born between Feb- ruary 5th and 15th, you are operating with favorable influences, but you will have to stay on the job every minute if you wish to get results. Make necessary changes. This is a very energetic week for you. Use your energy constructively. February 19th and March 21st (Pisces) -Pisceans born between February 25th and March 2nd should have a pleasant, active week. There will be an element of confusion, of course, but you can control your negative viewpoint and adjust some of the uncertain factors if you will think clearly and logically. If born between March 7th and 16th, you will be upset this week and should be cautious about every- thing, especially the liability of minor acci- dents. Be careful in handling sharp instru- ments. This is a time for you to stay in a groove, to some extent; otherwise you will suffer financially. TAURUS HUSBAND The Taurus husband is an autocratic in- dividual. He is practical, loves his home, and insists upon order and system. He is intense, jealous, strongly physical, and not interested in persons on the outside when they interfere with his schedule and exist- ence. He loves beauty, color, and the romantic side of life; becoming very tem- peramental when routine is disrupted. The Taurus man is emotional and fixed in his opinions. If you wish to have harmony with this life partner, be tolerant of his ideas and do not openly oppose him. He needs to be prodded gently and subtly, but his stubbornness is notorious and dictation is something for which he will not stand in the least degree. Never play practical jokes on him; his sense of humor does not extend that far. Taurus men have moments of morbid resentment toward life and toward persons associated with them. They are very sen- sitive and are likely to brood over matters for a long time before doing anything about them. Facts and reality are the keynotes of the male Taurean's existence. He likes to sift everything to its actual source, and if you think you are fooling this man over a long period of time, you have another thought coming. It is rare to see these husbands swerving from their ideals, prin- ciples and beliefs. They believe in con- stancy and have such an intense pride in possessiveness and authority, it is unusual to see them in the divorce courts. But, remember, when they are through with anything, all the king's horses and all the king's men are powerless to influence them to change. The sanctity of the domestic situation is not to be tampered with, in the eyes of the Taurus husband. Do not at- tempt to blast these men from their chosen path of living. That is extremely impor- tant. Allow him to go his leisurely way. If he can control his temper and live with a goal in sight, success is his eventually, and you can depend upon his reliability. * THE STAR QUESTION BOX * Mr. G. M. Q., born September 15, 1901, Ireland, hour not stated: This is more of an acknowledgment of your letter than anything else, Mr. Q. It was impossible for me to communicate with you directly, and my copy was written long ago for that period when you desired to receive your answer through the magazine. You were not very definite about your trip, but I assume it was a journey connected with business. Your influences this year are favorable, if you will coordinate your ef- forts with past endeavor and contacts, and continue to pursue a program which I hope you made long ago. As far as I can ob- serve from the general positions in your chart, the results of the year are solely dependent upon your hard work and your LS-9E 