160 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine did tidy up, the others would upset the place in ten minutes. Besides, I was al- ways afraid that my friends would be in- sulted by my folks attitude toward them. At eighteen, I felt I couldn't stand it any longer, and I ran away and married a man I thought would be good to me. I was not in love with him; I have not found real love yet. I didn't know my husband very well before we were married, and I was frantic when I found out that he was careless and lazy. I could not go home to my folks, because they wouldn't have anything to do with me, and leaving him was out of the question, because I had no place to go. Three months after our marriage, my husband quit work because he had a fight with his boss, and as we had hardly any money, I found work waiting on people in a delicatessen store. Then my husband stopped looking for work. He'd stay in bed all day until late afternoon, and then go out with his men friends. Of course, I had to give him money, and pay rent, too, besides seeing to it that we didn't starve. One year later I fainted at work. I had a complete nervous breakdown, and my mother thawed out enough to take me home with her. They made my husband stay away from me, and didn't even let him in the house to see me. As soon as I could get up, I got a divorce. I don't know how I ever pulled through all the I-told-you-so's from every one. But don't you think that if they had treated me right at home in the first place, all this would never have happened? My mother and dad won't let me go out with young men who have jobs and earn their living, because they are always preaching that one unfortunate marriage was enough. I've learned my lesson, and am going to wait for love. Mother treats me all right, but she's always lecturing, and won't let me go anywhere except to work. I'm so tired of it all, as things stand, that I feel anything would be bet- ter than to have to listen to talk and more talk. Must my life be made miserable be- cause I married the wrong man, Mrs. Brown? Heartsick. As long as you allow yourself to be rather spineless, my dear, I'm afraid you're going to be stepped on a good deal more than you have been. Has it occurred to you that you literally drifted into an unfortunate marriage because you lacked the en- ergy to fight against your family's treatment of you? And after you realized that you married the wrong man, you didn't have enough gump- tion to lift a finger to set things straight, although you were support- ing yourself and could have easily made a change by leaving. Now you're of age, you're making your own living, and yet you haven't the courage to stand up for your- self and insist that your mother leave you to choose your own friends, and let you go out a little more. Instead of insisting on your rights, you're coddling your grief and taking no steps to assert your- self. And why? Because you don't seem to have sufficient courage to live your own life as you want to live it. I'm afraid that unless you snap out of it, dear, you're going to con- tinue being unhappy. You shouldn't be afraid to reach out for the things you want in life. LS-10E 