ADVERTISING SECTION GAINS 5 LBS. IN 1 WEEK Feels Fine! Both Men and Women Everywhere Reporting Amazing Results. Posed by professional model. Read How Amazing Mineral Concentrate Richest In Newer Form Of "FOOD IODINE" Is Building lip Thousands Of Nervous, Skinny, Rundown Men And Women "I have been underweight for years." says Miss Taylor. "And after two packages of Kelp-a-Malt have gained "well over five lbs. and am a new person inside and out. Am elated with Kelp-a-Malt." "Had stomach trouble for years. When I take Kelp-a-Malt I have a hearty appe- tite for everything and suffer no distress. Kelp-a-.Malt has banished constipation, which I have had all my life." -W.D.C. . . . "Gained 8 pounds with one package of Kelp-a-Malt and feel 100% better." Mrs. W. J. S. Just a few of the thousands of actual testimonials that are flooding in from all over the country telling us how this newer form of food iodine is building firm flesh, strengthening the nerves, enriching the blood- nourishing vital glands and making weak, pale, careworn, underweight men and women look and feel years younger. Scientists have recently discovered that the blood, liver and vital glands of the body contain definite quantities of iodine which heretofore has been difficult to ob-tain. Modern foodstuffs, even fresh vegetables and similarly so-called "good" foods, have recently been discovered to be often lacking not only in food iodine but in all the other essential organic minerals without which strength and health are impossible. Kelp-a-Malt, only recently discovered, is an amazingly rich source of food iodine, along with practically every mineral essential to normal well-being. It is a sea vegeta-ble concentrate taken from the Pacific Ocean and made available in palatable, pleasant-to-take tablet form. Six Kelp-a-Malt tab- lets provide more food iodine than 486 pounds of spinach, 1,600 pounds of beef, 1,387 pounds of lettuce. Three Kelp-a-Malt tablets contain more iron and copper for rich blood, vitality and strength than a pound of spinach, 7 1/2 pounds of fresh to- matoes more calcium than 6 eggs, more phosphorous than a pound and a half of car- rots sulphur, sodium, potassium and other essential minerals. Only when you get an adequate amount of these minerals can your food do you any good- can you nourish glands, add weight, strengthen your nerves, increase your vigor, vitality and endurance. Try Kelp-a-Malt for a single week. Watch your appetite improve, firm flesh ap-pear instead of scrawny hollows. Feel the tireless vigor and vitality it brings you. It not only improves your looks, but your health as well. It corrects sour, acid stomach, Gas, indigestion and all the usual distress commonly experienced by the undernourished and the underweight disappear. Contains no yeast- doesn't cause bloating. Money Back Guarantee Prove the worth of this amazing weight builder today. Two- weeks are required to effect a change in the mineralization of the body. At the end of that time, if you have not gained at least 8 pounds, do not look better, feel better and have more endurance than ever before, send back the unused tab- lets and every penny of your money will be cheerfully refunded. KELP=A=MALT Tablets Introductory Offer Don't wait any longer. Order Kelp-a-Malt today. Renew youthful energy, add flatter- ing pounds this easy scientific way. Spe- cial short time introductory offer gives you 10-day trial treatment of Kelp-a-Malt for $1.00. Regular large size bottle 200 Jumbo size tablets 4 to 5 times the size of ordi- nary tablets for only $1.95. 600 tablets $4.95. postage prepaid. Plain wrapped. Sent C. O. D. 20e extra. Get your Kelp-a- Malt before this offer expires. SEEDOL COMPANY, Dept. 119, 27-33 West 20th St., N. Y. C. Gentlemen Please send me postpaid 10 Day Trial Treatment, $1.00. 200 Jumbo size Kelp-a-Malt tablets. 4 to 5 times size of ordinary tablets $1.95. 600 Jumbo size Kelp-a-Malt tablets. Price $4.95.(Check amount wanted) for which enclosed find............... C. O. D. 20c extra. Name................................. St. Address.......................... City ......................State..... SEEDOL LABORATORIES: fSI. 1903 ORIGINATORS OF HEALTH FOODS BY MAIL, Dept. 119, 27-33 W. 20th St., New York 