82 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine portant my career is. I'm going to settle down here, as Uncle John wished." "You're a wonderful girl. I want to apologize for the things I said to you that first day. I didn't know you- then." He fingered the check absently. "I guess I was pretty rude. Forgive me." "Every word you said was true. I didn't make any sacrifices for my ideals- if I had any ideals. It wasn't in me, then." "Of course it was in you. You just hadn't had any reason to make sacrifices. These weeks here have meant everything to me, always re- member that." Of course they had meant every- thing to him, she reflected bitterly. He could go back to the girl he loved, with money enough to finance his invention. "I hope you'll be very happy, Jerry," she said slowly, because she found it very hard to wish him hap- piness with some one else. "And now, I guess that closes our business deal." Just then a servant came in with a card. "The gentleman is waiting in the study, Miss Serena." Serena glanced down at the card in her hand, and her face blanched. Landell was here, in her house! "You must excuse me, Jerry," she faltered. "Shall I wait?" "Please." She walked into the study across the hall as one in a trance. She didn't know what she felt or believed any more. When Landell came to- ward her with outstretched hands, she tried to speak, but her stiff lips could form no words. "Lovely Serena," he said in his caressing voice. "I've come back to you." "You've come back," she echoed, her voice sounding strange and far- away. "Why? And where is your wife?" "I left her. My marriage didn't turn out the way I expected." He took both of Serena's cold little hands in his. "You could always appreciate what it means to my work to have the right surround- ings." "Wasn't your wife willing to help with your career?" "She wouldn't give me time to work, and she nagged about the bills. I'm a great artist. I can't be both- ered with money matters." Serena studied his face as she had never consciously done before. He was handsome, yes, but there was a weakness about his mouth and chin that she had never noticed before. As she looked at the man before her, Jerry's clean-cut features ap- peared as clearly as if he stood there in Landell's place. She saw his frank blue eyes, his boyish smile. At that moment she recognized Lan- dell for the selfish egoist he was. What a blind little fool she had been! I" knew you'd be waiting for me," he said softly, trying to draw her into his arms. "You understand me." It was as if a veil had been torn from her eyes. She wanted to shout aloud for joy. She was free! Free of the infatuation that had all but wrecked her life! "Yes, I understand you," she an- swered quietly. "I understand you at last." "You can make up to me for the unhappy time I've had," he went on, misunderstanding. "I suppose your uncle left you well fixed. We'll travel, see new places, have a grand time together." "I don't love you, Landell," she 