The Love Pawn 65 Before I'd let you touch me, I'd kill myself!" He took both struggling little hands in one big one, holding her fast. "But, Paula-" "You think you can hold me," she panted, "but I'll show you. I'm strong." "Be quiet," he ordered. "I keep trying to tell you, you misunder- stand. If you behave yourself, I'm not going to harm you. We are not alone. I have two Japanese ser- vants who stayed with me when dad's establishment broke up. Any- way," he said coolly, "do you think I'd risk ruining my well-laid plans for you- a girl? Even if you are beautiful!" he added, with a queer look at the red mark she had left on his wrist. "Some little fury, aren't you? Calm down, sit at that desk, and write what I dictate." Strangling her sobs, Paula stepped proudly across the worn, but once good rug. Automatically, she no- ticed the tasteful chintz, the few pieces of well polished furniture. He knew good things. His words kept ringing through her mind, "Even if you are beautiful." She did not know whether she was glad or sorry that he had taken his strange touch away from her. Better not resist. Better pretend to fall in with his plans. Later, she could think of a way to escape. She wrote what he dictated, that she was on her honeymoon, that she was gloriously happy. Red took the letter from her forcefully, and tore it up. "You have disguised your hand," he said sternly. "Write another!" The room swaying about her, she obeyed, too worn to wonder how he had known. But there was one more chance. She remembered a erame she used to play with Uncle Jerry. When she had been in a very strict boarding school, where her letters were corrected, she always signed them with a special little crook to her name, so he would know she was in some childish trouble. She wrote it that way now, hoping, praying Uncle Jerry had not forgotten. "Doesn't seem exactly right yet," said Red critically. But let it pass. He rang, and gave orders to the Japanese, "Phone the garage to send for Miss Paula's car, and store it for a week. See that this letter gets off at once by air mail. And tell Yugi San to come here." When the tiny woman pattered in, she looked so much like a wee Madame Butterfly in her native kimono, that Paula almost said, "What a darling maid!" But she would not let herself praise Red's establishment. "Make Miss Paula comfortable in the guest room," he ordered smoothly. "Dinner in an hour." Both Yugi San and her husband, Koti, seemed to speak so little English, and they looked at their master with such doglike devotion that Paula realized it would be use- less to appeal to them for help. "Perhaps you would like to dress for dinner," Red was saying suavely. He handed Paula the box of clothes from her car. How strange the black box with its gold letters, "Rosalie," looked here! In the tiny guest room, she de- cided not to dress. But on second thought, why not? Why not give this disdainful young bandit who had no place for girls in his life an eyeful? Standing at last in the long, severe dress of heavy white faille which incased her form like the un- opened sheath of a lily bud, her eyes gleamed mischievously. She was LS-5E 