142 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine your opinions upon others. Keep your emotions in the background and work. Be practical, conservative, and diligent. This is a good after- noon and evening to think about financial matters and the use of your funds. Tuesday, March 13th This is a good, practical day. The mind will be efficient and you will be able to face the bare facts in connection with all things. The daytime hours should be used for com- mercial efforts; make adjust- ments and deal with older people. Adjust misunder- standings. The evening hours will bring recreational and pleasurable developments. Use your mind constructively this evening. Talk things over with any one associated with your life. Write, attend to correspondence, make plans, and establish better relations with those in whom you are interested. Wednesday, March 14th The early-morning hours are uncertain and the influences will produce nervousness and an uncertain attitude until after 8:00 a. m. The later morning hours are pleasant and harmonious. The after- noon hours are favorable for dealing with other people; for contacts and interviews, cre- ative work, and inspirational activities. The evening pe- riod is balanced, active, ex- citing, and favorable for any plans you may have made previously. Thursday, March 15th There is a New Moon to- day at 7:09 a. m. The morn- ing hours are very active and favorable for getting things done. The afternoon hours are exciting and there will be excessive activity, the liability to quarrels and in- jury from sharp instruments until 7:15 p. m. The eve- ning hours are stimulating mentally, but there is an un- dercurrent of quietness and seriousness. The evening hours, however, can be made productive, interesting, and efficient. Friday March 16th This is another vital day, but there will be a strong emo- tional undercurrent which will be unpleasant to endure. Events will follow closely upon one another during the day until 4:00 p. m., carrying an element of the unexpected. The late afternoon and the evening hours are pleasant, harmonious, and can be made most enjoyable. IF YOU WERE BORN BETWEEN March 21st and April 20th (Aries) -Aries people born between March 25th and April 2nd may expect a pleasant week, except for a slight nervousness which will react upon the digestive organs. Your judgment is good at this time if you will be conservative and be cautious in money affairs. If born between April 7th and 16th, you should use cold logic in settling your affairs. Keep your temper and poise. Do not be impulsive; go easy. April 20th and May 21st (Taurus) -Taureans born between April 24th and May 1st must be careful in their emotional affairs. Use your head and do not live ex- cessively. Avoid serious relations with the opposite sex. Rely upon your intuition and develop your spiritual understanding. If engaged in literary work, this is a favor- able and productive week. If born be- tween May 4th and 13th, expect to live quietly and in a restricted groove. Take your pleasures lightly. Watch your temper and equilibrium. Accept changes philo- sophically and do not try to move too rap- idly. A time for restraint. May 21st and June 21st (Gemini) -Geminians born between May 23rd and June 2nd will have an irritating week and it will require stern control to keep your nerves steady. There will be mental con- fusion and your decisions must be made carefully. Affairs in the home will be an- noying to you. Inspect all contracts care- fully before affixing your signature. Seek advice from other sources. Be cautious in 