126 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine with him to live up to the dress she had put on. And then failed. "I think I was doing myself a favor in giving myself the oppor- tunity to come here," he said, settling in a comfortable chair, light- ing his cigarette and then sitting back to look admiringly at her. "I wonder if you have any idea of how charming you are?" "I wouldn't mind a bit being told!" With an audaciousness that doubly enhanced her fragile love- liness. Thursby Linden's dark eyes were warm with something more than admiration as he looked at her. He bent and caught her hand as she passed him and, staying her progress, lifted it to his lips. "We'll come to that later. I always like to leave the nicest things until last. Right now we have something rather serious to talk about. Don't get frightened," as he saw the dark points of alarm widen her lovely gray eyes. "I just want to put you on your guard, lady fair, so that we can give you the maximum protection." "Protection from what?" "Well" -and he was trying to laugh slightly at the thing- "from this sort of thing." He rose, moved to the studio couch where she sat and dropped down beside her and held out a bit of paper upon which words were crudely printed. "I don't know how much there is to this," he said, well concealing the alarm that he felt. "But it's best not to miss any bets in a thing like this. We've got a new kind of criminal to deal with nowadays. A new sort of desperation, more petty and still worse to deal with. A thing that stoops to a depth of vicious cruelty that normal people can't quite conceive of. I'm telling you this, Sophia, not to frighten you but just to put you on your guard -very much on your guard." Sophia took the piece of paper and looked up at the man forcing a brave little smile to her lips: "I'm not afraid, mister!" With a funny little swagger of bravado. "Bring on your bold, bad men!" But her pale face became even a shade paler as she read the crude words on the soiled paper. She looked up at Linden speech- less. "A kid, a little street urchin, brought that into the office straight to my desk this noon, shortly after you'd gone. He scooted past every barrier no one could stop him barefoot and ragged! and came straight to my desk. Some one had put him wise as to just where to come with that. And you, little lady, evidently were shadowed this noon as was your guest!" "No!" Startled, the word burst from her lips. "I'm afraid so. Whoever it was who murdered young Maddern knows that I'm here right now!" he said quietly. And it was then that Sophia noticed that he had been speaking in a very subdued tone since his arrival at the apartment. "But you have nothing to do with it- we have nothing to do with it!" "I know, child, but they've got a goat there- Arnold Cranston- and they don't want your story to re- lease him and set the police on the trail of the real killers. Coppers get funny when they're driven by the chiefs. And there's been a drive lately a hard one. Higher-ups have been criticized because mur- derers, thieves, and kidnapers have been getting away with their swag and no one has been caught. The higher-ups have brought pressure to bear and the result is that the cops 