Extra Sheer 17 at Derek. "Go along!" she whis- pered. He patted her sleeve. "I'll get even later!" he promised. Then he disappeared into the museum. All afternoon, people straggled into the Chamber of Horrors. But they didn't seem to be much im- pressed. When they came out, they announced loudly that the show was no good. Fran's heart contracted with fear. What if the museum failed after all! What would Derek do then? Her hands went clammy cold. About four o'clock, business picked up. Crowds flocked in. They came out chattering interestedly. Fran strained her ears to listen. "Do you think King Louis is real? I don't. He's just another wax figure. But if you ask me, I'd say he's cleverly made!" King Louis! But they had no figure of King Louis. There was no time to think about the matter. People were arriving too fast. Fran made change with flying fingers. By five thirty the cash box was full! "This is the zero hour, miss," said Pete. He was the new man they hired to ballyhoo. "Might as well shut up shop for an hour. Fran nodded. Wearily, she slipped down from the high booth. "Where's the boss?" went on Pete. "He hasn't as much as stuck his nose outside the pitch, all afternoon." "I don't know," said Fran. She was Suddenly worried. Hastily she went into the museum. At her entrance, a weary figure in a blue satin suit and wearing a white periwig, got hastily in posi- tion on his knees in front of Marie Antoinette. Marie Antoinette was coquet- tishly lifting one corner of her skirt to display her shapely ankle, just as Fran had arranged. But Fran hadn't painted the sign which hung above her. Is King Louis Real? Five Dollars to Any One Who Can Make Any of Our Wax Figures Smile! "Derek!" gasped Fran. King Louis scrambled to his feet, flexing his weary arms and legs as he did so. "I should have taken an easier position. To-night I think I'll just try standing in front of Marie!" "But Derek!" Fran was staring at his face, thickly incrusted with wax and paint. "I don't under- stand!" "I wasn't sure it would work. That's why I didn't tell you, be- fore." Derek stretched again. "George Washington's suit fits me beautifully, doesn't it?" he went on, as she still stared uncomprehend- ingly. I did this mechanical-man stunt at all the college powwows. It always brought down the house. And people this afternoon fell for it like nobody's business! They tried so hard to make me laugh, that they put themselves into good humor. I'll bet they bring all their friends and come back to-night. And the best thing of all: nobody could possibly recognize me under all this wax and paint!" "Derek, nothing on earth is go- ing to keep you from succeeding!" Her eyes were luminous with unshed tears. Derek shook his head. "Not since I have to live up to you, dear! I sort of bucked at making a fool of myself in front of all these stran- gers. It was different from making a little sport for my college pals. And then I thought of you, out there selling tickets. I remembered that you had given up your good job and thrown in your lot with my un- certain fortunes. That decided me." LS-2E 