116 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Thanks," she said. "Thank yourself for being such a comfortable person to know." "I'm not sure that's a com- pliment." "It is, in this day and age, lady fair! It certainly is!" They were out of the car and walking into the restaurant. Linden, who evidently knew the place, led the way to a small private dining room at the right. The room drew a gasp of sur- prised admiration from Sophia. Its walls in Japanese scenes were almost startling in an electric, icy sort of blue, its woodwork black enamel touched with gold, and its windows hung with gold-toned fabric that gave an effect of per- petual sunshine; its furniture black lacquer. Linden caught Sophia's look of startled and wondering admiration. He laughed softly. "Now, I haven't that purpose in mind at all! If I ever make love to you it will be honest love, probably in an early-American setting. It seems more respectable!" "I'm not sure that you're not one of those wicked men that one hears about. I've never seen a place like this before!" And instantly Sophia was con- scious of the fact that she had said something that might have been better left- unsaid. There was a strange tenseness in the atmosphere and Linden was leaning across the table toward her with an air reminiscent of a certain few mad moments in the dusk of her apart- ment that Sophia had never quite been able to forget. "No, Sophia," he was saying in that warm, glowing voice that seemed to light fires within her own blood, "you haven't seen this place before! There are a great many places you haven't seen, things you haven't done that I'd like to take you and do with you! With a girl like you beside him, a man-" he paused as if just realizing that his emotion was running away with him. And Sophia sat opposite him, mo- tionless. A spell seemed to have been cast over her in that moment and she forgot everything except that Thursby Linden, who had once called her "little and lovely," sat opposite her and that his voice was echoing to the very uttermost reaches of her heart. And then he was talking again and in his thoroughly businesslike tone: "But we didn't come here to be romantic, young lady, however easy it may be, with the Croton River winding down there below us and gold fish lazing in the water! I want to talk to you about last night." Sophia looked up at him, her eyes apprehensive and very young in their fright. "Don't be frightened," Linden said. "I'm standing by and with all the confidence in the world in you, little lady. I just want to know what really happened last night. I have the garbled police version but I want the real one." And so, while their dinner was brought to them, Sophia told him the story of the night before, be- ginning at the place where she sat in the garden in her pajamas enjoy- ing the cool, starlit night. "I see," Linden said as she finished. "And you don't want this girl Rhoda brought into it because you don't want Vincent Nelson hurt?" He was looking away and there was an odd note in his voice. "No," Sophia murmured quietly. "You realize, of course, that there's going to be considerable fuss 