The Love Pawn 67 "Righto!" cried Red. "You're thinking of Eric, and Eric's love." A chime of dainty bells sounded. "Shall we go in to dinner, milady?" Gravely, Red offered his arm, gravely, Paula took it. A small table was set in the living room. The hour that followed left its impress on Paula for life. Dining opposite a charming man in impec- cable clothes, one who had once be- longed to the world she know, it was hard to believe he had brought her here by force. It must be true that he was Jack Delafield. She had heard of the family, remembered vaguely that they had lost their money somehow. Obviously, he was used to playing host. His ringing voice told her de- lightful things, and her laugh tinkled out. It was a delicious sit- uation, with just a spice of danger. He had told her he did not want her, yet she wondered if his eyes did not tell a different tale. The maid pattered to and fro with enticing foreign dishes; and the three red roses she had arranged with the artistic skill of the Japanese slowly opened in the warmth of the room like hearts of love, baring their vo- luptuous breasts to the kiss of the candlelight. Paula and Red sat long over coffee and cigarettes, until at last the candles burned low. The harsh lines were almost erased from his face, giving him a different look. What a shame, Paula was thinking, for a man like this to be drawn into crime! She felt an intense longing to help him, save him from himself. If she pretended to fall in with his plans, surely some way would be opened up to stop him from this awful thing! Something of what she was think- ing must have showed in her face. With his usual clairvoyance, he put his hand forcefully on hers. "Don't get the idea of reforming me. I'm not worth it, and there's no use." The lines came back to his face. He crushed out his cigarette. "You are tired," he said abruptly. "Time for bed." Uneasiness laid hold on her again. It was so quiet there; perhaps he had sent the servants away. Perhaps she was alone with him. "Afraid?" he accused. "Must I explain again that although you are a prisoner, you are entirely safe with me? Yugi San is already asleep on her pallet in your room." "You" -faltered Paula, trust in him rushing over her. "You are nice. Good to me. I'll never be afraid of you again!" The city was dimmed by a light fog when they got away the next morning. Red's plane was ready at the airport, and Yugi San and Koti looked like dwarfs in their funny leather jackets and goggles. Paula could have called for help again and again as they crossed the city, but something stopped her. She told herself with a hammering heart that she didn't want to go back on Red. She wanted to see this thing through! The trip across country was one long thrill. Paula was not surprised when they reached Santa Barbara to find that Red had engaged rooms at a quiet hotel. Yugi San was her maid; Koti, his man. Then Red outlined his final plans. That night, there was to be a masked ball, at a beautiful resort on the beach. He had gotten cards, for he still had friends in Santa Barbara. Paula was to go with him, in mask, find Eric, flirt with him, get what in- formation she could about the 