Little And Lovely 117 kicked up over the disappearance of the girl from the car. Of course, it will never get out that they had one girl jailed for her. The mayor couldn't explain his part in it and neither could any one else. But they're going after that girl pretty hard. There'll be orders given to let you alone, but under pressure the police who picked you up may disregard those orders and come after you personally to try to get something on you. Don't you think then that it would be better to get this Rhoda to come clean? Cranston won't talk not as long as she's out of the picture he says, and he's apparently a man of his word." Sophia thought a minute. "I can't drag Rhoda into it- not unless she comes forward herself with her story." "You're foolish, because she won't. You're risking things. I'll protect you as much as I can, but there may be a limit to what I can do." "I'll- I'll risk it," she murmured. "And there's another phase of this. Since the paper came out the dead man has been identified as Jack Maddern, member of the wealthy Maddern family. He was to be put in control of a beer syndi- cate- rather had just been given the job. That means the Maddern money will be spent in trying to clean this up, little girl. It doesn't look too good. I feel like putting it to you that it's your duty to put the investigators on the right road by telling them what you know." "But they wouldn't believe me," she said, her slim white hands mov- ing in a gesture of emptiness. "With the other girl to question they would." "You think it s really my duty?" "Unquestionably. Your duty to the family of the dead man- any honest citizen's duty. I had this in mind when I got you released this morning." "The only way I'd want to do it," came thoughtfully from Sophia, would be by telling her and having her go to the authorities herself." "That would be the nicest way to do it." There was admiration in the fine dark eyes with which he looked at her. For a moment it seemed to Sophia that her hands would have to go out across the linen tablecloth to him, to be held in his. But he made no move toward her, so she sat motionless, waiting for the riot of emotion within her to subside. "I'll do it then," she said in a barely audible voice when she dared trust herself to speak. "The sooner the better." "To-morrow evening." "Make it noon. Have a luncheon date with her and stay as long as you wish. Get your point over, though, before you leave it. It's im- perative." And his voice was all business again and his eyes had cooled. Sophia felt a distinct sense of let down and chided herself for it. She had no right to mistake his interest in her! She was being utterly foolish! "I'll try to." "That s the stuff!" The dregs of coffee in their cups had long ago grown cold. Linden signaled the waiter and paid the check. CHAPTER VI. Outside a soft, fitful summer shower had rustled through the trees and shrubbery and spangled them with glistening jewels. Sum- mer evening, with a sky set with a million stars, was folding gently 