154 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine more than appreciate hearing from some American Pals. English Arthur. Franny'll share her interests. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a sixteen- year-old girl, in my third year of high school, fond of all sports, especially tennis, basket ball, skating, and hockey. I have wavy brown hair, hazel eyes, and a happy disposition. I want to hear from girls around my age. Who'll write to lonesome me? Franny. Jinkie's a prospective aviatrix. Dear Miss Morris: Have you room for a very youthful Pen Pal seeker? I want lots of Pen Pals. I'm a girl of fifteen, attend high school, and live near many orange groves in California. I like some outdoor sports, but am interested mostly in aviation and hope to try it in the near future. I have traveled all over the United States, Mexico, and Canada. Those of you who want a true Pal, address your letters to Jinkie. Pals, write to Brunet Teacher. Dear Miss Morris: Has a young woman of thirty-three a chance to hear from Pen Pals around her own age? I'm a school-teacher living in the South. I'm interested in outdoor life and sports, en- joy getting together with people, and make friends easily, although there aren't many people I haven't met in my town. Won't some of you older Pals give me a chance to be your friend? I'll exchange snap- shots, and will answer all letters. Brunet Teacher. He's in close touch with authors. Dear Miss Morris: I would very much like to hear from red-blooded Ameri- cans. I'm a young man whose hobbies are writing letters, collecting snapshots, making friends, and traveling. Nothing is nicer than having many true friends, and I think that boys make better friends than girls. My occupation is typing manu- scripts for authors. It's a fine job, but I have plenty of time on my hands to do my own correspondence. Fellows, you'll not be sorry if you write to me. Coleman Kenny. Waterloo Lillian lives in England. Dear Miss Morris: I just can't resist asking you to help me find some Pen Pals. I'm a young girl of twenty, and as I work only until eleven o'clock each day, I've plenty of time to write letters. I have red-gold hair, blue-gray eyes, and a cheer- ful nature. My hobbies are reading, music, swimming, knitting, dancing, and I'm fond of the movies. No matter how many girls write to me, I promise to an- swer every letter. I'd like to hear from Pals everywhere. Waterloo Lillian. She'll tell you her reducing secret. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young girl of twenty-one, like all sports, but best of all dancing. I used to weigh one hundred and fifty pounds, but I have reduced to a hundred and fifteen. I'll tell you how to reduce, girls, if you'll write to me. I'm really lonely, and want to hear from girls everywhere in the United States. I'll ex- change snapshots with you. Drop me a line, Pals. Danbury Blondie. Let Queenie discuss her travels with you. Dear Miss Morris: May I, too, join your happy Corner? I'm a girl of seven- teen, love all sports and music. I have traveled in many foreign countries, and can tell you about my interesting experi- ences among strange people. Please, every one, write to Queenie. Even a politician gets lonely. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a young man of twenty-four, interested in the politics of my State. I'd like to hear from young men everywhere. I promise not to talk shop, and will write lengthy letters about everything new and old. My pet hobbies are swimming, travel, collecting books and tricks in sleight of hand. Valet. 