96 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine a love house, and it has never known love. "Do you want to know what Helen said to me, when I brought her here, a bride? She said, 'Heavens, Wade! This tomb! If you think you can bury me in a place like this, you're crazy! Take me back to the city quick!' "There's a garden out there somewhere. Let's go out, Kathy. I want to sit there with you beside me and dream." In the grass were tiny white flowers like fallen stars. He threw himself down among them and pulled Kathy to his side. His hot fingers held hers tight. "You're sick!" Kathy cried. "I know you are, Wade. It's in your eyes. It's been there all day and I didn't know it. You're burning with fever. I'm going in and make you some coffee." She tried to free herself, but he held her close. "Coffee in love land?" he mocked. "It's your lips I want, sweet. It's you I'm sick for. Give me your lips-" And then, his words were trailing off into starry space, and he was doubled up, his hands clasped to his side, his face twisted into a gasping torture of pain. "My side!" he groaned. "Had an attack- once- before. They froze it out, and now it's come again! Up here!" How Kathy got him to the house she never knew. As far as the door he had helped her. Had walked, leaning against her, an arm about her shoulders. But there, he fainted. A table was in the way and as he fell, his head struck it. A tiny trickle of blood oozed from his temple to dribble down a gray cheek. Kathy had to let him lie where he had fallen until she found a bed- room. She was humbly grateful there were no stairs in this house built of dreams. With her arms be- neath his shoulders, she dragged him to it, and finally got him onto the bed. By the time she had his shoes off, and his collar and tie, he was con- scious, or partly so, and his face was not pale but red as fire, and his eyes were burning pits that sunk away from the pain that racked them. "In- the kitchen- the ice ma- chine," he mumbled. "Could- could you make- an ice-pack? Only hope- to freeze it. No- doc- tor nearer than twenty miles. No telephones in dream houses, you know." But Kathy didn't hear the last, for she was in the kitchen swinging open the doors of the small ice box, snatching at its tiny, ice-filled trays, her heart pinching with terror at the few cubes they held. She found a towel and made it into a pack, smashing the ice down with a cleaver, snatched at random from a kitchen drawer. Frantically she ripped Wade's shirt, and slipped the freezing blessedness against his tortured side. The bruise on his head was swell- ing. She wet towels and laid them against it, holding them there with cool, white hands. His lips were bleeding, and leaning over, she saw the marks of his teeth in them, and was sick with pity. She was crying and didn't know it, but in an inter- val of pain, Wade saw it, and smiled bleakly: "That fur coat- it let you in for a- lot of trouble," he whispered. And later, when she had slipped her arm beneath his head: "That's nice, dear. That's so nice. I've dreamed that you held me like that. I've dreamed-" And listening to him, Kathy knew LS-6E 