100 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine she sighed. "There's more than 'cause for divorce' in that girl's face." It was Bob who told it. Told of the stolen bonds, of Shiela's weak- ness and Kathy's sacrifice. And listening, totally unconscious even that she was doing it, Kathy buried the last ghost of her old hero- worshiping adulation, behind a sister's glowing pride. When he had finished, Helen stared about the tiny room for an instant, and dabbed, unashamedly at her rouged, mascara-streaked cheeks. "Some kids!" she said. "Some kids!" And going to Kathy, she kissed her. And then, smiling down at Wade: "I'm not such a bad egg, Wade, after all. We'll get our divorce, but we'll make it via Reno. I'm leaving to-night. Good- by, and take the happiness you deserve and I never gave you!" Then her car was tearing out toward the road, and Wade was holding out his hungry arms, and asking, eagerly, jealously, humbly, over and over again: "There's no one else but me, is there, Kathy? Tell me! Please tell me, darling, that I'm the only man you love! Please!" And Kathy was answering; crying, against his cheeks, against his lips, against his hair: "There's no one in all the world but you! There's never been any one in all the world but you! There never will be!" And Shiela, stum- bling from the room, pushing Bob before her, blinking at the tears that blinded her, knew with a happy, worldly wisdom, that what Kathy was saying was true. That, once real love comes to a woman's heart, all other loves are, as troubles are: Dreams that vanish with the day. STARS I SHALL snare the stars from the sky In a net of dreams-come-true- Silver stars, and golden stars, And stars that are palely blue- But I shall bring them, every one, When dawn springs up and the night is done, I shall bring them to you! And I shall say to you: "Now this Pale-blue star I will trade for a kiss; And this one, silver as frost on the pine, You shall wear, if you are mine For an hour, for a day, for a twelve-month gay- Bright, bright in your hair it shall shine! But this! this star of smoldering gold, It shall be yours, to have and to hold, It shall become of yourself a part, If you will place it and me in your heart! A. Leslie. 