114 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the hours previous that began to seem impossible and dreamlike to her. She felt as if it must have been some other girl who had rushed madly out in the night to try to res- cue Arnold Cranston and had only succeeded in getting herself dragged into difficulty. Occasionally her thought lingered for a moment on Arnold. She worried a little about him. And yet she knew that he had so often run afoul of the police during his drink- ing that it would probably be noth- ing new or alarming to him. In the evening she would get in touch with him, or he might even be waiting for her. Rhoda, of course, had saved her own skin. There was nothing there to worry about. But instead of going straight home as she had planned when her office hours were over, Sophia found Linden standing at her desk. "You're having dinner with me to- night", he said. "If you have any other arrangements, please call them off. This is important." There was something like fright in Sophia's eyes as she looked up at him. The earnestness of his voice had alarmed her. He didn't gen- erally speak to her that way. "Certainly- why, I'll be glad to!" she replied, not quite steadily. "Would you- could we stop at the apartment so I could change?" A little grin twisted Linden's lips as he looked down at her. The dark silk of her suit looked as fresh as the moment she had put it on. Her soft honey-colored hair waved beautifully under her trim little hat. "You look perfect as you are," he said. "Then that's all that's neccessary! On our way!" They drove uptown and along the Drive, where Sophia looked down on water that reflected a calm summer twilight sky. She remem- bered that other evening when they had been driving along there and had seen the blonde whose sharp anger had sent Linden home in a blue funk. Sophia wondered what that girl was doing on that evening, why Lin- den was out without her. Probably she had one of those swell dates that Linden so disliked in summer. They were threading their way through narrow Riverdale Avenue in Yonkers, and then up through wide and beautiful North Broadway and on to the open road. They drove miles without a word and yet there was no strain in the silence. Their companionship seemed to be the sort that had no need for words. It was an easy thing that blended well with a sum- mer evening after a hard day. Through Tarrytown and the roll- ing hills of Ossining. On to Har- mon and down a steep hill flanking the property of one of the former and well-known wives of a theatrical producer, to turn sharply right and bring up at the door of an inn around which the Croton River winds with lazy grace. There, with the car drawn close to the evergreens flanking the door, Linden dropped the evening paper, still damp from the press when they started, in Sophia's lap. "Seen it?" he asked. "No." "Better look at it then." Sophia opened it and stared at the front page. She felt the color draining from her face. "This" -she asked in a strained voice- "is what you brought me out here for?" 