80 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "I'm glad. It will make things easier," she said, seating herself op- posite him. She had put on a becoming red- and-white knitted sports dress. Jerry didn't comment on her ap- pearance, but his blue eyes held approval. "Your uncle sent for me early this morning. We had a nice chat about your future. Our future," he cor- rected himself. "That's good!" "You didn't let him suspect any- thing!" She looked at him sharply. Fear filled her heart. "Trust me, Serena. I let him do most of the talking. This is going to be one of the most wonderful ex- periences of my life. Your uncle has given me permission to use his lab. Isn't that an honor?" Then, in answer to the question in her eyes: "I've been trying to put across a little gadget of mine. That's why I went into this deal." "You've told me very little about yourself," she reminded him. "Didn't think you'd be interested. If I put this invention of mine over, it will mean everything to some one waiting for me back home. Some one I love very much," he added tenderly. "I understand," she murmured. Jerry was in love, and he hadn't told her. She had confided in him, and he had kept silent about his own affairs. She might have known that any man as nice as Jerry would have a girl. "I've bored you with my troubles, when you have plenty of your own. I do hope you can put your inven- tion across." "I'm being paid to listen to your troubles," he said with his appeal- ing, boyish smile. "Anyway, I haven't been bored." He was laughing at her. She rose with dignity. "You're making fun of my un- happiness. Just because you have some one waiting for you, to share your success, you make light of my misery. I- I wish I could die!" she cried, tears filling her eyes. He rose to face her across the table. "I wouldn't make light of your unhappiness, but I wish you'd for- get that cad you were engaged to. He isn't worth breaking your heart over." "He isn't a cad. You have no right to say that. you don't even know him. He married another girl because he owes it to his art to get ahead. He still loves me, I know he does." "And he turned down a love like yours for the sake of his art." He came around the table and took hold of her shoulders. "I want to be your friend, Serena." He bent his blond head and kissed her softly, full on her lips. "Just to seal our friendship," he said, not quite stead- ily. Serena put her right hand up to her lips. Jerry had kissed her! She had thought that Landell was the only man who could thrill her, and here she was trembling because Jerry had pressed his lips to hers. The knowledge made her angry with herself and with Jerry, who had kissed her merely as a friend, be- cause he loved another girl. "Never do that again," she de- manded. "A gentleman would re- spect our bargain." He smiled down at her. "Forgive me. You looked so lit- tle and sweet and unhappy." In a few days Serena realized that Jerry was avoiding her. She knew that he was spending most of his time in her uncle's lab in the base- ment. She stood it as long as she LS-5E 