The Friendliest Corner By MARY MORRIS Miss Morris will help you to make friends Miss Mary Morris, who conducts this department, will see to it that you will be able to make friends with other readers, though thousands of miles may separate you. It must be understood that Miss Morris will undertake to exchange letters only be-tween men and men, boys and boys, women and women, girls and girls. All reason-able care will be exercised in the introduction of correspondents. If any unsatisfac-tory letters are received by our readers, the publishers would appreciate their being sent to them. Please sign your name and address when writing. Be sure to inclose forwarding postage when sending letters through The Friendliest Corner, so that mail can be forwarded. Address Miss Mary Morris. Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. DOES the intangible glamour of footlights interest you? Then let Dancing Doll tell you about the many years she has spent on the stage. Her life is a series of colorful experiences; she has trav- eled in big and small towns, and stage life in Hollywood and Los An- geles is no novelty to her. Like all show people, she has a warm heart and extends the glad hand of friend- ship to those who want it. Girls, make friends with this little dancer! Dear Miss Morris: I am a girl of twenty-three, have blond hair, blue eyes, and a happy-go-lucky disposition. I am a dancer, and have been on the stage for eight years, although I'm not dancing at present. I can tell you many interesting facts about the theater world, girls. I have traveled a good deal, have danced in big and small towns, and know the show folks. You'll find me a true friend, Pals. I'll be glad to exchange snapshots, and will tell you all about myself. I'll more than ap- preciate your letters. Dancing Doll. An Irish girl in Singapore! Dear Miss Morris: I'm a seventeen- year-old Irish girl living in the Far East. I'm greatly interested in outdoor sports, singing, dancing, have an affectionate and sunny disposition, but I'm very lonely be- cause I haven't many friends. Won't some of you Pals write to me? I'll ex- change snapshots, picture post cards of China, stamps, labels, and anything else girls are interested in. Singapore Ella. Oklahoma Ben likes sports. Dear Miss Morris: You may not be- lieve it, but I'm really a very lonely young man of twenty-five. I am very fond of all sports, especially swimming, racing, dancing, and wrestling. I would enjoy hearing from college boys and any one else who would care to write to Oklahoma Ben. Does farming interest you? Dear Miss Morris: I'm sure many Pals will admit that although farming is interesting, there are many dull moments, 