Two In Love 135 lovely face flushed hotly. If her fastidious, conventional mother could see her now, she'd go into a heavy faint. But what, Eloise asked herself, did her mother know of the kind of love that flames up like a torch in the darkness, to warm the heart and carry one away with joy? His arm, which lay across the back of the seat, slowly slid down to her shoulder; his hand pulled her fox fur more closely about her face, and remained there. Eloise did not re- sent it. On the contrary, she felt a delicious tingle racing through her. The bus slowed down. Ahead of them lights blurred drunkenly in the thick fog. "Twenty minutes here for lunch, the driver an- nounced." They were the first to alight. In- side the little cafe it was cozy, warm and cheerful. They sat on stools before an immaculate lunch counter, and ate hot clam chowder, sand- wiches and coffee. "Delicious chowder!" exclaimed Eloise. "The best I ever ate," he de- clared. And Eloise, who had eaten the richest and most expensive foods in most of the famous hotels of Eu- rope, wished with all her heart that she might go on by this young man's side forever, eating in homy little inns, enjoying simple pleasures. The yearning in her heart became an ache. A deep, argent hunger to pos- sess and be possessed. "You haven't told me your name," he reflected suddenly, when they had drunk the last drop of steaming, fragrant coffee. "I'd like to know, because, you see, I can't let you go without some assurance that I can find you again. And soon!" he added fervently. "But I'm sailing for Hawaii next week," replied Eloise regretfully, and intentionally neglecting to give a name. She would have to think up one, she told herself nervously. "My restless lady wants to drink in the sunshine and grow slim on a diet chiefly of pineapple," she laughed. They were back in the bus again and moving slowly onward through a strange, eerie world, blanketed with ever-thickening fog, while well out from the shore line, the melan- choly sound of a whistling-buoy gave almost continuous warning to ships of the nearness of dangerously concealed rocks. "Another half hour and you'll be getting off," he announced ruefully, as if he, too, were affected by the peculiar loneliness of the dreary night. "Please trust me, and be- lieve what I am going to tell you. I never dreamed I'd be lucky enough to meet a girl like you. There are things I want to say that I can't say here. Would you mind if I stopped off at De Lake to-night and came to see you at your friends' cottage in the morning?" "I'd be glad to see you again in the morning," she answered, trying desperately to control the happy tremor in her voice. "If it isn't stormy we could have a round of golf, if you'd like. We can borrow my friends clubs. There's a tricky little course near by." "That would be wonderful!" he cried. "I'd better tell you my name now. It's Stephen McCready." And mine, fibbed Eloise, is Louise Morgan. Two hours behind schedule, they alighted stiffly from the bus. The sleepy night agent emerged from his tiny office and directed Stephen to the hotel. Then he picked up Eloise's bags and said he would take her down to the Hardings cottage. Grace and Jim Harding were pop- ping corn over red-hot coals in the 