lOr. <s, Commencement ei. &Caa cj '96. HIS PREN1*;>'T A> l> KU r IT I{ K . “GOD HELPS THEM WHO HElP THEMSF. VES” Vfilt. J5III. IJSDI7XJ9 IJTOOSWRIHIi |SOH®«h, OHRlilSIiE, PH., JdjHROp, IS96. JS0. S. PUBLT8Hh:L MONTHLY, IN THE INTSRE8T OF INDIAN EDUCATION AUD CIVILIZATION. The Mechanical Work Done by INDI »M BIITN. Terms: Fifty Cents a Year. Five cents a single copy. Mailed irregularly, Twelve numbers making a year’s subscription. Address all business correspondence to M. Burgess, CARLISLE, PA. Entered as second class matter in the Carlisle Ph. Pos* Office To civilize the Indian get him into civil- ization! To keep h'm so let, him stay! Indians unmassed and given individual chances in our civilization are no prob- lem. Feed the Indian to our civilization and it will assimilate hirn as easily as it does all aliens. Continued wholly in the experience of his tribes, the Indian will never sprout a sentiment against tribal conditions. Indians in tribes contribute nothing but trouble and expense to civilization. The Indian awav from tribal influences freely contributes to advance civilization. We find the only d fF rence between white children and Indian children to he language and lack of previous opportuni- ty, and that both of these are easily cor- rected. The special trend of our work at Car- lisle is that the Indians shall not be treat- ed as a people with such p culiar charac teristics as to require special laws and supervision. The nation receives and assimilates yearly 500,000 foreign emigrants from all lands, but through decade after decade fails to assimilate 250,000 Indians already here. Why? No feature in the In Han service is more economical than the Outing System, and nothing builds the In<lian out from his tribe into citizenship more rapidly and effectively. OUR GRADUATING EXERCISES, THE EIGHTH -AND- ANNIVERSARY EXERCISES, THE SEVENTEENTH A RED LETTER DAY FOR CARLISLE—IN SOME RESPECTS THE GREATEST OCCASION OF THE KIND IN OUR HISTORY. MANY DIST NGUISHEO VISITORS- son, Commissioner of Education for Alaska; Captain McK«*nnon and Mr. j Cabanos, of the Cherokee Commission; Attorney-General Stewart and other offi- cials of the State of Pennsylvania; Sen- ator and General J. P S G>bin, of the Pennsvlvania Senate and Militia; Rev. I)'\ Tennis Hamlin of Washington, and Dr Lemuel Moss of Woodbury, N J.; Mr. Willi-on G Fisher a'd George Vaux, .Tr , of Philadelphia; Judge Henderson with Clergymen and Profes-ors of Dick- inson Coll ge, and others of Carlisle, and other distinguished gentlemen from far and near, and took seats upon the plat form. America has always by force alienated her 250,000 native Indians, but has im- ported and assimilated millions of black savages, giving to them her language, in- dustries and citizenship. All success in civilizing the Indians de- pends on their being made able t" enpe with civilization. How is it possible for them to gain that ability except through experience, among civilized people? The Eighth Graduating Exercises of the School took place on Thursday after- noon, February 27, in the gymnasium. More than an hour before the time for opening the doors, residents of Carlisle and vicinity began to arrive by trollev, private conveyance and on foot When the doors were opened there were more than 2000 people crowding forward to se- cure sea's. It was necessary to reserve 1 000 *eat« for stude- ts and visitors from a distance, and all the u-hers could do with the peo- ple who were so anxious to tret. in. was to send them first tothe running ga'lerv and afterwards to that part of tin- house not reserved for guest8. It was a good- natured mult i- tude, and after securi u g the best places prac- ticable, m a i u- tained excellent order throughout the exercises. After the crowd had settled in place, the di.-tin- guished visitors marched in’, head* d by Gov- ernor Hastings, General O O. Howard, Senator Nelson, General Fitzhugh Lee, Frank Hudson Mark Woly James R Wheelock Johnson aetams (Pueblo* (Cherokee) (Oneida). (Chippewa). Joseph Martinez Louisa Geissdoby William Leighton Alice Parker . (grow). (Crow) (Crow). (Chippewa). A deli* Lowe (Siou*). Edward Spott (Puyallup). Delos Lonewole (Kiowa). ---- Sosie Davewkirt (Ottawt) Cynthia Webster (Oneida) Mark Penoi (Pueblo) Tmnis Hamlin, of Washington, led in a fervent prayer, and asked for grace to rec- ognize the unity of one blood and of one purpose. TheScho 1, accompanied by the band, then sang the Marseilles Hymn in a manner that stirr d the hearts of all. The graduation orations which fol- lowed. we print in full. These were in- terspersed by the solo “Judith,’* sung by Linnie Thompson, and James Flan- nery’s cornet solo, “My old Kentucky home,” by Masten. OUR TODAYS. KuBKRT JXCKSON, CHEHALIS Our todays are the standard bv which we are measured, and our character and influence are known accordingly. Though men see u-but once, they judge u- by « ha' they see. a word. a sign, a look, and all our future deeds may be colored in the light of a first impression. Our friends who know us most intimate- ly are nor more just in their estimation of our character. The one defect of our char Cor obliterates the ninety-nine virt- ues; the one act of which they disapprove blots otr the memo y of the many of which thev do approve. We must not let 'h“ conviction** of others hinder our prog- ress in J He. Wo must comfort ourselves in the thought that at least our God and o u r se 1 ves know thit we are progressing in 1 he right way. Wlien we sit down and c tint the pleas- ures, the inspira- tions, the possi- bilities and the virtues which are a part of our life, they blot out as they surely ou number the in i s t a k e s, the sonows and the defeats. We 1 e a r n wi-dora from failures much more than t' r o in success. Timothy Henry Robert Jackson Herman w hill (Tuscarora). (Chehalis) <<>n«*<la.» John Leslie Frank Cayod __(Puyallup) (Omaha) Leila Cornelius (Oneida). Cora Snyder (Seneca) LeRoy W. Kennedy (Screen) Leander CANSWORTH(Tuscarora) Elmer SiMON(Chlppewa). Julia ELMOREtDiggsr). Members of the House Indian Committee —Hon. J. S. Sherman, Chairman, of New York, Hon. George W. Wilson, of Ohio, Hon. I. F. Fisher, of New York, Hon. J. W. Maddox, of Georgia, Hon. George Pendleton, of Texas; Dr. Harris, United S'ates Commissioner of Education; Gen- eral John Eaton, ex-Commissioner of Ed- ucation; Judge W N. Ashman, of Phila- delphia; Chaplain C C. McCabe; D. M. Griffith, S -cretary of the House Indian Committee; Mr. Sla^r, Chief of the Fi- nance Divis on, Capt Dortch, Chief of the Educational Division, and Dr. Wo -s'er, of the Indian Office; Col. William C. Church, editor of the Army and Navy rournal\ Mr. Jas. B Wasson, of the New York Tribune; Dr. Sheldon Jack- Governor Hasting-*, General Howard, General Lee, Members of Congress and others were heartily recognized by the the audience as they catne in. Following this party came the students of the school, marching by twos; then the graduating class. (See picture.) Both the students and the class were also ap- plauded. The class motto: WP^ WILL GOON, was suspended over the ceutre of the hall. Promptly at two o’clock the band struck up the people’s favorite “Gipsy Lffe” by LeThiere, and the choir sang “Jerusa- lem,” by Parker. Tn this a solo was car- ried by Linnie Thompson. She was at her best and received well-deserved ap- plause for her effective rendition. Dr. We discover what will do by finding out what will not do; self-di-cipline, selt-con- trol are the beginnings of p>actical wis- dom: and these must have their r«>ot in self-respect, for self-respect is the noblest garment with which a man may clothe himself It is the most elevating feeling with which the miud can be inspired. The battle of life is fought up-hill; and if we were to win it without a struggle, th re would be no glory and honor in the accomplishment. If there were no diffi- culties, there would be no success. If there were nothing to struggle for, there *ould be nothing achieved. All experi- ences of life, indeed, serve to prove that the obstructions found in the wav of human advancement may, for the most part, be overcome by steady good couduct, activi- ty, perseverance, and, above all, a deter- mination to surmount all difficulties, and 2 st<nd up manfully against raisfortun . Bui indulging in a feeling of discourage- ment nevet help d anyone over a diffi- culty, and never will That. man who sits down to look at the difticul les that li^ ahe«d of him, will rievt'r go fur or high. H s intelligence and power of reaching ihe full rn-asure of the image in which he was created, de- pends entirely upon his ability to fo'get the p»st, and live in the tiiumph of the pres-nt. Yes: forget the difficulties of the past, and fight those of the present, for they are the mate-ial which, if over- come, forms our character, roun Is our education and experience, and assures us fame. Thing* which may at fir-t sight appear comparatively valueless in education, are really of the greatest practical value, not so much for the information which they yiel l, as because of the development which they compel. The mastery of them evokes effort, and cultivates powers of application which oi bet wise might have lain dorrnan . If we are imbued with the true earnest ness of desire ‘ to kill the Indian and s ve the mnn,” it must be a fight of each to- dav. The difficulties which oppose our progress must be ovenome at whatever cost, and the sun a cl -se of dav must not shine S' amefacedly on our back, but over 011 our weary but contented faces, firm set with a sweet smile of hop*-, of untiring Z“h1 and >eadiness to meet and overcome the difficulties which must confront us as they have confronted every race which in the early dawn of time star ed upward. Let us live our todays in such a manner that we will never ki ow what it is to wish for h day gone by. If we do nothing but wish, we will never accompli-li anything The desire must ripen into purpose and effort; and o e energetic attempt is worth alhousand aspirations. It has been beautifully stated bv Nicho- las Rowe, one of England's foremost poets of 'he eighteenth centnrv, that “The wise and active conquer difficulties by daring to attempt them; sloth and folly shiver and -hrink at, sight of toil and danger, and make the impossibilities they fear.” Shakespeare. Tennyson, Longfellow and Prescott would never have b^en ac- knowledged >\v the civilized world as masters in their arts, if they had been indolent and easily discouraged. Galvani, Volta, Franklin, Newton, Faraday, Morse. Harvey, Watt, S'evensou and Arkwright, never would have ne*u the promulgators and promot rs of the greatest industries and sciences of todav if they had not culti- vated qualities of patient application and perseverance. I hese and1 scores o? other men hewed their way through life, and came through tlie furnace of experience moulded men in the noolest sense of the word, whom their country need never be ashamed to call her sons Hut let these few familiar names which have been given serve to im- prf ss us with the vast importance of the value of every momen1 of our today. Let us aim, then, to u-e everv moment of our todays to such an advantage that we mav in a comparatively short time, dem- onstrate to the civilized nations that we a- Indians, made in the image of God, ate also possessed of all the endowments which he in His divine wisdom has given them to awaken and cultivate. Many centuries have witnessed the struggle people ha e been making towards this end, and what has been the result? Why, we have but t<> look abroad and at home and we see the different systems of government, the great insti utio s of learning, and the great industries and manufactories. It is evident from the e facts that the people living in them are civilized, they have become so by intense effort. We too lo k forward to th« time when we shall be able to conquer all that they have conquered, and possess all that tney now p >sses« in civilization, and then the Indian problem will be but a thing of the past, vanished and gone also to the happy huuting grounds Whatever thing w~ may wish to do, let us do it to-dav, this moment. If we de- sire happiness, we must not wait for it We must take it to-day. If we are going to enjoy the good things which God give- us, we must enjoy them to-day, even though they be simply the boon of fresh air, pure sunshine, sparkling water, and the beautiful blue sky. Julius Caesar said in his famous mes- sage 10 the Roman Senate, “I came, I saw, I conquered.” Let us say—“I awoke, I felt my ho-sibilites, I developed them. Behold—God gives me success.” INDIAN GIRLS AS TEACHERS. CYNTHIA WEBSTER, ONEIDA. We are convinced that each year there is a great advancement amongthe Indians in their education and civilization ; but as a people they are far below the whites of this country in their general intelligence and mode of living They enjoy very few of the comforts and none of the luxuries which are the pride and boast of their more fortunate neighbors. Winn we speak of the education of the Indians we mean that comprehensive sys tem of training *nd instruction which will convert them into American citizens, put within iheir reach the blessings, which the other race enjoys, and enable them to compete successfully with toe white, on his own ground and with his own methods Education is something through which the rising generation of Indian \outh are brought into fraterml relationship with their fellow citizen- and with them enjoy the delights of social intercourse, the ad vantages of travel, tog- ther w ith ' hepleas ure and development that come from the siudy of litera ure, science and phi losophy. . . The purpose of the government is to give all the Indian youth of school age, who can be reached a proper training. There is an urgent need among them fora • •lass of leader- of thought such as lawyets, physicians, pre chers, teachers, editors aid irogtessive, trained workers, who know how 10 work and have the inclina- lion The majority of the Indian hoys and girls p-rhaps will not desire a college training, hut the few who obtain it will be of great help to th* ir people. We feel that in us are he same endow- ments of mind and heart that other races possess, that they wait only the touc t of culture and the opportunities for exercir-e, that they may manifest themselves. Properly educated the Indians can give ju-t as valuable and worthy service a» teachers, or in other work, as that given by any race. We all know that the education of the In-Sian girls, who have taken the course of teactiii g is far below that of their white sisters and brothers who areengaged hi the same field. All, with few excep- tions, have not even reached the high schools of this country. They are sent out only among the schools of their ow n •ace, and why? Isn’t it the lack of edu- cation that keens them from entering white schools as teachers? They musi fi’St, receive a b oader training and exp- ri- ence in dealing with youth before they may hope f*r a wider field of labor. Carlisle has a Normal Training Class which is open to ihe boys and girls of the higher grades. A great manv have tak- en advantage of this and those who have b eu sent to other schools as teachers have shown by their success that they have marie the best use of his excellent opportunity. Some have failed through difficulties they have met, and most, of these failures have been in the r- servation day schools. Children from these schools do not gain much in i heir studies because of their In diau speaking at home, wh'-reas if they were not allow d to speak their own lan- guage, more could be done f-r their ad- vancement by the teachers sent to them. Whv is Carlisle successful in this par ticular? I<-n’t it due to its insistence on F nglish speaking? I think a large share of the succ ss com- s from that, and we are thankful that there are schools that do not allow the Indian language to be spoken. Another difficulty is that t'ey have not ihe appliances which the laige'r government schools have, making it diffi- cult for the teacher to illustrate that w hich lias not come into the Indian child’s experience. There are many other difficulties which the Indian girl as a teacher must meet, so those who hav- been more fortunate in th- ir education must not blame those who are not fully successful. A white girl who had received as little educa'ionas a Carlisle graduate would very likely fail, if placed under the same circumstances. There is not a teacher here who has not had a very much higher education than the students who graduate from the school thevare teaching. A person wno undertakes to teach must first have knowledge and then experience in imparting it. betoie lie can be able io i istruct rnos-t successfully those who are under him. I have had a little experience in teach- ing, and I find that what I have studied 'most has been stored in my mind, and I c->ngiveir to the pupils so much more easily then if I had just looked it up be- fore coming to the class. Success comes noi only through the books they have studied but teachers must have tact and judgment as well. The Indian girls who have been s»nt to different Indian schools as teaclurslack a great deal in judgment, because they have not had expecei.ce and time to culti- vate that useful quality. People who have tact and judgment are more succ-ssful in the work i hey have undertaken than thos,e who lack it — we must have that in order to succeed in our teaching. Those of us who may go out from here as teachers perhaps have nor thought of the trials «e may meet, but it is our purpose to give the best that is in us, and make the path smoother for those who may follow. “We will go on” is our motto, and it is our de1 ermination to make our work, whatever it may be, a success. OUR DEVELOPMENT A NECESSITY. DELOS LONE WOLF, KIOWA. Today, when the diffusion of civilization among the Indiaus has become the object < f general attention, and when efforts are being made on an extended scale io carry the blessing of education into the lowest dwelling- of poveity and savagery, does it not become * specially the duty of jou who are blessed with Christianity and civlization to direct jour energies to th ir advancement? Cultivate th * minds of our long neg- hcied people and expand the intellectual faculties, which the Almighty lias un- doubtedly bestowed upon us for good and noble purposes, that we ay employ them under the regulating influence* of Chris- tian principles. Whiie alone in my room not many days ago, f inquired of my.»elf “Has education produced anv effects upon the minds of ihe Indians?” A brief silent meditation was sufficient to convince me that education has broad- ened the thoughts and feelings of the Indians, and has instilled in them nobler, purer and higher ambitions. Take for instance an Indian on a mod- ern western reservation. It is difficult for him to carry his thoughts b yund the limits of his horizon; consequently lie has no s.\ mpathy nor regaid for the out- side world He has no ambition to rise above the surroundings as long as there is nothing to inspire him to higher aspir- ations, nay, he can not rise until educa- tion shall lift him out of the pit, and make him find his place in the world. If the ludiau is going to be a man he must leave his prison, the reservation, to compete with the world and show to it “what and not who he is.” Once outside breathing the air of civili- zation and edu- ation b* gins the work on h'S mind, lie will rise to his pioper place which the All-wise One imeuded he should occupy. He will then see thal there is a wide and great nation beyond hi- sphere of existence The world will enlarge itself as he advances. To him this will mean a great deal; naturally he will value imellectual and moral training, but more will lie desire his h< art enlaiged to its uttermost capa- city when he shall learn the lesson of love and see that 4 no man liveih to hiuuseli.” If be remains in the reservation the powers of his mind will remain forever unknown. To me the uneducated mind is like a marble in the quany which shows none of its inherent neau'ies until the skill of the pobsher brings out the hues, makes the surface shine, and reveals every vein which run- through it. Education after the same manner, when it works on a noble mind, draws forth to vi> w every latent virtue which without such help would remain fotever unseen What sculpture is to a block ofmaible, education is to the human mind. Tne figure is in the stone and the sculp- tor finds it, only by removing and clear- ing of the rough surface. The philosopher, ihe saint, the wise, the good or the great man is hidden in the Indianism which proper education can bring to light. With all these pos-ibiiities in view let us go forth with firm determ nation to reach the highest place possible. We ate all charged with the sacred duty of self improvement, and to the p oper performance of this high duty nothing is more essential than an ac- quaintance with ours Ives; s-'ch acquain- tance as can be bad only by comparing our present charac er wi n the original condition of our natures and by b ing apprised of the deceitfu Iness and infi m- i ies of our hearts. We also shall be called upon to operate upon the mind- of others W« shall have occasion to guide and influence the minds of our younger brot ers and sisters. Look about through the Western res- ervations and think of what material iheir population is for th- most pan com posed. It is not a lifeless mass, they are not animated machines, but they are rational and spiritual beings Tbete is not a mind that is not capable of making progress in useful knowledge; and no one can presume to tell or limi ihe - umber of those who are gifted with all the talents required for the noblest discoveries The\ have naturally all the senses and faculties possess-d by Newton, Franklin and Fulton I do not say in so high a oegree, but who shall say in no degree? But little is needed to awaken evevy one of those minds to the active exercise of its wouderful powers, but this little generally speaking, is indispensable. How much more wonderful an instru- ment is the eye than a telescope! Nature has furnished the eye, but art must con- tribute the telescope, or the wonders of the heavens would remain unknown. It is for want of this little, which hu man genius must add to the wonderful innate capacity for improvement that by far the greater part of the intellect per- ishes undeveloped and unnoticed. To meet the demands of life and become ac ors in t- e world’s progress, we must be taught to earn our living “by the sweat of our brows.” The infinite Being has seen fit to make labor the condition of men, and he ha- so formed ihe body that it cannot long enjoy health wi hout work Man is naturally indolent and ne must be made to love labor. S- me so-called Ctiristians are help- ing the Indians to commit suicide by en- couraging them to remain on their reser- vations. The\ are forcing the I ndiat s to be idle by holding them in their- tribes, and it is idleness which depopulates the Indian lands. It is not human nature to esteem or even to bear patiently with the man who is dependent upon O' hers. But the Indian musi be as-isted, b cause he is forced to be idle Labor alone can make him a self- supporting and an independent man Many who are now occupying places of infimnce and usefulness, have fought their way up from poverty by their la- bor. What others have done, Indian-) can do if developed physically, intellectually and morally. When an acorn falls on an unfavorable spoi and decays there, we know the ex- tent of i lie lo-s: it is that of a tree like l he one from which it fell, hut when the in- tellect of a rational being, for want of culture fails toa'tain the great ends for which it was created, it is a loss for time and eternity wnicn no man can measure. It is a difficult and perilous task to de- velop a man physically, intellectually and spiritually, but God will ble-s every effort and crown everv exertion with suc- cess. THE INDIAN—A MAN. ELMER SIMON, CHIPPEWA. The marked distinctions that character- ize man from the beast lie in his endow- ments of body, miud and heart. Indus- try, cou age, resolution, w ill-power, intel- ligence, sagacity, piety, fidelity,morality, generosity and love, these are some of the inh rent qualities with which God en- dows every mau, irrespective of race or c ^°r\ Hence tli<- pos essiou of ihese qualities to a distinctive degree, charac- terizes the human race from the low- ran- imals And it makes little difference in wh it place or of wh it race a child is bo>n, he posse.-scs all these qualities in embryo, for God—beii g no respecter of perso. sj and cettainlv not of races,—has wisely created all men equal in this respect Ye , notwit standing this truth, there are in,any who do not even.admit the*li>- dian into God’s family—the human race, to say nothi. g of their prejudiced id. a* of his infeiiority. In his savag state, because he tried to oelend the r-gions w herein God and na- ture had placed him to live and enjoy the fruits thereof, lie was pronounced good only when dead. And no v, jn his de- graded sta e, because his efforts to strug- gle out of a miry pit of ignorance, super- stition and degradation are yet feeble, ihe cry “H-- i- incapable of development” is often echoed the world over by press and platform. But it all comes from those who doubt the endowments of the Red Man as a man and who accept, as a truth that the In- dians were simply a race of brutal sav- ag- s doomed by God to perish when civ- ilization approached. Of a truth, it does seeui the “conscience to cast mud on the character of one” whom we know we h.ve wronged But is the Indian a real man like oth«r men, gifted with the same endowments? Or has G"d slighted him? Let us first gl an from what we know of the Red Man the traits ol true tvanhood he poswes-es l’wo hundred and eighty years ago when your forefat hers landed upon the shores ol America, the -moke of the council fir^s of a hardy, a noble and happy race mse in ev> r.y vallev b- tween the Hudson and “The Land of Flowers,” the A lautic and “The Father of Waters.” This vast con- tinent they held as an undisputed posses- sion sacretlly entrusted to their car--, as they believed, h_v the Gre>t Spirit. Throughout the land everything was held in common ; their bosppality and gener- sity rendered hospitals and po r-houses unnecessary; their civilit. and integrity required no the aid of p >1 ice forces and prisons to preserve or er; and their own self-respect and respect for others induced them to obey the cou sels and carry out the orders of their sachems. Wi li” these as the predominant principles of a people’s life, can we doubt the staiement that the Indians w ere like all of Nature's creatures, a free, ind*pendent and happy race? No. For then being ignorant of modern vice, the Red Man was the noblest i\pe of heathen manhood—he was indee’d Nat- ure’s nobleman. His life of morality and piety re- vealed his belief in a Great Spirit and • ope in immortality: his eloquence in couucil betrayed a good memory and a quick intellect, while fortitude, courage, resolution and sagacity were manifesied in the lives of King Philip, Black Hawk, Tecumseh, and a host of others Braver men never fought their people’s battles; truer men never drew the bow. They shrank from no hardships, they feared no dangers, and couuted it joy to die for ti'Hir people. This is not the m*-re fancy "f a school boy, intended to delude t»\ disguising the fauits of my people. They were as Carv- er well said au«t as the «hole world knows oo well, “cruel, harba ous and re- veugeiul in war. sanguinary in their treat- ment of prisoners, sparing neither age nor SeX ’ But on the other hand they were socia- ble and humane to their friends, ready to share wi h tliem iheir Iasi morsel of lood or t<> suffer and die in their defence, mid both the lestimo i. s of jourown people and mine unit*" in confirming the fact tnat. they were a noble, tiappy race, and not simply brutal savage*. Shill wo theu >>r can we declare such a r;«ce lacking in the qualities and virtues of true manhood ? Nav. We must admi (1) That if manly qualities and virtues are gifts of God t'hev are not exclusively dist'ibu ed, ut universally found ininan, every where from the heights of civiliza- tion down to the very depths of savagery; (21 That if true dignity consists not i't mere outward appearance.- or even in illustrious nirths, bui rather in the higher endo* ments of the mb d and heart, true viriue tiirives and lives just as well in rags and patches of poverty and buffalo hides and buckskins of t-avagery as it does in the purple robes of tne throne and the liuen and laces of aristocracy; 3) Thai if virtue is virtue in the white man, virtue is nothing else but virtue in the , R d Man. Your forefathers were cordially wel- comed a* guests, brothers and even Gods, with great hospitality, and the Indian re- mained as their b st friend until their own dangerous intentions betrayed them. When i his right of friendship was forfeit- ed, hut not until then did the Indian as their merciless foe, attempt to drive the ptlefices as dangerous intruders, away from his home and resources of livelihood. And who, even today, would not be justi- fied in such attempt? Loyal y to ins c untiy, his friends, his home, his family aim io his plighted faith, the hope of in- suring t he fm ure welfare of his children w 11om he pa«siona eiy loved, and the de- si e to secure happiness to his posteri y, wer- the burniug motives which promp - ed him to risk his life. And who, bur a worthless c 'Ward would not fight for such honorable causes? Y- t, because of this only, many can see no g-od iu the Indians. >'hey atuibute the vices of savagery without admi1 ting the virtues of the same. But if as savages they forgave not injury, as men, they never forgot kindness. If we oespise them because of their terrible venge»u« e, see if we cau no* recall scores of in-tances wiiere the unconquerable fidelity and generosity of a “Squanto” has saved our people from sfarvat i<»n or death If we would withhold from them the virtue of love because oeath ended not t heir hatred, let us remember too, that when justly treat* d as all men ought to be, the love of a Quaker’s devoted friends stopped not on i ms side of the grave, but “*ill live” a- they said “iu love with the children of William Penn while the sun and moon shall shi> e.” We cannot withhold from these people the qualities and virtues of true manhood and simply identify their nam s with merciless brutality alone But wo ere are these villages and wig- wams? These tribes and families ? These warriors and hum era? The breezes of the Atlantic no longer fan a single region which the Red Man may call his o* n. Wniiher then has he gone? where is that noble race of men? Ah! they have perished. And were wasting pestilence, famine and war <he only causes of th ir destruc i*>n? They have owned no tele- graph, employed no press reporters *nd published no books. Who, then, knows the tragedy ot their three hundred years of lingering ruin? True, a fragment of the sad story of their melanchely fate may be found in the book app opriately titled “A Century of Dishonor,” but no pen cau write, no mortal longue can utter, words that would fitly characterize the treatment of a rich and powerful nation to a handful of helpless people. The retarding and degrading reservation system of today is a legitimate result of the policy the Government has employed in its dealings with the Red Man. And the surtounding influences of the reserva- tion ha'e sunk him far down into the depths of a stagnant pool which hi-fore- fathers never knew. The con1 aminating vices of civilization have eaten into his heart's core. Yet the results wrought on the offspring of these deg nerau s by some present policies further proves that the difficulty has not been entirely with the Indians, but, with the Government. Away, then, with the prejudicial idea, that because of some physical and organic constitutional differe.ee, “The Iudian is incapable of development.” Where his environment has changed, the results have been accordingly. Hence, environment only has made, makes and will make the differ- ence. Born and developed in the midst of Caucasian civilization, you become a civilized man. Born and developed iu the midst of Chinese conservatism, you be- come a Chinaman. Born and raised on a reservation, you bee une an Indian, the scum of the earth. Born in a log cabin in the backwoods, sunouuded by hard necessity, developed iu t he midst of elevattn^ influences, liv- ing and contending with peers and the existence of slavery, make- an Abraham Lincoln. B rn in a despised slave’s hut, a fugitive from unjust laws, subject to the contempt and scorn of a superior race, and tne result is a Frederic Douglas. Born in a squalid wigwam, rai-ed »nd developed in an intellectual Boston, in a Christianiz- ing Brooklyn, and in an euterpi ising, though wicked Chicago, and the offspring of a d gr ded race an Apache Indian, be- comes a Dr. Carlos Montezuma. Ah! Auulo-kSaxons, “A man’s a man for a’ tnat, for a’ that.” PRESENTATIOnIf" DIPLOMAS. GENEK4L ». <». HOW4KO The graduating classes of Carlisle have all been greatly favored in receiving their diplomas from the hand* of men of emi- nence. The Class of ’96 were not behind the others, in having General 0. 0. How- ard so well-known iu our land. General Howard addressed the class most feel- ingly. He s^id in part: Young People of the Graduating Class: Elmer Hiuiou lias given an idea to me of my compiexton. I have in me the blood of man> races, but I believe I »m really call, d an Anglo-Saxon. 'I remember once while at oue of our Forts I was brought before a Cuief, who made very much the same sp ech as our young friend nas just made He went over all of tne wr<>ngs of the Indians, and how he had tried to remedy these wrongs, but he said, “My people continue to diminish.” I remember once an old Iudian said to me: “General Howard, you seem to think that the Indians aie all alike.” “Well,” I said to the Indian Chief, •‘don't think that the white men are all alike.” [Applause and laughter ] I said to him on that great occasion when we were making peace: “In this country we have a vast number of friends of he Indian people,and we have many enemies of the Indian people, but the friends of the Indians are just now in the lead, and I have beeu seut out as their representative to make peace.” I remember once coming into a little station on an Indian r. ser vaiion, and I saw sitting on the bench au o>d Indian whose name was Santos; he was a fine looking man. As I looked at him, I thought that his head was very much like that of Henry Wilson’s, wno wa-a Senator and afterwards Vice President of the United States; his head was about as large. The Indian chief had very poor clothing on, scare. ly any, and whiie I looked at him this thought came to m , and this is the way I pui it. Au interpre er w«s stand- ing by me, aud r said to him: “Say to Santos, 1 have a father up yonder;” aud he said it to him. I said, “Now say to him that your father aud my father are one." He said that. Then I said, “Santos, if you and I have the same lather, we must be brothers.” The old Indian got -.p from his bench aud put hi- hand iu mine, aud wilh tears running down hi- cheeks, said: “We are brothers.” From that time on to the day of his death I never had a more devoud friend. Now my young people, you are going forth from this School, many of you back to your people S metimes there is a little feeling: What a pity it is to go back, what a pity ! 1 will tell you of a young man at Howard University. His mother did washing all the time to earn money to keep him in the University un- til he graduated. He had an excellent intellect aud he had a large heart. After he got nis education, do you think he despised his mother? No, no, he was proud of her, aud she was present when he graduated. Our fathers and our moth* rs may have had a hard time and gotten very little education, and they may not attain what we have been able to, but don’t let us think that education is everything! When T heard you children speak here, you don’t knowhow o.uch I enjoyed it Some years ago there was a Chief at the head of the Chippewas who were at war with the Sioux. It was war between Indian and Indian. While at war, this Chief was converted to Christianity, and became a good Christian. Then he loved the Sioux, and did all he could for them. Now that is ttie whole of it. If God i- wMthin me I am stronger than any man against me. If the Lord is my strong- tiold, I am stronger than others Let that thought go out with you,my childr n and you cannot go back io degradation. Go and lift your fathers and mothers up, aud may God tiles- you and go with you and protect you, and help you in any en- deavor yon think is for a higher plane of civilization! The long - worked - for diplomas, were then handed to each member of the cla-s, as they stood on the floor facing the plat- form, after which the class retired to their »eats amid great applause. Capt. Pratt. We have on this platform ex-Gnvern- ors ana Governors; exGeueials and Generals, Judg. s and so on, and I am go ing to call befoie you several of them. [Applause] It is a peculiar thing that i" this gr»at Key-t* ne State of PeuLsyl- vania wuere oue of the first and g. eatesi aud best agreements was made with th- Indiausand held on to and remembered by bom sines the longest, ibis Carlisle Schooi snould have been established by a me^e accident, and I want to say, having been Superintendent of it always, that P< nu- syivauia has been just as kind aud help- ful to the cause of the Schooi as possible, aud that that kindliness and htipfuluess has added wonderfully to its success iu every way. Hence it is peculiarly pleasant aud gratifying io me to-day that we have present ai these ceremonies tue great Governor of this great State— [Applause] the Keystone Governor of ihe Keystone Sia;e. I have greatest pleasure in introducing to you Governor Daniel H. Hastings. Governor Hastings. Ladies and Gkntlkmen: This is a great day for Pennsylvania; a great day for this couutry; a grea. day for these boys and gi< is attending this school; a great day for Captain Pratt, the pioneer in this great work. It is a great honor to thiuk that iu this little village of Carlisle ■here is such an institution, which is solving the North Ameiican Iudian problem. I am glad you are here this afternoon; glad to h*ve you witness these interesting exercises; glad to have you join with me iu welcoming these distin- guished gentlemen silting before me; ^lad to have the head of the Educational De- partment of tnis country here this after- noon to see what Captaiu Pratt and his Indian boys are doing in the village ol Carlisle; glad to see this old soldier, Gen. Howard here [Applause]; glad to see the entertaining Chaplain McCabe with us this afternoon ; and we extend our right hand to greet Gen. Lee [Applause], who was here befoie,! have heard. [Lauguter.] We gave him a right warm welcome then; we give him a warmer welcome now [Ap- plause.] We sent our people down to re- turn his call iu his good state of Virginia, aud they gave us a warm reception, and uow we are tiyiug to outdo ourselves to give him a much waimer welcome in the city of Carlisle. General Lee and General Howard tomor- row with their friends will go over the field of Gettysburg They will recall the scenes and recite remiuiscenses of thirty years ago; they will c*ll to mind the noble men who fell in iliat fierce struggle, and they will see in the m< numents er< cted to their memory the story of the past; they will know that this North American Republic of ours is to be one country wilh one flag, aud all the people of the north aud south, east and west will join in the sentiment that the star spangled bauner forever shall wave over “the land of the free and home of the brave.” [Applause.] I was greatly touched wilh the sugges- tion made by one of the splendid young orators, I think the next to the last oue, who referred to the example so long ago extended by the founder of our Common- wealth— William Penn, who, he stated, set the example to Christian people of this country in extending the right hand of fe lowship to ihe aborigines, to tho.-e who were here before he came; and there is a touching sympathy and lesson in the suggestion, for upon this very spot where we are assembled to day, and wh -ie we behold these hundreds of boys aud girls in this school, long ago, in 1755, Willi.m Penn gave this land upon which we st*nd for the purpose of erecting a fort to pro- tect the settlers from the ludiaus What a splendid thought it is uow that that fort, or the site of that fort has been turned iuto an institution for the care, education aud elevatiou of the Indians! How proud I am, as Chief Executive for the time being of this great Common- wealth,to know that at last we are to extend on au equality our hand to these boys and girls. In Pennsylvania aud all over the country we raise millions of dollars every year to build churches and school houses; and we send our money abroad to educate aud Christianize the heathen; that is all- right. L~t our churches found their guilds aud their societies aud their sewing circea. Let that good work go on ; aud let people imagine a war between this country aud Great Britain, and pray, (tiny are praying; that such an event shall n* ver happen, while others are trying to fiud out just where an unknown line is located down iu Venezuela. L ave this question to itself, but let us talk of the country where these boys and girls come from, and let us und rstand further that they are boys aud girls, they are children; they are Uncle Sam’s children [Applxuse], and )e your representative in the United States Government, wherever he may be, let him help to put his hands a a ay down deep among the dollars in the United Siaies Treasury to get the money to build schools like this all over the country, aud remember ibat charity itself begins at home. Mv tune is up. [Applause.] Capt. Pratt. I take the greatest possible pleasure in introducing to this Carlisle audience, this Pennsylvania audience, a m^tu who was here thirty years ago,aud w o burned these buildiugs so that they might be re-built in better shape, and w’lio so stirred up things in the town that everybody re- members him. General Fitzhugh Lee, ex-Goveruor of Virginia. General Lee. . Ladies and Gentlemen; I am glad to have an opportunity to return your cordial greeting. You may ha^e seen from your position that the Governor of this great State of Pennsylvania was flanked upou the one side by the great State of Maine, and on the other by the State of Virginia, and I wish to say io you here that if it is necessary to protect tne policies of the American Republic, and the Governor of the State of Pennsy lvania goes to fill his canteen in the waters of the Oron-.co in Veuezuela, aud has Maine upon one side of him, he shall have Vir- ginia upon the other. [Applause.] The welcome that I have r. ceived here iu Carlisle deeply touches my heart, be- cause I am '-atisfied it springs from yours; aud had I musical talent like some of ihe Indian pupils here, I should be very glad to sing ibat famous old song “Should old acquaintance he forgot and never be brought to mind?” [Applause.] As I rise here to talk to this audience under the blue sky which beams above your beautiful valley, many events of au eventful life crowd before me. When I left my Alma Maier at West Point, I came here to perform my first duty as a young otticr of Cavalry of ihe United States Army. I drilled recruits upon this parade ground necessary for the pur- pose of discipline aud to give the military education necessary to go into the Army of the United States. Later I was order- ed to Texas upou the western fromier, and there became acquainted with the red rovers of the western prairies. It became my fortune to get iuto a combat with the Indians, aud to-day I bear a scar upon my persons from tne fast flying arrow of a Comanche. I also witnessed upon those western prai- ries a p* ivona! combat between a pale face and a red ma". They wert* alone away ■* ut on the prairie I took a g eat deal of iuteiest in that com oat., and sometimes t*re Indian was down and so,n times Hie C»vnlry officer \v»n down, a d sonieti es neither. Fortune ft put hung i the bal- ance up n one and then up >n the Oliver. The Indian iu the mis'ortun • of war was kii ed, and the pale f ice comeg here to- day 4 feeling happy to notice tne great change that lias mine <>ver the cminiiy in the treatment of the Indian-, and to com- pare their p-ace, prog'es* and prosperity today with whit it was when [ was on tlte western prairies of Texas. Later on, the red ba tie ax of war was raised, wit h the cannon roaring through tins valley, and riflet' flashing. It then b' came my fortune to c me past this town on my way to the battle field of Gettysburg It also became my fortune to ask ihe commanding officer of this town to surrender the town, and he de- clined. That question one way or the other would have been settled next day, had I not received orders to move on to Gettysburg. When I was here as a United Siates Army officer I received a warm welcome at the fire sides of your people, which I have not forgotten. But wi eu I came h* r*- as a rebel officer of the civil war, I dare sa; you would have taken my life or disowned me; but that is war I went down into (he town today and saw a great many of my old friends and former acquaintances, and I was not Governor Lee or General Lee, but Fitz, just as I was when Charley May was Superintendent of the Recruiting Station at Carlisl . Once while my skirmish line was mov- ing up town, a Soldier went into a house, because it was daik, and brought out a photograph, and said, ‘ General, here is your photograph that I found upon a ta- ble in a house in this town.” I was telling the S'ory today, aud a gentleman said: “That is my photograph It was at my house ihat you got it, and I want it back.” So I will send it back. Thai is peace. When I was here before it was war. Everything has chunged. and I believe with Governor Hastings that it is a great country ; and it is out duty to support this great flag and make it the glory of Amer- ica and a blessing to humanity. [Ap- plause] If we are to have a common country, common laws, a common flag, we must all do our full share toward building up this great Republic. I got into a linle difficulty with the United States some years ago, and as a mark of that d fficnlty, I have a scar on my person given me by the bullet of a federal soldier, and I have another scar that I g »t when defending the flag in Texa-«. The United States Congress is here to day by its representatives; the Indians are here today, and I have survived my trounles with both and am here today to testify to the great pleasure I have de- rived from seeing the progress made by the Indian race and to bea>* mv humble tribute to the crown which has been placed up >n tlte brow of Capt. Pratt and his assistants, each je*el of which sparkles with sunees* [Applause J One hundred and forty-one years ago this was an Indian outpost to protect tne early settlers in Pennsylvania from the hostile tribes of Iudiaus, but under the policy which I believe was first inaugu- rated by Winfield Scott Hancock, the superb, all that has been cnanged, and today this is an Indian Sebool f >r tne purpose of placing the height of civiliza- tion upon the brows of the red men and making them useful members of society and useful citizens of the Republic. I rejoice th it there is rust on the toma- hawk I rejoice 'hat the rifles of the pale face no longer flash in Indian warfare. I am glad to be her- to witness this scene today. Now, to you people of Carlisle; to you gentlemen, som ■ of whom I have met upou the hard fought field of battle, I am satisfied that I endorse the sentinv nt of the Houth when I say that the South re- joices in the peace, prosperity and prog- ress of the country, and that if war should ev> r take place iu the iuteres s of ! i In I nit. d States, f e South will b*- found tin the vanguard of that Army wnos. po^er and in sihiy tread -nail ‘>e neard in j l he defence of these iiuere-ts, and • lie S'lit hern p op e will he founn in t he van «'f ' llO-e Who desire tO see this great Government’s inter sis preserved, the ureatest ihat has ever heen organized to p otec the liberties of the free. [Ap- plause J Capt. Pkatt: It would not do to have Chaplain M'* Cahe on the platform and not hear from him in some way. [Applause.] T call upon Chaplain McCabe: h<- may laik or sing or do boi h. <'haplain McCabe then sang the Battle Hymn of the Republic after which there v* ere many cries for a spe> ch. He said : I don't think that I ought to say auy thing, but I will say one thing and that is this: We have cheered everybody to- day wno has cpokeu; we have cheered C«pt Pratt, and we would like to cheer him a thousand times more, but I think »e ought to cheer Mrs. Pratt now [Great cheering.] No man could ever do what t e Captain has done without a good wife [Laugnur ] Chaplain McCabe then call- ed ou Mrs. Pratt and Mrs. Hasiing* to come on the platform, and then said: “They will not eome, they are too mod- est.” Capt Pratt. I want before we close this meeting to introduce to you a gentleman who stands at the very head of all education iu this country to speak a few minutes ou the subject of education, but before I do that I am asked to do two things. We liMd a little scene last night in the Chapel; an Apache Iudian related something about the Apaches. He is sent tiere from Chi cago to write wtiat occurs here for a great Cnic go paper. He has b* en out from the reservation browsing around in civili- zation uutil he is full of ii and it has made a civilized man of him General Howard met his lather uuder peculiar circum- stances out west, and there are those here who want to see him again. I ask him to Come ou the platform to shake hands with General Howard. Antonio Apache, just walk right up here. Antonio A pache steps on to the platform. General Howard: I want you to see for yourselves that he is a taller man than I am. His fath- er was a taller man than I, too, and his father spar> d my life so I will spare his. I want to say that we d'dn’t understand him last nuht. What he wanted to say was that he desired to make his own liv- ing like a man. God bless him aud help him to do it. Then Antonio Apache again took his seat at the teporter’s table. Capt. Pratt: Now the ladies must be pleased as well as the gentlemen, aud they have asked Chaplaiu McCabe to sing another song. Cbaplaiu McCabe sang “Papa, what will you take for me?” Capt. Pratt. 1 know the p-ople in this audience would like to see those who bring the sinews of war to make this Carlisle School go, and the Chairman of the House Committee is present. . lthough he spoke last night and some ofyouheatd him, I have asked him to say just a few words m ire. H<>n. James S. Sherman, of the House of Representatives of the United S ates, from the State of New York. Mr. Sherman. Mr. Superintendent, Ladies and Gentlemen, and my Brothers and Sisteks from the West: I Applause.] Standing upon this platform this after- noon, surrounded by the wisdom of the couutry as represented by the United States Senate, aud by the weight of the country as represented by the Hou«e of R> presentatives; by education and learn- ing of ' he country as represented by the Commissioner of Educat ion ;by the mighty Keystone State as represented by your magnificent Governor; hy the military of the country typified here today as it is by the gray and the blue, the blue and the gray; I felt as did the Irishman in the Wes ; and may be you don’t know how J lie felt. Th'-re were two of them, and Pat was at the boiiom of a well, filling a bucket, and McCarty was at the top t urning t lie handle to draw up the bucket The rope broke and the bucket fell to the bot- tom MeCarty at the iop was fearful ihat Pat was a dead Irishman, aud so looking over he gelled to him: “Pat, are \ez dead?” And batik at once came the answer from Pat: ‘•Well, I am not, f-ilt, but spachless!” And so I feel speechless, but I do want to say one word on two subjects. Fir.-t upon the subj cr, previoii-ly alluded to by the entertaining Chaplain. We in all our eulogiums here have overlooked wo man’s work so far a-* civilizing <he Indian is concerned, aud while I do not w*nt, Captain, to detract from the credit to which you are entitled, I do want to say that were it not for these good women >ou aud 1 would not be here today [Ap- plause.] I do want to say that the good Christian women of this country have put their shoulders to the wheel to | ush forward the work of civilizing the In- dians, as they have put th-ir shoulders to the wheel to push lorward Christianity throughout the world, civilized and un- civilized. To tlnm belongs more glory than belongs to auy man or race Now, oue word more. I made a few observations last night, and since then I tiaVe had several most agreeable inter- v e s with my fiiend Antonio Apacne I find that we are not as far apait as I supposed we weie. [Appiau-e ] He wants, as I want, to do all he can to elevate the lnuiauH We simply, last night, were a litile mistaken in what each other meant; that was all, and I say h» re in the pres- ence of this vast audience that I desiie to reaeh out to him the hai d of brotherly fello • ship, just as I desire to reach out my hand of fellowsh p to the lie iaii race, (Mr. Sherman here reached forward and took the hand of Antonio Apache), just as I desire to use my best efforts while in public life to elevate that race; t<* work out su<*ce-slully the problem of the Indian question But whethei mv irieud Antonio and I ar on the right track; w nether we s' all be successful or not is a marter of very little difference, because the I ndian pr«*bl- m will be rightly worked out in the end, tor there is a God < f Jus- tice and he rules over all. [Applause ] Capt. Pratt. Last evening I asked the Hon. Knute Nelsou of Minnesota to speak, as he re|ne- sents the Senate of the United Slates in our Washington party. Senator Nelson was formerly a member of the Hou-e aud on the Indian Committee of the House. He gave me the greatest encouragmeni in tne early days of this school. H insisted on not speaking here this afternoon. But there are those here asking for him If he ouly says a few words I think the,) will be sa i-fied. He is a native of Nor- way, was Governor of the State of Minne- sota and is now a Senator of the United States. Senator Knute Nelson. Senator Nelson: I waut i o get over where my friends are, (walking over towards the Iudian pupils). [ Applause.j Ladies and ^kntlemen: You have attended large churches iu our big cities, no doubt, and when some rural brother comes to town, he is always inviud into the pulpit to pronounce the beuedictiou, and I suppose that is the rea- son for which (.’apt. Pra t has called on me on this occasion. I want to Bay to you that I was so interested in the proceedings here ttiis afternoon that saying anything to you has not occured to me, and yet., there was one remarK made last ev* niug, the last part of the last speech, which will form a brief text for a few words this afternoou. It was Dr. MacAlister who made the remark. I cannot give his words, but he said it was our highestduty to help you after you get through with your school here, after graduating You have beeu looking forward to this moment witn a great deal of hope and a great deal of aspiratiou, and the past ha* been involved in a struggle to reach that point which you reached to day When you g* btck to your rooms there will be a spirit of sadness as you look forward into the future, but you have a harder task than you thiuk, when you go back to your homes,where tbeie are no opportunities to work out your own salvation To send you hack Irom this school to some reser- vations is the height of cruelty. 11 is send- ing you back t,o the realms of perdition again. There are*reservaiion- in my ow n State where you c iu go out and w. rk,aud begin life with some success. You can open up your harness shop, become a car- penter, or work at )our various trades, and make a success <.ut of it. But if you go io tho-e dreary reservations in West- ern Dakota, Montana and other pi ices, the home of the cowboy, where no vege- tation grows tor lack of rain, nothing >s raided but a few cat tie, w here there is no use to open up a shnp or anything,no one to trade witn you; tosend.xou back there is indeed the height, of cruelty ; and so, on this occasion, I take the liberty of sujigest- imr oue thing, and it is the strong* old of the future Indian. You ought to supple- ment ihewoik begun at this school by making it a 'usiness to locate these \oung people in 1.fe; to get them established in oui own midst. I trust th *t arrangements will be made in ihe lu ure whereby in connection wiib i be work of this school, there will be a Prof. ssorsliip or officer, by any i ame \ ou choose, whose sob duty will bw to secure for these young people after graduation some place where the^ can work out their own salvation; and I trust, my lriend, the Chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs in the House of Representatives, whenever lie has ihe Inman appropri- ation bi 1 hefoie him again 'will take ihat matter into account and create an officer giving him a salary of, say two thousand dollars a ^eai, who will make it his sole b 'siuess to loca e these young people For years I have been one of .he Re- gents of our State University of ovei two thou and students and I made it a point to aitend the Commencement ex rcises, and also make it a point to attend the Commencements of difF rent Normal Sctio Is and other institutions, and while 1 have always laken an inter st in Iliese mailers, I have atteud< d no Commence- ment exer<-ises in my day that has made such an impression upon me as this . c- casiou. I have never heard sweeier sing- ing than I did today. 1 have never heard flu. r oratory than I have he rd here on the stano oday, and I can s< e in the t ces • f all of you a spirit of true triotism. [Applause J Capt. Pratt: You must not go away with theimpres- si m that Carlisle is behind the limes. We have ii this Carlisle school and have had for fifteen years past, just such an official as the Senator speaks of. The position is fi'hd by a woman, and the same woman all the time. Her special duty is to find places for those who go out from the school,and for those at the school who go nut temporarily aud during vaca- tinn. We have students of the school, living in the East in places we have thus found for them. We have girls who are making from twelve to twemy-five dollars a week, Indian girls practicing their profession as nurses in the g eat cities of these Uuited States. A young lady graduate of this School ha- been sent to this place at tti* time by a great Chicago paper to w rite up t hese ex- ercises for tnat paper. I don t know what salary she gets, but she must get a good oue judging from the way she dresses. [Laughter ] She writes me frequently, most intelligent letters. She is one of the bu-iness clerks. There are others, pl-nty of them. We never wi'lingly do such a cruel thiug as to send back our childieu. We always advise and urge them to -tay East but do not force them. The influ- ences beyond our control do that. It gives me the greatest po-sible pleasure aud sat- isfaction this afternoon, that I am an American,for it has seemed to me a p* cul- iarly American occasion. We have had an address from a foreigner aud a peer in the Senate of the Uuited States We have heard from the Indians, and we have heard fiom great representative men from the north and the south. I want to express my personal gratitude to Gen. Lee for coming to be with us on this occa-ion. The good people of this town and the Grand Army men wanted him to come. We wanted to show our good f« eliug, our friendship; and for them and the School I thank him for coming, aud I also ihank Governor Hastings, aud Chaplaiu McCabe and General Howard, Senator Nelson and the other distinguished members of Con- 5 gres*, of ihe Hou-e Committee, an ) all otheis tor their preseuc here to-day. And now I li;.ve grot houor in intro- ducing to y<»u Dr. Harris, Commissioner ol Education for the whole United States. Dk. Hakhis. Ladiks and Gentlemen : I am grate- ful for this opp > (unity of participating in these exercises; of hearing these tine sp^ec >es and vis ting this remarkable in- stitution, and beholding this educational experiment under such a capable Super- intendent, supported by such admirable assis'auis, who understand the methods to accomplish what they are trying to do. They are trying to solve one of the great- est problems in civilizat'on: the work of educating the tribe int > the education of the nati u. When we think for a moment w* at the tribe means as a rudimentary so- cial institution in the world; that it means that each individual in the tribe contains the strength of the whole tribe, and re- enforces the individual by the entire strength of the tribe, we see what the tiihe means No oue has ever accused the Iudian of being cowardly. He will nor gi ve up or be made a slave of. He will either die where he is, or else have opened to him the same privileges as the people who oppose him. It is that power created iu that people which we have seen to-day, which explains the progress of tueir c nversiou into civilized habits. It was kindness of heart which led the people of the United Stales to give the Indians reservations iu the first place. We said generally to them, Htve your tribal li'e, aud they have had it. It taken a large tract of country to sup- port a tribe of people, but we gave it to them, and now they have come to see that that gift was not a good one. It was done in kindness of heart, but it was un- wi-e Now they say let u“ get iuto your civilization. The tribal civilization gives to each individual the strength of the whole trihe, but the whole tribe is liable to be under the subjection of a hostile tribe That’ isol >tion and that is why we wish to give them our education, which is to lift, them up where they can be put in contact with civilization. The morning newspapers, the public schools, the common schools—the*e engines of education mean that every individual should be placed in such a relation with the rest of the world, that he sees low history is made; see* what i~ taking place iu Jap.n, Cniua and Russia. He must see all these things and purify his soul with the knowledge of them. Give Ihe tribe an independence—a rational inde- pendence, which should be the great combination with the social world, so thai all the wisdom of the past, is gat her* d together into the present. This School has two pillars; oue of reading, that stores up the wisdom of the race, and this other pillar to know how to put oi.e’s hand to machines aud tools aud euro oue’s living; how' to settle down in the community with the paleface people aud work with them. A person said 10 me, after behold- ing the exhibits of the scholars and the wo k of the teachers: “Is uot this like a fairy st<>ry?” A> d I sain: “Yes, it is a second Gospel of St. John." Capt. Pratt. I now a*k my good friend Chaplain McCabe to lead us in the Doxology aud then pionounce the Benediction. The Doxology w'as sung, the Benedic- tion pronounced and the audience dis- persed as the band played “Hail Colum- bia.” Wedutsday Afternoon. Soon after dinn*i, the specials from Washington aud Philadelphia, conveying most of our visi ois from a distance, ar- rived The guests first partook of lunch- eon and then were escorted to the gymna- sium to witness a military, calisthenic and gymnastic d»ill. This was very fine. So conceded by those at the school who al- most any evening of the week throughout the entire school year may see a similar display, as well as by the strangers who beheld the exhibition for the first time. The tunning gallery was occupied by at least 1500 people who se»med profoundly impressed by the rhythm of movement as the uearly 2U0 Indian boys aud girls per- formed various < xercises ou the floor of the spacious hall. The game of basket- ball show- d skill aid was well enj yed, while the irregular, as you-will exercises upon the now lowered apparatus held many of the spectators wh le others passtd out to take in the Inspection ol ln«l(iNlrien. The shops wete ihrouged with visitors from 3:30 t<> five o’clock. W«ilu«Ndti,f levelling. Ou Wedn sday even tug a meeting was held iu Ass* mbly Hall where students aud citizens of Carlisle met our visiiors from a dis'auce to talk informally ; aud it was very evideni, soon after the shades of evening f. 11, that the townspeople meant to take advantage of the opportunity to see the visitors, eminent in *ducationa) and political affairs. The hall wa* too small to accomodate the crowds, and the pupils were dismissed to give room for the townspeople The Indian boys aud girls were natuially somewhat disappointed, but gave up their seats cheerfully, and marched to their respective quarters. C »pt. Pratt said by way of starting the ball in motion: “We have always let this particular meeting take care of iiseif; we nev< r know really what we intend to do until we come together. With the exception of the music, a sufficient supply of which 1 have a memorandum in my hand we will carry on the meeting as the spirit moves.” Rev. D"- Lemuel Moss, of New Jersey, led in prayer, the band played “Zampa” aud the choir sang two selections, then such a feast of reason and flow of soul as followed is rarely ever experienced. Capt. Pratt: Years ago in Florida when I had charge of some Indian prisoners aud time used to weigh heavily, a gentleman came down from 'he city of Philadelphia. With a genial kindliness that made every one feel happy, he used to come to the old tort aud sing f r us sweet tuues of his own composition. I have long wanted him to come here aud nave aske f him every year, but have never succeed*d uutil to- night. He is on the p.atform and I am going to rtsk William G. *• ischer of Pnila- d Ipoia, to play, an i Chaplain McCabe, who is also on the platform, to sing. Chaplain McCabe then stepped to the front and Mr Fischer took his seat at the piano, to accompany the eminent di- vine who sang in stro-g rich voice the beautiful old hymn “I Love to Tell the Story,” the immense audiem e joining iu the chorus. This was encored and Chaplain McCabe favored the audience with “The Sword of Bunker Hill,” and played his own accompaniment. Capt. Pratt: 1 do uot intend that all our Indians shall be crowded out, and for fear they might be I shall put oue ou the platform next, but I am going to ask my friend General Howard to intioduce him. I wish to say, however, that I have never met this Indian before. I only knew of him recently through a couple of letters from him which show so mucn in- telligence that I am compelled to believe more than ever iu the new process of civ- ilizing the Indians through civilized en- vironment. With this I ask General Howard to introduce this gentlemen, who will then speak for himself. When Antonio Apache, tall, graceful aud altogether the gentleman arose from the rear of the platf Tin and advanced to the front, he was greeted with loud and enthusiastic applause, and when General Howard aiose, aud stepped to the side of the Indian the audience cheered. General Howard spoke iu part as fol- io* s: In 1872, General Grant sent a Friend (with a large F from Brooklyn to try to make peace wilh the worst kind of Indians with whom we were then at war; lie tried and didn’t succeed He could ’t get into the In artof them. An old Quaker Friend, from Maine, my State, went to the Secre tary of the Interior lid stated he had belter try General Howard. My name was carried to General Grant aud he ap- proved of it, although I whs hi chaig , then, of file Fre dman’s Bureau, and uot iu ve'y good repute; sfli they said they would se d me. So I sailed, and took letters froln General Grant, himself, to General Scnofield and General Crook, commanding ihe depaitmeut of Arizona I went to Arizona, made a campaign through the country and in* t tlieAp.ches, and carried a deb gat ton to Wa-hiugt<u 1 didn’t succeed iu mai'iug peace with the tribe. I tried to get io the head-quai- ters of the tribe iu the heart of the Blue Mouutain. Cocuise was at the h ad of it I went back agaiu ; I tried again and fail- ed again. When I go as f*rasNew Mex ico, 1 ran across a man whom they toid me was tlie woist man iu Mew Mexico aud Arizona, and you know that must have b* eu pr-tty bad. He was the only man tnat Cochise ever allowed to come into his Camp and I asked him if he w oulo take me there. He said, “Yes, General, if you will go without, any troops.” I said “All right.” Aud so 1 started. I won’t tell the story. I got iu there with my aide de-camp and the interpreter who had been there be- fore, aud with two Indians, oue of whom was Chee, and the other oue Pauucey, son oi ihe friend of Cochise. Oue was the nephew of Cochise aud the otner the son of hi* old friend. We went in. One of the Indians went in a *ead, and then we were conducted light into the stronghold, with no way to get out. There was one li-tie • ntrance, one little place where the stream came iu and went out. The Indians had pistols in their hands. At first we expect* d Cochise there, but Cocnise was not present, and there was a sub chief w ho -aid he didn’t know wheth- er ois commander would allow us to go back or not. The Indians who went with us weie frigh'ened about it When night came, however, I spread my blanket down on tne ground and u.-ed my saddle fora pillow Tne little Indian children c^me running down whete I was, and put their heads all around me «>n the ground I said to my- s- If ‘That doesn't m» au war,’’ and 1 went to sleep «nd slept until n« xt motniug. The next morning the first man that came gall- ping ou hois back down the ravine, just as wh were getting r>-ady to go was Juan, all painted wilh w .r paint. He was a brother of the chi f Cochise, nut there was no Cochise yet Weil, Juan came aud conversed with us for some little • ime. He didn’t tell us who was to follow him, but soon after Cochi-e himself came along, • iding wim dignity and selfposses- sion. He had with him his wife, his son aud children and some oti eis He rode along and oismounted [ was most aston islied; he was six feet tall eyes as big as saucers [laughter] as fine a lookii gmau as I had ever seen To my astoni-hm* ut he spoke 'he Spanish language readily. He turned to me. aud I shook hands w ith him. In the meanwhile they had gotten all teady for us. I will not tell you ihe rest of the story. I only want tos*y that to my as onisument 1 touud here tonighi the son of Juan, the brother of Cochise. His name i- Antoni •, and I want to introduce to you Auiouio. He looks very much like Cochise, only he is a little belter dressed. Antonio apache: Ladiks and Gentlemen: It is an un- expected pleasure to address this vast assembly tnis evening. I came down here on a mission for a newspaper iu order to let the people in Chicago know what Capt. Pratt is doing for ilie Indian, collectively and individually. I exp-cted to be placed on the program acccordtng to the way wine was served iu the old Hebrew days When ihe guests were first asked to the meal, they always served the good wine, but as the meal progressed they generally put ou poorer, but I have the great houor of being served with the good. The peo- ple ol the United Slat* s have been in inti- mate contact with the Indians for a period of 250 years; in Florida and elsewhere a longer period. The ctizens of the United States have been taxed indefinitely for the support of various Indian tribes Much of the appropriations which have been made year after year for the benefit of 1 h Indians, goes to the contractor and the i rader, tor t ransporiation and supplies, and the Indians get Ihe tail end of it. There wottl i be no problem iu dealing * ith the Iu«»i ns if a proper admini-tia- tion hr>d been rendered when the Depart- ment wa- fiist es ablished, aud according to the idea of George Washington, hen we wouid not need to have a reservation here tod ty iu Carli-le. This is a te-erva- tton. The Indian could have been civi- lized and would be holding a much better position th*u at the present time. The in* th‘ d that has be* n adopted by the Ad- min si ration has taeu adopted for the the b» nefii of the contractors and others, and has * tendency to encourage the res- ervation svstem, which ha> been a curse to the Indians and will • ver fie a blot up- on Indian legislation The people of the United States in their ignorance have good intentions, hut the social laws of the I ndians have made th* m vagabonds. The Indians of the United States are today in a worse c< unit ion practically, considering what has been expended in their b h lf, than they were fifty years ago. Indians are susceptible to education and civiliza- tion, and they are much better than the average immigrants who come into the couutrv and who at once receive citizen- ship. [Applause.j The Indian as the ward of the nation ha-i been denied the rights in the Courts of the United Slates. He has been denied the rights that are given to the imm grant on hisarrivalin thiscountry. Heisdenied the redress for any trouble that may occur. Here is au Iudian on a reserva*ion, and the Agent is an absolute monarch. His authority is as great as the Czar of Russia- The pe'p e of the United States want to see the Indians progress and become self- respecting citizens, but this reservation -ystnu has been a cuise to th-m. They are just like a herd of cattle in a corral. There is no i eason for that today. Take the most savage tiibes in the United States and wi ll proper administration they can be br >ught up in five years’ time. It is pracicable, but there is onlv one thing 'o be done Legislation has got to proceed upou the broad principles of justice and humanity. The Indians are willing to work. 1 have seen them work. Some people nave an idea that the ouly ilung an Indian i» good for is todiaw rations, but it is the y ouuger generation that we have got io look to for the future ot the Indian of the United States. I have nosymp*. hy for the old head.-; tne soo.ier they die ouithe better. [Laughter ] It has been a great detriment to the prog- ie»» of ilie you. g in going bxck and living among their own p. opJe wlio are full of iguorauce and superstition. Tin y na.ural- ly nave to aoapi in* mselves to the rules of the community in which they live. Tne future of ihe Iudian lies with ihe youugei geneiation. They have got to go out and hustle. 1 would uo more receive rations irom the United Stat*o Guv* ro- nitni than 1 would tie a dog. I have seen them throw meal at ihe Indians, and C n..v<- been iu ihe Zoo and seen them do it the same way. [Laughter.] It is not the la. k ..f intellect in the In- dian, but it is his ignorance that stands iu toe way The chddreu here no d* ubt look back in me centuries when the Cau- casian ruCe was just as ignorant as the lu- oians, but it took them centu'ies to reacn the type of citizenship which they now have attained, which is by no means tne most successful that has been teached; but under the pi. per management the ln- diatisco.ild all be ou aseltsupponmg basis in five years’ time. Tne onl> hope for the India, s is for the young people to respect- themselves and to carry themselves as men aud women. If I had my way I would put all tne old Indians on the res- ervation alone. Capt Pkatt. 1 believe iu giving every man a fair cnance We have old Indians here, aud I shall ask one of them to say something. He cau take his own line of thought. 1 have uot spoken o him about it. Mr. Hill is au Oweida from Wisconsin. I do uot know his history, but he comes here as a visitor to be present on this occasion. He cau sp* ak for himself. Rev. Cornelius Hill. Ladiks and Gentlemen: When I came on this stand, my friend the Cap- tain, here, is so big, that lam afraid of him. [Laughter] I cannot help but say that I am thaukful to him to give mesuch 6 an Imuor to come to make a few remarks to the people here this evening. 1 have been looking around since 1 have been here, yesterday morning, and I am very much surprised in seeing my naiive people, the ludians ihat are here. 1 could hardly tell whether they were Indians or whiles. [Laughter] It is a surprise to see whai a change it has made with the young ladies and young boys coming to the school, and ii su pri-ed me that the school should make such a large difference f >r the benefit of the ludiau race. I have to tell \ou that 1 . h^ve bem through different college build- ings, but the college has never been through me. [Laughter.] Therefore, 1 have to do the best I can, to get along, and 1 Will advise my young p.oplehere that a- Indians you should think well w hat has been said to you for your own b nefii to be civilized, to live as citizens do. Let us take the example of our whi.e fi ten s, see what they are doing! Tney are progressing and going along and sup- port mg their families and helping to support the Government. 1 hope ihere willbeaday when the Indians will sup- port toe Government [Applause ] Everything takes time. We must not suppose when you plant the seed in the gr>>umt you can reap it n> xt day. It takes time io ripen and the grain i- grown in the course of time. The Indians of the United Stales will be as citizens of the United States. There will be no wars. Now the Indians have r servati ns. They are kept in there, in the reser- vation, and they are not capable to hold laud themselves at present; that is, some, not all, but I hope there shall be a day when they want to. There is one great curse to the Indians I wish to give you my advice on; I have seen it myself. You nay think now that I am a young man, but I am an old man. [Laughter.] I h-tve see too much of Lhis cur ed fire-water. [Applause.] I have s* en too many men who have lost their lives by tois fire-wat- r too many wive* have ctied, too many children have been crying, all because of the fire-water; and now I hope when you go toyour homes in the different Stau s i hat you may be ex- amples, never io toucu this poison whis- key [Applause.] A greai many of ^ou have been here for years. You have been sent here from • be norih, south, ea-t and west. You woik on farm*, I hope you will do so when you get hack; take your coat, off and woik hard on farms or anything. That is whal I wou (I like to see I am glad that our friend, the Captain, here takes such an interest to help the Indians in their civili- zation. Capt. Pratt. Carlisle is favored this year, as it has not been favored for several years at its Commencement. It so happens that the Committee < n Indian Atfairsof the House of Representatives, by extra diligence managed to get the Indian bill out of the way in time for our Commencement, and we have a number of the members of that Committee pre!>ent on this platform, in- cluding the Chairman, Mr. Jas. S Sher- man from the great State of New York. I ask him to make a few remarks. Mr. Sherman. Mr Superintendent, Ladies and Gentlemen: I am not in the happy frame of mind that I was, and I sha'l not say to you what 1 should have said had I sp ken a few moments ago. Had I spok- en then, 1 should have said nothing. I expressly asked the Captain before dinner not to ask me to say anything to yon here to-night, and to that, he assented, but I do not feel that I would be doing justice to myself, to my coun ry or to my race if I sat here silent, after what seems to me is an attack made upon 'he Department and Bureau of ludiau Affairs by the gentle- man who spoke for the Indian race, An- tonio Apache. I do not agree with my young acquaintance from the West that this generous Government, which only yesterday appropriated eight and a half million dollars io assist in the civilization of the Indian race, is tramping that race down. I do not agree with my young ac- quaintance, that this great Government oi ours, floating the American flag of stars aud stripes, with every star beaming for men’s rights, and every stripe waving for freedrm, I do not agree with him that we aie treating the Indian race like dogs, throwing to them the meat as we throw the offal to the beast. He doe-* an in- justice to my country; he does an in- justice to the Department and to the Bureau, with which I have no political sympathy, but in the honesty of who-<e purpo-e ;*nd in the integiity of whose discharge of du y, I have every faith ; aud after what 1 heard to-night, I challenge any man’s statement who asserts that that Department is not in thorough sympathy with every effort to civilize a1 d elevate the Indian raoe. I regret that my friend made the statement that he did I regret that he believes, (I don’t; that the old Indians should be relegated to the rear. My friend from Wisconsin, a represent- ative of the Oneida race, that race whose name I love btcau-e it is borne by the county which gave me birth, and which has over and over again honored me be- yond my deserts I am gl d was here to speak a generous word, aud a just wotd for the treatment the white brother has extended io hisdusky fello* m n. Excuse me my friends, if I exhibit a little warmth. I have struggled hard for months and my colleagues on the Committee have done the same with a subject which lias no in- terest whatever to our districts. We have worked hard for months to frame and to pass a bill which we believe and which every person, I think, who understands the Indian problem, ought to believe, is for the best interest of our dusky fellow citizen-. The time will come I believe when the ludians will be received by us into fellow citizenship in this country, when they are granted the wi-ite man’s rights, which we now enjoy—the highest of ail rights, the fre- man’s rights, when they can speak as we speak to-day by ballot, which though it falls like snow flakes on the frozen sod, yet executes the freeman’s will as light- ning the will of God. No a my frieuds, I have trespassed too long upon your time and patience, and I was thinking as I sat there before the Captain called upon me, that anyone must be dumb who could not speak a word to ihis audience—a representative Ameri- can audience—represented by the de- scendants of the origiual owners of this soil, whose bright, dusky faces ami whose eyes shine forth to-night with intelligence and Christian education which we have given to tlum, aud surrounded by this splendid concourse of tvpres. ntaiive peo- ple of this beaut iful valley—a valley full of historic reminiscences, a valley filled wMi historic events I congrai ulate each of you who live here in this beautiful valley, which was the scene in the past of so much turmoil and struggle, and so much of heroic sacrifice for the country. [ believe that there is much for the future in often bringing to mind the patriotic deeds of our fathers. A laud without memory is a laud without liberty: Give me the land where the ruins are spread. And the living hold dear the names of the dead; Yes, give me the land that will flourish and praise. To tell of the memory of long vanished days; Give me the land of story and song, To tell of the strife with the right and the wrong; Give me the land with a grave on each spot, Aud a name on each grave that shall not be forgot. Oh, give me the land of the wreck and the tomb; There is honor in graves, there is glory in gloom. For out of that gloom future brightness is born. As after the night comes the sun-light of morn. So my friends, I eougratul .te you that you are here in this valley full, as I have before said of history aud memories of scenes of the past, and speaking for my- self and my associates, I sty to you that we are specially delighted to come here. We are absolutely charmed with the work that the super'nieudent of this school has don* here. [Applause.] I congratulate ourselves that we came not b fore but after our appropriation bill was p.ssed, for, m> dear Captain, had we come before, I feel we would have heaped upon you more ihousands of dollars than you could have expeuded, and I know whatever we heaped upon Capt. Prait, judging from what we have seen here to- day, would be well, wisely and justly ex- pended. [Applause.] I congratulate my dusky brothers and sisters that they have so sp^ndid a while father to look over and guide th- m, [Ap- plause], and I know I voice your senti- ments in saying that your appreciation of it comes not simply from the hands but froiu the heart [Applause.] Go back to your races if you will, or mingle with the world at large which now becomes >our right. Capt Pratt: There is uothing that helps a man to work more than to come into intimate re- lations with such meu as the one who has just spoken. I went to Washington not long ago in the interest of this school. I never w- nt to Washington with greater reluctance in my life My people here will bear me out in the statement that I wished I could stay away, but ii seemed absolute- ly necessary for me to go I had never met any of t, e members of the Committee that I could remember. I always go direct to headquarters, and so went to the Indian Committee. I found in the Chairman and all ihe members such genial pleasani kind- liness as made me feei at once at home. I came back here and told everybody that I w as never glaoder after a visit to Wash- ington than I was that time Long years ago in the b* ginning of this School, I used to carry a veiy heavy load. Con- gress was very chary of this Carlisle scheme, and it was more than three years after establi-hing the School b f‘>re we got the first direct appropriation from Congress towards its support. When I went to Washington in those day-, I met members of this same H' use Committee, and some would talk pleasantly io me, and others were sometimes pretty rough. [Laughter.] There was a gentleman on the Commit- tee then who always mei me with kind- liness, and who seemed at once to compre- hend what I was up to. I wondered why. I found after awhile that he was a foreign- er, that he had become an American un- der the same processes I was endeavoring to bring to bear upon the Indian-, and oft- en when I would go to Washingion, I met him at his house aud in the Committee room with the the greatest pleasure and satisfaction. I never was able to get him here in those days, but he is on this plat form tonight. Since those days he has been elevated to the position of Governor of the great wheat aud timber State of Minnesota, and from that high position he has been promoted to the Senate of the Uuiteo Staies. I have great pleasure in introducing to this audience Senator Knute Nels n of Minnesota. Senator Nelson. Ladies and Gentlemen: I am very glad to have the opportunity to be here with you tonight As your good friend, Capt. Pratt, has said, I was on the Com- mit lee of Indian Affairs in the House some years ago, and during all that time and since, the Captain has uever failed to invite me here to Carlisle, but somehow or other I uever managed io g-t here until today. I met him a short time ago, and although I am still in Congress, aud not on the Indian Committee, yet T always from the time I first became acquainted with the Captaiu have taken a great in- terest in this master of Indian educatiou. I was somewhat acquainted with the In- dians out West before I met the Captaiu, but aside from that, there was something about him that took my fancy from the begiuu ing. There are no frills about him. He goes at the Indian question, ttie edu- catiou of the ludians, just as we do out west when we have taken a home-stead to make a farm out of it. We dou’t stand on any ceremony; we go right at it. [Ap- plause j He used to bring pupils down there, and I remember one incident which made a strong impression on my mind. One day he brought dowu I think adozenor so of girls of his School and two or three teachers. He introduced the teachers to me, but left me to introduce m> self to the girls. I got along very well and went and shook hands with all of them, I thought I got through aud sat down and by aud by a fine looking young lady c^rne up to me and said: “Mr. Nelson, why didu’t you shake hands with me like the other girls?” I looked at her and said: “Aren’t you one of the teachers?” She said, “No, I am an Indian girl.” I was perfectly astonished. She was one of my constituentsfiom Brown’s Val- ley, and her name was Dessie Prescott. Since then I have t*>ken more and more interest in this matter of Indian educa- tion. Now, here io night I have been in- terested in what my friend, the Chairman of the Committee, has said, and also what my friend Antonio has said. We look at things from a different standpoint. You kuow that during i he war you found that Congress and the Government made am- ple provision for our soldiers in 'he field. Ample stores and supplies were furnished to our Army, more bountifully than any Government ever furnished its ^rmy in the field, and yet it often happened as we in ihe War knew, that through the quarreling of some subordinates, some Commissary Sergeant or other officer, or the failure of some mule to make connect- ions, we often camped in the evening without any hard tack, and had nothing but an ear of corn. The same thing occurs in the Indian problem. While it is no doubt, as the Chariman of the Committee has said, that our Government is dealing with the Indian in a mo-t generous way, (I never k ew a Committee on Indian af- fairs moie generous than the present Com- mittee,) yet my friend has not seen what the Commissary Sergeants do out west, and my friend Antonio has come in con- tact with them and that makes the differ- ence. [Applause ] And so, m.v friends, it is a blessing to us here touight to get to the bottom of this problem from both ends of the line. I dou’t want any of you to go away fiom here tonight criticising my friend An- tonio, and I don’t want any of you In- dians to go away criticising my iriend the Chairman of the Committee. [Laugh- ter. J You must have a place for both of them in your hearts; accept them both iu a Cm i-tian spirit. Iu 1892, when I was first a candidate for Governor, I was up in the northern part of the State, and I coul t not epeak everywhere. There was one neighbor- hood where theie whs neither Democrats or Republicans, but Populists of the rank- est Kind, and I wanted to get in that neighborhood to make a speech, but I failed to make connections du'ing the campaign. I *aid, next year on the 4th of July, I would go up and talk to tho-e people. It w as 250 miles by rail from St. Paul to this town of about 8'0 people. I made the trip; went up there the next4ih of July to this town, which w as some 60 miles from the White Earh Reservation, and what do you think, boys aud girls, iu that audience of mine, (and it was as large as this) oue-t ird of th^m were Indians who had come sixiy miles fiom the White Earth Reservation to celebrate the4ib of July [Laughter]; and the most curiou* thing of it was that they had Come there w ith their horses and oxen and covered wagons ana cooking uten- sils I first talked to them for two hours in the meeting, and after the mee ing was over, 1 went out on the green where they were cooking and having a glorious time. I became aware of the fact that they were the best kind of Americans and took as much interest in ceiebi ai ing the 4'h of July as any people in that community. I want to tell you another thing, that while the town was on the verge of civil- ization, good people liv> a there, yet they were such people as we often find ou the tro .tier, not always st'ict in etiquette. 1 had been there but a little while when up came a nice young lady ; a very nice young lady, she was, almost‘as good look- ing as some of you here. TLnugnter.] She was a perfect lady in every way, and what do you think she said? She said: “Mr. Nelsou, I am a graduate from Carlisle. ’ Aud, do you know, I at once felt at home, and ever afterwards that graduate of Carlisle was my best friend. 1 walked up aud down the street wi h that young lady, aud we talked together just as though she had been my daughter. [Laughter.] Now it is very easy to give advice and I will not give you any, but what I want to say to you is, that in Minnesota, to some extent, we have helped to solve the ludiau problem. In Minnesota, if an In- dian will sever his tribal relations ai d will live like a white man, he can hold office and vote, and he can be Governor of Minnesota. So if any of you boys ever oome to Minnesota, dou’t stick to your tribe, hut, settle down and get a good wife, and you can get he' right here, [Laughter] a. d you can Income Governor of the S ate, aud be a Representative in either the House or Senate. T.ere is only one thing that I think will solve the Indian question, and tnat is to sever your tribal relations. We have a fine Jot of Indians there on the White Earth Reservation, bnd I have met some of them here They have some of the best farming land in North- ern Minnesota, aud they have improved it and cul ivated it We are attempting to allot land* in severalty to the-m, and we have Democrats and Republican* amontr them, too. I always tell my friends wh-n I run short of votes, I have a reserve lot in the White Earth Reservation. We have on that reservation young Mr. Campb li of this School He wa* admitted to our Uni- versity in the law Department and gradu- ated a lawyer, the first Indian lawyer in Minnesota He was down in Washington as Attorney for hi- t’ibe, *pp-aring in the Department and appearing before the Committee of Co gress, and if the Supreme Court had been iu >ession, we would have had him admitted to the bar of the Su- preme Court as the first Indian lawyer in America. [Applause j Nowr there is one thing you boys and gi> Is want to feel,and that is, afteryou get your education, you are just as good asth^ white people. All you have to do is to live as they do. I said a while ago I wouldn’t give any advice, but I said to one of the boy* iu going through the school today, Go ou and finish your course here, get. all the learning you can here, aud then before you start our. West get a good wife, aud I will repeat that advic- tonight. [L.ugh- ter. ] We have not yet solved the Indian problem, but it is fast, being solved. As has been said tonight, if we cau get you to throw off the tribal relation, and s. trie down as white people, assuming all the duties of citizenship, we have then solved th^ Indian question. T have no doubt th^t uuder the laws of Minnesota, the Indians cau carry in their midst a common school system ju*t as the whites do, if the Government, of the United States will simply leave its hands off and let them do it. I have no doubt that the White Earth Reservation Indians could form a school district, have their schools kept open s-even to eight months in the year a,nd get their share of the public money, just as the white peo- ple do. My friends I have felt happy to-day; have felt the happiest man ou earth I am so glad that I came here aud have seen what has taken place. While our Reg- ular Army has done a great many good things, nothing to my mind is as good as when that Army gave to the Indians my friend, Captain Pratt. [Applause.] Wf who stand ou the outside can hope and wish and pray that his good work may continue to be blessed in the future as it has in the pa*t, and we who live on the outer verge of civilizUi >n, cannot help but congratulate you people for taking such an interest in Mii* mat'er in helping to solve the Indian problem. The Indian will fast disappear as an Iudian, and will become a part of the American people. This country has the greaest digesiive capicity of any nation on this earth, for a naiion that could take a Norwegian and digest him and make a Governor and Sen- ator out of him, can surely do as much for an Iudian. [Applause.] Capt Pratt. Twenty-eight years ago and better, I ac- cepted an appointmentin theUnited States Arm x, and when I received orders, was directed to report first at Fort Leaven- worth, in Kansas; then to join my com- pany at Fort Gibson, in Indian Territory, which immediately proceeded to Fort Arbuckle, in the southern part of the Ter- ritory. It was only a tew miles north of the State of Texas. I had heard a great deal about Texas I was eight years at Fort Arbuckle, Fort Sill and Fort Gt iffin I chased Indians, from time to time on horstback, but I never caught one, and I can gua* antee that no man tried harder than I did. I felt that my reputation was at stake, but somehow, they could ride just a* fast as I could and a little faster. I became acquainted with the people of Texas and I saw the difficulties uuder which they labored, aud I have had a high regard for the great State eversim-e. We have a gentleman on th*- platform who is from ihai State and who is also a Member of the Iudian Committee of the House, and without any warning to him I call upou Mr. Pendleton, Member of the House of Representatives from the State of Texas. . Mr. Pendleton. Mr SupkrintendeNt, Ladies and Gentlemen: I think ii is much better to be a listener than a tiresome talker, and for that reason I prefer nor to talk to- night. I notice this thing about an Amer- ican andience, when we meet on thise literary and social occasions, that every- body is in a good humor, aud we are gen- erally disposed o overlook each other’s shortcomings We are in good humor with ourselves and with each other, and as Governor Bell of Texas said, a peace with all the world and the balance of mankind. Now, as an instance, down in my State, when I was a Member of the Legislature, and also in Congress now, when e meet to discuss politics we differ. We can’t agree on the tariff, or on free silver or any of those questions, but if some Member resolves that this is the finest looking hody of men ihat ever assembled in Washington, there is unanimous consent, though with equal unanimity that I »m ihe ugliest man in the lot. [Laughter.] Now if some one were to offer a res- olution here to night that this was the finest Indian School in America, I be lieve it would be unanimously adopted, and there would be more truth than poet ry in that, and if some one offers another res olution that your Supei inteudeut was the finest Superintendent of any kind iu all Ami riea, it would be all truth and no poetry. [Laughter.] Someof the gentlemen, no doubt, are iu a very good humor tonight, especially the distinguished gentleman on the plat form who came here as a Geceral more than thirty years ago, under rather un- pl« asant cireum-tances. 1 have no doubt he received a much warmer reception and frien tl.v welcome tonight thau he did theu. I admit that in my feeble way, as q ite a young and it experiencf d member < f the Confederacy I tried to break up the best Government the world ev^r saw, and 1 feel verv hippy to think we didn’t succeed, [Applau*e] and it is exceedingly gratifying touight to know ihat the stars aud stripes float over us all, over the white, over our Indian brethren, aud over our colored friends down in the savannas in the South, where we know them aud love them [Laughter], the red, the w hite and the blu^* in the fl tg typifying the red, the w’hite and the black citizens of our country; all under one flag; all receiving equal rights, and I am proud of it, truly proud aud thankful. You young gentlemen, I should say youug ladies aud young gentlemen, have had here magnificent, oppor unities to at- tain to the highest womanhood and man- hood, and I think that you have availt-d yourselves of the opportunities. I do sin- cerely hope that when you go back to the reservations, you will notallow yourselves to be [rulled down to your people’s level, but bring your people up to your level. You want to be educated. You have re- ceived your education, and you waut to educate your relatives, your fathers, your mothers, your brothers and your sisters, who are not so fortunate. You want to aid your fathers and your mothers. You want to get up on a higher plane of civili- zation Your people by nature have just as good minds as the Anglo-Saxon Knowledge is power, and they have not got that power, but now that you have that power, you ougtit to be missionaries to the Indians in this country, aud help elevate them up to a higher womanhood aud manhood. You young men ought to be voters and will I know, vote in future years with intelligenec. You read, you know about your country, and if the woman suffrage movement keeps on extending} you young ladies will also be qualified. Now as I said iu the beginning, it is much better to be an eloquent listener than a tiresome talker, and I don’t in- tend to wear you out by talking, but I must say that as far a^ Capt. Pratt and the Carlisle School is concerned, that we may attach this placard to our Indian Committee in Washington: If you dou’t see what you want, j ust ask for it. [Laugh- ter.] I must say that I was nevnr more im- pressed with a school in my life, than I have been with this one, witn all its de- partments. The students are learning in every direction ; learni g to be intellig^ni ; to be self-respecting; learning trades; learning how to support themselves, and that is the way to make good citizens. Our Government has done much to de gr .de the Indian in many respect-, by not appropriating its charity iu a proper way- A great deal of that charity was a well in- tended injustice. Mud of our bounty has been los in this wav to the Indians. I have no doubt that when the Govern- ment sends a thou-and dollars out to the Indians, it takes nine hundred dollars to get it there, and the Indian only g<-ts the one hundred. Thank you very much for your kind interest. Capt. Pratt. , This oc asion comes but once a year, aud we are always willing to prolong it a little ou that account. We dou’t mind g >ing to entertaiumeuts in the city and staying late I think it is time now to introduce music, and ask the baud to play a piece tor the benefit of the old Indians on the platform and for the beuefit of th« old soldiers who hav.- heard the music mauy times. Mr. Wheelock, will you give us your Iudian piece? The band played the Iudian War Dance There were loud calls for Gen. Lee at this point. Gen. Lee: Ladies and Gent emen: I am re- minded tonight a little of an episode that occurred during my cadet lire at West Point. 1 remember of being in a room that was very much crowded, and very soon b- came acquainted with the idea that everybody in the room had to sing a song or tell a story or get our. [Laughter.] I remember they called ou a little cadet, from North Carolina, whom we all felt a great interest in, because we knew he could not speak, and we didn’t think he could sing. The young fellow got up and said, “Fellow cadets, I never made a speech in my life, but I believe I could sing ‘Down on the old Tar River’ if I could only get the pitch.” [Applause aud laughter.] j I have got the pitch to-night. Thi* au- dience gives it to me. The splendid work of your School gives it io me and the great work of yonr Superintendent, Capt. Pratt, as I saw it to-day in the shops. This is a magnificent theme for any one to speak on. I have got faith in the work here. 1 remember once speaking to a colored preacher down in mycouutry, and I asked him about faith. His description of faith was a singular oue. He said, “If the Lord tells me to jump through a stone wall, I am going to jump. That belongs to me, hut the g. ing through the stone wall be- longs to God.” [Applause.] I have got faith in Capt. Pratt, and I am going to leave the work to him, be- cause I know he is going to carry it out succes-fullv. Tu some little correspond- ence I had with Capt. Pratt, previous to my coming to Carlisle, I promised to say a few words tomorrow at the Commence- ment exercises, aud I have too high an appreciation of the great compliment you pay me to-night to inflict two speeches on you. • Capt. Pratt. This audience, 1 am inclined to say from long experience, cheerfully receives tho*e coming from foreign or distant lauds, -and we have here to-niaht, a gentle- man from across the ocean. I don’t know how much he knows of the Indian ques- tion. I know him more by reputation than I do by personal contact. It is only a few weeks since I began to know him at all, well. He has settled in the Uuited States and become one of us, aud he kuows how a foreigner becomes an American I call upon Mr. Rudolph B1 -nkenburg of the City of Philadelphia. Mr. Blankenhuro. Ladies and Gkntlemen: I don’t know why it was that a feeling of despair came over me when my distinguished friend Capt. Pratt opeiici the meeting to-night aud stated that he would call as the spirit prompted him, aud I feared that the evil spirit might perhaps prompt him to '-all ou me. [Laughter.] The Captain is right; I came from foreign shores as did my distinguished friend, Senator Nelson, (a Governor and now a Senator,) and al hough I have uever had the oppor- tunity of doing for my adopted c mntry what he has been abl^ to do, I love that country, nevertheless, as I love my own life. [Applause] 1 came from a country where, although slavery, as it existed in the United States did not exist, no man owned himself, and I felt when I left that coun ry that if there was anything in this world that belonged to me,it was myself. [Applause.] I lu.ve tried to act in this spirit from the day that I set foot in America until now, and I have always had a very warm feeling for those who owned the land be- fore auy of us came here I am glad to be here tonight to see what has been done on behalf of the Indians. It is strange, it is wonderful,it is a perfect revelatiou to me when I look at these boys and girl*, aud these buildi gs, to see the Indian* thus inspired with thought and education; aud t-> think that all this good work has been doue right here in your town of Carlisle. These boys and girls are taught some way by which they cau make a living in this world. Ah, it is glorious to be here; to be per- mitted to stand now before you, not the white people of this country, but before you, the Indian children, and to say to you that the time is not far distant when your people who lived here so long ago shall attain have their rights. To see your brig it faces here tonight augurs well for the future. To you, Capt. Pr»it, to whom so much is due in the civiliza- tion of the Indians, I want to s *y, that while I and those who came with me today, are not able to give to you the ap- propriations of money that are needed to carry on this noble work, you have our hearts, you have our souls, aud I call up- ou every man and woman in this au- dience to constitute himself aud herself a committee of one, to carry ou this won- derful and good work, so that the plan so nobly commenced shall be continued un- til every Indian in this country is a civil- ized being Capt. Pratt. For many years I have had the active sympathy of some distinguished educa- tors who always give me a welcome hand. For several years I have endeavor- ed to indu.-e one of these gentlemen, dis- tinguished iu education, to come to a Commencement, but never until tonight have I succeeded. He is a g’ ntleman that has stood at the fore front in educa- tional matters in this country, for years, having had charge of public instruction iu two of our largest cities. He is now at the head of one of our most famous aud most practical educational institutions. I refer to Dr. James MacAlister, head of the Drexel Institute of Philadelphia, and before I take my seat, I wish to say this, that sometime ago I was in Phila- delphia and said: “Doctor, I have a young lady in the graduating class who is very anxious to learn shorthand aud typewriting and be- come a clerk, and I can find her a place iu the city where, hy her labor, she can take care of herself; cannot you somehow arrange for her to go to your Institution ?” He instantly said: “We will give her a scholarship; send her down.” [Applause.] Dr. James MacAlister, President of Drexel Insti- tute, Philadelphia. Dr. MacAlister. Ladies and Gkntlemen: For about a dozen of years I have been a member of the Indian Rights Association: an Asso- ciaiion that has been under tood and mis- understood At the h* ad of it is h gntle- man who >s greatly honored in Philadel- phia, and he is worthy of all re per»t for tiie noble work he hasdonefor the betie- fi1 of t'ie Indian. I mean Herbert Welsh of Phila<leiphia. We have been doing all tuts work we could to advance this great movement for the civilization of the Iudian race. We have held meeting* in every great centre of this country, east and wes', north and south We have also a b ireau of publication, and have been is- suing d *cum nts during all these years to promote the cause, but I want to tell you sincerely, that the best presentment of the case T have ever heard, the b-st plea for the Indian race, for his righ's, and all that he ought to be, has been made here to night by the Senator from Minnesota. [Applause ] Aud for my part, I feel as if I had nothing to say. It was the most sensible, practical, direct, kindly and reasonable discourse I have ever heard on this subj ct. I noti e that the tprm he used all the way through, was the education of the In- dian, and that is the corner s’oue of the whole business. It is about three or four generations atro that a p-or Switzer gathered together in au old castle in Switzerland a lot of poor children who had been orphaned hy the desolating wars of the Freucn Republic, and founded a school where they might be c*red for and traiued for lives of usefulness. He went on with his work moving from place to place until he hid spent ever\ dollar he had in the world, because he had this conviction in his mind, that the one thing he could best do for the people of Switzerland was to see that their children were educated He became famous. He became one of the most distinguished men of his time, and Governments sent their Ministers to study and ob-erve the work he was doing They went back and made report, and gradually Pestalozzi, the p >or Switzer, became the greatleader and found r of popular education in the world H~ held these two great ideas, that it was the duty «,f each individual to develop himself to the fullest extent in all the powers and faculties of his being, and that it was the highest duty, the most important duty of every civilized nation to see that its people were educated. These two great ideas of P stalozzi fouud i heir way first imo Germany. Ger- many was lying prostrate at the feet of the French conqueror, dishonored and conquered. She was finally set upon her feet, b.v the labors of three noble patriots and out of the great work done by this nun, regained her independence, ami became the leading power of Continental Eif ope. Other nations followed iu her wtke until now in nearly everv European country it is held to be the most imp r- tant duty of the State to see that all its children are educated and fitted for citi- zenship. We ourselves felt the influence of tMs g1 eal movement As we extended our Em- pire we planted education as the corner stone of o.ir civilization. Iu this country we boast of our great, free educational system, but we forget that there is growing up in the mid8t~of our large cities—New York, Philad Iphia, Chicago, and even in Boston, a l^rge num- ber of illiterates We have on our hands also t he ed ucation of the colored race, who by the civil war were cast upon the care of the Southern people, and we have all alonjrfelt the importance of our duty to the Indian race; and we have no higher duty to perform than to see to it, that all the people, irrespective of color, white, black and red, shall be educated as one of the conditions of citizenship in a free country. I was reading the other day some statis- tics about two or three countries iu Europe, statistic-* called out by reason of the late war flurry that threatened to involve us in a war with England. On Washington’s birthday we held meetings in Philadelphia in the morning, afternoon and evening, to celebrate peace and to declare that the do trine of this country was peace,not war, and that the country with whom we least want to go to war is England My attention was called to the fact that in France, $4 per capita is spent on her At my and N >vy and -eveniy cents on her edu- ct ion; in F’nglaud three dollars and a half per capita on h* r Army and Navy aud .-ixty-two cents ou her education. And yet no t wo countries in the world are striving harder to educa'e all th ir chil- dren than the French Republic and the British Government We have to meet this great problem, and the only way we can do our duty to these millions of negtoes of the South and the Indians of the far west, is to see that they are educated. Unless they are edu- cated, there is no future for them. Con- gress mav legislate; mav pass appropria- tions for thei r maintenance on the reser- vations; mav make ample provision for their welfare; may allot *o them lands in severalty : but the one thing upon which the future of the IudUn race depends is to make sure that the boys and girls of these various tribes are educated. I believe that this G •vernmeut i* doing no better work than maintaining these schools. Two months ago, I had the plea-ure of spending two weeks or more in Allan a, at the magnificent exp »sition of the South- ern people, and I c*me back with some convictions that, I am ashamed to say, were new to me. I lealized then as I had never before, the great work that the Southern people were d-»ing for the edu- cation of the negro. We in the North have been inclined to say harsh things of the South, but we f >rget that there are millions of those blacks yet bey-nd the reach of public schools; we forg*t that the South whs left desolate by the war; we forget that there are no wealthy siates south that compare wi h New York, Min- nesota, Pennsylvania. Illinois, Ohio; that the south is poor. I tell you no commu- nities in this country are making larger sacrifices for the elevation of the people through the means of popular education than the Southern States I found in the State of Georgia that there was no Insti- tution within its borders thought more of than its ad i.irahle Normal and Industrial College. The State of South Carolina is taking great interest in introducing indus- trial training into its schools, and *e are here tod-y to witness what is being done by the national g vernment for the educa- tion of the Indtan. I want to bear testimony as one who has had a good deal of experience in educa-' tional w'ork, and to unite my te-timooy with that of the gentlemen who have pre- ceded me in paying my tribute of admira- tion for the C"Urse of instruction going on in the Carlisle In iian School. I know of institution^ of various kinds, devo ed to education, similar to that provided here, and I find nowhere a school organ zed on better pedag i«ic principles, and pursuing better modes of training than t' is School The feature that commends itself to me is the industrial training Self-respect depends on self-support, and I think that the industrial feature of this School is its chief element. I 1 ok upon thes m vements carried on here aud for t i e euut-anon of the colored people in the South as the yreat means that are to unity the people an t to make oemocracy a suc- cess in .America. Democracy rests up u the solidarity of the people, and that de- pends iu turn upon the education of every uiau aud woman subject to its influence. As we look in advance 10 the future y*ars, we can see ourselves organized iuto one gre .t na'i-nality, irre-pective of color—white, black or red, actuated by the same common sentiments; bv the same fai• h iu humanity, aud rating upon conditions for the best interests of mankind. And so, I believe with the Senator from Minnesota, that the Government must educate these peop'e. I congratulate not only Catlisle. but the whole country,upon having a school h«re that is doing so great a work for the Indians. I have never known a man who ap- peals so strongly to my sym pat hy as Capt Ptatr. I have been delighted “to u*tice the love and admiration in which he is held by his pupils. We are all interested iu believing that thig School must go ou from year to year educating these Indians, until they take their places like the rest of us in the common citizenship of the coumry. [Applause] Just one thought more. The ohe pain- ful experp nee I have had here is the th ught that these young people must go b^ck to the tribal condition. I was de- lighted to hear the gentleman from Texas speak so sensibly on this subject. Why, in I the name of justice and law and humanity must tuese young men and young women with t"cii getieious culture and careful training be turned hack iuto a condition of living that the civilized world has been ontgro^iu=> for centuries? [Applause] Wh) should lhe\ not melt int<> the com inon population of this country, a>-d go forth to make their o"n career; to work out their o* n salvation under the benign protection of a government whose geniu it is to provide liberty and law for all alike. Capt. Pratt. I think now in clo-ing this occasion we may all heartily join in that, song which joins us together, and I assure you that we Indians will sing as h- artily as any- body. Just two verses of America. The audience here sang America, Chap- lain McCabe leading. Tliar*<tuy Morning. On Thursday morning 'he school-rooms were inspected Beginning with the low- est department, and advancing by well- graded steps to the Junior class mucn in- terest was manifested on the part of ihe visitors as the gradual ascent was made Dr Harris, Commissioner of Education, and General Eaton, ex-Commissjouer of Education, were constituted au examiniug board. After ascer aining in each depart- ment the exact status of the grade, their questions were so in keeping with the un- derstanding of the pupils that the best results w re brought out. And General Eaton’s explanations to the guest* as they passed from room to room were very lucid. General Eaton is not a stranger at Carlisle and felt at home with us and we with him. His fatherly manner and kindly winsome voice will always bring answers from the most timid. The busy little workers in the Sloyd de partment elicited much surprise and fa- vorable comment. It is a most interest- ing -ight to witness a dozen little work- men aud workwomen with plane and knife, chisel and mallet, trysquare and pencil, saw and file, hammer aud nails, making articles of use according to well- defioed prii ciples and uuder a teacher who understands the basic laws which should govern all instruction. We ate fortunate iu having in this new depart- ment for Carlisle, Miss Ericson, graduate fiom the Pedagogic Institute, Helsing- f-rd, Finland, almost the very seat of Sloyd. The old-style primary Sl >yd em- ployed only the knife,but we have the latest methods. Ttiere are in-truments a child can use before he should be allowed to handle a knife. From the Sloyd room in the basement of the school building the higher rooms were visited While many lingered to • ear recitations others were examining the written work and the manufactured articles displayed in cases in the ball-way The art room was one of the interesting places where visitors were disp »sed to tarry. Iu rooms 13 and 14 are the mod^ 1 schools where pupil-fe *chers are drill d in meth- ods of instruct ion. Here the recitations,or talking lessons, rather, which requir- ex pert teaching, were interspersed with cal- isthenic sony-s, and beautiful bits of verse recited in musical concert. The Academic I epartment all through has made a very noticeable advance in the p'-ist year. There is more system, bet- ter teaching and cons*-quently better re- sults. Thus do we grow ! Thursday Nunn. During the noon hour the band of sav- ages[?] upon the band stand discoursed music which had charms to soo'h the cult- ured breast. 0 for a poet to portray in verse this changed condition of affairs! And so, from Tu- sday evening when Dr. J. M. Buckley, editor of the Christian Advocate, lectured to a large audience composed of Indian pupils and the best citizens of Carlisle, to the close of the im- pressive exercises on Thursday afternoon when eminent men further distinguished themselves before a vast assembly of be- tween three and four thousand people, every hour was fraught with intcest both for the visitors and for the faculty and studeuts, who appreciated the grand op- poitunity of meeting with so many ex- cellent friends of th« cause from a dis- tance and of hearing the public addresses .-o full of wisdom and encour yement It is very true, as some of the papers stated, who kindly gave column after col- umn of valuable space to descriptions of the woik done at Carlisle, that the Seven- teen; It Auniv-rsary and Eighth Griduat- ing Exercises were “the best yet.” Unrsts I rum u nmiNiice Present i hruiiKiiunt General O O Ho aid; General F'tz- hugh Lee; Senator aud Mrs. Knute Nel- s«ii, Mi nesota; Hon Jas. S. Sherman, New York, Chairman of the House In- dian Committee; H »u. Geo. E White, [H. R ] M'-s. White, 111 i ois; Hon. Geo. W. Wilson, [H. R.] Mrs. Wilson, Ohio; Him. I F Fi-her, [H R.] Mrs Fisher, N Y.; Hon. John W. Maddox, Georgia, [H. R ]; Miss Maddox; Hon Geo. C Pendle ou, T* xas [H R ]; Mr. Wm F Griffith, <’1 rk H-.us- Indian Committee; Mrs. Griffith ; Col. C Church, Editor Army nnd Nuvy Journal; Dr. J. M. Buckley, Editor of the Christian Advocate; Dr. Lemuel Moss: Mrs Moss; Hop R. V Belt, ex- Assisiant Commissioner of Indian Af- fairs; Dr. Harris. Commis-ioner of Edu- cation ; General John Eaton, ex-Commis- sioner of Education; Mrs. Ea on; Mr. Samuel E. Slater, Chief Finance Division Indian Office; Miss Slater; Dr. Wooster, Indian Office;<'apt. Dortch, Chief of the Educational Division Iudian Office; Mr. Hainiitou. B>ir*au of Educatio ■; Dr. and Mrs T S Hamlin, Washington; Mr. How- aid; Miss I’e'ler. Washington ; Dr. James MacAlis er, Pre-ident Draexel Institute, Philadelphia; Mrs. MacAlister; Chaplain <’. C. MeCabe, and Mrs. McCabe; Miss Brouse; Mr. James B. Wa-son. of the New York Tribu»p; Mr and Mrs. Rudolph Blankeuburg Philadelphia; Mr Wil'iam G. Fischer, Philadelphia: Dr S. S. Gilson of the Presbyterian Banner; Mrs. Gil-on; Dr. and Mrs. James A. Lipp<nc--tt, Phila- delphia; Rev Sheldon Jack ou, Commis- sioner of Education for Alaska: Si is- Jack- son ; Dr. and Mrs. Welch, Bloomsburg Nonnal School; Judge and Mrs W. N. Ashman, Philadelphia; th-Mi-ses Ash- man; Mr Ralph P.ine. Phila Pres*\ Mrs. Isabel Won ell Ball, Washington S'ar\ (’apt. McKenn >n and Mr Cab^no* of ttie Dawes Commission: Agent Treon, ( row C eek, Souiii Dakota; Superimendeut McKoin, ot the Albuquerque Imtian School, New Mexico; Mr. Cox, Mr Board, Mr Newton, Miss Wilbur, Miss Cm ster, Miss Paveuder. Mr. Tanner, Miss Br wne, i Mi8s Smedes. Dr and Mrs L. Webster F- x; Rev. Geo. Ruucimau, Versailles, N. Y. • Mr. George Vaux, Jr., Miss Mary Vaux, Dr. Anna P. Sharpless, Miss Elizabeth Carter, Miss Sarah Car • r,Frances Stokes, Miss Esther Stokes, Mariott C. Morns, Miss Elizabeth <: Morris. Mr. Walter Sinedle , all of Philadelphia Mrs James Thornton, Mrs. Walter J. Miudleton of Haiuesport, N. J ; Miss Anna. Noble, Jenkimown. Pa ; Miss Maud Silcott; Mrs. G. M Ra\, St. Paul; Mis- L L Wolfe. Philadelphia; Dr. Alice Seabrook, Philadelphia; Mrs Bennett, Bloomsburg; Mi-s Lnzena l lioteaii, Chi- cago; Antonio Apache, Chicago; M*. R b- err Ciawford, Sopt Williamson Sc <>• >1, and Mrs Crawford; Mr. Ha ues. West- own; Miss May Forsythe, West Grove: Mi-s Jennie -.utelins, Harrisburg; Mr. Frank Bonrassa, Michigan; Mr James Wheelock and Rev. Cpruelius Hill, Onei- da, Wisconsin; William Harrison, " in- nehat'o, Nebr., [Hampton S'udeut_J; Mrs. Wa-son, Friendship, N. Y.; Mrs. Laura Seneca, Messers. Walt r K i uedy. Is*ac Sen. ca, Frank Patterson, Ei Jameson, Frank Seneca, Mrs Abb e Doxtator, Mrs. Lucy Ke niedy, Miss l)-lia Fierce, Mrs. Halftown. *11 of >he New York Indian Agency; Misses Lettie Conn liy, Eina I- ai tefe *ther, Prudie Eagl> feather, Mag- gie Ravmond. Mary L iurent, and Ida Me- Cabe, of the Lincoln Institution, Phila- delphia. From Bucks, Montgomery himI Chrgler (uiiuIi«n uiiil Vicinity Mrs S N Hesto >, Mr. and Mrs. Mil- ton Pyle, Mr. and Mrs. William B Har- vev, and friend, Mr. and Mrs Jos W. Ewan, Mr and Mrs. Sumner Bros us, Mr. ami Mrs. Charles Saunders, Mr. and Mrs. John C. Rt'-h, Mr and Mrs. Richard Vanhorn; Miss Fannie Rnbn kam, Mr. Albert Vanartsdalen, Mr. E. F. Heaton, Mrs. John H geman, Amo* S. Bennett, Aiiids I). Bennett, Mrs Esther Hallow* II, M'S. M. F Saunders, Mrs W-lliam Jeanes, Mrs. Dr. Richatds, Miss Bertha Richards, Taylor Richards, Miss Carrie Whanon, Mrs. F. Nesbitt, Miss Nesbitt, Lillie T. Brinson, Mrs. George Kel y, Mrs Dr. Haines, Mrs. L. Pancoast John Kelly Miss Mary Hughes, Mrs M. Craw- ford, Miss Lottie Grenwald, Miss (’ora Pvie, Kate M oney. Miss H. A Gable, Miss H. Gable, Mr William Wvnkoop, Miss M. E Force, Mrs. Belt, Mrs Bell, Mrs. B. F. Beunett, Miss Linton and f iend Miss Anna Noble, Mis. L B»ker, M rs. Mickey and two friends, Ralph Pyle, John Rulon, Jr., Miss Russell, Bertha Sharpless, Rebecca Chambers, Jos. Sharp- less.