An Illustrated Magazine Printed by Indians MAY 1916 m CONTENTS Allaquippa Lace Making Among the Pueblos c=> Putting the Indian on His Feet Is a College Education Necessary to Success The Seminoles of Florida The Capture of Geronimo Published Monthly by THE CARLISLE INDIAN PRESS•v* »!**!* > »/•!• •> *XMX‘ *!  *1* vv *............................... mm © UR AGE is retrospective. It builds the sepulchres of the fathers. It writes biographies, histories, and criticisms. The fore- going generations beheld God and nature face to face; we, through their eyes. Why should we not also enjoy an original relation to the universe? Why should we not have a poetry and phi- losophy of insight and not of tradition, and a religion by revelation to us, and not the history of theirs? Embosomed for a season in nature, whose floods of life stream around and through us, and invite us by the powers they supply, to action proportioned to nature, why should we grope among the dry bones of the past, or put the living generation into masquerade out of its faded ward- robes? The sun shines to-day also. EMERSON GO_ Wtvu,u,u„u& magajtne tssueb in t(jc interest of tfje iOtatibe American&eb Jfflan Volume 8	May, 1916	Number 9 Contents: ALLAQU1PPA— By George P. Donehoo, D. D. - - -	301 RESOLUTIONS ON THE SEMINOLES OF FLORIDA	- 306 Lace Making Among the Pueblo Indians— By Mabel E. Brown, U. S. Field Matron -	307 PUTTING THE INDIAN UPON HIS FEET— By Francis E. Leupp, Ex-Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in New York Evening Post - - 309 IS A COLLEGE EDUCATION NECESSARY TO SUCCESS?— By Lloyd Bruce Mitchell - - -	313 THE SEMINOLES OF FLORIDA— From the Savannah News	- - - 323 The Capture of Geronimo- From the New York Times - - -	327 Poem—A Memory System - - - - 334 PUBLISHED BY U. S. INDIAN SCHOOI. CARLISLE, PA. OSCAR H. LIPPS, Superintendent. Entered as second-class matter. Ten numbers each year. One dollar per year. Printed by Indians of many tribes under the instruction of Arthur G. Brown.DRESS PARADE—MT. PLEASANT INDIAN SCHOOL, MICHIGANAllaquippa: By George P. Donehoo, D. D. HE first Indian legend and tradition which the author of this sketch remembers of having heard in his early childhood concerned the life of ‘‘Queen Allaquippa,” as she is popularly called. I can remember going to the top of the Indian mound, below the mouth of Chartiers Creek, on the Ohio below Pittsburgh, and, looking over one of the most beautiful river views in America, thinking of the days when the canoes of the Seneca glided down the waters of the “Beautiful River” past the village where lived this Indian woman, whose real history has been interwoven with many strange and contra- dictory traditions. That summit of McKees Rocks has seen many strange things take place on the waters of the Ohio. It once was the burial place of the long-departed builders of the earthen mounds along the Ohio River. Today it looks down upon a vast industrial city of mills and work-shops. In the long ago, before the white man drove the canoe of the red man from the Ohio River, Allaquippa lived at the mouth of Chartiers Creek, once called Allaquippa’s River. The island in the Ohio opposite this site was also called Allaquippa’s Island. Her name is preserved in the records of nearly every white traveler to the Ohio previous to the capture of Fort Duquesne. She was called by nearly all of these early traders and explorers “Queen" Allaquippa. There were no Indian “queens,” as there were no Indian princesses. She was an Indian sachem of a small company of Seneca, and probably a few Delaware, who resided in her village. Allaquippa was, beyond all doubt, a Seneca, and not a Delaware or a Mohawk, as is often stated. Conrad Weiser says so, and that ought to settle it, as Weiser was a Mohawk by adoption, and if there was any student of Indians in these early days who knew the difference between a Seneca and a Delaware, it was Conrad Weiser. This historic Indian woman was of a most discontented disposition, if her various moves from one place to another is any sort of an indica- tion of her character. If the various traditions of western PennsylvaniaIjrKWcahar » 302 n 'S&e&jstjC are taken into account, she must have spent the greater part of her time in moving from place to place. But, many of these traditions concerning the various “Allaquippa’s towns” are without any foundation of fact. They simply show how popular ‘‘Queen Allaquippa” still is, as so many places are anxious to claim her as one of the first inhabitants. Her first place of residence or stopping place in the Ohio region was in all probability at the mouth of Chartiers Creek, at the site of the present thriving industrial city of McKees Rocks. Where she came from or what her history was before this time, is mere tradition. She probably came down the Allegheny River from Seneca country on the upper waters of that river. The author is convinced that the various traditions which connect Allaquippa with various sites in Bedford County are due to confusing the name of Allaquippa with Allagrippus, who did live at the site of Raystown, or Bedford as it is now called. This confusion began very early in the history of the region. Allagrippus Town was often written “Allaguippas Town.” It was an easy move from this form of the name to the more familiar one of Allaquippas Town. Allaquippa is first mentioned in written history in the journal of Conrad Weiser in 1748. He says, after leaving Shannopin’s Town (Pitts- burgh): “We dined in a Seneka Town, where an old Seneka Woman Reigns with great Authority; we dined at her house,& they all used us very well; at this & the last-mentioned Delaware Town they received us by firing a great many Guns; especially at this last Place.” (Colonial Records, V. 349.) No matter what failing this “queen” may have had, she was always a most genial hostess to her white friends—of the British persuasion. This mission of Conrad Weiser to Logstown in 1748 was the first official mission of the English race to the Indians west of the mountains. It is, therefore, most historic. Many missions of the English speaking race to the Indians of the western country have taken place since that most memorable mission of Weiser. Do not forget that in 1748 the “western Indians” were the Indians living about the present city of Pittsburgh. In 1749, when Celoron de Bienville passed down the Allegheny and Ohio Rivers, taking possession of the Ohio in the name of the King of France, he stopped at the village of Allaquippa on August 7th. He says in his journal: “I re-embarked, and visited the village which is called the Written Rock.” The Iroquois inhabit this place, and it is an old woman of this nation who governs it. She regards herself as sovereign. She is entirely devoted to the English. All the savages having retired, there remained in this place six English Traders, who came before me trembling. This place is one of the most beautiful that until the present I have seen on La Belle Riviere.” (Jesuit Relations, LXIX, 175.) From the time of the commencement of the struggle between France and Great .............................................. .......... i TH El KedMak , ■ mill-. ..illitli ..llflN,.,ll!l|!,I.jhhi,j||[[ll1 jiillL.illflll.-llili-t lllill. -ijl[lti._ill!lh.....ulLiI» b Britain for the possession of the Ohio until her death, Allaquippa was devoted to the English. Traders and explorers of this race were always made welcome in her village. As Logstown was becoming the central trading point on the upper Ohio, it would seem that Allaquippa moved to the opposite shore of the river soon after the visit of Celoron. The great trail down the Ohio River crossed atShannopin'sTown and ran down the northern shore of the river through Logstown and on to the Muskin- gun. As nearly all of the traders went this way after 1749, Allaquippa, whose village at the mouth of Chartiers Creek, was out of the way of trade, crossed to the northern shore to avail herself and her following of the better trade of the great trail. The same reason probably made her again move, about 1752, to the northern shore of the Allegheny, opposite Shanno- pin’s Town (Pittsburgh). She was evidently at this place in 1752, when the commissioners of Virginia visited Logstown. On May 30th, 1752, these commissioners left Shannonpin’s Town (where they held a council with the Delawares) on their way to Logstown. In the journal of these commissioners it is stated: “When they came opposite the DelawareTown they were saluted by the discharge of fire-arms, both from the Town and the opposite shore, where Queen Allaquippa lives; and the compliment was returned from the canoes. The company then went on shore to wait on the Queen, who welcomed them, and presented them with a string of wampum, to clear their way to Logg’s Town. She presented them also with a fine dish of fish to carry with them, and had some victuals set, which they all eat of. The commissioners then presented the Queen with a brass kettle, tobacco, and some other trifles, and took their leave.” (Virginia Historical Magazine, XIII, 143, etc.) Soon after this time she moved to the mouth of the Youghiogheny River, at the site of the present McKeesport. She was living at this place in 1753, when Washington and Gist passed through the region when on their return from the French forts at Venango and LeBoeuff. Allaquippa was the first resident of western Pennsylvania, if not of the entire State, to entertain the first President of the United States, then an unknown boy of but twenty-three years of age. This was Washington’s first trip to the Ohio and his first official mission. Christopher Gist says in his journal of this mission: "Next day we waited on queen Allaquippa, who lives now at the mouth of Youghiogany. She said she would never go down the river Alleghany to live, except the English build a fort, and then she would go and live there.” (Darlington’s Gist, 86.) In the journal of Washington, on their return from Venango, he says: "As we intended to take horses here, and it required some time to find them, I went up about three miles (he was then at Frazier’s cabin at the mouth of Turtle Creek, where Braddock’s army crossed the Monogahela) to the mouth of the Youghiogheny to visit Queen Aliquippa, who had expressed great concern May 1"tr ^ri-y^r,Tr'-«i’nyltinr •"& TheBedMan 1 will. ..llljlli^illfllix.lllilli..thill'.llllll. ^l'tlL.ililllli ■jii2l>..>'il]Fli,^wl!!h>.iilll[li.. 303 4flLi TheKedMak ilh(..^iihii...ii!lii,...i«jtii...iil!ii..^iitti...iiil]i. ................................................nil! I*> May 4 fc^'ca^'rjcsrjiilll that we passed her in going to the fort. I made her a present of a watch- coat (match-coat) and a bottle of rum, which latter was thought much the better present of the two." (Western Annals, Albach, 120). Allaquippa had evidently acquired a fondness for the “fire-water" of the white man during these years of residence in the region, which later became famous in the days of the “Whisky Insurrection.” Washington returned to Virginia with his report of this trip and was soon after sent upon the expedition against the French forts by the wordy, but none the less patriotic, Governor Dinwiddie of Virginia. When his little army was encamped at the "Great Meadows," at the present Mount Washington, Fayette County, Queen Allaquippa and about 25 or 30 families of Indians joined him. After the battle of Fort Necessity Allaquippa, together with the other Indians who had been present at this first defeat of Washington, went to Aughwick (now Shirleysburg), where George Croghan lived. Here she remained until her death, about December 23, 1754. George Croghan says in a letter, dated December 23, 1754: “Alequeapy ye old quine is dead and Left Several Children.” (Archives of Penna., II, 218.) Allaquippa, Scarouady, and the other Indians who had been with Washington before his defeat were kept under Croghan's care at Aughwick until after the expedition of General Braddock in 1755. Both Allaquippa and Scarouady, however, died in 1754. The traditions concerning the residence of Allaquippa at Raystown (now Bedford), and her burial at this place have nothing of historic fact underlying them, in fact they cannot be true. The confusion of many authors in applying the references to Allaguipas (or Allegrippas) to Allaquippa underlie all of these traditions. The chief basis for these errors is due to the statement in the Colonial Records (Vol. VI, 588) where it is stated: “The Governor (R. H. Morris) addressing himself to Kanuksusy, the son of old Allaguipas, whose Mother was now alive and living near Ray’s Town, desired him to hearken for he was going to give him an English name.-In token of our Affection for your parents & in expectation of your being a useful man in these perillous Times, I do in the most solemn manner adopt you by the name of Newcasde, and order you to be called hereafter by the name which I have given you, because in 1701, I am informed, that your parents presented you to the late Mr. William Penn at Newcastle.” Cashiowaya, or Kanuksusy, the Indian who was given this name of Newcastle, or Captain New Castle, as he is more frequently called, was prominent in the Indian affairs of the province until his death in 1756. When this name of Newcastle was given him, August 22, 1755, his mother is mentioned as being alive and living near Ray’s Town. Allaquippa had died in December, 1754, so that the name “Allaguipas” in this reference is not a corruption of Alla-quippa, but is the name of his father, Allaguipas. The name of the mountain gap as well as the ridge of mountains was given in honor of the father of Captain New Castle, Allaguipas, and not in honor of the Seneca “Queen Allaquippa.” Because the latter name was the more known the former was thought to be a corruption of it, even by the early writers. Allegrippus, on the Pennsylvania Railroad, is a corruption of the father of Kanuksusy, or Captain New Castle. George Croghan knew Allaquippa too well to be mistaken as to her identity when she died at Aughwick in 1754. Traditions are most interesting, but they are most bothersome when they get mixed up with historical facts. Allaquippa was a most interest- ing Indian woman chief—not a princess or a queen, as the Indians knew of no such titles, save as they were bestowed upon them by the European. The author has often been asked if it is true that “Queen Allaquippa” once ruled over all of the region where the city of Pittsburgh now stands. 11 is most certainly not true. She was a village woman-chief, who entertained the commissioners of Virginia, who once had as a guest the immortal Washington, who was present at the battle at Fort Neces- sity (probably), who knew and traded with the famous prince of traders, George Croghan, who died and was buried at Aughwick and left behind her enough traditions concerning her life to cause the historian of today who seeks the real facts in her history unlimited burning of midnight oil. Allaquippa lived in one of the most interesting periods in American history. She was known by the great pioneers of the region beyond the chain of “Endless Mountains." Of all of the countless thousands of Indian women who once lived along the shores of the “Beautiful River,” her name alone remains in written history. That fact alone marks her as an unusual character. The others drifted away from the Ohio into the land of forgetfulness, not even leaving the record of their names. She lived in the village of “The Written Rock,” and she left her name re- corded in the written annals of Washington, Gist, Croghan, Lee, and of the State in which she lived. If Allaquippa was living to-day she would no doubt be seeking the friendship of the great characters of her environ- ment. That, of itself, constitutes a certain greatness of soul.Resolutions on the Seminoles. lorn Seminoles, and there is a hope that they may yet have a home in this land of their fathers. At its last meeting the Tampa Woman’s Club indorsed the following set of resolutions: Whereas, The Seminole Indians are the original owners of all the Everglades of Florida; and Whereas, The Seminoles of the Everglades have been reduced from a prosperous nation to a hungry, homeless, and helpless people because of white encroachment; and Whereas, The State of Florida was granted about five millon acres of land in the Everglades by the United States Government —the Indian population and their homes being a part of that grant; and Whereas, The State of Florida has disposed of all that tract but about one million acres, but has not made any provisions for homes for these Seminole Indians: Therefore be it Resolved, That the Tampa Woman’s Club go on record as being in favor of the people of Florida providing lands for homes in Florida for these Indians, and that a tract of one hun- dred thousand acres be set aside as a game preserve for these Indians, where they can engage in the livestock industry, and thus become self-supporting; it being the earnest desire to see these Indians civilized, Christianized, and made into worthy citizens. And that we indorse the adopted slogan of “Why Have the Seminoles of Florida Been Continually Denied Lands in the Everglades?” and that this call be carried to the American people, until the answer will be heard and the patriots of America demand by the mighty right of justice that the innocent and peace-loving Seminole be given his rightful heritage in Florida.Lace Making Among the Pueblo Indians: By Mabel E. Brown, U. S. Field Matron. AGUNA, New Mexico, is known to many tourists as an interesting Indian pueblo and as the starting point for the trip overland to Acoma and the famous Enchanted Mesa. At various distances from Laguna are smaller pueblos colonized by former members of the mother colony, Laguna. These include Seama, Paraje, Pa- juate, Casa Blanca, and Mesita. Many of the Indians in these pueblos speak English and are clean, industrious, and progressive as a result of years of training in Government schools. During three weeks of December, 1915, a lace institute was held at Laguna. It was attended by seventeen Government employees- Twelve of these were young Indian women who since graduating from Government boarding schools have been employed as assistant teachers, field matrons, or housekeepers in the Government day schools in the pueblos. And most efficient workers have they proven themselves to be, especially in domestic science, which feature of the school curriculum is emphasized in all schools maintained by the Government. This group of employees were taught lace making in order that they might teach it to the Indian women and school girls in the pueblos, and the lace school was organized as a result of months of effort on the part of P. T. Lonergan, superintendent of day schools in New Mexico, to have the work introduced officially in the pueblos under his jurisdiction, as it would furnish the Indians another means of livelihood. So the services of Miss Bertha Little were secured for the teaching of lace making. She had already taught the art to many Laguna Indian women and is employed there by a New York lace association which buys all the lacem&jxsix r	^1 J> 308 j iV'tL-xrzD1';/ W ’^i^^'ff-'i(^-'^'-'^^|j|r'^',|iitii|'^||i^i^iP'Tir^ : THE.KEDMAN; Lmi!|i. .nthi. jlllii,.A.jiilii.Jiillli..jilti..,iii!ii.jiJJi..J'illlii,.Jiillk..,iilik. jml r/:xr.,m,y:x h May HI fctxx’v'jC-ril made by Indians. This association is financed by a number of wealthy residents of New York who do this to aid the Indians. Blue-print designs, thread and pins are furnished, and in the designs Indian life is emphasized as is shown in “arrow-head lace” inserts whose central figure may be an Indian boy in a canoe, one with a bow and arrow, or an Indian mother and babe. Large numbers of Italian patterns are also used and the association has access to the wonderful collections of laces at the Metropolitan Museum. The following description of the work was furnished by Miss Little, as were the pictures to illustrate this article: During September, 1913, the "Cybil Carter Indian Lace Association” of New York City sent a teacher of bobbin lace-making to the Laguna Indians. The women and girls soon proved their ability to master the intricate patterns and to weave laces that would find ready sale in the cities of the East. During the first two years of work, about four hun- dred yards of edging and insertions were sent to the New York office. The Government officials in the field were quick to appreciate the ready market furnished by the lace association, for experience had shown that when introducing any kind of handicraft, a market for the finished prod- uct was the most important point to be considered. Venders of pottery and bead-work may be seen in all their pictur- esqueness at western railway stations, but prices paid for such handiwork are low and do not provide a living wage for the workers while demoral- ization of the venders generally result. High cash prices had been paid by the teacher for all laces as soon as finished, and the local officials saw in this plan of work a fine opportunity for the pecuniary benefit of the Indians. Superintendent of Pueblo Day Schools, P. T. Lonergan, conferred with the business manager of the lace association as to the advisability of introducing the work into the Pueblo schools. Numerous consultations were held between officials at New York and Washington and the lace association finally entered into an agreement with the Gov- ernment to give as many orders for laces as the Pueblo Indians should be able to fill. To this end, plans were made for the lace institute which was held at Laguna during the first three weeks of December, 1915. The services of Miss Bertha Little, the teacher already in the field, were secured and at the close of the institute all attendants had learned the rudimentary patterns, which are to be first taught in the schools. At this writing a number of pupils of these teachers are already filling simple orders for insertions and edgings. The field matrons who studied at Laguna are also teaching some of the adult women of the Santa Anas, Sandias, and Istetas, and it is hoped that a profitable industry has been launched for the whole Pueblo country.A FUTURE LACE MAKERPutting the Indian upon His Feet: By Francis E. Leupp, Ex-Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in New York Evening Post. HE impatience which characterizes all social movements in this rattling age seems to have infected the general policy of our Federal law- makers for putting the Indians upon their feet as independent citizens of the United States. The desire of many interested parties ap- parently is to accomplish for these people over- night the changes which with other races have consumed several generations. Fortunately, the most radical elements are not yet in control of affairs, and the more moderate men have still a chance to put on the brakes if they are watchful. Up to the time the present rush began, the Indian problem was slowly but surely working out its own solution under existing law. The cooping- up system of an earlier day was in process of disintegration, Indians being constantly encouraged to quit the reservations and hire out as mechanics, farm hands, roadbuilders, and laborers in other lines, and thousands taking advantage of the opportunity; and on the reservations themselves allotting agents were busy settling individual tribesmen on farms of their own, so that their surplus lands could be thrown open for sale to white farmers, from whom the Indians could learn by observation a multitude of things they would never acquire through ordinary chan- nels of instruction. But, though it had become merely a question of time when present conditions would give way to better, the transformation was too slow to suit some of its more strenuous advocates, and to-day there are pending in the Senate two bills proposing a complete overturn of the basic features of Indian administration. One bears the name of a very energetic agitator for reform of all sorts in this field, the other that of a man gener- ally reckoned a conservative of the conservatives in dealing with Indian interests. Both authors are influential members of the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs, and a threatening aspect of the case is that the Com- mittee has been seriously considering both bills, not as tentative sugges- tions, but as real legislative projects. The Plan to Abolish the Indian Bureau. Senate bill 4452, “for the abolishment of the Indian Bureau, and the closing out of Indian tribal organizations,” was introduced by Senator Lane of Oregon. It contemplates the immediate extinction of the offices of the Indian Commissioner and his two Assistant Commissioners, and the establishment of the Bureau as an independent institution, sub- ject only to the control of Congress. Its management is to be vested int. 310 ; t THBEEDMAM ; ; «*> « XXZWjGOTiC 112k AAA A A. A A A.. A. A. A-^0 Jfo&GX&JSSrJ& commissioners, appointed by the President, with the consent of the Senate, with salaries of $5,000 a year. So far, the idea is not original with Mr. Lane, Secretary Hoke Smith having recommended such a change during the second Cleveland Admin- istration. But what follows is new, as far as any formal and responsible presentation to Congress is concerned. It proposes to restrict the President, in his choice of the three Commissioners, to picking them from a bunch of five candidates nominated to him by a convention of dele- gates from all the Indian tribes. On the basis of representation laid down for it, this convention would consist of between six and eight hundred In- dians, and we know, from the example of white conventions of such size, what that would mean. Finally, the bill declares all present and future Indian allottees to be citizens, with “the same rights, privileges, and immunities of any other citizen of the United States.” No test of intelligence, education, capacity for self-support, degree of blood, or anything else, is imposed as a qualification for this advancement of their civic status, but at one stroke the bonds which have hitherto protected the incapables from the fruits of their own ignorance and folly are burst asunder, and the shield which has protected their few possessions from being taxed out of ex- istence is thrown aside. No one will suspect Mr. Lane of having any but a generous purpose in mind in making these revolutionary proposals. The Indians of his State and the far Northwest generally are much nearer competence to shoulder such responsibilities as he would put upon them than those of the more heavily populated central region. The broad theory which has caught the public fancy during the last few years is that the Indian should be released from his wardship, set upon his own feet, and required to look more and more after the welfare of his people. And that theory is a good one in itself, appealing to every unselfish friend of the red man; its only uncertain essential is the best means of realizing it. When we look back at the reconstruction era in the South after the Civil War, we see what happened when the negroes were suddenly laden with burdens of government of which they had never known anything before—the way the harpy element arose at once to the top and assumed an authority which enabled them to form unholy alliances with whites as unscrupulous as themselves, and thus connive at schemes which eventually drove their ignorant fellows practically back into a state of dependence. Mr. Lane, it is safe to say, would be the last man in Congress to wish to see that pitiful story repeated in the case of the Indians. Right to Manage Their Own Affairs. Senate bill 3904, “conferring upon tribes or bands of Indians the right of nomination and election of their agents and superintendents, to en-«. May ry	-<r"*r~Wjsmui I TheEedMan an 4 III .«iiiiiu_iiiiiih.iiiitiii_iiiihi. .iiiiiiii.jiitit .■iiiiijai<iiitii..i'iiiiiia.,«iinikMiiiiiii •. .>idii*nll I Lii :*r» yrnjrjuk courage them to interest themselves in their own affairs,” etc., was introduced by Senator Johnson, of South Dakota. It is more elaborate than the Lane bill, though aimed at the same general end—the “indepen- dence” of the Indian, or, as its effects would soon reveal it, his transfer from the domination of one master to the domination of another no better in any respect and in the main undoubtedly worse. Stripped of super- fluities, it comes down to the bald proposal to turn all the reservation Indians over to the care of agents and superintendents of their own choos- ing. To make a thorough job of it and have no left-overs, no person now in charge of an agency is to be retained “unless he shall have procured the consent, in writing, of a majority of the Indians over the age of twenty-one years within the jurisdiction of such agency.” The civil service law was enacted while Arthur was President, but, so vigorously did the spoilsmen resist every stage of its application to their favorite stronghold, the Indian Service, that it was not till the Roosevelt Administrtation that the last remnant, embracing the agents and superintendents, was brought within the operation of the law and the rules promulgated under it. The first effect of the pending bill would be to destroy the organization which has taken so many years and so much hard work to build up, and restore the chaos which formerly pre- vailed. Senator Johnson voiced the sentiment against which the cham- pions of the merit system have had to struggle from the beginning, when, apropos of his requirement for eligibility to an agent's position—that the candidate shall have resided for five years in the State within which his reservation is situated—he said: ‘‘We don’t want any carpet-baggers as superintendents.” In plain terms, their voting places must be in the right quarters or they are not to be considered. This local restriction has long been the curse of every branch of Indian administration. Min- nesota jealousy has been stirred at the thought of a Wisconsin lumber man obtaining a contract or other privilege in a Minnesota forest tract; Nebraskan influences have been turned against a Kansas man’s handling of a Nebraska reservation, and so on. As soon as we recognize distinction of location of source as of more importance than distinctions of inherent quality,we are where it is an easy step to distinctions of partisan affi- liation; and no one who can recall the mire of scandals into which the par- tisan regime of old plunged the Indian Service need be warned against the first step that costs so much in matters like this. Regarding Commissionerships. To the agencies affected by the Johnson bill are applicable the same considerations as apply to the commissionerships with which the Lane bill deals. But the agents are to be appointed by the Secretary of the Interior, not the President; and the Secretary, instead of being rigidly limited to a choice between a handful of candidates nominated to himfc 312 bwxairjsu!! ■II !► May by the Indians, is clothed with a modified form of veto power. He may if any candidate named is intemperate, immoral, tactless, or lacking in the qualifications necessary for the administration refuse to make the appointment, and the tribe nominate another candidate; and so, presuma- bly ad infinitum. The ease with which such a collision of opinions between the Secretary and a tribe may degenerate into a game of tire-out is obvious to any one who has watched at close range the conflict which occasionally develops between a stubborn President and a bad-tempered Senate over patronage questions. Waiving, however, the possibility of outward disharmony between a tribe and the Secretary at the outset, what can be said of the wisdom likely to be shown by the average Indian tribe in the selection of its agent? Our red people, contrary to the notion common among whites who have not studied them on their own ground, are the gentlest and most patient people under adverse conditions that can be found anywhere in the world. They will submit quietly to a thousand impositions where they will actively resent one. They are easily led by designing scamps who know how to work upon their friendly trustfulness. The intricacies of government as we understand it are impenetrable mysteries to them, reared as they have been under a sort of patriarchal communism; and their training for American citizenship needs to be more elementary, and carried further, than the corresponding training given to a youth of our own blood or to a foreigner emigrating to the United States from a country where Caucasian rule, of whatever character, has been im- memorial. Let skeptics read the history of the Indian Territory, where the five “civilized” tribes had the selection of their governors and legis- latures for a half-century, and brought their affairs to such a pass that the Federal authority was obliged, in the interest of common law, order, and decency, to enter and set matters right, sometimes with a pretty high hand. By all means, let us get rid of the Indian Bureau as soon as that can be done without inviting too heavy a risk of damage of the helpless people over whom it exercises guardianship. Let us put the Indian upon his feet and cut the leading-strings as fast as practicable. But the present process for accomplishing these ends, though it may take considerably longer, is far safer in the main than the ultra-expeditious methods provided in the bills at which we have just been glancing. There is no way of proving the pudding that equals the eating of it; and the most conclusive means of showing what such legislation would mean would be to make the experiment. The trouble with that lies, however, in our inability to retrieve the blunder after it is once made. Most of us will agree that, in order to train a backward child to walk alone, it is neither necessary nor prudent to set it down in the midst of a highway teeming with automobiles, and leave it there to shift for itself.Is a College Education Necessary To Success? By Lloyd Bruce Mitchell. "*E’S a smart young man. If he could have only had a college education he would make a big suc- cess in life." Something to this effect is said every day—by H	people who do not know what they are talking !	about. Nothing will so discourage the young man who has not been able to secure a college or university education as to tell him that, or let him hear it said about anyone. It sounds logical and he is quite likely to believe it and go out and hunt up the first little job he can find and settle down to stay in that rut all the rest of his days. Better by far to tell him he is a fool. If there is any merit in a young man, any of the stuff in him that makes successful men, he will get hot under the collar and make the effort of his life to prove that the person who called him a fool was a poor judge of fools. The world is full of men who have made big successes of their lives with only a common school education. There are more of this sort in America than anywhere else, and many of them did not get into the grammar schools, much less go through high school. A college education is a mighty fine thing. But to be a young man in America with good health and a common school education is also a mighty fine thing. To refuse to try to make a success of life just because one has been unable to go through college is as stupid as to refuse to swim ashore when floundering out a few yards above your depth just because some other chap has a boat. Perhaps the chap in the boat cannot swim a stroke. If only men who were graduated from some college or university were successful, there would be several billions of dollars less in circulation» 314 ...ji,- 'fff f yttff TheBedMam it May 4 ILtk .•iilk.jllbh^ftu..i!i!fa.JlIli..rfil!li,..iilk^lllhi-idllii^iiijrtllfcw.>i<t*'*iO'Mli*-,,,C^,,ll,,’.iiriM...»,*‘.iiili. today. This country would not have half as many miles of railroad, there would be a million or more less jobs for working men and, take just one inventor—Edison—he went to school only three months and was taught by his mother until twelve years old, when he began selling candy and papers on trains. The young man who goes out to win his way, with a diploma on the wall, may have a better vocational equipment— or he may be handicaped. It depends upon the use he has made of his opportunities at college. The boy who gets right into practical life in a trade or business, upon a rudimentary education, takes into his work youth, health, ambition, and often the impulse of necessity—great stimulants these, as is revealed in the lives of men who have helped to make America big and without a college training. Our railroads were not built by college men; our vast farming wealth is not the result of college education; our bankers have, as a rule, come up from the office clerk and accountant's desk; our railroad presidents are largely from the yard and engine, and men in all lines of work are still finding success possible without a college education. In fact, many college authorities themselves are at sea as to the value of their curric- ulums in practical life. The president of Cornell University in a report some time ago, said: “The college is without clear-cut notions of what a liberal education is, how it is to be secured, and the pity of it is that this is not a local or special disability, but a paralysis affecting every college in America." It is the exceptional boy who is benefited by a college education, just as it is the exceptional boy who succeeds in life. The Man, not the College. THE youth who ‘‘lays down" because he cannot go through college, believing success in life is denied him for that sole reason, is en- tirely mistaken in himself. He would "lay down” at college exactly the same. He is the sort of youth who believes that an education must come through college and that at such an institution the learning is "absorbed” or administered in some easy manner, much as we would take a sugar- coated pill. The youth who decides he can make good without a sheepskin pro- claiming to the world that he is entitled to have “B. A." or “B. Sc.” or "B. Lit.” after his name, is the one who is going to win success. If only one or two avenues of success were open to the non-college man there would be good and sufficient reason for him to bemoan the fate that denied him a higher education, but practically every business success may be obtained without a college education. The law school, the medical school, and the theological school arenecessary preliminaries to the practice of these three professions, but the proportion of lawyers, doctors, or clergymen who achieve exceptional success is slight in comparison to that achieved by merchants, inventors, financiers, and various captains of industry. M ERICA is alive today and hustling and thriving because of the thousands of instances of young men who, denied a college educa- tion, refused to groan dismally and say, "It’s all up with me, I can never get anywhere in life!” but started out and put their best energy into everything they undertook because they had good sense to know that, after all, it is the man, not the college, that spells success. Alfred H. Smith, the new president of the New York Central Railroad, is an instance—one of the thousands of instances—of a young man who attained great success without the aid of a college education, without the aid of any schooling after he was thirteen years old. He had expected to go to college, but his father died and he had to help in the bread- winning. Mr. Smith was born in Cleveland, O., and when his mother told him, upon the death of his father, that he must go to work, he hustled out and got a job as messenger in the office of the purchasing agent of the Lake Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad at eighteen dollars a month, or a little less than four dollars and fifty cents a week. He did this, he said, because railroading had always fascinated him. “I decided that if I liked railroads so well, I would do better working for one than at anything else,” said Mr. Smith. After a while he was promoted to assistant to the man in charge of the railroad stationery, then he was promoted to a clerkship in the office where he had worked as messenger. Now, the biggest incident in President Smith’s life was not when, ;n December, 1913, he was made the head of the New York Central Railroad, it was away back when he gave up a ten-dollar-a-week clerk- ship in the purchasing agents’ office of the Lake Shore & Michigan South- ern Railroad in Cleveland, and took a nine-dollar-a-week job as a member of a section gang out in Toledo! His friends, with the exception of his mother (mothers are always right by intuition), plainly called him a fool. He had an easy job as a clerk, and here he was deliberately throwing ii up to take a dollar a week less and swing a pick all day! It did seem foolish, but it was the biggest moment of his career. "I knew I could never learn the railroad business at a petty clerk’s desk,” said President Smith, "and I knew I could learn it literally from the ground up if I started as one of a section gang.” THAT is the secret of success without a college education—the ability to see ahead, the ambition to get ahead and the pluck to stick to it. President Smith soon became foreman of the section gang, then he was► 316 'J XOSWjeni I*1 May 4 'The RedMan„ nnlli.. .allilli...>lilli.j||)llli..,;liili,.iil|ll|l.rf!l6i,.,ildli. .•iiili...i-lllUi. .iillllki..iltllii. ...Jll.ii made general foreman. Eleven years after he started as messenger boy he was made superintendent of the Kalamazoo division. He con- tinued to work just as hard as when swinging a pick on the tracks. In 1901 he was made general superintendent of the Lake Shore road transferred the next year to the New York Central as general super- intendent, general manager in 1903, and vice-president and general manager in 1906. If there be any young man who, reading this, exclaims, "Oh, well, he had a lot of luck,” that young man need not worry because he cannot go to college. Even a college education would not help him. It wasn’t luck that made young “Al” Smith chuck up an easy ten-dollar clerkship for a nine-dollar-a-week job with a pick—stick a “p” in front of the “luck” and that’s the real answer. The record of men who have become railroad presidents, despite the lack of a college education, is far too long to permit any belief that luck played a part in it. It was merit that won President Smith’s success and it was merit that has won similar successes under similar conditions for more than a score of our leading railroad men. Samuel Rea, president of the Pennsylvania Railroad, left school when he was fifteen, in Hollidaysberg, Pa., and got a job as chainman with some civil engineers employed by the Pennsylvania Road. The rest of his schooling was derived from experience and his ability to absorb all that was worth while going on about him. E. J. Chamberlain, president of the Grand Trunk Railway system and the Grand Trunk Pacific, got a common school education at Lancaster, N. H., and went to work as timekeeper in the car shops at St. Albans, Vt. The railroads of which he is the head are known as the ‘‘three-cornered roads,” and it is said of them that they are owned in London, influenced in Ottawa and regulated in Washington, yet President Chamberlain has never found a time when he thought he could have managed the mammoth properties better if he could only have gone to college. Benjamin F. Brush went to the public schools in Wellsboro, Pa., and then quit to go to work in a railroad office. Today he is president of the Missouri Pacific Railway, the Denver & Rio Grande Railway, and the Western Pacific. In 1900 he was consulting engineer for the United States Geological Survey and in 1907 he was appointed by President Roosevelt a member of the Advisory Board on Fuels and Structural Material. Started as a Clerk. PRESIDENT Smith of the New York Central thought he couldn’t work up to the presidency of a railroad through a petty clerkship- A. L. Mohler thought differently. He started in 1860 as a clerk and is now president of the Union Pacific. Wm. J. Harahan was switchmanin a freight yard at the time of the Civil War. Now he is president of the Seaboard Air Line. Benjamin H. Winchell started in at fifteen as a helper in the railroad shops at Hannibal, Mo. He is president of the St. Louis & San Francisco Road. In 1882 William Sproule was a freight clerk on the Southern Pacific. In 1911 he was president of that road. Carl R. Gray just missed college. He went through the preparatory school for the University of Kansas and then had to go to work, so he studied telegraphy and got a job as an operator, working for a number of railroads. Now he is president of the Great Northern Railway. Daniel Willard, born in North Hartland, Vt., got as far as high school when he went to work as a fireman on the old Boston & Maine Railroad. He was eighteen then. When he was thirty-eight he was assistant general manager of the Baltimore and Ohio. Two years later he was first vice-president and general manager, then he became vice-president of the C. B. & Q., after that president of the Colorado Midland, and today he is president of the Baltimore & Ohio. James J. Hill, who was far more than a railroad president, had only such education as he could get in a Quaker school in Canada. He became a railroad builder—in fact, he created more than a billion dollars’ worth of wealth in real property and his achievements are without parallel in the history of railroads. Sir William Van Horne was another great rail- road builder who left the grammar school to become a telephone operator. Former President Mellen of the New Haven Road started in as a clerk at seventeen and the late E. H. Harriman as an errand boy at fourteen. None of these men had other than a common school education. How much better could they have succeeded in life if they had been through college cannot be estimated, of course, but inasmuch as they all climbed to the top, there seems to be no opportunity for regrets on that score. But it doesn’t matter whether it is railroads or pins and needles, whether it is coke or automobiles, electricity or dress goods, the oppor- tunity is there, and it looms as large to the young man who has the right stuff in him but who lacks a college education as it does to the man who boasts a famous alma mater and wears a frat pin. The capable youth is constantly educating himself while he is working. If he is not capable, the sort of education he would get at college would scarcely be worth two pins to him. THERE is John North Willys, who started out with what Canan- daigua, N. Y., offers as a common school education. His “college education” was selling bicycles. Along with thousands of other boys he got the bicycle craze. But he wasn’t so crazy about bicycles that he lost sight of the fact that he had got to make a living. Not only that, but more than a living. He wanted to make a success, and he did itfrJCTJL'VSXtn 318 1 ; Th e KaspMAN; p^evMLxaraj May Hll without a college education and without financial backing or funds of his own at the start. Still fond of bicycles, he opened a repair shop. When he got all the repair business there was in the county that was worth while, he found he wasn’t anywhere near big enough. He was a sales- man when the panic of 1907 came and, having got control of the Indian- apolis plant of the Overland Automobile Company, he manufactured his ordered cars. Two years later he purchased the Pope Toledo plant at Toledo and is now president of the Willys Overland Company, Toledo; owner of the Garford Company, Elyria, O.; Gramm Motor Truck Company, Lima, O.; Federal Motor Works, Indianapolis; Mor- row Manufacturing Company, Elmira, N. Y., and he has a score of other interests and an immense fortune. He did all of this without the aid of a college education, in fact with only a country school education, without any capital at the start and in twenty-five years of hard work. When one draws a mental picture of a man at the head of a bank or several banks, partner in one of the biggest financial concerns in the world, and director in more big enterprises than he has letters to his name, it is natural to believe that surely a thorough college edu- cation, in addition to other special training, must be necessary to equip one for such a high place in the world of finance. There is abundant proof, however, that the college is not necessary and that the so-called special training can be, and generally is, acquired day by day while working up from office boy in a bank to its head, or to the head of some other bank of far greater importance, as is generally the case. Wanted to be a Bank President. HENRY POMEROY DAVISON, who will be forty-seven years old next June, is a member of the firm of J. P. Morgan & Company; chairman of the executive committee and director of the Liberty National Bank, Astor Trust Company, and Banker’s Trust Company in New York; director of the Western Union Telegraph Company, the National Bank of Commerce, the Erie Railroad, the C., H. & E. Railroad, the New York, Susquehanna & Western Railroad, the First National Bank of New York, the First Security Company; he is a trustee of the Stevens Institute of Technology, Hoboken, N. J., director and member of the endowment fund committee of the American National Red Cross and, incidentally a knight of the Order of the Crown of Italy, and has honorary college degrees attached to his name. Mr. Davison’s education consisted of a few years in a country school in Bradford County, Pa., and a few more years in a small school in South Williamston, Mass. When Mr. Davison went back to his home in Troy, Pa., a boy of seventeen, he got a job as clerk in a bank, and after he had worked there a number of years, fully convinced all the time«” ilk THBEBdMaN • 319 4 l!!iik,,i:;:w^-z:r,ic:.lll[Il!6u .a.a..*.tSfcV’cv^iC^ia that he not only wanted to be a bank president, but would be, he decided that he did not want to be president of so small a bank as that of his home town. So he found a place as teller in the Pequonnock Bank in Bridge- port, Conn., and later in the old Astor Place Bank, New York; then he went to the Liberty National Bank in New York in the same capacity. Not long after that he was successively made cashier, vice-president, and president. At the end of three more years he was elected vice-president of the First National Bank and about that time was admitted to partner- ship in the great banking house of J. P. Morgan & Company. The only education Mr. Davison had, aside from the public schools and a short term at South Williamston, Mass., was at night school in New York, where he studied law. Today Mr. Davison is one of the most powerful men in national and international finance, and in this year’s New York tax list he was rated among a group of New Yorkers whose income exceeded SI,000,000 annually. James B. Duke, the multi-millionaire and “Tobacco King," started a tobacco business with his father in a tumble-down log hut, in Durham, N. C., on a capital that consisted of about 200 pounds of tobacco they had grown themselves, and a country school education. He is head of the American Tobacco Company today and that is only one of a score of his mammoth interests. FROM preparing tobacco in a log cabin to taking the squeak out of a tin-horn is quite a jump, but the boys in America who have started with only a common school education and no capital and attained great success have jumped not only far but in every direction. Eldridge R. Johnson was a penniless machinist seventeen years ago. He is the man who took the squeak out of the tin-horn and in so doing put a number of millions of dollars in his pocket. With a young friend he opened a shop seventeen feet square in Camden, N. J. From this little shop grew an establishment covering fifteen acres of floor space and from an income of eight dollars a week in his little shop the company he now controls does a business of 835,000,000 a year. His success was simple enough. All he did was to work and to work and work some more. This work included several inventions and then came his talking machine motor. He wanted to make a motor that would take the grating, squeaking noise out of talking machines, and he did it. His education consisted of what the teachers in the district school at Smyrna, Del., could impart to him. George Eastman, educated in the common schools of Waterville, N. Y., became so interested in photography that he wanted others to enjoy it, and studied to make cameras that would do good work and yet not cost so much that people couldn’t afford them. While he wasMMlTM r	_	*i ► 320 ZTJB working on this he perfected a dry plate, whereas, before that, every plate had to be freshly flooded with a nitrate of silver mixture. The dry plate was the first big step in making photography possible for amateurs. Mr. Eastman is a millionaire many times over and one word tells more about his business than anything else that could be phrased today, that is “kodak." A QUIET, undersized little boy learned his three R’s in the district school of Overton, Pa., a town so small that it is seldom on the map. He left school at thirteen and went to sell flour in his grand-father’s store. It never occurred to him that just because he couldn’t go to college he had got to stand behind the counter all his life and sell flour. He became interested in the way they made coke, so he saved a little earnings and started a small coke business. That was Henry Clay Frick, better known today as “Silent” Frick, worth many millions, and few men have more financial interests in railroads, coal mines, banks, and other enterprises than he. Two years ago his son was married and so he handed his daughter-in-law a check for $2,000,000 and his son a check for $12,000,000 and he did it all without the aid of a college diploma. Frank W. Woolworth was a clerk in a general store in Rodman, N. Y. It is doubtful if the best college training in the world would have helped him to think of establishing a five-and-ten-cent store. The Woolworth Building in New York, the tallest office structure in the world, is one of the monuments to his success. The college is not necessary for success in mercantile business. John Wanamaker helped his father in a brick-yard. H. Gordon Selfridge, who owns the greatest department store in England, left school when he was twelve and started as an errand boy out in Wisconsin. The late Marshall Field was another merchant prince who had no college education. X_TENRY FORD went to a district school in Greenfield, Mich., until he was fifteen, when he was delighted over the chance to go to work in a machine shop at seventy-five cents a day. One thousand auto- mobiles a day, the present record of the Detroit plant, tells in a few words how he managed to worry along without college. Thomas Edison and more than a score of other successful inventors got along without going through college. Nathan Straus, who came to America from Bavaria when six years old and got all his schooling at the public schools in Georgia, amassed an immense fortune. Andrew Carnegie, who came from Scotland when he was fifteen, also did pretty well without going through college. He started in as a weaver’s assistant, became a telegraph operator and by hisenergy and good character was able to borrow five hundred dollars to invest in a sleeping car proposition, and from that day on he made money so fast that, as he says today, it fairly startled him. Charles M. Schwab drove a village stage in Williamsburg, Pa., but gave it up to drive stakes at thirty dollars a month for the engineering corps working for the Edgar Thompson Steel Works, a branch of the Carnegie Steel Company. John D. Rockefeller attended the public schools in Redgeford, N. Y., and that was all the schooling he got, yet he became the wealthiest man in America and thus far has given away about §150,000,000. “But suppose I do not want to go into business," says the young man who, despite his lack of college education, is eager to succeed in life. “Suppose my ambition is to become a statesman, or a philosopher, or a man of letters? The success seems to be all in the way of business. Is there any chance for a young man without a college education to succeed along other lines?” nPHERE are all sorts of chances for success without a college education. This has been proven over and over. Eleven of the Presidents, Washington, Jackson, Van Buren, W. II. Harrison,Taylor, Fillmore, Lin- coln, Johnson, Grant, Cleveland, and McKinley attained the highest polit- ical honors possible in this country, without the aid of a college. More than thirty of our United States senators had only a common school education. Senator Bankhead, of Alabama, never went to school, but educated himself; Senator White, from the same state, got all of his schooling from his older sister; Senator Hoke Smith, of Georgia, was educated by his father; Senator Knute Nelson, of Minnesota, born in Norway, got about three years of common school education. Senator Walsh, of Montana, whose only education was secured in public schools, taught school and was awarded a life certificate covering all branches included in the usual college course; Senator Norris, of Nebraska, was bound out to various farmers and got about six years of schooling, and of the thirty or more senators who missed college, none of them went higher than the public schools and most of them had to leave school by the time they were fourteen. As for congressmen, members of the House of Representatives, hun- dreds of them never went to college. Some of the great successes in life, of from one to three or four genera- tions ago, who had no college training, included Peter Cooper, who went to school one year; John Ericsson, Richard P. Dana, the first August Bel- mont, Edwin Booth, the first James Gordon Bennett, Frank Lesie, James, John, Wesley, and Fletcher Harper, who founded the publishing house fo Harper & Bros.; Theodore Weed, and Horace Greeley.1V/T EN of letters of today who succeed without going to college are -I-*-®- many. They include Henry Watterson, Frank A. Munsey, Arthur Brisbane, Harry Leon Wilson, and a very long list of others. William Ashley Sunday, the evangelist, better known as “Billy” Sun- day; Luther Burbank, the great naturalist; General Nelson A. Miles, re- tired commander of the United States Army; “Uncle Joe” Cannon; all these tell of only a few of the varied successes in life that have been made on a foundation of no more than an ordinary common school education. "A higher education,” says Abraham Flexner, graduate of Harvard and University of Berlin, member of Carnegie Foundation, and General Educational Board, and author, in his treatise on the American College, ‘‘is quite likely to educate a young man high in the air, as it were, where it leaves him without a parachute to get to earth again." Mr. Flexner also believes that colleges all too frequently fail to call into action a respectable portion of youth’s total energy in intellectual effort. Not that the author does not believe every young man who has the opportunity to go to college should do so. In fact, the successful men, the brainy men who were unable to secure a college education for themselves do, for the most part, send their sons to college. At the same time these men are emphatic in their declaration that because the young man finds it impossible to secure a college education, he should never become discouraged. The proof that every young man who has inherent ability can succeed without going to college is so great that there is no gainsaying it.The Seminoles of Florida: From the Savannah News. HE Seminole Indians of today are only a frail rem- nant of the mighty tribe of Osceola’s time. Ever since their separation from the Creeks of Georgia, their lives have been one long struggle for existence and for a place which they might call home. Their name in Indian dialect means “wild wanderer,” and it is certainly not a misnomer in this instance. For years their home has been in the wilderness of the Florida Everglades, and there they lived the simple life, feeding upon such game as deer, bear, turkey, and small fowl. They had the native fruits and nuts, and on the little islands which rose above the waters of the ’Glades they cultivated potatoes, beans, corn, and a starchy plant called “coontie,” from which they made the flour. Then came the draining and reclaiming of the Everglades which spoiled her game preserve, for the white man began to set up farmers where once the wild animals roamed. Even the little dry islands of the Glades where the corn and the coontie once flourished have been turned into truck gardens for the raising of vegetables for the Northern markets. The white man’s gun has frightened away all the big game, and even quail, quirrels, and fish are scarce. The Seminole still has his alligator-catching industry in a part of the swamp as yet untouched by the big dredge, and for a time he managed to sell these to advantage to the mission trading post about seventy miles from Fort Myers. But the European war has claimed even the people of the Florida wilderness as victims. The shutting off of the European mar- ket for these hides has been the final blow and the struggle of the Seminole to-day is one of the pathetic instances of the far-reaching effects of that awful conflict now being waged beyond the seas. A sensitive race, with no particular fancy for the white man, the Seminoles for years have re- sented the missionaries who came among then bringing medical aid and methods of sanitation as well as the teaching of the Gospel, and it seems the very irony of fate that just as these simple people were becoming inter- ested in the work of the mission and ready to trust the pale face, the good physican who had done so much for them died and the European war closed up their one chance of making a living. For a time it was feared that they would starve, but good friends came to their aid and they are managing to eke out an existence. Intermarried With Negroes in Early Days. THEY are totally unlike any other tribe of Indians, due perhaps to the fact that the Florida wilderness was the hiding place ofF in* 324 axxwjssrjit. t TheEedMan "•> I □k AAA A Jk ...........JkA.^lKik^lCaCf^£y^,J runaway slaves from the Southern States as well as the Indians. The Seminoles welcomed the fugitives and in time they intermarried. The planters tried in vain to find some way by which they could secure the return of their “wool and ivory” but in vain, for the United States at that time (1810) was too much occupied with the troubles with Great Britain to get into a broil with Spain over a few runaway negroes. So the Indians and the slaves were let alone and they lived in peace and harmony for many years. Finally, in 1819, Florida was purchased from Spain for the sum of $5,000,000 and the Seminoles were brought under the dominion of the United States. For a time the tribe suffered from the plunder of slave catchers who, besides seizing the negroes, stole horses and cattle and committed other depredations. The Indian pleaded for redress but things continued to grow worse until 1828, when the plan of emigration to Arkansas was submitted to th» chiefs. The Indians knew that the climate was different and their plea to remain in Florida was pathetic. Then, too, the negroes were to be left behind and many of them were the husbands and wives of the Seminoles, and they decided to refuse to emigrate. United States troops were sent to the scene, when the Indians began to commit a series of outrages against the whites and horrible tragedies followed one another in quick succession. Osceola. IT WAS at this period that the famous warrior Osceola came into prominence. His wife, being an African slave, was seized and carried away, and when the young warrior made an attempt to rescue her he was put in jail. His one idea was to get revenge on the white man for the capture of his wife, so he pretended to be repentent, and when released he ambushed and killed his jailer, Gen. Thompson, and a com- panion who happened to be walking with the officer at that time. The awful slaughter of the United States troops, known as Dade’s Massacre, followed. The United States was unprepared to act quickly and vigor- ously and after series of bloody skirmishes word was received from Washington that the Government had decided to permit the negroes to go with the Indians if they would emigrate peacefully to Arkansas. Just as this was about to be carried out some of the slave holders objected and the Indians, fearing that the treaty was a ruse, fled to the woods with their war cry. Osceola was their leader—a hero among his people. Tall and erect, with eyes that fairly looked through the person who met his gaze, the Indian swayed his warriors and proved himself a military tactician of no low order. He was finally surrounded by our troops and captured. He died in prison in 1838 and is buried at Fort Moultrie, near Charles- town, S. C. This chief tan is the national hero of the Seminole tribe. The dark days of massacres and savage warfare between our troopsCLASS IN DOMESTIC ART—MT. PLEASANT INDIAN SCHOOL. MICHIGANand the Seminoles have passed and as far as the United States Govern- ment is concerned there are no Indians in Florida for, according to the old treaty, they emigrated to Arkansas long ago. Somebody, however, must have found the Florida Indians, for in 1892 an agency was set up near Fort Myers for the purpose of assisting the Indians and an appro- priation of $6,000 a year was made to run it. A sawmill was built and a school opened, but the Indians did not take kindly to the institution and it was abandoned. Since that time the welfare of the Seminole has been looked after by missionaries and a society known as the Friends of the Florida Seminoles. The Department of the Interior has set aside 23,000 acres of land to be held in trust for the Florida Indians, so that when they are finally driven from all other property they may retire to this place and live there without being further molested. Courtship. ONLY a few of them speak English, as their chiefs disapprove of its use by the tribe. They prefer to keep aloof from the white man and his ways. Like the Alaskan Indians, they have their clans and under no circumstances do the clans marry among themselves, which probably accounts for their sturdy figures. The courtship of the Seminole is short. When a young brave sees a girl he admires he seeks out her parents and the girl is consulted by them on the subject. If she refuses her father does not insist on her marryng against her will, and the young man goes off to hunt another bride. If, however, the girls sees fit to accept his attention he goes deer hunting and if he succeeds in bagging his game the young woman will find a dead deer outside her wigwam. The lover hides in the bushes and watches. If the carcass is taken into the house it is a sure sign of her acceptance. A few days later she makes a shirt, usually bright in color, and sends it to her admirer. Then the day of the marriage is set and the young man goes to the girl’s home at sunset and takes up his residence there. He is now her husband and they set about to build their home in the camp of the wife’s mother, for here again like the Alaskan Indians, the child takes the clan of the mother instead of the father. Picturesque Clothing. BOTH the men and women love gay colors, and although they mix them without the slightest regard for harmony, the make-up of their costumes is picturesque. The men, who are always tall and of a dark copper color, usually wear deerskin leggings and moccasins, a bright colored shirt and tunic around which the sash is draped. The belt is made of buckskin with pouches for hunting knife, a revolver, and ammu- nition. Sometimes the Seminole brave wraps his head in a red bandana handkerchief, and at others he wears a derby hat. The woman, too, has1C 326 11 ThbEedMan w ifT	li»i l\<f|j I./X x JL L ,1 V .Jitti1jik,a[|i,.A,iillli.^ttl..iillia-i^.,iifc..JliIllfc..,.iIi^.^il!1l May il|| fcfcXX*rxn^<id a fine physique and magnificent hair. She affects bangs and wears her hair in a phyche knot. She is always barefooted and her wide flowing skirt is made long enough to reach her toes. Beads arc worn as marks of distinction and mean everything to the dark-skinned woman of the ’Glades. She receives her first string when she is one year old, and one string for each year until she is wedded. After marriage she receives two strings for each child born. On festal occasions she piles up her neck with from twenty to thirty pounds of glass beads and walks about like a grand dame. When she reaches middle life she begins to take off the strands one by one and by the time she is no longer able to work she has but one strand, known as life beads, and these are buried with her. Sofka being the national dish—a stew made of meat and thickened with vegetables or grits. It is cooked in a huge kettle and eaten from a large wooden spoon which is passed from one to another—not very sanitary, to say the least. Sofka to the Seminole is like frijoles to the Mexican, and poi to the Hawaiian. The spoons used are difficult toobtain> as they are family heirlooms and cannot be sold without the consent of the woman who is head of the house. Each family has a sort of coat-of-arms carved on the spoon. Alligator Hunters. THE men are great alligator hunters. In hunting these a steady nerve and an unerring shot are essential. The Seminoles go out in canoes on dark nights carrying a bull’s eye lantern and from time to time throw the light over the water. When a 'gator is located the Indian steers his canoe to a point about ten feet from his prey and puts a shot between the eyes of the monster. Before the ’gator can flounder out of reach the Indian severs the spinal cord and drags the carcass into the boat. The alligator possessses an extraordinary vitality, the neves often being active for several hours after the head has been severed from the body, and the writhings of the huge bodies are frightful. Picturesque Dances. THE tribe has its festivals and dances, many of which are not unlike the Indian dances in the Southwest. The medicine men of the tribe usually arrange the time for the date of the Green Corn Dance, a festival which is governed by certain phase of the moon. This dance is perhaps the most important of their festivals, and is held as an expression of gratitude to the Great Spirit for an abundant harvest—a custom bor- rowed from the ancient sun worshipers. The Hunting Dance takes place once in four years, and is a genuine play day for the men, women, and children. These dances, while not as weird as those of the Indians of the Far West, are quite as remarkable and well worth visiting if the traveler is willing to brave the Florida sun in July.Gen. Leonard Wood Tells How He Helped Capture Geronimo: From New York Times. AJOR GEN. LEONARD WOOD, who commands the Eastern Department of the United States Army, went into Mexico thirty years ago on a punitive expedition similar to that organized for the capture of the bandit Francisco Villa, and the other day related his experiences to a representative of The New York Times, and also brought to light a cherished possession, the report of Captain Henry W. Lawton of the Fourth Cavalry, who led the little band of soldiers that chased the Apache Chief Geronimo into the rough mountain country of Sonora and Chihuahua—the same country in which Villa is supposed to be hiding. People who recall their border history are aware of the fact that President Wilson established no precedent when he ordered Major Gen. Funston to organize a military expedition to cross the Mexican line in pursuit of Villa, whose raid upon Columbus, N. Mex., exhausted the patience of the Washington authorities. Twice before the United States Government had ordered troops into Mexico to run down Indian outlaws, the most remarkable expedition being that led by Lawton, who was destined to become famous as a soldier in Cuba and the Philip- pines. Brigadier General Pershing, who will have actual charge of the present expedition, is the man who made himself feared by the wild Moro tribes of the Philippine archipelago, while his chief, Funston, is the daring soldier who captured Aguinaldo, the leader of the Filipino rebellion. Both men thoroughly understand the difficulties of rough country, and some officers who have seen service on the Mexican border believe that the pursuit of Villa is more than likely to duplicate in its difficulties and hardships the Lawton expedition of 1886. Wood and Lawton were the only two officers to go through the entire campaign. For his services in that campaign, and on the reccommenda- tion of Lawton, Wood was awarded the Medal of Honor, the highest tribute that the Government can pay an officer of the service. General Wood and General Lawton remained the most intimate of friends, andthe facts from which this story is woven were taken from Lawton’s report, which is carefully preserved by General Wood. In May, 1886, the Fourth United States Cavalry was on border duty at Fort Huachuca in the Territory of Arizona. Lawton was in command of Troop B and Leonard Wood was an assistant surgeon attached to the regiment. The adjutant was James Parker, now a brigadier general commanding a brigade of cavalry on the Rio Grande. For years the troops on that part of the border had been kept busy chasing Indian outlaws led by the Apache chieftains Geronimo, Natchez, and Vittorio. In 1884 a detachment of cavalrymen pursued Vittorio into the fastnesses of Sonora. Captain Emmet Crawford of the Third Cavalry commanded the expedition and was killed by Mexicans when he was returning to the border with his prisoners. In 1886 the situation along the boundary had become so serious and the depredations of Geronimo and Natchez were of such frequent occurrence that the Government decided that the time had come to put an end to the Indian chiefs and their followers. The result was the order, issued at the instance of the President, for the capture of the out- laws. Lieut. Gen. Nelson A. Miles commanded the border patrol, and by his instructions Colonel Royal, then in command of the Fourth Cavalry, organized the expedition, placing Lawton in command. The order, dated Fort Huachuca, May 4, 1886, was short and to the point. It read: “In compliance with the instructions of the department commander, Captain H. W. Lawton, Fourth Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty at this post, and will assume command of an expedition into Mexico against the hostile Apaches. Captain Lawton will take the field with the least practicable delay. His command will consist of thirty-five men of Troop B, Fourth Cavalry, twenty Indian scouts, twenty men of Company D, Eighth Infantry, and two pack trains.” In less than twenty-four hours the Lawton expedition was under way, the officers, in addition to Lawton and Wood, being First Lieu- tenant Henry Johnston, Jr., of the Eighth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Leighton Finley of the Tenth Cavalry, and Second Lieutenant H. C. Benson of the Fourth Cavalry. A few days later Lieutenant R. D. Walsh, now lieutenant colonel of the Fourth Cavalry, joined the ex- pedition, and on July 29, Lieutenant A. L. Smith, Fourth Cavalry, now colonel and depot quartermaster in New York, joined the command. "From the beginning,” said General Wood, to his visitor, “the ex- pedition had to overcome obstacles that at times seemed almost impos- sible of accomplishment. That part of the Mexican State of Sonora in which most of our work was done is a rough, mountainous country, which presents obstacles of a most serious nature to any troops operatingfrom the United States. As a whole, the country is a mass of mountains of the most rugged and broken character. Range follows range with hardly an excuse for a valley, unless the narrow canons be so considered. The Apaches knew every inch of that country, and naturally selected the roughest sections in which to avoid our men. The country is sparsely settled for the most part, and in great areas there is no population at all. It produces nothing but a few wild fruits, cactus, and more or less game. “Troops operating in that part of Mexico were dependent entirely upon pack trains, no other means of transportation, at least at that time being practicable, and there were sections where even the pack trains could not penetrate. Water is scanty and often of poor quality. Grass is almost wanting during the dry season, and the heat is intense, often reaching 120 degrees Fahrenheit. There is hardly a valley which is not malarial. Here and there is a little town and each has its history of sacking by outlaws. “The object of the Lawton expedition was to capture or destroy a band of forty Apaches, led by Geronimo and Natchez, who up to that time had successfully eluded all pursuit and had accomplished an immense amount of injury to persons and property, in both Arizona and in Sonora. They knew every inch of the country in which they sought refuge, and, stimulated by the fear of death, their capture be- came an affair of the greatest difficulty. They were mountaineers from infancy and found it easy to pass through the most difficult country. They ate cactus and various roots, and for meat they had deer and rabbits and horses and even mice and rats. To oppose these Indians, who could live on nothing and could go anywhere, we had a small force of infantry, cavalry, and Indian scouts and depended for our supplies on well-organized pack trains that brought our stuff sometimes hundreds of miles. "During the later part of June and July I commanded the infantry, and during these weeks we were always on the trail. Eventually we jumped Geronimo's camp and got everything but Geronimo and his band. Some idea of the heat may be had when it is stated that the men could not bear their hands on the iron parts of their rifles or on the exposed rocks. Pack trains had to be stopped every five or six miles. This indicates what kind of a country it is that Villa will probably seek refuge in, and as climates do not change and as few improvements, if any, have been made in that part of Mexico since the days of Lawton’s expedition one can easily picture the kind of a job that faces the men who will be sent in to get Villa, a man who, like Geronimo and Natchez, knows every foot of the country in which his capture will be sought.” General Wood then produced a faded copy of the report of General► 330 yr <ryif	<*ri <* ■^r ’^ip^atk'Q ' ThIj KedMan If May « .'&......it...A. ..hi.....a. .dii, ,i*l jh. a .h*i- a, .A- .^ifcvga^iaricyji!! Lawton. It is one of the few copies in existence. It tells in a simple, soldierly fashion the story of four months and four days that the chase lasted. There are no frills and credit is bestowed wherever it is due. This is General Lawton’s story, written in Florida in September, 1886, and addressed to General Miles, the commanding officer of what was then known as the Military Department of Arizona: “My command marched from Fort Huachuca May 5 and was directed to take the trail of the hostiles at or near Lebo's battleground and fol- low it up. Lieutenant Benson, with a portion of the cavalry, had gone ahead to locate the trail and was overtaken by the command on May 9. “The country was so rough that the mounted troops were unavailable, and on the 10th the cavalry was dismounted and with the infantry and the scouts took the trail and commenced to follow it. From this point a series of long fatiguing marches were made over the roughest country imaginable. The Indians frequently doubled on their trail, and remained in the same territory for more than a month. “On the morning of June 6, while the main part of the command was lying near Calabasas, Arizona Territory, awaiting the result of a reconnoissance which was being made by Lieutenant Finley, a report was received that a party of Indians had passed through the Whetstone Mountains, in Arizona, going southward. Lieutenant Walsh, Fourth Cavalry, with a detachment of cavalry and scouts, was dispatched to intercept them. He came upon and surprised the party at dusk that evening and succeeded in capturing the most of their animals, baggage, and supplies. The hostiles scattered on foot, and by the time the scouts could work out the trail it became too dark to follow. “Lieutenant Walsh camped on the trail, and at daylight the following morning started in pursuit of the Indians. During the night orders were sent Lieutenant Finley to cut the country ahead of Lieutenant Walsh, and I set out to join him (Walsh). I reached him at 8 a. m., June 7, and Lieutenant Finley came up about noon the same day. The command then pushed on with all vigor, following the trail as long as the scouts could see; camped on the trail and started again at daylight. The pursuit was kept up until the Indians were forced to abandon all the animals they had with them, and scatter again on foot. When the trail was again found, it led to the Azul Mountains, and after passing through the range headed southeast. The direction in which the trail led and the fact that the Indians had entirely disap- peared from the border convinced me that at last they were going toward their stronghold, and although pursuit was not discounted nor slackened active preparations were at once commenced for a campaign in the Sierra Madre.#► May 7- ; TheEedMan II ilbiv ..Hllii,,ilk,,(llli,_lihkJll^Ji®(,..iillli. -iiUi._.i[6ii,.lji[lii, iiili),. .tftll,,, pTi^iiJWKC 331 < avT^yrG&jt. "At this time it may be said that the first campaign ended. The term of service of the Indian scouts had nearly expired, and a new de- tachment under Lieutenant Benson, Fourth Cavalry, was sent me; the infantry was replaced by a fresh detachment, and arrangements were made to establish a supply base as far down as wagons could be taken. While the trails were being constantly followed, and the Indians pushed to the utmost of our power, the base of operations was being changed to a point 150 miles south of the national boundary line. “By the 5th of July the Indians had been driven south and east of Oposura; a supply camp was established at this point, and the com- mand equipped and ready to continue operations. Up to this time the hostiles had operated in small parties, making sudden and fatal descents upon settlements at unexpected places. During this portion of the campaign my command marched, including side scouts and reconnoissances, 1,396 miles, nearly all of which distance was over rough, high mountains. Most of the country had been burned over, leaving no grass, and water so scarce that the command frequently suffered greatly. “There was accomplished during this period one surprise, and the hostiles were three times placed on foot. They could reap no benefit from their raids, as they were so closely followed that they could not rest a day, and they were obliged to abandon theie animals or fight to protect them; this they carefully avoided. They were obliged to keep a constant and vigilant watch on their trail aud on their camps to pre- vent surprise. This made it possible for other commands, knowing their course, to fall upon them. Every device khown to the Indian was practiced to throw me off the trail, but without avail. My trailers were good, and it was soon proved that there was no spot which they could reach where security was assured. “On the 6th of July the command marched from Oposura. No officer of infantry having been sent with the detachment, and having no officers with the command except Second Lieutenant Brown, Fourth Cavalry, commanding scouts, and Second Lieutenant Walsh, command, ing the cavalry, Assistant Surgeon Wood was, at his own request, given command of the infantry. The work during June having been done by the cavalry, they were too much exhausted to be used again without rest, and they were left in camp at Oposura to recuperate. “The march was directed toward the mouth of Tepache Creek, where the hostiles had passed, committing some depredations; but having marched in that direction only a couple of hours, a courier from the prefect of the district overtook me with the information that a man had been wounded by Indians at Tonababu the evening before. I changed my course to that place, and reaching it found the woundedf « rjcsrji man, and the scouts soon found the trail of the Indians who had done the shooting. It proved to be three Indians, two men and a squaw. The trail was followed, however, leading south. Heavy rains came on and washed the already light trail so badly that I almost despaired of being able to follow it; but the trailers succeeded in keeping the gen- eral direction, and after some wonderful work brought me to a point where the small trail joined a much larger one. After this there was no further trouble. The trail led to the Yaqui River, thence up the river, crossing frequently from side to side. “On the 14th of July a runner was sent back by Lieutenant Brown of the scouts, with the information that the camp had been located, and that he would attack at once with his scouts, asking for the infantry to be sent forward to his support. I moved forward with the infantry as rapidly as possible, but did not reach Lieutenant Brown until after he had entered the hostile camp. The attacking party had been dis- covered and all the hostiles escaped. Their animals and camp equipage, with a large amount of dried beef, etc., fell into our hands, but the hostiles scattered and escaped on foot. “During this short campaign the suffering was intense. The country was indescribably rough and the weather swelteringly hot, with heavy rains every day or night. The endurance of the men was tried to the utmost limit. Disabilities resulting from excessive fatigue reduced the infantry to fourteen men, and they were worn out and without shoes. When the new supplies reached me July 29 they were returned to the supply camp for rest, and the cavalry under Lieutenant A. L. Smith, who had just joined his troop, continued the campaign. Heavy rains having set in, the trail of the hostiles, who were on foot, was entirely obliterated. “Edwardy of the scouts, with one man, was dispatched to gain information, and after three days he returned and reported that the Apaches had passed into the district of Ures and were committing depre- dations in the vicinity of Tecolote, in the Mazatlan Mountains. This point was so far distant that I could not reach it in time to get even a fresh trail to follow, and he was again sent to find the whereabouts of the hostiles, going to Ures and following their course. In the mean- time scouts were sent in all directions to cut the country for signs. During this time Lieutenant Gatewood, Sixth Cavalry, with two Chiri- cahua Indians, who had been charged with a commission to enter the hostile camp and demand their surrender, join me. “On August 13 I received information that the hostiles were moving toward the Terras Mountains through Campas and Nacosari. I im- mediately marched to head them off. By making forced marches I arrived near Fronteras on August 20 and learned that the hostiles had Ejiirj'ATrw'::’] 332 xxfjetjC I THE.KEDMAN;PLAYCROUND-MT. PLEASANT INDIAN SCHOOL, MICHIGANi INDIAN TYPRS-NAVAJO GIRL (Copyright Photo by Schwemberger, Gallup. N. Mex.)& iHemorp Intern ORGET each kindness that you do As soon as you have done it; Forget the praise that falls to you The moment you have won it; Forget the slander that you hear Before you can repeat it; Forget each slight, each spite, each sneer, Wherever you may meet it. Remember every kindness done To you, whate’er its measure; Remember praise by others won, And pass it on with pleasure; Remember every promise made, And keep it to the letter, Remember those who lend you aid, And be a grateful debtor. Remember all the happiness That comes your way in living; Forget each worry and distress, Be hopeful and forgiving; Remember good, remember truth, Remember heaven’s above you, And you will find through age and youth, True joys, and hearts to love you. —The Clarion.& iHemorp Intern ORGET each kindness that you do As soon as you have done it; Forget the praise that falls to you The moment you have won it; Forget the slander that you hear Before you can repeat it; Forget each slight, each spite, each sneer, Wherever you may meet it. Remember every kindness done To you, whate’er its measure; Remember praise by others won, And pass it on with pleasure; Remember every promise made, And keep it to the letter, Remember those who lend you aid, And be a grateful debtor. Remember all the happiness That comes your way in living; Forget each worry and distress, Be hopeful and forgiving; Remember good, remember truth, Remember heaven’s above you, And you will find through age and youth, True joys, and hearts to love you. —The Clarion.Trr DEARLY love a cheerful opti- jl mist—a man who can fix his gaze on a will-o’-the-wisp, or glow- worm in the blackest midnight, and persuade himself and others that it is high noon—that the world is “dark with excess of bright.” Sure *t is bet- ter to laugh than to be sighing—Democ- ritus is preferable to Heraclitus. It is more pleasant to seek and commend virtue than to hurl anathemas at vice. Why, it may well be asked, should a man gaze into a cesspool when he may look at the stars? Marius and Gosette may dream away an hundred sensuous summer nights hidden in the boskage, satisfied with their own fond imaginings; but rob them of the halo of romance, destroy the airy palace in which they live and love, and there’s naught left but a solfatara of lust. Romance is not alone the corolla of love; it is the very incense of virtue. So long as it envelops man and women, they wander far above the crass animalism of the world. W. C. BRANN -•••■)© O© 0*00 ®©tf\No roll ’um, No smoke ’um, No chew ’um, No spit ’um, No loaf ’um, No drink ’um (Booze), Heap catch ’um (Bootlegger), No sell ’um (Land), Heap plant ’um (Com), No Spend ’um (Money), Heap kill ’um (Weeds), All ’time save ’um (Baby) Mebbe so, Catch ’um prize. THE INDIAN SCOUT