70 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE pay for this. You let him alone. You let him alone I tell you!" The old man paid no attention to the outlaws. He hardly seemed to see them. He came struggling on, his eyes wavering around in search of the girl. He passed close to Slim. Slim raised his six-shooter, a crazy light in his whitish eyes. The girl screamed and a cold voice snapped out of the air to say, "Drop it!" With incredible swiftness Slim whirl- ed and shot from the hip, and shot again. The wounded one sank to one knee, shooting out from under his horse. The horse reared and jumped and came down with both fore feet on the man, knocking him down. Slim was crouching, shooting at a tall dark hawk-faced man who came forward with a gun in each hand. The roar of the shots echoed against the ledge and a little stream of sand poured down over the edge. The man knocked flat by the horse got to his knees again and began groping around for his gun. THE wild sound of the shots cleared old Turkey Tracks' brain and he grabbed up his rifle from where the girl had left it. As the wounded man re- covered his gun and began to lift it, old Turkey Tracks dropped him neatly. Turkey Tracks turned the rifle on Slim and then lowered it. Slim had dropped his gun. He stood there, his hands at his side, looking profoundly astonished, as though some incredible thing had happened to him. He was dead before he hit the ground. Old Turkey Tracks let out a croaked yell, dropping the rifle to grab at the man. "Hell," he yelled. "It's Stark. John Stark of the Rangers." They talked it over all day long in the shade of the ledge. Old Turkey Tracks with a bandage around his white head; John Stark with his dark eyes following the girl; the girl with demure eyes sometimes letting him see her thoughts. "No," old Turkey Tracks pro- nounced. "We're going on. There's water enough to git us to the Faraway Hills and git you back to the Sacatone. Hell, I've got something good this time," he boasted. The Ranger and the girl looked at each other and smiled. These old prospectors always had something good. They packed and saddled at sunset, to go their own ways in the cool of the night. John Stark asked old Turkey Tracks, "When will you be in Tucson again?" The old desert rat started to scratch his head and remembered his wound. "Hell," he said, "Reckon we'll have to come in after grub in about a month." John Stark was up on the big bay looking down at the girl. He told old Turkey Tracks, "You report at Head- quarters when you get in." He kept his eyes on the girl's eyes as he said, "Those are orders." Old Turkey Tracks chuckled, "Hell," he said, "why not?" The girl flushed and her eyes clung to his. She nodded her head as though agreeing to something yet unspoken, "I'll see that he does," she said. 