WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 11 door, covering his purpose of watching by digging up a blackened briar and filling it. Other "bad" men were in the room, lesser lights in the triggerfinger "four hundred," but only one paid par- ticular heed to Brule's trip to the bar. This hombre leaned on the mahogany ten paces from Hallock. He was a cow- puncher "gone bad" and no halfway about it; the disease known as "trigger- fingeritis" had struck into his vitals, and from drifting about tough camps and avoiding the open, his once tanned vis- age had begotten a pallor which was the derivative of the name "Chalk" Gallatin. Chalk fostered the hope of being pointed out as the gunpacker who had cut a notch for Hair-trigger Hallock. Hair-trigger apparently did not no- tic when a quiet-looking stranger, som- breroed and booted, the one who had dropped off the Northern Pacific and made a bee-line for the Elkhorn, strode in and ranged himself suspiciously near the gunfighter. Hallock's eyes nar- rowed. The newcomer nominated his "pizen" and when the bartender turned to the back-bar, shot a glance to the left, in which direction stood Chalk Gallatin, presenting his profile. Clink- ing of bottle and glass as they slid across the bar drew the stranger's gaze to the front again; the "rotgut" he poured between bearded lips made him shiver. As he set down the glass he looked to the right, realizing Hallock was staring hard at him. Before the stranger could wink Hair-trigger had conjured a blue-barreled gun against his ribs. "Yuh lookin' for anybody, mister?" bluntly inquired Hallock. "No," replied the other, visibly rat- tled and instantly raising hands shoul- der-high. "But" he added after the briefest pause, fascinated eyes on the muzzling gun, "I'd part with fifty bucks to know where the shootin'-iron come from." "The trick's priceless," replied Hal- lock grimly. "If I sold it to yuh I might go to 'boot hill' sooner'n I aim to. Stranger, I'll hafta disbelieve you're not out gunnin' till I've pawed yuh over." Hallock took no man's word but Brule's and, still holding the drop, frisked the stranger's person, seeking a weapon--and a badge. In search of the latter he turned back the lapels of the man's coat, pulled open outing shirt and undershirt. "Button up," Hair-trigger grunted finally, and holstering his six-shooter, stepped back. "Drink on me, pilgrim, to show there's no hard feelin's." "I can see I'm off my range consid- erable," said the "pilgrim," hardly re- assured by the company he was in. "I won't linger after I've drank to yuhr health--an' hired a hoss. I meant to ask where I could get one. Ridin' to look over the Two Bar ranch." HALLOCK mentioned a livery-stable on Main Street. The stranger "looked at" the two-gun man over the rim of his glass; then wheeled to de- part, throwing a second glance at Chalk Gallatin, whose face was still averted. Halfway across the saloon floor, the prospective ranch-buyer was halted by the vibrant voice of Hallock and turned nervously. "A word of advice, pilgrim, take it or leave it," droned Hair-trigger. "Git heeled, if yuh figger to reach the Two Bar healthy. She's not a peaceful trail out thataway." "Thanks just as much," returned the other, forcing a faint smile, "but I'm slow on the pull an' I reckon I won't invite attack if it's apparent I'm not packing iron; will show I've got nothin' worth defendin'. For instance, yuh wouldn't believed I wasn't on the shoot if yuh'd found a gun on me. Tell yuh, friend, those who live by the trigger-- 