WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 51 the adjoining box. Scuffling, bumping, panting of hard-drawn breaths and low, guttural curses these last in Black foot Dixon's voice, not a doubt of it. Hal- lock strode forward and tried the door of the box from which the sounds of strife emanated. It was locked. He was going to call, but on second thought closed his lips, jammed the muzzle of his Colt against the lock and pulled trigger once, twice. The fastening was smashed, the door swung inward an inch or two without Hallock touching a fin- ger to it. The gunfighter was about to enter, pushing his gun ahead of him and puzzled as to what it all meant, when the door was jerked wide open and a heavy body catapulted into him, knocking him down. The man ran on down the gallery and Hallock, recog- nizing the figure as Blackfoot Dixon's as he scrambled up, reached hurriedly for the six-shooter he had dropped. "Leave it lay, pardner," drawled a man's voice near at hand and Hallock looked for the first time into the box, lighted by an oil lamp. The owner of the voice was a tall, lanky but broad- shouldered young fellow with curly hair and a not unhandsome, good-natured face. He wore semi-range garb and was training a sawed-off thirty-eight in Hallock's direction, a lazy but daunt- less blue eye back of the sight. Against the wall near the young man stood a dance-hall girl known as Goldie, her dark eyes mirroring fright, one white hand at her laboring breast. "Boy," growled Hallock, as he rose, flourishing his Colt in utter and con- temptuous disregard of the young man's order, "I dunno who'n hell yuh are, but yuh're a damn fool for one thing. If that li'l pop-gun o' yuhrs should go off an' hit me anywheres I'd be real mad." And he wheeled and plunged along the gallery in pursuit of Blackfoot Dixon. The breed bad man was still in sight for the gallery was long and Hallock had been detained but a min- ute or two, long enough to pick him- self and his Colt up and bare fangs at the timorous young man. Hallock had never yet shot a man in the back, so he held fire as he ran after his quarry. Blackfoot threw a backward glance as he heard the thud and jingle of Hal- lock's feet above the noise was making himself. Hallock wondered why he didn't shoot back--then reasoned that the breed must have lost his gun in the struggle with the curly-headed young- ster. What haven Blackfoot originally had in mind, unless he meant to risk his neck by dropping from one of the unoccupied boxes to the floor below, the gunfighter could not guess, for the stairway was in the other direction. Dixon seemed to be running into a "blind gulch." At the end of the gal- lery was a window, overlooking Main street, and the drop was considerable. Reaching the window, which was open, the breed desperado slung a leg across the sill and turned a snarl-twisted face toward the man rushing down the gal- lery, running awkwardly on account of his high heels. To Blackfoot Dixon it looked as if he was bayed. Hallock shouted: "Gotcha, Injun!" FROM the street below came the thumping beat of galloping hoofs, the unmistakable rattle, bang and creak of the stage--Rafe Seddon, accom- panied by Sam Brace, was just getting in from his long drive around the Cuddy Paws. Blackfoot Dixon turned his face from Hallock and looked down into the street. In a flash, grasping the window- frame to steady himself, he drew up both legs, crouching on the sill. Hal- lock was almost near enough to put out a hand and touch him when Blackfoot launched his slim body into the air in a pantherish leap. Hallock felt like a man left holding the proverbial sack. He had been unprepared for the ma- 