WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 33 peg his hat?" Hallock yelled at a long- whiskered party who was making a doughty stand in front of the general store while his cronies fled at the advent of the hardriding Derringer man. "Up there, next to the church," re- torted the old man, pointing with his cane. "If yuh'd ride in decent once in awhile an' git some gospel, yuh wouldn't have to ask." "O' course he'd be livin' near the church--where else?" Hallock said to Brace, half-grinning and ignoring the Pinecreeker's broadside. "Tell yuh the truth I'd forgot there was one--an' that a church comes in the same pack- age with a preacher." They reined toward the lowly par- sonage at the other end of Pinecreek's main street, adjoining the log-and- frame church. But no horses were visible outside and Sam's face showed deep disappointment. "If he's been here he's gone on-- that burned bridge broke the trail for us," groaned Brace, who, unaccustomed to much riding, was already saddle- galled, and almost pop-eyed with anxiety for his daughter's safety. As ior Hallock he was as full of energy as if he had never been sick and his late wound was entirely out of his mind. He was prepared not to find Sue and her abductor in Pinecreek. therefore did not experience the deep disappoint- ment that his companion did. And if Sue was Mrs. Gallatin--a likelihood-- she would be a widow the minute he could get near enough to Chalk to sling a gun. Determined to learn the worst at once and, incidentally, any other in- formation the preacher possessed which would aid pursuit, Hallock flung Happy Hoofs reins over her head and ap- proached the door of the parsonage. "Stay in the saddle." he called back over his shoulder, as Sam kicked off a stirrup, "we re only here a minute." A THIN, pale woman responded to Hallock's knuckle tattoo; her pallor, he devined, was not natural, but the outward sign of inward trepidation. He imagined himself the cause at first, well aware of his forbidding aspect. "I ain't meanin' a mite o' harm, ma'am," he reassured the lady. "I'm just aimin' for to get a li'l' information. Is the preacher about?" "He's--he's inside," she tremblingly replied. "I'm his wife. It wasn't you who frightened me--it was the man who was h^re awhile ago and -- and shot my husband. No, he isn't dead," she hastened to say, as Hallock started, suspecting he could give the killer a name. "Wounded in the arm. The doctor says he'll be all right." "Was the feller who did it a tallish sorta cowboy cuss with a face as white as a Hereford's--an' was a strappin'-- I mean, ma'am, a big, dark-haired girl with him?" Mrs. Saunders, the preacher's wife, answered affirmatively, as he had scarcely doubted she would. She looked him straight in the eye, seemed on the point of saying something, then hesitated. Fear struck him, turning him cold. "Anything the matter with the girl, ma'am--she's my promised wife an' it'd shore kill me, tough as I am, to have anything happen to her. Just speak out, ma'am, an' lemme know the worst." Mrs. Saunders marveled that his hardlined face could express such anxiety over the welfare of another. He looked like a man who would ride blithely through hell and bulldog the devil if necessary--all whalebone and rawhide and utterly careless of him- self; but not a man who could feel genuine apprehension. Yet there it was, stark in his steely eyes. "Lady," implored Hallock, lifting a hand when she did not reply immedi- 