THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 97 jaw made him tempery." Lane let the team into the lot, then said, "Kay Fraly asked about you. Wants to see you as soon as you're able to ride." "Me? See me?" Rem blurted. "But, what about?" "Don't know what about, Rem. Do know Kay's liable to need heavy help, though, before her affairs is all straight- ened out." Early the following morning, with- out waiting for Lane or the others, Rem saddled up and rode to town. A dark- ening line on the horizon showed thun- derheads banking; hot puffs of wind blew up dust clouds. Maybe the range would get the rain it so badly needed. Rem had learned that Kay occupied a small house of her own in Sagebrush. He went straight there, dismounting outside a picket fence and walking up a path rimmed with dying flowers and shrubs. They made Rem think of the water and trees and green grass up in Damnation Valley. He knocked on the door, wondering why his heart knocked on his throbbing side. Kay Fraly came around the side of the house. "Why, hello, there," she greeted him, just as she had at the old Naslet place --a moment that now seemed years ago. "I didn't expect you so soon," Kay said, stepping up onto the porch. "How is your side?" "Fine," he lied. "But would you mind if we sit down here?" He sat down on the edge of the porch and she followed suit. An awkward silence fell between them. Finally, Kay said, "I wish to apologize to you, Rem. For hitting you with my quirt." "Why, forget it," he told her. "Reckon you was in a bad spot, an' all, an' had a right to be edgy. I--I was sorry ior you." "I saw that on your face, there be- fore the bank." Kay's voice was vi- brantly low. "Your expression told me a lot of things. I want to be friends, Rem." "Friends? With me?" he mumbled. "But my father--" "My uncle was as much guilty of my father's death as your father or his men, Rem," she interrupted. "Younk was a far worse man than your father was, in his way. I never knew, until day-before-yesterday, though, how real- ly bad Younk Fraly was. It's a terrible thing for a brother to kill or have killed a brother!" "Yeah," he agreed, twisting his hat in his hands. Without knowing why he did it, he began to tell her of his life, why his mother couldn't leave Damnation Valley, and about his brother, Rom. Kay was silent for a long time after he'd finished. Then she laid a warm little hand on one of his. "I know what it is to be lonely, and feel unwanted," she said in a whispery voice. "I feel sorry for you, Rem. Even to the names given you and your brother, the pattern seems laid against you two. I remember the origin of the names. Romulus and his twin brother, Remus, were infants thrown into the River Tiber. They were rescued and nursed by a she-wolf. Romulus was founder and first king of Rome. Remus jumped the walls of the city and Romu- lus killed him . . . Whoever gave you those names?" "Estelle. Phil said it showed the crazy consistency of the inconsistent. Phil was a funny jasper, an' the only real friend I ever had. I often wish I could see him again. He rode off one time, an' never come back." "What do you intend doing now," Kay inquired. SHE drew back, then, staring at him in amazement. Rem had risen, his