WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 19 after Chalk plugged yuh. It'll be in- terestin' tellin'." And he related all the facts. "I feel different tonight, Sue," re- marked the gunfighter that evening, when his nurse brought supper on a large tray. "Different? Worse?" She set the tray on a chair beside his bed and scanned him with anxious eyes. "No'm; that is, nothin's worse but my heart. That is right bad." She was instantly relieved by his quizzical expression; and at the same time his words quickened the beat of her pulse. It had been so like a game of blind-Harry trying to show this iron- and-granite man she cared, and to what extent she cared; but the bandage seemed to have slipped off. She came slowly closer, lips parted. Hallock was sitting up; he reached for and captured her hand; drew her down beside him on the bed. "Sue," he said, eye to eye with her, "forgive me for makin' it so hard for yuh, but what could yuh expect of a man whose mind was twisted with thinkin' murder allatime--professional gunfightin' is just that, even when yuh give yuhr marked man a show, like I always done. I wasn't driven into my first gunnin', like some--I did it delib- erate, because I was crazy about guns an' honed to imitate Wild Bill Hickok, who used to hang in a saloon where I worked down at Deadwood. Had nat- ural ability, I reckon, an' improved it with practice. My first killin' didn't make me feel like I thought it would, high-chinned--but I'd made a begin- nin' an' had to go on. An' with the tough rep I've got now I couldn't figger that a girl like yuh--. But it's the truth," his grip on her hand tightened, "yuh're the first girl I ever looked at twice. Seein' yuh when I first hit this town, I said to myself, 'She's the woman I might've loved, but she ain't for me, with my blood-stained hands.' " "You said that?" Sue's face dropped closer. "Listen, Trigger--" "Tom's my name," he inserted, "though nobody's called me by it for a long time." "Tom, I want to say that I hate bloodshed as much as the next woman and killing for hire is one of the mean- est professions on the frontier--mur- der, just as you said. But a certain amount of killing, not for money has been necessary to tame this West, and I realize it and am not squeamish. Now that sounds strange, perhaps, coming from a woman, but my mother crossed the plains in a covered wagon, which was twice attacked by Indians; my father ran a saloon in Nevada min- ing camps before he came here and in his younger days was reckoned handy with a shooter. Your blood-stained hands, Tom, I don't approve of, but-- I just don't see them! " He marveled, speechless. "If I'd half-guessed I'd spoken sooner, Sue," he said at last, leaning toward her, which brought their faces very close together. "But what had-- what have I to offer yuh, except a name for quick-gunnin'--" "Is that all, Tom?" she smiled with provocative eyes, provocative lips. "No," he tensed, "not all! I love yuh, Sue!" HIS kiss burned and lingered on her firm, full mouth; and she gave back with a passionateness that made him heady. She struggled for release to get her breath. His sinewy arms fell lax and he remarked: "I'm no great shakes of a lover, Sue, but I reckon yuh know I mean it!" "You don't realize your ferocity, Mister Man," she laughed. "I did once doubt, I thought you could be nothing but a cold-blooded killing-machine; you seemed to shun me, you never more 