WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 29 Coldiron's head rocked backward and he staggered a few paces and fell, his nose and mouth smashed to bloody pulp. He lay with his head and should- ers in the hoof-marked street, the rest of his body sprawled across the board- walk, while Hallock lifted the reins and charged away in swirling dust. "Gone to Pinecreek to get spliced," he bellowed at Brace, as the latter spun his horse about and spurred it to keep pace with Happy Hoofs. "There's a sky pilot there." "Thirty miles," replied Sam. "Good thing our hosses is fresh." A Colt boomed behind them. The bullet did not fall anywhere near, but Hallock turned for a brief glance rear- ward. The bloody-visaged McClintock swayed on his feet on the boardwalk, a smoke-wisping gun in one hand. On a chance, Hallock jerked loose a Colt and fired back; but the range was too long for close shooting at the pace Happy Hoofs was traveling. The last Hallock saw of Coldiron he was still upright. CHAPTER VI The Footpath Way "POUND leather!" gritted Hal- lock as they lopped off a mile of the thirty to Pinecreek. "Might be able to catch up this side if we don't pick no daisies. How's that cayuse o' yuhrs travel, Sam?" "Burns ground an' will go till he drops, though I reckon yuhr mare has a mite more bottom." Sam was thoroughly alive to Happy Hoof's fine points. "If I'd thought yuh could've hair- pinned Reckless's hoss. He wouldn't let the paint pass him. But yuh'll hafta make out best yuh can." "Don't hold in for me, Trigger, if I drop any behind. Sue's the one we're thinkin' of now." They were sweeping mountainward across a plain tufted with bunch-grass, yellow and dead-looking, and scattered patches of sage-brush. "Strike yuh odd that Coldiron would tell us where Chalk's headin' for? Don't think he was shootin' us off on the wrong trail, do yuh?" Brace called across to the grimfaced gunfighter. "No, I reckon he talked straight," opined Hallock, facing his companion. "He figgered Chalk had start aplenty to beat us an' aimed to keep his own hide whole--knew I'd ventilate him short order if he didn't come across. He wouldn't get himself shot up to protect Chalk; ain't that much of a fool." "I shore hope yuhr dope's correct," said Brace, grabbing at his hat as the wind got under the brim and threatened to lift it. But Hallock had erred somewhat in judging the reason for Coldiron's will- ingness to talk; in fact, neither the gun- fighter nor Brace had given Chalk Gal- latin due credit for the craftiness which existed behind his white mask of a face. They knew he was tricky, but--! "What's that smoke ahead, d'yuh reckon?" Hallock pointed with his left hand. They had covered the eight-mile sweep of plain and plunged into a val- ley of the Cuddy Paw Mountains. The lower slopes were thickly grown with tamarack, red fir and yellow pine, and the men were riding the high trail on the valley's rim, above the timber. But the smoke was not coming from the di- rection of the trees; it plumed and writhed out and upward from the lean- ing wall of the valley, right in their path when they should round a bulging shoulder. "Trigger, it might be anything burn- in'," observed the saloonkeeper. "Tim- 