WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 53 nod. "If these four-legged thunder- bolts--" Rafe Seddon, who had the four-in-hand well under control after a stiff fight, began to apologize. "Never mind, Rafe," said Hallock, "I'll cut his trail ag'in--soon enough, likely. He was so doggone nervy about it, I'm a'most willin' to say he deserved to get away. How's yuhr wheel, Rafe? Runnin' on all four, huh? Sam, I had a dinger of a fight in yuhr place today. The old barroom is cleaned up pretty fair now, but it'll wear some o' the scars long as it stands. Stay up there an' let Rafe put yuh down at the door," as Brace, mightly intrigued by the news, although still groggy from the blow delivered by the barrel of his own six-shooter, crawled jerkily back to the driver's box, intending to alight. He hank down again at Hallock's words and said: "I reckon yuh're right, Trigger. Legs wouldn't carry me this minute. See yuh at the Bar." "Want a lift, Trigger?" invited Sed- don. "More room than yuh can use." "Thanks, I'll walk." Hallock glanced at the crowd down in front of Spokane Harry's; at the groups in the street, who had witnessed Blackfoot Dixon's spectacular leap from the second floor of the dance hall. The people began to disperse and go about their own busi- ness as Seddon, with a mighty yank, got the leaders off the boardwalk and started in the right direction. Hallock left the street and jingled along the sidewalk toward the Elkhorn Bar. His wire would be anxiously wait- ing; it was a new and thrilling and al- together satisfying experience to have a woman waiting for a fellow, with arm lips and soft arms and--real love; then he thought, with a sharp pain of regret, of the pal who had died under his hand. "Pore old Reckless," he muttered, "he shore would've been right in the thick o' things that's been happening', whang- in' away with both hands. He shore loved to fight, the red-headed cuss!" He had visited the lone grave behind the shack he and Brule had occupied for the first time that day and erected a rule headboard, talking to the man under the sod as he worked. Engrossed in his thoughts, Hallock was nearing the Elkhorn when on his right a figure grew suddenly out of the darkness, stepping around the corner of the barber shop. The light in the shop window reached just far enough to dimly reveal the dark, Indian features of Blackfoot Dixon and strike a dull plint from the long six-shooter with which he was covering the gunfighter. "Now, Hallock, yuh die!" snarled the breed. "By Sam's gun, too. Ain't that hell!" Hallock, though taken by surprise, had his nerves well in hand. His eyes nar- rowed. Dixon had a dead drop. "Yuh killed Chalk, they been tellin' me," continued Blackfoot, "an' other pals o'mine--old Len an' Coldiron an' Lew Harney an' them. I wasn't in town or yuh'd been fightin' me, too. Glad I'm livin' to get revenge for 'em. Hal- lock, I hate yuhr guts! If things had broke different, if I had the time, I'd roast yuh, Blackfoot style. But 1 gotta be satisfied killin' yuh ordinary. Hands to the buzzards! An' watch the Ii'l hammer rise, watch 'er close, for when she falls, yuh do. I said hands up!" he repeated tensely. "Yuh're too slick to be trusted with 'em down!" HALLOCK had been steeling him- self for a supreme effort. He was thankful for that light at his back, dim as it was. Dixon stood within reach of hand or foot, holding Brace's gun low, nearly on a line with his hip. As if in obedience to Dixon's rasping com- mand, Hallock's hands shot skyward and with the motion of lifting them, he 