44 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE yuh, till I go down an' look the hearse over an' roundup my hosses. Yuhr daughter can ride yuhrs then an' yuh can fork one o' mine--or Hallock, whichever. Be dark long before we hit Pinecreek an' I'll bring out that wheel to-morrer. Double damn' that Chalk Gallatin--but he's dead an' gone now, dead as his hoss there. Know what he wanted me to do?" as Brace got to the ground and tossed him the reins. "Why, take him an' yuhr daughter as far as the Cuddy Paws, 'cause his hoss had give out an' he hankered to reach the mountains before dark. What he was a-doin' with her, an' her all battered up, got me goin', an' I told him so plumb plain. At which he sticks a gun onder my nose an' warns me not to be too in- quirin'. Then yuh fellers heaved along. S'prised I didn't break my neck or my back when Gallatin chucked me off the seat." "I was wonderin' why he'd held yuh up, Rafe," said Hallock, who had lin- gered to listen. "So was I," chimed in Brace, "but I forgot to ask." HALLOCK and Seddon clattered off together. Not long after Seddon returned with his horses, mounted on one of the four. Hallock had left the rein-dangling Happy Hoofs at one side of the road and gone down the embank- ment, carrying the mangled clay of Chalk Gallatin. Twenty minutes later he reappeared over the edge of the bank and, loping back, reported to the one women that Gallatin was safe forever from scavengers. He then insisted that she ride the paint mare, while he be- strode one of the stage horses and with Sam and Seddon and the extra animals bringing up the rear, Hallock and Sue set the pace Pinecreek-ward. Arriving after dark, Hallock said to Sue as he drew rein in front of the gen- eral store. "Yuh're shore yuh feel all right to go through with it now?" Her "Yes!" was vibrant. "Then there's no use puttin' it off. If yuh're willin' to take a chance on a cashless good-for-nothing' like me, who even has to borrow money for a wed- din' ring from his father-inlaw--" He paused, then added: "But I'll be able to pay him back for that soon's we get to Derringger. Reckless--pore old Reckless--won't never need his hoss an' outfit ag'in an' he'd want I should have what I can get for 'em. It'll be enough, shore, to buy railroad tickets for two to some place where I ain't known an' can start over--but what at? I dunno nothin' but gunfightin'. Sue Brace," he had dismounted and stood at the head of Happy Hoofs, looking up at the girl in the light streaming from the general store, "yuh're takin' the longest chance--" She put fingers on his lips--and he seized the opportunity to kiss them. "A long chance, perhaps, but I'm willing, oh, very willing," she said bending to- ward him. "Where you will go, I will go, and have no doubt that you will find honorable employment. Something will turn up)--it always does for the man who tries hard, who won't give up. And now, be happy for tonight--it's our wedding night, Tom." She laughed softly. "I won't look much like a bride, but after I've washed my face and fixed my hair, which I can do at the preacher's, I'll feel like one!" Hallock took the hand he had kissed in both his own. He could only squeeze it, speechless. His wonder of woman had so multiplied that his mind was awhirl; he felt himself groping help- lessly, yet joyously. "Ready, girl, to pick that ring?" he asked. "I'll corral these nags an' meet yuh over to the preacher's folks," called Rafe Seddon, as Sue gave herself into Hallock's arms, and hoof-clatter fol- lowed his words. 