EMPTY SADDLES MEAN WAR! 85 Soldados since he thinks he broke your neck." And he told of the pseudo- Brazos in the mountain camp the pre- vious night and of the unknown's clever getaway. "Must've been him. Damn' shame. He was a good feller an' a top rope," remarked the tied man. "You're shore got a lotta hell on your shoulders, Jim." "Botherin' me, too, it is." Jim vent- ed a nasty laugh, then wheeled at the sound of a tinkling step on the thresh- hold. Kid McCord had taken his rope from the saddle when he left it, mean- ing to take "Joe" Gant alive if it were at all possible. The rawhide began to get busy on the person of the standing man, manipulated by a master hand. His movement toward his belt-holster was arrested by the swoop of the noose, jerking tight about his arms and hold- ing them immovable. The rawhide rip- pled and Jim Gant's bull neck was caught in a half-hitch. Ripping again and yet again, each time noosing a wrist of Gant, the lively rope drew his hands together. The Kid now stood but ten feet from Gant, holding what was left of the forty feet of rawhide and grinning widely. "I reckon that'll do," said the Kid, while the man in the chair muttered admiration of the feat. "I'm chokin' to death!" snarled the Kid's prisoner. "Good thing if he was, but he ain't," remarked the man in the chair. "But he will sometime." "Who're you?" demanded McCord, looking over at him. "Joe Gant, your employer, Kid." "An' who's this?" the Kid turned a thumb at the other man. "Jim Gant, my twin brother an' a bad egg," declared Joe Gant. "Kid there's been a lot o' trouble account of us lookin' alike an'--" WAIT a minute," the Kid inter- rupted, and he turned to go to the door. "Oh, there you are. Come in, folks," he called as Earp and his daughter came up the porch steps; and as they entered the office of the JG, wide-eyed at the scene, and particu- larly the two editions of Gant, the Kid requested June, "Look 'em both over careful, will you, an' tell me which one was chasin' after you." June stepped slowly forward and re- garded each of the men in turn, silently and intently. It was a difficult question to decide, but her woman's intuition aided her. "This man," she pointed at Jim Gant, standing sullenly, "is the one, Kid. You'd hardly notice it, unless you look close, real close, but there's a little difference--the eyes mostly." "Is he the man you shot, too, Earp?" said the Kid, turning to the old man, whose jaw was hanging down. "Damned if I know!" replied Earp, his gaze roving from Joe to Jim, and back again. "You bet he shot mel" snarled Jim suddenly. "An' my watch saved me. Shock o' the bullet knocked me down an' the watch was junk afterward." "So that's the reason!" exclaimed the Kid, and Earp echoed him. "Old timer, you shot at the right one after all." "Was he pesterin' 'round you, Miss Earp?" asked Joe Gant from the chair he couldn't leave; and at her nod, he continued, "Well, that's like him. He always was a hotcake with the women. Called himself 'Joe' Gant, I s'pose, makin' out to be me because he couldn't appear as his real self, bein' a no-'count thief an' a citizen o' the Soldados. Folks, I can explain things that's no doubt been puzzlin' you a heap." "I heard you talkin' when I come to the door," said the Kid. "Before that I thought there was only one Gant 