WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 41 women, defenseless women. That don't inclue Sue Brace. Yuh had to go some, go the limit, by God, to get a-holt her. That's why, the way yuh treated her, I'mb makin' yuh die hard. If 'twas only revenge for myself I'd put a bul- let in yuh an' call it hunk." Chalk Gallatin burst into unmanly tears, his teeth clicking with nervous chill. His head had stopped bleeding, but the half-dried blood imparted to the sudden flood of tears its sanguine hue, and the side of his face which had been decorated only with quirt-welts, became streaked and crisscrossed ap- parently with fresh gore. He was a spectacle such as might have aroused the sympathy, a spark at least, of most women, and many men, but not the tough-fibred Hallock, whose brute na- ture was so strongly developed. Noth- ing but disgust, plus hatred, had he for the wreck of a man against the wheel. "T rigger -- yuh -- yuh," blubbered Chalk, tugging on the hondo to pull the noose loose, "yuh won't--shoot--me-- then?" HALLOCK deemed it unnecessary to repeat that he wouldn't; he had passed sentence; he was judge and jury of this court. All he said was: "No use jiggerin' with that rope an' gettin' it loose. I'll only put it on ag'in. Dunno any prayers, do yuh, Gallatin?" "Trigger," slavered Chalk, knowing that the prayer-stage meant the end, "if yuh won't shoot--gimme--a gun an' I'll kill myself. Rather than the rope, Trigger--I'll do it." "Yuh," sneered Hallock, "ain't got the nerve!" Then he changed his mind, dropped into his former position facing Chalk. "It'd be better'n draggin' yuh, damned if it wouldn't, to watch yuh work up that much guts. Try yuh-- it's yuhr last chance remember. Here! " He slid a Colt from one holster, shov- ing the butt at the cowpuncher. Chalk clasped the handle and turned the blued steel muzzle against his fore- head. The hammer lifted slowly as the finger on the trigger exerted slow pres- sure. Then the hammer gently low- ered. Chalk brought the muzzle down in range of his eyes and looked into it long, visioning the burst of fire which would explode in his brain--an instant of terrible light and sound, then com- plete darkness. He shivered and drew an oath from Hallock. He thought then of the rope tearing at his neck, his face being smashed by rocks, his whole body mangled, heart and brain active the while, too long a while--and he jammed the cold ring again to his head. The hammer rose; the hammer fell--but he jerked the barrel up, so that the bullet whined upward harmlessly. He tossed the gun at Hallock's feet with an ani- mal cry: "I can't--do it! I ain't fit to die!" Hallock filled the empty chamber; he holstered the Colt. He got to his feet. "Yuh ain't got the nerve to die, yuh mean. Yuh'll never be fitter. C'mon, I'm done foolin'." The gunfighter reached over, jerked the noose tight and Chalk to his feet simultaneously. Hallock did not have to call Happy Hoofs; she was right at his elbow, a perplexed spectator. Keep- ing the rope on his victim's neck taut, Hallock hooked his left boot-toe in the stirrup and swung up. The mare started at a lope as soon as she felt her master in the saddle, and Chalk, grasp- ing the line with both hands to ease the strain on his neck, ran behind. Hallock increased Happy Hoof's pace with a word, at the same time paying out the lariat until he had only a few feet left on the home end, which he twirled on the saddle-horn. Chalk was running now at top speed, his feet scarcely seeming to touch the ground, his eyes protruding. Happy Hoofs galloped. 