The 97 Found Weakling --Who became "The World's Most Perfectly Developed Man" "I'll prove that YOU too can be a NEW MAN!" Charles Atlas I KNOW, myself, what it means to have the kind of body that people pity! Of course, you wouldn't know it to look at me now, but I was once a skinny weakling who weighed only 97 lbs.! I was ashamed to strip for sports or undress for a swim. I was such a poor specimen of physical development that I was constantly self-conscious and embarrassed. And I felt only HALF-ALIVE. Then I discovered "Dynamic Tension." It gave me a body that won for me the title "World's Most Perfectly Developed Man." When I say I can make you over into a man of giant power and energy, I know what I'm talking about. I've seen my new system, "Dynamic Tension" transform hundreds of weak puny men into Atlas Champions. Only 15 Minutes a Day Do you want big, broad shoulders--a fine, powerful chest-- biceps like steel --arms and legs rippling with muscular strength --a stomach ridged with bands of sinewy muscle and a build you can be proud of? Then just give me the opportunity to prove that "Dynamic Tension" is what you need. No "ifs," "ands," or "maybes." Just tell me where you want handsome, powerful muscles. Are you fat and flabby? Or skinny and gawky? Are you short-winded, pepless? Do you hold back and let others walk off with the prettiest girls, best jobs, etc.? Then write for details about "Dynamic Tension" and learn how I can make you a healthy, confident, powerful HE-MAN. "Dynamic Tension" is an entirely NATURAL method. Only 15 minutes of your spare time daily is enough to show amazing results--and it's actually fun! "Dynamic Tension" does the work. Send for FREE BOOK Mail the coupon right now for full details and I'll send you my illustrated book, "Everlasting Health and Strength." Tells all about my "Dynamic Tension" method. Shows actual photos of men I've made into Atlas Champions. It's a valuable book! And it's FREE. Send for your copy today. Mail the coupon to me personally. CHARLES ATLAS, Dept. 145-S, 115 East 23rd St., New York. N. Y. CHARLES ATLAS Holder of title, World's Most Perfectly Developed Man." CHARLES ATLAS Dept. 145-S, 113 East 23rd New York, N. Y. I want the proof that your system of "Dynamic Tension" will make a New Man of me--give me a healthy, husky body and big muscular develop-ment. Send me your free book. "Ever-lasting Health nnd Strength Name ........................ (Please print or write plainly) Address ..................... City ........ State ......... 