106 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE MEN WANTED! Earn Money Easy With Great New Tailoring Line Sensational Payment Plan Unbeatable values! Order-getting features galore make it easy to earn big money and get your own suite FREE as extra bonus, showing friends sensational new line made-to-measure suits and taking orders on partial payment plan. No experience. No money needed to cash in big! Write at once for complete actual sample line of rich new woolens, newest styles and sure-fire-order-getting plans. Send Free! GIBSON, 500 South Throop Street, Dept. C-525, Chicago, Illinois FALSE TEETH Low as $6.85 90 Days Trial TEST THEM EXAMINE THEM We make FALSE TEETH for you BY MAIL from your mouth-Impression! Money-Back GUARANTEE of Satisfaction. FREE Im- pression material, directions. Booklet of New Styles and Information. Write today to FREE SEND NO MONEY PARKER DENTAL LAB., 127 N. DEARBORN ST., DEPT. 19B Chicago, Illinois SONG POEM WRITERS Write today for free booklet outlining profit sharing plan. ALLIED MUSIC, Dept. 43 7608 Reading Cincinnati, Ohio FOR DEFENSE BUY United States Savings Bonds and Stamps She Got $400.00 for a Half Dollar I WILL PAY $100.00 FOR A DIME B. Max Mehl, 204 Mohl Bldg., Fort Worth, Texas (Largest Rare Coint Establishment in U.S.) door were watching to see what the Jack Rabbit Kid was going to do. There was no more sound in the place than in a graveyard at night. Race kept looking for Gatz Blem- ming. But the man he'd come to kill for dry-gulching his father was not there. Race moved forward with measured steps and stopped by the bar, then turned his back, hooking his el- bows on the hardwood, unmindful of the pale-faced, taut-lipped barkeeper behind him. But he heard the faint click of metal and knew it was the hammer of a gun being cocked. Instinctively he whirled on his toes. A shot sounded and lead whistled close.. Only his sudden movement had saved him from the barkeeper's lead when he had tried to shoot Race in the back so he could claim the reward for the Jack Rabbit Kid. ONE of the ivory-handled guns came into Race's hand as Fundy jumped up from his chair with a weapon raised. Fundy's gun blazed as Race leaped and rolled over the counter. He pumped lead into the barkeeper's stomach as he dropped to the floor. He had drawn his second gun in the same movement. He fired. Fundy stared, gulped and pitched forward. Bledsin's gun kept flashing. Lead thudded into the counter. The bar- keeper rolled over and was still. Race saw blood on the front of the shirt he was wearing. But the blood was dry. It was the blood of the Jack Rabbit Kid. Race had sprung from the floor and rolled over the counter in the same Jack Rabbit movement that had made the Kid famous. The set grin was still on his face and he hadn't been hit. He hunkered along behind the coun- ter now. The shooting stopped. Bled- sin couldn't see him. Then Race stood erect, got Bledsin squarely lined in his 