WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 47 he had wrought and, but for his torn ear, his apparently scatheless condition, to compass his defeat. Now or never, kill or be killed; they could never get to the door past Hallock's guns, in fact, none of the four entertained a thought of escape. They had reached a stage of desperation where death can be faced eye to eye without a conscious quiver. Len Roper, a long-haired, sun-smoked old rawhide, who had been a bad man for forty years, advanced first on the bayed Hallock, tipping up hi3 holster to fire through the bottom. He pulled trig- ger and so did Hallock, the shots roar- ing into one. Knowing the deadly style of Roper's gunplay, Hallock had aimed to cripple his hand and thus deflect the bullet; otherwise, even with death tear- ing at his vitals, old Len might have the tenacity to send a bullet straight as his last act on earth. Bellowing his pain and rage, the long-haired bad man-- who was no imitation, though he did affect the lengthy locks which were so often an indication of the show-off, a wild-looker who couldn't stand the acid--dangled his smashed paw, then hand that for forty years had cut down good and bad alike according as their politics were at variance with Mr. Roper's. Bang! roared Hallock's right- hand gun in the midst of Len Roper's lamentation, cutting it short. But Len, though old, proved tougher than some of the younger ones who had gone down earlier. With a bullet lodged some- where near his heart--Hallock was cer- tain of that--the long-hair took several steps backward, trying to steady him- self after the shock of the lead injec- tion. His good hand, flung out to aid him in regaining his balance, struck a leg of the table overturned by Messrs. Harney and Cobb. Dying on his feet, his brain seethed with one idea, to re- taliate on the man who had broken his gun hand and given him his death wound; and the contact of his hand with the table-leg seemed to suggest a way. Unable to utter a sound, but with strength to spare for his final deed be- cause hate buoyed him, Len tore the leg loose and flourishing it has a club, stag- gered at the man crouched back to bar. HALLOCK'S blazing eyes at that in- stand were glancing over the sights at the three other desperadoes, advancing on him as one man, with intervals of a few feet between them, to get him from in front and both sides at once. As he threw down on the gun- packer sidling to the left, Len Roper piled in, oblivious to the spurting gun, and took the bullet himself. There was a loud thump. Roper had landed a blow with his club, but not where he aimed for, almost instant death from that second bullet shortening his reach. Instead of striking Hallock on the head, the table-leg smashed him on the chest, yet with sufficient force to hurl him backward, half across the bar. Len Roper slumped floorward, unaware that he had not achieved his end. Gasping for breath and flat on his back, with legs hanging over the edge of the bar, Hallock heard a sudden rush of feet. His last three enemies were closing in, following up the advantage given them by the late Mr. Roper, over whose body one of them tripped--and cursing, kicked it--in his blind eager- ness to finish the battling Mr. Hallock while he was down. Mr. Hallock may have been down, but he was by no means out. He raised up as two of these desperadoes thrust guns within an inch of his body. As he was employing one arm to lever himself upright, the gun in that hand was temporarily, so to speak, spiked cannon. But Mr. Hallock had feet and he did not let them stay idle in this extremity. The man he could not reach with a gun he kicked full in the face--and the face disap- peared. Thrusting the other gun into 