112 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE Getting Up Nights Makes Many Feel Old Do you feel older than you are or suffer from Getting Up Nights, Backache, Nervousness, Leg Pains, Dizziness, Swollen Ankles, Rheumatic Pains, Burning, scanty or frequent passages? If so, remember that your Kidneys are vital to your health and that these symptoms may be due to non-organic and non-systemic Kidney and Bladder troubles--In such cases CYSTEX (a physician's prescription) usually gives prompt and joyous relief by helping the Kidneys flush out poisonous excess acids and wastes. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose in trying Cystex. An iron-clad guarantee wrapped around each package assures a refund of your money on return of empty package unless fully satisfied. Don't take chances on any Kidney medicine that is not guaranteed. Don't delay. Get Cystex (Siss-tex) from your druggist today. Only 35c. The guarantee protects you. Do You Want Action? Young men needed to serve on U. S. merchant ships. Age 18-23. Free training. You get paid while learning to be a deck man, radio operator, steward or engineer. Free transportation, clothing, food and quarters. Jobs at high wages available after training. Serve your country in the merchant marine. Ask for information at any State employment office, or write the United States Mari- time Commission, Washington, D. C. DON'T DELAY--DO IT NOW! Race said weakly, "Had quite a fight, Sheriff, but I killed the Jack Rabbit Kid. I'm claimin' the reward." Ballard's eyes narrowed. "Yeah," he said doubtfully. He rode up to Race and yanked his guns from his holsters. Then he drew alongside the dead man's mount, drew the ivory handled guns from the Kid's belt and frowned. Then he fingered curiously the red ribbons of the Jack Rabbit Kid's torn left shirt sleeve and raised clear, honest eyes to meet Race's. "You were wearin' the Kid's clothes when you got yer hand busted up," he accused. But Race's eyes had fluttered shut. He reeled in the saddle and a deputy whose horse stood nearest barely kept him from falling. He got back his senses on the way into town. He was riding in front of somebody's saddle and that was about all he could tell. The jerking of the horse jarred his head and he couldn't get coherence into his thinking. Pretty soon he passed out again. Then he was sitting in old Doc Reyn- old's office and someone was sponging his face. Sheriff Ballard sat beside him. He felt pain in his hand, in his arm, down in his leg and in his hip. "You're not going to die," the doc- tor said. Race tried to grin. He thought vaguely about Billy the Kid and the luck that went with fighting for a good cause. "Didn't figure I would," he said, then turned toward the sheriff. "Did you send word to my folks?" "I sent a deputy," Ballard said. "They ought to get here after a little." Race raised on his elbow. He was weak but he felt a little excited. "I killed the Jack Rabbit Kid, Sheriff. I shot him in the right side under the arm. You'll find a hole in his shirt where there isn't one in my body. I took his clothes and rode into town and I killed four men that every honest man in town 