WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 45 Mr. and Mrs. Tom Hallock rode side by side into Derringer next morning. They had spent the night, by kind in- vitation, at the parsonage, and the saloonkeeper and Seddon had put up at the hotel. Sam had elected to ac- company the driver back to the broken- down stage, lending Hallock his saddle- horse. The couple had started at dawn and taken the long trail around the Cuddy Paw Mountains and although it was after ten o'clock when they turned into Main street, the town that was run by bad men was just awakening. A1 Deering and his clerk were carrying out goods for display on the store stoop when they heard hoofbeats. Recog- nizing the riders, Deering let go an arm- ful, and flat-footed out in the street to meet them. His joy at learning of the death of Chalk Gallatin was only equaled by his delight at seeing Sue Brace alive and radiant, notwithstand- ing the marks she bore of her recent experience. And when told that they were man and wife, Deering pumped the hand of the gunfighter and ex- pressed a wish to kiss the bride-- which the bride did not deny him, leaning from the saddle and presenting a cheek. Then they rode on past Spo- kane Harry's honkatonk, in the wide doorway of which two dance-liall girls, evidencing in disarrayed hair, ghastly faces and soiled attire the wear and tear of the previous night, stood, arms about each other. They blinked, for the morning sunlight was painful to their eyes, and flapped languid but friendly hands at the newly weds. Hal- lock had never frequented Spokane Harry's, but he was something of a hero in the eyes of the women who lived on sensationalism; and Sue was even more popular because she treated them as sisters, unfortunate, but sisters just the same. "You're a pair to draw to," called one, Mame, for they had heard the con- versation with the storekeeper. "Chalk was a damned nuisance. Luck, you love-birds!" WHEN they neared the unpainted frame building where Doc Ben- nison lived and had his office on the second floor, over a blacksmith shop, Hallock remarked that his wife had better stop and have her scalp, laid open by Chalk's quirt-handle, properly treated and bandaged. He would ride on, put up the horses, and return for her. Hallock turned Sam's saddler in at the livery stable, forked Happy Hoofs and laid a course for the Sundown stage-station. He had ridden by the door of the Elkhorn Bar with danger farthest from his thoughts, when a bul- let crashed through the saloon window and ricochetted from his saddlehorn. Stung to sudden fury by the treach- erous attack, he did not even stop to dismount, but whirling Happy Hoofs, spurred her across the stoop and through the Elkhorn's door, throwing himself forward to escape the frame. As the dancing hoofs rang on the bar- room floor, a second shot thundered, seeming to rock the walls which con- fined the sound. The malignant, bruised face of Coldiron McClintock peered through the smoke drifting ceilingward. The bullet had carried away the lobe of Hair-Trigger's right ear, the erratic motions of the paint mare, who had never been in a saloon before, saving her rider's life. Hallock had unhitched both guns as he charged in, and from his perch in the saddle, he swung one in line with his enemy. Coldiron, bored through from chest to back by a forty- five slug, tipped forward, firing as he went down. "Yuh'll be company for Gallatin!" shouted Hallock, and saw other hands digging for iron. It was quite a gather- ing of his enemies. His work was cut 