THE KID FROM DAMNATION VALLEY 101 gish hit the floor! Outside, Kay caught up with Rem and drew him aside while Rep went after a pack of grub. "Rem," the girl muttered, "1 don't know what to say. I can't ask you not to do this, because it is the only chance the others have. But you don't owe us this. You've done so much already. If you go there, you'll have to kill your brother, or, like the other Remus who jumped the wall, he'll kill you. If it's the first way, you'll never be the same again. You wouldn't want a wife, or children to have to tell that you killed Rom." "I know it," he groaned. "But no matter what happens, Rem, I'll pray while you're going to make a place for our herd. If you care--I'll be waiting." She sobbed, rose on her toes and kissed him and ran. Rem carried that kiss with him on the way into the mountains. It was in his mind the morning he and Rep Jones came through Slot Pass, unchal- lenged, and part of the valley's spread lay before them. "To think of this layin' up here, with only outlaws usin' it!" Rep Jones gasped. "Rem--Hell, it's heaven!" "We'll see if it is," Rem answered soberly. "The tracks show Honor an' Rom ain't been far ahead. Slowed down because Honor was packin' Mitch's lead, I reckon. . . . Wait." A rider hazed a packhorse toward them. He pulled up, saying, "Howdy, Rem. Some of us figgered you'd be along. Most of the boys have hauled 'er; the few down there won't side Rom, after he went frothin' mad an' set fire to that range. Such things ain't no good, an' most've us have been cowhands, one time or another, y'see. "Honor's pretty bad shot, an' since they rode in last night, late, Rom's been drinkin', plannin' against you, runnin' ever'body outta Owlhoot House. You try takin' this valley, it'll mean fights to come, Rem. But not today, not today." THEY rode on, then. Dismounting in the timber, Rem told Rep, "You stay outside. If I'm downed, ride an' tell Lane an' the others what to expect of this place. An' tell Kay I loved her, Rep." "You're the boss, an' I hope you can tell her yourself," Rep mumbled. "I never will. If I ain't downed, I'll have the Cain brand. That's one iron that can't be blotted, Rep." Rem drew in a great breath of the crisp, piney air and went toward Owl- hoot House. When he rounded a cor- ner, Rep Jones drew a gun and moved to a window where he could look in. As he paused at the door, his hand on the latch, Rem could hear Rom's voice inside. "Honor, you ain't goin' to croak," he snarled. "You'll live to see me kill that cowardly Rem, an' make the whole West run when they hear the name of King. Sit up, Buck." "Rom, I got mine. I just hung an' rattled to get here to die," Buck Honor groaned. "Rom, I maybe see things clearer now. Maybe our way ain't the way to carry the King name on." "Shut that upl" Rom yelled, and in that instant, Rem went in. Honor sat with his back against the wall, his face ashen. There was a bot- tle on the table before him. Rom sat on the counter, a half-emptied bottle by his side. Running the gamut of emotions at Rem's appearance, rendered Rom speechless at first. He gulped, lifted his bottle and drank, then hurled it straight at Rem. Rem ducked and the bottle crashed against the wall. Rom slid off the counter. Shaking his head, Rem was the first to speak. "Wait, Rom," he begged. "Listen to me. I've as much right here as you. 