104 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE All of his nineteen years Race had wanted to be feared and respected like that. And in the last four years he had had a specially good reason. When Race had been only fifteen, he'd heard his father tell how Gatz Blemming and three hired killers had seized control of Range City and started to drive the small ranchers out of the valley. Even then Race had sometimes brooded over the thought of riding to Range City and shooting it out with Gatz Blemming. But he'd known, of course, how foolish and im- possible it was and the best he could do was to borrow his dad's gunbelt without his permission and sneak to a draw in the hills where he practiced his draw and his aim. His dad, hear- ing the shots one day, had ridden out and surprised him there. "Who're ya planning to kill?" Jake Gordon had asked sternly. Race had drawn his skinny six feet up an extra inch and swelled out the strong frame of his sinewy thin chest and said, "When I grow up, I'll kill anyone who steals from you or Mom or Ritzy." "You're mighty young for guns," his dad had said, "but it's a hard country. Don't reckon ya can learn your shoot- ing any younger." Jake Gordon had swung his horse and ridden slowly away without looking back. Race had stared after him for a moment then had re- turned resolutely to his practicing. That same evening Jake Gordon had given the lad the guns and the belt and his blessing. Now it had been just two years since Cal Fetters, the loyal foreman of Jake Gordon's Four Bar spread who had stuck by them through a long siege of drouth and rustling, had found the hon- est old rancher's bullet-ridden body far out on the north range and the full re- sponsibility of the Four Bar had been thrust suddenly on Race's youthful shoulders. Fetters had told Race, "I know it was Gatz Blemming's men who killed your dad. We saw the whole thing but it wouldn't be no use me claiming that. I'd likely just get killed for my trouble." Race had understood how things were and he hadn't blamed Fetters for not talking. But as long as Jake Gor- don was alive, the Range City Bank which Gatz Blemming had also got con- trol of, had pretended leniency in re- gard to a past due payment of fifteen hundred dollars against the Four Bar. Hardly, however, had Race's father been buried before the bank filed fore- closure notice. "It means we'll lose everything," Race's grief-stricken mother had said. And when he looked at her haggard face he had felt a hot dagger of passion- ate hate stab him deeply. He'd watched his kid sister, Ritzy, trying to comfort his mother and he'd sworn in tight- lipped silence that he'd settle with Gatz Blemming regardless of what happened to himself. He had started this day for Range City to make what he knew would be a last futile appeal to the bank. Then he would try guns. Blemming's hired gunmen, Drag Shanto, Kale Bletsin or Jake Fundy, might kill him. But some- how it hadn't seemed to matter. He'd looked into his mother's anguish-filled eyes and seen the pleading hopelessness in his little sister's face and nothing much seemed to matter except the need to satisfy a kind of blind madness like a red burning passion that spurred him on and augmented the reckless deter- mination of his youth and increased his deep faith in the rightness of his cause. RACE recalled, as he looked down at the Jack Rabbit Kid, how his father had once said, "As long as the Jack Rabbit Kid lives us small ranch- 