20 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE than passed the time of day with me. I thought you were too blind, too cal- lous, ever to see that I loved you--or that you didn't care. And I couldn't throw myself straight at your head." "Doubt gone?" he asked, still struck with the wonder of woman. "Entirely. When I spoke the other day of Brule having been one friend, but not the only one, what held you back, Tom; didn't you understand?" "Thought I did, but wasn't shore. Couldn't believe it, just couldn't. Hardly can now. Wonderful Sue! I wanted to die last week, hopin' to catch up With Reckless on the Long Trail an' tell him I didn't do it a-purpose. Now I want to live--what man wouldn't, knowin' yuh loved him?" She beamed happily, then sobered. "I know you loved Reckless, man and man. It was a sad mistake," she sym- pathized. "It cured me o' gunfightin'," he vowed. He turned half-around and pointed to the cartridge-belts and hol- stered guns hanging on the bedpost above him. "Yuh can take those irons an' junk 'em, Sue. I'll never put 'em on ag'in! Never!" Her gaze followed his pointing finger and for several moments she was silent. The pause surprised him. "Don'tcha want me to quit--?" he asked. "Certainly," she interrupted hastily. "You must start all over, put your past behind and live it down. But listen, Tom: while you're in this town you are practically surrounded by enemies, not the least of them--though he is a coward--Chalk Gallatin. He's jealous of your reputation, he'd do any under- handed thing to be able to swagger and pose as the man who killed you. And not only that. He has made advances to me, honorable enough, but I've al- ways repulsed him, detested him. He knows that I love you for I told him--" Hallock did not mention that her father had informed him previously--"and it gives him two reasons for jealousy, two killing reasons. He's that kind, you know it as well as I do." Hallock nodded and caressed his stubbly chin thoughtfully. "Yuh think as long as I stay in Derringer I got to pack my guns or he'll down me?" "I know it. Leave as soon as you can--I don't mean run away--and I will go with you. Anytime, anywhere. Could Reckless Brule have said more?" "He couldn't! It sounds like Reck- less." The gunfighter caught up one strong, white hand and pressed it to his lips. "And Tom," said Sue earnestly, "don't forget that Gallatin isn't your only enemy. He's the worst, perhaps, but Blackfoot Dixon is another, and Coldiron McClintock--oh, there must be a dozen." "More than that, fellers that don't come into the Elkhorn, an' I ain't over- lookin' one of 'em," replied Hallock grimly. "An' yuh're plumb correct, Sue--I got to tote iron, much as I'm hatin' to, till we've shook the dust o' Derringer. I wouldn't let myself get laid low for nothin' now! Girl, can't hardly believe my luck droppin' my rope on yuh." She tossed her head. "You can be- lieve a fact, Mister Man." Her eyes fell on the tray. "There's your supper getting cold. Let me go now," draw- ing away her hand, "and feed up." She placed the tray across his knees In the act of lifting a cup of coffee, he paused, and set it down again, un- tasted. 'Sue," he said, "yuh won't mind if I ask yuh somethin'?" "No, indeed, what is it?" She won- dered, his manner was so different. "Why, where at," he proceeded slowly, "did yuh learn to sling language the way yuh do. Yuh're eddicated. 