WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 15 lonesome--always to hand, joggin at my elbow, ready to back me in whatever. Go ahead--shoot, somebody! Yuh'll be savin' me a hull lot o' hell on earth. If I'm with Reckless I won't mind so much, for I can tell him I made a damn' fool mistake." Hallock surveyed them one after an- other with a taunting expression, wait- ing for the shots he would welcome to come. But they did not. He was to be denied even the solace of forgetful death. "Every tail curled," he pronounced acidly. "Not a thoroughbred among yuh with the guts to send me along o' Reckless!" "Here's your chance to join Reck- less! Yuh don't have to ask me twice!" Chalk Gallatin stepped from the outer darkness into the saloon with the utter- ance, his six-shooter lined from the hip. It threw a long tongue of flame with a cannon-like noise as Hallock turned toward the door. The gunfighter stared with filming eyes at the evil, leering face of Chalk, did not look at the smoking gun at all; no sound passed his set lips as his knees gave way; a moment he supported himself on outflung hands, battling with the lead in his system; then, with a sigh, stretched out on the floor. "Well, he asked for it, didn't he?" Chalk snarled at the stony-faced men, annoyed at their silence when he had expected vociferous applause. "Yeh, he asked for it," nodded Black- foot Dixon, and he was the only one who spoke. "Others had paralyzed bazoos, Black- foot," observed Chalk, and with swag- ger more pronounced than ever, ap- proached the bad. He laid a hand on Hallock's discarded forty-fives and belts. "Bein' I'm the only man had nerve enough to cash him," boasted Chalk, half-turning toward the men, "I reckon I win the right to wear his flame-throwers--" "Take your hands off those guns!" A girl's voice issued the command. Chalk Gallatin, more startled than if a man had spoken, jerked his head the other way. None had noticed the en- trance, by the door to a back room, of Sam Brace's daughter, Sue. Almost twenty, she was the Amazon type, not much under six feet, splendidly pro- portioned. Her dark hair, which she could sit upon when unconfined, was parted in the middle and in thick plaits coiled around her head; features irreg- ular and handsome, rather than beauti- ful. Looks and build were her moth- er's, a pioneer woman, for her father was stocky, but broad-shouldered. She had the courage of both, and was bal- ancing Sam's "sawed-off" as expertly as any man in the bar-room. Chalk wilted at sight of her, and not only because of the shot-gun trained on his heart. If he was capable of loving anyone besides himself, that other was Sue Brace. "Sue," said Chalk, "yuh tells me to hands off an' I obeys. But nobody, only yuh--" "Anybody with a grain of sand in his craw could back you down, Chalk Gal- latin," interrupted the girl, scornfully. "You can shoot from behind and from cover and your talk is bigger than a dozen men, but it's just noise--that's the size of you! Think of you facing Hallock if he'd had a gun--" That moment Hair-trigger stirred slightly and groaned. CHALK'S hand flew to his pistol- holster. "Not dead! " he exclaimed, stepping back and looking down at the gunfighter. Sue Brace breathed something which sounded very much like "Thank God!" then lifted the shotgun for a fuller bead on the hell-bent puncher. "Just you dare to draw!" she whipped forth. 