WHEN A TEXAS TOWN GOES GUN-CRAZY 43 know he was gettin' killed. A quick bul- let he didn't deserve. Yuh oughta be thankin' me, Sam, 'stead o' findin' fault." "Mebbe, mebbe," said the saloon- keeper, slowly nodding. "Whatcha go- in' to do with the body?" as the two- gun man strode to the pinto and tied up his coiled rope. "Leave it to the buzzards!" barked Hallock. He tilted his head back and scanned the blue vault. "There," he cried, pointing to several wheeling, objects, "is some a'ready!" Sam shook his head. When the gun- fighter mounted and lifted the reins, Sam followed him. "Tom!" cried Sue, as he galloped up and flung down. HE DID not speak at first. Gathered her in his arms, held her close-- then at arm's length. Long he gazed upon the bruises and marks of the quirt- lash and the bloodstains, which Sue had not washed off because there was no water. "I paid Chalk Gallatin for all this," he touched her cheek gently with one finger. He dropped his hands from her shoulders and gave her his profile. "Yuhr pa kicked some about it. He didn't cotton to the way I killed him." He told the manner of Chalk's passing. "Not tryin' to excuse myself," he de- clared at the end. "I got wild--there's more'n a li'l devil in my system, Sue. I reckon I'm just a barber--yuh know what I mean, girl." "Barbarian? Yes, you are. One side of your nature is savage, but there's an- other side, the side you've shown to me, the same that made you take off your guns after Reckless--died. And, Tom, if it's in the wood I'm going to develop that better nature. I do not love you for that killing instinct, but in spite of it." "That love will cure me, if anything." He was facing her now, his eyes no longer bloodshot, the savageery eradi- cated. "Now that I'm cooled off, I feel --well, not sorry exactly, but--" He halted, groping for the words to prop- erly express himself. "Now, when you're not blind with murderous rage you feel ashamed of your unnecessary cruelty, for having tortured him like--well, like Blackfoot Dixon, who has Indian blood, would have done. Isn't that what you mean?" "I reckon it is. Shore wonderful how yuh can read me." She laid one hand on his shoulder and with the other pointed down-trail. "Is that Chalk lying there in the road? Must be, of course, for the buzzards are dropping down. You meant to leave him for them--but don't you think bet- ter of it, Tom?" He nodded. "I'll bury him. Got no shovel or anything, but a niche in the rocks somewheres an' other rocks piled on top will cheat the buzzards an' coyotes. Sit down, Sue, an' rest till I come back." He turned to Happy Hoofs. "How about my hearse, Hallock?" spoke up the stage driver, Rafe Sed- don, who, with Sam Brace had kept silence and in the background until this moment. "The old rattlebank looks broke down from here, though it's a good ways." "I leaded up one wheel for yuh to trump the getaway," Hallock informed him. "Reckon yuh'll hafta bring an- other wheel from Pinecreek before yuh can finish yuhr run. An' the bridge is down across the valley. Yuh'll hafta drive around the Cuddy Paws till an- other's put up. How did we--oh, Sam and me used that log foot-bridge. You bet we ain't goin' to cross it ag'in though; not hossback anyway." "I'll be gosh-fried!" Seddon ex- ploded. "Sam," he turned to the saloonkeeper, "loan me yuhr nag, will 