82 TWO-GUN WESTERN NOVELS MAGAZINE "That's the man I hung," said the Kid, a half humorous twist to his mouth. "It's the kiote I shot," said Earp, his brow wrinkled. Then they turned to look again. The six rustlers, taking their time, pointed away from the mountains over the trail recently traveled by the disappointed posse. "Hitch up your team, Earp," the Kid cried, sliding backward. "We can't cut him out while he's with his gang, but mebbe if we foller, we'll catch him by his lonesome. Betcha they're ridin' to town." CHAPTER IV THE Kid's words were prophetic. To Fairchance, cow town, the Earp-McCord party trailed Joe Gant and his riders, June on the wagon box with her father and the Kid astride the roan on the right. The Kid set the pace, one that kept them well in the rear of the rustlers, whom they glimpsed only once or twice ahead. For that matter the wagon, loaded with all the personal and household belongings that Earp could cram into it, along with provisions, could not have made the trip much faster even had it been necessary or desirable. Earp had an- ticipated being absent from his ranch home a long, long time and had taken everything he could lug or lay his hands on quickly. They approached Fairchance up a long draw, the town was located on the £dge of the hills. The Kid suggested a plan of action en route and Earp, having no better to offer and agreeing to all particulars, the cowboy left them at the head of the draw and paced smartly townward alone. He kept a wary eye out for the sheriff while seek- ing the mounts of the sextette along the hitch rails that fronted the two saloons and several stores of Fair- chance. Thought it most likely the saloon racks were where he would find them--and he was correct. "The Howling Coyote" got the rustler trade, for there were the broncs, switching flies, a buckskin, a bay, a pinto, two sorrels and--where was the dun? Joe Gant had been riding a dun and it was not there, strung along with the rest. "He turned off the trail somewheres," the Kid decided as he jogged over to the Howling Coyote. "Last time I seen 'em was half a mile from town an' all was together. Like's not Gant went around to his ranch. Now, le's see. These five jiggers come first." How to capture them, single-handed? The Kid was a fair revolver shot, but had never had much practice on human targets; rattlers, horned toads, rocks, even whiskey bottles had served as such while he was trying to attain speed and accuracy. It was in the use of the riata that he excelled, not only at work but at play, rodeos, stampedes and roundups. He could make his rawhide riata talk His glance now fell on the neat coil in the tie-straps and brightened. Just the weapon to use, more effective than a pair of shooting irons in his hands! But, how was he going to get the enemy bunched so that a single throw would do the trick? If he missed one, that one would be enough to put a hole in him and jack up the game. He couldn't just walk into the barroom and chuck a loop at them, even if they were the only customers at the bar, which the five horses at the hitchrack seemed to indicate, for he would be seen and they would have ample time to dodge, one or more anyway. His wandering gaze returned to the five broncs and down from the saddle he swung, smiling. He had seen nothing of the sheriff and at this blazing hot hour, Fairchancers 