ADVERTISING EARN MONEY AT HOME YOU can make $15 to $60 weekly in your spare time writing show cards. No canvassing or soliciting. We instruct you by our new simple Directograph sys-tem. pay you cash each week and guarantee you steady work, write for full particulars and free booklet. WEST-ANGUS SHOW CARD SERVICE 75 Colborne Building Toronto, Can. 6 Beautiful Art Studies $1 ORIGINAL PHOTOGRAPHS OF SEMI-NUDES Charming pictures of the human figure as it act- ually is, in six artistic poses. All the loveliness end puriry of Nature's finest handiwork in these studio photos, posed by the famous model "Jacqueline." Each of the six photos is 2 1/2 x 6 1/4 and tastefully arranged in artistic folder. Please order at once if quick shipment is desired. Price, postpaid, per set of six:--Cash with Order $1, or, C.O.D. (Pay Postman) $1.10. Address Studio E8 THE ZANZIBAR CO. 109 West 42d Street. New York City Make Money At Home "YOU can earn from $1 to $2 an hour in your spare time writing show cards. Quickly and easily learned by our new simple "Instructograph" method. No canvassing or soliciting; we teach you how, guarantee you steady work at home no matter where you live, and pay you cash each week. Full particulars and booklet [f]ree AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL 217 Ryrie Building Toronto, Can. Study Human Nature Make People Like You Get along better, make more money, develop a winning- per- sonality, learn to know people as they are. Send 5 cents (stamps) for "Personal Power," a little book that points the way. Progress League, P-31 Union Sq. New York FREE DIAMOND RING OFFER Just to advertise our famous Hawaiian lm. dia-monds-- the greatest discovery the world has ever known. We will send absolutely free this 14k gold f. ring, set with a 1/2k Hawaiian lm. diamond--in beautiful ring box. postage paid. Pay postmaster $1.48 C.O.D. charges to cover postage, boxing, advertising, handling, etc. If you can tell it from a real diamond return and money refunded. Only 10,000 given away. Send no money. Answer quick. Send size of finger. KRAUTH &amp; REED. DEPT 812, Masonic Temple, Chicago Beauty Yours! Secrets Centuries Old--Exposed! Bring Magic-Like Results Quickly. YOU CAN be beautiful, alluring, charming! Once I was homely! The portrait above is living proof of what I can do for you, too. If your fea- tures are fairly regular you can be aa temptingly beautiful as the women you have envied! My Secrets of Beauty tell you how--secrets based on mysteries of the French Courts, toilet rites which kept the flaming French beauties young for many years longer than our modern women, myster- ies which were hidden for centuries. These and many other beauty seerets prepared to give you a soft, velvety skin, flushed with the glow of youth, to make you the center of ardent admir- ation. to build your figure aa Nature intended, are all exposed in my book; "Confessions of a Beauty Expert." Banish Coarse Pores Wrinkles Pimples Freckles Superfluous Hair Oily Skin Also with this Free handsomely illus- trated book I send you Free complete information on my methods of How to Remove Wrinkles; Refine Coarse Pores; Banish Blackheads, Pimples, Tan, Freckles and Oily Skin; Beau-tify the Figure, Hands, Arms; Remove superfluous Hairl Grow Beautiful Eyebrows and Lashes; Clear the Skin of Acne; Make Hair Soft, Lustroous, Fluffy. FREE--Book of Beauty Secrets Absolutely no obligation to you. Just clip this coupon, sign name and address and mail to me today. Don't pass this golden chance to win Real Beauty! Investigate!-- It costa you nothing to write and you'll never regret it all your days, dear lady. Personal reply at once. LUCILLE YOUNG Room 325, Lucille Young Bldg., Chicago Please send complete information; also your free book; "Confessions of a Beauty Expert." Name................ Address............. City...........State Morphine New Home Treatment Send Stamp for Book of Information Dr. QUAYLE'S SANITARIUM, MADISON, OHIO, Dept P In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO 125 