12 No Place for Husbands was to become our property. If you'll remember, you gave us permission to take it--I have witnesses." "I know--but I didn't think it was going to be part of a movie. I under- stood it was just a--er--private pic- ture. You got it under false pretenses." "You made no restrictions about its use," Siegel persisted. "You were talk- ing about being an actor--I only took you at your word." John saw that he was dealing with a fox and that there was no use wasting fancy language. He was not sure about the law in the case. But he was sure that he didn't want lawyers and their little playmates, the newspapers, mixed up in it. Once let it get to the ears of Margery--! He turned abruptly to Siegel. "How much do you want for the picture?" "Why--I don't get you," bluffed the director. John's short laugh was derisively mirthless. "Yes, you do--how much money to turn over the picture to me and forget it?" The director, sitting on the edge of the desk and nursing a bony knee in his clasped hands, was exasperatingly slow. "Well, Mr. Harlan--believe me or not--if you was to offer me a million dollars, I couldn't be bribed. Every Tuesday night we ship the film we've shot during the week to Mr. Harris' office in New York. He sends what he wants to the laboratory to be developed. It's cheaper that way." Siegel shrugged his narrow shoulders. "Well, yesterday was Tuesday. I expressed your pic- ture, with the rest of the film, to New York." "Yes--and you and that smart press agent doped out a night-letter to Harris telling him how the fillum was worth a million dollars with Mr. Harlan in it-- I heard you," Peggy interrupted, scorn and anger in her voice and eyes. "You're a fine bunch of bum sports-- you ought to be in San Quentin." She caught at Harlan's arm. "Come on, Jack. You can't get any satisfaction out of this slick fish. The only true word he said was that he ships fillum to New York on Tuesdays." She urged the undecided John toward the door, turning to Siegel long enough to announce haughtily: "You can tear that ten o'clock call of mine up--I'm through with wearing tights for four- flushers like you." A visibly distracted John and Peggy piled into the waiting taxi and sped back toward Los Angeles. "Now, don't worry, Jack," encour- aged Peggy on the way. "You just hustle back to New York quick as you can and see Harris--he has an office on Seventh Avenue. Bluff him a little and then if the old crab don't come through--flash a fat bundle of bills in his face--and you'll get your debut in the movies back fast enough." "I hope to God you're right, Peggy," wailed John from the depths of the seat into which he had slumped moodily. As they reached the residential out- skirts of Los Angeles, he suddenly re- membered that, after all, he had come to California on business. He pulled out his watch and saw that it was eleven o'clock. "I'll have to go to the meeting--I can just make it," he said. "Maybe the damned business will be finished this afternoon, and I'll be able to start right back East." "Too bad that Los Angeles-New York aeroplane line hasn't started yet," sighed Peggy encouragingly. CHAPTER VIII For the time being John's tide of ill- fortune changed. The arrival of the San Francisco banker, armed with au- thority, papers, and a hearty dislike for Los Angeles, caused the business to be concluded about five in the after- noon and the new officers of the Pacific Fruit Company duly installed. 