The House of the Missing 49 might become socially impossible for a moment and say something serious?" The lovely eyes met his in frank sur- prise and inquiry. "--and I wonder whether that sort of thing is good for one?" he finished. She laughed. "That's not very seri- ous, Mr. Clayton. No, I don't suppose that sort of thing is at all good for one. But you New Yorkers do not make that a criterion of your actions, surely?" "Perhaps we do not!" he answered gravely. "But that's no reason why I shouldn't?" she demanded, smiling. "There you go, trying to keep all the privileges for yourselves. I think I like New York and I want lots of privi- leges!" Clayton laughed. "Do you expect to be here long?' "About a month, I think." "Well, you ought to see about enough of New York in that time. And I hereby extend you the freedom of the city with all its privileges. But I hope you will extend me one in return?" At this moment her Aunt bustled up to them. "Natalie, my dear, you must come and meet the Jordans. Such dear people and so unusual. Two of my best friends, you know." Then she turned, beaming. "You will excuse us, Mr. Clayton?" Miss Van Cleef rose gracefully to her feet. In spite of a little momentary trick of shyness now and then, she was clearly a young lady with a good deal of natural poise. She turned to Clayton for an in- stant, before following her aunt. "And the boon you ask?" she inquired, laughing. "Just to see something of you, while you are here," he answered, gravely. Again the lovely eyes met his in sur- prise. He tried to make his glance ex- press nothing more than a friendly in- terest, but a little of his growing wonder and admiration showed for an instant. "Natalie!" her aunt called her, a little impatiently. The girl colored adorably and dropped her eyes. "I--why, of course, if you-- wish it," she murmured. An instant later she had joined her aunt. Clayton stood still, conscious of quick- ening pulses. And for an instant he forgot his mission there and the work he had set himself to do, and became enmeshed in a day-dream, full of vague thoughts and fancies, leading he knew not whither. But not for long. In the middle of a discussion on Freud, Mrs. Furneau moved passed him with a smile that held something of meaning in it and he looked up to see her welcoming a tall woman, strikingly handsome, whose face he recognized at once. But he should not have recognized her if her face had not been engraved on his memory by the force of association with tragedy. For he remembered Mrs. Faw- cette as an ultra-conservative, conven- tional woman--a woman who was socially powerful and knew it--and one whose speech and attire were as con- servative as her views. And now! She wore a long, flowing "Art" gown of the most amazing shade of orange fading into lavender. She wore long green earrings, hanging nearly to her shoulders. Her chestnut hair, once so beautifully coiffured, now escaped in wisps from beneath her big, flopping hat, and from her head to her heels, she was "of Art, Arty!" But after a second glance Clayton realized that the change in her attire was perhaps not the most striking change after all. The handsome face was still hard--still held something of dominance in its level glance--but the mouth had sagged a little; there were heavy lines tinder the eyes, and the eyes themselves were less clear. The whole face had deteriorated. It S.--Aug. 1--4 