8 No Place for Husbands John leaned back and allowed her to do the talking. She chattered amiably through the oysters and heavy, expen- sive stuff to demi-tasse and cigarette. Her language was slangily picturesque; it was a relief to John's figures-filled brain. Peggy was in the movies, she told him--Hal Harris comedies--wore a one-piece bathing-suit and cavorted spicily before the camera at Venice and other beach resorts. Her present job was somewhat of a comedown for her, she assured him, but "times be tough, and ladies must live." "How about you, Jack?" she in- quired. "You're married, aren't you? I've seen pictures of you and her in the Sunday picture sections. She's awful cute. I've heard about the big- league things you've been pulling off in Wall Street, too. Broker friend of mine here in Los Angeles says you're the smartest banking man in America. "Lord--imagine that! And a couple of years ago I was getting stewed with you at Bustanoby's and stuffing in wheat cakes at the Fifty-ninth Street Childs' at four in the morning, and keeping just enough sense in my head to prevent the taxi driver from robbing you of your last nickel. Oh, boy--the world do move, and some go up and some go down. "But honest, Jack, I am proud of you--when I find your photo in the paper, along with a lot of other stiff- bosomed gents, I show it to the other girls and state, ‘Well, mesdames, not long ago I--in person--was playing around with that wealthy lad.' " At first this vivacious ghost from his past visibly disturbed John. It didn't seem honorable for him to be dining with an ex-chorine and listening to jazzful memoirs of their past. He had long since parted with all that. But it was good to hear a friendly voice. And he hadn't heard anything like Peggy's stimulating patois for several years. He paid the check and said, "Same old Peggy, aren't you? Come on--let's dance." In the middle of Sweet Lady, Peggy sighed and declared, "You always were a wonderful dancer, Jack." He was pleased as a kid. Why hadn't Margery ever told him that? When they parted at about eleven, Peggy asked, "Why don't you come out and see me work, Jack? I look spiffy as ever in my dishabilly. You've never seen movies in the making, have you? Come tomorrow." "Impossible, Peggy--I'm sorry. I'm counting on finishing up tomorrow and leaving for New York." She pouted invitingly. "It seems a darned shame to have to leave you so soon--after not seeing you for ages." A sigh and a Frenchy shrug. "Well, if you should have a second to spare-- Hal Harris studio, Selma Avenue, Hollywood, is the address. Ask any- body you see how to get there." She was stopping at the Envoy for the night and wondered, half hopeful, half amused, if he would kiss her at the door. He didn't--and passed on to his own room. CHAPTER VI John's business conference the fol- lowing day lasted until noon. Then further action was postponed until the next morning, pending the arrival of an important banking man from San Francisco. Harlan wondered what he would do with himself in the meantime, after writing his daily stint to Margery. He had resolved to think no more about Peggy Du Bois. But over a lonesome cigar at lunch he permitted himself to toy with her suggestion that he visit the studio. He framed an alibi. Harlan &amp; Co. handled the financing of several motion picture concerns. It was his duty, only thirty minutes from movieland, to view something of the 