A Rogue in Love ByW. Carey Wonderly WHEN she was eighteen years old Alice Ainsley fell in love with Maurice Sutherland, and in an im- pulsive moment sat down and wrote to the actor, expressing her admira- tion and venturing to hope that some day she would appear in his company. It was said of Sutherland that during a transcontinental tour he left a string of broken hearts from the Battery to the Golden Gate. He was used to stage- struck, love-sick girls, and Alice's letter was but one of many; yet he enjoyed it and tucked it away with similar missives at the bottom of his trunk. That summer Alice appeared with the stock company in her home town, play- ing unimportant roles in a capable man- ner, and in September she arrived in New York, with a scrapbook of notices and a burning desire to act. Her notices were good, her wardrobe was excellent, and Alice Ainsley was a very lovely young person, attracting im- mediate attention in gloomy theaters and busy offices. September, however, is a bad month to be seeking engage- ments, when most of the companies are filled. Everyone said she was very fortunate to secure even an understudy, and especially with such a star as Maurice Sutherland. They didn't know how she had worked for that coveted position. Since her arrival in New York she had spent half her time between the theater where Sutherland was rehearsing and the of- fices of the management under whose direction he played. The office-boy fell a victim to Alice's beauty and was ever willing to carry her card in to his boss; but that gentleman refused to see Miss Ainsley because he had nothing to offer her. At the theater it was pretty much the same. Mr. Suth- erland didn't engage his company; the doorman sent Alice to the managerial suite. Yet in the end her patience--or persistency!--was rewarded. "If you please, sir, it's the same young lady again," the doorman told Suther- land, after the star had overheard an argument between the guardian of the portal and Alice. "She won't take ‘no' for an answer; she wants a job." Unseen by Alice, the actor studied the girl's fresh young beauty, noted her good clothes, and decided she was well worth knowing. His wasn't a fastidious soul, perhaps; he loved women because they were women rather than because they were lovely. But--Alice Ainsley was a lovely young woman, with something of the haunting fragrance of springtime and lilacs about her, and Sutherland felt his pulse quicken as he looked. Hastily he wrote something on the back of his card and thrust it into the doorman's hand. "Give her this and say she is to take it to Gladwyn," the star said. It was the open sesame and the next morning Alice reported for rehearsal with the Maurice Sutherland company. She was ordered to understudy Diana Devereaux, the leading lady, a creature too magnificent for words and yet too sensible ever to fall ill. The other women in the company told Alice that her engagement was a sinecure--all she 73 