Saucy SHOTS from STUDIOS By Dorothy Donnell Calhoun EVERYONE connected with the movie industry is busy trying to find an alibi to explain away the uncomfortable fact that in February of this year fewer people by eight million went to the movies than in the corre- sponding month last year. John Griffith Wray, the director, thinks the trouble is injudicious methods of exploitation. The public has been plied with superlatives. Every new picture is claimed to be "the most mar- velous, most artistic, most costly, most sensational" picture ever made. Allit- eration's artful aid abounds in the an- nouncements: "dazzlingly daring; dis- tractingly devilish." Capital letters sprinkle the advertisements as thickly as the freckles adorning Wes Barry's map: "She was Mad for Money," "She Yearned for the rightful Joys of Youth," or "If You found Your Wife was holding Hands with Another Man by Radio, what would You Do?" Mr. Wray believes that this ring-lingo may be successful for circuses where rustics will stand, forgetting that the inside of their mouths is getting sun- burned, while they read of the Amazing Bi-Horned Amphibious Bovalpus and then pay to go in and see a water buf- falo. But that the dignified drama of the screen can dispense with ballyhoo. An advertisement of a new photoplay written truthfully and modestly, Mr. Wray claims, would appeal more strongly. Such an ad we here submit, and let our readers draw their own con- clusions: The new Goldie Gay picture, "Without Benefit of Reno," has a theme that was old when Nero was spanked by his father for playing with matches at the age of four. The star who plays the part of a schoolgirl does as well as could be expected when one considers her age--thirty-seven. A million dol- lars was NOT spent on the pro- duction, and the management is willing to swear to this before a notary. The handsome hero did not risk his life by jumping from a tower into the sea--we used a tail- or's dummy instead. The only time the hero ever risked his life was by making personal appearances after 123 