The Radio Roadster 85 things you've heard. This valley's full of amateur stations." "But you surely have an idea!" it was insisted. "Vaguely," he admitted. "It must have come over a three-hundred-meter wave-length or less--so it couldn't be far away. But I haven't any means of figuring what station is meant by those letters, although an official register would tell." "Well, why bother?" shrugged Court- ney Blair. "Somebody's trying to pull a joke on us. Everybody knows we pick up waves in the evening, and they're hoping we'll fall for the trick." But Alicia gripped Van Horn's arm and whispered excitedly. "There's something about it that makes me feel all creepy," she told him. "Oh, can't he catch them again and find out whether anything's wrong?" "I've been trying," the operator said, "but they seem to be dead." Alicia gave a horrified shudder, but Van Horn reassured her. "He only means in a radio sense," Ted explained. "He can't catch any more waves from them." "Just wait a minute," the operator suggested. "I'll broadcast a bit myself, and ask whether anyone else heard what we did." Then, as they stood about him, he be- gan to send his spoken queries through the air in every direction, to be caught by countless radio sets in the valley and up the mountainside. A few moments ago, in his efforts to pick up the song more distinctly, he had adjusted his loops to intercept it to better advantage. That experiment had made him believe that the singer's voice came over the waves from the north. Consequently, he started to volley questions diagonally to the east and west of the point where he suspected the musical message had emanated. Soon he began to be flooded with replies, and it was some moments before he could establish order out of chaos in his receiving set. But gradually, one by one, he commenced to receive answers from various spots over the country- side. The song and the supposed shot and the partial SOS had all been distin- guished by houses equipped with anten- na; for miles around. And the consensus of opinion was that the alarm was a hoax. But the operator told Van Horn that Police Headquarters at West Farming- ton was now taking a hand in the hunt. The campers were in a flurry of ex- citement, but the wireless operator shut off his amplifier so that incoming news reached no ears but his own. Dick Duars and Emlyn Warren were for getting out their plane and soaring over the valley in search of what they might see, but the others argued that such a proceeding was hopeless, espe- cially at night, when the roads could hardly be seen at the altitude the two would have to maintain. Nevertheless, the men started off for the hangars, and Ted Van Horn gave a surprised exclamation as he glanced at the memo the wireless man was writing on his pad. The Chief of Police had traced the mysterious signal letters and advised the camp operator of the name of the man from whose set they had come--if the call was genuine. Without a word to the others, Van Horn led Alicia aside and told her what he had seen. The name the operator had penciled was that of Carter Har- rington, whose bachelor studio-bunga- low was perched halfway up the moun- tain, not twenty miles from Carefree as the crow flies. "Ted," Alicia said as she gripped his arm, "I wish I knew whether Nick has gone home. Somehow I can't help link- ing Nick with anything that concerns Carmen Castleton. Just suppose she 