The Dimpled Dumb-Bell 115 Hagar! I'll smash the old thing first or I'll--" Instantly her face cleared. Berlitz had told her the stone was worth a thousand dollars. She would sell him the ring be- fore he found out that "Blanding was wise." Then she would go to Chicago to visit her married sister until it was safe to return to New York. Still earning the cold-cream jar, Dora hurried out of the house and made her way to the dingy basement store of B. Berlitz. Behind her, a cap drawn down over his forehead, crept Trip Hagar. They arrived at the store about the same time, but Trip remained outside until Ber- litz and Dora were engaged in conversa- tion. Inside the store, Dora stated the purpose of her call. "You said the turquoise you copied was worth a thousand dollars," she said. "I want fifteen hundred." "Let's see it," answered Berlitz. With a flourish, Dora lifted the lid of the cold-cream jar. Intent upon the business of extracting the ring from its perfumed bed, she did not see the expression of horror upon the jeweler's florid face. She held the ring toward him, smiling proudly. Berlitz jerked it from her fingers and dashed to the workshop in the rear of the store. Dora waited impatiently during the mo- ment he was gone. "I want my fifteen hundred," she shrilled, as he returned. Then, as she saw the ex- pression of despairing fury upon his face she paled and her lips began to tremble. "Why, what's the matter?" she faltered. "Haven't you got the fifteen hundred?" Berlitz nodded, then shook his head. "I've got it, but--" The street door opened and closed with a bang. Dora gasped in fright. "Where's that turquoise?" bellowed Trip, looking from the frightened Dora to the jeweler, and back again to Dora. Dora nodded toward Berlitz. "He's got it," she said weakly. "Did--aren't you afraid Blanding will--?" "Shut up about Blanding. Where's that turquoise?" Berlitz opened his hand and disclosed a bronze ring set with a mottled, muddy green stone. Gone was all hint of the exquisite color of the turquoise; gone was all trace of its waxy luster. Trip smiled contemptuously. "None of that!" he snarled. "Come through with the turquoise!" "This is it," sighed Berlitz. "She's ruined it." "Ruined it?" Trip turned angrily upon Dora. "What have you done?" he de- manded roughly. "She has ruined the Minibilh turquoise," repeated Berlitz. "Nothing will counter- act the effect of grease." "Grease!" shouted Trip. His eyes fell upon the innocent looking jar in which the ring had been hidden. He caught Dora by the shoulders and whirled her about to face him. "What do you mean, ruining a valuable stone like that?" "I didn't do anything to it," sobbed Dora. "I only hid it while I went out to dinner. It wasn't in the cold cream more than an hour." "An hour!" Berlitz laughed sharply. "In grease cream, fifteen minutes would have been enough." Trip ignored the jeweler who had un- consciously assisted in destroying the tur- quoise by making the second duplicate. He retained his hold upon Dora's shoulder. "Didn't you know that grease--any kind of grease--would soak into the stone and spoil the color?" he asked. "I didn't know anything," sobbed Dora, "except that you were mean and said I couldn't think. And you searched my 