74 A Rogue in Love had to do was to report at the theater every night and draw her salary every week. "Of course you'll never get the op- portunity to play the part--Devereaux is too clever to give another actress a chance in her role; but you must have known that, darling, when you signed for the job. Things might be worse, you know, and it's a bad season. Still, if you're ambitious--" The other girl looked at her and Alice smiled gently. Come to think of it, hadn't she achieved her ambition when she found herself on the same stage with Maurice Sutherland? But if Alice was without ambition she wasn't the sort of understudy that Henry Ross showed himself to be. This young man, who was known as Hal to his friends, understudied Sutherland and had about as much chance of playing the part as Alice had of reading Diana's lines. The knowledge was a bitter dose, and because he found it so, he thought that Alice must suffer accordingly in her position. Misery loves company, and Hal Ross sought Alice in the theater and out of it. "An understudy is something like a squirrel in a cage," he said once. "In spite of effort we never get anywhere. If something were to happen to Suther- land I suppose the management would close the theater." His words turned Alice a little faint. "What could happen to Sutherland?" she wanted to know. "What happens to all of us?" Ross said. "There are germs everywhere-- laryngitis--appendicitis-- But nothing will ever happen to him, you can depend on it." Alice felt sorry for Hal, and we are told that pity is akin to love, but Suther- land-- Well, all women fell down and worshipped him and Alice was a woman, scarcely twenty, too. As for Maurice, he hadn't forgotten Alice, even though he paid her little attention during the busy hours of re- hearsal. Besides his Greek profile and splendid voice, he possessed an old- fashioned gallantry which made him a picturesque figure on the stage and Alice used to watch him from the wings with her heart in her throat and her soul in her eyes. The other actresses watched him, too, though some of them laughed derisively afterward. "We get the thrill--oh, yes! But Devereaux will see to it that we don't get the man," they said. It was the first time that Alice ever heard Sutherland's named connected with Diana's, and never having a special liking for the leading lady, she now avoided her. II Because she was a well-bred young woman, proud, if shy. Alice Ainsley tried to hide her infatuation for the actor from the rest of the company, and even Hal, who was beginning to find a real satis- faction in her society, didn't dream that she was interested in the man rather than in the artist. But Sutherland knew. Of course he had the memory of her per- sistent efforts to join the company to help him, but there were other signs which led him to believe that here was another heart at his feet. He liked the idea. So long as women adored him his position in the theater was secure. He especially liked Alice-- she was so young and pretty and virginal. Once the business of readying the play was over-- Even while he was promising himself a new affair of the heart, Diana Deve- reaux was preparing to separate Maurice and Alice. She knew best how to do it. Without illusion herself, knowing Maurice Sutherland for what he really was, Diana still retained an affection for the man and she didn't propose to stand 