The House of the Missing 55 with us this afternoon. Do you suppose you could manage to take him?" Then Clayton saw a queer thing hap- pen. Mrs. Fawcette turned as though she had been stung and glanced first at him and then at Natalie, with a scarcely veiled intensity that left them startled in their turn. She did not answer for a moment, and Natalie was driven into further speech: "I've been telling him about that won- derful tea we had there before and he wants to come along and sample it. But if you'd rather not--" She glanced from Mrs. Fawcette to Clayton, in obvious embarrassment. Clayton thought Mrs. Fawcette had grown rather pale, but she answered rapidly enough: "You bad girl! I told you not to talk about that tea, or our host will be swamped with people coming to sample it and demanding where he got it. But if Mr. Clayton wants to come with us, I shall be delighted to include him in the party, and he can see you home after- ward." There was an almost venomous light in her eyes as she spoke. But if Natalie saw it she appeared serenely unconscious of the fact. "Thank you," she answered. "And I'm awfully sorry if I should not have talked to him about it." Naturally Clayton did not feel very comfortable about his position in the party, but he was determined to go, and so made no demur to his left-handed in- vitation. And later, when they found themselves in Mrs. Fawcette's car on the way to her friend's house, she seemed to wish to make amends by being very cordial to both. But Clay- ton did not much relish the look in her eye when it fell on Natalie, all the same. Their host was a Russian, an aristo- crat and a card from the fallen house of cards that had been Russia, carried by the wind of that fall into a new country and a new circle. Unlike most Russian aristocrat refu- gees, however, he seemed to have plenty of means. The house, just off Fifth Avenue in the Eighties, was beautifully if somewhat barbarically furnished, with a queer mixture of Occidental comfort in the shape of deep lounges and arm chairs, and of Oriental splendor in many and rich hangings and cushions. The air of his rooms was heavy with perfume and the man himself, with his pale skin, deep-set eyes and pointed beard, gave an impression of something equally exotic. They were the only guests and he welcomed them with al- most effusive cordiality, Clayton in- cluded. After a few moments of general con- versation, Mrs. Fawcette rose to her feet, smiling. "Droga," she called to him--he was talking to Natalie--"I have brought something to show you. I am sure that the young people will excuse us for a moment!" Before Clayton had recovered from his amused surprise at the somewhat crude method of classifying him with Natalie, Ivanovitch, our host, had risen to his feet with a smile and a bow and followed Mrs. Fawcette through a pair of heavy curtains into a room beyond. "Well!" laughed Natalie. Then her smile faded and she touched his arm. "But I'm glad you came," she whispered. "I don't think I like it here very much. I thought there was going to be a lot of people. At least, I thought that was what Mrs. Fawcette said." "Natalie, dear," Clayton whispered. "Don't come here again without me! Promise?' He was very much in earnest and the "dear" slipped out before he knew it, but fortunately she did not seem to notice it. "You are growing very dictatorial, sir!" she answered. "But all the same 