The Dimpled Dumb-Bell 111 her presence in the car. "It's nearly eleven o'clock," he said after a moment, and slipped his arm stiffly about Dora's waist. Dora sighed and allowed her head to rest briefly upon his shoulder. "I was beginning to think you didn't like me," she said softly. "Women, especially pretty women, are dangerous," said Blanding, and kissed her suddenly. His drooping mustache dragged unpleasantly across her lips and Dora for- got, for the moment, her role of siren. She thought only of her distaste for her ancient admirer and jerked away from him pettishly. Darius Blanding was hurt. More, he was angry. He moved to the far corner of the seat and barked an order into the speaking tube at his elbow. The car swerved from the park and sped down Fifth Avenue toward the corner of Thirty- third Street. Dora recalled the purpose of this ride and was instantly contrite. She dared not give this austere old man an imitation of his valuable turquoise, as long as he was displeased with her. He might take the precaution of examining it closely before he allowed her to leave the car at her corner. She grew more and more nervous as the time of transfer drew nearer with the passing of the short blocks. Her faith in the perfection of the duplicate ring weakened. It didn't seem possible to her that a man could carry the exact color of the Shah's turquoise in his eye. It was such a queer color, too. But if she did not make the exchange tonight, Trip Hagar would insist that she try again and Dora didn't want to make another engagement with Blanding. She moved insinuatingly to her com- panion's side and rubbed her powdered cheek against his black coat sleeve. She sighed softly and looked up into his face. Blanding sat, stiffly erect, staring at the athletic back of his chauffeur. Dora sighed again and glanced from the window. They were nearing her corner. In another minute-- She took the left hand of Darius Bland- ing and replaced it about her waist. "Even if you don't like me," she murmured as she dropped the genuine turquoise into her pocket, "there's your pretty ring." She slipped the duplicate ring upon his finger and gave his hand a tender pat of farewell. "I'm sorry I have to go home so early." The car drew up to the curb and the chauffeur stood alertly beside the open door. Dora allowed her companion a veiled glimpse of her turquoise eyes and a flash of dimples as she stepped quickly to the street. "It's been a nice ride," she said. "Thank you," replied Blanding, "Good- bye." His tone was courteously cold and totally lacking in regret. He neither asked for her address nor suggested that she telephone him. With a sigh of relief, Dora saw the car move away from the corner, carrying Darius Blanding out of her life. It hadn't been a nice ride and only the possession of the Shah's favorite jewel compensated for her trouble in making a temporary playmate of so old and tiresome a man. And, the moment she telephoned Trip Hagar of her success, she would have nothing but a paltry hundred dollars in return for the boredom of being pleasant to Darius Blanding. Her small fist clutched protectingly about the ring and in her brain grew a plan whereby she could keep the ancient stone a little while. She stepped into a drug-store telephone-booth and dropped a coin into the five-cent slot. Dora's voice trembled as she gave the number of Trip's phone to the operator. She swallowed with difficulty when he answered. 