The Radio Roadster 93 time the police motor would come to take him to West Farmington for a hearing scheduled for seven. Nick's head was swathed in bandages and his face was covered with plasters, but the physician had said that the knife wound was not a serious one. The hurt on the back of his head might have been caused by a blow--or what was more likely, the sergeant thought, when he was hurled from the car from which Carmen had also been thrown. Of course the dust and dirt which lit- tered the bungalow would afford ample opportunity for the taking of finger- prints. but nothing much could be done for the remainder of the night, and everyone was impatient for the coming of the dawn. A grandfather's clock in the corner struck the half hour, and Nick aroused himself from his trance with a start. Outside they could hear the arrival of a car and the tread of heavy-shod feet on the porch. Van Horn swung about on his heel with a sigh of relief. At least it would be easier when they were on their way. Counsel were motoring from town with all speed, and before nightfall Nick's case would be in good hands--yet Van Horn stared at his friend with a sort of pity not unmixed with a feeling of keen disappointment. Then the door opened, and an officer walked in with Dick Duars and Emlyn Warren, still in their airplane togs. "Say!" Duars began, catching sight of Van Horn, "Emlyn and I took a car after we put up the flyer, and went over to look at the wreck of Nick's radio- sending roadster. And we found some- thing which may be interesting--" As he spoke, another officer came into the room, pushing before him a sullen- looking man in a blue serge suit and a nondescript cap. "This bird was nosing about Nick's busted buggy, as though that wireless attachment tickled him stiff." "Can't a man look at a freak thing like that without getting pinched for it?" the stranger demanded surlily. "A cat may look at a king, old top," Duars reminded him, "but snooping about smashed speedcars in the middle of the night requires an explanation." The officer in charge of the man turned to the sergeant, and came to a salute. "Says he's on a hike for his vacation," the policeman explained; "but he hasn't any kit or camp--" "What's your name?" the sergeant demanded. Other questions followed. Nick seemed hardly cognizant of what was taking place. With a bored air, as though resenting the intrusion, Van Horn tapped restlessly with his foot upon the fender before the fire. The prisoner seemed belligerent, and was somewhat confused in his answers to the sergeant's questions. At one of them, a smile passed momentarily over Van Horn's face. Then he began kick- ing the fender again. This time, what he had hoped for happened suddenly. "It's a damned lie!" yelled the man who claimed to be on a hike. "I didn't--" "Didn't what?" asked Van Horn casually, looking him full in the face with a glint of amusement in his eyes. "What you just kicked out on that iron in the International Code!" came the angry reply. "You think you're a smart Alec, don't you?" "At least I suspected that you might understand that code," Van Horn said meaningly. "And I was right, at that. Now, suppose you take your hands out of your pockets!" "What for?" snarled the man in the cap. "Because I want to see your right one," Van Horn told him. "If you don't show it to me I'll ask the officer-- "Well, look at it!" shouted the pris- 