She Who Hesitates- 71 mony, or love, or trifles of that sort. Did you think I was looking for con- solation?" Another pause. How horribly exas- perating!--this disembodied dialog! Nita craned her pretty head in every direction. But the hedge was close and thick. She could hear her own heart now--beating high with a curious hope. "For a good while," said Cherrie in her low voice, "I've been absolutely nuts about you, Wally. Of course, it was plain as paper that you wanted Nita. But if she won't have you--I'm not so bad, really, Wally--I--I would care a lot. I'll do anything--or be any- thing to you! Honest!" "Don't be absurd, Cherrie. You must have swiped an extra glass off that trick train of Anton's." "No! No! I care a lot, Wally. I'll do whatever you say." "Then hunt up some excelsior and sleep off those extra cocktails and what- nots. I'm ashamed of you, really! Pull- ing such a skull!" "Oh, Wall-ee!" "See here, now Cherrie, this is all nonsense. If you're in earnest, I'm dead sorry. But you'll get over it. As for me--well, there is only one girl I hon- estly care about making a fuss over. ‘Was,' I should say." Another pause. Another rustle. Cherrie moving disconsolately away? Poor Cherrie! Poor dear little Cherrie. She had done this for her--Nita! Had laid her heart open, to be wounded! V Nita sped on golden feet back the path and around the hedge and to where Wally sat near the statue of Pan, his head in his hands and the moonlight on his solitary figure. She floated close to him and slipped a hand inside the crook of his elbow. "Oh, go 'way, Cherrie," growled Wally crossly, very much as a sulky boy grunts "Go home, Towser," to his faith- ful follower. But the hand remained, and with it a faint perfume that penetrated Wally's startled senses so that he raised heavy eyes to stare into Nita's blue ones, gor- geous with happiness. "Wally, dear," she whispered, "take me away--tonight! Now! Please, dear! I love you so!" For a long, incredulous minute he stared. Then he took her by one hand and pulled her almost roughly over the bright lawn and out to the road where his blue Redion stood. "Why wait!" said Wally. VI Late the following morning Nita. charming in blue chiffon negligee, sit- ting before the elaborate dressing-table in the elaborate bedroom of her elabo- rate hotel suite, tore open a blue en- velope, Vicky-scented, just delivered by special messenger: Dear Nita: Say, I got the laugh on you, kid. Don't get sore, promise! But I married old Anton about an hour ago. When I told him you'd run away with Wally Camp, and wouldn't I do, because I'd been wanting him (his wad!), why, at first he was pretty peeved, but I coaxed and kissed him into a laugh and, sure enough, he married me. He's al- ways liked me next best to you, you know. Honest, kid, I had to have old Anton. I'd been planning to catch him for the past six months, when you stuck your peaches-and-cream mug into the chorus and caught his eye. Anyway, you're terrible fond of Wally, though I think he's awful upstage. 