A Rogue in Love 77 life, and yet I never grow tired of it, never see enough of the old town. Un- fortunately most of my friends aren't of the same heart. Do you know what I should like to do, Miss Ainsley?" He was smiling down into her eyes, and while recognizing his striking per- sonality, he left her heart cold. All the time she was thinking of Diana's words--of the silly girls he had made unhappy--even a maid! Since she didn't answer at once, he repeated his question. "Do you know what I'd like to do, Miss Ainsley?" "I can't imagine," she faltered, be- cause she did guess what was in his mind. "I'd like to go on an exploring expedi- tion with you!" Sutherland cried, his handsome head very close to hers. "I'd like to show you New York--like to see it all over again with you. May I?" He was as humble as a mid-Victorian lover. Alice had to recall the man's cool indifference and frank audacity in Diana's apartment before she could be- lieve her own ears. What an actor he was! A rogue, he called himself. "I'm sorry," she said, with a fierce little sigh of relief, "but Mr. Ross and I are going to explore New York to- gether. You see, he is a provincial too, Mr. Sutherland, and it will be rather fun uncovering things for ourselves. Thanks just the same--" He caught her up eagerly. "I know places--quaint, picturesque corners of the town that the average fellow never discovers. You can't say ‘no,' Miss Ainsley, when I beg . . . so humbly--I" But "no" is exactly what Alice did say, though she added with a gentle smile, "I'm sorry." As a matter of fact, the star's attitude filled her breast with conflicting emotions since she doubted his sincerity even while his pleading stirred her deeply. Fancy Maurice Sutherland begging humbly! Yet he was ever the actor. It required only Alice's refusal to add the requisite fuel to the flame of Suth- erland's passion and when he saw her leave the theater, after the performance, with Hal Ross, Maurice was satisfied again that he had found the one woman in all the world. When Diana met him he looked hag- gard, wild-eyed, like a man who had been drinking. Miss Devereaux knew the signs; once more Maurice was in the throes of a great love. But his life was made up of affairs of the heart, and for the rest she believed he had met his match in Alice. Then, just when he faced the darkest hour, when he seemed unable to work or play because of this girl, Sutherland came across Alice's letter, almost two years old now, at the bottom of his trunk. He had always saved these billets- doux, finding them a pleasant help in trouble. Alice's letter renewed his faith in himself, gave him courage, and led him to believe that her present attitude was merely a pose. Of course she cared for him! What the coquette wanted was fire, devotion, proof. To celebrate the hundredth perform- ance of the play in New York there was a dance and supper given to the com- pany after the show in the greenroom of the theater. This handsome and spa- cious apartment, modeled after the green-rooms of Shakespeare's day, in what was a new and very smart play- house, was located below the level of the stage and the principal dressing- rooms opened off of it. All the women wore their prettiest frocks for the party, and there was an orchestra from one of the cabarets, and a punch that would have been loudly acclaimed in pre-Volstead days. Their host was doing himself proud, and friends crowded around to congratu- late him, but Sutherland had eyes for only one person, listened for only one 