78 A Rogue in Love voice. But friends were right when they called this his night of nights; Maurice intended it to be that. Out of courtesy to his leading lady it was necessary for him to open the dance with Diana, but the lady's charms and the dreamy measures of the waltz left him cold and unmoved. All the while he was watching Alice Ainsley-- Alice who smiled so divinely in the arms of young Ross. She refused to look at him, even while she must have felt his eyes upon her, but Maurice wasn't dis- heartened. It was all a game to bring him to her feet, of course. The dance stopped and an encore was demanded and given. Maurice and Diana had held their places on the floor, and now as the music started up again, he claimed her for the extra. Diana eluded him and stepped back. "No, you don't, my dear fellow," she said, smiling. "No man may dance with me and flirt with another woman at the same time. I'm not jealous, understand, Maurice; I merely refuse to be insulted before all these people. Take me over to the sofa and don't come near me again until you have recovered your senses." "Very well!" No woman owned him; he would take Diana at her word. There was a swagger to the man as he escorted his leading lady to the sofa and left her there. He'd show Di a thing or two. It was she who had cut the bonds be- tween them. Now he was free to go to Alice--morally free as well as legally so. There was no reason to be advanced for refusing to dance with Sutherland. He was their star and he had danced with every woman in the company, even the grand dame who was seventy and had grandchildren in the profession. Presently Alice found herself in Maurice's arms, his eyes on her face, his voice low and tense in her ear. "If I were asked to name the loveliest creature here tonight--" he said, and paused significantly, waiting for her reply. Alice laughed. "And have you said that to each of us you've danced with? Thank you, but I know--" "Know what?" he demanded eagerly. She felt the color stealing into her cheeks. "I know you are merely being nice to me, an unimportant member of your company." Then, as he opened his lips in protest, "I know your repu- tation as a ladies' man, Mr. Sutherland, and forgive you." Maurice looked sad. "Why won't you take me seriously?" he said. "That wouldn't be fair." Alice didn't feel like smiling, but she did so, hoping to hold him at arm's length by refusing to accept him solemnly. "I love you!" His touch was hot, un- yielding. "Please, Mr. Sutherland!" She couldn't make a scene here, before all these people. "I mean it--I love you, Alice," he cried. "Can't you see it in my face, read the truth in my eyes, my speech? You are driving me mad! Your indifference, your flirtations with other men--with Ross!--have gotten under my skin and I can neither work nor sleep nor eat. My friends notice this change-- Be merci- ful, dear, and say you care--a little." She shook her head gently. "I'm afraid I don't," she said. "Perhaps it would be better if I resign from the company--" "I won't permit it!" "Then you must never talk like this again." "I love you so--!" "No, I don't think you love me, Mr. Sutherland," Alice said, meeting his eyes squarely. "This isn't love. Because mine is a new face; because you don't know me as you do the others-- I'm sorry, but you can't add my scalp to your --your collection." "So that is it!" he cried, his face 