152 RANCH ROMANCES    when he didn't turn up when he said he would."  "How long has this man been dead?" Kay tried another tack to turn the line of the inquiry.  "About four or five days, I should judge." Zeke Farley came back to the remark of Seth's and asked, "What's that about his being expected back?"  "I'll tell you how it was," Kay fore- stalled Seth. "He'd planned to go back to get his mother and sister, and bring them here to live. You see, he'd worked out a plan for rebuilding." With a few quick words she sketched out Ted's ideas, ending:  "So I know he wouldn't have left us in the lurch unless something had hap- pened to him. He might be wounded, dead or dying himself, while you're ac- cusing him of murder!" She choked up in spite of herself. "I think you ought to be searching for him, to see if he's in trouble, instead of fooling around about a gun!" She fixed the sheriff with an indignant eye.  "We'll be searching for him, all right," the sheriff commented grimly. "I just wanted to make sure my hunch about the gun was right. I thought I'd seen your father toting it. Now that I know you gave it to Gaynor, it clears up a lot, and things look pretty black against him, all right. You probably don't know that he was heard threaten- ing this Scrap Johnson's life, before quite a few witnesses?"  "Before--witnesses?" Kay faltered, her mind flashing back to the scene on the mesa, when Ted had told Scrap Johnson he'd kill him if he ever showed up on the range again. There certainly hadn't been any witnesses there besides herself!  "Yes," the sheriff answered her     amazed query. "Gaynor and Scrap Johnson had a fight at Kelly's joint one day last week, and Gaynor got the best of it. According to some of the boys who were there, he threatened to get Scrap, next time."  Tom Runyon's account of the fight at Kelly's flashed in Kay's mind, and with a sick feeling she realized how black the evidence was that was piling up against Ted.  "But that's neither here nor there," said the sheriff, turning to the door. "The first thing is to join up with Sam Cutter, the Idaho sheriff, and catch the bird; we can save the evidence for later." He slipped the gun into his pocket and picked up his hat. "Sorry to be all this bother, Miss Kay. I've got to be getting on now; but while I'm away you try to remember every single thing you can about this Gaynor."  "Where are you going?" Kay asked fearfully.  "Over into the Clear Water Basin to look up his mother and sister first; then I'll report to Sam Cutter's deputy and come back by the pass and search around there some more."  "You'll let me know the minute you hear anything, won't you?" Kay tried to keep the desperate anxiety out of her tone. "We have no telephone now, but you could get hold of Babs at the Flying Six, and she'll ride over and tell me."  "Sure I will." Zeke Farley was al- ready in his saddle as he made this promise. "I hope you're right about his being on the square, but I've got my doubts!"  With this meager encouragement, he picked up his reins and made off.  (To be continued in the next issue)