HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 15   "But yuh get me wrong, Miss Car- lyle," Link persisted seriously. "I ain't questionin' yore ownership. I'm sayin' yuh cain't go out there alone. Some- body has got to go with yuh--some other woman. Yuh see--"  Loma shook her head. "I don't see why I shouldn't. I'm quite able to take care of myself, thank you. Again, I'm obliged."  She nodded and pushed by him, enter- ing the store. For a long moment Link stared after her, then, growling a low curse, he turned to face the rider he had knocked out. Texas Jack was sitting up now and the vacuousness of his ex- pression faded gradually.  He was fingering the gun at his belt, but Link stepped swiftly forward and jerked it away from him. He thumbed open the loading gate of the weapon and jacked out the cartridges. Then he tossed the weapon back at its owner's feet.  "Yore time is up, feller," Link growled. "This country is sick of the sight of yuh. Yuh got an hour to get out--not a second more. I'll be in town that long. Next time yuh an' me meet it's a showdown, with the smoke a- rollin'. I've told yuh somethin'."  Turning on his heel, Link went to the door of Judge Reynolds' office and en- tered without knocking. Texas Jack watched him go, then crawled to his feet, sober now and with his depraved features a mask of hate. He reloaded his gun, slouched down the street and mounted a bronco, roweling the animal cruelly as he went surging out of town.  Judge Reynolds looked up at Link Sanderson's abrupt entrance, saw who it was, and smiled pleasantly. "Howdy, Link. What brings you here?"  "I come in to tell yuh that yuh oughta have yore haid felt," said Link shortly.  The judge's merry eyes twinkled. "Thanks for the suggestion. Being hu- man, I make blunders. And after some particularly bad blunder I've often thought I ought to, myself. What's wrong?"  "Plenty. What in the name of com-     mon sense did yuh wanta send that Car- lyle girl out to the Bar C 88 spread alone for? Yuh oughta know better than that."  The judge laughed. "Link, you're an alarmist. I'm quite sure she'll get along very well."  "I differ," snapped Link. "She's haid- in' for trouble, shore as yo're a foot high. Yuh oughta've warned her off."  "Bosh! You're like a small boy--see- ing goblins behind every tree. I know you don't like Deuce Coburn, but that doesn't alter the fact that he is a good man in his place--a mighty good man. He's run that ranch right up to snuff, since Bert Mannering's death. I've been keeping a very close check on things and I can't find a single mistake. His tallies are full and complete and show- ing a nice increase. Yes, Deuce is do- ing a good job."  "Mebbe," growled Link. "I wasn't referrin' to the business side of things, though. My kick is that no girl, 'spe- cially a young an' pretty one like Miss Carlyle, should be allowed out at that ranch alone. Good Lord! That Bar C 88 crew is the hardest collection of nuts I ever saw on a ranch. They ain't got no respect for Gawd or man. An' Deuce Coburn ain't any better than the rest of em.  "On the contrary," observed the judge imperturbably, "I consider Deuce a very reliable foreman. Granted that some of his riders are wild. But Deuce is quite capable of keeping them in their place. No, Link, you're whistling in the dark."  Link shrugged and turned to the door. "Have it yore own way, Judge. Mark my words, though, there'll come a time when yuh shore will go to an expert to have yore haid felt."  Link slammed the door savagely and stood for a moment, glowering down the street. He saw Loma Carlyle leave the store with several small packages in her arms. These she stowed away in her saddle bags, mounted and rode out of town. When the fringe of tim- ber had swallowed her up, Link prowled