A SONG ON THE TRAIL 75    to kill his father as soon as he was free.  Always he repeated in that soft, gentle voice of his, the threat he had made the day in the courtroom.  At last, despairing, beaten, old Frenchy had made his way West, hid- ing himself, year in and year out, in his little log cabin high in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, until now after ten years he was known as the queer old man of the mountains.  Yes, Connie thought she understood Frenchy Arnot. Small wonder he chased strangers away from his door with a gun! Instead of fearing him, she pitied him from the depths of her warm, generous heart. It was a ter- rible thing, she thought, to see a man loving, yet at the same time living in deadly fear of, an only son.  Another half mile down the canyon Connie drew rein and sat for a min- ute looking at the golden beauty of straight, trunked aspens, contrasted with white snow and an unbelievably blue sky. She loved this wild, moun- tain country of hers, loved every tree and every curve in the winding old cow and sheep trails, loved the tiny cabin nestling at the foot of the rugged Truchas Peaks.  Connie, at sixteen, fresh from boarding school in the East, had for the first time followed her father across the mountains with the ponies. She had slipped quickly and easily into a new life in the West. She was nineteen now, a tiny, perfect rosebud of a girl, barely tipping the scales at ninety-five pounds. With her sky-blue eyes, hair like autumn aspen leaves, and long, curling lashes, she looked like an old-fashioned Dresden china doll come to life.  Too much so for her own peace of mind! Kind-hearted, matronly ladies always insisted on mothering her; gave her overshoes; pestered her about wearing ear muffs and wool stockings.  Their concern was well intentioned, but it was just so much poison in Connie's cup of happiness. Cool, com-     petent, self-sufficient little Connie hated looking like some fragile, deli- cate toy. She might have told them things that would have made their eyes open, but a girl couldn't go around boasting of things she had done, and besides, they probably wouldn't have believed her.  For instance, there was that spring she had found Frenchy pinned under- neath the top half of a fallen spruce tree. She had, single-handed, managed to rig up a sort of block and tackle and lift the tree top enough to get the old man out. Then, too, there was the time she had found a grizzly milling around the horses, and her with only one shell in the rifle she was carry- ing. She hadn't hesitated. Her aim was good and her bullet went crashing through his brain.  Of course there was a particular reason why Connie didn't want to be just another big-eyed blonde with "it." That reason was young Buck Mindon, who was Sheriff Mindon now. Tall, straight as an Indian, face tanned nut-brown from years of rid- ing the range, he had set Connie's heart to thumping the first time she saw him. She had had reason, during those first few months, to believe that he might feel the same way about her. But their acquaintance had ripened no further than an ordinary friendship. In her presence Buck Mindon seemed suddenly to become reserved.  Yet stubborn feminine instinct told Connie that he did or at least he could, care for her. There had been an unguarded moment at a dance last summer when she had looked up un- expectedly into his face, as she swirled by in another man's arms, her high heels clipping a gay tattoo on the rough, pine floor. Their eyes had met and clung for an instant; then they had lost each other again in the shuttling of the dance.  Connie was no fool. She thought she knew why Buck Mindon seemed to avoid her, and she was determined somehow to set things right again.