HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 35   Loma got out pencil and paper and began making a list of the necessary purchases. Finished with plans for the interior, she turned her attention to the out-of-doors and visualized some beds of flowers.  These satisfactorily outlined, she called on Deuce Coburn and told him of her wishes. In turn, Coburn set his men to work with pick and shovel and superintended matters himself in throwing up a small dam on the creek above the house, then ditching water for irrigation down to where the flow- ers would be.  On the morning of the second day after Loma's meeting with Link, a rider came cantering up to the place, bearing a message from Judge Reynolds that all the necessary legal papers were drawn up and in readiness for her signature. So Loma decided to go to town imme- diately.  Mrs. Downs concluded to end her visit for the time, convinced that Loma had nothing to fear, for Coburn and his men were treating her with the utmost respect. So the two women rode away together.  Loma's business with the judge was soon concluded. "It is all yours now, Miss Carlyle," said the judge, handing the papers over to her. "And here is your uncle's bank book. It shows a balance of around thirty thousand dol- lars in the bank at Healy. I've taken all the necessary steps with Jacobs, the bank president, and you may draw on that balance at any time now."  Loma was amazed and breathless at this news. "Why--why, that's a for- tune," she stammered. "I had no idea--"  Reynolds laughed. "You rate as a pretty wealthy individual, my dear," he beamed. "What with your ranch and that bank balance, you are more or less fixed for life."  There was nothing in stock at the store that satisfied Loma's taste in win- dow curtains or furniture, so she sent through an order for what she needed, as well as a wide miscellany of flower seeds, bulbs, roots and rose cuttings.     She stopped in at the Downs' cabin, and had dinner with Molly and her hus- band, Jim--a kindly, powerful man with the great, corded forearms of his black- smith trade. After exacting a promise from Mrs. Downs to come and visit her again shortly, Loma galloped out of town.  A great happiness surged through the girl as she rode homeward. Her inheri- tance was vastly greater than she had surmised, and she blessed the old ranch- man who had willed his estate to the orphaned daughter of a younger sister. She regretted that she had not known Bert Mannering better. In addition to all this, Loma knew a subtle thrill at the realization that she would shortly be seeing Link Sanderson again.  She was too inherently honest to try and bluff herself concerning the strange feeling she had towards Link. Her past life had been a very stern and busy one, with the first consideration always be- fore her of digging a living out of the world for herself. Her mother had died when Loma was very young and her father, a mining engineer, had been killed in a cave-in when she was fifteen, leaving her with practically nothing.  Loma had worked hard, fitting her- self to earn her own living, and had had no time for romance. She had met her share of men, men who had offered their attentions, but none of them had moved her in any way.  With Link it was different. From the first he had intrigued, stirred her. He was at once a clean-cut, stalwart gentle- man, yet so starkly a rugged, fearless man. Loma's eyes brightened and her cheeks flushed slightly at mere thought of him.  On the point from which both of the valleys were visible, Loma reined in, looking down across the Sanderson range. Immediately she picked out a rider down there, working slowly through the scattered, grazing cattle. She had a pair of field-glasses with her, which she had found in the house, that had evidently belonged to her uncle. By the aid of these she quickly identified