68 RANCH ROMANCES   So he went and hauled out his guitar and sang and played for us. But he didn't put his heart into it. His thoughts was all wanderin' over Pardo way, and instead of givin' us merry, upliftin' dit- ties, he drummed and droned out mel- ancholy strains, such as In the Gloamin' and Nellie Was a Lady and:  "You made me wot I am today, I hope yo're satisfied. . . ."  Now I was plumb eager to boost along this buddin' romance, 'cause the one thing in life I admire equal with buckarooin' is bein' top-hand and round- up boss for Dan Cupid. So I made up my mind to sort of scout ahead and pave the way for this pair. There was a rambunctious steer on the spread, plumb ornery and worthless 'cept for rodeo- showin' purposes, which was the only reason why old man Arrondale kept him around. He was kept in a pasture lot close by the corrals, and every now and again he'd ram through the fence and go rangin'. So I ambled over to the pasture lot that night before retirin', busted the fence, chased the critter out and run him a ways in the direction of Pardo.  Next mornin' I says to old man Ar- rondale, "Old Pandemonium's broke loose again. I don't aim to take none of the hands off their chores to round him up, though. I'll go git him myself."  The old man growled some, but didn't put up no argument. I forked my bronc and started off. Jerry come foggin' after me.  "Where you headin'?" says he, lookin' terrible woebegone.  "I'm workin' on a scheme," says I. "I'm gonna fix things so's you kin call on your lady friend tomorrow. Now-- say! D'you s'pose you could mebbe start learnin' me a thing or two about guitar-twangin' this evenin'?"  "Oh, shore!" he boomed. "I'd plumb forgot. I'll learn you to play the G chord tonight. Gosh! I kin see her to- morrow, huh?"  "Yep--shore as shootin'!" says I, dustin' away. I was all excited myself,     thinkin' 'bout learnin' to play that there G chord. I headed northwest to'rds Pardo and hunted all over for that dang- rammed steer, but didn't see hide nor hair of him I got to the schoolhouse 'bout noon. When the kids come out to play and eat their lunches under the big pine tree, I went up and banged on the door. The little teacher seemed right glad to see me.  "You ain't seen nothin' of a ornery- lookin' steer rangin' round these parts, have you?" says I.  "No, I haven't," she says, smilin' sweet.  "I didn't s'pose you had," says I, "but I thought I'd stop in and ask if you'd had any more reptile trouble."  "No, we haven't seen any more snakes," says she, laughin' merry. "Come in, Mr. Carberry. I'm just eat- ing my lunch. Won't you share this piece of cake with me?"  "I'd admire to set and chat with you a few minutes," says I, goin' inside, "but I couldn't take your cake, thanks. Now, if it was Jerry, 'stead of me, he couldn't resist your temptin' offer. He's terrible fond of sweets!"  Miss Woodstock's cheeks turned a shade pinker, and that pleadin', lingerin' glow come into her eyes when I men- tioned Jerry's name.  "How's the school work comin' along?" says I. Whilst I was talkin' I slipped my gauntlets off and hung 'em on one of the rungs of the chair I was settin' on.  "Most of the children are doing very well, Mr. Carberry," says she. "They're nice youngsters, so we re getting along just fine. We've been extra busy this week, preparing an entertainment pro- gram for next Friday afternoon. It's a very thrilling experience for the children."  "I'm bettin' it would be thrillin' to see them young'uns perform," says I.  "I'm afraid they aren't going to have an audience," says Miss Woodstock. "Their parents are too busy to take an interest in such things."  Them words give me a sudden, bright