THE VALLEY OF DISPUTE 95   None of the regular deputies had wanted this job. He remembered that they had all protested that they weren't surveyors. The sheriff had seized upon Jerry and had eagerly appointed him to carry out the court's order. He grinned to himself; the sheriff had known what he was send- ing him into, and he hadn't given him so much as a hint of Dawson's caliber. But he was glad he had come.  The doctor from Cabazon arrived, interrupting the friendly conversation Jerry and Anne were having. And with the doctor came a young man who was introduced as Stanley Vail. Jerry took an immediate dislike to him, for no other reason than the cordiality with which Anne welcomed him. Stan Vail was a laughing, happy, curly-haired cowboy. He had a way with him, as he caught Anne's hands and held them, looking down at her affectionately.  "I heard your dad had been shot," he said, "so I rode right out with the doctor."  "Thanks, Stan."  "How is he, honey?"  Anne didn't try to take her hands out of his, and she didn't object to the word of endearment. Jerry Stone, busying himself with the rolling of a cigarette, felt the blood rise in his cheeks. He rebuked himself sternly and caustically. Just because Anne had been pleasant and friendly to him, a stranger, didn't mean that he had any right to object to her friendliness toward others. No doubt she loved this big, good-looking Stan Vail. Was that any business of his, Jerry Stone's? It wasn't, but for all that, he felt a vague resentment.  When Anne had followed the doctor into her father's room, Vail sat down before the fire and spread his hands to the blaze.  "So you're goin' to survey Clear Creek Valley?" he asked.  Jerry had dealt with men of all types in his wanderings. He had learned to weigh not only their words,     but their manner of speech, and so he caught an overtone of mockery, of derision, in Stan Vail's question.  "That's what I was sent here for," he answered obliquely, "an' it looked easy enough. They didn't tell me about Dawson."  That was a bid for Vail to express his opinion. He merely laughed.  "Didn't they tell you what Dawson did to another surveyor that came here?" asked Vail, after a moment.  Jerry shook his head and Vail laughed again.  Jerry wondered why Vail, friendly to the Custers, probably in love with Anne, had not allied himself with them in their fight with Dawson. He himself had already taken their side, had decided that they were in the right. Otherwise, Dawson wouldn't have attacked them, fifteen men against a man and a girl.  "Dawson's a big man over this way," Vail volunteered. "The county seat an' the sheriff are too far away to bother him. He does what he likes."  "Yeah? But in this boundary dis- pute, how come he's been allowed to do what he likes? One of his men shot Jim Custer today. How come the men of this section stand for that?"  Vail shrugged. "Nobody big enough to buck him," he said with an apprais- ing glance at Jerry. "The S Bar O-- that's where I work--has kept him off our range so far. But the boss ain't lookin' for trouble."  "So you jest let him shoot up any- body he don't like?" asked Jerry mildly. "You let him try to kill Jim Custer an' mebbe injure Miss Anne?"  "Me?" demanded Vail angrily. "I--" Then he smiled again. "I reckon you won't do anything, once Dawson gets to you."  "Mebbe," Jerry granted.  When Anne and the doctor came out of Custer's room, reporting that he was resting easily and not badly hurt, Jerry got up and said good night. He went to the room Anne had shown him earlier, and lay awake for