86 RANCH ROMANCES    shone upon the damp vaulting of the roof above. There was from that gen- eral direction, too, the sound of the plashing flow of water. She must be in a hide-out in Buffalo Run.  Gritting her teeth against the pain it caused her, Sally writhed her body round till she could look in the direc- tion of the outer cave, where there was the grumble of men's voices.  Four figures, faces masked to the eyes, sat around a lantern. They were intently playing black-jack, their pris- oner saw, and it was no penny-ante game either. They were handling con- siderable sums of money, bank notes as well as small stacks of silver half dollars and quarters.  "Hit me!" came the low-voiced re- iteration; Or else, "And again!" . . . "Enough!" . . . "Stand on this!" some- one said.  "I'll pay eighteen." That would be the dealer.  "Sink that damned mutilated eight spot," another man snarled. "I'll be damned if I'll play with marked cards. Wonder he'd have to cut up the only deck o' cards we got! Jest like a sneakin'--"  "Shut yore damn fool face," was the sharp interruption, "else it'll be slapped shut for yuh!" That was the dealer. A quick glance over his shoulder had glimpsed the reflection of the lamplight in the supposedly uncon- scious captive's eyeballs. "So yo're awake, sister!"  The dealer laid down his deck of cards, rose and came over to where Sally crouched. He was a big, bulky man, his eyes startlingly pale through the slits in his mask. "Treated yuh sort o' rough, hey? Too bad, but we had to, kid. Yuh was getting a mite too close to home. No hard feel- in's; we're just rough, big-hearted fellers."  "What--what happened to Jack Williams?" That was her immediate concern. "The man I was riding with."  "What's he to yuh--lover?"  "I love him. Yes."     "So ..." mused the big man. "Well, now, if I tell yuh--"  There was a sharp interruption. "Aw, can the chatter an' tell her to come across with the combination to open the strong box." A stoop-shoul- dered man, with long arms which dan- gled ape-like, had risen and was hold- ing the lamp high so that there was more light in the inner cave. He, like the others, was masked with black calico; not a makeshift scarf wound to the eyes, but a stitched, hand-made af- fair. To the girl's quick intelligence this was proof that these were not in- deed mere casual criminals, but thieves of careful intent.  "Check. That's right," said the first man. "We got yuh here, sister. We aim to keep yuh awhile. Say until yuh tell the combination to that locked box in yore safe."  The locket against her flesh seemed suddenly hot. If they should guess what was in that! But she managed to control her voice to answer flatly, "I don't know."  "She's lyin' O' course she savvies," broke in a third member of the gang, masked uniformly with the others. "She led her ole man around by the nose, tough old wampus though he was. He'd sure have told her."  "We got ways of makin' yuh talk, sweetness," murmured the leader malevolently. "We wouldn't like to hurt a nice girl, but--"  Frightened as she was, Sally used her brain. It suddenly occurred to her that here was a way to find out the truth about Jack Williams. "I tell you I don't know." So much was the truth, for she had not memorized the num- bers, for all that they were there plain to read, in the locket against her skin. But now the chance, by a misleading statement, to learn of her lover prompted her to say, "Jack Williams had the slip, with the numbers on it, in his shirt pocket."  The long-armed rogue exploded, "An' we let him get away, Cathcart!"  Too late a savage elbow jolted him