OUR AIR MAIL 157    TUCKED AWAY IN TEXAS   Dear Editor: I am a constant reader of R. R. and my personal opin- ion is that it can't be beat.  I am just an eighteen-year-old girl from away out in Texas, yearning for pen pals, and oodles of them. I prom- ise to answer all letters received and will send a snap to the first ten.  So come, every one--young and old--send a line to HAZEL PHILLIPS.  Kirkland, Tex.  STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND  Dear Editor: Have been a reader of Ranch Romances for some time and wish to say I like most of the stories. I think "Horse Thief Canyon" was one of the best, and the characters in the story seemed so genuine. Have lived in the West and know the whole story could have been possible. That brings me to my plea for Air Mail friends.  I am a stranger in a strange land and know no one except the people with whom I work. So I'm wondering if some middle-aged people in the business world won't take pity on me and help to make my stay in Washington a happy one. I am a rancher's widow, tall, slender with gray eyes, dark hair--not bad-looking, but so lonely.  Will answer all letters and hope I see this in print. Expectantly, MARGARET OSNEW.  Gen. Del., Washington, D. C.  INDIANA MISS  Dear Editor: I have been reading Ranch Romances for three years. I enjoy the interesting stories in it. and now I wish to join your Air Mail club. I am thirty years of age, short, have gray eyes and red hair, and a fair complexion. Come one, come all, and write to little Milly. Sincerely, MILLY JONES.  500 North Ninth St., Terre Haute, Ind.  HERE'S A REAL PAL  Dear Editor: I wish to enter my plea for pen pals and also want to tell you how much I appreciate the R. R. I have written to several pals, but thus far have found only one. Through her I found another and during my five weeks in the hospital last summer, they were life savers. I've been the "chief cook and bottle washer" at home for the last six years. Have light brown hair, blue eyes, and am no vest pocket size as my height is five feet four inches and my weight a hundred and twenty-six pounds. I'm twenty years of age.  I love to dance, swim, and enjoy all sports in general. My hobby is collecting snapshots and songs. Come to me with your joys and sorrows, and I'm sure you will find a real pal. You will always find me at this address, my permanent one.  Long live R. R.! Sincerely, IRENE WETTBERG.  Box 25, Lake Mine, Mich.  OREGON BOOSTER  Dear Editor: I have been reading Ranch Romances for two years. I think it is one of the best magazines that is published.  Will you please print this in Our Air Mail? I would like to get some pen pals. I promise to answer every letter. I am a brunette, twenty-two years old.  Best of luck to the Double R. Yours sincerely, BEATRICE McLEAN.  2311 N. W. 23rd Ave., Portland, Ore.  'WAY DOWN EAST  Dear Editor: Three cheers for R. R.! I think it is one of the best magazines out. I should like very much to have come pen pals. Anyone from anywhere is welcome, and I will answer all letters and exchange snaps.  I am twenty years old, have brown hair and blue eyes. Like all kinds of sports and music. Everybody, write! Sincerelv, BERTHA MARTIN.  16 Ralph St., Bangor, Me.     WRITE TO HELEN  Dear Editor: I should like to express how much I appreciate the fine stories in Ranch Romances. All I can say is, "They're keen."  I am a girl nineteen years of age, blonde with blue eyes, and only four feet eleven inches short. I am slightly deformed and get awfully lonesome, so won't all you boys and girls please write to me? I'll answer all letters and tell many interesting things. All who are interested, please drop me a line.  Loads of luck to the Double R. Sincerely, HELEN MEYERS.  2440 N. Harding Ave., Chicago, Ill.  KEEP THE SOLDIER CHEERFUL  Dear Editor: I have been reading R. R. for the past two years, and I find the stories very interesting. Keep it up, you will go far.  Please insert this plea for pen pals. I am a lonesome soldier stationed in the Philippine Islands. Am an athlete and I also specialize in dancing. I am twenty years of age, have blue eyes and blond hair, and am fairly good-looking. Come on, everybody, keep the soldier cheerful. I will exchange photos with anyone.  Best of luck to a capital magazine. Sincerely, "WHITEY."  Private Francis S. Maslowski, Batt. G. 59th Coast Artillery, Fort Hughes, Philippine Islands.  HE HAS CHASED BANDITS  Dear Editor: I am a constant reader of your wonderful magazine, R. R., and hope you will print this letter. Am a lonely marine aviator and have spent the last eighteen months bandit-chasing in Nicaragua.  Would like to have many pen pals all over the U. S. I am five feet eleven inches tall, and have light brown hair and blue eyes. Will promise to answer all letters. Sincerely yours, CLARENCE F. SWANSON.  Aircraft Sqdrns., A. S. C. I. M. Quantico, Va.  SAILOR BOY  Dear Editor: I am going to send you a description of myself, which I hope you will find room for in your pen pal section. I am twenty-one years old, have light hair and blue eyes. I am a lonely sailor on the Asiatic Station. Will tell you all about China.  Please write and I will answer all letters. LOUIS HADA.   U. S. S. Edsall, c/o Postmaster, Asiatic Station, Seattle, Wash.  R. R. IS THE FAVORITE  Dear Editor: I hare been reading your magazine for many years. I became a constant reader of Ranch Romances in Lon- don, England, and have been able to get a copy almost every place I've been, and I have traveled nearly half around the world. Since I have been in the service, I have found that your magazine is the most favored among the fellows. This is my first attempt to make friends through Our Air Mail, and I hope you will be so kind as to publish this plea.  I hail from Germany. On my travels I have passed through Poland, Denmark, Holland, England and Panama. America is my second home and certainly one to be proud, of. For the past year I have been here in Hawaii and become quite lonesome at times. I would like to make friends all over the world and would appreciate it very much if anyone would write a lonesome soldier. I promise to answer all letters and tell you about my travels, and exchange snapshots if you wish. So come on, you ink slingers, and don't let me wait too long.  I am five feet eight inches, have brown hair, brown eyes and a tropical tan complexion. I would like to hear from either sex between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five. HERBERT C. PFIEFFER.  Hq. Det. 1st Bn. 64th C. A., Fort Shafter, Honolulu, Hawaii.