70 RANCH ROMANCES    Elko and buy me the best durned guitar I kin find!"  So we went to the bunkhouse and he got out his insterment and showed me how to hold it. Then he told me the names of the strings and showed me how to press the two outside strings down on the third fret with my left hand and pluck with my right.  "That there's the first position of the G chord," he said. "You practise on it awhile. Pluck gentle--don't pull the strings out by the roots!"  'Twasn't near as easy to do as it looked, but it shore was fun! It got me so excited I was all lathered up with perspiration. I yanked my handkerchief out of my hip pocket to mop my brow. Somethin' else popped out and fell onto the floor. Like a flash I remembered about the letter that dude stranger gave me to mail--and I'd forgot to do same. I picked it up, looked at it--and almost fell off my bunk when I seen the name on the envelope! It was addressed to Miss Woodstock!  "What in thunder does it mean?" asked Jerry, when I told him how I come by it.  "It means you've gotta deliver this letter to the little lady when you see her tomorrow," says I. "In regards to the sneaky party which give it to me, I'm bettin' hosses to hotcakes she ain't nowise to blame for havin' to git it! But it ain't none of our business--and it ain't nothin' for you to git all wrought up over, neither." I picked up the guitar and started practisin' that first position of the G chord again.  That was just as far as I ever got, learnin' to play the guitar! Jerry just set gloomin' over that danged letter, too upset to pay any more attention to me that night. And things that transpired from then on kept him from ever givin' me any more lessons.  Next mornin' Jerry went over to the Pardo schoolhouse. I told his dad I'd sent him out lookin' for old Pandemo- nium, which I wasn't lyin' outright, 'cause I'd asked the boy to keep his eye peeled for the steer. When he got back,     'long about mid-afternoon, I jumped my hoss and we rode away from the other hands so's he could say what he craved to tell me.  "Gosh a'mighty, Pete," he yelped, "that ornery hombre is pesterin' Miss Woodstock some way! She was terri- ble upset when she read that there let- ter. She got pale as a ghost, and she was tremblin' when she finished readin' it. So I told her if she was needin' any help, she could count on me to stand by her through thick and thin!"  "What did she say to that?" says I.  "She said I was sweet," he muttered, colorin' up, "and she patted my hand. And she's gonna pull off that there pro- gram tomorrow afternoon,'stead of Fri- day. I'm bettin' it was on account of the danged letter that she changed the date, 'cause she said she feared Friday was gonna be an unlucky day for her."  "That bein' the case," says I, "me and you'll hafta scout around the Pardo schoolhouse on Friday, 'cause if that tough dude I seen down to Elko is on the little lady's trail, she'll be needin' help. D'you know where she lives?"  "Yeah--at the Rudolph ranch, a mile west of Pardo."  "Did you see anything of my gaunt- lets?"  "Yeah, I brung 'em to you!" He handed 'em over. Which I'd left 'em at the school on purpose, just to give him an excuse for stoppin' by sometime, when he couldn't think of no good rea- son for doin' same.  AT one-thirty o'clock Thursday afternoon, the lad and me was set- tin' side by side on the platform in the Pardo schoolhouse, all ready for the show. Jerry looked terrible solemn with his arms folded acrost his chest and his face flamin' red. Miss Woodstock was dressed up pretty, and she shore was a picture, standin' at her desk whilst the little folks filed in and took their places. But she was pale and nervous and showed plain enough that she was al- mighty worried 'bout somethin'. She rapped on her desk and said: