Our air OUR AIR MAIL is running daily between the editorial office of RANCH ROMANCES and its readers throughout the world. RANCH ROMANCES is not published for anyone but the read- er, and we want you to look upon this magazine as something distinctly your own. Write and tell us exactly the kind of story that you think ought to go into it. And we want to help make friends for our readers. We want to help you to know friends who are thousands of miles away, or within a stone's throw of your own town. OUR AIR MAIL will be glad to forward and exchange letters. The Editor reserves the right to read and turn over to the Postal Au- thorities, if necessary, anything that is not in keeping with the clean, outdoor spirit of RANCH ROMANCES. Be sure to enclose postage for letters sent by OUR AIR MAIL. Moreover, this department is intended only for readers who actually wish correspondents. Henceforth, each letter must bear the written signature of the writer, and anyone fraudulently signing someone else's name will be investigated.    ALWAYS A BOOSTER  Dear Editor: I enjoy reading R. R. very much and it's not the only magazine I read either. I have answered many pleas for pen pals but never received a reply, so am asking for pals myself.  I promise not to disappoint anyone who writes to me. I am a blue-eyed, brown-haired girl, sixteen years of age. Hoping for lots of pen pals, I am  VELMA HARRIS. R. D. 1, Deposit, N. Y.  ANOTHER SALT WANTS PALS  Dear Editor: Have been a reader of your magazine for quite some time, and after reading Our Air Mail column, wonder if it would be possible for another salt to crash it. Have been in most parts of the world and am anxious to hear from members of the fair sex who are desirous of hearing a few seafaring tales.  I am old enough to know better, fond of all sorts of sports and hope to prove an interesting pen pal to all answering my plea. The arrival of the mail steamer in this part of the world is a much looked forward to event by all hands. Sincerely, J. THOMPSON.  Submarine Division Ten, Asiatic Station, c/o P. M., Seattle, Wash.     BARBARA IS LONELY  Dear Editor: I read Ranch Romances and think it's a wonderful magazine. I live on a farm, and oh, how I long for some pen pals! I promise to be a real friend to those who write. My greatest wish is to travel--visit a ranch or a large city, though I prefer a ranch, of course.  Now won't everybody between the ages of sixteen and twenty-five write to me? I hope the cowboys do, too. As for a description. I am quite small, very slim, have dark hair and dark hazel eyes. I enjoy dancing, music, reading, drawing, singing and 'most everything else.  Here's hoping I'll find the mail box full of letters. Best wishes to Ranch Romances. Yours truly, BARBARA HALLA.  Cayuga, N. Dak.  GOOD WISHES FROM EFFIE  Dear Editor: Please print this as I am in need of some pen pals. I would like boys and girls from all parts of the world to write to me. As I never see any pleas from the Ba- hamas I'm sending mine.  I'm seventeen years of age, have brown hair and eyes. Here's wishing Ranch Romances continued success. Yours truly, EFFIE MALONE.  P. 0. Box 604, Nassau, N. P., Bahamas, B. W. I.   154