104 RANCH ROMANCES   Charlie Thomas, agent for an un- scrupulous Eastern packer, came to establish connections and buy cheap beef from the local rustlers. Loud, flashily dressed, a show-off, he was quickly attracted to Grace and sought her company constantly.  The Rosarios, notorious bandits from old Mexico, passed through Sterling. They were two brothers, Jose and Miguel, swarthy and sinister, their shoe-button eyes darting everywhere. Walden approached them with an offer to join his gang but they refused. "No, señor," said Jose. "We play what you call--lone hand!" They loaded two pack horses with supplies and rode out of town again.  There was also Whisperin', a ragged vagrant who drifted into town one morning and attached himself to the Diamond Saloon. He was young, his regular, even-featured, thin-lipped face with its faint scar lines seemed strong, but Sterling soon found he was no good. He spoke only in a husky whis- per; his weak eyes were covered by tinted glasses, and he seemed a coward. He did not carry a gun, and at the challenges and insults of toughs he simply shook his head and walked away.  He became general roustabout at the Diamond Saloon, ran errands, cleaned up, took an occasional shift at tending bar. The patrons scornfully ignored him. Men drank and quarreled and gambled, outlaws held whispered con- ferences over future crimes. Mean- while, silent as ever, Whisperin' would come to their very elbows, wielding his broom, and they would continue as though he were not there. He was harmless, despised.  One evening the cattle buyer came to the Diamond Saloon and bought the house for the night, treating all who came to unlimited free drinks to gain good will for his company. Un- restrained drunkenness followed. Oc- casionally someone shot at Whisper- in's feet to make him jump. A dozen quarrels broke out.     Crease Walden and Scar Norwalk were in one corner shouting at each other. "There's plenty of room for both of us workin' this territory," roared the White Mountain rustler. "Either you cut me in or I'll force my way in, Walden!"  Walden cursed the other savagely. A Walden tough named Stark stepped in and struck Norwalk in the mouth. Capper interfered and restored peace.  A group of gunmen boasted of their killings. Joining them, Stark drew his gun and pointed out the four notches on the butt.  Someone said, "'Bout time yo're addin' that fifth, Stark--the one for old Cran--"  "Shut up, yuh fool!" snarled Stark. The other laughed drunkenly. "Aw, be yoreself. Yo're among friends, ain't yuh? We all know yuh had a hand in that, and there's nothin' to worry about, now the cub's gone."  The crowd broke up late.  THE next morning an early riser noticed a paper pinned to the sheriff's bulletin board, that had not been there the night before. It was printed in pencil and read:  WARNING  To Joe Stark Bill Loring Monk Ferrel Capper Munn Sid Lucas Crease Walden  The murder of my father will be avenged. JIM CRANFORD  Stark's name had been crossed out. Soon a group gathered about the bulletin board, talking excitedly. Some- one roused the sheriff. Lucas came out, sleepy and sullen from a hang- over.  "What's up?"  "Look--that note!"  Lucas read and laughed. He tore down the paper. "Bunk! Some fool practical joker! Cranford's dead!"