158 RANCH ROMANCES    AN OUTDOOR LOVER  Dear Editor: I enjoy your magazine so much because it breathes of the great open spaces of which I am so fond. But as I am forced to live in a crowded city at the present time, I get very lonely. It is very hard to make friends, therefore would you be kind enough to publish my letter?  I would like pen pals from all over, and will try to make my letters interesting. I have camped and toured in Canada from coast to coast. I am a widow in my late thirties, but enjoy outdoor life, also music and the theater.  Thanking you, I remain Yours truly, Mrs. MARY PRIDHAM.  102 Queen St. W., Toronto, Canada.  EXPERT RIFLE SHOT  Dear Editor: I have been a reader and admirer of Ranch Romances for many years. Your stories are so excellent that I cannot lay down the magazine until I have finished the last story. I am very eager to obtain many pen pals and will trade letters and snapshots with anyone who will write me.  At present I am a midshipman at the U. S. Naval Academy. I have been in the navy about four years, previously serving as an aviation mechanic. Have traveled a great deal; been abroad twice and to the West Indies.  I am twenty-two years of age, tall and blond. I can read, speak and write Swedish and Spanish. I am fond of all sports and am an expert rifle shot.  Here's wishing the Double R continued success. Very truly yours, KARL E. IOHANSSON.  Mid'n Karl E. Johansson, U. S. N., 3254 Bancroft Hall, Annapolis, Md.  FROM NEW ENGLAND  Dear Editor: I have been reading your magazine for two years, and not only myself but the whole family enjoy it. Now I am looking for pen pals--near and far. All answers will find a welcome sign on my mail box, especially those from foreign countries.  I am twenty-three years old, and a high school gradu- ate As I spent a year in a college near Richmond, Virginia, I can tell some about the old and new South.  May my success in receiving pen pals be as great as yours in producing a wonderful magazine. Sincerely, CATHERINE A. SMITH.  Lancaster, N.H.  "FLO" IS ATHLETIC  Dear Editor: I wonder if you could find a small space for an Eng- lish girl to appeal for pen pals. I have replied to numerous requests printed in Ranch Romances, but up to date I have not had any replies.  I expect it is because the magazines from which I have taken them have been back numbers. I am afraid we experience great difficulty over here to procure recent editions. I have therefore arrived at the conclusion that it is pehaps much better to make a personal appeal, so here goes.  As it seems customary to give a description of one- self and one's favorite pastime, here are mine. I am nineteen years of age, have blue eyes, brown wavy hair, and a fair complexion. I expect I could pass as good- looking on a dark night. I am very fond of dancing and I play tennis every day during the season. I am a pretty strong swimmer and I also go camping and hiking.  If any pals from Australia and the United States feel inclined to write, I should be most pleased to let them have an interesting reply.  Here's wishing Ranch Romances heaps of success in the future, and hoping that you will be able to find a small space for me somewhere, I am Yours sincerely, FLORENCE CRAWFORD.  13 Murray St., Higher Broughton, Salford, Lancashire, England.  P. S.--If Charles Wellington and Thomas J. Powers see this and would like another pen pal, please write and tell me about Fort Shafter and the Islands.     CURE HER BLUES  Dear Editor: I've been reading your magazine for a short time and am not merely impressed by your Air Mail section, but the magazine as a whole.  Because I am lonely, and at times blue, I would like to have some pen pals as a cure for the blues. I long to go out West, and I hope I shall some day.  My hobby is stamp collecting and reading. I find both very absorbing and educational. I am seventeen years old, and a brunette with green eyes.  I would like to hear from Western folk of both sexes. I'll answer every letter I get. So come one, come all, and fill my mail box to overflowing.  Eagerly waiting for letters, I am "DEE" DIDOW.  85 Brennan St., East Haven, Conn.  WATCH OUT FOR "JACK"  Dear Editor: I am a young man of twenty-six, five feet ten inches tall, weighing a hundred and thirty-five pounds. I have light brown hair, gray eyes and light complexion. I play a violin and a ukulele, and like to read and travel.  At present I'm planning an auto trip to Portland, Oregon, and if the Trail's Enders who live on U. S. 40 to Colorado Springs, U. S. 85 to Las Vegas, New Mexico, U. S. 66 to Los Angeles, U. S. 99 to Portland, Oregon, will write to me, I will call on them. Would also like to hear from those living west of the Cascade Mountain Range in Oregon and Washington.  Should my plans go astray, I will answer every dog- goned letter anyway. So, folks, let's hear from all of you.  Ranch Romances is great; keep it going strong. Sincerely yours, "JACK."  E. Jackson Dix, Gen. Del., Shelburn, Ind.  NEW ZEALAND ON THE AIR  Dear Editor: I would like my name published in your magazine for pen friends, either sex, between the ages of nineteen and twenty-six. Have them enclose a photograph with the first letter, if possible. I am nineteen years of age.  Hoping to hear from them soon, and thanking you in anticipation, I remain EDNA DOYLE.  c/o Cook Hospital, North Island, Gisborne, New Zealand.  SHE KEEPS HER PROMISES  Dear Editor: Just another of Ranch Romances' many readers mak- ing a request for pen pals. I'd like to have just lots and lots of them, as I live in a small town and have almost nothing to do but write letters.  I've written heaps of letters to pen pals, but they haven't answered, so won't you please publish this? I'm twenty-two years old, a medium-blonde with blue eyes. I promise to answer every letter, and I never break promises.  All the luck in the world to R. R. Sincerely, HELEN ROSEBOOM.  718 Maplewood Ave., Circleville, Ohio.  WRITING LETTERS HER HOBBY  Dear Editor: I have been a reader of your magazine for several years and like it very much. I also enjoy Our Air Mail and hope very much to see this letter in print.  I live on a farm in good old Missouri, and sometimes I get a bit lonesime. Since writing letters is my favorite hobby, I should like to have pen pals from everywhere, especially from boys and girls between the ages of nine- teen and twenty-five.  I am nineteen years of age, five feet eight inches tall, have gray eyes and dark brown hair. I love all kinds of good sports, especially horseback riding and boating.  I'm waiting for lots of cheery letters that will fill my mail box. Sincerely, MAMIE WILSON.  R.R 5, Poplar Bluff, Mo.