20 RANCH ROMANCES    "This particular brand will interest Dad."  He went back to his horse, mounted and slacked up on the rope. The year- ling struggled to its feet, kicked off the loop and started to run. Instantly Link was after it, coiling his rope as he rode. He turned the animal and headed it down the valley towards home. His pony, seeming to understand what was wanted, stayed close on the two-year- old's heels, hazing it deftly along, thwarting every attempt the whiteface made to dodge off to the side.  Perhaps a mile had been covered in this fashion when, out of the timber to the east, a rider came loping; he was heading at such an angle as to cut off Link's progress. Link recognized the man instantly, but his only sign of it was to loosen his gun in the holster.  Some twenty yards distant, the new- comer reined in. He was a thin, spidery-looking individual, with hard, jet eyes in a swarthy face. Those eyes went over the two-year-old in a set stare, then fixed in unwinking intensity on Link.  "Where yuh haidin' with that two- year-old, Sanderson?" he demanded, his voice thin and reedy.  "I reckon yuh know, Glick." Link's answer was a cold drawl.  "I suggest yuh turn it loose again. Yuh might be accused of rustlin', an' in this country a rustler is open game for the fust man who can get lead into him."  Link's laugh was harsh. He was staring straight into those beady orbs now, his body smoothly tensed. "Those are the truest words yuh ever spoke, Glick," he retorted. "I know what yo're drivin' at. Spin 'em when yo're ready."  Spider Glick's reaction to these words were movements as smooth and fast as light. Both hands flicked down and up, and a twin report crashed across the silences.  It was a move that would have caught a more unwary man cold, with a sen- tence of certain death, for Spider Glick seldom missed at twenty yards. This     time, however, he did, for the simple rea- son that Link Sanderson's body was not where it had been a split-second before.  At the slight settling move in the saddle Glick had made before he went for his guns, Link had slithered far over in his saddle. He hung practically out of sight on the off side of his horse, holding his weight by knee hooked about the cantle and left hand locked to the horn. Glick's two slugs cut past where Link's waist had been, one of them low enough to slash the chap leg above his knee.  Glick's guns made sheening arcs as he flipped them back, caught the ham- mers with his hooked thumbs, then threw down again. As they came level, Link shot once from under his horse's neck. The slug cut Glick's mount, just deep enough across the withers to cause the brute to drop to its knees, partially stunned.  Glick, caught unawares as his mount dropped so suddenly, was thrown for- ward on its neck. He fought wildly to regain his balance, snarling like a cor- nered wolf. He was too slow, how- ever, for Link pulled himself back into his saddle and drove an accurate slug into the viperish gunman's chest. Glick gasped and rolled to the ground beside his horse.  Link waited a moment to make sure, then dismounted and walked over. Glick was dead, and Link caught the rein of the horse just as it lurched to its feet again.  The hard, relentless, hawkish look was on Link's face again, as he stared down at the dead man. "Lucky for me --unlucky for you, Glick," he mur- mured. "But yuh didn't have me fooled. Yuh were out for my scalp, whether I'd been bluffed out or not. If yuh'd had yore Winchester with yuh, yuh'd plugged me from the timber. I got no false idees about yuh, Glick--an' no re- grets."  He reloaded his Colt, scanned the sur- rounding country to make sure no friend of Glick's was in the vicinity, then lifted the dead man into his own