HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 17    try that gradually leveled out until Loma glimpsed ahead a tremendous valley, shaped like a V.  One arm of the valley ran directly east. The other stretched out to the south, reaching down towards a great, vague gulf of mist and harsh colors which she judged was the Durango Des- ert. A central ridge, lanced with tim- ber, separated the two valleys, which narrowed as they reached their apex until only a cut gulch connected them.  At one point the view of the valleys was extremely clear, and here Loma reined in momentarily. All up and down the emerald expanse of the open ranges she could make out herds of grazing cattle, the red backs and white faces of which shone resplendent in the clear, crisp sunlight.  Far down the southern arm was a group of toy-like cubes, which Loma identified as buildings. But try as she would, she could not make out anything of the sort in the eastern terrain until she had ridden some two miles farther on. Then, of a sudden, she saw the headquarters of the Bar C 88.  The buildings of the Bar C 88 were numerous and all sizes. Beyond them was a maze of stake and rider corrals. All corrals save one were empty and in this some score of horses were racing and twisting, trying to escape the cun- ning ropes in the hands of two punch- ers. Outside that corral, a portable forge was being operated by a third man, while three others were working about a bronco that was thrown and hogtied.  The man at the forge was the first to see Loma and he called a warning to the others, who dropped their work im- mediately. It seemed that they were full of suspicion and distrust, for one of them openly stepped apart to pick up a Win- chester rifle, which he held in readiness in the hollow of his arm.  Somewhat perturbed at this reception, Loma rode slowly forward. One of the group spoke sharply to the others, then strode out to meet her. He was a big man, tall and thickly built, with enor-     mous shoulders. His skin was either swarthy or very heavily tanned, and his face harshly featured.  Loma was the first to speak, and as her soft, melodious tones struck his ear, the rider stiffened in amazement.  "How do you do?" she said. "I am Loma Carlye. This, I judge, is the Bar C 88 Ranch?"  The rider was so completely taken back he seemed momentarily bereft of speech. He stared at her. Then he re- covered and swept off his sombrero.  "This is the Bar C 88, right enough, miss. So yo're Miss Carlyle, eh? Shore, I'm glad to see yuh. I'm Deuce Coburn. If yuh've talked to Judge Reynolds, he probably mentioned my name."  His voice had a peculiar quality, heavy, slightly thick and with a touch of arrogance in it. But he was patently trying to be agreeable and Loma felt no resentment.  "Yes," she nodded. "The judge spoke of you--and very favorably. I see that you and the other riders are busy, so don't let me interrupt your work. Just show me the main house and I'll look around and get settled. Later, we'll talk matters over and become adjusted."  "That's the main house--the one yon- der, highest up the crick," said Coburn. "But first, give the boys a chance to meet yuh. Hi, gang, come over here an' say howdy to yore new boss, Miss Loma Carlyle."  As the riders approached, Loma re- membered that Link Sanderson had called them a bunch of human coyotes, so she surveyed them curiously.  She was a trifle disturbed at their ap- pearance. Coburn was by far the most prepossessing of the lot. To a man they were set of face, hard and wild-looking, with slouchy carriage and a baffling evasiveness of eye. All carried guns, two of them carrying two weapons apiece, the holsters of which were tied down with buckskin thongs. Their ages were problematical.  "Miss Carlyle, boys," introduced Co- burn, "our new boss. From now on her  2--Ranch Romances--First Sept.