136 RANCH ROMANCES    dark lashes with deliberate coquetry.  "I certainly feel that way about you!" Tom Runyon gave a flattered laugh, adding, "Say, what is it about you that keeps a fellow looking at you, and forgetting what he wants to say?"  Kay laughed. "Why say anything?" she asked demurely, "It's too lovely here in the twilight to be asking ques- tions. I know what I would like to have you tell me, though," she added, as an afterthought.  "What?" He was all eager attention. "Tell me something about your work as fire patrol. Have you done it before you came here?"  "Sure I have." He cleared his throat with a pleased air of superiority. "That's why the Protective Association sent for me to come up here and see if I couldn't get to the bottom of these mysterious fires. I've been handling a situation a whole lot like this in Wyoming, and be- lieve me, I ran that firebug to earth!"  "Tell me about it." Kay fixed him with her eyes full of a flattering inquiry.  "Well, it was this way." Tom Runyon settled back, and Kay was just breath- ing a sigh of relief at having success- fully side-tracked him from the subject of Ted Gaynor, when he leaned forward once more and broke in abruptly on his narrative.  "Before I get going on that, I want to clear up my mind about this Gay- nor guy." He looked keenly at Kay. "Did he tell you about the fight he had today?"  Kay looked at him with startled eyes. How could Tom Runyon possibly have found out about the fight on the mesa? "Fight?" she echoed in a faint tone.  "So he didn't tell you!" Tom ex- claimed. "I had a hunch he wouldn't!" Kay looked at him with startled eyes, amazement. What under the sun was he driving at? If Tom Runyon knew about the fight at all, he must know that she had been there and had seen the whole thing. But there was no pos- sible way for him to know. He had come to the ranch from the opposite direction, so he couldn't have come     across Scrap Johnson when the puncher came to, and have heard about it from him.  "I don't understand what you're talk- ing about," Kay said finally. "Are you sure he was in a fight?"  "Sure as shooting," Tom Runyon as- sured her. "The guy that came out to relieve me saw the whole thing."  "But he couldn't have!" Kay burst out, then hastily tried to cover up her break. "I mean, he must be mixing Ted up with someone else."  "Not on your life he wasn't," Tom declared positively. "He was right there in Kelly's joint when it happened."  "Kelly's joint!" Kay echoed in a re- lieved tone as a light suddenly burst on her. "Oh, that wasn't Ted! He was waiting for me outside the bank, and I remember now he did say some- thing about having seen a fracas of some kind down at Kelly's."  "Seen it!" Tom scoffed. "I'll say he saw it! He was the one who started it!"  "But--how--why--" Kay bit her lip and broke off short. The last thing she wanted to do was to discuss Ted, and she still felt sure that Tom Runyon was mistaken.  "That's just what I mean." Tom leaned forward and shook his finger im- pressively at her. "There's a lot you don't know about that Gaynor guy." Tom Runyon was so positive that Kay felt it would be better to sift this rumor to the bottom.  "He was fighting with a fellow named Scrap Johnson, about some girl or other," Tom answered. "I reckon that's why he wasn't so keen about mention- ing it to you."  His tone had a malicious edge, but Kay hardly heard it. Her mind was flashing back to the events of the morn- ing. It might have been possible, while she had been in the bank, for this thing to have happened. She had been so pre- occupied with her own troubles when she came out of the bank that she had not noticed Ted particularly.  She suddenly remembered something