122 RANCH ROMANCES    he lacked staying power--something essential to any man who would ride Dynamite to a finish.  The third Sunday of Brady Wilson's month as cook, was the one set for the contest. But on the previous Friday Red's horse fell, bruising his rider badly and breaking three ribs. At first Red was determined to ride Dynamite, anyhow. The matter was under hot dis- cussion at the corrals on Saturday afternoon, when Jordan Gates rode up.  "We'll put off that ride of Red's," Oliver told the Cross Bar foreman.  "Of course," Gates agreed in his usual manner of mingled superiority and patronage. "He wouldn't have a chance--be licked before he hit the saddle."  "Too bad," Doreen said sympatheti- cally, aware of Red's disappointment. "I was all ready to go over and cheer for him."  "Maybe one of the other boys would like to try," Gates suggested, as one who believes he is uttering an ab- surdity.  But the words hit Brady Wilson like a sharp spur rowel. He continued to lean easily against the corral fence, but there was nothing languid in the ex- pression of his eyes as he said coolly:  "Sure--I'll go over and give Dyna- mite a try."  All eyes turned towards the cook.  Jordan Gates laughed with loud abandon. "Good joke!" he gasped.  Brady drew himself erect. There was a calm smile on his lips, but his jaw set with determination. "No joke," he said. "I mean it. I'll be over Sunday."  Surprise, incredulity, then admira- tion for his audacity passed over the faces of the Double O cowboys. The rancher himself turned to give Brady a long, appraising glance. But Oliver's expression was inscrutable. Gates gave vent to another outburst of laughter.  "All right, Cookie," he said con- descendingly, "I'll tell the boss."  Jude Oliver, Gates and the girl moved towards the house while the     cowboys burst into eager argument. But Brady Wilson said little.  "Yes, I can ride pretty fair," he told Duffy. "I know what I'm about."  The straw boss shook his head. He believed that the new cook might have other than culinary attainments, but he knew too much about Dynamite to feel like encouraging Brady in such folly.  When he thought the matter over calmly, Brady was surprised at himself. "I'm considerable out of practice--rid- in' buckers," he reflected, "and it looks like I've taken on something pretty big. But I couldn't stand it any longer--had to bust loose and do something. Now I've got to ride to win. I'm plumb sick of that Gates hombre laughin' so much around here!"  Arrived at the Cross Bar Ranch Sun- day afternoon, Brady Wilson found a sizable crowd of neighboring ranchers and cowpunchers gathered there. Any hint of an attempt to ride the outlaw, Dynamite, always drew eager specta- tors. He felt a certain quietness in the atmosphere--a tenseness which was hardly warranted by such an event, and which could be accounted for only by the fact that he was unpopular with the crowd. "They think Jude Oliver's cook's got unlimited nerve to try to ride a horse that's thrown all the best riders in this end of the cow country," Brady decided.  Jordan Gates was very officious, dressed in his Sunday best, even his boots polished till they shone like a new stove. He went about, repeating the phrase he had coined for the oc- casion.  "Glad to see you out for the cooking exhibition. Dynamite's going to roll a sourdough biscuit for us directly."  "Maybe," Doreen Landis said, arch- ing her brows oddly, when Gates sprung the remark on her.  While the Oliver crew had appeared more or less indifferent, natural loyalty for a member of their own outfit began to crop out. Brady's ear caught Red assuring Jordan Gates: "He may not