36 RANCH ROMANCES    the rider as old Eagle Sanderson.  As she watched him, the thought came to her that Link would look like that some day. Erect, grizzled, poised --a man upon whom the years would rest lightly. Again she colored and she laughed to herself with secret de- light.  Unconsciously her glasses swept here and there, coming to rest finally on an opening in the timber on the ridge that divided the valleys. Immediately she stiffened. She saw another rider down there, just in the act of dismounting. She saw him hit the ground, draw a rifle from the saddle boot, then turn and move off towards the edge of the timber in a line that would bring him within two hundred yards of where Eagle Sanderson was riding.  Loma's identification of this second rider was immediate--that short, wide figure with the long, dangling arms, the bowed legs and strange, simian walk. Joe Colinga!  As surely as she knew her own name, Loma guessed the import of the situa- tion. Colinga, hating the Sandersons with blind, feral fury, was going to dry- gulch Eagle Sanderson! Colinga was that sort--a killer without honor, or conscience or sense of shame. Link had told her that he was positive Colinga and Glick were the two men who had murdered Long Andy. Certainly that had been ruthless and cold-blooded enough. And now. . . .  Loma wasted no further time in thought. She wielded a hefty quirt on the amazed Buck and went racing towards the valley. She did not follow the winding trail. Instead she surged straight down the steep slope, crouch- ing low in the saddle to keep from be- ing swept from her seat by the clawing brush thickets.  Eagle Sanderson had been about half a mile distant when she first saw him, moving slowly up the valley. Perhaps six hundred yards now separated him from Loma, but this seemed like miles to the anxious girl. With a final snort and a crash, Buck plunged clear of the     witch hopples and quaking asp, and raced into the open bosom of the val- ley. Loma caught a little gasp of relief as she saw that the old ranchman was still in his saddle, unsuspecting and at ease.  Yet, at that very moment the flat crash of a rifle echoed. Eagle Sander- son jerked sideways before some invisi- ble force, and slithered to the ground. His horse, well trained and faithful, spun a few steps to one side and stopped, head upthrown, ears pricked towards the point from which the shot came.  Instinctively, Loma reined in. To go racing up to the fallen man now would invite a shot at herself, and there was nothing she could do for Eagle Sander- son. A movement showed at the edge of the timber, off there in the hostile distance.  Joe Colinga appeared, walking steadily forward, callously levering in another shell. At first Loma could not understand this move. Then she re- alized what Colinga was about. He was going up to his victim to make sure. And so intent was he, it was quite ap- parent that he had not noted her ap- pearance.  Loma's first thought was to race straight for him, to ride in blind defense of the fallen man. But this changed im- mediately as she saw Colinga stop, level his rifle and shoot again. She saw the bullet, striking high, kick up dust just beyond Eagle Sandersons outstretched figure.  Wild fury coursed through her. It was the most brutal, cold-blooded thing she had ever seen. Colinga was going to drive more lead into the motionless ranchman--going to make absolutely sure.  Loma swung to the ground, dragged out her own rifle and ran a little apart from her bronco. There she dropped to one knee and swung the rifle into line. Colinga was walking forward again. He stopped, throwing up his gun. Hold- ing a coarse bead, Loma pulled the trigger.