HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 19    riment, and Loma joined in. A sudden rush of affection for this amiable soul gripped her and she welcomed Aunt Molly with genuine delight. She real- ized now that a feeling of loneliness had been growing on her--loneliness for one of her own sex.  "Of course," said Molly, "I know who you are. Loma Carlyle, so that scamp Link Sanderson told me. I'm Mrs. Downs. Aunt Molly to all my friends." She eyed the pile of discarded equip- ment on the porch. "I see your femi- nine instincts to clean house have al- ready asserted themselves. I hoped to get here in time to help. Men can be the most careless brutes."  They went inside, arm in arm. Dopey seized the opportunity to get away, and slouched down to the corrals, leading Aunt Molly's pony. The rest of the crew had just finished their job of shoe- ing as he came up. He stared at them sourly.  "Pigs," he muttered. "That's what yuh are, a bunch of careless brutes and natural-born pigs. She said so--an' I figger she's right, after all the muck I had to clean up. Goddlemighty! I'm worked to a frazzle. An' to think that some folks hire out for that kind of a job!"  LINK SANDERSON, having parted with Molly Downs just above the apex of the two valleys, rode down the south one at a leisurely lope. He felt a lot better, knowing that for the next few days, at least, the presence of Mrs. Downs at the Bar C 88 would keep the riders of that outfit subdued. And by that time he gambled they would real- ize that it would be unwise and unsafe to molest Loma Carlyle.  Link frankly admitted Loma's charms. She was unlike any girl he had ever met before. Good-looking, proud, and pos- sessed of a certain vibrant charm he could not fathom. He only knew that the mere sight of her had set his pulses to throbbing and that from his very first look at her he had been unable to get her out of his mind.     He considered himself, without any suggestion of ego, to be pretty normal and sanely balanced, with a stricter code of ethics than most men boasted. And if Loma Carlyle's vivid beauty had so intrigued him, what would it do to the wilder and more unprincipled riders she would perforce come in contact with? Link frowned at the thought.  A small group of grazing Herefords scattered to let him pass, and with the instinct of long habit his eyes ran over them, noting their condition and num- ber. His gaze fixed on one two-year-old and he reined in abruptly. Burned on that particular animal's flank was a Bar C 88 brand, which was in no way unusual in itself. Here, at the head of the valleys, cattle drifted back and forth, Bar C 88 stock mixing with his father's stuff and vice versa.  But to Link's expert eye that brand did not look exactly right. It seemed a little out of proportion and uneven, not at all like the usually crisp outline from a stamp iron. It might have been a mav- erick, of course, discovered by one of the Bar C 88 riders and branded with a running iron. Still . . .  He stared harder at the animal, frowning, his eyes narrowed. In sud- den decision he unstrapped his riata from his saddle and ran out a noose. He kneed his bronco into a run and swept down upon the startled two-year- old.  Too late it scuttled for safety. The rope hissed out, writhing like a snake. The loop flew true, picking up both hind feet neatly. The wise bronco stopped and braced. The rope twanged tight and the startled animal, feet cut from beneath it, struck the ground with a thud.  While the pony kept the rope singing tight, Link knelt beside the panting whiteface and examined the brand very closely. His finger tips, sensitive and probing, traced the mark. When he finally stood up, his face was harsh and stern, his eyes cold. As he rolled a cigarette, his lips moved.  "So-o! That's it, eh?" he muttered.