HERITAGE OF CONFLICT 47    rider, urging the bellowing herd on- ward.  "Shore," mused Link, "Coburn ain't complimentin' my good sense any. He musta figgered to ketch me sound asleep. Well, he allus was powerful shore of himself. He'll learn his lesson too late."  When dawn, gray and chill, broke over the world, the herd had passed the point where the tableland ran down to the edge of the desert. Link's wariness increased. To be seen now would spoil everything. Therefore, he led the way to the base of the Cobalts and into the timber.  "We'll skirt along through here," he explained. "We'll be able to keep closer this way, without the chance of bein' seen."  "When're we gonna pop the whistle, Link?" asked Shorty impatiently. "Them jaspers are gettin' plumb in the open now."  "Wait'll we hit Salt Crick," answered Link.  Bob Rennifer looked at his stubby partner. "Yuh musta had a change of heart, shrimp. What'cha been doin'-- drinkin' tiger's milk? Never saw yuh so full of hell an' leather. Bet the first time a gun goes off yuh'll beat it fer parts unknown."  "Oh--yeah!" snapped Shorty. "Well, I'll tell the world that if I do, I'll be plumb strangled on the dust yuh'd be kickin' up while leadin' the way."  The sun rose and climbed upward. The distant herd and the rustlers were almost hidden by the dust that funneled into the air. In the distance a low, wind- ing line of green showed--Salt Creek.  Link reined in again, his manner brisk and sure. "Bob, you and Shorty cut straight south until yuh get well beyond the herd. Then turn east an' move up fast. José and Jim take this side. Move up on the flanks an' don't let anybody break through. I'll hold the center my- self. This job is one that's been a long time overdue. We might as well make it a good one, while we're at it. An' that crowd would prefer lead to a rope     any time. I would myself. Savvy what yo're to do?"  The riders nodded. "Good! One thing more--Bart Bidwell an' his boys are out along the crick. Don't go shoot- in' into them willows. This oughta be over quick. Let's go--an' good luck!"  The long wait was over, and action ahead of them at last. The trap had been set, the quarry had entered it and now came the final act of springing that trap. Low in their saddles, Link's men raced away.  Link had taken the most dangerous position himself. He did it without any thought of heroics. It was simply the creed he had been born and bred to. He knew that when the surprise first came, Coburn and his men would surge straight ahead.  But the reception they would get at the creek would make them rebound, like a wave striking a rocky shore. What was left of them would come pounding back at him. Some might cut out to the flanks, but would turn in again when they met a reception from Bob and Shorty, José and Jim.  The five of them had just about at- tained their desired positions before dis- covery came. This was announced by a snarling report or two that sent lead skittering in dusty paths around Shorty and Bob. These two wasted no time in returning the fire. From the opposite flank José and Jim opened up.  Caught between two fires, Coburn re- acted as Link had figured he would. He called his riders about him, decided that as far as the cattle were concerned it was a lost cause, then thundered out straight ahead for Salt Creek. There dismay and fear bit deep, for a volley of long-range rifle fire came that cut down two men and a horse.  The horse happened to be Coburn's own. He kicked free of the saddle as the beast went down and caught one of the mounts that had lost a rider. It was Dopey's horse. Dopey himself was crumpled up in a tangled heap, at the final end of a crooked trail that he had traveled all his life.