56 RANCH ROMANCES    of brilliance. Thankful for its aid, Molly hurried softly to the chaps and trousers flung carelessly across a chair.  The key was not there.  Again, she stood thinking and, unwill- ingly enough, realized that the key was probably under Kit Bridger's pillow.  She had left her boots hanging to the horn of her saddle, and her moccasin- clad feet were light as falling feathers as she crept toward Kit Bridger's bed- side.  He lay on his back, one hand flung out across the sheet which covered him. Even in sleep his handsome bronzed face looked stern, the mouth resolutely closed. Between the fine arch of his brows a slight frown, which had be- come habitual, added its touch of warn- ing not to meddle with a man whom many feared.  His gun was not in his holster, and Molly realized with deepening fright that if the key were under his pillow, no doubt the gun was also! She was in men's clothes; if she waked him getting at the key, what if he jerked out the gun and shot her before he realized she was only a girl?  Angrily she told herself she hadn't come there to entertain such thoughts. She had shouldered a man's job and, like a man, she must get through with it, ignoring whatever terrors lay in the path. Above all she needed coolness now, and steadiness.  Close to the bedside, she stared down anxiously at Kit Bridger's face and sud- denly found herself held by it. She shook off the deepening fascination. Was she mad to be standing there star- ing at a man who, if he waked, might kill her?  Crouching beside him, she thrust small, exploring fingers under his pillow, keeping the pressure of her fingers al- ways down against the mattress, hop- ing in this way not to disturb him. She would have had little chance of contin- uing this had not Bridger been without sleep for the last forty-eight hours. Seeking the doctor for an injured man, wrestling with a stampede, and other     unexpected troubles had resulted in to- night's deep sleep, although usually the slightest sound, the faintest vibration, would waken him.  Molly pushed her hand on further, sometimes moving it to the right, some- times to the left. Then suddenly, just as she had given up hope, her small fingers touched the key! And still the sleep- lost man did not feel her presence in the room.  Yet he dreamed of Molly Wardell--a troublesome dream which made him stir in his sleep. He nearly froze Molly with terror by rolling over on his left side and bringing his face directly opposite hers, his weight holding her hand now, still, under the feathers.  He must be waking! She squatted back on her heels, frozen with fright. Then, as he lay quite still, she slowly and cautiously withdrew the key.  Silence deepened in the room. Kit Bridger ceased to dream at all, and sank once more into deep sleep. He did not waken till his usual hour, just before dawn. Then, as with all healthy people, body and mind snapped into instant alertness. He flung the covers aside, walked to the window, stretched, then instinctively glanced toward the barn.  A curse leaped from his lips. The door of Ace's stall was wide open!  AT furious speed, Kit Bridger woke his men, allotted to them their ranch tasks, hurriedly got together the few things he wanted for the trail, and roped the horse next best to the golden stallion. Then, deaf to the warnings of his men not to follow the trail over the Rio Grande because of the turbulent condition of Mexico, Bridger took up his quest of vengeance and of recapture.  To regain Ace he would follow that trail through the whole length of Mex- ico, he swore to himself, cursing Curt Jones in one breath and in another cer- tain horse rustlers whom he half sus- pected to be the guilty parties.  He had one advantage which Molly Wardell did not think of--there had been a hard rain the day before, which