THE VALLEY OF DISPUTE 99    muttered, "which means Dawson'll be out for your scalp. If he bought you off, how come you ain't doin' what he wanted done?"  Slim was asking the question of himself, having been told by Jim Cus- ter to keep a close watch on Jerry If the surveyor-deputy heard it, he gave no sign. He was busily at work when Dawson, followed by three men, rode into the valley.  As before, Dawson greeted him cor- dially, but Jerry saw that his com- panions were hard-faced, scowling and heavily armed. In reply to Dawson's questions, he indicated where the boundary line would run. Dawson uttered an exclamation of surprise and asked more questions. Jerry re- plied crisply.  "So you're sidin' with Custer?" Dawson demanded, his ingratiating manner suddenly leaving him. "Him an' his gal fixed you, huh?"  He took a step toward Jerry, his right hand stiff above his gun. Out of the corner of his eye Jerry saw his three companions circle in. Some- where behind him, if he hadn't fled, was Slim.  When Jerry Stone replied to Daw- son, he looked him in the eye. He was smiling.  "I'm runnin' the line where it be- longs. It ain't a question of sidin' with anybody. Custer jest happens to be right. You tried to bribe me, he didn't. But that's beside the point. Here's the line, and here she goes!" He lowered his voice, and added, so that only Dawson could hear: "Si, Señor Gringo Dawes!"  If Dawson had intended to draw his gun, those few softly spoken words astonished and surprised him. It re- quired a full moment for them to sink into his mind, and in that moment he saw a flashing series of pictures from his own past.  Jerry, before, had seen those pic- tures. Gringo Dawes, the terror of Border towns, riding his chestnut Arabian, robbing and killing at the     head of his band of assorted ruffians. Gringo Dawes, in fights with sheriffs and rangers, riding rough-shod over the officers of the law. And then-- what Jerry didn't know--Gringo Dawes captured, arrested, wounded, jailed, escaping only by chance and the loyalty of one of his men. Now as Buck Dawson, he was the boss of the Circle Four, but unable to run straight, playing his old game of taking what he wanted by force.  Jerry's words brought to him the realization that he was known. Jerry, like the others he had fought and killed, was an officer of the law. Expres- sions of fear, anger and cunning crossed his heavy, dark face. His stiff- fingered hand moved downward.  But Jerry, watching him closely, stepped quickly forward, his gun flash- ing in his hand, the barrel of it sink- ing into Dawson's paunch. With his left hand he snatched Dawson's gun from its holster, flung it aside as the other's hand closed on his wrist.  Over Dawson's shoulder Jerry saw the three Circle Four men dismount- ing, edging forward.  "Stay where you are," he command- ed, "or I'll finish Dawson. You're wanted, Gringo. I'm arrestin' you."  They stood quite still, Dawson clutching Jerry's wrist, Jerry's gun against his body. The other men had halted. Where Slim was Jerry didn't know.  "Circle round!" Dawson called to his men. "Get in back of him an' grab him!"  "You do," laughed Jerry, "an' I'll kill this hombre. The reward notices say ‘Dead or Alive,' Gringo--you oughta know that."  Dawson did not lack courage. With a savage growl of rage, he jerked at Jerry's arm, exerting the full strength of his heavy body, and swung aside, his left arm sweeping down to knock the gun from Jerry's hand. The gun roared and the bullet grazed Dawson's side as he swung. As Jerry was off balance and a little apart from Daw-