A SONG ON THE TRAILm 77    just remembered something--some- thing that made a difference. She didn't have a gun. Her father had taken her rifle that morning to hunt a bear that had killed one of his colts the night before. They had been with- out shells for his gun, a heavy, old- fashioned blunderbuss.  Connie gave a short, half hysterical laugh. She had a mental picture of herself--small, dainty, helpless-look- ing--defying a maniac murderer with- out even a gun to back her up. The man was vicious, partially crazy. The knowledge of a witness to his crime would make him desperate.  Her eyes darted quickly around. There was Frenchy's .30-30 hanging by the fireplace on the homemade, deer-foot gun rack. Hands trembling with haste, she levered the gun re- peatedly to see if there were shells in the magazine. The gun was empty.  Frantically she searched the room, and found none. Obviously the mur- derer, having the upper hand, had taken all the shells.  She must get control of herself! Must think what to do! She did not dare get panicked! Dropping into the chair before the fireplace, she pressed slim, white fingers to throbbing tem- ples. She knew she had a few minutes yet before the man outside should finish his gruesome task of covering the body.  There was nothing she could do now to help Frenchy, except to bring his murderer to justice. Connie was young, and it was the first time she had seen a man die; but one look at the dark red hole in his forehead had told her that he was beyond human aid.  She thought of trying to take the murderer in with Frenchy's empty gun. Reason told her that was foolish. She was so tiny and ineffective-look- ing, a desperate man would take a chance on her not having nerve enough to pull the trigger.  She couldn't clear out without the man behind the house knowing some-     one had been there. The snow had fixed that. Tracks would give her away even to a man unused to paying attention to such things.  Could she beat him to town? Dolly, her mount, was fast, but could she hold the pace for ten long, gruelling miles? Her mind contrasted the beau- tiful, slender-bodied Dolly with the rangy, thick-chested gray. Dolly wouldn't have a chance after the first few miles!  How about taking both horses? Con- nie peeped out the side window. At the extreme left, behind a clump of oaks, she saw a gray tail switch. She estimated the distance with her eye. The gray mare would be within the man's line of vision. So taking the gray was out!  Then suddenly the plan sprang to her mind--full grown, like Minerva from the head of Jupiter. It was so simple, so easy, that she smiled, yet it would require more courage than any- thing she had ever done before. She might not be able to do it, and the ruse itself might not work; but at least she could try.  Carefully her eyes searched the room. She had left no footprints by the little back window. She didn't dare pull the shade down again with the man so close. She'd have to take a chance on him not noticing that it had been touched. Quickly she laid the gun back on the rack.  Then quietly she slipped out the door and swung to the saddle.  With her heart in her mouth, she turned Dolly, easily, daintily, back onto the trail. Connie made no at- tempt to hurry her.  Certainly the murderer would see by her tracks that someone had been there. Almost certainly he would fol- low, lest a possible eye witness to his crime should escape to tell the au- thorities. What he would do when he caught up with her--well, if her plan should work as she hoped, there would be no need to worry about that.