FIRE FRENZY 141    him, as he detected a faint beat. But after examining the wound that gaped in the fallen man's chest, a grim smile of satisfaction flickered for a moment on his lips.  "Reckon a good enough job's been done on you, after all," he observed callously, as he rose to his feet and stooped down to pull some grass to wipe the blood off his hands. "Scrap Johnson's saved me some trouble there, all right."  He scanned the ground carefully, walking back and forth in an ever wid- ening semi-circle around the wounded man. "Looks like he got a shot from ambush," he mused aloud, as he failed to find any traces of footprints or trampled grass.  "Hello! What's this?" He stopped short and bent down to examine a large flat stone that harbored a strange dark spot on its rough gray surface.  Josh Hastings experimentally stuck his finger on it, and exploded into an oath as he pulled it back, covered with a sticky red stain.  "Begins to look more like a duel!"  He leaned down close and found sev- eral more dark spots, leading away from the stone. Following them, he came to some trampled grass, and with growing excitement he followed in the tracks. After going fifty feet or so, he came at last on the object of his search. A dark form lay in the underbrush by the edge of the grassy spot, and this time, as Josh Hastings leaned close to identify this second victim, he saw the man he had expected to find in the first place.  A brief examination showed him to be far less seriously wounded than Ted Gaynor. He had evidently fainted from loss of blood from a flesh wound in his arm, but his pulse and his heart were strong. An ugly look twisted Josh Hastings' mouth, as he stood looking down at the man he had pursued with such ruthless intent for vengeance. A cunning gleam came into his eyes as he glanced back to where Ted Gaynor lay.  It was easy enough to reconstruct     what had happened. Scrap Johnson had undoubtedly won the draw and fired first, and Gaynor's shot had gone wild, first catching by chance the fleshy part of Johnson's arm.  There wasn't a doubt in Josh Hast- ings' mind that Ted Gaynor was done for. But just in case he might, by some miracle, pull through, why not frame him, so that suspicion of what Josh was about to do would be forever pinned on this enemy of his?  He now had the chance to fix things so that no question would ever be raised about how Scrap Johnson met his end. Dead or alive, Ted Gaynor would be held responsible. Working his dastardly plot out step by step, Josh Hastings took off his bandanna and wrapped it carefully about his hand. Then, he went swiftly back to where Ted Gaynor lay.  He bent down and loosened the fin- gers of the hand that still gripped the gun that Kay had given to Ted. Hold- ing it with the bandanna, so that no touch of incriminating fingerprints could get on it, Josh Hastings slowly drew it from the loosened grip.  Suddenly, and without any warning, he felt Ted's dark eyes on him; then, as suddenly again, the lids dropped, and the body he was bending over was as inert and lifeless as before. Doubting the evidence of his own senses, but with his heart pounding suffocatingly in his ears at the memory of that strangely seeing look from those dark eyes, Josh Hastings held himself rigidly still.  The weird beauty of the scene was lost on him, but something of the eerie quality of that mysterious spot from which waters eventually flowed to the Atlantic and the Pacific, made his breath come quicker and raised a momentary panic in him. As he stared at Ted Gay- nor's white face, he watched for any further sign of life, but it lay still as death in the moonlight.  Hastings' breath came more normally again. While he was cursing himself for a fool, he lifted up Ted's gun and walked halfway back toward Scrap