24 RANCH ROMANCES    yuh know anythin' about brands, yuh'll soon find cut, miss. But if yuh really want me to say so, I'll tell yuh. That brand was originally a Quarter Circle S. It's been blotted to a Bar C 88--an' a botched job it is, too."  Loma's breath quickened as she bent over the steer. If what Eagle Sander- son said was true, here was a very seri- ous situation indeed. And she did know something about brands--enough to discern quickly through touch and visual scrutiny, that Sanderson had stated the case. She straightened up and turned on Coburn.  "Mr. Sanderson is right," she said coolly. "How do you explain this, Mr. Coburn?"  "I don't know nothin' about it," growled the foreman, plainly discon- certed. "If yuh say it's true, I believe yuh. But it don't hold that I did it, or any of the rest of our boys. Mebbe it's a plant that somebody pulled to try an' start trouble between the Sandersons an' us. Or mebbe it's a frame-up."  "Don't lie, Coburn," barked old Eagle, his eyes flashing. "That kind of talk won't get yuh anywhere. I ex- pected yuh'd say yuh didn't know any- thin' about it. The same holds true for yore whole damned crew. But I wanted to show yuh that Link an' me got our eyes open. An' here's a warn- ing for yuh. If this happens again, I'm holdin' yuh personally responsible --an' I'm comin' after yuh."  Coburn shrugged his shoulders in a show of bravado. "Any time--any place, Sanderson. Right now, if yo're feelin' that way!"  Eagle laughed harshly. "Tough--an' brave, ain't yuh?--with yore whole pack behind yuh. I've noticed yuh sing damned low when yo're alone. But that's aside from the main ques- tion. I come over here to lay the cyards on the table--face up. Yuh know jest how we stand now. C'mon, Link, we'll be goin'."  "Jest a minute--you two!"  These words came from the edge of the group of riders, a few yards back     of Loma and Coburn. Loma turned and saw Joe Colinga there, discolored teeth bared in a snarl, squat body crouched, hairy, brutal hands dangling and clutching close to his guns.  "Jest a minute," he repeated. "I'm askin' you a question. What d'yuh know about Spider Glick bein' wiped out?"  It was Link who answered. "As much as you do about Long Andy bein' mur- dered, Colinga."  Colinga's answer to that was a rau- cous curse, and his hands blurred downward. He was fast, much faster than the average. But at that moment a stout, keen-eyed matronly woman was faster. Aunt Molly Downs, watch- ing Colinga like a cat would watch a mouse, swept the gunman's Winchester out from behind her and, with the same movement, whacked the barrel em- phatically along the side of his bullet head. Colinga went down in a heap.  "Take that, you filthy brute," snapped Aunt Molly, stepping back, levering in a cartridge and then level- ing the rifle at the startled and as- tounded group of Bar C 88 punchers. "I'll shoot the first one of you to make a crooked move."  For a moment dead silence reigned. Then Link Sanderson laughed, soft and drawling. "Missis Downs," he chuckled, "my hat's plumb off to yuh. That was the neatest thing I ever saw. Yuh shore patted that jasper down. Yuh either put a dent in his haid or yuh bent that rifle barrel.  "Anyhow, me an' Dad are thankin' yuh. Anythin' we got is yores. I'm gonna shake hands with Jim Downs every time I meet him. He's shore to be congratulated. Dad, we better be rammin' out of here. Missis Downs holds the fort. Adios!"  The Sandersons whirled their horses and rode away, but Link, before he left, looked directly into Loma's wide eyes, bowed, tipped his hat and smiled. And to a man, aside from the unconscious Colinga, the Bar C 88 stood and watched them out of sight.