The Phantom Check 23 he added, "the clerk won't need to open the door very wide. Just let him knock and then stick them in through the crack." He entered the directors' room, turned on the light and closed the door, while the considerably mystified Presi- dent proceeded to carry out his rather remarkable orders. III "What do you make of him?" the cashier inquired as Wines returned to the front office. "He puzzles me," the President an- swered frankly. "Right now he's pre- empted the directors' room." "He's spying on the customers," Ector hazarded. But the President shook his head doubtfully. "He's gathering in the checks that pass through window number one; asked me to have a clerk pass them through the half-opened door, mind you." "What's the idea?" "I can't guess. However, he told me that he was going to play solitaire with them, or maybe he said solo. I take it from that that he didn't care to tell me just exactly what he did propose to do." "I believe he's just beating the air, hoping that he will stumble onto some- thing," the cashier sniffed. "It may be," Wrines agreed wearily, "but we'll give him a fair chance at any rate." In the meantime, Cheever lighted his pipe and then quite leisurely examined the directors' quarters. It had but one door, though windows opened out, both into the lobby and onto the President's room. All were covered with tightly drawn blinds, so by switching off the light and lifting a curtain slightly Cheever was able secretly to observe the string of customers lined up before win- dow number one. By similar methods he could spy equally on the President's office, he also ascertained, though he tarried there but long enough to demon- strate that fact. A knock at the door announced the arrival of the first batch of checks, and now the detective took them from the clerk's fingers and proceeded to lay them out separately on the table, face up. They formed two tolerable rows pretty well across the length of the big mahog- any table, proving that Hackett's job was at least not a sinecure. A cursory inspection showed that he was dealing with people accustomed to think in considerable sums, for Cheever found checks among them ranging up to five thousand dollars. "Handles the big bugs," the detective grunted. "No penny-ante bunch this time, Dan." With the checks laid out end to end, Cheever, beginning at the upper left hand corner, subjected each in turn to a careful and exacting scrutiny. To use the legal phrase, "all four corners," were examined both with the naked eye and later with the aid of a powerful reading glass. He had scarcely completed this, when the second handful of checks ar- rived. These in their turn were treated in the same manner as the first. By noon the top of the table was carpeted with long lines of checks, as if so many giant snowflakes had fallen and lay there still unmelted. "Mr. Cheever," a voice which he rec- ognized as that of President Wines called from the passageway. The detective opened the door, and the thick eddying tobacco smoke which poured out made the President fairly gasp. "I work best under the cover of smoke screen," Cheever grinned. "Well, you've got a real one if I'm any judge," Wines declared with con- 