The Catspaw 121 to whom I again explained matters, while Peck looked on, his furrowed face wrinkled in doubt. This time Armstrong was speedier than before. Scarcely had I hung up the receiver than he called me back. "The phone call was from the booth in a drug store at the busiest corner of the city. To trace the person who had called would be an impossibility." Packard, on duty at the rear door, called me at fifteen minutes past five o'clock. "The cat just came in!" he yelled. The afternoon's hunting had evidently been of the best for the cat was purring contentedly as he passed down the hall- way on his way to the library. But I was taking no chances of a scratch from his sharp claws, for I protected my hands with heavy gloves as I tenderly picked him up and carried him upstairs to my room. Ten minutes later I was at the telephone with my friend Hitch- ens at the other end. Half an hour afterward there came a sudden blast of a police whistle. From a dozen different directions from where they had been stationed hurried police- men and detectives, all centering on the big brick house at 1424 North Tenth. There was no response to our knocks. A burly policeman hurled his bulk against the door h It refused to give way'! He swung an axe over his head! Came a sound of splitting wood! A second later we were inside the hallway. A revolver spit at us from down the corridor! Another flashed from the head of the stairs! We answered them shot for shot, bullet for bullet. For five minutes the battle waged. Then our superior numbers told. We dashed through the smoke-filled rooms, gathering in our prisoners. Four men were caught in the net--and one woman. She was Mrs. Lon Bixby. Her husband, suffering from a severe wound in the shoulder, was one of the four. The remainder were merely his tools. VII Battersby, one of Bixby's aids, con- fronted with the murders of Lannagan and Deets, turned state's evidence and confessed. Slick, one of the others, backed him up in his statements. Bixby, as I had figured from the first, wras the instigator of the whole dia- bolical affair. How he made his escape from prison, however, is something that he refused to divulge--even when he and his confederates were taken to the gallows to answer for their crimes. How did they kill Lannagan and Deets? By means of Teta! Unwittingly, the little animal was the indirect cause of both murders. Bat- tersby, according to his own confession, had been posted by Bixby, who had, while still in prison had him engage the place at 1424 North Tenth Street under an alias in order that he might watch the Peck home. In his guise as a servant he had got acquainted with Deets while the latter was working with one of the cars. He had noticed Teta come out of the barn at 1424 which, having been empty for a number of years, was filled with rats. As the cat passed Deets, the latter had bent over and scratched it, making a chance remark about Peck's affection for the animal. He had also remarked writh a chuckle at a fondness the pet had for drawing and withdrawing his claws in whatever he chanced to be lying on--a, habit which all cats indulge in at times. Battersby, alert to give every detail to his employer, had remarked this fact to Bixby in his report. The latter sawr an opportunity to turn the incident to' his own advantage. Learning that- Peck's cat frequented the barn, he had) catered to the animal in every possible way until the animal passed a great deal of its time in and about the Bixby place.! 