A Weapon of the Law 45 "I got a gun, all right." "And I hope you're going to kill me," said the Judge in a lifeless tone. This time the man's jaw dropped a little. It was plain he was puzzled. Then he brought his jaws together grimly. "That's why I'm here," he said roughly. The Judge looked at the man with a smile of thankfulness on his face. "Jack Dodd, fate has sent you here at the right moment!" "Say, what are you driving at?" de- manded Jack Dodd uneasily. The Judge leaned back in his chair with his chin on his breast. "I have a nasty, cowardly job on my hands, Mr. Jack Dodd. Now, you can do it for me." "Dirty work, eh?" sneered Dodd. "When I'm through with you, you won't have to worry about that." "You promise me that?" said the Judge, looking at him earnestly. "Cut out the mystery," snapped Dodd impatiently. "What's in your bonnet?" Again the Judge dropped his eyes to the rug. There was a pause before he spoke. "When you entered this room," he said slowly, "I was on the point of-- taking my own life!" "What!" said Dodd in an astonished whisper. The Judge nodded. "Suicide is always a low thing--a coward's trick, Dodd. But now I'm saved that. You can kill me, Dodd!" Dodd stared at him, a little taken back. "You mean you want me to kill you?" "If you will, Dodd," answered the Judge pleadingly. The other made an impatient move- ment. "That's bunk! Why do you want to pass out? You got everything to live for." "Dodd, my son was arrested tonight for embezzlement. Tomorrow the papers will be full of it. My name has never been tarnished before. The disgrace of it will be more than I can bear. I prefer to die rather than face it." Dodd gave a laugh. "So the Honorable Judge has a crook in his family! No wonder you ain't got the nerve to face it. The upright Judge Lathrop, all for law and order, no mercy to criminals! Cripes! that's the best revenge I've heard yet." "Don't, don't!" moaned the Judge as he hid his face in his hands. "Go on, suffer! Go on!" chuckled Dodd. "I'm eatin' it up." The Judge suddenly sat up and ex- tended his arms sidewise. "Shoot me, Dodd!" he begged. "Put an end to it! Dodd, for God's sake--" "Shoot you!" laughed Dodd. "I guess not! I got half a mind to stick here and make you face the music. I'd go back and do my bit with a smile on my mug if I could see you. dragged in the slime." The Judge's manner suddenly changed. He flashed a dark look at Dodd. "You're afraid to shoot," he said in sullen anger. "You haven't got the nerve, you yellow pup !" The prison pallor of Dodd's face went whiter, still. He pressed his lips to- gether, but said nothing. "You low-livered, degenerate skunk!" the Judge flung at him. "I wish I had given you twenty years." Dodd's hand tightened on the auto- matic. His mouth began to twitch. "Look out, you--" He ripped out a stinging oath. "That's it, Dodd!" cried the Tudge. "Shoot! Shoot!" "So that's it," snarled Dodd. "Tryin' to egg me on to shoot, eh? It won't work, mister. I wouldn't shoot you now if you called me a dude!" "Is that final, Dodd? You won't do as I ask?" 