86 The Weight of a Feather tion would have been impossible." He paused and regarded the jury- through half-closed lids. "It has been established by the prose- cution that my client is a man of ordi- nary intellect. Such a man would not possibly have overlooked the most vital part of his scheme. He might have overlooked some trifling detail, as the brainiest of criminals do at times, but that he should have forgotten to fake a set of tracks when the snow was there, as it were to order, for a perfect alibi, is utterly absurd." The attorney for the State arose. "I object to generalities and far- fetched presumptions being used to dis- credit established facts," he insisted, coldly. The colonel interrupted him. "You have established no fact, if you please, Warren, except the fact that Mr. Sargent is dead. Anyone can assure himself of that by visiting the morgue." He turned to the court. "I ask your Honor to overrule the objection on the ground that the State is basing its con- viction on circumstantial evidence, and that we of the defense are endeavoring to present the court with as strong a chain of circumstantial evidence for acquittal. What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander." The attorney for the State emitted a harsh laugh. The court frowned, per- plexedly. "You're out of order, Colonel," the judge said, "still, I'll let it stand if you can show good reason for it." "I will show--good reason, present- ly," counsel asserted, mildly. He turned about in his chair and nodded to a very tall and very old man, seated, chair tip-tilted, a short distance to his right, directly under the witness- stand. The man brought the front legs of his chair to the floor with a thump, arose and mounted the three steps to the witness box. He did not sit down, but remained, standing waiting to be sworn in. Even before the clerk had fully finished administering the oath to him, his clear "Yes" rang out as a chal- lenge upon the still court-room. The attorney for the defense leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes for a moment, as if to select his words care- fully before addressing the witness. Then he said: "Dr. Shale, will you please show the court what you found when you per- formed the mortual examination upon Mr. Sargent?" Without replying, the witness took from his pocket a leather wallet. Open- ing it, he took from it a small object, which he held up between his thumb and fore-finger. "This," he said, briefly. IV Necks were craned in his direction. The jurymen leaned forward in their seats, and the judge adjusted his spec- tacles. The prosecuting attorney stared at the object with a frown, half of an- noyance, half of contempt--then trans- ferred his gaze to the face of his oppo- nent, who sat slumped in his chair, seem- ingly the least interested of anybody. The prisoner and the girl exchanged glances. The tension was broken by the Col- onel saying in his soft, crooning voice: "Please tell the court where you found that--pigeon's feather, Dr. Shale." "I found it imbedded in the dead man's brain, three inches below the skull." "That'll be all, Doctor, thanks," coun- sel said. When the witness returned to his seat he leaned over and laid the feather upon the table beside the prisoner's counsel. The colonel picked it up and placed it upon his blotter in plain sight of the court. 