58 Exterior to the Evidence Sindal came hurrying back. "I say!" he said. "Marrows, the superintendent, and Calvert, the inspec- tor, are here in the village now--they're at the vicarage. I'll run along there and fetch them. Two other men are com- ing straight up. Look here!--am I to tell Marrows anything until--" "Leave it to me!" broke in Weather- shaw. "Get him and Calvert here, if you can, at once. Then--I'll explain. Where's that telephone ?--I want to ask Sir Marston to run down here." Sindal led him into the hall, pointed out the telephone at the end of it, and then leaving the house ran along to the vicarage. And in his excitement on bursting into the Vicar's study, he did not at first notice that Birch was there, and when, turning to look round, he saw him, he was still so engrossed by the needs of the moment that he failed to connect the presence of his brother- solicitor with that of the police. "Come away at once, Marrows!" he repeated. "Both of you!--you're wanted." But Marrows was as cool as Sindal was excited. "What are we wanted for, Mr. Sin- dal?" he asked. "We've business here, yet." Even then Sindal made no guess at what was happening. His sole concern was to get the police to Weathershaw. "The fact is," he said, seeing that an explanation was necessary before the superintendent would move--"the fact is, Sir Marston and myself have been employing a private detective in this business--Weathershaw, of Manchester. He's made a discovery--I can't tell you what it is, but I know him well enough to know that it's highly important. And he wants your official help--just now. He wants you to arrest somebody. Two of your men are coming up now, from town." Marrows, who had listened to this with evident astonishment, glanced at Calvert and then turned again to Sindal. "Just step outside a minute, Mr. Sin- dal," he said. "We'll join you present- ly. Now, Mr. Birch," he went on, when Sindal had gone out into the hall, "you've heard that? I hope there's something in it, for your sake--for to tell you the truth, I was just going to tell you and Mam'selle there that you'd have to go back to Hallithwaite with me! But, as things are--will you give met your word that you'll stop here until I've seen what this new business is?" "With the Vicar's permission," answered Birch. The Vicar waved a hand, implying consent, and Marrows, after a mo- ment's hesitation, signed to Calvert to follow him and joined Sindal. "Do you know any more than you've told us, Mr. Sindal?" he asked, as all three hurried down the road toward the inn. "I know this Weathershaw by reputation, but, of course, I'd no knowl- edge that you were employing him. What is it he's found out?" "I've no more idea than you have," answered Sindal. But I know that he's had a theory about this affair from the time of his arrival, and I'm confident that he wouldn't want your help unless he felt sure of what his line is." "Well, let's hope we're going to have the thing cleared up!" said Marrows. "Matters were beginning to look queer for more than one person, Mr. Sindal." Sindal made no answer and asked no question. He hurried on and presently led his companions into the parlor at the Stanbury Arms. There, Weather- shaw, Hartley, and Marston Stanbury, the latter evidently in a state of high surprise, stood whispering together on the hearthrug. All three turned as Sin- dal entered with the police officials, who looked with professional interest at the man who had already made his mark 