Blueberry Pie 9 received. All he could do was to go over and over his version of the affair. Stuart Dennison's story was, to say the least, amazing. That he couldn't prove anything seemed the least amazing part of it. For Den- nison maintained that he hadn't been near the apartment the day of the murder. He couldn't offer an alibi for every moment of his time. He had been in and out of his office and his club. But he was always going in and out. He had occupied his room at his club. But then, he had always kept a room there and used it more .or less. Most of the club members had been away. Those who had been at the club could not testify when they had seen him. His story was simple; too simple even for those who wanted to sympathize with him. He hadn't been near the apartment, that was all. The watch? Yes, he had given it to Miss Graham on a previous Christmas.- To his knowl- edge it had never been broken nor mended. How could he prove that? He couldn't. He maintained that he had left the apartment the evening before--that Miss Graham definitely knew that he was not going to re- turn. He had packed his trunk before he had gone--had sent for it. It had been taken to his club as he said. Vacation trip? He knew of no vacation trip ; had planned none. He couldn't understand Miss Graham saying anything about that. The sec- ond trunk--the same thing. . . . The little woman with the blonde bob- bed hair, the one person who could have proved him wrong--or right --was buried long before the trial began. Dennison did explain about the blueberry pie in a way--a peculiarly ineffective way, everyone thought. On the way to Miss Harrington's he had passed, he said, a small pastry shop. In the window he had seen some blueberry pie. It was near dinnertime. He knew that. But he was fond of blueberry pie. He had gone into the pastry shop, eaten a small piece of pie. Later, when Miss Harrington had asked him, he had been embarrassed, had denied eat- ing the pie. He hadn't remembered, he explained, that his teeth and lips would look blue. At the pastry shop no one remembered him nor the pie. One waitress had gone--no one knew her name--no one else knew anything about it--so many people came in to eat pie. . . . The pie in the apartment? He had never seen that, of course. ... A burglar must have come in-- The cold-blooded fact--that just before or after he had killed the wo- man who had been everything to him for two years--he had eaten a piece of pie that she had baked as a sur- prise for him, turned people against Dennison more than any other one fact of the tragedy. That much is certain. It was a clear case, as the district attorney sketched it. The two, Den- nison and Miss Graham had lived together. He had fallen in love with someone else, had threatened to leave her. There had been scenes. Then, he had promised her that things would be better--had planned the va- cation trip to prove it. He had packed his trunk, had gone away. Miss Graham, all eager for his return, had packed the big trunk, sent it away, had probably telephoned "to him, found out the trunk was not needed, got a wagon to call for it and bring it back, then had returned and had baked the blueberry pie. Com- ing in about five, on Thursday, Den- nison had found her waiting. They had quarreled. He had murdered 