The Mistaken Sacrifice 99 man. At first Hanley had been aided by two assistants, but in time the busi- ness grew so automatic, and so rela- tively unimportant to its owner, that Morely directed him to do without any clerks. Willingly Hanley had dis- missed them, and when he had done so, Ah Fu laughed in his flowing sleeve. He had seen for some time that his employer had been ill at ease, and he thought that Hanley breathed a sigh of relief when the others were gone. Ah Fu also knew that Hanley spent very little. He knew that a tidy sum, to which Hanley was ever adding, lay safe in the Manchu Bank. What was more, Ah Fu had gathered that Han- ley was discontented, and would wel- come the day when his exile might be over--if ever, indeed, that day should really dawn. Hanley hoped it would, and Ah Fu hoped so too; for the Chinaman longed to see the rest of the world. He knew that Hanley had grown so used to him that he would keep him as his servant for the rest of his days. Hence the departure of Han- ley from Shanghai would mean the be- ginning of the travels of which Ah Fu dreamed. Hanley had taught him English and something of the business. He had loaned him books and told him stories of other countries, as well as making Ah Fu a sort of secretary. By the time the Chinaman had mastered the spelling of English he had contrived to pick it out on the keys of a type- writer. He would make up long state- ments each January and July, from lists of figures supplied him by his master. These lists Hanley would com- pile from the private books he kept-- books that were always under lock and key and which no one but Hanley ever looked into. Morely had not been out to Shanghai since the day of Hanley's arrival, and the letters the two exchanged were formal in the extreme. Morely had not wished to humiliate his friend by referring to personal matters, and Han- ley had not presumed upon the other's kindness to make their communications savor in any way of a casual corre- spondence. All of which was well enough as long as Morely lived, but shortly after the world war Morely suddenly died. He had not been married and conse- quently had no direct heirs, but Hanley learned in due time that the estate had been left to a distant cousin. The man's name was Burson and he lived in San Francisco. It seemed that he had never traveled to the Orient and was suddenly possessed of a strong desire to do so. Hanley dreaded his visit on several scores, neither of which he took occa- sion to mention to Ah Fu, feeling that the Chinaman could never understand, and that, in any event, it was none of the servant's business. Hanley be- lieved in keeping his own counsel and in living much by himself, although he was aware that Ah Fu as well' as all Shanghai knew of the events which had resulted in his coming there to live. Yet if Ah Fu was honest himself, whether because of virtue, or perhaps from necessity, he seemed to hold no contempt for Hanley on account of his criminal record. In fact, Ah Fu felt that a man who was crafty enough to take advantage of another in the mat- ter of money was a person to be re- garded with the greatest of respect. So he typed his letters and made Han- ley's bed, and cooked his employer's meals, without concerning himself as to what was written in those mysterious books whose pages his eyes had never scanned. But Ah Fu grew troubled as Hanley's annoyance seemed to in- crease. Other letters from San Francisco 