84 The Weight of a Feather glanced back at the dark-haired girl on. the bench beside the prisoner, then turned to the witness again. "I was just trying to bring out, Ed, how sure you are that you're going to be our next Sheriff." He jerked one stubby thumb over his shoulder at the girl. "If you had been half as sure of getting Laura, there, there'd be wedding bells along with your inauguration, I guess." A wave of suppressed amusement passed through the crowd. The young constable's unsuccessful wooing of Laura Hamilton was common knowl- edge. Someone in one of the rear seats emitted a loud guffaw. The judge pounded his gavel. "Another such disturbance and I'll order the court-room cleared!" he thundered. The face of the witness burned a dull red. The girl on the bench beside the boy dropped her eyes. Her long, dark eyelashes lay like two crescents of jet against the clear pallor of her skin. The prisoner's hand stole out in pro- tecting reassurance. His eyes were fastened upon the broad, untidy back of his attorney as if he were trying to read, there, the motives responsible for the man's ill-timed digression. The counsel consulted his notes. "Were you alone in your office, Ed, on the morning of the fourteenth when the accused called up on the telephone and informed you that his uncle had been killed?" he asked, after a pause. "I was," the witness snapped. "It was eight o'clock when the tele- phone rang, I believe you stated be- fore ?" "Yes." "You are sure about the time?" "Yes, sure." "Looked at your watch, I suppose?" "No, but I get down to the office at a quarter to eight every morning. I had been in only a short time when the telephone rang." "I see. You went directly to the place ?" "Yes. I closed my desk and left at once." "I don't suppose you can tell us ex- actly to the minute when you arrived at the scene of--the tragedy?" "I can. It was ten minutes to nine," the officer asserted with snappy positiveness. "I looked at my watch as I walked across the field to the house." The attorney glanced at the ceiling. He seemed to be thinking. "The distance from your office in the city hall to the house is about one mile," he said, "Am I right?" "Yes, Sir." "It took you from eight o'clock to ten minutes to nine--fifty minutes, to cover the distance of one mile?" "The road was in a bad condition," the witness explained, tersely. "It had been thawing heavily all night. I had to stop every little while ' to stamp the snow off my boots." "I see. If it hadn't been thawing so unusually hard all night, you could have made the distance in much less time-- in say twenty-five minutes?" "Twenty minutes, easy," the witness corrected. "I'm a fast walker." The colonel pursed his lips. He glanced at the judge, then transferred his gaze to the jury. When he spoke again, he seemed to be addressing no one in particular. "The weather records show that it started thawing at ten-thirty the night before. I guess the canyon road must have been in pretty bad shape, all right. It was the heaviest thaw on record for this time of the year, since 1912." He paused and leaned back in his chair and regarded the witness, mus- ingly. "After you had taken charge of the 