Exterior to the Evidence 57 glasses, looked knowingly at Sindal as he felt in his pockets for change. "Owt more been heard about things, Mr. Sindal ?" he asked familiarly. "I expect all you lawyer gentlemen's up to t' neck in enquiries, like. It's a queer business, an' all--and theer's some strange things bein' said about it, my conscience!" "What's being said?" asked Sindal, with a glance at Weathershaw. "Nay, all sorts!" answered the land- lord. "You know how folks talks when they come and sit i' houses like this-- ivvery man 'at comes in's gotten some theory or other. Theer's them 'at says 'at neither t' police, nor t' crowner, nor any o' you lawyers hes gotten t' stick be t' right end yet--'at theer's a far greater mystery about owd Sir Cheville's death than anybody's aware on. And that's what I think." "Does anybody suggest what the mystery is?" asked Sindal. "Well, no, sir, I couldn't say 'at any- body does exactly that theer," answered the landlord. "But theer were a man in here this afternoon 'at laid t' law down pretty dogmatic. 'Yon owd feller weren't murdered ower that will he'd made!' says he. 'He wor made away wi' for summat at hed nowt to do wi' no wills!' 'Well, an' what?' says an- other man. 'Never ye mind!' says t' first chap. 'What I'm sayin's reight-- ye'll see what he was slain for, i' due time--ye mark my words!' That's t' way 'at they will talk, you know, Mr. Sindal," concluded the landlord as he left the parlor. Sindal glanced at Weathershaw when the landlord had gone. "That's it!" he said with a grim laugh. "Talk, talk!--and never any- thing at the end of it. Well, going to try this fine old ale ?--cold as snow!" Weathershaw, who had been looking out of the window, suddenly moved to the door. "A moment!" he said. "Here's my man!" He went swiftly out to the road, and Sindal, looking after him, saw him meet Hartley, who came quietly along as if he had no other business in hand than to call at the inn. Together, the two men turned aside, and became absorbed in what was evidently an important con- versation. Suddenly Weathershaw, motioning his companion to follow, turned and strode swiftly back. "Sindal!" he exclaimed, as he came in, with Hartley on his heels. "The time's come for action! Will you ring up the police at Hallithwaite, and say that you --they don't or won't know me, so you must take responsibility--want them to send up superintendent, inspector, and a couple of men, plain-clothes men, here to the Stanbury Arms, at once. Tell them it's most urgent--I'll tell you why, after." Sindal carried away by Weather- shaw's emphasis, started for the door. But with his hand on it, he turned, for one word. "Arrest?" he asked. Weathershaw was pouring out a glass of ale for Hartley. He answered with equal brevity. "Probably!" he said. He glanced at his man when Sindal had hurried off; Hartley, cool and un- perturbed, was lifting his glass to his mouth. "Two of 'em, then?" said Weather- shaw. "Two!" replied Hartley. "In the same house?" "In the same house." "And--both at the same game ?" "So I found out!" "We're on the right track, without doubt," said Weathershaw musingly. He pulled out his watch. "Those fel- lows can get up here before ten," he added. "It'll be about dark by that time, and 'so--" 