The Catspaw By Ward Sterling I THE Peck mansion was as care- fully guarded as a prison. At the front and rear doors armed operatives from the best detec- tive bureau in the city--all tried men-- were posted day and night. Others patrolled the grounds. There was not one chance in ten million for anyone to creep through the network of protection we had thrown about the aged million- aire and his family. Yet the first murder occurred within twenty-four hours of the time set by Lon Bixby! Lannagan, the second man, did not report for duty in the morning as usual. Jenkins, the butler, entering the room when he did not respond found him cold in death. The tragedy had taken place some time during the night. The body was cold and rigid when we rushed into the chamber in response to the butler's frantic calls for help. Bloated to nearly double his natural size, blackened, the limbs twisted as from convulsions, the face drawn out of shape, the unfortunate man pre- sented a terrifying spectacle. Doctor Maxwell, Peck's regular phy- sician, who was locked up in the house with the remainder of us, gave as his opinion after a hurried examination that death was the result of poisoning. Yet Lannagan had eaten nothing, to the best of our knowledge and belief, that the rest of us had not also eaten. That had been a part of our agreement --that we would all partake of the same food--in order to protect Peck from poison. Nor had anything in the pro- vision line been brought to the house. Prepared to stand a siege, everything-- even the fresh meats--had been pur- chased in advance and stored away in the refrigerating plant downstairs. Doctor Frye, the coroner, summoned by telephone as soon as the tragedy was discovered, agreed with his colleague that Lannagan had been poisoned. It was his belief, however, that the poison had been administered by injection into a vein. Both physicians made a careful ex- amination of the body. Just above the knee they found two minute punctures in the skin! Here, too, the swelling seemed more aggravated than elsewhere, while the spot had turned a darker hue. The body had every sympton of death from snake bite. Yet we knew that there was not a snake in the house nor could there have been one in the room. Lannagan had, according to my instruc- tions, slept with his windows and door locked. They were in this condition when the body was found, for it had been necessary for the butler to let him- self into the room Avith his pass-key. The other servants had locked them- selves in in the same way. An alert detective ha$l been posted all night in each corridor. In spite of the precautions, in order to make certain, we removed every piece of furniture from the dead man's room. There was no possibility of a reptile having been hidden there. Nor could a man have, in any possible way, entered the house. To make matters more complicated we knew that Lannagan had not left the 114 