Blueberry Pie 7 she had stood and watched her. Miss Graham had packed blankets for use in the cottage--Miss Graham had told about using a cottage belonging to a member of Dennison's firm. The other trunk was packed, then. It left early Thursday morning. Miss Graham had gone out into the hall with the boy, and coming back had said she had told him to come later for the other trunk. Later, Mrs. Peterson remembered, the square trunk had gone, though she had seen it come back, too. Miss Graham had opened the door for it and she had spoken to her, again. "Just think," she had said, "we won't need this trunk, after all. There are plenty of blankets at the lodge and as we have got a long automobile trip at the other end, there's no use taking it. All that bother for nothing." Mrs. Peterson had stepped into the Dennison apartment for a moment. Miss Graham had been--yes--she had been baking blueberry pie. The pie was just finished. Miss Graham had said that blueberry pies were Dennison's favorite dish--Miss Gra- ham didn't care much for it, herself. Dennison wouldn't have a home- made one for a couple of weeks and blueberries might be gone by the time they got back, so Miss Graham was making one for his dinner. She didn't want to cut it, now, but she'd bring Mrs. Peterson over a piece, la- ter. Miss Graham had worn that little gingham housedress, with the blue apron over it--the clothes she had been found dead in--and her fingers, even then, had been stained with the berries from the blueberry pie. Mrs. Peterson never saw Miss Graham again. Never, that is, while she was alive. She had looked at the body to identify it--if identification were needed. She had seen the bobbed blonde hair, the little, berry- stained apron--the terrible berry- stained fingers--after a whole week. She had seen the pie again, too, there on the kitchen table, with its one piece missing. Mrs. Peterson's evidence was im- portant. But there were other things. The watch, for one. An- other neighbor, a Mrs. Grant, had told, eagerly, about the watch. She, too, had seen Miss; Graham that very Thursday--that afternoon. She, too, had heard about the promised vaca- tion. Miss Graham was coming in and in the lower hall, they had stopped and talked. Miss Graham's arms were full of bundles. "I'm going to bake a pie," she had said. Miss Graham had asked the time-- and mentioned that Mr. Dennison was having her watch repaired-- would bring it home that night--she was lost without it. Miss Graham usually wore a small wrist watch-- yes, Mrs. Grant had seen it fre- quently. Yes--the one they found on the dressing table. Miss Graham had glanced at her bare wrist, in- stinctively, Mrs. Grant remembered. She had said how she would have hated to be away two weeks without a watch. Mrs. Grant hadn't seen Miss Graham again. But she had seen the watch again--there on the dressing table--and later in the court-room. Yes--she had glanced at the body with its tumbled light short hair, its familiar little apron--a terrible thing--you can't tell what your neighbors will do, these days--t Dennison had seemed like such a nice fellow. . . . Another neighbor testified--a fel- low named Felix, who lived on the floor above. The evening that the police decided the murder had been committed--Thursday--he had been 