The Weight of a Feather By Carl Clausen I THE State had completed its case. The conviction of the prisoner seemed certain, in spite of the fact that the evidence was purely circumstantial. The attorney for the State was gath- ering up his papers at his table, upon which, facing the jury, stood a massive bronze bust of Beethoven, the composer. Beside the bust lay a cowboy's lariat. Nothing else. The attorney was a square-jawed, deep-chested man with cold blue eyes set much too wide apart and a bristling gray pompadour brushed back from his massive, corrugated forehead. He had handled the case well. It had been a difficult one. The method alleged to have been used by the mur- derer savored of dime novels. The ap- pearance of the prisoner, too, had been hard to overcome. The attorney admitted grudgingly as he let his cold, hard eyes rest for the fraction of a moment upon the boy sit- ting erect on the bench beside the girl, with his head thrown back, that it was hard to believe him guilty of a cunning, brutal murder, and harder to convince a jury that he had committed it. The lad raised his eyes for an instant to the face of his accuser, just then, but there was no look of malice in them. He seemed merely to be endeavoring to fathom the reason for the vindictive- ness that had just been directed against himself by this man whom he had known since boyhood. He was not the conventional, beetle- browed murder suspect. Indeed, he was the one person in the crowded court-room who seemed out of place there. He was a little above average height--the dark head of the girl seated on the bench beside him came just above his shoulders---and slender; not slight, but slender with the vigorous slender- ness of youth. His eyes were blue, large and very clear, and his hair was crisp, and sandy from habitual exposure to the elements. It was early afternoon. A hush lay over the crowded court-room following the closing announcement of the attor- ney for the State. It was the court- room of a small Western city at the foot of the snow-clad Sierra-Nevadas. A ray of the wan winter sun entering through the grimy window lay upon the judge's silvery hair. The judge raised his watery eyes and glanced out at the snow-covered court house square where a gang of men with shovels were mak- ing a path for himself and his court to walk home upon. It had been snowing steadily all morning. During the pause in the proceedings the constable left his post at the door to replenish the fire in the stove. He was a young man and big, a typical Western small town constable, broad- shouldered and ruddy-faced. His uni- form was painfully new. He moved with clumsy momentousness on tiptoe across the floor, opened the door of the stove and placed two pine knots upon the bright embers with slow delibera- tion, as if to invest this simple act with some of the importance he felt. Then he closed the door of the stove, B.M.--Aug.--6 81 