The Catspaw 119 "Same as Lannagan!" he answered. "See for yourself how the poor fellow's starting to bloat. After nearly half a century of medical experience it's the first case I ever failed to diagnose--or at least make a fairly good guess at." He stopped suddenly. A shudder over the body of the man on the floor. Then his jaw dropped. Fred Deets was dead! V I turned to Mrs. Mulcahey. "Tell me just what happened!" I commanded. "Sure, and that's th' worst of it," she sobbed. "There was nothin' happened at all. He was sittin' here as happy as you please talkin' to Teta when--" "Teta? Who's Teta?" I demanded. "The cat," Peck answered grimly. "Deets was one of Teta's warmest friends. The little animal is decidedly emphatic in his likes and dislikes, but poor Fred was one of his favorites." I nodded. Then to Mrs. Mulcahey: "Go ahead with your story!" "Well, sor, as I was sayin' he was sitting there talkin' to Teta when all of a sudden I heard him give a little gasp. Me back was turned to him at the time. I looked around quickly--just in time to see him slide from th' chair with th' froth c.omin' out of his mouth. I yelled for help and you seen th' rest." Mrs. Mulcahey had been with Peck for eighteen years, my records showed. That she was not the murderer was a certainty. Yet Deets had been killed under her very eyes. I questioned her for nearly half an hour, in the hope that she might recall having seen some other member of the household in or near the kitchen at or about the time Deets was stricken down. But she was emphatic. She and she alone had been with the dead chauffeur. There was nothing to do but send for the coroner again. Meanwhile the body had been re- moved to an upstairs room where Doctor Maxwell made an examination. He called as I passed through the hall. As I entered the room he pointed to the naked body of the murdered chauffeur. Close to the knee of the right leg the skin was blacker than elsewhere. And in the center of the dark spot was a tiny puncture similar to the ones we had found on Lannagan's leg! A detective occasionally gets "hunches." If he is a good one he plays them to the limit. I, as I have stated before, believe--and I trust that the reader will not accuse me of egotism-- that I am among the top notchers de- spite the poor opinion he has received of me through my rambling account of the murders in the Peck mansion. Just now I got a "hunch." I decided to play it. Hardly taking time to thank my friend, the physician, for his courtesy, I hurried downstaids to the library where Peck was busy reading, the big cat curled up in a ball on the chair opposite. The millionaire looked up in astonish- ment at my catapultic entrance. "Mr. Peck!" I burst forth, "I want to borrow Teta!" The millionaire elevated his brows. "You what?" he demanded. "I want to borrow Teta--the cat, here. I've an idea that he'd make a first class detective. I'll promise you that I'll not injure him in the least, but I am firm in the conviction that he can lead us to the murderers of Lannagan and Deets --the men who are trying to get at you and, possibly, at Miss Gladys through you." As I spoke the big cat arched his back and got onto his feet with a yawn, exercising his digits by drawing and withdrawing his claws in the padding of the chair half a dozen times. The action decided the old man. He looked up at 