Murder in Haste By John Baer I OF the thousands of dentists in the city, Detective Carr chose to visit Dr. Raymond K. Perry on East Forty-eighth Street. A friend had recommended Dr. Perry; that was the only reason for the detec- tive's choice. The doctor was a small, bald, round- ish, amiable gentleman with a pleasing personality. "Harmless" was the word which immediately occurred to you the first time you saw him-. Nevertheless, the detective's eyes contracted rather sharply when he shook hands with the doctor. And a momentary expression of mingled doubt and surprise clouded his face. But he resumed his noncha- lance immediately. The detective's teeth were in a very bad condition. He had several cavities and a mild case of pyorrhea. The doc- tor made an examination and took an X-ray photograph. An appointment for two days later was made. The intervening day was an extraor- dinarily busy one for Detective Carr. He spent the time running down the his- tory and official record of the Kirven murder case, a crime which had been committed some ten months previously. The details of this case, with which he renewed his acquaintance, may be summed up briefly as follows: At about ten-thirty in the morning Mr. Kirven was found dead in his room with his throat cut from ear to ear. A blood-stained razor was lying beside him. The body was discovered by his housekeeper, who had come to his house to do the cleaning. That it was murder was plain, for there were signs of a furious struggle. Nor did the identity of the murderer remain long a mystery. William Lesser, the business partner of Mr. Kirven, disappeared, and for apparent reasons. The books of the firm of Kirven &amp; Lesser, brokers, appeared at first to be in good order. But an investigation revealed that several transactions in- volving large amounts had not been recorded. Bonds and securities which had been intrusted to Lesser by the firm's clients never reached the book- keepers for entry. It was estimated that Lesser had absconded with some two hundred thousand dollars. The direct cause of the murder was not known, but it was assumed that Kir- ven had discovered his partner's treach- ery, had accused or perhaps threatened him and had thus brought on a quarrel. The police, in tracing Lesser's history, discovered that three years previous to the crime he had entered Kirven's office as a clerk. He made good so quickly that Mr. Kirven took him into partner- ship. No clue to any fact of Lesser's life before he entered the employ of Mr. Kirven could be found. The heirs of Mr. Kirven, a sister and a nephew, offered a reward of five hun- dred dollars for the capture of Lesser. But months of zealous searching bore no result. The police had only an old photograph (found among Mr. Kirven's effects) and the descriptions given by employes and clients to guide them. After several months, official interest in the case smouldered and finally lapsed altogether. Detective Carr was one of the depart- 37 