Exterior to the Evidence 65 "Nothing but rumor!" said Sindal. "A good many folks, in a position to know, say it was more than rumor," retorted Marrows. "They say it was fact!" "What was it?" asked Weathershaw. "I'll tell you," replied Marrows. "Sir John Arncliffe, as I said, is the biggest manufacturer in these parts, and he's always been known as an inventor, too. Now, some years ago, he'd a very smart, promising young chap in his mill who, in his spare time, invented a machine out of which he expected to make his fortune. He was fool enough, when he'd got the thing finished, to take it one day to Sir John in his private office --Sir John bade him leave it and he'd see what could be done. Time passed-- the lad never heard anything. Then it came out that Sir John had calmly pat- ented that machine as his own, and he told Wilson that as he was in his em- ploy he considered his brains were his, and threw him a cheque for some two or three hundred pounds with the re- mark that he ought to feel thankful for it. Now, this Wilson was a high-strung sort of chap--and he went home and shot himself! That's that story, and it makes me believe--" "It's only one side of it!" said Sindal. "Sir John had another." "Aye, well!" remarked Marrows. "I'm going to know what Sir John's got to say to what we've just heard. Yon's his house," he continued, pointing to the lights of a large mansion which stood a little beyond Low Hall. "I'm going there at once. There's going to be no trifling in this, Mr. Sindal." "Stop a bit!" said Sindal. "Look here!--we don't want such a scandal as this'll cause, if there's any reason- able explanation of it. Now, let me go to him--quietly. Then--" Marston suddenly came to the front. "No, by George!" he exclaimed. "None of that, Sindal! After what I've heard, I agree with Marrows. Come on, Marrows!" "Yes, I'm going, Sir Marston," as- sented the superintendent. "What do you say, Mr. Weathershaw?" "If you want to know what I say," answered Weathershaw, who had lis- tened in silence, "I say this--I don't know what we're waiting for! I haven't the least doubt of this man's guilt." "Come along, then," said Marrows. "It's only a stone's throw." But Sindal hung back. "Please yourselves, then!" he said, suddenly. "I'm not going! Sir John Arncliffe's my client, and--" He turned and walked away in the direction of the village, and Marrows glanced at his companions. "Bread-and-butter!" he remarked significantly. "Look here!" said Weathershaw, as they approached the gates of a big house built amidst groves of trees on a shelving edge of the moor. "A question before we go in: Is Sir John a member of the club?" "Yes!" answered Marston. "In and out every day--spends half his time there." "That explains it, then," observed Weathershaw. "He put Sir Cheville's will in the locker. Deep!" "Oh, he's deep enough!" muttered Marrows. "Deep and sly. Well, now for it. See!--you gentlemen just stand back a bit while I ask at the door for him. If he's in, I'll make an excuse for all three of us to see him." Marston and Weathershaw drew back under the trees of the avenue while Marrows went up to the front door. It opened; a man in livery appeared; after a brief conversation with him Marrows came back, a curious smile on his face. "Not in!" he said in a whisper. "And where on earth do you think he is? At Mr. Etherton's, at Low Hall! Gad!-- B.M.--Aug.--5 