122 The Catspaw Failing in his attempts to kill Peck, the instant that he had chased the mil- lionaire to cover Bixby seized upon the cat to carry out his own diabolical ends. Covering the animal's claws with a con- centrated extract of venom made from the poison of a cobra, he had turned it loose leaving it to Fate as to where death would strike. Peck was likely to be the first. He was the cat's master and the animal would be more likely to be with him than anyone else. That it was Lanna- gan who was the first was simply one of those peculiar freaks of chance. The cat, purring contentedly on Lan- nagan's lap, had stuck his claws slightly into the servant's knee. Lannagan had worn thick trousers and, as a result, a great deal of the poison was rubbed off as the claws went through. He was therefore not stricken until during the night when the venom had gone entirely through his system. On the other hand Deets, wearing a pair of thin trousers--and there might have been more of the poison on the cat's claws or it may have been fresher --was stricken almost immediately after the sharp points had penetrated his flesh. Bixby, a native of South Africa, was an adept on poisons which led to the fact that he finally selected this subtle method of committing his crimes. Located so close to the Peck home, he was able to see from his window a great deal of what was going on around the mansion. As a result, when the coroner called, he knew that death--through the cat--had struck. But he did not know who. He had a confederate stationed downtown somewhere close to the Pennsylvania station. It was but the work of seconds to call the latter up and instruct him to call Peck to the phone. When the latter answered in person the confederate knew that death had struck someone else and so informed Bixby. The second telephone call was sent in a spirit of mere braggadocio after Teta's claws had been smeared for the third time with the poison. The coffin was sent for the same reason--and to break down Peck's morale. How did I know these things? Con- jecture, and conjecture only. At first glance I imagined--as did Doctor Max- well and the coroner--that the two punc- tures in Lannagan's leg were caused by the fangs of a snake. The fact that the symptoms were all those of snake bite led to this deduction. It was not until after Deets had die dand Mrs. Mulcahey had told me that Teta had been on his lap at the time that the idea suddenly came to me. Coupled with this fact was that of finding a puncture on Deets' leg similar to that on the leg of Lannagan. I had noticed the cat's habit of pressing his claws into everything on which he sat. Peck had told me that the cat was a favorite with the two men who had died. I put two and two together and made four of them. When I borrowed the cat I took him to my room and, with my hands gloved, I scraped his claws and submitted the scrapings to chemical tests. The results showed snake venom. The remainder was easy. I had only to disinfect the cat's claws and then turn him loose. When my men reported where he went, I summoned Hitchens and asked him to station his men near the house. When the cat returned, I seized him before he had had an oppor- tunity of killing anyone else and again scraped his claws. The chemical tests showed snake venom in great quantities. The raid on the house at 1424 fol- lowed. I've often wondered if Teta knows the part he played in the death of his two friends and the detection of the murderers ? Who knows ? 