The Mistaken Sacrifice By Howard Rockey I JIM HANLEY would never have elected to bury himself in Shanghai from choice. But an early error in judgment regarding New York laws and the course the stock market would take had resulted in his residence there for more than twenty years. Everybody had liked Hanley and most people liked him still. Ah Fu, his Chinese boy, literally worshipped him. Yet after his initial mistake and narrow escape from a term in Sing Sing, Hanley found that no one but Richard Morely was willing to trust him. It seemed rather unfair. He thought they might have given him an- other chance without forcing him away from Manhattan; but his wishes in this respect had proved in vain. The onus of his youthful misstep had survived long after the actual circumstances of his defalcation had been forgotten. It was true that Hanley had not per- sonally profited by his fraudulent act. Badly advised by his tempters, he had lost every penny of the sum he had em- bezzled. There were also extenuating circumstances, but the men who had been Hanley's friends did not wish to continue their association with him, even though some of them refused to prose- cute. Others were not so conditionally forgiving, and he had found himself facing a warrant. The woman he loved gave him his conge. Those to whom he appealed for loans to replace what he had stolen turned from him in cold con- tempt. He was a social outcast--a fugi- tive from justice--and a penniless, broken-hearted man. Only Richard Morely had stood by him. It was Morely who hustled him aboard the train for Canada before the police could arrest him; Morely who ar- ranged his passage on the big P. &amp; O. steamer : and Morely who had given him a job. The whole affair cul- minated at the time Morely was forming his Yellow Dragon Trading Company. The business was a modest one and de- manded but little of its manager be- sides routine attention. It practically operated itself, yet it was a profitable enterprise and enabled Morely to pay Hanley an adequate salary. That his doing so was little more than charity everyone knew. A local Chinese bank could have handled the matter and un- doubtedly would have done so much better than Hanley could. But for over a score of years Hanley had spent his days in the little office near the Bund and his nights in the adjoining bungalow, just beyond the European quarter of the city. He belonged to no clubs and had but few intimates--- chiefly those of his own ilk, who railed at the despicable climate of Shanghai, despite the fact that they found it more healthy to remain there than to go home. He was a man of pleasing per- sonality and pleasant manners, reserved and soft spoken. He did not play the races and he did not gamble, so far as anyone knew. Most of his spare time was spent alone with his books, and if a woman appeared now and then in his life, no one was aware of it. The only living being who really understood Hanley was his native housekeeper, and even Ah Fu was some- what mistaken in his estimate of the 98 