A Weapon of the Law By George W. Breuker IT was very still in the library where Judge Lathrop sat reading. The lamp on the table at his elbow shed a soft circle of light in the centre of the room, leaving the outer edges dim and shadowy. The house was quiet. A small clock in the room had already struck one. The Judge's wife and daughter had been in bed for some hours. At last the Judge put down the legal tome and sat thinking over what he had read. He became so lost in meditation that the door at his left was quietly opened and closed without his hearing it. Then a low cough brought him out of his abstraction. He turned and gazed at the intruder. The man he saw standing near the door in the semi-darkness was about his own age--that is to say, somewhat over forty years. He was dressed in shabby clothes that seemed a trifle too large for him. A slouch Hat was pulled down over his eyes. His right hand was thrust in the side pocket of his coat. Even in that subdued light the gleam of triumph in his eyes was only too ap- parent. Judge Lathrop stared at him blankly without moving a muscle. "Well, Judge," said the man with a short, hard laugh, "can you place me?" "We've met before, then?" asked the Judge calmly. "Met before? That's good!" The man chuckled evilly. "You bet your life we met before !" "Then I beg your pardon. You see, you're standing in the shadow. If you'd be good enough to turn that switch--" The man eyed him distrustfully. "None of your tricks, now!" "The switch is directly behind you. You can find it without turning," the Judge went on in an even voice. Without removing his eyes from Judge Lathrop, the man groped for the switch, found it, and flooded the room with light. Then he pushed his hat back and planted himself brazenly be- fore the Judge, a sneering smile on his lips. "Maybe you remember me now!" The Judge looked him over carefully and coolly and as he turned away his eyes a look of contempt spread over his face. "Humph! Jack Dodd, I believe you call yourself. A cheap crook, a low- down thief--scum of the earth!" Sudden anger flared up in the man's eyes. "You be damned careful what you say!" he said between clenched teeth. "Five years ago I sentenced you to ten years imprisonment," continued the Judge, as if be had not heard. "Yes," hissed the man, "and I swore then if I ever got the chance I'd get you--and get you good!" "I suppose you escaped from jail." "You suppose right. And I got these duds--well, never mind where I got them. Hell, we're wastin' time. I come here to get even with you, you dog!" The Judge folded his hands and smiled. "I hope you brought a revolver." He spoke anxiously. The man stared at him a moment, and then brought an automatic out of his coat pocket. 44 