Exterior to the Evidence 69 he, whose first crooked job this prob- ably was, had forgotten to destroy the results of his practice!" "The unexpected!" muttered Mar- rows. "Will come in!--many an in- stance of it!" "I was certain I was on the right track then," Weathershaw went on. "And the next thing to do was to find out all I could about Madgwick. It would never have done to do this my- self--I couldn't go openly, or, indeed, in any way, about Lithersdale. So I telephoned to my office in Manchester for an assistant of mine, Mr. Hartley, who's very clever at making himself up as a working man. I told Hartley to join me in Hallithwaite at once. And in the meantime, while I waited for him in the town, I went round the locksmiths there--working locksmiths, you know, some nine or ten of them--to try to find out if Madgwick had had a key made by one of their number. I hit on the man at the end of my round, a man named Nicholson, in Back Lane. I had to tell him who I was and what I was after before I could get any informa- tion from him, but he gave it freely in the end." Weathershaw held up the key which Etherton had handed over, and profess- ing to look at it, glanced at the man on the lounge. Sir John's cigar had gone out, but as yet Weathershaw saw no sign of fear or of anxiety in his face. "Nicholson," continued Weather- shaw, "made a duplicate of this key for Madgwick not so very long ago. Madg- wick went to him with a pencil sketch of a key and asked him if he could make a key from it. He said it was for Mr. Etherton. Nicholson made a key from the drawing. Madgwick took that key back twice, to be filed at one or two points. He called again, said the key was then all right, and paid for it." "Bless me!" said Etherton. "Couldn't have believed it I" "But now," Weathershaw went on, "I had to think out the probable course of events. I'd no doubt that Madgwick had looked over your machine carefully. But I know that a man can't get at the secret of a machine by seeing a model. And Madwick wanted more--he wanted the papers!--the drawings, the specifications. Now, I had a theory. It occurred to me that possibly Madgwick was in collusion with Pike. Now Pike, as I had learned, had been present, hid- den behind a curtain, at the interview between you, Mr. Etherton, and Sir Cheville Stanbury, and had probably heard your talk about the machine and, further, had heard you say that you would give your papers to Sir Cheville to look through. I figured that Pike had told Madgwick of this, and that the two, knowing Sir Cheville's habits very intimately, had agreed to waylay him on his way home, and to take the papers from him. That was my theory, up to a certain time this evening." Weathershaw paused for a moment --to take a mouthful from the glass which Etherton had placed before him on his first entrance. His movement seemed to remind Sir John Arncliffe that he, too, had a glass near him; as if mechanically, he took it up, drained its contents, and then sat, empty glass in hand, staring at Weathershaw as the agent resumed his story. "At that point," continued Weather- shaw, "my man Hartley arrived, dressed like a respectable artisan. I gave him certain information and in- structions, and sent him on to Lithers- dale, where, in the role of a man seek- ing lodgings, he was to go to Marriner's Fold and see if he could find out any- thing at all about Madgwick's move- ments. In company with Mr. Sindal, I followed Hartley to the village, later. He came to me at the Stanbury Arms, and told me that he'd had the best of luck already. He'd gone to Mrs. Bee- 