The Monolith Hotel Mystery 49 out for yourself. Get me? Well, I happened to be at the front door when this guy Henderson left, and was lucky enough to see which taxi he picked out. 'Slimy' Foley, who's always hanging around here, was the chauffeur, and he's probably out there now, unless his trip with Henderson was a long one. Dig Foley up and you ought to get on that murderer's trail in no time." "Thanks. That's good dope," whis- pered O'Donohue; then, in a louder tone, for the benefit of the loungers in the lobby, "Call up the precinct, Spen- cer. It's their job. Good-night." And he walked off. II The late editions of the morning pa- pers carried brief reports of the "Mono- lith Mystery." The victim's identity had been established. She was a guest of the hotel, Mrs. Kenneth Johnson, who, with her husband, occupied suite 819. Johnson, it appeared, was down in the writing-room on the mezzanine floor and had known nothing of the tragedy until long after the discovery of the body. The accounts concluded with the statement that Detective Desmond, of the West Forty-seventh Street Station,-, was trying to locate Henderson and had several clues as to his whereabouts. But the afternoon journals carried scareheads narrating the unusual sleuth- ing of Marty O'Donohue, of Headquar- ters. O'Donohue, it appeared, had dropped into the hotel by accident and, learning of the murder, decided to in- stitute an immediate search for the fugi- tive while the trail .was still hot. Scout- ing around, he found a taxi driver who had taken a fare from the Monolith at about 11 P.M., and left him at the Grand Central Station. Most luckily the chauffeur--his name was Foley--re- membered that the red cap who had taken the passenger's baggage was a black individual known as "Limpy Sam." "Limpy," it developed, had gone with the man to the ticket office, and re- called that he had purchased a ticket and Pullman accommodations on the 11:20 express for Buffalo. Also, an ad- ditional piece of luck, "Limpy" was ready to swear that the berth was lower 7 in car 11. This was not surprising, for "Limpy Sam," being a devotee of craps, would naturally remember the "lucky numbers." The train had departed long before O'Donohue arrived at the station, but the detective acted with promptness and intelligent decision. He got the Albany police on the long-distance telephone and the suspect was dragged from his berth, handcuffed and led to a cell. O'Donohue hustled up to Albany on the early morning newspaper train, claimed his prisoner and got back to New York with him by noon. The District Attorney, then in office, saw a chance to make a grandstand play. Too long had the people spoke in praise of "Jersey justice." The Monolith case was clear-cut and conclusive. It af- forded a chance to establish a new rec- ord. So, while the prisoner was being arraigned in a police court on a short affidavit, the necessary witnesses were taken before the grand jury, then in ses- sion, and Daniel Henderson, indicted for murder in the first degree, was in the Tombs awaiting trial, less than eighteen hours after the body of his victim had been discovered. It was the day of days for Marty O'Donohue and the District Attorney. Everybody forgot about Detective Des- mond, and it was not known that he waS still busily engaged on the case, a prob- lem that, to all appearances, had been most brilliantly cleared up. The only person who did waste any thought on the energetic precinct detective was "Big Jim" Mahoney, the captain at that time in command at West Forty-seventh B.M.--Aug.--4 