94 His Thirteenth Wife together beautifully, and Bruckner thanked his stars that the woman did not desire him to be eternally compli- menting and petting her. Her sole aim was his comfort, and never in all of his thirteen marital ventures had he lived so pleasantly and contentedly. It almost seemed a shame to terminate such an ideal arrangement. In fact, it would be little short of a crime. IV But just as he knew he would, Bruck- ner reverted to type. He simply could not resist the temptation to kill the woman. She did not annoy him. He had nothing against her, and he did not wish her money. Just the same he wanted to kill her, and he wanted to do it in some new and original way. For days he thought it over, and grew more perplexed with the passage of the time. He could not sleep at night, and he found himself nervous and rest- less. His appetite began to fail--a con- dition unheard of before--and even his pipe and tobacco failed to solace him. Once or twice he wondered whether it would not be wise if he went out and got drunk. He vetoed that idea, how- ever, for he had always made it a rule to keep his head clear and his brain unfuddled. Drunken men and women, Bruckner always said, are inclined to talk too much--and he was a man of silence. Besides, the hooch lately avail- able, had, in cases, proved fatal. During all of his meditation and per- plexity, Mrs. Bruckner remained in blissful ignorance of the thing which was troubling him. It was true that she seemed to suspect that something was wrong, but when she pressed for an explanation, he naturally put her off. She appeared to be alarmed about his health, and was constantly urging him to go and consult a physician. He flatly refused, and told her he had never been sick in his life. Of course he knew what was the matter, and also knew very well that no physician's prescrip- tion would cure his ailment. His wife made more frequent trips to the little village, and even went to New York to bring back dainty viands to tempt his appetite. Apparently her sole ambition in life was to prepare a dish that would tickle his palate, and Brucknef was not without some appre- ciation of her kindness and concern. At times, he almost resolved to put away his idea and let the woman live. But impatience to have it over with, and to be at peace with the world, mastered him at last. His intentions crystallized into action on the morning when she announced her intention of going over to Calder's Point to attend a pinochle party. Bruckner never played cards and said that he would not go. However, he even urged that she indulge in this pleasant diversion. 'You stay around me too much," he pressed her tenderly. 'You're wearing yourself out looking after my health. Stop worrying, and have a good time while you may--I mean while you're still young and have your health," he added, realizing that he had almost made an unfortunate slip. "All right, I will--if you really don't mind," she agreed, and explained that the party would occur on the following Monday night. She proposed to take the motorboat over, leaving at seven o'clock; remain for the night, and chug- chug back again the following morning. Bruckner was delighted. A sudden inspiration had plunged him into an ecstasy of joy. At last--like a bolt from the blue--he had hit upon a plan to do away with the woman. It was entirely possible that the thing had been done before, but it was new with Bruck- ner. It could not possibly savor of design and it would happen while she was 