26 The Phantom Check Up till the noon hour nothing out of the ordinary happened. An assistant, one Dykes, relieved Hackett for the coming hour and to him Cheever re- peated the instructions already given to his predecessor. President Wines de- cided to imitate the detective as to luncheon that day and presently joined him in the directors' room. "Anything of importance ?" he asked. "Not yet, Mr. Wines," Cheever an- swered, "but remember that the day is still young." Soon after, Dykes knocked at the door and passed in a dozen or so checks. Cheever with methodical exactness be- gan lining the bits of paper across the table, but paused abruptly at the fifth check. There was nothing about it to attract attention aside from the amount, five thousand dollars, and even that was not unusual for teller number one to handle every day. But the moment the detec- tive read the name appended to the check, Wines, who was watching his every move attentively, noted that he suddenly gripped the table with his free hand until the knuckles showed white through the brown skin. "What is it, Mr. Cheever?" he asked quickly, but the detective instead of answering countered with another ques- tion. "Know him?" he shot back. "Oh yes," Wines answered, somewhat puzzled by the abrupt interrogation. "What do you find--" But again Cheever cut him off. "What do you know about him, Mr. Wines," he demanded. "Give me facts, not fancies, remember." The President, somewhat ruffled, an- swered just a little stiffly. "He is one of our largest individual depositors and deals in real estate largely, though I believe in a modest way buys and sells stocks and bonds." "Know him long?" "Three months possibly, Mr. Cheever, though I fail to see--" "You will presently," the detective grunted. "See what?" the other queried. "The end of a perfect day," Cheever answered shortly. Then he handed the check to the now thoroughly perplexed President with this surprising injunction. "Put that away in your desk, Mr. Wines, in a very private drawer, and lock it up. Also don't let anybody see you put it away." As the dazed banker started to obey, the detective stopped him to add: "And I want to see the bank detective at once." "He's in the lobby, I think," Wines replied. "I'll send him in." When teller Number One returned from lunch Cheever met him at the door of his cage. "I'm going to work in the back of your little shop this afternoon, Hackett," he informed the teller. "I'll be pretending to check over some figures or other, but in reality, Hackett, I'll be listening to your chatter at the window. Get me?" "I don't know that I do entirely," Hackett admitted frankly. "You will, presently at any rate," the detective assured him grimly. "And now Hackett, one thing more. Talk loud enough for me to hear everything, and don't let any customer leave the window without pronouncing his name loud enough so that I can hear it distinctly Cheever busied himself in the back of the cage, while the mystified teller turned to his duties at the counter. But while the detective checked and re- checked phantom errors, he was listen- ing with alert intentness to the bits of conversation that floated back to him. "What's my balance, Mr. Hackett?" a man inquired presently. "I'm going over to Prescott this afternoon to pick up a block of city improvement bonds 