MISDEAL 25    have calmed a little but his face grew hard.  "Ford, you've played lots of dirty, mean tricks in the last two years, but I never figgered you was an out an' out liar and crook!"  Ford Harrell's florid face went redder. His thick neck seemed to swell with anger.  We better go outside," he said. "There's no use messin' up a clean kitchen."  Millie laid a hand on his arm. It stopped his path to the door, but none of the rigid- ity went out of the set of his shoulders.  "Most men tell a lie every now and then, Walt," the girl put in mildly. "What's this one of Dad's that's got you so het up?"  "He lied to Lucky Jim about that school land bill. They didn't take Townships 18 and 19 out of it!"  "That's a damned lie!" Ford Harrell said violently. "I made the motion to strike out them my- self, and there weren't a dozen votes against it!"  The very violence of his denial was somehow convincing. Walt Carmack flipped the newspa- per open on the table.  "Read that!" he said, pointing with his forefinger. "It's a notice of public sale of certain school lands in the state--includ- ing the school sections Lucky Jim leases! It'll take eight sections of land right out of the middle of our range--and the only two good permanent springs on the whole place!"  Ford Harrell read the long notice unbe- lievingly, then through once again.  "Well, I'll be damned!" he said slowly, and scratched his head. "That's what it says all right! But I know that bill was passed with these Townships 18 and 19 cut out. I know it, I tell you! I'm no fool-- an' I'm no liar either!"  The man was either a good actor, or he was telling the truth. The anger slowly faded out of Walt Carmack's eyes. "It's probably a newspaper misprint," Millie Harrell said sensibly. "Whoever   In the First March Number Journey to Ozone A Rangeland Novel By Frank C. Robertson     fixed up that copy and sent it to the paper must have somehow got ahold of the orig- inal bill instead of the one that was passed."  "It's no misprint," Walt said grimly. "Somebody went to too much trouble to keep us from seein' this notice for it to be that kind of a misdeal."  Ford Harrell scratched his head again. "I can't figger it'out," he said.  Walt looked at the chunky foreman. "I think I can," he said slowly. "Ford, if you're tellin' it straight--an' I can check up on that later an' find out if you ain't-- that bill must have been doctored by some- body after it was passed--but before it was signed by the speaker of the House, the president of the Senate and the gov- ernor. You passed it on the last day 'long with several others --an' probably none of them took time to read each bill through before he signed."  Ford Harrell shrugged.  "Well, I can't see as much harm's done. If that's the case all they'll have to do is check over the minutes of the Legislature or ask any- body who was there."  Walt gave him a straight, hard look. "Remember that story Lucky Jim likes to tell about the clerk of the Legislature who made a little mistake in a bill some years ago so that it read 'A measure to regulate the butchering of dogs'--instead of hogs? The Supreme Court held then that nobody had authority to go behind the signed and engrossed bill to correct it."  Ford Harrell looked fussed and as de- fensive as if he had been accused again. He rammed his hands fiercely down in his pockets. "Yeah, I remember it!"  Walt looked at Lucy. "Lucy, just how well do you know Clark Bowles?"  The girl's face was white and guilty looking. "I--why I--I've known him all my life. He lived next door. We were