MISDEAL 21    Old Lucky saw his troubled look and misunderstood it. He thumped his shoul- der again.  "You get along with Ford somehow un- til I get back. I'll whittle on him then, an' I'll make him see reason or I'll knock his stubborn block off."  Walt shook his head and smiled. "Don't worry about Ford. I can take anything he can dish out."  CHAPTER V  MAIL for the Lucky Diamond was deliv- ered in one little tin mail box about a mile from the house. The mail carrier had a long daily circuit to make and he came early.  Because Millie Harrell was the quick, capable sort of girl who never seemed to need or even want another woman in the kitchen, Lucy McAdams had gotten into the habit of walking down to the mailbox before breakfast. By so doing she had made a firm friend of old Lucky Jim. He liked his daily paper with his breakfast. For years he had walked down to the mailbox himself, but now that he was old- er, he found he didn't often have the en- ergy. Although he kept about the hands working for him, he was the kind of a man who wouldn't think of sending one of them to do what he considered a trivial personal errand.  This morning Lucy had gotten up a lit- tle earlier than usual. Lucky Jim was leav- ing today for Mexico, but probably he would still have time to read the paper with his breakfast.  Outside the air was clear and sweet and still. A big white rooster stuck his bright red comb out of the hen house door and greeted first the sunrise, then her. The big bay the girl had often seen Walt Carmack ride shoved his satiny nose over the corral fence and nickered softly. This reminder of Walt Carmack took away some of the brightness of the morning for her, but she stepped out briskly, determined not to think any more about him. Cer- tainly she wasn't going to let the memory     of the hurt she had inflicted spoil the whole summer on the ranch for her.  She honestly hadn't suspected until the day Billy was killed, that she was any- thing more to Walt Carmack than just another girl to tease. But what she had seen in his eyes for a moment on the porch that day had frightened her. The way she had hurt inside afterward had frightened her too. She had come within an inch of packing up and going back home the next day. But somehow she hadn't.  And of course that would have been foolish. Walt Carmack wasn't like Clark Bowles. Walt had kept his distance since then. When he had to talk to her he was carefully polite. He didn't tease her any more. If he had ever loved her, she had certainly killed that love. And as for her- self--maybe she had been just on the verge of falling a little bit in love with him, but that was over now too. It was really easy to keep from falling in love if a girl would just use her head.  But thinking about it, arguing it all over with herself, wasn't making her feel any better now. She stepped along a lit- tle brisker, threw back her head and drew in deep breaths of the crisp air. Sometimes that helped.  A half-mile away she saw the mail car- rier in his droop-sided, rickety buggy pull up to the mailbox. He had the packet of mail for the Lucky Diamond all ready, and the next minute his long-necked dun jiggle- jogged on down the road.  A moment later--and Lucy never could figure out why she hadn't seen him before, because he must have been in plain sight all the time--a horseback figure loped out of the partial shadow of a couple of big cottonwoods in the draw below the mail- box. He was riding a fast, big black, and except that he wore an extraordinarily large black stetson, he looked at that dis- tance like any of the Lucky Diamond punchers.  For the moment she saw nothing par- ticularly unusual about his actions. Then she saw the red bandanna over his face and remembered the mysterious rider who had killed Billy Gamel. She stopped dead in her tracks. Her knees started shaking