106 L. ERNENWEIN   "Alex Engle. He's in town with my father, Jules Larson."  Rennevant chuckled. Fate, he reflected, was still playing tricks. He said, "You don't owe me any thanks, ma'am. Your father's warning probably saved my life a couple hours ago."  "How strange," Mrs. Engle exclaimed, then added reverently, "Providence must have had a hand in it."  "Mebbeso," Rennevant mused and glancing at Hallmark, saw that his boots were moving.  Those boots, he noticed then, were brand new; so new their soles were scarcely marked at all. New, high-heeled boots with fancy stitching and stiff, unscuffed soles....  A kind of brutal anticipation took hold of him as he watched the Double D ramrod regain consciousness. It replaced the ur- gent need for conflict in him, the need Hall- mark had cheated by refusing to fight.  Turning to Mrs. Engle he said, "You'd better go into the house and stay there until your husband returns, ma'am. And if any Double D riders come asking about Whitey, just tell them he rode off with a galoot named Steve Rennevant."  Then, as Hallmark got slowly to his feet, Rennevant walked over to him and said savagely, "Fork your bronco, Romeo, we're taking a little pasear."  "Where to?" Hallmark demanded.  "To the Double D," Rennevant mut- tered, "or in that general direction."  Then he shoved Hallmark toward his bronc.  CHAPTER XI Drifter's Dream  TWO miles northwest of Engle's homestead Renne- vant called an order to Whitey Hallmark who rode directly ahead of him: "Get down."  This was a rock-studded strip of table- land hemmed in on all sides by rearing, wooded hills and far enough from the cat- tle trail so there'd be no likelihood of meet- ing Double D riders. It suited Rennevant's purpose perfectly.     Hallmark's bashed nose was still bleed- ing. He kept wiping it on his sleeve, smear- ing blood across his swollen jaw. "What you aimin' to do?" he demanded thickly through puffed, broken lips.  Rennevant ignored the question. He said, "Turn around," and when Whitey hesi- tated, knocked him around with a jolt on the shoulder.  "I didn't do nothin' but kiss her," Hall- mark whined. "I wasn't plannin' her no harm."  "You got paid off for that at the home- stead." Rennevant said, tying Hallmark's hands securely behind him. "This is some- thing else, Whitey. This is to show you how a horse feels with two nail-punctured feet."  That silenced the Double D foreman, bringing no denial. But when Rennevant unbridled Hallmark's horse and shooed it off with a slap on the rump, the scar-faced rider blurted: "It's eighteen miles to Dou- ble D!"  "Yeah," Rennevant grunted and getting into saddle, slacked out a few feet of rope.  "You figgerin' to make me walk it?" Hallmark demanded.  "Yeah," Rennevant said again. "Move on."  "But I'm wearin' new' boots," Whitey complained. "This is the first time I wore 'em."  "So I noticed," Rennevant acknowl- edged, and when Hallmark stubbornly re- fused to move, touched spurs to his mount.  The roan lunged forward. The rope snapped taut, Whitey Hallmark yelped. But he didn't go down. He ran behind the roan like a well broke pack horse. . . .  That was the way it started, this strange pasear toward Double D. And although Rennevant soon pulled the bronc down to a walk, there was no stopping for rests, nor for water at occasional gullies, nor for a looksee on the many ridges they topped. Steadily and silently, except for the one time he inquired the direction of Double D, Rennevant rode northward. And be- cause Whitey Hallmark had a rider's fren- zied fear of being dragged to death, he walked fast enough to keep a margin of slack in the rope. Walked, and limped, and finally shambled like a sore-footed steer. Mile after mile, until each staggering step