L. ERNENWEIN    WORLD'S lARGEST DENTAL PLATE MAKERS Now mm by Mail $9.95 FALSE TEETH Transparent roof Roofless Partial On 60 Days' Trial! from Our Laboratory Direct to You! Dental Plates made to measure- Indi-vidually- by MAIL. Take own impression at home. Over 100,000 men &amp; women wear teeth we made. MONEY-BACK GUARANTEED SEND NO MONEY! FREE Impression Material, Infor-mation, Catalog, Low Prices. United States Dental Co. 1555 Milwaukee Ave., Dept. 2-13 Chicago, ILL.   don't WORRY about Rupture Why put up with years of needless discomfort and worry? Try a Brooks Auto-matic Air Cushion. This marvelous applicance per-mits the opening to close, yet holds reducible rupture securely, comfortably- day and night. Thousands report amazing results: Light, neat-fitting. No hard pads or stiff springs to chafe or gouge. Made for men, women and children. Durable, cheap, Sent on trial to prove it. Never sold in stores. Beware of imitations. Write for Free Books on Rupture, no-risk trial order plan, and proof of results. All correspondence confidencial. Brooks Company, 152-F State St., Marshall, Mich.   Asthma Mucus Loosened First Day For Thousands of Sufferers Choking, gasping, wheezing spasms of Bronchial Asthma ruin sleep and energy. Ingredients in the perscription Mendaco quickly circulate through the blood and commonly help loosen the thick strangling mucus the first day, thus aiding nature in palliating the ter-rible recurring choking spasms, and in pro-moting freer breathing and restful sleep. Mendaco is not a smoke, dope, or injection. Just pleasant, tasteless pal-liating tablets that have helped thousands of sufferers. Iron clad guarantee- money back un- less completely satisfactory. Ask your druggist for Mendaco today.   "Facts about EPILEPSY" This most interesting and helpful Booklet will be mailed to anyone while the supply lasts. I will send a free copy to anyone who writes for it. C.M. Simpson Address Dept. F-21, 1840 W. 44th Street, Cleveland, Ohio   INVENTORS Take prompt steps to protect your invention. Delays are dangerous. Get new FREE book, "Protect, Finance, and Sell Your Invention" and "Invention Record" form. Preliminary information free. Reasonable fees. Conscientious cousel. Easy payment plan. Learn how to protect and see your invention. Write us today. McMorrow &amp; Berman Registered Patent Attorneys 129-X Albee Building Washington 5, D.C.      No, there was no peace here. Just a temporary hush before the storm. Just a little time for playing with puppies on shaded stoops. ...  Riding on down the slope, Rennevant skirted a meadow where cattle grazed. Instinctively checking their brands he saw a lot of Double D's, a few Y Drags, Pot Hooks, and some AE Connected which he guessed was Alex Engle's brand. The Pool cattle were mostly cows and calves; but the Double D's were all big steers with vented brands--the unreadable "bug" brands of Old Mexico. That meant they'd been brought across the Line, honestly or otherwise.  Recalling what Anne had told him about Anvil making a wide wedge between the Homestead Hills and the Border, Renne- vant toyed with the suspicion that Diamond Dan Bannerman might want Anvil for something besides extra graze. If he was dealing with Mexican cattle thieves, this wedge of range would be priceless.  Rennevant was thinking about that when Turk Gallego stepped from behind a wind- fall with a leveled gun in his hand and said quietly, almost whisperingly: "Don't do anything foolish, friend. "  Cursing himself for a careless fool, Ren- nevant eyed Gallego intently, wondering if Shumway and Haggin were nearby. If they weren't too close there might be a chance to ride this little man down, for he was less than five feet away.  But even as Rennevant made ready to jab spurs to the roan, Gallego said softly. "Don't do it, friend."  He came all the way out of the windfall, the reins of his bronc looped over his left arm. He eased off to one side, keeping his sharp eyes on Rennevant every' instant, not lowering the gun nor relaxing the menace of its aimed muzzle.  There was a strangeness to this, and it tugged at the fringes of Rennevant's mind. Gallego could have ambushed him easily, without risk to himself. Right now he could release the gun's hammer and be positive its slug would slam through the Durham sack in Rennevant's shirt pocket. But Turk Gallego was waiting. For what?   108 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements