MISDEAL 13    been called to Santa Fe for several weeks, as representative for the county, to attend a special session of the State Legislature called by the Governor to attend to a score of legislative chores it had neglected to fin- ish in the regular January session. Among these was an emergency authorization for the sale of certain public school lands whose revenue from leases seemed to be less than could be secured by selling the lands and investing the money in certain high interest bonds now available.  During Harrell's absence some of the ranch management had naturally gravitated into Walt Carmack's hands, and it hadn't helped the foreman's temper any, on those Sundays when he came home, to find that things on the ranch rocked along on a pretty even keel without him.  After a persistent year-long courtship Billy Gamel had begun to make some prog- ress with Millie Harrell. But in these few weeks Walt Carmack made none whatever, that he could see, with Lucy McAdams. Which hadn't bothered Walt much so far. Lucy was a pretty girl--fun to dance with, ride with, and tease--but that queer, cold self-restraint that she kept her heart locked up in, held him at arm's length. And until he found out whether there was really a warm, lovable girl inside that shell, he aimed to stay that way. If he had been really serious he would have had plenty of competition to worry about, particularly Gene Chipman who had the time and money and charm to sweep most any girl off her feet. And Gene seemed bent on doing just that.  For a while young Clark Bowles had hung around the ranch a lot. Apparently inclined to shiftlessness, when he was sober he was a good-natured kid with a certain breezy charm that made him popular in the bunkhouse. But Ford Harrell and Walt Carmack, for once seeing eye to eye, had perceived how uncomfortable his continued presence made Lucy McAdams, so when the regular chief clerk of the legislature got sick, they managed to get old Lucky Jim Sanderson and Gene Chipman to pull a few political wires that landed the temporary job for the kid.  Now the temporary truce over, Ford Harrell had come home from Santa Fe for     the week-end tired and irritable. He had gone into a froth of rage on learning that a bad wire cut on one of his favorite saddle horses had somehow gone unnoticed and undoctored long enough for the wound to become infected and that the horse had had to be shot.  The full weight of his wrath had fallen unjustly on Walt Carmack's head, and he had wound up by sending Billy and Walt off to a "boar's nest" camp on a distant cor- ner of the range for a whole month of fenc- ing and windmill work.  Billy Gamel was taking out his bad tem- per swearing at the balky pack mule he was leading.  "A whole damn month!" he grumbled at Walt Carmack's broad shoulders ahead of him on the trail. "A month stuck way back here with the hoot owls, diggin' post-holes, polin' up corrals an' fixin windmills. If I was ol' Lucky's grandson, damn if I wouldn't try to do a little better by my friends. Course I know you just love to dig post-holes!"  Walt slid sideways in the saddle and grinned back at the disgruntled red head.  "Afraid maybe Millie will of forgot you in a month?"  "I know damn well she will," Billy said sourly. "An' she'll have plenty of help doin' it. Now you ain't got nothin' to worry about. You don't care if the pretty school- marm does marry Gene Chipman one of these days."  Walt's grin went a little wry.  "I can't do myself any more harm by leavin' than I already done by hangin' around," he admitted dryly. "She thinks I'm light-minded--an' she sure don't like my bettin'. Damn if I understand women," he went on savagely. "You an' I been work- in' harder than any other four men on the ranch--an' Gene's been spending half his time lately sittin' around listenin' to her play the piano--an' yet she holds him up to me as a model of industry and propriety!"  They had reached the crest of a wide, flat-topped mesa. Billy spurred his horse and yanked on the pack mule's rope. The two men rode side by side for a few minutes without speaking, each nursing his own private sour thoughts.  Then Walt pulled a deck of cards from