54 RICHARD WORTHINGTON    choked on the question, and Rance seemed not to hear her.  "I know. I'm awful sorry, Julie." The bigness of having cut himself off from his family seemed to be all that he could take in. "Julie, listen!"  She made herself say it then, slowly, and with a terrible distinctness. "Did you kill him. Rance?"  His eyes turned hard and clear. "I heard he was shot in the back, Julie," he said, softly, as if that was his only answer.  "Rance, I--I have to hear you say it right out. Don't you see how it must look?" Her voice rose shakily. "I left you there --where he was found. You were angry. You--"  A shadow moved across the ground be- tween them and she was staring up into Brade's face. "So it was Rance," he said quietly, vindictively. He swept Julie aside and caught Rance's shoulder. His fist balled into a knot, and Julie flung herself across his arm. She'd seen Brade split a board with a blow of that fist.  Then somehow the others were there, all of them. Things were moving with the swift unreality of a nightmare. And Brade in that flat, angry tone was accusing Rance of killing Jess. "I heard Julie say it."  "No--no, you didn't. I never--" Her dazed protest was lost in the angry shout that went up. Jonas lunged forward, his fingers hooked out to grab Rance's throat.  "It don't take much rope to hang a back- shooter," he said bitterly. "What're we waitin' for?"  "Hold on," Grampa Jarrett commanded. "He'll keep. Right now we got somethin' to worry about more important even than Jess. Phil and me's just been down to the crick. It's gone bone-dry. If we don't get that herd watered somehow, we're goin' to lose every last head."  Rance shook himself free of Jonas' hands. "That crick never ran dry," he said. "My --my people blocked it up, turned it out of the channel. That's what I came up here to tell you. I don't fight with dumb crit- ters." His mouth squared. "And I don't shoot a man in the back."  "Looks like you came a little late," Grampa Jarrett said stiffly.  "I didn't know about it until just now.     But I know where the block is and how you can get at it to blast it loose."  "He's lying," Brade said. "Julie musta told him how much that herd counted to us. That it was sell it or quit. And that's why they done it. Only reason he came up here likely was to find out anythin' else he could that might do us a hurt."  Rance lunged forward, his fists swinging. But Jonas and Phil shoved him back. "You better show us quick," Grampa said. "I don't know as I've mind to hold the boys back much longer."  "I'll show you," Rance said wearily. "You can slide down that gully there by the south corner of the mesa. It's right at the bottom they got the stream blocked off."  When they got there and moved to the mesa rim, a shot spat out from below. "They're waitin' for us!" Brade shouted, and warned the others back. "The whole thing was just a trick to get us inside their rifle sights."  Peering cautiously over the edge, they could see where a fall of boulders damned the creek, sending its waters to spill out over the rocky ground, shutting it off from the lowlands where the herd was pastured on the mesa's lowest slope. They could see it. But with MacAllister guns trained on every inch of that all-but-naked incline, they couldn't hope to reach it.  "Get your dynamite," Rance said, sweat shining on his set face. "If you're scared to go down, I'll do it. Mebbe that'll prove I don't want any part of this." His eyes rested for a minute on Julie's face. "Mebbe if they put a bullet in me, you'll know I'm not lying. About this or anything else."  AND so he'd gone, with a defiant shout to his kin below, and a brief last look at Julie. Gone down there between the two groups of guns.  Brade's threat still hung in Julie's ears. The sun shone redly against Julie's half- closed eyelids. Its redness made her think, oddly, of the brasada floor where Jess had lain. Red dust. . . .  Her mind fumbled, groped for something. And then with a quick little intake of breath she found it. She remembered the red dust she had seen on Brade's horse the day Jess had died. Brade hadn't been to town; he'd