52 RICHARD WORTHINGTON    said, gathering her close again. "So fearful small."  Rance was no giant himself, she thought. And in some ways he seemed younger even than she. But there was strength enough in his arms to crush her tight against his chest; and sweetness enough on his mouth to make her feel giddily drunk when he kissed her.  "We got to think about it some, Julie," he said. "About the way our folks keep after each other all the time." His brow clouded over again. And she knew what was troubling him. Being a MacAllister was, always had been, Rance's religion. It was part of his bone and his blood. Even his love for her couldn't shake it out of him completely.  But the smell of the gum trees, even on the dusty wind, was sweet and sassy; the sun was bright and warm; and Julie felt strong and confident. "We can't let it be bigger than we are, Rance. We count for something too. We've got to beat it, some way."  There were times, though, when Rance didn't seem minded to beat it. When all he expected of Julie was her complete surren- der. And it was all very well to feel so strong and sure when Rance had his arms around her; but she couldn't always be in his arms and when she wasn't, she couldn't ignore the hateful thing between their fam- ilies that seemed bent on overpowering them and on destroying everything that she and Rance shared between them.  THE blasting heat, day by day, sucked the life from the ground, turned the cotton- wood leaves to paper dry- ness, dried the patience and kindness from men's tem- pers. Julie felt the tension in the air.  Things got worse instead of better. Jess Jarrett and Tim MacAllister had a brawl on Caliber's main street. There were brok- en MacAllister fences. Things were making for a head. Julie could feel it in her bones, and the dread inside of her grew and grew. Not even the swift, broken meetings with Rance in the brasada could hold it in check. For Rance and she were as apt to quarrel now as kiss, and the quarrel was always     the same. And Julie grew more afraid.  Then one day, the sharp-eyed Jess who never missed anything saw Julie and Rance together and told Brade about it. Brade was furious. Julie had never seen the con- trolled strength of him slip so nearly out of harness. He caught her by the arms and shook her. He stormed at her, his eyes fierce and ink-black in their anger.  "Stop it, Brade," she cried, shaking her- self free. "You have no right. This has nothing to do with you."  "It has," he raged. "I'm as much a Jarrett as any of you. And some day, you and I are--well, we're going to be the Jarretts around here. This will be ours, Julie, and nobody else's."  His words made no sense, but Julie didn't question them then. Brade was merely ranting in anger. And then his tone changed quickly, softened almost to a whisper and he put his arm around her.  "I love you, Julie, don't you know that? I've loved you ever since I can remember. And sometimes I go nearly loco with want- ing you. Nobody's going to take you from me, hear? Nobody. And 'specially not a MacAllister. Not that Rance--"  She pushed him firmly away from her. "I didn't know you felt like this, Brade, and I'm sorry. Truly. But a person can't take from you something that never was yours."  "I'll make you love me, Julie."  "No, Brade. Not ever."  So now she had Brade to worry about, too. To worry about and fear a little. If she hadn't had Brade on her mind so much, she never would have let that quarrel with Rance run on, bitter and unchecked, the way she did.  But suddenly they were saying mean things to each other, things neither of them meant. Then Julie gripped his arm and said, "Hush, Rance. We mustn't quarrel like this, please."  It was too late, though. The stiffness in Rance wouldn't melt. The temper she'd known and feared in him ever since she could remember flared up and stared at her, naked, out of his narrowed eyes.  "There's no use to quarrel," he told her savagely. "You stop being stubborn."  "But I've told you, Rance, I want our