Motorists Wanted! to Make this UNIQUE Test... of Gas Savings Save for Victory waste not...want not install a vacu-matic gas saver Don't waste gasoline it's a weapon of war up to 30% Gas Savings Car Owners: You are invited to make a gas saving road test with the Vacu-matic on your own car, with the absolute understanding that unless it proves to you that it will save you up to 30% on gas and improve your car perform-ance, the test will cost you nothing. Investigate this remarkable discovery that trims dollars off gasoline bills--gives you worthwhile gas savings--more power-- quicker starting--more miles on less gas. Automatic Supercharge Principle Vacu-matic is entirely different! It operates on the supercharge principle by automatically adding a charge of extra oxygen, drawn free from the outer air, into the heart of the gas mixture. It is entirely automatic and allows the motor to "breathe" at the correct time, opening and closing automatically to save dollars on gas costs. Proven By Test In addition to establishing new mileage records on cars in all sections of the country, the Vacu-matic has proven itself on thousands of road tests and on dyna-mometer tests which duplicate road conditions and record accurate mileage and horse power increases. Fits All Cars--Easy to Install Vacu-matic is constructed of six parts assembled and fused into one unit, adjusted and sealed at the factory. Nothing to regulate. Any motorist can install in ten minutes. The free offer coupon will bring all the facts. Mail it today! The Vacu-matic Co., Wauwatosa, Wit. Sworn Proof of Gas Savings This certifies that I have carefully read 300 original letters received from Vacu-matic users testifying to gas savings up to 30%, many report-ing added power, smoother running, and quicker pick-up. These letters are just a small part of the larger file of enthusiasitic user letters that I saw the the company officese. Signed M[] Notary Public AGENTS Get Yours FREE For Introducing Vacu-matic otters a splendid opportunity for unusual sales and profits. Every car, truck, trac- tor, and motorcycle owner a prospect. Valuable territories now being assigned. If you help us introduce it to a friend, you can obtain your own free. Check and mail coupon today.   SEND THIS COUPON THE VACU-MATIC COMPANY 7617 818 W. Stale St., Wauwatosa, Wis. Please send full particulars about VACU-MATIC, also how I may obtain one for my own car FREE. This does not obligate me in any way. Name Address City.....State □ Check here if interested in Agency Proposition.