DUCK SOUP 81    and drive away. The sheriff can't git here afore an hour. I got it all planned how we can ditch the stuff for a while and fade--"  "I'm not going!"  "Oh yes you are. Pitch in and help load, girl--unless you want some of the same your old man got."  "Keep away from me!"  Puck, flattened on her stomach in the weeds just above the tunnel opening, was petrified with fear. By stretching her neck she could see Docie struggling to free her- self from Coke's grasp. Her face was paper white and her eyes enormous black pools.  "I'm not going. I haven't done any- thing."  "You're one of us. If you didn't know nothin' it's because you was too dumb or too trustin'. Mebbe I better explain," he sneered. "Friends o' mine at the Gold Horn highgraded the stuff and we picked it up at Red Dirt and brought it here. When we'd collected enough, we hauled it out and sold it and nobody knowed but what we'd mined it in this tunnel. Perfect setup. What I can't figure is how the law got onto us." He twisted her arm. "You blabbed to any- one?"  She shook her head.  "You sneaked off one night to see that damn forest ranger. If you told him I'll--" His hand rested on his gun.  "No Coke! No!"  "Sweet on him, huh? Well, I'll fix him when I get time."  "I'll help you load," panted the girl. "I'll go away with you--only don't kill him, Coke!"  Puck had never hated anyone as she hated Coke Blevins right then. If she only had a gun! Docie wasn't a fraud. She was just a slim, frightened girl who hadn't known what her scheming menfolks were up to. And in spite of what she'd said, she loved Tug enough to go away with Coke to save Tug's life. Puck knew this now when it was too late. There wasn't time to go for help. The only weapon she had was a pocket knife. She had to try to save Docie. Maybe if she hurled the open knife with all her might. . . .  She had no chance to try for at that un- lucky moment something crashed through the brush behind her. Something big and     brown and bright-eyed. Joker! He'd busted the lariat again and trailed her. Though she grabbed to catch him, he swerved by her and in a graceful leap cleared the tunnel opening and landed smack in front of Coke.  Coke hauled at his gun, but held fire as he recognized the elk. "That snoopin' kid!" he snarled. "Where is she?"  Puck believed her time had come. Too late she made a desperate break to get away. Coke caught her, dragged her fight- ing and kicking to the tunnel.  "You let that child go!" cried Docie, and struck at him with an old timber.  He dodged. His lips curled in a cruel leer. "I'll let her go, all right--to join Old Man Mitchell. But first she can help load."  "Faster!" harshed Coke, and when Docie faltered, he snarled, "I've changed my mind about wantin' you. You'd only be a nuisance."  That meant he was going to kill Docie too. He'd never leave her and Puck to tell. Of a sudden Puck knew what to do. In her pocket were matches, which she always carried in case she got caught out. If she could throw a lighted match or two into the tinder-dry grass and make a smoke, Tug would see and come busting. Watching her chance, Puck flung one match--two.  COKE, in a hurry, was heaving sacks himself, so at first didn't note the yellow tongues of flame darting through the dry grass and rapid- ly spreading into the brush. Puck stalled for time in every way she could. She dropped sacks, fumbled them, stumbled all over herself, and Docie, catching on, did likewise. Maybe Tug was coming now.  Joker, who had been investigating the tunnel, came snorting out at the smell of smoke. He reared back from the flames that all at once encircled the entrance, then gave a frightened plunge through them, leaving behind the odor of singed hair.  At the same moment Coke discovered the fire and ripped out an oath. The flames in the dry grass had spread to the nearest group of trees, popping and crackling in growing fury. The fierce heat made the three at the tunnel entrance shrink away.