66 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN    startled the boy more. Ronnie's head jerked up and there was stark fear in his eyes. You!" he cried.  "Uh-huh. Small world, isn't it? I'd like change for this twenty." He pushed a goldpiece under the grille.  Ronnie fumbled with the change. "What are you doing in Modoc?"  "Just happened in. On my way to Cali- fornia. How's tricks?"  "Fine. Just fine. You--you're not stay- ing?"  "Long enough to rest up my horses. Still think you can play poker?"  Ronnie flushed. "I'm lucky once in a while."  "Good thing. Fellow in your position's got to watch his step. Me, now, if I han- dled all this dinero, I'm afraid I'd begin to think in five or six figures instead of one or two. . . . Well, I'll be seein' you." He turned away and felt the boy's gaze on him clear to the door.  Outside the bank he shook his head. It was bad--even worse than he had thought. Ronnie was in up to his neck already.  He spent the day roaming about the town, mixing with the men in stores and saloons, saying little and listening much. He got the impression that Ronnie was liked and trusted, although there were a few shaded remarks which gave him to understand that some folk thought the boy was skating on thin ice. That evening he went to Harper's Silver Palace. It was a handsome layout, with a fifty-foot bar, a full quota of girls and all the games of chance from faro and poker to blackjack and roulette. In a little office off one end of the bar he saw Syd Harper seated at a desk working over some papers. Occa- sionally he came to the doorway and looked out over the crowd. He did not see Kent. Presently Ronnie came in, and Bradford quickly lowered his head on his arms as though asleep. He saw the boy glance quickly about him, then go into Syd's office and close the door behind him. . . .  HELLO, Ronnie," greeted Harper. "What's on your mind?"  Ronnie spoke through tight lips. "Do you know that Kent Bradford's in town?"  Harper's eyes flickered. "No, I didn't     know. What's he here for anyway?"  "Said he was on his way to California. Asked me if I still thought I could play poker and said something about a person who handled lots of money getting the habit of thinking in figures of five and six instead of one or two. Syd, do you think he . . . suspects?"  "Why should he? He doesn't know what's been going on."  "Just the same I'm worried. The first of the month is coming and I'm afraid they'll be checking up. I've got to cover that thousand I took until I can return it."  "A changed entry in the right place will do the trick."  Ronnie made a fierce gesture. "But I don't know a thing about bookkeeping. I'd make a botch of it. Syd, you've got to do it for me!"  "You're asking a lot, kid. You'd have to let me in some night--" He shook his head, frowning. "It's too risky."  "But it isn't! I go over occasionally at night to work. I have a key. You could come with me and nobody'd ever know it."  "Then there's the books," went on Syd. "They don't leave them lying around."  "They're in the small safe. I've watched them open it day after day and I've memo- rized the combination. I'll get the books."  Harper appeared to weigh the matter for a moment or two, then shrugged.  "All right. I'll do it for you, Ronnie. Tomorrow night be okay?"  "Yes. The sooner the better."  "Keno. Now how about a little game?"  "Suits me. If only I could get lucky I might win that thousand back from you. Then I could put it back and we wouldn't have to doctor the books. How about a shot from that special bottle of yours?"  V In the Dead of Night  KENT watched the of- fice, uneasiness strong within him. Syd Har- per was working on the boy, getting him deeper in the mire of debt, forcing him closer to the inevitable.