10 ELSA BARKER    foot all summer." Her voice was still cheer- ful and easy, but to Lucy it seemed that some of the warm, rich quality was lacking now. "Miss McAdams--Walt Carmack, Lucky Jim's grandson--and Billy Gamel."  Lucy looked up smiling into a pair of twinkling blue eyes, then into a bright brown pair. She felt her pulse quicken a little. Maybe this idea of tutoring on a ranch wasn't going to be such a bad one after all.  Millie Harrell laid a hand on the tall cowboy's shoulder. "Walt, do me a favor, will you?"  "Sure, Millie."  "Keep out of Dad's way tonight. He's still ringy about those two ribs you got busted for him."  "Heck, what's two busted ribs to get roily about?" Billy Gamel asked cheerfully. "They tell me ol' man Adam lost a couple one time--and look what it got him!"  "Broken ribs, a broken arm, and a cracked head!" Lucy said. "What do you call 'not a speck of trouble'?"  "Not real trouble," the other girl assured her. "I hope."  Red-headed Billy Gamel chuckled. "Ford Harrell an' ol' Walt here, they got into an argument about the best way to pull por- cupine quills out of a bull's nose, Miss McAdams."  Seeing the look of pretty disdain that came over Lucy McAdam's face, Millie Harrell hastened to explain.  "Oh, they didn't fight about it. It was the bull that knocked them around and lamed a good horse for a couple of months. Dad knew how strong and mean tempered that bull was. He knew they ought to drive him in to the corral to handle him. Walt was in a hurry and he wanted to try it out on the range. They flipped a coin to settle the argument--and Walt won."  Billy Gamel chuckled. "He always wins. The lucky son-of-a-gun!"  Millie made a soft, exasperated sounding little exclamation half under her breath. She opened the hand bag she carried over her arm, reached in it, then handed a coin to Billy Gamel.  "This fell out of Walt's pocket during that bull ruckus. Dad found it. Think about it, Billy, the next time Walt wants     to flip a coin for something," she said quiet- ly. "Dad didn't mind having his ribs busted if it was part of the day's work, but he hates to be cheated!"  The twinkle was entirely gone from Walt Carmack's eyes now. "I'm sorry about Ford's ribs, Millie, but that accident or worse could have happened in a corral the same as on the range."  Millie Harrell shrugged her disbelief. Billy Gamel turned the coin she had given him over in his hand. It was a nickel, but with an Indian head on both sides. He sud- denly chuckled, reached out and slapped the taller cowboy between the shoulders so vigorously that Walt Carmack flinched away from him.  "Why, you old son-of-a-gun! So that's how come you got to go ridin' with Millie that Sunday I spent all mornin' groomin' an' shoein' her horse!"  Walt grinned and turned to Lucy. "The music'll be startin' in a minute, Miss Mc- Adams. May I have the first dance?"  Billy nudged him with his shoulder. "Let's flip for it," he suggested shamelessly.  Even Millie Harrell laughed a little. Walt shook his head.  "Draw straws?"  Walt hesitated, then nodded, grinning. "I've got some matches. Wait till I fix 'em."  Lucy McAdams watched them, half amused, half angered at their bland ignoring of her right to choose her own partner. She was still feeling that way about it when, five minutes later, she danced away to the lilting strains of Pretty Baby. She looked up at Walt Carmack.  "You cheated him too," she said accus- ingly. "I saw you. The long one you were holding between your thumb and finger was broken in the middle. Either way he'd draw the short straw!"  Walt looked completely unrepentant. "Why didn't you tell Billy?" he asked mildly.  Lucy stopped dancing abruptly. Her face flushed angrily. "Why you big--" She stopped, floundered helplessly for a mo- ment, then started over. "You're a big, conceited bag of wind! You're a cheat-- and--and you're impudent! If you think I--"