34 ELSA BARKER    cowboy threw a glance over his shoulder at the moon. It was halfway down now.  The man on the gray was far enough ahead that he could easily give Walt the slip once it was dark. If Walt were going to catch him he would have to do it quick.  Walt dug his spurs in a little deeper, leaned low in the saddle and brought the end of his lariat down sharply over the horse's rump. The bay seemed to have been saving an extra little spurt of speed. He stretched his neck and gave it now.  For another moment the distance between the horses seemed to hold, then gradually it lessened. The man ahead tossed a quick shot behind, from under his arm. Walt kept on coming.  But now the light was beginning to dim. Walt estimated the distance between the two horses and judged that he was within sixgun range. Suddenly he yanked the bay to a sliding stop, jumped from the saddle, took a second for a careful aim, and pulled the trigger.  The gray stumbled, went down on one knee. The rider catapulted over his neck, to manage somehow to light squatting, on his feet.  The gray horse was back on his feet the next instant. Walt held his next shot, wait- ing for the man to show behind the snort- ing, lunging horse. Instead of trying to remount, the cowboy saw that the man was headed on a dead run for a cornpatch not more than a dozen steps to his right.  Walt fired again, and saw the man duck lower as he ran. The cowboy swore and pulled his sight down a fraction, but this time when he pulled the trigger it was only at a dim swaying motion within the black leafy shadow of a patch of head-high Mexi- can corn.  A bullet suddenly whistled past Walt's ear. Instinctively he dodged, then dived for the field himself. Another bullet blood- branded the skin of his left arm. Then by stooping a little, he was within the rustling black shelter himself.  The long green ribbons of sharp-edged corn leaves cut at his face like whips as he ran, but he was scarcely aware of the sting. Another bullet cut a cornstalk above his head, and he stopped abruptly.  He took a long breath and listened.     Ahead and off to the right he heard the man crashing through the corn. Walt fired at the sound. The noise stopped--so abruptly that for a long, tense moment he wondered if he had been lucky enough to score a hit. He took a cartridge out of his belt and tossed it a dozen feet to the right. Instantly a shot answered the rustling thud it made.  "Checkmate!" he thought. He eased back on his heels and settled down to a long wait. He swore and then grinned to himself in the darkness. It wouldn't be long until dawn. And when it was light enough to see through the corn this business would be finished--one way or the other.  But presently a breeze rustled through the corn loud enough to drown out any noise of movement. Walt dropped to all fours and started crawling slowly between two rows. Then suddenly somewhere too near for comfort there rose the heart-chill- ing whir-r-r of a rattler. With the instinc- tive reaction of a man born and raised in rattlesnake country, Walt Carmack made a wide, high jump to one side.  Instantly from out of the blackness ahead of him a sixgun blazed. A sudden, searing pain tore through the cowboy's leg as the force of the bullet spun him to the ground. A cornstalk somehow jarred his .45 out of his hand as he fell. In the few precious sec- onds he spent feeling frantically for it, he heard the man crashing off through the corn away from him. When he found the gun again it was too late to shoot, and he knew it.  He lay still for a moment, silently curs- ing his own bad luck, and the pain in his knee. Then he remembered Lucy McAdams crouching alone and frightened in a dark, abandoned cabin with a dead man for com- pany. The cabin was close enough so that she would undoubtedly have heard the shots and be frantic with fear and worry. He must somehow manage to get back to her.  He tried to get to his feet, but the knee gave way with him, and he fell again. In- voluntarily, and because he thought he was alone where no one could hear, he groaned with the sheer, agonizing pain of it.  A soft voice called to him from the edge of the corn behind him. "Walt?"  He sat up, disbelieving his ears. "Lucy! My gosh, girl! What are you doing here?"