Lobo Law  By L. Ernenwein    THE STORY SO FAR"  DEPUTY U. S. MARSHAL STEVE REN- NEVANT, on the trail of the Faro Kid, runs onto wanted WHITEY HALLMARK whom he passes up in the hope that Hallmark will lead him to other crooks. Then, to water his horse, Steve rides into the town of San Sureno, where he learns Hallmark is foreman for DIAMOND DAN BANNERMAN, owner of the Double D, the Border Belle Saloon, and ruth- less and crooked boss of San Sureno.  Bannerman has about ruined the range's former top rancher, JEFF CRUZATTE of the Anvil, and has even tried, unsuccessfully, to court Jeff's blonde and beautiful daughter, ANNE.  Here in town Steve runs into an old friend, a piano-playing gambler, PETE MODESTO, whom t.b. has driven to dealing from the bottom of the deck for Bannerman. Pete admits to Steve that Bannerman has ruined Cruzatte through crooked cards, but on learning that the rancher has gone into the Border Belle to face down Bannerman, begs Steve to get Cruzatte out of there alive.  Because he owes Pete a debt for once having saved his life, and also perhaps for the sake of blonde Anne Cruzatte, Steve goes to the saloon and blocks Bannerman's play. Cruzatte gets out safely, but then the wolves gang up on Steve. Only because Pete, who is watching from a win- dow, throws his watch at a chandelier and puts out the light, is Steve able to escape.  By now Jeff Cruzatie's son, BOB, has come     back, bullet-ridden, from a quest for money to carry on the fight against the Double D. He is put to bed in the Cattle King Hotel run by his fiancee, KATE CARMODY, and is carefully nursed by Kate and Anne.  Steve is now the target for Double D gun- hands, particularly the two most dangerous, TURK GALLEGO and RED HAGGIN. Red is set to ambush him, but Anne's studied greet- ing to the gunman warns Steve. He then walks up to Haggin, saying, "Red, grab--or git!"  Part Two  CHAPTER VIII Kindred Emotions  RENNEVANT'S blunt command seemed to startle Red Haggin, to drive a wedge of inde- cision into him. Re- membering how he'd bullied other men, Anne watched him closely and felt a surge of satisfaction. Steve Rennevant was ramming Red's rep-   96