MISDEAL 17    carefully climbed up the rope himself.  His horse spooked a little when his head appeared suddenly over the rimrock, but when Walt spoke to him he quieted. Then he pulled the wounded cowboy up over the edge. It was slow, hard work, for Billy Gamel was a big man, and Walt's left arm, while it had begun to heal and he could use his fingers, had no strength in it.  He made a bed of sorts for the cowboy where the spotty shadow of a juniper would shade his face for the rest of the after- noon, and forced a few drops of whiskey between his set lips. He put the canteen of water close by his side, where if Billy woke up and wanted it, he would be able to reach it. Then he swung into the saddle again.  CHAPTER IV  THE tall bay's sides were sweat-caked, and his knees shook from weariness when Walt stopped him at the ranch house just over an hour later.  A cowhand who had riden in from work a few minutes early was mending a sad- dle in front of the gear shed. As quickly as he could Walt explained what had hap- pened, and sent him back to the foot of the mesa with a wagon, blankets and stretcher.  Then he went in the house and called the doctor in Cosecha. Dr. Watson was a brisk, businesslike man who didn't ask many questions, and Walt felt a certain tense relief that he didn't have to explain the whole grim accident over again.  Walt's mother had come into the room while he was telephoning. She heard a little, and guessed at more when she saw her son's haggard face, bloodshot eyes and the dried blood caked in his hair. Mrs. Carmack was a small, frail-looking wom- an with big blue eyes and a quick, nervous way of moving and speaking. Her own del- icate health and her husband's recent death had made her over-solicitous toward Walt. She looked at him now with wor- ried eyes.  "Do you intend to go out with Dr. Wat-     son?" she asked, watching him anxiously.  The cowboy nodded.  "Sit down and rest a minute. It'll take him a half-hour at least to get out here. I'll go fix you a cool drink."  When she came back with the drink Walt took it, then gulped it down absent- mindedly and resumed his restless pacing of the room. Presently he dropped wearily in a chair, leaned his head back and rubbed his knuckles over his tired and suddenly foggy eyes. From across the room his mother watched him narrowly without speaking.  Walt heard the wheels of the doctor's buggy when they scraped against the hitch- rack as he pulled his team of lively bays to a stop. The cowboy roused and got up. He staggered a little when he walked, but he made it through the door all right. Out on the porch he suddenly swayed and dropped down in the wide porch swing.  The little doctor hopped nimbly out of his buggy. "Walt hurt too?" he asked.  "He was shot--but not bad I think. I can take care of him. He was dead set on going back with you and he was all in, so I gave him some of my sleeping tablets. I couldn't see any sense in him punishing himself any more."  The doctor shook his head at her. "Walt's a big boy now, dammit! Why don't you let him look after himself?"  Then as her big eyes filled with sensi- tive tears, he patted her shoulder briefly. "I'm sorry, Nellie. I didn't aim to hurt your feelings. Anybody here who can drive out with me? I may want to ride back in the wagon with Billy an' I'd like some- one to drive my team."  Mrs. Carmack hesitated.  "Father's not here. None of the boys are in from work yet, and Millie's in town, I think--but Lucy McAdams is home. I'd hate to send some young girls out on a trip like that, but Lucy seems level-headed."  The doctor nodded. "Thanks, Nellie. Put that boy to bed and when I get back I'll have a look at him."  It was morning when Walt Carmack awoke. The shades on his bedroom win- dows had been drawn to keep out the sun- light. His mother was sitting quietly by his bed watching him. Outside there