74 PAUL EVAN LEHMAN   "But--but-- Good gosh, man, it got me beat! Where's the other one?"  "There was only one thief to begin with."  "There were two. I seen 'em headin' out of Modoc myself."  "There were two riders but only one robber. You see, Ronnie went over to the bank after supper to work. Syd came to the back door and Ronnie, not suspecting a thing, let him in. Syd pulled a gun on him and made him lie down on the floor while he blew the safe. Then he made Ronnie go with him, aimin' to pin the rob- bery on him. Syd, you see, was supposed to be at the Palace."  "He was! I tell you, we seen him there!" "I thought I did, too; but I didn't. The man we saw was Baldy Benson. He used to be an actor, you know. All he had to do was put on a black wig and mustache, touch up his face a bit, and get into a suit of Syd's clothes. Then he could sit there at the desk and look busy, and no matter what happened Syd'd have fifty witnesses who could take oath that he was at the Pal- ace the whole evenin'."  "Well, I'll be!"  Kent told them what had happened at the shack, and there was a moment of aston- ished silence. Then one of them said, "You aim at an innocent man, miss him, and your bullet goes through a partition and kills a guilty one! And you say that's all there was to it. Hell's bells, Bradford, I've heard you spoke of as a man who couldn't miss, and now I believe it! But where's that money hid?"  "Syd came out of the buildin' about fifty yards from here. I reckon if you look hard enough you'll find the hidin' place. Maybe a trap door over an old shaft."  "Let's have that lantern and we'll look for it right now. And then we'll mosey back to Modoc and settle with Mr. Baldy Benson."     "Baldy Benson," said Kent quietly, "is probably far away by now and still makin' plenty tracks."  The man took the lantern, went over and examined the dead Harper, then shook his head and turned to Kent. "Bradford, I've seen you handle your hardware. I'm sayin' right now that the job of Modoc's marshal is yours for the askin'."  "He can't take it!"  It was Ellen who spoke. She was stand- ing now. her head held high and soft lights playing in her eyes. "He's going back to Texas, to a town named Elkhorn, where he's going to be very busy running his father's ranch. And I'm going back there too and take my old job of teaching, if they'll have me."  "Ellen!" said Kent softly.  She returned his warm gaze steadily, a bit of color rising in her cheeks. "And Ronnie," she went on, "is going to stay here in Modoc and keep his job at the bank. Aren't you, Ronnie?"  The boy looked up, jaws set, eyes shin- ing. "You just bet I am!"  The man sighed. "Your two goin' leaves Modoc the loser, but good luck to you. . . . Come on, boys; let's start lookin' for that dinero."  ONE day two months later, Kent rode into Elkhorn and dismounted at the store. As was the case the time when he watched Ellen ride away, he went into the store to make a purchase.  "That weddin' ring I ordered--has it come yet?"  The storekeeper sighed. "Yeah, it's here. Dang you, Kent Bradford! You fetch back our schoolma'am and she just about settles down on the job again when you up and marry her. Too bad. Ellen sure was a good teacher. My kids are crazy about her."     Keep the Axis on the run Buy WAR BONDS and STAMPS