OUR AIR  "Our Air Mail" has for years been running be- tween readers of Ranch Romances and has enabled many people to make worth-while friends. You. may write DRECTLY to anyone whose letter is printed in this department. Remember that all letters should reflect the clean, uholesome spirit of Ranch Romances and contain nothing objection- able. The addresses given are complete. If no country is mentioned, it is the U. S. A. This department is intended only for those who actually uish correspondents. JTe ask you there- fore to refrain from using it as a medium for play- ing jokes and particularly request you do not sign your letters with other people's names. Address letters for publication to "Our Air Mail." Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Ate., New York 22, N. Y.    Call Her Rusty!  Dear Editor: Although I am not lonely. I'd like to hear from lots of people. Writing letters is my favorite pastime and I'll do my best to make them inter- esting. My name is Ruth, but my pals call me Rusty. I'm 17 years of age and have brown hair and eyes. My hobbies are many, and among them are collecting postcards and Western songs. Would enjoy hearing from everyone, but espe- cially rodeo performers and ranch people. Come on. folks, and make my mailbox overflow. RUSTY HILL.  166 Grant Ave., Jersey City, 5, N. J.  Arizona Boy in California  Dear Editor: I'm a 16 year-old boy and have brown eyes and curly black hair. I was born in Arizona, but now live here in California. Would very much like to hear from boys and girls from 14 to 20. My hobbies are collecting postcards and bicycling. Please, write! GILARDO BORBOA  2912 Michigan Ave., Los Angeles, 33, Calif.     Lonely Georgian  Dear Editor: Is there any chance for a lonely girl from Georgia getting a few pen pals? I always get the greatest pleasure from RANCH ROMANCES. I'm 18 years of age, have long brown curly hair and gray eyes. Like horseback riding, basketball and dancing. Please help me in my loneliness. Will answer all letters received. MARIE DAVIS  311 Fernwood Ave., Dalton, Ga.  Shut-In  Dear Editor: I've been a reader of RANCH ROMANCES for years and really think its stories are tops. I am a shut-in at present and would like some pen pals. So come on, folks, between the ages of 30 and 40, fill my mailbox for me. My hobbies are writing letters and collecting stamps. Will answer all letters. GEORGE E. STILL  Tempo San., Tempe. Ariz.  Stranger in Big Town  Dear Editor: Is there any chance of a once-country-girl to get a few pen pals? I'm so lonesome here in this big city. I've been here just two months and I'm still a stranger. I sure miss the wide open spaces and free life in the northeastern Missouri hills. I'm 15 years old and have long brown curly hair and blue eyes. I've a twin sister who's my best pal, but she lives in Michigan. I'm a mixture of German, Scotch, Jewish, English, French and Indian! Please help me in my loneliness. DIXIE SCOTT  2703A Sullivan Ave., St. Louis, 7, Mo.   124