Amateur Page This page is made up of original pieces of cartoons, verses or prose pertaining to the West, written by our readers. Our only requirements are that the persons submitting material be ama-teurs and that all material be original with the person submitting it. For each contribution pub-lished we shall pay the writer (or artist if it is a cartoon) two dollars. More than one contribution may be submitted by any one person. Address all contributions to The Amateur Page, Ranch Romances, 515 Madison Aven New York, 22, N. Y. No submissions will be returned, nor can we enter into correspondence regarding them.     My Wish  NOW people say it's silly To wish and wish, but you Know that you've wished before, And dreamed that wish came true.  So I will tell you of my wish. I know you'll realize How much I want it to come true. I hope you'll sympathize!  I'd like to be a cowgirl, And ride the open range On the swiftest pinto pony That ever rode the plains.  I want a white sombrero, A branding iron and rope, And I'd like to build a campfire Out on a lonely slope.  I'd want to break a bronco Out in a big corral, Or maybe just go riding On a beautiful sorrel. . . .  And hear the wind a-whistling As it ripples through his mane And we gallop 'long the river Or across the lonely plain.     And then I'll wed a cowboy That's brave and true and fine. Someone to love and cherish And be forever mine.  I want to ride and rope and sing The song that I love best. And I'm sure if God is willing, Someday I'll go out West.  Wanda Jackson, Holton, Ind.   Pride of the Rodeo  A LEATHER saddle, a silver spur, A cowboy mounted on a coal black mare, His hat pushed back, his 'kerchief flyin', He's the pride of the rodeo, there's no denyin'.  His horse steps high, his saddle creaks. My heart does tricks when that cowboy speaks; His lariat swings, his dark eyes glow. He knows he's the pride of the rodeo.  But before the dawn, on a train bound West, He'll head back home, this son of the West; Back to his pals that never change, Back where he's the pride of the range.  Betty Combs, McKees Rocks, Penna.   122