LOBO LAW    just bit a shuck off through the brush, like mebbe he was tryin' to head Rennevant off. But he didn't do no shootin'."  "Say," Shumway exclaimed, "somebody sent word ahead to Rennevant that we was comin' after him--and only us four knew about it."  "Yes," Bannerman mused, instantly in- terested. "Just us four."  He plucked a fresh cigar from his pocket and bit off its end with a savage snap of his big teeth. "That," he said thoughtfully, "might explain what happened yesterday. And it might explain why Rennevant came here."  He went to the door, opened it and gave the saloon a searching glance. Piano Pete was dealing stud to three players--an El Paso whiskey drummer, Fat Foster, the barkeep, and a clerk from the Mercantile. No sign of Gallego.  Bannerman turned to Haggin, said im- patiently, "Go get two fresh horses from the stable. We're riding to the ranch right now."  "How about me?" Shumway asked.  "You stay here and keep your eyes open," Bannerman ordered. "If Gallego comes in, bring him to Double D. And if you see Rennevant--shoot him!"  They went out through the saloon to the street then and the Mercantile clerk said secretively, "Wait till Diamond Dan hears the news."  Piano Pete tried to break up that talk by raising the pot ten dollars on a jack of hearts. "Come on," he urged, "let's play poker."  But Fat Foster asked again, "What news you talking about, Gebbert?"  "Mayor John is backing the Pool with wide open credit," the clerk declared. "Those Hills boys will be well heeled with bullets from now on."  "You sure about that?" the barkeep de- manded.  "Sure I'm sure."  Foster pushed back his chair and went out to the stoop at a ponderous, waddling run. But Bannerman was already riding away from the stable with Red Haggin. . . .  Across the street, in the Cattle King Ho-      TO THE MAN WHO WANTS SUCCESS AFTER THE WAR If you want success and security when peace comes, prepare for it now. Make sure that you have the trained ability that employers will want and pay for in the post-war adjustment. As business converts back to civilian goods, there will be urgent call for accountants, book- keepers, salesmen, sales and credit correspond- ents, traffic managers, marketing men, secre- taries, office managers and legally trained executives. For 35 years, LaSalle has been training adults in their spare time for such positions. It knows how. It can train you- quickly, thoroughly, at moderate cost, and without in- terruption to your present work. Mark the coupon below for our free booklet about the field of your interest. It costs nothing to get the facts and they may lead you to larger security and success--now and after the armistice whistles blow.   LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY A Correspondence Institution Dept. 275-R, CHICAGO 15, ILL. I am interested in knowing what your training is and how it can help me in the poet-war adjustment. Please send me your free booklet on the field I have marked below. □ Accounting □ Bookkeeping □ Salesmanship □ Business English □ Law :LL.B.Degree □ Business Law □ Office Management □ Business Correspondence □ Traffic Management □ Executive Management □ Foremanship □ Industrial Management □ Stenotypy: machine shorthand Name.....Age Position Address City.....State     Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements 115