44 DOROTHY L. BONAR    ton's horse afforded him an unexpected glimpse of the third outlaw and the animal he, in turn, led.  It was no thoroughbred. It was simply a pretty buckskin pony, and astride it, hands lashed to the saddle horn, sat a small, disheveled figure. Her face was pale. Above a gag her eyes pleaded, with hope in their blue depths.  Ruth Davies! Of a sudden Tracy under- stood Lawton's consternation at meeting him, why he had tried to turn him back. Despite all this girl had done to him, despite the fact that she had forfeited even his slightest loyalty or consideration, Law- ton had expected him to bridle in her de- fense. It was what Ruth herself was pray- ing for right now.  In Tracy's fever-twisted brain these facts became all at once excruciatingly funny. He would have flung back his head and howled with mirth had he not felt so stiff and tight inside. Instead, he heard himself saying, "Hal Davies' horses, eh?"  "Yeah." Lawton relaxed slightly. "This'll about break him, too. He's been figurin' on cleanin' up big when the track season opens next month."  Tracy thrilled with savage satisfaction. He forgot that he himself had an honest claim upon these horses, that through them he might recover a part of the money stolen from him. More than ever in his present condition the thought of vengeance ob- sessed him, and he was interested solely in this added bitter blow against his enemy.  "Horses like them will be hard to move safe out of the country," he asserted. "How you aim to do it?"  One of Lawton's followers shifted un- easily, cleared his throat as though in pro- test against an answer. But his leader, through a greater knowledge and under- standing of the man in his way, saw a way out.  "We've a freight car waitin' at the Wade water tower," he explained, fully aware that the name would mean little to a strang- er in the country, as was Tracy. "There's a train goes through tonight. I've got friends--connections--so the crew's bought off to stop and pick us up. Comes day- light, we'll be clear out of the state."     Against his will Tracy heard himself  inquire, "And the lady? What happens to her?"  The outlaw shrugged. "Don't tell me," he said mockingly, "that you're still fool enough to give a damn?"  Ruth made a violent motion, struggling to be free of her gag. Above it her eyes were enormous, ablaze with desperate pleading.  Stung thought he was by Lawton's words and tone, her look cut Tracy to the heart he had believed to be squeezed dry of feel- ing. The realization that she had still the power to move him, to hurt, filled him with a new, swift rage. In black perversity he spoke through his teeth.  "Who said I did?"  With a jerk of reins he backed his mount, clearing the trail. Lawton sheathed his gun. There was a smug lift to the cor- ners of Lawton's mouth as he rode by. One after the other his henchmen fol- lowed, turned sideways in their saddles, uncomprehending, uneasy.  The last thing Tracy saw was Ruth's white face, her incredulous, stricken eyes.  HE COULD not shed their memory, though he immediately set about putting distance between himself and this spot. Merciful stupor did not close down upon him again. It was as though he had been given a pow- erful stimulant. Torn between an anguished desire to go back and rescue the girl and a stubborn refusal to surrender to this weak- ness, Tracy rode with no sense of direc- tion, hard, as a man pursued by a wraith.  With surprise he found himself eventu- ally at the river, not far from the draw down which he had traveled from the Davies ranch five days ago. The sun was gone, the western sky already dull. The voice of the stream was a low, troubled murmur. From the branches of a tree a mourning dove uttered its indescribably sad lament.  It brought home to Tracy the desolation of his life, its futility. Of a sudden his im- pulse was to find his enemy now and have done with it. He had gone so far as to rein towards the draw when he became