MUSTANGS WHITE AND BLACK 95    tangs were captured in these pens, the black never allowed himself to be hemmed in. His fame spread. Finally two cowboys spied him feeding out on the point of a long tongue of land jutting into the lake. Loosening riatas and yelling, they rode to- ward him. At last they had the stallion cut off! He snorted and plunged into the soggy-bottom lake. When he got out to where the water was about halfway up his sides, he began floundering in the mud. The men retreated, so as to give him a chance to get back on the land--and come by them on his way out. The black paused, seemed to consider, and then plunged farther out from the peninsula, his struggles growing more desperate. It looked as if he designed drowning rather than capture. And drown he did.  THE action of the captured White Stallion in standing on grass and beside water for ten days without touch- ing either appears to have been as deliberate as the self-starvation of any hunger-striker in India. Though his captors may have in- jured him internally, the injury could hardly have destroyed his thirst. Certainly they broke his heart. The manner in which the Tulare black chose the fatal mud rather than safe footing on man-dominated land looks like another case of witful suicide, though terror may have driven him to death--terror at a threat to his wild, free way of living.  In the fall of 1882 W. K. Shipman, who now lives out from the edge of San An- tonio, was an eighteen-year-old cowboy ranging on Jim Ned Creek in West Texas. He had already bossed a herd up the trail. The sparsity of men on the frontier and the opportunities for self-reliance made boys develop early. Except for drift fences, the range was still open, and many mus- tangs yet ran on the vast, broken prairies east of the caprock. Shipman had noted especially one band led by a blood-bay stallion with black mane and tail. He got six other cowboys to go in with him to capture this band, all agreeing that Ship- man himself should have the stallion if they ever got him within reach of a rope.     After some preliminary running, the mustangers managed to work a belled mare into the wild band. The stallion adopted her, and her bell proved to be a consider- able help to the pursuers at night.  The mustangs were accustomed to water- ing in Jim Ned Creek, to which they had to descend from prairie country down trails through the roughs. Now they seemed afraid to enter the rough land and thus get cut off from their open running grounds, though by crossing the breaks they might have cut the buckboard off from pursuit.  For three days and nights the cowboys kept so close behind them that they took no chances in going down to water and, of course, ate very little. At the end of this time they were near enough walked down so that they could be thrown in with some manageable range horses and hazed into a big cow pen.  In the pen, the blood-bay stallion, his black mane and tail marking Spanish an- cestry, showed up as beautiful, as well pro- portioned and as desirable as he had ap- peared while running in the distance on the prairies. During the long chase he had ex- ercised much more than the other animals in his band, sometimes leading them, often driving them, frequently racing up one side of them and down the other. Now he stood gaunt, jaded, but still with plenty of life in him, and apparently as sound as a dollar.  When roped, he struggled but did not fight. When mounted, he did not pitch. Guiding him with a hackamore and accom- panied by two other men, Shipman rode out of the pen toward Jim Ned Creek, some distance off, and into water not more than eighteen inches deep. The reins of his hackamore loosened, the mustang thrust his muzzle into the water up to his eyes. Then he lay down, his muzzle still submerged.  His rider quickly loosened the girth and all three men struggled to force the mus- tang's head out for air. He would not let them. He drowned himself right there. No doubt he was dazed, past the stage of using clear-headed judgment. Certain psy- chologists say that no man who kills him- self is entirely sane at the time. However that may be, taking the mustang stallion's liberty from him took his instinct for life.