MISDEAL 23    Diamond the past few weeks, and she knew this slim, dark-eyed girl was the reason.  "Of course, Miss McAdams," she said cordially. She motioned to the remaining heap of papers. "Mr. Chipman takes sev- eral others. He never reads them all."  Lucy tucked the paper under her arm and hurried out. She wished suddenly that she had thought to bring something to carry it in. Now that she had it, she was a little afraid. Then she told herself she was being silly. Clark Bowles wouldn't be mixed up in anything dangerous. There was no reason, either, for her to tie the stolen newspaper up with Billy Gamel's death. She was just spooky and nervous, that was all. But she wished she could find Walt Carmack in a hurry!  She stood for a moment in front of the bank, undecided where to go next. Cosecha wasn't very big. If Walt was in town this morning, she certainly ought to find him before long. There was one saloon, a res- taurant, a rooming house and the railroad station besides the places she had already been.  A big man in a well fitting dark suit turned out of the saloon, two doors down the street, saw her and came toward her with a wide, welcoming smile on his face.  "Lucy! This is my lucky day! Were you looking for me?"  Quite irrationally Gene Chipman's ar- dent manner irritated the girl. He was everything she most admired in a man-- or so she had told herself repeatedly. He was very good looking, steady, and de- pendable. He had nice manners and he owned a bank. He never teased her, and he seemed to weigh each word she uttered as if it were solid gold. He was, she now decided, a little too perfect, and woman- like she wanted to whittle him down.  Her answering smile was cool. "I was looking for Walt Carmack," she said.  Gene Chipman wasn't visibly deflated. "I haven't seen him," he said with that ardent, eager look still in his dark eyes. "You weren't looking for him in the bank, were you?"  Lucy brought the paper she had been holding half behind her around in front. "I stopped in to borrow this. Miss Brad-     ley said you wouldn't mind loaning it." For just a moment it seemed to the girl that there was a startled, annoyed look in his eyes. But this morning Lucy was in the mood to be suspicious of everyone.  "Anything special you wanted to read in it?" he asked casually.  Lucy looked him in the eye. "I don't know yet," she said coolly.  He frowned, but a moment later the fatuous look came back to his eyes. "Why not stay in town a while and have lunch with me? I'll drive you out in the buggy this afternoon."  Lucy shook her head, eager to get away from him. "Thanks, Gene. Some other day maybe. I must find Walt if I can and then go home."  When she inquired further in Cosecha she learned that Walt wasn't in town, and, as far as anyone knew, he hadn't been for a couple of days. So, disappointed and nervous, she had nothing to do but ride home again.  CHAPTER VI  SHE spent the rest of the day pacing the house and yards, but at ten that night, when she finally went to bed, Walt still had not returned.  She lay awake for a long time, her eyes fixed, through her bedroom window, on the dark, silent shadow of the big house. When along towards midnight a light blinked on in one of the upstairs bedrooms, a little smile touched the corner of her lips and her tense body relaxed under the covers. She watched the shadow of a tall man's figure move about the room for a minute or two, but she had dropped into a deep, dreamless sleep before the light went off.  She knew as soon as she awoke the next morning that someone had been in her room, apparently looking for something. Things weren't disarranged much, but neither were they exactly as she had left them.  Lucy suddenly forgot all her fear and nervousness of the day before and began to get mad. She jumped out of bed and threw on the first clothes she could reach.