L. ERNENWEIN    No Occupational Restrictions *Not Constestable Triple Indemnity Life Insurance Policy Pays Maximum Benefits $3000.00 Policy Costs Only $1.00 a Month 5-Point Protection Pays for Loss of Life due to 1-Natural Causes... 2-All Sicknesses... 3-Ordinary Accidents 4-Auto Accidents... 5-Travel Accidents.. Provide for those you love this wise, easy way. Only a few pennies a day will pay for TRIPLE IN-DEMNITY LIFE INSUR-ANCE, backed by Legal Reserves. Old reliable Pioneer Life Insurance Company offers this as-sured protection without restrcitions as to your Occupation, Travel or Residence and includes *valuable Incontestability Clause- all as plainly stated in the policy. Men, women and children from 1 day to 70 years of age eligible. No Red Tape- No Medical Examination! Full details sent by mail. No Agents will call. Write at once for FREE inspection offer. DON"T DELAY! Pioneer Life Insurance Company 8441 Pioneer Building Rockforld, Illionis   Rheumatism Arthritis-Neuritis Get Mendenhall's Number 40 from your druggist or by mail postpaid for $1.25. Money back if first bottle fails to satisfy. J.C. Mendenhall Medicine Co. Dept, T Evansvill, Indiana   Suffer Varicose Leg Sores> If you suffer pain and misery of Varicose Ulcers, or Open Leg Sores, send away at once for FREE Booklet "THE LIEPE METHODS FOR HOME USE." Tells all about this 40-year-old method, praised and en-dorsed by thousands. Liepe Methods, Dept. 33-B, 3284 N. Green Bay Ave., Millwaukee, Wisconsin.   Piles Try Page's Palliative Pile Preparations If you are troubled with itching, bleed-ing or protruding piles, write for a FREE sample of Page's Palliative Pile Preparations and you may bless the say you read this. Don't wait. WRITE TODAY! E.R. Page Co., Dept. 488-K4 Marshall Mich. In Canada, Dept. 488-K4, Toronto, ONT.   High School Course at Home Many Finish in 2 Years Go as rapidly as your time and ability permit. Course equivalent to resident school work- prepares for college entrance extams. Standard H.S. texts supplied. Diploma- Credit for H.S. subjects already completed. Single subjects if de-sired. High school education is very important for advancement in business and industry and socially. Don't be handicapped all your life. Be a High School graduate. Start your training now. Free Bulletin on request. No obligation. American School, Dept. H-339, Drexel at 58th, Chicago 37       tel, Doc Dineen came downstairs and found Kate Carmody waiting with an unspoken question in her Irish eyes.  "Anne was right," the medico declared. "Bob won't be crippled. He'll be right as rain in no time at all."  Whereupon Kate let out a little squeal of happiness and kissed Doc's pudgy cheek. . . .  Up on Society Hill Mayor Matabelle was playing a final game of dominoes with his wife, and out at Double D Turk Gallego gave Whitey Hallmark a two-word explan- ation for his late arrival.  "Got lost," the dark-faced little rider said flatly.  During the next forty-eight hours a radi- cal change took place in the Homestead Hills. Men who for months had advertised their peaceful intention by riding unarmed suddenly sprouted Colt-filled holsters. They rode with a new look in their eyes. Even their talk was different, taking on the ag- gressive tone of fighting men. And although their womenfolk watched this change with dread and foreboding, more than one wife looked upon her husband with new respect.  In less than two day's time the Pool-An- vil combination was completely organized and men were riding toward the appointed meeting place with extra horses for the grueling job ahead. From West Creek and Blackjack Canyon they came; from Burnt Meadow and Sombrero Butte and the Pot Holes--all heading for Jules Larson's J Bar L. Here, at the northern fringe of the Homestead Hills, the drive would start; and here Steve Rennevant's roving patrol against Double D raiders would make its headquarters.  Soon after sunup of the second day, Rennevant hazed ten broncs northward from Anvil. Behind him, in the ranchyard, Anne Cruzatte helped her father hook a four-horse hitch to the chuck wagon. Jeff was going to San Sureno for provisions and would reach J Bar L sometime before dark. Anne, despite her urgent desire to make a hand at the roundup, was going to remain in town with her brother Bob.  When Rennevant rimmed the mesa north of Anvil he glanced back and saw Anne   116 Please mention Newsstand Fiction Unit when answering advertisements