LOBO LAW 101    "Shooting," Anne reflected cynically, "is too good for most of that Double D bunch. They'd have been hanged long ago if law badges were worth the tin they're made of."  Rennevant asked slyly, "You don't think much of badge-toters, do you, Anne?"  "I do not!" she said emphatically. Rennevant grinned, and for a time, while the rig clattered up the long, rocky slope of Sashay Ridge, they rode in silence. He covertly studied Anne's profile at intervals, knowing that she was the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen and wanting to have a permanent picture of her in his mind-- something to remember on lonely nights.  At the crest of the ridge Anne halted the horse for a brief rest and Rennevant asked, "Just what does Matabelle stand to win by backing the fight against Double D."  "Nothing, except that beating Banner- man would make San Sureno a decent town to live in," Anne explained.  "Never knew a politician who wasn't trying to get something for himself," Ren- nevant said, "money or power, or glory."  Anne laughed. "But you don't know John Matabelle. He's been mayor so long he looks on San Sureno as his personal property, and he doesn't want it to get a bad reputation in the Territory."  Rennevant shrugged, said slowly, "Well, I don't like to get mixed up in a range war," and was searching for words to ex- plain his reluctance when Anne's fingers gripped his arm.  "I wish you would," she said urgently. The feel of those slim fingers disrupted Rennevant's disciplined thinking. They roused a richer awareness of her presence; made him sense again how surely she shared the strong run of emotion he felt. Her face was turned toward him now so that he could see the full sweet curve of her lips. They parted slightly as he watched and whispered, "I wish you would, Steve."  Something flared up in Rennevant then; something he couldn't control. He said, "All right--all right," and putting his arms around her, added rashly, "There's some- thing else I'd like to do."  "I--I wish you would," Anne whispered again, and was gently smiling when he kissed her.     For a timeless interval their lips met and merged and sheer ecstacy had its way with Steve Rennevant. It was as if this girl had always belonged to him; as if she'd never been a stranger. Here was completeness beyond compare, for her lips were giving him more than surrender. They were an- swering gladly, generously, with all the wild sweet flavor of a girl in love. And be- cause she was so close and yielding against him, the beating of her heart was like his own heart beating.  Presently Anne murmured, "Please," and he released her. She took a moment to rearrange her tumbled hair, and in this brief interval of silence they both heard the thudding tromp of a hard-ridden horse be- hind them. . . .  CHAPTER X "Lady-Chasiri Dude!"  JULES LARSON strode out of Matabelle's Mercantile with a broad smile on his angular, weather-beaten face. "I'll back your Pool to the limit," the mayor had just told him, "and I believe you'll have Steve Rennevant for a gun boss."  That meant the waiting was over. It meant an end to the women's talk of patience; of hungry kids and empty guns. No more shameful side-stepping when Bannerman's brazen riders pushed Double D steers through the Homestead Hills; no more coward-calling by Jeff Cruzatte. With Matabelle furnishing food for their families and ammunition for their guns, every mem- ber of the Pool would fight--gladly. And with a topnotch gunman like Rennevant to lead them, they'd win. ...  Hurriedly, in the fashion of a man with important news, Larson went down Bor- der Belle Alley to the blacksmith shop where Alex Engle was having a buckboard repaired. "Matabelle backs us to the limit," he told the young cowman. "Anne Cruzatte just left for Anvil and Steve Ren- nevant went with her."  "Good!" Engle exclaimed, a rash smile dimpling his round, boyish face. "I'll pass the word to Jim Highbaugh and Luke