MISDEAL 11    WALT CARMACK  Walt put his arm around her firmly and forced her unwilling feet to follow as he started dancing again.  "I'm sorry," he said and sounded as if he really meant it. "I didn't aim to sound thataway. Besides, he didn't want to dance with you. He wanted to dance with Millie."  "Why didn't he ask her then?" Lucy couldn't help asking tartly.  Walt chuckled. "Millie treats him kinda rough sometimes. I reckon maybe he had some idea of tryin' the jealousy cure."  "Oh," Lucy said. She wasn't a flirt, but she felt a little piqued. She gave him a deliberately demure look from under long black lashes. "I suppose you're dancing with me for the same reason?"  The mischief was suddenly gone from Walt Carmack's blue eyes. "What do you think?" he asked softly, as his arm tight- ened around her.  "My turn, cowboy!" said a cheerful voice, as a hand slapped Walt smartly on the shoulder.  Walt scowled. Billy Gamel laughed, slipped his arm around Lucy's waist and they danced away.  Walt sauntered over to the open door, rolled himself a smoke and lighted it. The music stopped and when it started again he didn't join the stag rush to the corner where the little school teacher was standing.  Instead he hunted up Millie Harrell and danced once with her, then once with each danceable woman in the room. That duty     done he went back and took up his stance by the door again.  Smoke from his cigarette spiraled over his head and drifted slowly out into the still night air. He leaned back against the door- frame while his eyes followed Lucy Mc- Adams around the room. She was doing all right. All the cowboys who weren't too bashful were tagging her every ten steps. Girls of any sort were scarce in the cow country and ones like Lucy McAdams as rare as straight-legged cowboys.  But she didn't seem to be enjoying her popularity as much as most girls would have. If she'd loosen up a bit, get rid of that stiff, half frozen style of smiling and talking, she would be a mighty pretty girl. Her black eyes had the soft, velvety look of big black pansies, and her hair was a dark fluffy cloud around her piquant face. She was small and slender, and the way that plain black dress set off her cute little figure was an eyeful.  Now she was dancing with Gene Chip- man, the banker from Cosecha, smiling po- litely at something he was telling her but looking as if she really didn't give a darn about anything he said. But Chipman, who had the reputation of being something of a lady killer, seemed to be liking the girl's indifference.  Out by the front step a bunch of young bloods who had stepped outside for a breath of fresh air, finished a good story and with a whoop of laughter turned and trooped back into the house.  One who seemed to be trailing in the rear of the group rather than being a part of it jostled roughly into Walt, staggered a little, and the heel of his shoe came down hard on the cowboy's toe.  It hurt and Walt grunted. The man's smooth-fitting dark suit, pale skin and slick hair, labeled him as probably a town prod- uct. Walt, who thought he knew every man, woman and child within a twenty-mile radi- us, could not remember ever having seen him before. While these parties of Lucky Jim's were open to anyone who wanted to come, it was not often that a complete stranger tried to horn in.  He put a hand on the man's shoulder to steady him. "Brother, if you don't dance any better than you walk, you're not goin'