62 Daughter of the Pigeon did not realize the danger. "And as long as I've been in the tropics I have run across only one devil-fish. I'll tell you, Cleaves, we'll see who can reach the High Place first, you taking one end of the island and I the other, equalizing the distance. What do you say?" "You do not know the way to--" be- gan the Polynesian. "Perhaps," interposed Cleaves. "But you will tell us. Moreover, you and a couple of the crew will follow in a whale-boat and wait on the beach to bring us back. The race will be to the High Place and back to the whale-boat, the first one reaching the High Place piling several stones on the altar to let the other know he's been there." That was how it began. Down in the tropics men do queer things. The savage song of the surf on the coral reefs is a tune of lawlessness. Twenty minutes later Cleaves and I, stripped but for bathing trunks, were descending the gangway-stairs while Leaping Fire and others of the crew lowered a whale-boat. "I warned you, Menikes," Leaping Fire called to us sadly from the deck. And I laughed--for his tales of piracy and the feel of the amorous wind on my body had aroused the sleeping boy withhi me. "Ready?" asked Cleaves-- and I nodded. Side by side we plunged into the green bay. The water was mildly cool-- old wine to the muscles. When I re- turned to the surface I struck out toward the island, which seemed a mass of dark-ridden rocks beneath the fiery Southern Cross. Several yards away, the phosphorus leaping about him, was Cleaves, headed for the northern end of Taoha. That swim whipped the blood into every fiber and sinew of the being. Thinking little of sharks or devil-fish, I crossed the ruffled Bay of Traitors, and within an hour, a bit sore of thews-I confess, I touched the sand on the south- ern end of the island. Rarely have I seen such tropical beauty as on Taoha--cool white sands, strewn with sea-weed and curious shells; forests of mangoes, cocoanut-palms and bread-fruit; towering basalt rocks, honeycombed with caves and seeming riven with bronze as countless cascades and waterfalls caught the tarnished ar- gent of the moon. Following the Polynesian's instruc- tions, I walked several rods down the beach and found the nearly obliterated trail that he had described, a path lead- ing into a dark hollow. Across valleys and ridges I sprinted, in the shadow of dripping rocks where the atmosphere was saturated with mois- ture, beneath feis-plants and the crim- son-flowered hutu-tree, not infrequently passing ruined paepaes, meager evi- dence of the gradual death of the little island. After a trot of about a mile I gained the summit of a hill where red jasmine and orchids bloomed in profusion, and halted, breathless, looking upon what I knew to be the mist-laden Vale Where Dead Men Walk. Here the stars seemed to hang lower, so low that the smell of them was in the atmosphere. Across the earth depres- sion, stone ledges rose from the deep- sunken valley and the moonlight struck the bare rocks, transforming them from dead matter into living sheets of light. The Vale Where Dead Men Walk; well named; for a vague Something made me aware of its presence in the air by an imaginary, nevertheless ponder- ous, weight upon the lungs ... as if the souls of the perished sea-robbers surged back upon the valley. As I slowly descended the ridge-- slowly because of a strange reluctance to hurry--I had the uncanny feeling of one invading the dominion of the dead. 