88 The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome her overwhelming beauty encompassed me like a wave of some divine ether car- rying me off my middle-aged feet. "Dear friend," I replied, scarce able to keep the agitation from my voice, "I shall refuse you nothing in my power. Your father has left a number of pa- pers which he hinted to me in words I didn't understand would tell us all we wished to know." My heart wanned under the look of gratitude in her eyes. "And those papers, where are they?" she cried eagerly. "The room, I fancy, is still untouched as we left it yesterday." "Let us go then ; I am all impatience." Gravely I led the way upstairs to the ill-fated room. The naked boards of the old stairs creaked abominably as we trod upon them, and, thinking of the wretchedness of the upper rooms, I was ashamed. VII The papers upon the table lay just as they had been left upon the previous day. "Each page is numbered," said Miss Broome, looking them over. "We shall find little difficulty in reading them." She busied herself collating the scat- tered leaves, bending her head to hide the turbulent emotion in her eyes. Turning, with a wistful smile, she handed them to me. "Here they are in their correct order," she said. "Would you care to read them aloud to me?" "As you wish," I replied gravely, ac- cepting the papers. I hesitated for a moment, glancing at the young girl. Her radiant freshness seemed to be smothered in that tawdry setting. "I'll open the window," I ventured; "the place is airless." The manuscript bore every evidence of hasty writing and was difficult, at first, to read; but after a page or two I grew accustomed to it and went on smoothly enough, my companion, listen- ing quietly, not uttering a word. What follows here has been copied down word for word from that astound- ing narrative known as "The Strange Case of Nathaniel Broome": VIII Feeling that I have only a short while to live, I must try to set down, as clearly and as concisely as possible, the true story of my unfortunate life. Scrimgeour, who has proved so big- hearted a friend, has a right to know. How often have I not seen that look of baffled inquiry in his gentle eyes when they rested upon my seemingly quiet, untroubled face! And Marguerite, my daughter, who has been the object of my deepest af- fection, what must she think of me! Poor child, she, too, has every right to be told. But such a tale: fantastic, incredible as the ravings of an opium-haunted nightmare. . . . My hand trembles; my eyes grow misty; I must make haste before it is too late. My father, Lemuel Broome, was an artist, and from him, together with great physical beauty, I inherited a deep, aesthetic feeling for the beautiful. My mother died upon giving birth to me. I was their only child. I learned, in my childish years, to seek for Beauty and to know Beauty in every tiling. ''Beauty is Virtue; Ugliness is Sin." "That," my father used to say to me, "is all you know and all you need to know." Small wonder is it then that as I grew from boyhood, through youth to manhood, sheltered and alone with my father, this doctrine of Beauty grew 