Planned by the Stars By G. S. Montanye THE sanctum of Madame Sovio was drab and tawdry. The room was small and done in faded blue draperies upon which were tinsel stars and moons. The one win- dow that overlooked Sixth Avenue bore the name of the astrologer in porcelain letters and the information that her hours of business were from two o'clock to five daily. A broad table that stood in the center of the room held a plaster skull and a quantity of astrological charts. Other charts were nailed up on either side of a door which led into an ante-room. The low ceiling had once been painted to give the impression of drifting clouds. Twin gas jets, black- ening it, had long past destroyed the effect. The faint though pungent odor of gin hung on the stirless air. The owner of the astrology parlor sat at the center table. Madame Sovio wore a flowing Egyptian kimono pat- terned extravagantly with the mystic signs of the zodiac. She was old, gaunt and unprepossessing. Her untidy hair was wreathed with a greasy veil; her shrewd eyes focused on the financial page of a morning newspaper. From time to time she stimulated herself with small quantities of fluid poured from a square bottle convenient to her elbow. Madame Sovio finished a perusal of the page she read and was turning lan- guidly to the front sheet of the paper when she looked up. The door of the outer room had opened and closed. With the practice born of long experience she placed both bottle and newspaper in a lower drawer of the table, thrust a few cloves into her toothless mouth, and stood up. The "waiting room" of the establish- ment was even smaller than the inner room. It contained nothing save a number of rickety chairs and a red- faced youth who was pinching out a cigarette ere consigning the stub to a coat pocket. The caller was tall, bulky and unattractive. He wore a rusty brown suit and stained yellow brogans with bumpy toes. A celluloid collar held a stringy purple cravat; from un- der the sagging peak of a shoddy cap a low, protruding forehead, dark, crafty eyes and a loose, rapacious mouth were visible. It was evident to Madame Sovio that the youth was flotsam cast up by the turgid rivers of subterranea. He met her gaze and shuffled for- ward. "You the one that slides out the dope on what's gonna happen?" The woman inclined her head. "Yes. Come in." The visitor stepped into the room hung with the faded blue draperies. Madame Sovio closed the door after him. She indicated he should take the chair opposite her across the table. "Do you wish a horoscope or a read- ing?" she inquired as he sat down. He stared. "A spinner on the docks give me the gab that you had steered him straight on the bang-tails. I'm due to gay-cat tonight on something important. I want a frame telling me how my luck is gonna break." Madame Sovio twined her claw fin- gers together. She understood the youth to mean that some client who had sought her advice as to making bets on the races had recommended him to her. 37 