4 Black Shadows "Wait here, Bradley," he instructed. "I'll be back in a moment." He clattered downstairs, and flung open the door to the street. "Hawker." The chauffeur--an old-young man, with a sharp profile and blood-shot eyes --sprang to attention. "Yes, sir?" "Drive like the devil to the police- station, and bring some officers here at once. Better have one who knows something about locks. We can't batter this door down." When the limousine had roared up the street, Jones slowly re-climbed the stairs. Bradley was fussing nervously about the hall, straightening chairs and pictures that, were already in mathe- matically accurate positions. "It's dreadful, sir," sighed the old butler. "I peeped through the keyhole, sir. I could just see the top of his head, slewed around at a most peculiar angle--and it never moves, sir." "Do you--do you think he might have done himself an injury?" Jones asked. "If injury's been done he has done it himself. You know the study, sir. There are no windows, in the regular sense; only those iron barred transoms near the ceiling, and no living thing could get through them. And this door, sir--there was only one key, and that Mr. Guerney carried on his watch- chain--" The tramp of heavy feet sounded in the hallway below. Jones called anx- iously, and a portentous file ascended the steps. First came Lieutenant Jamie- son, then District Detective O'Toole, Patrolman Bierhalter and finally a wiry, grey-eyed irresistible, known to all the city as Johnny Suggs, son of the owner of the Evening Star. Hawker edged furtively on the edge of the procession. "Well," asked the lieutenant heavily, "what's the trouble here ?" He seemed somewhat awed by Jones' wonderful sartorial display, and Suggs added to it by informing him in a whisper that J. Sylvester was the nephew of old mil- lionaire Guerney. Jones said, "I'm afraid something has happened to my uncle. I thought it best to call the police immediately." "You did right, Mister Jones," com- mented the lieutenant. He laid his hand on the knob of the study door, and rattled it--with no results, natu- rally. "You couldn't break down this door without a tank. Hey, Bierhalter, get busy on the lock." "Wait a minute," cut in the reporter, whipping out a magnifying glass. "What do you say if we look this over first, loot? Nobody's monkeyed with the lock. It has been opened and shut with a key, all right." Jamieson, who prided himself on looking after the fine points of every case, flushed because he had not thought of that himself. With extraordinary gruffness he ordered Bierhalter to "get busy." It required ten minutes of con- centrated effort on the policeman's part before he flung open the door. There was the stuffiness of decay in the chamber--the nameless, creeping horror that is always present when death comes by violence. Solemnly the little party crossed the room and looked at the figure in the carved chair. It was that of a man of sixty, big paunched and heavy lipped. Strickland Guerney had been known as a con- noiseur in all that pertained to the ape- rites, and his face was that of a gour- -mand. There was a half snarl on his face, and a revolver lay on the floor below the drooping fingers of the right hand. His left fist rested on the table edge, and gripped the study-key. The fine silk of his shirt front was caked with dried blood. Jamieson, his pique forgotten mo- 