Bulling the Bulls 123 "And do you pass the word ?" asked the other, quickly. "Yes." "Well, this is the case. Maybe you've heard of the Pelton bank rob- bery a few days ago?" "No," said Durkee. "Don't recall hearing about it." The stout man looked surprised, seemed about to say something, then apparently changed his line of thought and speech. "Well, there was one there, and they say the robbers got away with about--I think about twenty thou- sand, or something like that. There was a lot of talk about some of the town police being mixed up in the business, and some of the--er, officers are in a peck of trouble over it." "All news to me," asserted the tall man, carelessly. "The truth is, Mister, I'm one of the officers there in Pelton, and definite charges have been made against me. In fact, confidentially, I was to be arrested, and I'm on my way to Boston to see some friends-- high-up fellows who can do ihings See?" "Yes." "As I say, the fellows are out to 'get' me--it's a frame-up back there, you see--and I got a feeling that I may be pinched in the South Station. Now, you can see--any man of good sense knows how these things go-- that if I don't get to my friends first I'll be in a pretty pickle. That'd be a trump play against me. I don't want to be caught in Boston and side- tracked and have it come out in the Boston papers and copied at home." "I don't blame you," commented Durkee, looking at the other from the corner of his eye, a thrill run- ning through him. "No, I don't think anybody can blame me," said Grant--"anybody who knows about politics. Now, the idea that came to me was this--that you and I put on a pair of handcuffs' and give those fellows the slip in the station, just as if you were taking me down. Get the idea?" "Yes, but I don't carry such ar- ticles with me--not as a rule," re- sponded Durkee, with a grin. "Well, I always do, of course. Do you think you could help me. through the crowd, taking the part of an of- ficer conducting me to the authori- ties?" Durkee smiled, looking at the other covertly with a queer light back in his keen eyes. "Suppose I can't bluff the thing through, my friend, if you're right and someone's waiting for you?-- what then?" Grant turned and looked squarely at him for an instant. During that, instant all the humor was absent from his blue eyes, in its place a hard, very hard look Then he laughed shortly, that odd gleam disappearing. "Why," he said, at length, "I'll re- lease you and do the best I can." "They might hold me under the circumstances. Couldn't blame them much. It's pretty risky, Mister, I should say." Grant looked out of the window for a few moments and then turned back to the other, failing to see the look of satisfaction or triumph--or whatever it was--that passed over Durkee's face. "I shall be glad to give you say, fifty dollars, young man. I mean, of course, this in addition to your fare," he supplemented, jokingly. "I don't see that it can do much harm, anyway," remarked Durkee, rather carelessly. "The only danger is that they might make things un- pleasant for me." 