8 Black Shadows "So the police thought at first," Johnny sighed. "They are shockingly unobservant. But I found that he had been murdered. Did you do it?" He took a sudden step forward, and pointed his finger at her accusingly. If he had expected her to show fright or fear he was disappointed. The girl straightened up, and a hot color flamed in her cheeks. "I?" she cried. "You are insane. I am Mildred Guerney--Strickland Guerney's daughter!" Johnny laughed. "My dear young lady, please--if you had merely stated that you knew nothing of this affair I should have been inclined to believe you. But it seems to be a pretty well known fact that Mr. Guerney was a bachelor, and has no relatives except a nephew--J. Sylvester Jones." "It's a lie--a lie! My mother was the daughter of a British resident among the Dayaks in Borneo. Mr. Guerney came there on a hunting ex- pedition, and married her. They lived together for ten years--then he de- serted her. Mother never gave up the search for him. She died in Singapore a year ago--and she urged me to keep seeking him. I traced him to this city. Two days ago I met old Bradley, jvho had cared for me when I was a child in Borneo. He promised to help--" "And so Bradley took an impression of the lock, and had that key made for you?" said Johnny, with a rare fla'sh of inspiration. "Oh!" She shrank against the door's age-blackened panels. "Didn't he?" A tear stole from under her lowered lashes. "Y-yes." The reporter took her hand gently. "My dear Miss Guerney," he said, "please don't think I'm utterly heart- less. It is my business to find out who committed this crime. I don't think you did--I know- you didn't. No one in their right senses could look at you for a moment and believe you guilty of a cold blooded murder--even of such an old reprobate as Guerney seemed to be." "I--I really didn't," she said bro- kenly. "But, don't you see that, circumstan- tially, the case looks rather black against you? Personally, I don't be- lieve in circumstantial evidence. I wouldn't convict a cat on it even if pussy still had the cream on her whis- kers. Courts of law and juries look on those things differently. As the matter stands, you had a motive in seeking re- venge--you are the only other person besides Mr. Guerney--to our knowledge, at least--who had a key to this door. Please don't cry. Can't you see that I'm trying to help you--to find a meth- od of defense? Have you any idea who might-have killed your--your fa- ther?" She hesitated. "Tell me," Suggs urged, "even if you have only the barest suspicion. We must get to the bottom of this matter." "J-Jones," she said. "Jones? I checked him over every minute of time from noon until six o'clock, which covers the period in which Mr. Guerney was last known to be alive, and the moment the police arrived here. What makes you think he is guilty?" By this time Mildred Guerney had entirely regained control of herself. Johnny admired her for that. The position in which she found herself would have developed more than incipi- ent hysteria in most girls. He could see that the marvelously white hand that held the key was steady once more Her voice, when she answered, was clear and low. "I am making no accusations, Mr Suggs. I do not know Mr. Jones per- sonally. But I did learn how he ingra- 