The Long Arm of God By Ward Sterling IN a rock-bound gulch, half-buried un- der the sands of summer, covered beneath ten feet of snow in winter, six skeletons lie, grinning mockingly. In the hollow skulls of two are smooth, round holes. In one a tiny, leaden pellet leaps and bumps with each heave and groan of the sun-kissed ice in spring. The whitened ribs of two are seamed and scarred as by a knife. Upon the sixth there is no mark. Nor comes there any answering rattle when some loath- some reptile, scurrying from its lair amongst the rocks and crevices, jars against the whitened shell that once en- cased as foul a brain as e'er polluted God's green footstool. It lies far apart from the others, denied, even in death, the solace of their companionship. It is of the tenant of that sixth grim remnant, gazing, hollow-eyed, toward the heavens it can never enter, that this story is written. The flesh that once covered his weather-bleached bones has long since been carried away by carrion birds; his malignant soul is now frying in hell--unless, by chance, the devil, fearing the corruption of his powers of darkness, has denied the spirit ad- mittance. He mocked God and spit upon His Commandments. And the long arm of God reached out and found him--even in the chill, cold arctic hell where he had hidden himself away. I Lee was the first to die. They found him, a month after they had discovered that they were rich--cold and stiff, his face twisted into an indescribable gri- mace, as if he had died in awful agony. Yet there had been no outcry. Nor was there any mark upon his body to show how he had been struck down. The six of them--Lee, the profane; Halligan, the religious; Mason, the stu- dent ; Wentworth, ill-tempered and moody; Kelly, the hot-blooded Celt; and good-natured, plodding, old Drew-- were from the same Mid-Western town. . They had grown up together, attended the same school, soldiered in the same squad. The same girl had driven them to the land of long winters to seek their fortune. And, smarting under the same misfortune, they had been drawn to- gether, forgetting, for the time, their differences, sharing, one another's dan- gers, living out of a common purse, laughing at hardships--yet each praying that he might be the one upon whom Fortune's smile would fall--buoyed up by the memory of a beautiful girl far, far from their adopted home. After a fashion, they were happy. They were filled with primitive vigor and pulsing with life. They lived con- stant romances and did not know it. For such is the way of the far coun- tries. And the lure of the North had gripped their heartstrings. They had been prospecting, without results, all summer, when they chanced upon the unmapped, blind canyon which was destined to be their burial place. Following the noisy little creek up the gulch to the spot where it bubbled from' the side of the rocky wall which blocked the farther end of the canyon, between two gray, grim mountains, they decided to "hole in" for the winter. There were signs of gold everywhere. 29 