The Man Who Would Not Die 103 him!" And, with a shake of his head, he returned to his duties. VIII In a lonely house in one of the out- lying districts--a house set down in the midst of great trees and gardens, sur- rounded by a high stone wall--dwelt a man of extraordinary powers. To his neighbors he was merely an Oriental gentleman of wealth and refinement, who preferred solitude in an alien country to a position of magnificence and power in his own. But to the initi- ate--that little band of followers se- lected from every walk of life--he was the ambassador of a tiny group of learned men who, for centuries before Jesus, the Christ, walked upon this earth, have been striving to bring about the regeneration of the world. Their representatives are to be found in every large center of population, working quietly, unostentatiously, teaching, preaching, gaining an occasional re- cruit, ever content to bide their time, knowing that years are but seconds in the general scheme of the universe. Mahommed Gunga, the Master, as he was known to those who loved and obeyed him, was a truly wonderful man. Taken, when a child, by The Holy Ones, his life had been dedicated by them to the service of his fellow creatures. Masters of mystery, delv- ing far beyond the comprehension of ordinary humans into the phenomena of life, they had poured their combined wisdom into his open ears. And, their task completed, they had sent him out into the world, as they had sent many others before him, to spread the propa- ganda of the great work to which they had pledged themselves. None knew1 the limits of his power, none the depths of his great learning. To him all things were possible. To him life's mysteries were but common- places. Master of theosophy, philoso- phy, and the sciences, what, to the no- vitiate, seemed to savor of the weird, the mysterious, the occult, was to his mighty mind but the working of na- ture's laws. It was to the shrine of The Master that Des Moines always journeyed when confronted by a puzzle past his comprehension. For the clear, reason- ing power of the sage untangled riddles which, to the ordinary mind, appeared beyond solution. So, it was to The Master that the in- spector hurried as rapidly as his high- powered car would carry him after the Broadway horror had shown him the futility of his reasoning. IX He found The Master walking in the garden, a faraway look in his soft, dreamy eyes, in silent communion with nature. Upon the policeman's arrival, however, his face lighted up and he shook hands warmly. For Mohammed Gunga had none of the methods of the charlatan; to his friends his life was an open book to be read by all who cared to take the time. "Greetings, my friend," he smiled. "What new problem brings you here this morning? For I dare not hope that so busy a man as yourself would deign to make a purely social call. Come walk beside me and tell me all about it." He laughed sadly as he continued: "Will you never remember, my friend, that' every atom has its master and rec- ognizes his intelligence? Have we not been taught to know that we have but to seek the way by making the pro- found obeisance of the soul to the bright star that bums within?" Des Moines fell into step at his side and hastily sketched the events of the past thirty-six hours. For Mohammed Gunga did not keep in touch with the 