Black Shadows 15 fireplace. I looked up the chimney and caught a glimpse of something. I'll wager that you'll find Jones' body jammed up in there." Jamieson, Detective O'Toole and the two patrolmen made a rush for the fireplace. In ten seconds they had demonstrated the truth of Suggs' state- ment, and the soot-smeared, twisted body of the late dandy was stretched beside that of the Dayak. They looked at him with far more respect than they had ever exhibited before. "I'll take my hat off to you, Johnny," the lieutenant admitted. "Now tell me who did it. I can't afford to lose out on this case after letting Mullaney make a clean get-away last month." The reporter laughed. "I don't know." "You're holding out on me," com- plained Jamieson. "No, I'm not. I really don't know enough to help you, but I hope to add a little to that knowledge by this after- noon. When I do 4111 let you know, you can gamble on that.. I'm not try- ing to build up a reputation with the force. All I want to do is get solid with my dad. He never had a very high opinion of my abilities, and I want to prove to him that he is wrong." "I'll have to be covered up a bit until something breaks. What is your paper going to say ?" "Oh, we'll fix that up all right," the reporter assured him. "The Star will have a story full of glittering gen- eralities, giving all due credit to the foxy police, who found out that this ap- parent scrap was a frame-up." "All right," agreed Jamieson, slight- ly mollified, "but for heaven's sake, let me know as soon as anything breaks." "Sure thing." Johnny used the telephone in the hall to call up the paper. His father was in the office, having come down imme- diately at the news of the developments in the Guerney case. The older man listened quietly, then asked: "Have you any clues at all ?" "Well," said Johnny guardedly, "maybe yes and maybe no. I'm going after something right away." "Keeler tells me that you received a cipher note from Bradley. Have you figured out what it means?" "No. I believe it is too short for a message, and I am hopeful that another part will come soon. Until it does I am going to follow out some ideas of my own. By the way, dad, Lieutenant Jamieson wants you to cover him up until something breaks." "Of course." Johnny rang off. It was his intention to go to Mildred, and find out from her if she had been accompanied by the Dayak as a servant, and if he had taken up her quarrel and been killed in fol- lowing it out. That seemed very likely. He might have murdered Guerney and Jones, but Suggs could not understand who, in turn, had killed him. It was rather too early to call on Miss Guerney. Considering the late hour at which she had retired it was quite pos- sible that she had not yet arisen. So Johnny left the house, bent on walking to the little uptown hotel. The sun had chased the fog back to the river reaches, and it was delicious in the open after breathing the death- ridden atmosphere of the Guerney house. Suggs threw back his shoul- ders, and strode along at a good pace, keenly enjoying the exercise. He received something of a shock when he inquired at Mildred's hotel, only to find that she had left an hour before. "You Mister Suggs?" asked the clerk, after volunteering the information. "Yes." "Well, she left a message for you. Prob'ly thought you'd be here pretty 