52 The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh the empty rooms. "They tied poor old Dr. Waugh to this track and--" He shuddered at the picture which his mind swiftly drew--the picture of a man, ignorant of the make believe harmlessness, bound helpless as those cars creeped upon him. The floor was thick with accumu- lated dust and the dirt film was broken by footprints, blurred in the spot about the steel ring in the floor, as if some- one had nervously scraped his feet back and forth. The young doctor's heart leaped with hope as he saw, also, the clear-cut impression of a man's hand spread flat, fingers and thumb extended. "Here's where I turn detective," mused Lake, remembering the camera in his car. "I'll try my hand at a bit of photography. I've a notion that the hand, fingerprints and all, will photo- graph very well." At that moment a bit of sunshine, breaking through an open space be- tween the maple trees, streamed into the room, lighting the shadows under the strange make-believe cars and glint- ing against a bit of yellow metal that lay there. Dr. Lake reached for it and found it to be a stickpin of rather fan- tastic design, something European with- out a doubt--the gold fashioned into a claw which grasped a blood ruby. "Now," breathed Lake with satisfac- tion, "if I'm going to turn detective, I think I've got something to work on." Lake had just finished taking his pho- tograph of the fingerprints--and a glance at Dr. Waugh's slim, tapering fingers was sufficient to tell him that the impression in the dust was not that of the dead man's hand--when Coroner Hopkins, a bearded old patriarch who had held his office for many years, ar- ' rived, peering nearsightedly through a pair of thick-lensed glasses and shaking his head hopelessly. "Oh, yes," he greeted Dr. Lake; "you're the young doctor from Ala- mont. They tell me that Doctor--Doc- tor Waugh is--is dead. Terrible busi- ness--can't understand it--what would Dr. Waugh be doing out here? Answer me that! Terrible business--can't un- derstand it. And--what the devil is this contraption?" His eyes, for the first time, caught sight of the cars. The young doctor ex- plained what he had found. "I am told that you have already ex- amined, Doctor--the body," pursued the aged coroner. "What do you find?" Dr. Lake told him. "Humph!" mourned the coroner sadly. "Queer business; I knew Dr. Waugh by reputation--a wonderful specialist, he was. Great loss to the medical profession--can't understand it." "What do you propose to do?" ven- tured Dr. Lake. Coroner Hopkins shook his head. "I'm not so young as I used to be, young man. I generally name an as- sistant to perform an autopsy." "But," protested Dr. Lake, "won't you proceed with some sort of an in- vestigation ?" "I'm not a detective, young man; I'm the coroner. I shall perform the au- topsy, turn my findings over to the state's attorney and examine what wit- nesses can be found. So far, Mr.--er --Wheaton, who found the body, is the only witness." Dr. Lake frowned impatiently. "But, Mr. Coroner," he insisted, "there's a mystery here to be cleared up; we are outside of the city where ex- pert detective talent is available. Of course the reporters for the city news- papers will take a hand at Sherlocking, but really something should be done." "What would you suggest?" de- manded the coroner dryly. Dr. Lake accepted the invitation eagerly. 