The Yellow Dog 119 "I'm on--mum's the word. Now them shiners ?" The big man produced a small bag, open at the mouth. Within it Hankin- son saw gleams of sparkling fire. He made haste to stow it away in the pocket wherein he had already put his money. Then he gave the big man a firm look. "There's another thing," he said. "I'm goin' into strange parts and amongst strange folks. And I ain't a-goin' wivout my revolver. Hand it over, guv'nor. As it was, mind." The Chinaman produced the revolver, showed Hankinson that it was fully loaded, and calmly dropped it into his own pocket. "I will hand that to you in the street," he said. "I am going to walk a little way with you. Now let us go." And he led Hankinson out of the house into-the night. As they passed out the younger Chinaman hastened to a window which commanded the way by which they went. He saw them pass in and out of the lights of the lamps--and suddenly he saw a couple of vague, shadowy figures emerge from a dark place and steal after them. In his eag- erness and excitement to see that part of the proceedings, he threw up the sash of the window and leaned out. And in that instant the yellow dog, which had been tied up in that room, completed its day's task of eating through the stout cord that had prisoned it. The young Chinaman, leaning through the window, was conscious for a second of a sinuous body hurling itself past him. Before he had time to comprehend matters he saw that body vanishing round the corner. He shut the window then and retired to resume his usual sphinx-like demeanor. Presently the big man came back and grinned at his compatriot. "They are after him," he said briefly. "I saw them," replied the other. The big man grinned again. "It is fortunate that this fellow fell at my door," he said. "He has served us well. Certainly he will never fall there again. We benefit very well. We have what he brought in--and he has some worthless bits of paste. It is good I" The younger man made no answer to this. Nor did he mention that the dog had escaped. "It is time that I go now," he ob- served. And without further remark he pro- ceeded to divest himself of his Oriental garments and to put on the inconspicu- ous suit of grey tweed which Hankin- son had recently taken off. IV Ten minutes later a figure dressed in Hankinson's clothes, much muffled about the neck and face, and having Hankinson's cap pulled down over its nose, slipped out of that quiet house and went away by devious paths to other and safer parts. No figure followed it; the two figures that had lurked in waiting for it since dark were following Hankin- son. And Hankinson went on, knowing nothing. He was beginning to feel him- self safe, and he did not care how much people stared at him as he walked in the glare of the gas. He had what he believed to be diamonds in his pocket. It had never even occurred to him that the big Chinaman might or would sub- stitute paste for the genuine article. He had a prospect of selling them to advan- tage. And he had his revolver. There- fore, being a bit of an actor, he went on- ward, always smiling blandly. Hankinson knew the nearest way to the wharf of which the big Chinaman had spoken, and it took him little time to get down there. All his thoughts were of his own business, and he had no idea that two yellow-faced, slit-eyed fellows, clad in slop suits of blue serge, 