Black Shadows 7 had been locked, he would have all the opportunity he desired if he could ef- fect an entrance. A taxi was standing by the curb. Johnny climbed in and gave the chauf- feur his instructions. In a moment more he was whirling along the bril- liantly lighted street, on the first lap of his search for Strickland Guerney's murderer. Three blocks from his destination, Suggs left the taxi. A policeman was lolling in front of the house of death, so Johnny gave it a wide berth, and entered the alley behind. It required only a moment to scale the fence, and feel his way through the darkness to the kitchen window. Anticipating his course of action, the reporter carried with him a chisel, a jimmy, and an electric torch. In the utter blackness of the yard he did not dare use his torch, for fear a roaming policeman might see it. So, depending on his sense of touch, he felt for the window, chisel in one hand. When he found it $. sudden cold streak went up his spine. It was open three inches from the bottom! There was someone in that house. Suggs did not doubt it for a moment. He was positive it was not the police, for they had secured the key to the front door. It was either the murderer come back to the scene of his crime, or some house-breaker, who had followed close on the news of Guerney's death, and hoped to reap a harvest. Johnny was not armed, but he shoved the win- dow higher, swung his leg across the sill, and climbed in. The house was horribly still. Suggs framed the kitchen wall with a circle of light, and stepping very cautiously, reached the door and peered into the dining-room. No one there. No one in the butler's pantry; no one on the first floor at all. Was there anyone in the room where Strickland Guerney had met his death? Very softly Johnny began the ascent of the wide staircase. Then, as he strained his ears, he heard the rustle of a skirt and the soft, smothered whimper of a frightened woman. He shrank back against the wall and waited. A bar of light crept out of the dark- ness and rested on the age-blackened oak of the study door. It wavered, as though the one who held it was nerv- ous. And then, into that bar of light was stretched a woman's hand--a slim, marvelously white hand that fitted a key into the lock! Bit by bit the reporter edged up the stairs. He had noticed where the elec- tric light switch was located on his first visit there that afternoon, and it stood him in good stead now. His hand felt along the wall until it touched the but- ton, and then he flooded the hall with dazzling light. With a gasp of fright, the woman straightened up and turned. Her soft, fair hair fell about her pallid cheeks, and the graceful gown she wore was spotted and torn from her trip over the fence and the kitchen window-sill. Even in that startling moment Johnny commented to himself on her wonder- ful beauty. "Who are you?" she whispered. The reporter smiled. "I was just going to ask that question of you." "Who are you ?" she repeated tensely. "What are you doing here?" "My name is John Suggs, and I hap- pen temporarily to be a wage slave of the Evening Star. You see," he said, with a careless wave of his free hand, "I was at the district police station when the news of Mr. Guerney's mur- der arrived--" "Murder!" whispered the girl, her hand going to her breast. "Murder! I--I thought the papers said it was sui- cide--" 