20 Black Shadows It was quite natural that Suggs should know the warden of the prison. It was equally natural that the warden should be glad to do a favor for a newspaper- man and the son of one of the city's most influential men. When Johnny asked to talk with Bradley the ^warden --supposing it to be an ordinary inter- view that was desired--assented, and led him to the old butler's cell himself. The wistful little man was reading his Bible, but he laid it down, and rose as Johnny entered. There was some- thing pathetically small and dusty about him--so much like a once-loved toy that has been relegated to a far corner of the closet--that Suggs felt very sorry for him. He said a word or two about being sad to see him there. Bradley responded gratefully. The warden considerately withdrew out of earshot. Suggs said, "I received that message you sent me, but couldn't make head or tail of it, so I came here to get the thing straight from your own lips." Bradley looked at him in a confused sort of a way. "I--I don't know what you're talking about, sir." "There's no need for mystification or melodrama," said Johnny impatiently. "I want to help clear this matter up. You shouldn't be here, but there are others who should. Most of all I want to help Mildred Guerney!" He thrust his face close to Bradley's, and uttered that phrase with the utmost emphasis of which he was capable. The butler's chin dropped; his mild blue eyes distended. "Don't you see, man?" the reporter whispered tensely. "I want to help her. It is quite possible that the police will hear of her shortly. Tell me what- ever you know. It may help." Bradley sat down on the cot, and wrung his hands. "I don't know a thin", Mr. Suggs, I swear to God I don't! Except that I made the impres- sion of the lock on his study door for her. I did sleep most of the afternoon,' and I don't know what happened during that time--" "Did Mrv Guerney really give the servants the day off, or did you?" "He did." "Why?" "I had told him Mildred was coming to the house. He was afraid she would make a scene, and the servants would hear it." "What was the meaning of the mes- sage you sent me?" "I never sent you any message, sir." Utterly exasperated, Johnny turned to the door. He could not understand why Bradley should deny having sent the note, if he really did send it. If he had not, who had, and why was the old butler's name signed to it? The re- porter jerked his note-pad from his pocket, and laid it before Bradley. "Write a few lines on there," he re- quested, "and sign your name. I want to compare it with that note I received this morning." The butler did as Suggs commanded. He seemed so utterly wearied that his power of resistance was burned out. Johnny pocketed the note, said a cheer- ful good-bye, and went down the corri- dor with the warden. He felt like a man in a labyrinth, striving desperately to reach the center, only to find himself as far away as ever. The center he sought was the solution to the triple murder in the Guerney house. His in- itial incentive, to spur up his father's regard, had been supplanted by another. He wanted to scatter the black shadows enveloping Mildred Guerney, and re- gain for her the fortune that was right- fully hers. Johnny headed at once for the Star office. Things were in full blast there, and no one paid any particular attention to him as he dived at his desk. The let- ter he had received that morning was 