70 Daughter of the Pigeon With a bound he was upon me, and I let go my fist, sending him rolling among the rocks. Regaining my feet, I reached his side and bent over him. How I accomplished the following feat I do not know--but I grasped him by the nape of the neck and one limb and lifted him clawing above me; staggered to the edge of the surf and hurled him head-first into the shallow water. As the weight left my hands I fell back on the rocks, but was up instantly --for the picture of Tahaiupehii as she darted into the cave, followed by that obese chief, was written in crimson on my brain. Shortly I reached the mouth of the cave, a huge gap in the cliffs, only par- tially roofed and under almost two feet of water. From the rear came a muf- fled roar. Splashing through water above my knees, often stumbling in the dimness, I covered what seemed miles, plunging with every' step further into the cave. At an abrupt turn I was brought into an outlet that ran between lofty walls. The light of the yellow moon intruded upon the gloom, faintly revealing the sucking, snarling tide that rolled over the rocks and eddied between the cliffs. They were there--Tahaiupehii and Habuhamo, locked together on the sur- face of a boulder. As I rounded the corner I saw her thrust him away and down upon him, something glistening held over her heart. I shrieked--but the gnashi g of the surf devoured my voice. Habuhamo sprang--and at his first movement Tahaiupehii plunged the shining thing into her breast. . . . I closed my eyes; I think I reeled, too, so sick with horror was I. When I re- gained the mastery of myself I dashed through the water, which was now just below my armpits, and drew myself upon the boulder where Habuhamo stood. I struck him from behind, knocked him flat upon the stone and threw my- self upon him, pinning him beneath my weight and sending my doubled fist time after time into the bloated, horrid face. My reason surrendered wholly to a frightful lust to murder. Blind to all except the bloodshot eyes beneath me, eyes that were glazed with horror, that beseeched mercy, I thrashed him, tore at his skin with my finger-nails; choked him, beat his face until its grotesque mutilation forced a hysterical laugh from my throat. My own madness nauseated me, yet not once did I falter or weaken in the ghastly business--not until the body was lifeless, and with my bruised, bloody hands I pushed it to the edge of the boulder and kicked it into the delirious water. The last glimpse I had of that sodden, rum- soaked flesh called Habuhamo was as the surf flung its foaming arms about it and dragged it out to sea. IV Tahaiupehii was conscious when I knelt beside her on the edge--slim and white as fire, her wet dark hair spread in a tangle about her lovely face. More than ever her features seemed fash- ioned from blue moonlight. "Tahaiupehii, Tahaiupehii!" I cried, trying to make myself heard above the surf. "I will take you out to my yacht --and you will get well--" Daughter of the Pigeon smiled, not at me or what I said, but because, I believe, she heard another voice ringing clear above the tumult of the sea--the voice of her boy-lover in the darkness of Po. She did not stir again, only lay there, lips locked, the childish smile frozen on her face. . . . I carried her down to the beach and placed her gently on the white sands. 