76 The Heart on the Mantel and if it ceases moving, I will have won." My situation was no longer terrify- ing ; it became a game, a battle. I was fighting, playing against the reddish- brown streak that thrashed continuously against its background of white; I was fighting its monotonous beats, its zig- zagging progress, its splashing sounds, the agitated wavelets it made., A mellow-toned clock boomed faintly in the distance. I counted its strokes --one--two--three-- The heart shot to the middle of the jar--for a moment became wholly rigid. Then its beating slowed. I stared, listened. Yes, its beats were timed ex- actly with each stroke of the clock. They came slowly, relentlessly, like a knell. I kept on counting. --Eight--nine--ten--eleven--twelve. At the last stroke the heart again be- came rigid. Then it sank slowly to the bottom of the jar and lay there mo- tionless. "I have won!" I told myself fiercely, exultingly. "I have beaten it! It was my nerves, but I have conquered them." Surely a sedative could do no harm now, I thought. The crisis had passed; I had shown my strength. So I hastily bared my arm and pricked into it a double dosage of morphine. Languor came speedily. I decided to not wait for Leon. So I went to bed, fell into a heavy sleep--and dreamed. I dreamed about the heart--this red- dish-brown lump on the mantel. I dreamed that it had eyes, that it watched me. I dreamed that it had a soul, a soul that was troubled and that troubled me. I dreamed that it had power, invisible and terrible; power that charmed me, cowed me, molded me, tortured me. I must have slept solidly throughout the night. I do not remember of awak- ing a single time. All I remember is that it was a night of hideous dreams against which I was powerless. I was awakened by a clatter at the stairs, by a pounding on the door, by a voice crying shrilly, queerly: "Henri! Let me in, Henri! Let me in!" I sprang up, into the study room, and opened the door. Francois Bourlin stumbled in, his face as chalklike as the white of his eyes. "Henri--haven't you heard--" he be- gan in a panicky tremolo. "Heard?" I stammered. "What?" "About Leon. Ah, it is terrible! All on account of that woman--Fanchette! . . . Leon has been arrested--has confessed! Last night at twelve o'clock the police found Leblanc's mutilated body in a sewer in the Rue de Loix. He had been dead for at least two days." Frangois clutched my arm fearfully, and his voice fell to a husky whisper: "Leon--Leon had cut his heart out!" I recoiled. Then my eyes flashed to the jar on the mantel. Glistening in the fresh morning light, against the white background of wall was a shriveled lump, inert, silent, dead. And I knew that it would never beat again. 