The Heart on the Mantel 73 from the devilish thing. I rummaged wildly in my desk till I found my syringe, my bottle of morphine. I drew up my sleeve and among the many al- most indistinguishable pits in my arm I pricked another. Calm came instantaneously. I laughed at my fruitful imagination. "It was my nerves," I thought. "I will tell no one." And, with freshened courage, I turned and gave a bold stare at the jar on the mantel. The heart had stopped beating, was lying silent, inert, in its diaphanous grave. When Leon came hurrying in a half- hour later I was getting ready for bed. His sallow, carelessly-wrought features were splashed with the high color that is raised by much wine and aroused ardor. "Henri," he cried, throwing aside his hat and ulster, "it has been a wonderful night! You should have had a girl and been with me, man ami." I was Surfeited on this kind of talk every night. But I hid my shrug and asked: "And where was it--the wonderful time ?" "At the Cafe Noir. Sacre, Fanchette is delightful! A wonderful companion! But you know her, mon Henri." Yes, I knew her--Fanchette--a mis- chievous imp of femininity. I had been with Leon to the Cafe Noir, a modest tavern owned and managed by Fan- chette's husband, M. Leblanc, a jolly little fellow so amorous-hearted and so trustful of Fanchette that before his very eyes she had carried on a flirtation with Leon. She was infatuated with him--that I could see; and here of late he had become infatuated with her. "But," I said to Leon, "what of the little girl back in Bayonne--Nina, the girl who writes to you each day, the girl you are to marry? What of her? Have you written to her this week?" He eyed me for a moment of hos- tility. "Certes, I have written to her." But I knew he lied; lying was a habit with him. "Quel diable!" he burst out angrily, after a moment. "Why do you ask me that? How does it concern you? Am I an old owl like you, to sit around poring over books hour after hour, day after day? Non, non! I am no owl. I have life. I love. I enjoy my- self. I am happy--till I see your gloomy face. Tiens, I provide for you, I give you room, I give you clothes; yet you correct me!" I did not argue with him, for I knew that he was partly right: he was rich, I was poor. And, after all, his amours were none of my business. Frangois came to study with me the next night, for on the day following a final examination yawned before us. We worked hard, nervously. And when' Frangois finally took his leave, my head was near bursting with thumpy aches. But, obsequious to duty, I bent over my study table and began to review some of Rollier's pamphlets--wonder- ful treatises on heliotherapy and arti- ficial pneumo-thorax. Outside, rain splashed down heavily, as if to crush my night-blackened window panes. The cry of the storm was the mourning cry of wretched, lonely beasts. But I read on and on till the words of Rollier be- came but dancing specks before my eyes. Suddenly, as if drawn by some sub- conscious power, I raised my head, turned slowly and stared--at the mantel. My eyes found the heart in its tall glass jar, its reddish-brown shape sharply defined against the white back- ground of wall.- It was beating more stanchly than on the night before, as if it had regained a lost vitality. At the top of the jar the alcohol 