94 The Man Who Would Not Die the other, his fears vanishing under the inspector's kindly manner. "The lady --Mrs. Winters--came into Harden &amp; Company's store, where I am employed as head salesman in the jewelry depart- ment, and asked to be shown something rather 'nifty' in a diamond brooch. That was yesterday afternoon. She looked at a number of pieces, finally selecting one valued at thirty thousand dollars. She asked me to lay it aside for her, stating that she wanted her mother, who was buying it for her for a birthday present, to look at it before she made her final decision. "This morning she returned and, coming into the store, requested that I accompany her to the curb with the brooch, as her mother, who was an in- valid, was outside in the limousine. Of course it was irregular, but she is an old customer--you know Harden &amp; Company's policy--so I did as request- ed. I handed her the jewel case just as we reached the machine and she passed it in to the woman--whom I supposed was her mother--who was leaning back against the cushions. The curtains were down and the interior was in semi-darkness, so I did not get a clear view of the face of the lady. "Just as she handed the other the jewel, the chauffeur, who had been keeping his engine running, leaned out and slugged me with something--a sandbag, I imagine. At the same time Mrs. Winters made a quick leap for the interior of the machine. But, in- voluntarily, as I fell I grasped her, and we went down in a heap together. "The chauffeur immediately started his machine and, before I recovered my wits, which had been largely knocked out of me, he was around the corner. I didn't even have an opportunity to get the number of the auto." "We have already attended to that," interrupted the inspector. "Casey'11 have it down in his notebook if anyone in the vicinity chanced to notice it. Were there many people on the side- walk at the time?" "They were constantly passing--the usual ten o'clock crowd." "Um-m-m, All right, go ahead with your story." "There is nothing more to tell. When I came to my senses--and I couldn't have been dazed more than a second or two--the machine was dis- appearing around the corner, as I just told you, and the woman was lying on the sidewalk beside me--dead. It must have-been apoplexy, inspector, for I'll swear on a stack of Bibles that I didn't seize her hard enough to kill her." He hesitated, then continued, haltingly: "But what puzzles me is why Mrs. Winters--a woman of untold wealth-- would stoop to aid in a crime like that." He looked at the inspector for an answer to his question. The latter smoked in silence for a second. "That's what we've got to find out, my boy. You said your name was--" "Johnson--Adolph Johnson." "Oh, yes. And she got away clean with the jewelry did she? The other woman--the one in the machine--and the chauffeur?" Johnson nodded. They were interrupted by a rap at die door. In response to Des Moines' gruff "Come in!" Casey entered, his good-na- tured, red face glowing with excitement. "What the dickens do you know about it, sir?" he exploded. "Winters has identified the body, positively, as being that of his wife." "But Mrs. Winters died yesterday af- ternoon." "She did. But sometime during the night her body disappeared. And this morning they found the body of her maid, dead, in the casket from which the mistress had been taken!" "Good God! Murdered?" "Not a mark on her body." 