64 Daughter of the Pigeon ached with the stillness of a sepulchre. After fully three minutes of groping forward my outstretched hands came in- to contact with a fungi-grown wall and as I turned to the left, my fingers slip- ping over the damp surface, I saw a broad strip of aniemic light streaking the darkness. It was very singular, such an illumination, apparently born of itself in the cavern, and I stood motionless, trying to discover its source. It was a noise that moved me--a groan--such as I once heard from the throat of a wounded devil-fish--a sound thrice hideous in the darksome cave. Had I coughed the following moment my heart would have lain upon the floor. From the vague light the groan had come, causing me to take an involuntary step--and not in the direction of the streak of illumination. I wanted to bolt it, but instead I forced myself to wait for a repetition of the noise, and when a moment had passed in silence, emboldened by the hush, I moved to- ward the strange glow. As I reached it I almost laughed. In the ceiling of the cave was a gap of great depth and breadth which admitted the moonlight, thus creating the singu- lar and startling pillar of light. Stars were visible, too--no longer low-hung, but seeming at distances illimitable. I had almost forgotten the terrible groan in my discovery when it was re- peated, weaker, nevertheless stirring the hair on my scalp. My eyes swept the shadows that hugged the pillar of light, and now, somewhat accustomed to the gloom, I could make out many square shapes be- yond the glow--objects that I perceived to be nothing less than sea-chests. The sight of them quickened my pulse. Iron-bound sea-chests; rusty locks; doubloons . . . I could not reach the nearest chest quick enough and as my fingers found the lock they trembled violently. To my surprise the lid yielded--but not without a shrill of protest from the an- cient hinges. Empty. I moved to the next one. Following the shriek of the unoiled iron, sheer horror drove its rapier the length of my body. I drew back, terrified, yet fasci- nated. In the huge sea-chest, face upturned, was a man. II I cannot adequately define my emo- tions. I was filled with a craven desire to run, to shut the lid upon the body, to do anything to escape the horrid cavern. How long I stood there, stiff with fright, I do not know, but it was some time, and the third groan aroused me from the fear-stupor. He was alive, I told myself--prob- ably injured. . . . I forced myself to grip the figure and drag it from the sea-chest into the pallid moonlight. It was a slim Marquesan youth, naked but for a pareu, an ugly blade driven hard into his stomach. The sight of the wound sickened me. His eyes were open and upon me--large, pathetic eyes. With him life was a matter of minutes. A surge of pity for the young body swept me. The death of youth is always a grim affair--a dark portal closing upon sublime vistas. To my surprise he smiled--a rather ghastly expression. "Menike," he whispered, something dark upon his lips. "You, you help me . . . I--" "Go on," I urged as his voice trailed off, and although I knew he was be- yond the aid of man I added. "I will help you." Again the ghastly smile. "Tahaiupe- hii--Daughter of the Pigeon--she--" Well, I finally got the story, a tale of 