The Long Arm of God 35 letters, all identical except the names. I put one of your names in each letter. I showed each one of you a different let- ter, playing each one of you against the other. That's why Kelly knifed you. He didn't care a cuss for Drew--he was itching for an opportunity to get you. See? I stuck Drew myself, using your knife to throw suspicion on you, know- ing that it would start the Irishman. Where I miscalculated was in thinking that you'd be armed. I didn't want to stain my own hands with murder any more than I had to. I put some dope in all of your grub last night when I got supper so that I could pull off the stunt without arousing you. "That idea of mine of playing each one of you against the other was pretty slick, wasn't it? No one knows of the existence of this blind gulch here. I'll have a pretty good nest egg, and, after I marry Cora, I can always take a run back here for more if I need it. Of course, I'll bury all of you fellows nice and shipshape and I'll tell them back home about our separating and each go- ing in a different direction. Oh, I've got a good yarn cooked up, all right." The wounded man glared at him malignantly. "Damn you!" he cried. "God's long arm will get you yet--even out here in the ice and snow of this God-forsaken country." Halligan smiled. "God? Bah! If I'd believed in such foolishness I'd never won out over the rest of you. But I made you think I did--and that's how I got the best of you." V He arose and stretched himself. Then, seizing the dead man, he dragged his victim out of doors and buried him alongside of the others. Mason watched him at his work with glaring eyes. Then, as he left the room, the wounded man dragged himself across the few feet that separated him from the bunk. Carefully, every move- ment filled with pain, he reached up and took the gun. He tried to lift himself to his feet and felt himself going. "O God," he murmured, "help me-- help me--get him--don't let him get-- away with it. Help me for Cora's sake." He succeeded in getting the weapon cocked--in hiding it inside his trousers pocket. His jaw dropped and, with a convul- sive twitch, he died. Halligan finished burying Kelly and returned to the cabin for warmth. Re- plenishing the fire, he entered the other room and found Mason dead. Throw- ing him across his shoulder, he staggered out into the gulch again and laid him on the snow crust while he hastily scooped another shallow grave. He bent over the body to roll it into the hole. As he did so there was a flash and a report. The bullet swept across his lids, searing them with its heat. His eyes were filled with the powder. Blinded, sobbing with his misery, he tried to grope his way back to the cabin. He lost his sense of direction. He stumbled and fell, arose and stumbled again. His snowshoes dropped from his feet. Too miserable to care, he tried to go on without them. He broke through the crust to his waist. On and on he floundered his way, whimpering with pain--chilled to the marrow-- thinking to reach the cabin, but ever getting farther from it. And finally, exhausted, blinded, freez- ing, he fell into the stupor which marks the beginning of the end in the Land of Eternal Snow. For the sudden cold, grasping hold of the dead body of Mason, had hastened rigor mortis. The dead fin- gers, stiffening suddenly, had tight- ened about the trigger of the hid- den revolver. It was the long arm of God. 