The Man Who Would Not Die 97 moned Doctor Bennett, who made an examination. He would not even venture an opinion as to what caused death. "Meanwhile, I was almost beside my- self. Can you blame me? We searched the house from cellar to garret, looking for the remains of my wife. Failing to find her body, we were about to call up police headquarters--which we should have done in the beginning:--when I re- ceived the call to go to the morgue. There I found the poor dear. I demand that immediate steps be taken to bring the perpetrator of the hellish deed to jus- tice! I am a wealthy man. I will spend every cent I possess to hang the wretch. Damn him!" Inspector Des Moines scratched his chin reflectively. "It's got me beat, Mr. Winters. I'll confess that I never came across a case like this in all of my twenty years on the force. You are ready to swear that your wife died yesterday af- ternoon and that you saw her body in the coffin. A reputable physician made an examination and pronounced her dead. Yet-- Are you sure that the body you examined in the morgue is that of Mrs. Winters ?" "Positively. I identified it, not only by her sweet girlish face, but by a small birthmark on her left shoulder." "She had no sister? She was not a twin?" "She was an only child." "Then, Mr. Winters, how do you rec- oncile your story with that of Mr. John- son, here, who swears that the woman whose body you saw in the morgue, and have identified as your wife, was alive and well at ten o'clock this morning? Yes, he even goes farther and asserts that he talked to her and that she, aided by two others, robbed Harden &amp; Com- pany of a valuable diamond brooch." Winters leaped to his feet, his eyes blazing, his face aflame with rage. "He's an infernal liar and a blackguard--" Before he could continue, there was a rap at the door. Des Moines' secretary entered. He handed the inspector an en- velope marked "Important. Winters Case." The policeman tore the envelope open and glanced hastily over the contents. Then, with an oath, he read it aloud to the others: My dear Inspector: I have just start- ed. I am Lessman, the man -who laughs at death! I killed Mrs. Winters! I killed her as I have killed others--and as I wiil kill again--by the power of thought alone! Unravel that if you can. What is death, my dear inspector? Who knows? No one but me. What is the human body ? Only a prison in which the soul is confined--a piece of clay to be discarded at will. God kills when he wishes. Why not I? It suited my pur- pose to use the mortal form of Mrs. Winters, and I took it. Hereafter, I will give you due and timely notice of each crime I commit-- and I assure you that they will be nu- merous. With best wishes, I sign myself Lessman, The Man Who Will Not Die. IV The Winters' mystery was the most interesting news event of the day and the afternoon papers made the most of it. At its best, the city administration was not a favorite with the press. Au- gustus Winters was wealthy and popu- lar, his wife had been one of the leaders of the faster young society set. As a re- sult, the police department was grilled to a turnover for what was termed the laxity of its methods. Inspector Des Moines, accustomed to the vagaries of journalism, used to being praised one day and reviled the next, gave little heed to what was said or writ- ten about him or his department. Yet he read every detail carefully in the hope that the reporters had gathered some B. M.--Sept.--7 