50 The Deviltry of Dr. Waugh He hurried his steps; as he reached the body, the doctor's head jerked for- ward in astonishment. "Great Heavens!" he whispered in amazed awe. "Doctor Waugh !" In the medical world the name of Dr. Kensaw Arlington Waugh was one to conjure with. A specialist of renown, he had lectured at the medical school from which Doctor Lake had been graduated and, although he did not know him except as a student would be expected to know a class instructor, it made death more of a personal matter and, for a moment, shattered his pro- fessional calm. He had always had a great admiration for the somewhat ec- centric specialist. "What a horrible death!" shuddered Dr, Lake. "I never saw such an ex- pression on a human face!" Mastering his emotions, he became at once his professional self. With deft fingers he searched _for signs of vio- lence; to his perplexity there was no wound, 110 laceration, not a single mark. Even the clothing bore no evi- dence of a violent struggle. He decided that some instantaneous poison must have been used, probably cyanide, which, while it acts so quickly that the victim's life is snapped like a tight-drawn thread, seizes the body in one quick, horrible convulsion and leaves the muscles as of stone. But he failed to find the. tell-tale rigidity of tissues which he had expected. "Not cyanide, that is certain," he said in abstracted monologue. "Confounded queer business, eh, Wheaton?" Farmer Weaton stood some feet away, back turned; it was apparent that he had no morbid liking for grue- some things. Dr. Lake bent forward, his attention attracted by a faint abrasion on Dr. Waugh's neck, a place less than two inches long under the chin and slightly below the ear where the skin had been rubbed nearly raw by some rough sur- face. Shaking his head in frank be- wilderment, he walked over to Farmer Wheaton. "Wheaton," he said sternly, "why did you tell me that this man was mur- dered?" Startled by the accusing, suspicious note in the young doctor's voice, the farmer flushed. "Because," he said angrily, "a man with an expression like THAT on his face never died a natural death. Why --you don't mean to tell me that he wasn't murdered?" "There's not a single mark of vio- lence, Mr. Wheaton." "Mebbe not, Doctor, but his face ... it looks ... it looks--" His voice dropped to a sepulchral whisper. ". . . like he had been scared to death!" "Nonsense!" snapped Dr. Lake im- patiently. "Men aren't scared to death --outside of book covers." "You're a doctor, sir; I guess you know," admitted the farmer humbly. Dr. Lake absently creased his leather automobile gauntlets. "Something devilish mysterious about this," he said. "What could Dr. Waugh be doing out here at an old deserted farmhouse? A first-rate mys- tery, I call it. I tell you what you do: There's a farm a quarter of a mile or so down the road. You go down there and telephone to Coroner Hopkins. I'll look around a bit and wait for him. I feel quite an interest in this; Dr. Waugh was one of my instructors at medical college. I might be able to help a bit; the coroner is a feeble old man with a brain about as palsied as his hands. I'm afraid that if we depend on him, the law will be a long time in getting this thing solved." As Farmer Wheaton made his way back to the road again, Dr. Lake began a survey of the premises. 