344 WEIRD TALES ing how I had met the judge for the first time, so shortly after my desperate strug- gle with the point-eared demon. "No- body knows where he was when the con- stable's brother was attacked and mortally wounded." She gazed about fearfully. "Nobody," she added breathlessly, "knows where he is now." I was remembering a conversation with him; he had spoken of books, mentioning a rare, a supposedly non-existent volume. What was it? . . . the Wicked Bible. And what was it I had once heard about that work? It came back to me now, out of the sub-conscious brain-chamber where, ap- parently, one stores everything he hears or reads in idleness, and from which such items creep on occasion. It had been in Lewis Spence's Encyclopedia of Occult- ism, now on the shelf in my New York apartment. The Wicked Bible, scripture for witches and wizards, from which magic-mongers of the Dark Ages drew their inspiration and their knowledge! And Judge Pur- suivant had admitted to having one! What had he learned from it? How had he been so glib about the science-- yes, and the psychology--of being a werewolf? "If what we suspect is true," I said to Susan, "we are here at his mercy. No- body is going to come in here, not if horses dragged them. At his leisure he will fall upon us and tear us to pieces." But, even as I spoke, I despised myself for my weak fears in her presence. I picked up my club and was comforted by its weight and thickness. "I met that devil once," I said, study- ing cheer and confidence into my voice this time. "I don't think it relished the meeting any too much. Next time won't be any more profitable for it." She smiled at me, as if in comradely encouragement; then we both started and fell silent. There had risen, somewhere among the thickets, a long low whining. I PUT out a foot, stealthily, as though fearful of being caught in motion. A quick kick flung more wood on the fire. I blinked in the light and felt the heat. Standing there, as a primitive man might have stood in his flame-guarded camp to face the horrors of the ancient world, I tried to judge by ear the direction of that whine. It died, and I heard, perhaps in my imagination, a stealthy padding. Then the whining began again, from a new quarter and nearer. I made myself step toward it. My shadow, leaping grotesquely among the tree trunks, almost frightened me out of my wits. The whine had changed into a crooning wail, such as that with which dogs salute the full moon. It seemed to plead, to promise; and it was coming closer to the clearing. Once before I had challenged and taunted the thing with scornful words. Now I could not make my lips form a single syllable. Probably it was just as well, for I thought and watched the more. Something black and cautious was mov- ing among the branches, just beyond the shrubbery that screened it from our fire- light. I knew, without need of a clear view, what that black something was. I lifted my club to the ready. The sound it made had become in some fashion articulate, though not human in any quality. There were no words to it, but it spoke to the heart. The note of plea and promise had become one of com- mand--and not directed to me. I found my own voice. "Get out of here, you devil!" I roared at it, and threw my club. Even as I let go of it, I wished I had not. the bushes foiled my aim, and the missile crashed