THE TEAKWOOD BOX 359 ghouls which stuck forth from the sides appeared to be tireless, unearthly sen- tinels, waiting, watching for a suitable offering for their drooling master within. The stick-bodied widow, shut off in a little corner impervious to the noisy streets around her, had prized the six- inch-high box much more than anything else she owned, because of the eccentric affection her husband had placed on it when he was alive. Though he always feared the box, he would sit and watch it for hours, without uttering more than a phrase. One time when his wife had re- turned from shopping, she found him standing in the little yard, blanched and trembling. "Never, never, can we sell or dispose of that box!" he cried. "The devil inside told me so; if we did, he would do some- thing horrible!" Mrs. Wright wondered whether her husband had concentrated for so long on the object that his imagination had given him that message, but because of the frightened look in his eyes she accepted what he said and did not question him about it. Wright never spoke about the teakwood box after that, but he sat with it oftener than before; his face, rather than appearing curious, had a grim, hyp- notized look as he gazed in silence upon the treasure. Carefully dusted several times a week, and kept glistening with polish, the curio had rested in a place of honor on the liv- ing-room mantelpiece, where it some- times glowed a mysterious, uncanny lus- ter when a few stray rays of the sun penetrated to it from the curtained win- dows. BUT Mrs. Wright could not comply with the ransom demands of the thief who had snatched it and realized the esteem placed on the box by its owner, because of the obvious care with which it was kept. The old woman was sniffling softly into a tiny, lace handker- chief which she clutched in thin, ivory- colored hands. "One hundred and fifty bucks or noth- in'!" sneered San Pedro Joe. These old people got on his nerves. They were so damned irritating and slow. "But I can't--can't get that much money," trembled Mrs. Wright, her fin- gers tightening around the phone re- ceiver. "You're out of luck then, old woman," deridingly returned the thief, and hung up. Ordinarily, he would have dickered to get the best price possible for the stolen object, even though it was lower than he first demanded. But in this case, it gave him a feeling of satisfaction to crush brutally the faltering woman's hap- piness. San Pedro Joe slowly stepped out of the phone booth, and quickened his pace as he neared the store entrance. He spat at the curbing. His pasty, selfish face was set off by thin, twisting lips. The black suit he wore was ill-kept, bulging in the wrong places. It was young Joe's habit to drum his fingers on any surface convenient when he was uneasy, and that was most of the time. His watery, cold blue eyes were continually shifting, weighing peo- ple he encountered. Joe specialized in robbing ill-kept, run-down homes; there was nearly always something worth his troubles, and then his victims seldom could afford to have much investigation concerning their losses. He was like a cunning spider feeding on bewildered, fluttering moths caught in his net. In half an hour Joe arrived at his apartment, located in a battered, two- story stucco in the southwest part of Los Angeles. A brief stretch of yellow, dry grass ran between the sidewalk and the