THE THING ON THE FLOOR 285 going to go far beyond the ordinary hypnotist's procedure--" He carefully picked up, with the pliers, the fifty-cent piece. For a long moment he let the moaning flame play on the coin, until both coin and plier-tips glowed angrily. Calmly, without warning, he dropped the burning coin on his servant's naked wrist! A woman screamed. But, then, gasps of relief eddied from the tense audience. For, although the glowing whiteness of the coin had scarcely begun to fade into cherry-red, the man Stepan had shown no sign that he felt pain! There was no stench of burning flesh in the room. Even the fine hairs on the back of the servant's wrist, hairs that touched and curled deli- cately above the burning coin, showed not the slightest sign of singeing! Dmitri's face was an obese smirk. "In order that you may be convinced that this is neither illusion nor trickery," he grunted, "watch!" Carefully he tapped the coin with the pliers, knocking it from the man's wrist to the floor. Around the coin's glowing rim smoke began to rise. ... Still smirking, Dmitri poured a half- glass of ice-water on the red-hot coin, and the water hissed and fumed as it struck the incandescent metal. There was a little puff of thick smoke from the burning wood, and now the coin was cold --cold and black and seared. No scar marked the servant's white wrist! Dmitri rubbed his great, shapeless hands together. And, shuddering, Mary Roberts watched him, for she knew in- stinctively that this was, indeed, no trick- ery. . . . Abruptly Dmitri lifted the roaring torch, thrust its fierce blast full in his servant's face, held it there for a moment that seemed an eternity, Then he turned a valve, and the hot flame died. Though the man Stepan's face was streaked with carbon soot, the flesh was smooth and unharmed as though the blue flame had never been! Dmitri looked at his guests, and chuckled! "One more test," he boomed, then, "and we will turn to more pleasant things. Believe me when I tell you that these hor- rors are necessary if you would have faith in me." He picked up the small auto- matic pistol. "Will someone examine this weapon, assure you all that it is fully- loaded?" No one offered to touch the gun. Dmitri shrugged. "Do not doubt me; the weapon is loaded, and with lethal ammunition." He wheeled, and for an instant the gun hammered rapidly, and on the breast of his servant's shirt, over the heart, there appeared suddenly a little cluster of black-edged holes, beneath whidi the white flesh gleamed un- marked. . . . Dmitri put down the gun and rubbed his hands together affably. "Should anyone care to examine the back of that chair, he will find all the bullets I have just fired, together with a great many others fired in previous ex- periments." He stooped over his still, pallid-faced servant. "You may awaken now, little one." Then, to the horror- ridden group before him, "There will be refreshments and music immediately, downstairs. I will mingle among you, and you may ask me any questions you wish." Stepan, the slight, wholly undistin- guished-appearing servant, had risen from the chair and was holding wide the door. Slowly, regally, his master walked from the room. . . .