A MAGAZINE OF THE BIZARRE AND UNUSUAL Weird Tales Registered in U.S. Patent Office Volume 31 Contents for March, 1938 Number 3 Cover Design M. Brundage Illustrating "Incense of Abomination" "Like one, that on a lonesome road" Virgil Finlay 257 Pictorial interpretation from "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner" Incense of Abomination Seabury Quinn 259 A daring story of Devil-worship, strange suicides, and Jules de Grandin The Poets Robert E. Howard 279 Posthumous verse, by a late master of weird literature The Thing on the Floor Thorp McClusky 280 The story of an unscrupulous hypnotist, and the frightful thing called Stepan Dreadful Sleep Jack Williamson 298 A romantic and tragic tale of fearsome beings that lay in slumber under the antarctic ice The Shadow on the Screen Henry Kuttner 320 A weird story of Hollywood and the silver screen Beyond the Wall of Sleep H. P. Lovecraft 331 What splendid yet terrible experiences came to the poor mountaineer while he slept? The Hairy Ones Shall Dance (end) Gans T. Field 339 A novel of terror and sudden death, and the frightful thing that laired in the Devil's Croft Guarded Mearle Prout 354 A brief tale of murder--by the author of "The House of the Worm" The Teakwood Box Johns Harrington 358 San Pedro Joe found the secret in that intricately carved Oriental box To Howard Phillips Lovecraft Francis Flagg 361 Sonnet to a late master of weird literature The Head in the Window Roy Temple House 362 A brief tale, adapted from the German of Wilhelm von Scholz Weird Story Reprint: The Girl from Samarcand E. Hoffmann Price 367 A favorite tale by a master of fantasy, reprinted by popular demand The Eyrie 378 Wherein the readers of WEIRD TALES voice their opinions Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 East Washington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies 25 cents. Subscription rates: One year in the United States and possessions, Cuba, Mexico, South America, Span, $2.50; Canada, $2.75; elsewhere, $3.00. English office; Otis A. Kline, c/o John Paradise, 86 Strand, W. C. 2, London. The pub-lishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission of the publishers. NOTE--All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Ill. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright 1937, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company. COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN WEIRD TALES ISSUED 1st OF EACH MONTH 258