DREADFUL SLEEP 309 me, until I looked up into those great purple orbs. They came down to my face, and I felt a warmth of supernal peace. The fear was gone. "That's right," I said. "We're going to use atomic power. Doctor Bell hopes to make the whole continent temperate, and open it up to settlement." "Then you must give up the plan," Karalee rendered the swift reply. "For the ice must never be thawed. . . . Death is sleeping under the ice, Ron Dunbar-- the death of all the world! Take care lest you rouse it." "Death?" I demanded. "What do you mean?" Then took place the strangest and cer- tainly the most terrible part of all that in- credible adventure. We still stood together beside that colossal purple pylon, on the naked gran- ite of that frozen peak. Red as blood, the midnight sun burned low in the horizon- less distance, where the gray illimitable desert of ice merged with the gray and featureless sky. A bitter wind howled and moaned about the towers of the pylon. I was insensible of any cold, but the girl Karalee was already pale, shiver- ing. She had gestured toward the steps that led down to the door in the rock. "Let us go down into my rooms," she said. "It is warmer there." Dark with longing and regret, her eyes looked at Maru-Mora, and back at me. "If you are forbidden ever to return, at least--" Maru-Mora's piping cut her off. As if answering a command, the girl stepped quickly to the flying being. She held out a mittened hand. Tiny golden fingers clasped it. "Come," the girl translated. "Maru- Mora is carrying us to see the peril that you must not rouse. It is They That Sleep." We rose again. I had the briefest glimpse of Karalee left standing on that frozen ledge, her arm rigidly extended. Yet she was with us also, drawn by Maru- Mora's other hand--drawn out of her body, as I had been. WE THREE soared swiftly through chill gray mists, descended upon a rugged ice-plain from which jutted great boulders of granite, black, naked, shat- tered with the frost of ages. We stood at the brink of a dark crevasse. Karalee pointed across it. Her lips moved twice before she could speak, and her voice came muffled, breath- less, choked with horror. "There," she said. "One of Them. It is the Watcher." I shuddered at sight of that monstrous thing. It stood upright upon a cragged boulder, and it did not move. The body of it was black, covered with great scales, a swollen elongated thing shaped like an immense barrel. It stood upon three black tentacular limbs, whose extremities had coiled like mighty serpents to grasp the granite. Head, it had none. But the bulged up- per end of the black body was broken with a great sharp triangular projection, which looked like a hideous snout. Three scaled triangular flaps, just about its swol- len equatorial belt, might, I thought, cover strange organs of sense. This creature was utterly horrifying, in a sense I can hardly define. Its horror held nothing familiar. If Maru-Mora was clearly non-human, it was certainly non- terrestrial. It chilled me with an element- al, absolute revulsion. I knew that the girl was sick and cold with dread. I heard her make a pleading little whistle: her human imitation of the voice of Maru-Mora. Her strained hoarse whisper came to me, urgent: "Look swiftly, Ron, so that we can go. I do not like these things. But Maru- Mora says you must see--"