314 WEIRD TALES ror crept down to our right, and at last the Ross Barrier came marching out of the ever-thickening saffron mists, a black and hostile wall towering hundreds of feet to the white desert of flying snow. Jerry Harding had come up into the cockpit, after Veering went back, bring- ing hot coffee. Her brave gray eyes scanned the wall of ice ahead; then she looked at me, and her voice came quiet and grave: "We are flying very low, Ron. Do you think--" "I've been trying to keep under the wind," I said. "The ship is heavy, but she'll climb--she has to climb eighteen thousand feet to cross the passes into the Stapledon Basin. But she'll pull through." "I hope so, Ron," Jerry said. "Aston has staked everything. ... So much de- pends on us--a whole new world!" The blizzard screaming off the ice shelf, as I brought the ship up, struck like the hand of a demoniac giant. She shud- dered like a stricken thing, and plunged down again into the mist of ice crystal whipped off the frozen barrier. Harding's wife stifled her instinctive cry of fear, but her white small hand went convulsively tight on my shoulder. Her gray eyes looked at me, big with that ter- rible question. "It's all right, Jerry." I tried to get some calm into my voice. "The Queen has never failed me yet. She's brave--as a woman!" And she didn't fail me then. She came up again, with motors thundering wide open, through that flying spume of frost. She hung, evenly battling the wind, for a heart-breaking moment above the frozen blade that edged the ice plateau. She sank --lifted--leapt ahead. "And here we are--on the world we've come to conquer." Jerry Harding caught a breath of relief, and her hand relaxed on my shoulder. She leaned across to peer down at the polar world, thickly misted with blizzard- whipped snow, savage-fanged with hum- mocks and pressure ridges, black-scarred with abysmal crevasses. Then again something happened that it is difficult to account for in the cold rational light of established science. A small thing in itself, perhaps--merely the inexplicable sensation of an instant--but terrible in its significance. I had looked aside at Jerry's frail love- liness, her pale lips now parted with a little smile. And some warning tentacle of cold reached suddenly into the insu- lated cabin, to touch my spine. Some- thing, I know, made me shudder, made my trembling hands knot hard on the wheel. It was a thing I could not explain, any more than the dream of the Seeker. But in that instant, as surely as if I had seen her lying in her coffin, I knew that Jerry was doomed. She knew it, too. She felt the same ghastly intuition--that was the terrible part. Otherwise I should have ignored it, set it down to fatigue and my own vague fears, for I have never been ruled by hunches. Her face went abruptly paler. She caught her breath, and her white lips set. For a moment her whole thin body was rigid. Then her gray eyes looked at me, suddenly dark, dreadful, shadowed with the doom I knew they had seen. "Quite a bump, we passed," I said, as easily as I could. "Made me giddy for a moment, and nearly got the controls." For a long, terrible moment, her tor- tured eyes looked into my face, straining as if to read some awful secret. I tried not to let her know I had shared that fear- ful premonition. At last she swallowed uneasily. "Ron," she said uncertainly, "if--if anything should happen to me, please