INCENSE OF ABOMINATION 275 tender, but still she stood there pleading, entreating, begging me, though what it was she wanted I could not divine. I threw my arm across my eyes to shut the vision out, but when I took it down she was still there, and still the water dripped from her entreating hands, ran in little courses from her dankly-hanging hair, fell drop by drop from the sopping cords that ringed her ankles. "I STUMBLED blindly from the house and walked the streets for hours. Presently I bought a paper, and the head- lines told me Donald Atkins had been found, a suicide, in his apartment. "When I reached my house again the incense still hung in the air, but the vision of Marescha was not there. I drank al- most a pint of brandy, neat, and fell across my bed. When I recovered from my alcoholic stupor Marescha stood beside me, her great eyes luminous with tears, her hands outstretched in mute entreaty. "She's been with me almost every wak- ing instant since that night. I drank myself into oblivion, but every time I sobered she was standing by me. I'd walk the streets for hours, but every time I halted she would be there, always silent, always with her hands held out, always with that look of supplication in her tear-filled eyes. I'd rush at her and try to drive her off with blows and kicks. She seemed to float away, staying just outside my reach, however savagely I ran at her, and though I cursed her, using every foul word I knew, she never changed expression, never showed resentment; just stood and looked at me with sad, imploring eyes, always seeming to be begging me for something. "I can't endure it any longer, gentle- men. Tonight she stood beside me when I halted on North Bridge, and I'd have been at peace by now if you'd not come along--" "Non, there you are mistaken, mon ami," de Grandin contradicted. "Had you carried your intention out and leaped into the river you would have sealed your doom irrevocably. Instead of leaving her you would have joined her for eternity." "All right," Balderson asked rasping- ly, "I suppose you have a better plan?" "I think I have," the little Frenchman answered. "First, I would suggest you let us give you sedatives. You will not be troubled while you sleep, and while you rest we shall be active." "SHAKESPEARE was right," I said as we left our patient sleeping from a dose of chloral hydrate. "Conscience does make cowards of us all. The memory of that early indiscretion has haunted that quartet of worthless youngsters twenty years. No wonder they kept seeing that poor girl after they'd thrown her so cal- lously into the Shrewsbury. Of all the heartless, despicable things--" He emerged from a brown study long enough to interrupt: "And is your con- science clean, my friend?" "What has my conscience to do with it? I didn't throw a dead girl in the river; I didn't--" "Précisément, neither did the good Costello, yet both of you described the odor of that Devil's incense: Costello when he went to view the bodies of the suicides, you when we halted Monsieur Balderson's attempt at self-destruction. Were you also haunted by that scent, or were you not?" "I smelled it," I responded frigidly, "but I wasn't haunted by it. Just what is it you're driving at?" "That the odor of that incense, or even the perception of the dead Marescha's revenant, is no optical illusion caused by guilty conscience. It is my firm conviction that the apparition which appeared to these unfortunate young men was the