THE SHADOW ON THE SCREEN 323 IT WAS Tuesday night when I drove out of the studio and took a short cut through Griffith Park, past the Planetari- um, to Glendale. From there I went on to Tujunga, to the address Worth had given me. Once or twice I had an uneasy sus- picion that a black coupé was trailing me, but I couldn't be sure. Arnold Keene's house was in a little canyon hidden back in the Tujunga moun- tains. I had to follow a winding dirt road for several miles, and ford a stream or two, before I readied it. The place was built against the side of the canyon, and a man stood on the porch and watched me as I braked my car to a stop. It was Arnold Keene. I recognized him immediately. He was a slender man under middle height, with a closely cropped bristle of gray hair; his face was coldly austere. There had been a rumor that Keene had at one time been an offi- cer in Prussia before he came to Holly- wood and Americanized his name, and, scrutinizing him, I could well believe it. His eyes were like pale blue marbles, curiously shallow. He said, "Peter Haviland? I did not expect you until tomorrow night." I shook hands. "Sorry if I intrude," I apologized. "The fact is, I got impatient after what Worth told me about your film. He isn't here, by any chance?" The shallow eyes were unreadable. "No. But come in. Luckily, the develop- ing took less time than I had anticipated. I need only a few more shots to complete my task." He ushered me into the house, which was thoroughly modern and comfortably furnished. Under the influence of good cognac my suspicions began to dissolve. I told Keene I had always admired his Ape of God. He made a wry grimace. "Amateurish, Haviland. I depended too much on ho- kum in that film. Merely devil-worship, a reincarnated Gilles de Rais, and sadism. That isn't true weirdness." I was interested. "That's correct. But the film had genuine power--" "Man has nothing of the weird in him intrinsically. It is only the hints of the utterly abnormal and unhuman that give one the true feeling of weirdness. That, and human reactions to such supernatural phenomena. Look at any great weird work--The Horla, which tells of a man's reaction to a creature utterly alien, Black- wood's Willows, Machen's Black Seal, Lovecraft's Color Out of Space--all these deal with the absolutely alien influencing normal lives. Sadism and death may con- tribute, but alone they cannot produce the true, intangible atmosphere of weird- ness." I had read all these tales. "But you can't film the indescribable. How could you show the invisible beings of The Willows?" Keene hesitated. "I think I'll let my film answer that. I have a projection room downstairs--" The bell rang sharply. I could not help noticing the quick glance Keene darted at me. With an apologetic gesture he went out and presently returned with Ann Howard at his side. She was smiling rather shakily. "Did you forget our date, Pete?" she asked me. I blinked, and suddenly remembered. Two weeks ago I had promised to take Ann to an affair in Laguna Beach this evening, but in my preoccupation with Keene's picture the date had slipped my mind. I stammered apologies. "Oh, that's all right," she broke in. "I'd much rather stay here--that is, if Mr. Keene doesn't mind. His picture-" "You know about it?" "I told her," Keene said. "When she explained why she had come, I took the liberty of inviting her to stay to watch the