DREADFUL SLEEP 307 nized the very Mountains of Despair, of which my party had made an aerial sur- vey on the last expedition, and lying vast and desolate beyond them, the Stapledon Basin. And down we sloped again, across gray crevasse-riven glaciers, toward a tow- ering transpolar range that I had glimpsed in the distance, called the Mountains of Uranus, but had never reached. As we dropped toward those black granite peaks, bleakly stark, frost-shat- tered, yet rearing so majestically from the eternal ice, I was amazed to see what seemed a building, with twin hexagonal towers, projecting above the naked wind- swept ledges of a rounded summit. This structure--I hardly know a name for it--seemed deeply anchored in the living granite. Its material was un- familiar: ice-clear and richly purple, like some unimaginable colossal amethyst. Its low massive outline somewhat suggested those towered gateways of the ancient Egyptians that archeologists call pylons. But it had no opening; it appeared door- less, windowless, one solid block of flaw- less crystal. Near it, however, a wide fissure cleft the black summit. Worn stone steps, freshly swept free of snow, led down into it. At their foot was a massive door of black metal, battered and corroded as if by the impact of ages. WE SETTLED down upon the barren ledge above the fissure. I stood upon the snow-patched granite--or it seemed that I did, for I was still aware that my body lay back in New York. And the shining being floated beside me, the golden tendrils of her fingers still grasp- ing my hand. A weirdly unforgettable scene. The stark black mountain beneath us tower- ing above the gray infinity of ice. The midnight sun burning low and ominously red in the misty distance. The immemo- rial mass of that towered crystal block, strange with deep-cut glyphs, looming above us like the enigmatic monument of some lost and forgotten race. But the being at my side was looking down at that ancient black door. Her eery piping keened out again, calling. A little time went by. Then a girl opened the door, and came running lightly up the steps. She was beautiful--slender, tall, filled with the glory of young womanhood. Her trim clothing was strangely cut from some pure white fur. The one strand of hair that escaped her close-fitting cap was a gorgeous ruddy gold. Her oval face was very fair, the forehead high and white. Her wide blue eyes were burning with some new-born eagerness. Beautiful. . . . My stumbling words could never convey her perfect loveliness. I looked at her, drank deep of her vital splendor, for some old, haunting thirst was being satisfied. She held some elusive perfection that I had sought, for many weary years, in many lands, even in my polar explorations, and never glimpsed before. Beautiful. . . . I knew instantly that I wanted her, to possess and to serve, to love, for ever. And I knew, bitterly, that this was was only some strange dream, that I really lay still--or my body did-- back in New York City. "Maru-Mora!" The girl ran to the flying being, with that eager greeting on her tongue. She embraced those golden shoulders, light- ly, gently. A tiny golden-furred hand stroked her head, affectionately. Then the keen thin piping of Maru-Mora came again, and the girl turned eagerly toward me. "I know your name: you are Ron Dunbar," she said, surprizingly. She spoke English. Her voice was low, faint-