GUARDED 357 turned aside to go around a cluster of young cedars which was directly in his path. Suddenly he drew back sharply. Again his hand tested the keen edge of that knife, but not this time from nerv- ousness. Jed was not thinking now of defense. Two hundred feet beyond the cedars, on the smooth unbroken grass floor of the hollow, was a man milking. His back was turned to the cedars, but Jed thought he recognized that slim youthful form. He believed it was Ezekiel. Stepping lightly, one hand on his belt where he could immediately grasp the knife, Jed moved into the open. Half- way across the level space, his hand moved yet closer to the knife, while the ghost of a grin curved his lips. Without a doubt it was Ezekiel Simmons. The man milking did not look up. The milk jetted into the half-filled bucket with a low murmur, just loud enough to mask Jed's guarded footsteps. Step by step Jed advanced. If only Ezekiel did not see him! If only the cow did not sense his presence and turn un- expectedly! Step by step further--Jed was tense with excitement. There was no midday sun this time to blind his eyes and fill his soul with a nameless fear. Nor would he be unnerved by the twilight stillness; it was always still at sunset, here in these mountains. . . . Ten feet now. The milk still swished into the pail uninterruptedly, the steady grinding of the cow's molars never ceased. Suddenly Jed tugged at his belt and leapt forward. "Got you!" he shouted aloud. But the exultant cry died suddenly in- to a moan of horror. The arm bearing the knife poised high for the blow, Jed felt something like an electric shock course through its length. Instead of swinging forward to strike the man in front of him, the knife turned in his hand, his wrist and elbow bent at a crazy angle, and the razor-edge steel ripped through the cords of his neck. Staggered more by his realization of the awful consequences than by present pain, Jed sank to the grass, while gouts of blood spurted from a torn jugular. His first mad terror past, he became aware that Ezekiel was standing over him, scorn darkening his features. "So it was you, Tolliver. Abner warned me--about you." "I'd have got you too--only Ab- ner--" "Abner was a good brother. He told me--weeks before he died--that if any- thing happened, he'd--guard me." Jed felt himself weaker. His head was strangely without weight, and objects around swam lazily in the pale twilight. He lay back on the grass. "Should have got you, Ezekiel-- shouldn't have--missed," he murmured sleepily as the shadows gathered. He raised his head slightly to listen. Was that a light mocking laugh he heard in the grass beside him? He listened again, before the darkness came down. No--he could not be sure. . . .