COMING NEXT MONTH AT THE core of the strange garden, where a circular space was still vacant amid the crowding growths, Adompha came to a mound of loamy, fresh-dug earth. Beside it, wholly nude, and pale and supine as if in death, there lay the odalisque Thulo- neah. Near her, various knives and other implements, together with vials of liquid balsams and viscid gums that Dwerulas used in his grafting, had been emptied upon the ground from a leathern bag. A plant known as the dedaim, with a bulbous, pulpy, whitish-green bole from whose center rose and radiated several leafless reptilian boughs, dripped upon Thulo- neah's bosom an occasional drop of yellowish-red ichor from incisions made in its smooth bark. Behind the loamy mound, Dwerulas rose to view with the suddenness of a demon emerging from his subterrene lair. In his hands he held the spade with which he had just finished digging a deep and grave-like hole. Beside the regal stature and girth of Adompha, he seemed no more than a wizened dwarf. His aspect bore all the marks of immense age, as if dusty centuries had sered his flesh and sucked the blood from his veins. His eyes glowed in the bottom of pit-like orbits; his features were black and sunken as those of a long-dead corpse; his body was gnarled as some millennial desert cedar. He stooped incessantly, so that his lank, knotty arms hung almost to the ground. Adompha marveled at the strength of those arms; marveled that Dwerulas could have wielded the heavy shovel so expeditious- ly, could have carried to the garden on his back the burden of those victims whose members he had utilized in his experiments. The king had never demeaned himself to assist at such labors; but, after indicating from time to time the people whose disappearance would in no wise displease him, had done nothing more than watch and supervise the baroque gardening. "Is she dead?" Adompha questioned, eyeing the luxurious limbs and body of Thuloneah without emotion. "Nay," said Dwerulas. in a voice harsh as a rusty coffin-hinge, "but I have administered to her the drowsy and overpowering juice of the dedaim. Her heart beats impalpably, her blood flows with the sluggishness of that mingled ichor. She will not reawaken . . . save as a part of the garden's life, sharing its obscure sentience. I wait now your further in- structions. What portion . . . or portions?" "Her hands were very deft," said Adompha, as if musing aloud, in reply to the half- uttered question. "They knew the subtle ways of love and were learned in all amorous arts. I would have you preserve her hands . . . but nothing else." . . . A strange story indeed is this, written in the magic words of one of the greatest living masters of weird fiction. What happened to Thuloneah when her arms were grafted to the dedaim tree makes a fascinating and unusual weird story of immense interest and power. It will be printed complete in the April issue of Weird Tales: THE GARDEN OF ADOMPHA By Clark Ashton Smith -Also- THE TEMPLE DANCER By Seabury Quinn An unusual story abo[ut] a white girl in a Hindoo temple and the loving arms of the gracious lady that protected her on the night when she was to become the Bride of Siva. THE EYES OF THE MUMMY By Robert Bloch A fascinating story of flashing jewels and an old Egyptian tomb--a story with a strange and terrible climax. FOREST OF EVIL By John Murray Reynolds A story of many thrills--a tale of weird adven-tures and dire perils in the Dead Forest of Sanaala. THE DEVIL DEALS By Carl Jacobi An odd and curious story is this, about a fatal game of cards, played with a most peculiar deck containing neither spades, hearts, diamonds nor clubs. April Issue WEIRD TALES - - - - Out March 1