INCENSE OF ABOMINATION 269 to France before the war was ended. At any rate, when Herbules bent over me I muttered, 'I wish the pater would bump off.' "He leaned toward me with a smile and whispered, 'You begin your postu- lancy well, my son,' then held his hand out to me, signifying that I should return his clasp with both of mine. As I put out my hands to take his I saw by my wrist- watch that it was exactly half-past twelve. "What followed was the wildest party I had ever seen or dreamt of. The farm- house windows had been boarded up and curtained, and inside the rooms were literally ablaze with light. Men and wo- men, some draped in their red dominoes, some in evening dress, some naked as the moment that they first drew breath, min- gled in a perfect saturnalia of unrestrained salacity. On tables stood ice-buckets with champagne, and beside them tall decan- ters of cut glass filled with port and sher- ry, tokay, madeira, muscatel and malaga. Also there was bottled brandy, vodka and whisky, trays of cigarettes, boxes of cigars, sandwiches, cake and sweetmeats. It was like the carnival at New Orleans, only ten times gayer, madder, more abandoned. I was grasped by naked men and women, whirled furiously around in a wild dance, then let go only to be seized by some new partner and spun around until I almost fell from dizziness. Between times I drank, mixing wine and spirits without thought, stuffed sandwiches and cake and candy in my mouth, then drank fresh drafts of chilled champagne or sharp- toned brandy. "Staggering drunkenly about the table I was reaching for another glass when I felt a hand upon my shoulder. Turning, I beheld a pair of flashing eyes laughing at me through the peep-holes of a mask. 'Come with me, my neophyte,' the masked girl whispered; 'there is still a chalice you have left untasted.' "She pulled me through the crowd, led me up the stairs and thrust a door ajar. The little room we entered was entirely oriental. A Persian lamp hung like a blazing ruby from the ceiling, on the floor were thick, soft rugs and piles of down-filled pillows. There was no other furniture. "With a laugh she turned her back to me, motioning me to slip the knot which held the girdle of her domino; then she bent her head while I withdrew the pins that held her hair. It rippled in a cascade to her waist--below, nearly to her knees --black and glossy as the plumage of a grackle's throat, and as it cataracted down she swung around, shrugging her shoul- ders quickly, and let the scarlet domino fall from her. An upswing of her hand displaced the black-faced, purple, grin- ning mask, and I looked directly in the face of the pale girl who half an hour earlier had lain upon the altar of the Devil. 'Kiss me!' she commanded. 'Kiss me!' Her arms were tight about my neck, pulling my lips to hers, drawing her slender, unclothed body tight against me. Her lips clung to my mouth as though they were a pair of scarlet leeches; through her half-closed lids I saw the glimmer of her bright black eyes, burning like twin points of quenchless fire. . . . "IT WAS daylight when we reached the dorm next day, and all of us reported sick at chapel. Sometime about eleven, as I rose to get a drink of water, a knock came at my door. It was a telegram that stated: Father dropped dead in his study at twelve forty-five. Come. Mother. "I hurried back to school as soon as possible. My father's death had startled --frightened--me, but I put it down to coincidence. He'd been suffering from Bright's disease for several years, and