352 WEIRD TALES that she was the greatest medium of all time!" "I did say so. But it was a lie." "Why, in heaven's name--" "It was my hope," he broke in quiet- ly, "to make of her a medium, or a lycanthrope--call the phenomenon which you will. Are you interested in my pro- posed method?" He gazed mockingly around, and his eyes rested finally upon me. "Make full notes, Wills. This will be interesting, if not stupefying, to the psychic research committees. "It is, as you know, a supernormal sub- stance that is exuded to change the ap- pearance of my body. What, I wondered, would some of that substance do if smeared upon her?" I started to growl out a curse upon him, but Judge Pursuivant, rapt, mo- tioned for me to keep silent. "Think back through all the demonol- ogies you have read," Zoberg was urg- ing. "What of the strange 'witch oint- ments' that, spread over an ordinary hu- man body, gave it beast-form and beast- heart? There, again, legend had basis in scientific fact." "By the thunder, you're logical," mut- tered Judge Pursuivant. "And damnable," I added. "Go on. Doctor. You were going to smear the change-stuff upon Susan." "But first, I knew, I must convince her that she had within her the essence of a wolf. And so, the séances." "She was no medium," I said again. "I made her think she was. I hypno- tized her, and myself did weird wonders in the dark room. But she, in a trance, did not know. I needed witnesses to con- vince her." "So you invited Mr. Wills," supplied Judge Pursuivant. "Yes, and her father. They had been prepared to accept her as medium and me as observer. Seeing a beast-form, they would tell her afterward that it was she." "Zoberg," I said between set teeth, "you're convicted out of your own mouth of rottenness that convinces me of the existence of the Devil after whom this grove was named. I wish to heaven that I'd killed you when we were fighting." "Ach, Wills," he chuckled, "you'd have missed this most entertaining auto- biographical lecture." "He's right," grumbled O'Bryant; and, "Let him go on," the judge pleaded with me. "ONCE sure of this power within her," Zoberg said deeply, "she would be prepared in heart and soul to change at touch of the ointment--the ec- toplasm. Then, to me she must turn as a fellow-creature. Together, throughout the world, adventuring in a way unbeliev- able--" His voice died, and we let it. He stood in the firelight, head thrown back, man- acled hands folded. He might have been a martyr instead of a fiend for whom a death at the stake would be too easy. "I can tell what spoiled the séance," I told him after a moment. "Gird, sitting opposite, saw that it was you, not Susan, who had changed. You had to kill him to keep him from telling, there and then." "Yes," agreed Zoberg. "After that, you were arrested, and, later, threatened. I was in an awkward position. Susan must believe herself, not you, guilty. That is why I have championed you throughout. I went then to look for you." "And attacked me," I added. "The beast-self was ascendant. I can- not always control it completely." He sighed. "When Susan disappeared, I went to look for her on the second eve- ning. When I came into this wood, the W. T.--6