
365 KEEN SHAVES

A Year With One Single Blade

“I want to say that KRISS KROSS Stropper is the
best thing I ever saw. I have been using cne blade
continuously for one year and nine months and have no
idea how much longer it will last.”

S. Stephenson. Okla.

Inventor Discovers Amazing
New Way to Shave!

-Without Buying Blades!

                           , ...........faiturae Tnst.antlv adjustable to any shaving positi<

KEEN velvety shaves forever and no more blades to buy!
That’s what this astonishing invention offers the great army
of American shavers today!	,

KRISS-KROSS is destined to revolutionize all existing traditions
of shaving I Its performance is so sensational that it 3eems hardly
fair to call it a stropper. Rather it is a super-stropper or btaae-
rejuvenator! No longer do you find that yonr blades ‘ die after
five or six shaves. KRISS-KROSS “brings 'em to life a surprising
way! Actually—you can take a blade right out of a fresh
and improve it as much as 100% in eleven seconds with KRISS-
KROSS !

MAGIC DIAGONAL STROKE

  KRISS-KROSS employs the famous diagonal stroke, same as a
master barber uses. Never before has anyone captured the secret or
reproducing it automatically. Eight “lucky leather grooves do the
trick in 11 seconds with a precision it takes a master barber years
to attain. Strops from heavy to Hght. Adjustable, automatic jig
flies up and notifies you that your blade is ready—ready with the
ikeenest cutting-edge that steel can take I

   KRISS-KROSS produces unbelievable sharpness and prolongs the
life of any razor blade for months and even years. Pits all Draoas
and makes except Durham. Eliminates 83% of shaving costs and
solves your blade problem for all time!

SENSATIONAL OFFER

   And now for my surprising offer. To introduce KRISS-KROSS, I
am giving with it Free a new kind of razor. Possesses remarkable

features Instantly adjustable to any shaving position. A flip of
the finger makes it (!) T-Shape; (2) straight told style); (3) or
diagonal (new way). Gives a sWUno instead
Simply zips right through the toughest crop of whiskers. Made of

rustless metal. Comes with 5	---

special-process blades and is
entirely unlike anything you
ever saw before!

GET FREE
OFFER

    Send for full infoEm'ation on
  these surprising new inven-
  tions today. KRISS-KROSS
  products are never sold in
  stores. You deal direct with
  me or my authorized repre-
  sentative. Write for illustrated
  description and full details of
  free razor offer. It's even more
  remarkable than I can tell you
  in this short space. Clip the
  coupon now. Mail it today.

 AGENTS

J^^ISS-

KROS Giving away FREE
razors -osts your profits amaz-
ingly. . King made $66 in one
day. 1C. Paige made $104 in
3 day» Others average $350
and up i $750 a month! Spare-
time wiers. Office and Factory
men t*e Sfi-$12 extra a day
showin KRISS-KROSS tc
friends id fellow emplo*-
Kantal matf0 $1">.4
workin evr- ngs
details*
of cou

                    CORPORATION

Dept. H-3783 1418 Pendleton Ave. ST. T-OITIS, MO.

Largest Manufacturers of Mechanical Stropper8 in the World.

Canadian Address:

CANADIAN KRISS-KROSS CO.

39 Wellington Street East, Toronto 2, Canada

   Rhodes’ KRISS-KROSS Corporation, Dep
   1418 Pendleton Ave., St. Louis, Mo.

      Without obligation, please send me
   full details of your special introductory
   super-stropper and FREE 3-way razor.

Name --------------------------

Address -----------------------

Town __________________________

   ( ) Check here if interested in my
   KRISS-KROSS representative.

No More Razor Blades
To Buy/
Wehsvepl&oed jnaflhln*
teta.oarpentera, masona,
plumbers, railroad men,
office c'erkB, farm era ana
even laborers In f)no
Drafting Jobs under
this plan. Mali coupon
for details of oarj
remarkable oUQT-y^"'',

I ^c.uyKJp°“ic"n',i^p^

 ErSBl^s&k SSWa

•	wS I

 255? ^ 2 fi
 IgSB *■*•«<» iffi**"® £>S S £

Men Who Work With Their Hamls

Make the Best

 DRAFTSMEN

••Only-one other man
and’I, of nix taking
'California State Board
examination forArohi-
tcct oasaad. Then I
realized the thorough
und practical ttainjng
given by American
School. In 18 months
1 have gone from
tracer to Chief Drafts*
nan, in charge of all
architectural. and en-
eineerInz * work in
one of the oldest
offices here.’* R. L.
WARREN.

Cfeles, Calif*

, Lee .

and We’ll Back Them With
This Guarantee of a
DRAFTING JOB and RAISE!

                  We are looking for more ambitiouB young fellows with fae*
                  tory, building-trade or any other kind of mechanical expo*
                  rience to prepare for and help place. In well-paid Drafting
                  positions. Such men, we find, are unusually successful as
                  Draftsmen, because they know how things are done, and that’s
                  a priceless asset to the man who makes the blueprint plans.

                   For there’s a great deal more to Drafting than “mechanical
drawing” and reading blueprints. The real jobs, those pay-
ing 850 to $100 a week, give you a chance to cash in on'
your entire past mechanical experience. Get in touch
with me and I’ll tell you how.

DRAFTING It Logically TOUR NEXT MOVES

Of course, you realize the biggest handicap to mechanical woik is
that you’re limited in earning capacity to the output of your two
hands, as long as you live. Even the skilled mechanic earning 850
to S60 a week has reached his limit. He can never earn more and
when he gets old he will earn less. So I don’t blame any man for
wanting to get away from his futureless outlook. For wanting to
get into something where he can use his head as well as his hands—
where he Will be paid for what he knows, instead, of only for what
he does . . . You know enough about blueprints to understand
that PLANS govern every move in factory and construction job.
The Draftsman who makes, them is several-jumps ahead of the
workman who follows them. And so I want you to know that
DRAFTING is a logical, natural PROMOTION from mechanical
and building work—betteripaid, more interesting—just the kind cf
work you’d enjoy doing.

I started

ihooJ train-
Spring of

2Ui

Inc in the Spring of
1015 I was working
hours a night,
8ovon niihta a. week
for $1.83 a night.
That Fall I got a job
in the Engineering
Dent, of a large firm
ijeSV here. Today I
w.ork 6H days u
week and my salary
*• larger than-I eve*-
amed of when „

 Get My NO-RISK Plan

The way to a fine Drafting job for you—ia easier than you think.
It takes no “artistic talent’* or advanced education. Thou-
sands of men no smarter than you, with no more education or
ability have learned it quickly and you can, too. With the co-
operation of some of the biggest employers and engineers In the U. S.

we have worked out a plan to prepare yo---------------------

spare time at home—to actually place ;

          r pay. Backed by the gu

 S Drafting tessotiK
 Actuary fElE

       To Show foa Boa Interesting
       and Simple Drafting it . • .

   I wish I had the room here to ten 700 alt
   about DRAFTING—how It has bccom»
   the most Important branch of every kind of
   manufacturing and construction work—
   how fascinating tte work Is—what a fine
   lunch of fellows Draftsmen are. the big
   salaries patd—how while Drafting Is white-

    collar otSce work, it is closely hooked-up with bit
    projects and big men.. All that takea a 36-page book,
    (o tell and 1 M be glad to send it to you fret, f»nd in.
    nddi'ion X want to eer.d you the firat three Irssqn*
    of oar home-training so you can seo he* you'll lik»
    tbe wcrk and how simple it is to learn. Coupon brines
    everything—mail it right away.
    -..wsaaasasaasaBaMMSBaBaaaaaMBMwnffMSNaBai

£ American School, Dept. DB-71,
j Drexel Are. & 58th St., Chicago, 111. .

? Pf«sse send freo and without the slightest obligation

H 3 Drafting lesson*. 3Q*pngo bock about the oypor-

•	tunitien in Drafting and your Guarantee to get me

*	a Drifting Job a&d a Ra;?c.

                                        you for Drafting work in your
                                        you in a fine position and

to raise your pay. Backed by the guarantee shown above to
refund the small cost, if we fail. Mail the coupon and I’i! be
glad to tell you all about this life-time chance to get Into Drafting

South Bex \ Ir i.

 Dt»t.

The American School

DB-71, Drexel Atc. and SStb St., Chtoage,IU.

  i At*. ...I.,..,..	........

fcaaa»saaaaaaassr»aBaBaai4*MaaaaEaaaMail]

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
•	REGISTERED IN U.S. PATENT OFFICE-

MAGAZINE of the

VOLUME XIV

BIZARRE and UNUSUAl

NUMBER Z

   Published monthly liy the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E. Wash-
ington Street, Indianapolis, . Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at
the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March S, 1879. Single copies, 25
cents. Subscription, $2.50 a year in the United States, $3.00 a year in Canada. English
office: Charles Lavell, 13, Serjeant’s Inn, Fleet Street, E. C. 4, London. The publishers
are not responsible, for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be
taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are
fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without
permission from the publishers.

   NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers’
Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                     FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright, 1929, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for August, 1929

Cover Design__________________________________Hugh Rankin

      Illustrating a scene in “The Inn of Terror”

The Eyrie____________________________________________ 148

      A chat with the reader ft

The Inn of Terror________________________Gaston Leroux 152

     A tale of stark realism and gripping horror by the author
     of “The Phantom of the Opera”

The Shadow Kingdom_________________Robert E. Howard 166

      Grisly serpent shapes slither through this tale of Kull the
      King and Brule the Spear-slayer

The Speared Leopard________________________John Home 183

     A story of the Leopard-men of Africa, negro magic, a weird
     metamorphosis, and bloody death

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

Demon Doom of N'Yeng Sen______________Bassett Morgan 193

     The author of “The Devils of Po Sung” returns to the South
     Seas for another gripping tale of brmn-transplmitation

The Purple Sedan_____________________________Lois Lane 207

      An unusual ghost story, involving a strange-colored automo-
      bile and a shocking murder

Folks Used to Believe:

 The Murderer’s Touch_________________Alvin P. Harlow 218

      One of the curious superstitions of our ancestors

Outside the Universe (Part 2)__________Edmond Hamilton 219

      Blood-freezing horrors make vivid the second installment of
      this epic four-part serial of interstellar space

The Idol-Chaser___________________________Barry Scobee 243

      A stt'tmge quest took two white men into the jungle among un-
      known tribes and unforeseen dangers—a wholly unusual tale

Ballad of Winds_____________________Paul Francis Sutton 252

     Verse

The Hanging of Alfred Wad ham_____________E. F. Benson 253

      Evil apparitions haunted the pood priest who could not save
      an innocent man from execution as a murderer

The Sorceress___________________________________0. Noir 261

     Verse

An Examination in Diplomacy_______Edith M. Almedingen 262

      A brief story of Soviet Russia, and the weird ordeal imposed
      upon one of his operatives by a commissioner from the Tcheka

Old Mark----------------------------August W. Derleth 266

     A strange lifeless creature loped across the moors—a tale
     of old Roman ruins in Englcmd

Weird Story Reprint:

 His Unconquerable Enemy_______________W. C. Morrow 273

      The dread tortures inflicted by the raja upon his enemy could
      not subdue the implacable spirit of revenge

          For Advertising Rates in WEIRD TALES Apply Direct to

                WEIRD	TALES

     Western Advertising: Office:	Eastern Advertising Officet

     HARURV I>. WARD, INC., Mgr.	GEORGE W. STEARNS, MgT.

       360 N. Michigan Ave.	Flatiron Building

       Chicago, IB.	New York, N. T,

       Phone, Central 6269	Phone, Algonquin 8328

~uT
PRAISE is still coming in from the readers of Weird Tales for Bertram.
Russell’s strange story in the May issue, The Scourge of B’Moth. The
following two letters are samples of the enthusiasm aroused by the tale.

    Writes Mrs. F. B. Marshall, of Fort Wayne, Indiana: “I can not let the
May issue go by without a word of commendation for this splendid collection
of stories. Bertram Russell in this issue easily tops Lovecraft. The Scourge
of B 'Moth has, in my opinion, everything that a weird tale should have. It is
spine-chilling from start to finish, but although weird, never makes the reader
stop with a smile and say, ‘The writer has overreached here; this does not
ring true.’ The sense of complete reality and plausibility is never lost. By
all means prevail upon Mr. Russell to give us, if possible, a story in each
issue. ’ ’

    Ethelle Stevens, of Syracuse, New York, writes to the Eyrie: “I am not
a regular subscriber to Weird Tales, but the other day, by chance, I glanced
through your May issue. The first story in the book, The Scourge of B’Moth,
by Bertram Russell, drew my attention. I read it and found it an extremely
weird and interesting tale. In fact it was so interesting that I was ten min-
utes late at the office. Mr. Russell surely ‘knows his stuff’ when it eomes to
holding his readers in suspense. It has been some time since I have read such
a breath-taking story. So from now on I resolve to read Weird Tales reg-
ularly, and the entire office force request that you give us more and more
stories by Bertram Russell. We’ll all be waiting for them.”

    E. L. Mengshoel, of Minneapolis, writes to the Eyrie: “It was with a cer-
tain amount of satisfaction that I learnt in your last issue that Lovecraft’s
The Dunmch Horror had been given the majority of votes for the best story
in the April number. Satisfaction, because I would myself have given that
one my vote, if I had voted, and, moreover, I find cause to be less pessimistic
about the literary taste and imaginative faculties of the average reader of
your magazine. That story was worthy of a Poe. In fact, I have never read
anything from Lovecraft’s pen that was not something out of the ordinary,
something rendored in a vivid, fascinating manner by a genius of extraor-

(Continued on page 150)

     118
Was It Some Strange Phantom
Whispering Through the
Ether in the Language of
Another Planet

9

        Strange and ghostly signals were being picked up out of the ether. What were
        these weird whispers? What happened when science became fully aware of the
        existence of some new and sinister—or at least unfathomed—force in the world?
        The solution is thrillingly narrated in one of the most startling stories ever
        written.

WE have received thousands of
letters requesting us to re-
print this story which is too
long to be republished in the maga-
zine. THE MOON TERROR, by A.

O.	Birch, which appeared as a serial
in Weird Tales in 1923, is
too long to republish in our
magazine consistent with
our policy. As a matter
of service to the multitude
of readers who have re-
quested us to reprint this
story, we have had it
printed in cloth-bound book
form to sell at the publish-
ers’ price of $1.50 per copy.

This fascinating book will
be sent to you direct; we paj the
postage.

  Tremendously Popular

  THE MOON TERROR was such a
thrilling story that the entire reserve
stock of the issue containing the first
part was sold out on special orders to
those who were not fortunate enough
to start the story from the beginning,
but began to read it with the second
installment. It narrates the sensa-
tional attempt of a group of Chinese
scientists to obtain rulership of the

WEIRD TALES, Book Dept. M-18

840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois

world by a tremendous threat against
the very existence of the earth. The
diabolical methods by which they put
their scheme into execution, the
frantic race across the ocean to cir-
cumvent them, the weird and exciting
adventures that befell, make
one of the most gripping
and fascinating novels ever
written.

  For Your Library

   This book will make a
valuable addition to your
library collection. It is beau-
tifully bound in rich blue
cloth with attractive orange-
colored jacket.

  Don’t Pass This Up

  Your life is not complete until you
have read this book of thrills. It is
full of breath-taking adventures and
eery crime.

   Note: If your bookdealer doesn't carry this
book in stock, have him order it for you, or.
mall the coupon to us and we will send the book
direct to you postage prepaid.

  Weird Tales, Book Dept. M-18,

   840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois.

     Enclosed find $1.50 for cloth-bound copy
   of THE MOON TERROR.

Name --------------------------------

Address ______________________________

City____________________ State--------
150

WEIRD TALES

(Continued from page 148)

dinary invention and powerful imagination. He very nearly persuades even
a matter-of-fact sort of person to take his yarns for facts. By the way, I
would like to ask him if there has not really existed an old work of writing;
named the N ecronomicon, which is mentioned in The Dunwich Horror. On
the whole, the W. T. is growing more and more indispensable to me at least.
It is a refreshment compared to the mass of literary farce that we are treated
to in the other magazines.”

    “I am an ardent reader of Weird Tales,” writes Charles A. Rinschler, of
Cincinnati, “and wish to state that I enjoy your stories very much, especially
scientific fiction of interplanetary space and highly imaginative stories of the
little known regions of our own planet. The first installment of The Last of
the Mayas is a great imaginative story that has a ring of truth to it, and here's
hoping you will publish more like it.”

    Edwin Meyers, of Oakland, California, writes to the Eyrie: “I recently
read The Moon Terror. It was a great story. Why not continue putting out
books reprinted from your magazine? My favorite author is, of course, Sea*
bury Quinn. My friend and I commute to San Francisco to work and spend
many hours of our daily rides on the ferry discussing Jules de Grandin. That
little ‘Frog’ is the greatest character any author ever created. I remember
one story in particular, about Jules de Grandin, that appeared about two years
ago. It was called The White Lady of the Orphanage. For sheer horror and
amazement it could not be beaten.”

    L. H. Hardingham, of San Francisco, suggests: “Why don’t you inaug-
urate a department, and call it The Philosopher’s Stone, The Alchemist, The
Alchemist’s Corner, or some name like that, that would appease the insatiable
desire of your readers for magic in some measure? It would deal with the
whole field of magic, Saracenic, Greek, mediaeval alchemy and so on. A cor-
respondence could be carried on with the readers, who would fire in all sorts
of questions relating to the weird beliefs of other centuries, and a compre-
hensive investigation could be made into the whole field of alchemy and
mysticism in the course of a year or two. Quotations from Roger Bacon,
Browne, Paracelsus, and hosts of others will furnish a realistic background,
and their works can be interpreted in the light of modem science. I think it
could be made one of the most fascinating features of the magazine.”

    Writes Philip Almond, of Vancouver, British Columbia: “I want to com-
mend Seabury Quinn’s The House of Golden Masks as an acceptable and ex-
citing story. Those of this kind, girl-torture narratives, always appeal to the
imagination (and that is the object of Weird Tales) and do not tax the
reader’s credulity, but thrill him. Quinn’s older story, The Man Who Cast
No Shadow, and Captain Eliot’s The Copper Bowl were similar, and A-l too.
Let as have more (I noticed a lady urging this) and the ordeals can not be too

(Continued on page 280)
  Next Month

Another unusually groat lineup of fine stories is scheduled for the September issue
of Weird Tales, on sale August 1.

Winged Vengeance Trespassing Souls

By B. Wallis	By Sealmry Quinn

A strange little scarlet fly darted like a flash	A rlevil-tale of Pontou, right-hand man of

of Are through the air—then another, and	Gilles de Retz in hi? diabolical villainies;

another; and where they struck life was	and of Lizette, his light-of-love—a weird

   whipped out, and death and terror stalked.	adventure of Jules de Groadin.

The White Wizard

By Sophie Wenzel Ellis

                      A great scientist rifles the dead brains of the world’s
                      master-minds and thereby obtains super-knowledge and
                      power—an uncanny weird-scientific novelette.

The Lips	Automata

By Henry S. Whitehead	By S. Fowler Wright

A powerful story of a slave-ship in the "Wce-t	A tale of the last man on Earth, when the

Indies, the brutality of the mate, and the	Machine Age has triumphed, and soulless

savage hurt inflicted upon him by African	automata rule the world—by the author of

 witchcraft.	"The Deluge.”

A Jest and a Vengeance

By B. Hoffmann Price

                      A bizarre orientale breathing the witchery of the East
                      —a story of the Dreamer of Atlanaat, and the Twelve
                      Bearded Kings—by the author of "The Stranger from
                      Kurdistan.”

      Outside .	The Mirrors of
   the Universe	Tuzun Thune

By Edmond Hamilton	By Robert E. Howard

  The marvelous wonders of the Andromeda Another weird tale of Kull the King, and
  universe and its gaseous inhabitants are Brule the Spear-slayer, and the ancient
  thrillingly described in the swift-moving kingdom of Valusia—a fascinating, eery
  chapters of next month’s installment of this story by the author of ‘'The Shadow King-
  epochal weird-scientific serial.	dom.”

These are some of the super-excellent stories that will appear in the September

issue of Weird Tales.

151
PEAKING of women,” said
Chaulieu, “I would never
wish any of you a honeymoon
like the one I took with my first wife.
Besides coming very close to losing
our lives . . . But here’s the story
without any further preamble. On
my return from Saigon, I asked head-
quarters for a furlough and took
advantage of it to marry little Maria-
Lucc of Mourillon, as had been pre-
viously decided. Her father had died
in Madagascar and she lived with her
grandfather.

 “We went to Switzerland on our
honeymoon. It was my idea, because
at heart I’m a staid fellow, a land-
lubber, and I hate adventures. If I
was a sea captain for twenty years, it
was simply to follow the family tradi-

  Translated by Mildred Gleason Prochet.

tion and to please my parents, but the
very thought of it in the beginning
made me seasick.

  “Well, there we were in Switzer-
land, my young bride and I, as in
the days of Toppfer. We were very
much in love, and . . . Have you
ever been in Soleure?”

  “I was married in Borneo,” chuck-
led Dorat, the biggest wag in the
party of old sea-dogs who spun their
yarns on the terrace of the “Caf6
of the Old Wet-Dock,” in Toulon.

  “I see. . . . Well, Soleure might
be called the capital of French Swit-
zerland—a long, quiet street with pic-
ture sign-boards swinging on their
rods at the slightest puff of wind from
the Wesseinstein.

  “The Wesseinstein is one of the
summits in the Jura mountains. It

152
rises at the northwest of the town.
More than one tourist has lost his way
in the gorges and paths of the forest,
and there are no hotels before reach-
ing the summit, with the exception of
one which at the time boasted a very
sinister reputation.

 “Two years before our trip, the
town board had discovered, at the bot-
tom of a well and in a near-by grotto,
twelve skeletons and some objects be-
longing to travelers who had found a
fatal hospitality there.

  ‘ ‘ The inquest in investigations
brought to light the fact that the
crimes had been committed by a
couple who had so thoroughly terror-

ized the neighborhood that even the
death of the two innkeepers, the dread-
ful Weisbachs — you may remember
the story perhaps; it was in all the
newspapers at the time—did not loos-
en any tongues. You see, a few old-
timers in the mountains had suspected
some of the goings-on; but Jean Weis-
bach had made it very clear that he
did not care to have people meddling
in his business, and they had let bad
enough alone.

  “The innkeepers had died quietly
in their beds, in the end, rich and es-
teemed, as also did their factotum, one
Daniel. When the mare’s nest was
discovered, the examining magistrates

                                   153

“What she was telling
was less horrible than
what she did."
154

WEIRD TALES

were able after questioning hither and
yon and forcing some stubborn old
neighbors to speak, to reconstruct the
crimes. The most important witness
was an old woman with a goiter, who
related certain horrible details which
showed that, besides a grim greed for
money, the Weisbachs had had a
strain of sadism and cruelty in them
that has rarely been exceeded.

  “Naturally, this story was the chief
topic of conversation in Soleure. The
traveler's, who were to go by coach to
the peak of the Wesseinstein, to sleep
in the hotel made famous by Napol-
eon, and from there go back into
France through the Belfort gap,
promised themselves by all means to
stop for a drink, half-way up, at the
‘Inn of Blood.’ It had been called
that as much because of the story as
for the color it was painted. To stop
there was one of the things planned
in the trip up the mountain. While
the driver gave the horses to drink,
the tourists went inside to the bar and
gossiped with the new proprietors.
These two had been there only a year.
Their predecessors, the immediate suc-
cessors of the Weisbachs, had left the
premises, as soon as the scandal broke,
on the grounds that they were ruined.
But the Scheffers, being shrewder, had
said to themselves that there were
plenty of fools in the world, whose
curiosity would probably make them
rich. Their reasoning had not been
bad, if one could believe what was
said in town. All the strangers now
passing through Soleure wanted, of
all things, to see the ‘Inn of Blood,’
and some even went so far as to sleep
there.

  ‘ ‘ The weather was fine the day that
Maria-Luee and I left for the Wes-
seinstein by diligence. We had had
an excellent lunch and were prepared
to enjoy a lovely drive, and live a few
ideally romantic hours like a chapter
from a novel. We had left our lug-
gage in Soleure and were to return
there for it. Maria-Luce had only a
small hand-bag with her. Ah! we

narrowly missed never returning to
Soleure and also lived that romantic
chapter of ours in a way we would
never have wished! You will see
why. . . .

  “When I think of it! . . . Perhaps
that is what killed my good little
Maria-Luce! . . . She was so pretty,
so gay, so full of life . . . with such
a clear lovely skin, and cheeks like
roses. Well, such is life—a never-tiring
destroyer. ... I often wonder why
we are born at all. . . .

  “Ah! we were in love! . . . Iliad
hired the coupe of the stage-coacli
just for the two of us, so that we could
be by ourselves and kiss when we felt
like it, which was only natural after
all!

tc T ust as we were about to leave,
«J a man and woman arrived on
the scene ... a handsome pair!. I ’11
never forget them as long as I live,
and with reason. They were Italians:
he, a big, handsome man, too hand-
some, in the thirties, with big, dark
eyes like velvet, the kind of eyes they
have in Italy and that make the
signorinas lose their heads . . .
flashing teeth, olive skin, clean-shaven
and the appearance of an actor. He
was one, in fact, a tenor who was al-
ready well-known and had had a bril-
liant success at La Scala in Milan . . .
Antonio Ferretti as we learned
later. . . . Amiable, jovial, in per-
fect health, he felt that he owned the
world.

  “His companion, who adored him
openly with every look, was obviously
his, body and soul. She was a young,
ravishingly beautiful woman, as
golden-haired as a Venetian, which she
was, and belonging to the highest
aristocracy. Her name belonged to
history from that day on, judicial his-
tory, alas! . . . Countess Olivia Or-
sino. The handsome tenor had ab-
ducted her.

  “ I’m telling you all this at the start
to get rid of it, so that you can under-
stand the people at first sight, which
THE INN OP TERROR

155

was more than we did; all we consid-
ered at the moment was the fact that
an annoying couple wanted to join us
in the coupe, under the pretense that
the interior compartment of the coach
was already practically full, and
would even have driven us out if it
had been possible. An argument en-
sued, of course; the handsome tenor’s
free and easy manner irritated me,
and I was even more annoyed because

I	had been so pleased with the idea of
just the two of us taking this little
trip together. If he had been more
polite, however, Antonio Ferretti
would certainly have won his cause,
because after all I’m not a roughneck,
and as I said before, his companion
was charming.

  “Maria-Luce advised me to give in,
but one word spoiled everything,
something like ‘damned savages,
these French.’ I slammed the door
violently, and as I had already paid
for the four seats I insisted on my
right and they were obliged to sit
with the others. As a matter of fact,
if it annoyed them to travel by dil-
igence they had only to rent a car-
riage, but it wasn’t an easy thing in
those days before automobiles to find
horses and carriage to go up to the
Wesseinstein. They had to be wagons
specially built like the diligence, with
a hanging rod always ready to grip
the road in case of slipping back,
which was always to be feared. If I
have lingered over this incident it is
because it assumed a terrible impor-
tance, alas! for some of us.

  “Our drive started through a pretty
little cut in the hills, fresh, wooded,
resounding with rippling waters, and
in which nestles a little retreat, fa-
mous in that neighborhood—it was
that of Saint Venere, Verena Ein-
siedolei, if I’m not mistaken—with
chapels, grottoes, overhanging rocks,
and from time to time, beautiful
blocks of Soleure marble which caught
the sun and shone in great, blinding
spots.

  “Three hours later we were in the

depths of the forest, far from any
dwelling, and the sun had disap-
peared. Big clouds floated between
us and the mountain peaks, and be-
fore long a black veil hid the entire
valley. At the same time a dull noise
like thunder rumbled down toward
us; but it was not the thunder yet:
it was a heavy sledge, loaded with
wood, which tumbled down the road
on its runners with overwhelming
rapidity. A young boy, perched up
on top, steered it.

  “It was under the threat of a com-
ing storm that we finally caught sight
of the ‘Inn of Blood.’ In the livid
light of the twilight, it was not a
pleasant sight with its squat, thick
walls, barred windows and the old,
arched door, studded with iron, which
led to the famous well. The whole
was covered with a horrible, brownish
paint which, it seems, is used on the
arms of the guillotine.

  “ ‘Heavens, but it’s ugly!’ Maria-
Luce cried, and it really must have
been, for that afternoon, I can assure
you, we were both in a mood to find
everything lovely. We had not been
bored with each other on the ride up!
We had told each other stories, we had
made plans for the future, and we had
kissed to the health of our two Italians.

“ T ust as the diligence stopped in
J front of this sinister dwelling, a
regular torrent of rain, accompanied
by flashes of lightning and great
growls of thunder, came down. We
rushed into the inn, or rather into an
enormous kitchen at the end of which
was a tremendous fireplace large
enough to bum a tree. At the present
moment, however, only an honest lit-
tle fire of dried branches was crack-
ling away, and above it in an honest
little pot, hung from a pot-hook,
boiled a beef stew which smelled ex-
cellent. Before us stood the innkeep-
er, round-bellied like a barrel, with a
pleasant manner, small, twinkling
eyes peering out from creases of fat,
156

WEIRD TALES

and three chins, the tamest ogre in
the world, all smiles.

 “ ‘Are you reassuredV I asked
Maria-Luce.

  “ ‘Yes,’ she answered, ‘he won’t
have us cooked in that little pot, and
he seems delighted! . . . But what
weather!’

  “As a matter of fact, the driver
had unharnessed the horses and got-
ten them under shelter because he was
beginning to worry about the equilib-
rium of the carriage under the re-
peated claps of thunder. I asked him
how long we would be staying here.

  “ ‘An hour,’ he answered. ‘I’ll be
off again in an hour, no matter what
the weather does!’

  *	‘ I figured that we would arrive at
the hotel at the Wesseinstein in the
middle of the night, if we arrived at
all, because the road skilled a preci-
pice 011 the right. I came to a rapid
decision, and Maria-Luce agreed with
me; so, taking the innkeeper aside, I
asked him if he had a room.

  “ ‘I have two,’ the stout fellow an-
swered, looking at me with a banter-
ing twinkle in his eyes. ‘You want to
sleep here?’

  “ ‘Yes. Show me your rooms!’

  “ ‘If you’ll just wait a moment un-
til I have served the lady and gentle-
man in the drawing-room, I’ll be at
your service. ’

  “What he called the drawing-room
was a small room off the kitchen, fur-
nished with a round table covered
with oil-cloth, four chairs, and a few
prints of the battles of the First Em-
pire hanging on the wails, which were
whitewashed. Our two Italians had
made for this luxurious and comfort-
able nook on leaving the coach, in or-
der to escape from associations from
which they had already suffered.

  “When Scheffer, the innkeeper,
opened the door which they had
closed, I saw the handsome tenor at
the window looking out at the land-
scape sadly. His companion was seat-
ed with her elbows on the table ana
did not seem any more cheerful.

  ‘ ‘ The innkeeper came back to us.

  *	‘ ‘ There are two more who want to
sleep here! A drive in this rain
doesn’t attract them. You had bet-
ter hurry about choosing your room,
because, between you and me, there
is only one decent one!’

  “You can well imagine that I lost
no time. We went up a stairway as
steep as a ladder, that led on the left
to the attic, which was directly over
the kitchen, and on the right to a cor-
ridor which went to what was called
‘the travelers’ room.’ This room was
famous: it was here that almost all
the murdered guests had slept.

  “ ‘You aren’t afraid,’ Scheffer
chuckled, on opening the door; ‘but
then, of course, nowadays only honey-
mooners come here.’

  “ ‘That is true of us.’

  “ ‘Oh, then I won’t worry about
you,’ he replied; ‘you won’t have any
bad dreams! Have you any luggageV
“ No, we left it at Soleure.’

  “It seemed to me that this detail-
irritated him. That may have been
an idea that I invented later. Later,
I also remembered that he eyed Maria-
Luce’s bag, the jewels she wore, and
even the big ring I wore, very keenly.
But I won’t swear to it. He did it
very quickly before leaving us. Out-
side it was still pouring, but the
thunder had stopped.

2

“In the fading light of the day, this
I room seemed a very peaceful re-
treat to us. It was large and clean,
with light, flowered wall-paper; a big
lied with white sheets, and an enor-
mous red eider-down quilt, a comfort-
able Morris chair, the mantel deco-
rated with bouquets of orange blossoms,
under a glass globe, and two pictures
taken from Monsieur de Chateau-
briand’s Atala and the Last of the
Abencerages, the subject of which I
explained to Maria-Luce.

  “ ‘We’ll be very comfortable here,’
she remarked, ‘and if you were nice
THE INN OP TERROR

157

you’d have a fire built on the hearth
and we’d dine together in our room!’
“ ‘Good idea. I’ll go right down
and tell our landlord.’

  “ ‘I’ll come with you!’ she cried.
‘You’re not going to leave me alone
in this room! ’

 “‘Ah! it bothers you just the
same. . . .’

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Heavens, yes, when I think-’

  “ ‘Very well, come along, and don’t
think! ’

  “We were at the head of the stairs
in front of the door of the attic when
we heard the Italian’s voice.

  ‘ ‘ ' But this isn’t a room ! ’ Antonie
was exclaiming. ‘It’s a garret! It’s
a dirty hole! . . .’

  “ ‘It’s the only thing I have to
give you, ’ the innkeeper answered. ‘ I
have already explained that my other
room is taken ! ’

 “The door opened and we found
ourselves face to face with the two
Italians and the innkeeper.

  “ ‘Ah, you again, signor!’ the ten-
or exclaimed. ‘You must admit that
we are out of luck. ’

  “I could not stop a smile. I had
caught sight of an iron bed in one
corner of the attic which was stuffed
with all the dull, rusty articles that
one is accustomed to store in such
places.

  “ ‘In fact,’ I answered, ‘this is not
a very comfortable place to sleep in,
especially when one is accustomed to
a certain amount of luxury. Do you
know what I would do in your place?
Now that the coupe is free, I would
leave with the diligence!’

  “ ‘He is right,’ agreed the signora.
“ ‘He is making fun of us!’ the
other muttered between his teeth.

  “I saw that there might be trou-
ble, so I carried Maria-Luce off and
went back down into the large, public
room of the inn.

“ Tn spite of the rain, the other trav-
J*- elers had wanted to see the well
where the executioners had thrown
their victims, and they all returned

dripping wet. They ordered hot grogs
while the innkeeper, still joking a bit
sarcastically, gave details:

  “ ‘They probably didn’t drink the
water from that well—everyone has
his little niceties—but the peasants
around here did. After all it didn’t
matter much, because the Weisbachs
did things neatly. They cleaned their
skeletons well. They boiled them for
hours and hours in a cauldron that
hung from that very pot-hook! ’
“Upon which, the travelers asked
to see the cauldron, the pitchfork, the
ax, and the knife, all the instruments
of torture, in fact, that had become
famous in this horrible affair.

  “ ‘They are in the little dun-
geon . . . and my wife has the key.’
“Madame Scheffer, detained at
some forester’s because of the weath-
er, took her time about returning.
The driver announced in the mean-
time that he was ready to leave, and
the room emptied itself in a moment.

  “The Italians did not come down
until after the diligence had left.
They seemed to have made up their
minds to make the best of their part
in the adventure and ordered dinner.
We watched them out of the comer
of our eyes, and Maria-Luce was very
much amused. „ I was extremely po-
lite and opened the conversation.

  “ ‘If I had been alone, I would
have given my room up willingly. . . . ’
“ ‘A bad night is soon over,’ the
Italian answered me with a smile.

  “The woman, whom I’ll call Count-
ess Orsino although I did not know
her name at the time, was charming to
Maria-Luce.

  “ ‘We have been cheated,’ she said
to her; ‘this inn is not at all horrible.’
“A door at the end of the room
opened, and Madame Scheffer, the
innkeeper’s wife, entered. She rid
herself of an enormous coat and hood,
and as she did so we could not con-
trol the chill of terror that ran up
our spines. The sight was worse than
horrible: it was sinister. Her hid-
eousness was due mostly to her squint-
158

WEIRD TALES

ing eyes and enormous, grinning
mouth. Aside from that, she had
sparkling teeth, beautiful golden hair,
and a nose that was a bit thick, with
ferociously sensual nostrils. I don’t
know what Madame Weisbach was
like, but this woman certainly seemed
to exhale an odor of blood. She was
strong and still young, about thirty-
eight, with firm limbs, and hands used
to men’s work.

  ‘' Behind her came the man-servant,
whom we had not yet seen. He was
thick-set, slightly humpbacked, and he
limped. A red-head with the face of
a brute.

  ‘ ‘ He threw down the burden he was
hidden under on the paving and gave
a sigh of relief. Then he looked at
us in silence and lifted a trap-door
under the stairs. He lighted a lamp,
which was there prepared, and dis-
appeared down into the cellar, drag-
ging his bundle behind him. The inn-
keeper was cleaning the dirty wine-
glasses and no one had said a word.
The three of them had looked at us
in silence, that was all.

  “ ‘I’m frightened this time,’ Maria-
Luce whispered to me.

  “ ‘Yes, it’s beginning to become
more interesting,’ I answered, ‘but
don’t get worked up and we’ll have
some fun out of it. ’

  “The innkeeper was the first to
break the silence after his wife had
disappeared into the cellar behind the
servant.

  *	‘ ‘ What do you think of my wife ? ’
he asked. ‘She fits in well in an inn
like this, doesn’t she? I couldn’t
have chosen better! . . . ’

  “I joined in the game. ‘Yes, it’s
quite a good trick. ’

  “The little countess had retreated
into the shadow of her handsome
tenor, and he remarked pleasantly:
‘ Madame Scheffer would be very good-
looking if she didn’t squint. ’

  “ ‘If she hadn’t squinted, I would
not have married her,’ the innkeeper
answered. ‘Weisbach’s wife squinted!

And I wonder if you noticed my man-
servant . . . he’s humpbacked and
bow-legged like Daniel, the Weis-
bachs’ servant. I had to go all the
way to Chaux-de-Fonds to find him.’
“ ‘Why don’t you laugh, Olivia?’
asked the tenor, who seemed to be en-
joying himself.

  “ ‘Did they ever murder anyone
in the attic ? ’ Olivia gasped.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Did they ever murder anyone in
the attic!’ Scheffer exclaimed. ‘Well,
I should say so! I have all the news-
papers if you want to look them over.
Daniel slept in the attic and stood
guard over the travelers in the other
room. When he believed that they
were safely asleep, he would knock
three times on the floor, and the Weis-
bachs, who kept themselves in readi-
ness for the signal, came up. . . .

  “ ‘Sometimes the deed was easily
and quietly done; other times there
was a scuffle. The woman with the
goiter told how Mengal from Breslau,
president of the court of justice, de-
fended himself so well that his wife
was able to escape. But on leaving the
room, the unfortunate woman rushed
into the attic where Daniel always
waited, holding himself in readiness
to help. He broke her skull in with
one blow of the ax. . . .You will see
the ax! . . . ’

  “ ‘How horrible!’ moaned the
countess.

  “ ‘Oh, that’s nothing,’ the inn-
keeper went on, shrugging his shoul-
ders; ‘there are lots of other tales
about them that are more interesting
than this. And I’m not making them
up. There’s the one about the beau-
tiful brunette chained down in the
grotto. But you ought to reconstruct
the scene of the tale for yourselves in
the little dungeon, if you are fond of
such things! You will also see the
pitchfork that the Weisbachs used to
caress the little brunette! . . . ’

  “I felt Maria-Luce’s hand tremble
in mine.

  “ ‘Give me a light,’ I said to the
innkeeper, and when I had lighted
THE INN OF TERROR

159

my pipe: ‘Scheffer, you’re a dirty
fraud! ’

  “ ‘By Gad, no! What about the
inquest? . . . and the newspapers?’

  *	‘ ‘ Possible. . . . But you make me
laugh with your ax and your pitch-
fork ! It’s as though you told me that
the Weisbachs cooked their victims in
that pot over there! ’

  “ ‘You’re a shrewd one,’ he burst
out with a roar of laughter. ‘But I
found the cauldron I need yesterday.
My wife went to pay for it today and
the man brought it back with some
other little things that won’t go badly
with the landscape! Yes, it’s true,
I’m helping the atmosphere along a
little. ... It was my idea. . . . And
when everything is just as it was be-
fore, people will feel that they are
back in the times of the Weis-
bachs. . . . But you must believe! . . .
When I tell you that this is the
cauldron, this the ax, and this the
pitchfork, you must believe, or there’s
no fun in it. . . . but then you’re
not an amateur in such things! . . .
What I am doing is for the amateurs
who specialize in horrors! The fact
that it is the actual dungeon, the well,
and the inn, is a good start and with
a little imagination it won’t be hard
to believe that the crimes have just
been committed . . . without count-
ing the fact that my wife and servant
are a stroke of genius! ... I hope
to be rich in ten years. When I think
that the people who were here before
me had the travelers’ room done over
and added a drawing-room! . . . The
fools! As though it were possible to
ruin the “Inn of Blood” like that!’

  "He sighed and went on, ‘You see,
I’m not trying to put anything over
on you. You’re not out for thrills, so
I have shown you the inside of every-
thing. But there are people who
would be angry with me if I were to
give the show away. There are some,
you know, who love it! . . . Don’t be
afraid, little lady,’ he said to the
Countess, ‘if the idea that you are go-
ing to sleep in the attic where they

murdered that poor woman upsets
you, I’ll have a mattress put in the
drawing-room. ’

  “ ‘No, we’ll sleep in the attic,’ An-
tonio Ferretti declared.

  “ ‘Very well. And you,’ the inn-
keeper asked, turning to me, ‘ does the
idea of sleeping in the “travelers’
room” bother you?’

  “ ‘Not a bit, not a bit! Does it,
Maria-Luce ? ’

  “ ‘Oh, the whole place frightens
me,’ Maria-Luce answered.

  “At that, we three men burst out
laughing and the women joined us at
the end, but only half-heartedly.

3

“ AT adame scheffer reappeared out
-iVA 0f the trap-door, followed by
the servant, and we stopped laughing
immediately. Only Scheffer seemed
vastly amused by the effect that his
wife had had on us. He called out to his
servant:‘Daniel!’ . . . like the other
one!

  “He ordered him to wring the neck
of two chickens, but Olivia said that
she was not hungry and that a cup of
bouillon would satisfy her.

  “ ‘Excuse me, but I am,’ Antonio
protested, ‘and a chicken won’t fright-
en me!’

  “ ‘And you?’ I asked Maria-Luce.
“ ‘Nor me,’ she answered, squeezing
up close to me; ‘that is the only thing
in the house that doesn’t frighten me.’
“ ‘Shall we dine together?’ An-
tonio asked. He had obviously for-
gotten the incident of the diligence.

  “ ‘No, thank you,’ I answered;
‘ I’ve had a fire lit in our room and my
wife and I will dine alone in our
quarters. ’

  “ ‘It’s very nice up there,’ he re-
plied, smiling. ‘ I have seen the room.
You’re in luck. I can understand
how people sleep there even at the risk
of being murdered!’

  “ ‘You are cheerful!’

  “ ‘Oh, I’m only speaking of those
who were before you.’
160

WEIRD TALES

  “The innkeeper started to rattle
some keys. He had just lighted the
lamps, as night had completely fallen.

  “ ‘While waiting for dinner, I’ll
show you around. The rain has
stopped and we can go to the well, to
the grotto, and in the stable. ’

  “The women hesitated, but we per-
suaded them to follow us. The inn-
keeper went ahead with a swinging
lantern; and in the stable, in front of
the well, and in the grotto, which was
about a hundred yards from the inn
and the existence of which had been
ignored for a long time, he recon-
structed the whole story—and more.
He put in a few details of his own!
The crimes of the Peyrebelle Inn
were mere trifles compared to the
crime of the ‘Inn of Blood’!

  “The Weisbachs had made a sort
of crematory oven out of one end of
the grotto, and some fragments of
human bones, too large to be con-
fused with the bones of sheep, had
been found there.

  ‘ ‘ It was useless trying to be strong-
minded ; we all came back from that
little expedition somewhat upset. We
were glad to re-enter the big room of
the inn with its cheerful hearth . . .
and yet! . . . Yes, but over the fire,
two chickens were turning on the
spit and filled the air with an ex-
tremely pleasant aroma. The bow-
legged servant basted them from
time to time with their juice, mean-
while polishing up a big leather
basin.

  “ ‘What are you doing?’ I asked
him.

  “He lifted his brute face up to-
ward me and went on with his rub-
bing.

  “ ‘Don’t ask Daniel questions,’
the innkeeper said with a little laugh.
‘It’s a waste of time, because he
won’t answer you. Not that he is
dumb, but I have ordered him to be
mute like the other, who really was!
You understand?’

  “ ‘Oh, yes, I understand, Con-

gratulations, you haven’t overlooked
a thing. ’

  “ ‘Nothing. And when the caul-
dron is on the hearth, you’ll see what
a sensation I’ll make when I repeat
the story told to the judge by the
woman with the goiter.’

  “ ‘What was that?’ Antonio asked.

  “ ‘Why, the story of what hap-
pened to her when she first awoke to
the fact that she was working for very
peculiar people. One night when she
came in from her washing, she found
a roaring fire on the hearth. She went
closer to see what they were cooking
in the pot, and she lifted the cover;
but Weisbach appeared on the run
and gave her a blow that sent her
reeling against the wall. But she had
seen! . . . She had seen a man’s head
turning around in the bouillon, sur-
rounded by chunks of flesh.

  “ ‘ “ You see,” Weisbach said to
her, “curiosity is always punished. If
I did what was right, I’d send you to
the bottom of the pot to find out what
is going on there! But I need you.
In the meantime, keep your mouth
shut!”

  *	‘ ‘ The wretched woman threw her-
self at his feet, swearing that she
would never speak. And she stayed
with him, because she knew that they
would never let her go alive! From
that day 011, they talked openly be-
fore her, and there were even some
nights when they forced her to help
them in many ways. They would tell
her to follow them down to the grotto
and close the argument by kicking her
down ahead of them. . . .

  “ ‘Come, let’s go down there now.
It’fe the best part of the whole place.’

 “And he picked up his lantern
again.

  ‘ ‘ The women exchanged looks; then,
catching sight of the bow-legged man
who was staring at them covertly
while he continued to polish his caul-
dron, they made up their minds and
we went down into the cellar behind
Scheffer. A slimy stairway, a greasy
cord, weird shadows thrown by his
THE INK OP TERROR

161

flickering light ... it was awful!
We soon heard ringing blows like
those of a hammer beating against
chains. And, as a matter of fact, that
is what it was. At the end of a sub-
terranean passage the man threw
open a door and we saw another lan-
tern on the damp earth of the vault.
Madame Scheffer was crouched on the
ground, busy fastening a piece of
chain to a ring in the cave wall, from
which hung a lantern. At the end of
the chain there was an iron collar.
She had her back to us and did not
bother even to look up, but continued
her hammering with the violence of a
madwoman. At last she stopped a
moment.

  “ ‘That,’ the man explained, ‘I
have had to have done. But it’s old
iron just the same. The marks of the
hammer won’t show as soon as it has
rusted, and some people will be even
able to find blood-stains. ’

  “‘What a. beast!’ I murmured;
‘there is no possible way of being
bored with you! ’

  “‘No, eh? Nor with my wife! . . .
Wait, and she’ll give you a thrill.
She’ll tell you the story of the pretty
little brunette who was imprisoned in
this cave. It’s worth the trouble of
listening. . . . ’

  “ ‘You ought to set up your little
trick in Paris, Boulevard Roche-
chouart, near the Cafe of the Yellow-
Hammer. You’d be a big success.’

  “ ‘I know,’ he answered. ‘I’ve trav-
eled. There are plenty of fools in the
world. ’

“npHE grotto was not very big.

  -*• Nevertheless, there was room
enough for a little exhibit. An enor-
mous, rusty knife, a saw, an ax, and
all the necessary implements for an
innkeeper who conducts his business
in the way that the deceased Weis-
bach did, hung from nails embedded
between the cracks of the stones. In
one place were a pitchfork and an ox-
goad; against the wall were some
tongs. Some shapeless, colorless rags

also hung from stalactites. Once, it
seems, they had been clothes, and in
another spot was a pile of debris
which included some pieces of old
leather, all that remained of some
shoes.

  “ ‘Read my collection of news-
papers and you will see that all this
stuff is mentioned. I haven’t made up
a thing. Unfortunately, the police
kept all the originals and I had to re-
place them as best I could!’ He
laughed and said to his wife, ‘Go to
it; it’s your turn now. ’

  ‘ ‘ She stood up and came toward us
and we shrank back. I shall see
those squinting eyes and that big
mouth all the rest of my life. And
what a setting! The whole was
brought into fantastic relief by the
fierce, blood-red light thrown by the
two lanterns, one of which was still on
the ground. It was like a horrible,
evil etching. ...

  “The woman put out her arms and
grasped the pitchfork almost greedily,
and as she spoke she glared at the
little countess with such ferocity that
the other was forced to turn away. ...
And what a voice! It was like a
sound from hell.

  “ ‘And yet you know,’ Scheffer said
to us, ‘ she only drinks her little swal-
low of brandy in the morning after
her coffee like the rest of the world.
Good old Annette!’ (He called her
Annette, like the other one!) ‘You
will see what a wonder she is. ’

  “ ‘Perhaps one of the ladies would
like to try the iron collar, ’ she began.
‘It doesn’t matter that Madame is
blond: it would be just as effective.’

  “But the suggestion was not very
well received, and Annette smiled a
horrible smile!

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Everyone to his own taste. This
is what happened, according to the
woman with the goiter. A beautiful
brunette arrived one afternoon accom-
panied by a middle-aged gentleman.
They were obviously rich and had
lots of jewelry. A mishap to their
carriage forced them to take shelter
162

WEIRD TALES

at the inn for the night, and the
coachman, who went back to Soleure,
was to return the next day with anoth-
er carriage for them. When he
arrived the next morning, he was in-
formed that the two had departed
early in the morning and that they
had left money for him. He took the
amount coming to him and went off
without bothering any further about
his customers. But his customers had
never left the inn. . . .

  “ ‘The gentleman, knocked uncon-
scious by Daniel and cut up into
pieces by Weisbach, was already in
the cauldron. As to the lovely bru-
nette, she was still alive in the little
grotto. . . . She lived there for fif-
teen days, according to the woman
with the goiter. Every night as soon
as the inn was closed they went down
to see her. They had her chained
down there to this iron collar. One
evening the woman with the goiter
heard cries and slipped down into the
cellar, but Weisbach, who had sharp
ears, discovered her. He dragged her
into the vault. “You want to see?”
he said to her. * ‘ Then see you must...
see what will happen to you if you
talk. ’ ’ And she saw. . . .

  “ ‘The lovely brunette was there,
completely naked and chained as I
have already described. She was just
one piece of tom flesh, and Weis-
bach ’s wife, now with the pitchfork,
now with the goad, was stroking her
ribs. ’

  “So saying, Madame Seheffer went
into action. And what she was telling
was less horrible than what she did!
Half bent over herself, with a savage
light in her eyes, and that enormous
mouth foaming at the comers, she
hurled first her fork and then her goad
where the chain hung. And she did it
with a fiie that suddenly ceased to be
play and became a kind of madness
and wild enjoyment.

   ** ‘The slut!’ she screamed, and the
sound of her voice sent a chill up my
spine; ‘she killed the poor little bru-
nette like this! like this! and again!

and again! She crushed in her ribs, tore
the flesh, while the walls resounded with
the other’s cries of pain. “Now you’re
beautiful! Let your lover come now!
Ah, and this, too. Now you are more
beautiful than I! ”

  “ ‘I must tell you,’ Madame Schef-
fer said, panting and turning toward
us, or rather toward the little count-
ess, who had to lean against the wall
to keep from falling, ‘ I must explain
that Weisbach’s wife was as ugly as
sin, and she squinted! Naturally, she
could not bear the sight of beautiful
eyes’—so saying Madame Scheffer
stared straight into the little count-
ess’ eyes — ‘without wanting to
.scratch them out!’

   ‘ ‘ ‘ Let’s go! let’s go! ’ Olivia Orsino
cried; ‘I won’t stay here another sec-
ond ! ’ And she rushed from the
vault.

  “We all followed her, and Scheffer,
who was behind, said with a great
laugh, ‘I told you she was priceless!
She has learned her lesson well. But
don’t let it upset you. Aside from
that, she is as gentle as a lamb . . .
and an excellent cook, too, as you will
see.’

  “And then the woman herself,
who had joined us, said, ‘So I fright-
ened you? Well, I must tell the story;
it will make people come!’

4

‘ ‘ T pelt Maria-Luce tremble and we

  A were all a little pale when we
came back into the big room. We
looked at each other and finally burst
out laughing ... all except the
countess.

  “ ‘What a horrible, horrible
woman! ’ she murmured.

  “ ‘And with all that, you don’t
know the end of the story,' said.
Scheffer, jabbing at the chickens with
a fork to see how nearly done they
were. He stopped the string which
turned the spit. ‘ They are done to a
turn, and with a good salad . . .
you’ll praise our cook. . . . The end
of the story is this: The day when
THE INN OF TERROR

163

the -woman with the goiter was
dragged into the vault was the day in
which Madame Weisbach scratched
the little brunette’s eyes out with the
pitchfork. She would teach the other
to have more beautiful eyes than her
own!’

  “1 “Squint now, squint now!” is
what she shrieked,’ Madame Scheffer
completed, loading herself with a pile
of dishes from a large chest.

  “ ‘Enough,’ I said firmly, ‘we’ve
had enough of an appetizer; let’s
eat!’

  “ ‘Do you know what the Italian
woman said to me ? ’ Maria-Luce whis-
pered. ‘She doesn’t want us to leave
them. Let’s eat down here. ’

  “ ‘Oh no!’ I protested; ‘I’m sick of
these stories and I want you all to
myself. ’

  “We took leave of the other two and
I led my wife upstairs. We had a
little trouble in finding our room in
that strange hallway. The stairs were
so steep that we came near to toppling
down them, and it made me think of
the Weisbachs. The traveler would go
up the stairs while the servant waited
for him in the dark at the top and
pushed him down to the innkeepers,
who were waiting at the bottom. And
that was the end of him.

  “We, however, were a bit luckier,
and, as there was only one room in the
inn, we finally found it. But before
locating it I opened doors into several
other rooms filled with packing-cases
and all sorts of debris. I wrondered
why, in an inn, they did not make use
of so much precious space, and while
Scheffer was serving us our supper, in
front of a good fire and under a tame
enough lamp, I could not help asking
him for an explanation of this. He
answered that it would be a great
expense, useless perhaps . . . and
finally after hesitating a moment he
added:

  “ ‘Besides it seems to me that the
Weisbachs did not care to have too
many travelers at one time!’

  “And he left, after putting a bottle

of champagne on the table and wish-
ing us good-night.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Did you hear ? ’ Maria-Luce whis-
pered to me as soon as he was gone;
‘but why does he want to leave things
in the same condition?’

  “ 'He hasn’t been here long. Give
him a chance. You’re not going to
begin imagining things, are you?’
“By the time supper was over, I
had cheered her up again. We had
emptied our bottle of champagne
gayly and forgotten all about the hor-
rors. We were just about to go to
bed when a light knock came at the
door. . . . There was no bolt in this
door, but there was a key and a sort
of hook that fastened to a ring in the
casing.

  “ 'Who is there?’ I asked.

  “ 'Don't open!’ Maria-Luce whis-
pered. She was already terror-strick-
en, for we had made quite an evening
of it and might well be supposed
asleep. . . .

  ‘ ‘ ‘ Open, open quickly, ’ came a heavy
voice which I recognized as the Ital-
ian ’s.

  “At that I opened the door and the
man threw himself into the room,
shutting the door behind him. He
was very pale and seemed in the
throes of the wildest emotion. . . .

  “ ‘I’ve come to warn you,’ he ex-
claimed, his voice trembling with
emotion. ‘First of all, we can hear
everything they say in the kitchen.
These people are murderers. I heard
his wife say to Scheffer: “We have
nothing to fear. If they find the
bones, they’ll think they belonged to
that other affair!” We’re not going
to stay another second in this den.
I’ve found a rope in the attic and
I’ve fastened it to the window-ledge
that overlooks the outside of the house,
not the courtyard. Get dressed and
follow us! ’

  “Maria-Luce was already half un-
dressed and I had thrown my coat on
the chair.

  “ ‘This is a fine tale!’ I exclaimed,
dumfounded.
164

WEIRD TALES

  “ ‘You didn’t see that woman’s
eyes, ’ said Maria-Luce, her teeth chat-
tering with fright.

  “Seeing that I was undecided, the
Italian lost no time and left us.
Maria-Luce was dressing hastily,
shaking in every limb.

  “ ‘Let’s go! let’s go!’ she begged.
‘You haven’t even a revolver.’

  “That was true. And besides it
was impossible to oppose Maria-Luce.
I took the bag, and two minutes later
we were in the attic, after removing
our shoes to make no noise. The little
wooden door of the garret window
was open and the cord fastened to the
screw of a pulley. The Italians had
already gone. We put our shoes on
hastily, and it was then that I dis-
covered a little streak of light coming
through a crack in the floor. It came
up from the kitchen, and I tried to
peer through it. I saw nothing, but
I could hear Scheffer’s voice say:
‘Which one shall we begin on?’ ”

Chaulieu had reached this point in
his narrative, when Captain
Michel hit the table with such a blow
of his fist that the saucers under their
glasses jumped.

  “I expected that! What an orig-
inal story! But in Paul-Louis Cour-
ier’s tale the innkeeper says, ‘Shall we
kill them both?’ and he was only re-
ferring to two chickens! You take us
for geese, Chaulieu! ’ ’

  “Wait a minute,” said Chaulieu.
“I don’t know what this Paul-Louis
thing of your is—I don’t know him
from the man in the moon—and if
you are geese, inform your respective
relations of the fact. . . . I’m telling
the adventure just as it happened to
me.”

  “Let him finish,” said Dorat; “I’ll
bet he had forgotten all about love
when he heard those words. ’ ’

  “Yes, old man, I certainly had, and
so had Maria-Luce. And I can tell you
we lost no time in making our escape!
I made another knot in the cord and

grasped hold of it. Maria-Luce, to
whom I had given the bag, which con-
tained quite a large sum of money:
and our toilet articles, got up on my
shoulders, and when we reached the
ground we ran for ten minutes with-
out stopping. We started down to-
ward Soleure by the first path we
came to because we did not dare risk
the main road. I expected to catch
up to the Italians, but we lost our-
selves in the pitch-black darkness.
Slipping and sliding and falling on
the soaked ground, we plunged on
madly.”

  “You were frightened to death by
that time,” laughed Michel.

  “I should say we were. I couldn’t
even stop Maria-Luce, who thought
we were being pursued by bandits
ready to shoot us down at any minute.
The worst was that it began to rain
again—and how! . . . Good Lord,
what a night! . . . lost in a forest,
torn and scratched by branches, and
pelted with the heaviest kind of rain!
Never in my life have I ever spent
such hours. And I finally had to carry
Maria-Luce, who was nothing more
than a dripping bundle of rags. ... At
last, alight! A peasant’s cottage. . . .
They took us in, warmed us, and
gave us a bed. They dried our clothes
for us, and in emptying my pockets I
found a piece of paper with a few
words written on it in pencil:

  “Thanks for the room. I leave you the
coup6.”

  ‘ ‘ I would have sworn it! ” exclaimed
Captain Michel. “You must be a fool. ’ ’

  “Wait a minute,” Chaulieu said
again. ‘ ‘ I haven ?t finished! You can
well imagine what a temper I was in
over this stupid joke, which, consid-
ering Maria-Luce’s condition, narrow-
ly escaped being criminal. ... It
was no use rubbing her; she stayed as
cold as ice. During the night she was
taken with a high fever and I sent
to Soleure for a doctor. It was two
days before we were able to leave
those kind peasants.
THE INN OF TERROR

165

5

“ T had had enough of Switzerland,
and we returned to Mourillon
the shortest way possible; but, alas!
the good southern sun was not enough
to cure Maria-Luce. She had always
told me that her lungs were not very
strong, and from that day on she be-
gan to cough. And when at last, a few
years later, she stopped coughing she
was dead.”

  Dorat coughed at that to show that
he was still very much alive.

  “Listen, poor old Chaulieu,” he
said, “we’re all sorry, but as far as
Maria-Luce’s death is concerned, it is
a misfortune which might have oc-
curred under entirely different cir-
cumstances, after a damp walk in the
woods, for example. The truth of the
matter, as far as your story goes, is
that they played a rotten joke on you,
that’s all.”

  “No!” Chaulieu growled; “not at
all. . . . The story only begins to be
interesting from now on!

  “The following year the Italian
papers, and finally newspapers all
over the world, were full of the dis-
appearance of a man and a woman.
And that is how we knew that our two
Italians had been Antonio Ferretti
and Countess Olivia Orsino. If we had
had any doubts, which was impossible
because the resemblance between them
both was perfect, we would have been
convinced by this fact: that they had
been traced as far as Soleure, and
there the trail ended!

  “When Maria-Luce and I learned
of this we looked at each other in si-
lence. and the same terrible thought
struck us both. The unfortunate pair
had wanted to make fun of us. They
had hidden in a comer of the hall and
after our departure had slipped into
our room, where the Scheffers had
murdered them in our place!

  “Well, what do you say to that?”
he asked, enjoying the astonishment
of his friends. “Not so bad, eh?
Wait. . . .

  ‘ ‘ Remembering all we had seen and
heard in the vault, and especially
Madame Scheffer’s frenzied illustra-
tion with the goad and pitchfork, we
became more and more convinced that
these people had gone from pretense
to actuality ... I mean to say, they
had carried the reconstruction of the
crimes of the ‘Inn of Blood’ to the
finish!

  “ ‘Do you remember,’ Maria-Luce
said to me, ‘do you remember how she
stared at the countess?’ Here Maria-
Luce shivered and went on, ‘It was
terrifying! One might have believed
that the countess was already her
prey, chained to the wall like the
“pretty little brunette” . . . and that
she was scratching her eyes out with
the pitchfork! All, poor wretches!
The ruffians may have tortured her,
too, for fifteen days, having already
cooked Antonio. And when I think ...
when I think that if it hadn’t been
for that trouble over the coupe, they
would never have played that trick as
a revenge! ... It was we who-’

  “ ‘Don’t think about it,’ I ex-
claimed. But the matter could not
rest there. Maria-Luce had night-
mares about it at night, and so did I.
At last, to get rid of the obsession, we
did our duty. We returned to So-
leure, and our first move was to go
directly to the police, where we told
the whole story from beginning to
end.

 “An inquest followed which
brought immediate results. All the
details we gave, all the incidents just
as they had happened before our eyes,
were confirmed. . . . And the Schef-
fers did not deny a thing. They did
not seem in the least phased by it.
And yet there were several questions
which might well have embarrassed
them; but Scheffer had an answer to
everything.

“For example, when the judge
asked: ‘What did the words Mon-
sieur Chaulieu heard mean: “Which
one shall we begin on?” ’he answered
(Continued on page 282)
1.	A King Comes Riding

THE blare of the trumpets
grew louder, like a deep gold-
en tide surge, like the soft
booming of the evening tides against
the silver beaches of Valusia. The
throng shouted, women flung roses
from the roofs as the rhythmic chim-
ing of silver hoofs came clearer and
the first of the mighty array swung
into view in the broad white street
that curved round the golden-spired
Tower of Splendor.

  First came the trumpeters, slim
youths, clad in scarlet, riding with a
flourish of long, slender golden trum-

     166

pets; nest the bowmen, tall men from
the mountains; and behind these the
heavily armed footmen, their broad
shields clashing in unison, their long
spears swaying in perfect rhythm to
their stride. Behind them came the
mightiest soldiery in all the world,
the Red Slayers, horsemen, splendid-
ly mounted, armed in red from hel-
met to spur. Proudly they sat their
steeds, looking neither to right nor to
left, but aware of the shouting for all
that. Like bronze statues they were,
and there was never a waver in the
forest of spears that reared above
them.
BY

ROBERT-E

  Behind those proud and terrible
ranks came the motley files of the
mercenaries, fierce, wild-looking war-
riors, men of Mu and of Kaa-u and
of the hills of the east and the isles
of the west. They bore spears and
heavy swords, and a compact group

that marched somewhat apart were
the bowmen of Lemuria. Then came
the light foot of the nation, and more
trumpeters brought up the rear.

  A brave sight, and a sight which
aroused a fierce thrill in the soul of
Kull, king of Valusia. Not on the!

                                      167

“Some chain had broken in his soul, flooding
his mind with a red wave of slaughter-
lust.”
168

WEIRD TALES

Topaz Throne at the front of the regal
Tower of Splendor sat Kull, but in the
saddle, mounted on a great stallion,
a true warrior king. His mighty arm
swung up in reply to the salutes as
the hosts passed. His fierce eyes passed
the gorgeous trumpeters with a cas-
ual glance, rested longer on the fol-
lowing soldiery; they blazed with a
ferocious light as the Red Slayers
halted in front of him with a clang
of arms and a rearing of steeds, and
tendered him the crown salute. They
narrowed slightly as the mercenaries
strode by. They saluted no one, the
mercenaries. They walked with
shoulders flung back, eyeing Kull
boldly and straightly, albeit with a
certain appreciation; fierce eyes, un-
blinking; savage eyes, staring from
beneath shaggy manes and heavy
brows.

  And Kull gave back a like stare.
He granted much to brave men, and
there were no braver in all the world,
not even among the wild tribesmen
who now disowned him. But Kull
was too much the savage to have any
great love for these. There were too
many feuds. Many were age-old
enemies of Kull’s nation, and though
the name of Kull was now a word ac-
cursed among the mountains and val-
leys of his people, and though Kull
had put them from his mind, yet the
old hates, the ancient passions still
lingered. For Kull was no Valusian
but an Atlantean.

  The armies swung out of sight
around the gem-blazing shoulders of
the Tower of Splendor and Kull
reined his stallion about and started
toward the palace at an easy gait, dis-
cussing the review with the com-
manders that rode with him, using
not many words, but saying much.

  “The army is like a sword,” said
Kull, “and must not be allowed to
rust. ’' So down the street they rode,
and Kull gave no heed to any of the
whispers that reached his hearing
from the throngs that still swarmed
the streets.

  “That is Kull, see! Valka! But
what a king! And what a man! Look
at his arms! His shoulders! ”

  And an undertone of more sinister
whisperings: “Kull! Ha, accursed
usurper from the pagan isles”—
“Aye, shame to Valusia that a
barbarian sits on the Throne of
Kings.” . . .

 Little did Kull heed. Heavy-
handed had he seized the decaying
throne of ancient Valusia and with a
heavier hand did he hold it, a man
against a nation.

  After the council chamber, the
social palace where Kull replied to
the formal and laudatory phrases of
the lords and ladies, with carefully
hidden, grim amusement at such
frivolities; then the lords and ladies
took their formal departure and Kull
leaned back upon the ermine throne
and contemplated matters of state
until an attendant requested permis-
sion from the great king to speak,
and announced an emissary from the
Pietish embassy.

  Kull brought his mind back from
the dim mazes of Valusian statecraft
where it had been wandering, and
gazed upon the Piet with little favor.
The man gave back the gaze of the
king without flinching. He was a
lean-hipped, massive-chested warrior
of middle height, dark, like all his
race, and strongly built. From strong,
immobile features gazed dauntless
and inscrutable eyes.

  “The chief of the Councilors, Ka-
nu of the tribe, right hand of the
king of Pictdom, sends greetings and
says: ‘There is a throne at the feast
of the rising moon for Kull, king of
kings, lord of lords, emperor of Valu-
sia. ’ ”

  “Good,” answered Kull. “Say to
Ka-nu the Ancient, ambassador of the
western isles, that the king of Valu-
sia will quaff wine with him when the
moon floats over the hills of Zal-
gara. ’ ’

  Still the Piet lingered. “I have a
word for the king, not”—with a con-
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

169

temptuons flirt of his hand—“for
these slaves.”

  Kull dismissed the attendants with
a word, watching the Piet warily.

 The man stepped nearer, and
lowered his voice: “Come alone to
feast tonight, lord king. Such was
the word of my chief. ’ ’

  The king’s eyes narrowed, gleam-
ing like gray sword steel, coldly.

  “Alone?”

  “Aye.”

  They eyed each other silently, their
mutual tribal enmity seething beneath
their cloak of formality. Their
mouths spoke the cultured speech, the
conventional court phrases of a high-
ly polished race, a race not their own,
but from their eyes gleamed the
primal traditions of the elemental
savage. Kull might be the king of
Valusia and the Piet might be an
emissary to her courts, but there in
the throne hall of kings, two tribes-
men glowered at each other, fierce
and wary, while ghosts of wild wars
and world-ancient feuds whispered to
each.

  To the king was the advantage and
he enjoyed it to its fullest extent.
Jaw resting on hand, he eyed the
Piet, who stood like an image of
bronze, head flung back, eyes un-
flinching.

  Across Kull’s lips stole a smile
that was more a sneer.

  “And so I am to come—alone?”
Civilization had taught him to speak
by innuendo and the Piet’s dark eyes
glittered, though he made no reply.
“How am I to know that you come
from Ka-nu?”

  “I have spoken,” was the sullen
response.

 “And when did a Piet speak
truth?” sneered Kull, fully aware
that the Piets never lied, but using
this means to enrage the man.

  “I see your plan, king,” the Piet
answered imperturbably. “You wish
to anger me. By Valka, you need go
no further! I am angry enough.
And I challenge you to meet me in

single battle, spear, sword or dagger,
mounted or afoot. Are you king or

man?”

  Kull’s eyes glinted with the grudg-
ing admiration a warrior must needs
give a bold foeman, but he did not
fail to use the chance of further an-
noying his antagonist.

  “A king does not accept the chal-
lenge of a nameless savage,” he
sneered, “nor does the emperor of
Valusia break the Truce of Ambassa-
dors. You have leave to go. Say to
Ka-nu I will come alone.”

  The Piet’s eyes flashed murderous-
ly. He fairly shook in the grasp of
the primitive blood-lust; then, turn-
ing his back squarely upon the king
of Valusia, he strode across the Hall
of Society and vanished through the
great door.

  Again Kull leaned back upon the
ermine throne and meditated.

  So the chief of the Council of Piets
wished him to come alone? But for
what reason? Treachery? Grimly
Kull touched the hilt of his great
sword. But scarcely. The Piets val-
ued too greatly the alliance with
Valusia to break it for any feudal
reason. Kull might be a warrior of
Atlantis and hereditary enemy of all
Piets, but too, he was king of Valusia,
the most potent ally of the Men of the
West.

  Kull reflected long upon the strange
state of affairs that made him ally of
ancient foes and foe of ancient
friends. He rose and paced restlessly
across the hall, with the quick, noise-
less tread of a lion. Chains of friend-
ship, tribe and tradition had he bro-
ken to satisfy his ambition. And, by
Valka, god of the sea and the land,
he had realized that ambition! He
was king of Valusia—a fading, degen-
erate Valusia, a Valusia living mostly
in dreams of bygone glory, but still a
mighty land and the greatest of the
Seven Empires. Valusia—Land of
Dreams, the tribesmen named it, and
sometimes it seemed to Kull that he
moved in a dream. Strange to him
170

WEIRD TALES

were the intrigues of court and pal-
ace, army and people. All was like a
masquerade, where men and women
hid their real thoughts with a smooth
mask. Yet the seizing of the throne
had been easy—a bold snatching of
opportunity, the swift whirl of
swords, the slaying of a tyrant of
whom men had wearied unto death,
short, crafty plotting with ambitious
statesmen out of favor at court—and
Kull, wandering adventurer, At-
lantean exile, had swept up to the
dizzy heights of his dreams: he was
lord of Valusia, king of kings. Yet
now it seemed that the seizing was far
easier than the keeping. The sight of
the Piet had brought back youthful
associations to his mind, the free,
wild savagery of his boyhood. And
now a strange feeling of dim unrest,
of unreality, stole over him as of late
it had been doing. Who was he, a
straightforward man of the seas and
the mountain, to rule a race strangely
and terribly wise with the mysticisms
of antiquity? An ancient race—*—
“I am Kull!’’ said he, flinging
back his head as a lion flings back his
mane. “I am Kull!”

  His falcon gaze swept the ancient
hall. His self-confidence flowed
back. . . . And in a dim nook of the
hall a tapestry moved—slightly.

  2.	Thus Spake the Silent Halls
             of Valusia

The moon had not risen, and the
garden was lighted with torches
aglow in silver cressets when Kull sat
down in the throne before the table
of Ka-nu, ambassador of the western
isles. At his right hand sat the
ancient Piet, as much unlike an emis-
sary of that fierce race as a man could
be. Ancient was Ka-nu and wise in
statecraft, grown old in the game.
There was no elemental hatred in the
eyes that looked at Kull appraisingly;
no tribal traditions hindered his
judgments. Long associations with

the statesmen of the civilized nations
had swept away such cobwebs. Not:
who and what is this man? was the
question ever foremost in Ka-nu’s
mind, but: can I use this man, and
how? Tribal prejudices he used only
to further his own schemes.

  And Kull watched Ka-nu, answer-
ing his conversation briefly, wonder-
ing if civilization would make of him
a thing like the Piet. For Ka-nu was
soft and paunchy. Many years had
stridden across the sky-rim since Ka-
nu had wielded a sword. True, he
was old, but Kull had seen men older
than he in the forefront of battle.
The Piets were a long-lived race. A
beautiful girl stood at Ka-nu’s elbow,
refilling his goblet, and she was kept
busy. Meanwhile Ka-nu kept up a
running fire of jests and comments,
and Kull, secretly contemptuous of
his garrulity, nevertheless missed
none of his shrewd humor.

  At the banquet were Pictish chiefs
and statesmen, the latter jovial and
easy in their manner, the warriors
formally courteous, but plainly ham-
pered by their tribal affinities. Yet
Kull, with a tinge of envy, was cog-
nizant of the freedom and ease of the
affair as contrasted with like affairs of
the Valusian court. Such freedom
prevailed in the rude camps of At-
lantis—Kull shrugged his shoulders.
After all, doubtless Ka-nu, who had
seemed to have forgotten he was a
Piet as far as time-hoary custom and
prejudice went, was right and he,
Kull, would better become a Valusian
in mind as in name.

  At last when the moon had reached
her zenith, Ka-nu, having eaten and
drunk as much as any three men
there, leaned back upon his divan
with a comfortable sigh and said,
“Now, get you gone, friends, for the
king and I would converse on such
matters as concerns not children.
Yes, you too, my pretty; yet first let
me kiss those ruby lips—so; now
dance away, my rose-bloom.”
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

171

  Ka-nu’s eyes twinkled above his
white beard as he surveyed Kull, who
sat erect, grim and uncompromising.

  “You are thinking, Kull,” said the
old statesman, suddenly, “that Ka-nu
is a useless old reprobate, fit for noth-
ing except to guzzle wine and kiss
wenches!”

  In fact, this remark was so much in
line with his actual thoughts, and so
plainly put, that Kull was rather
startled, though he gave no sign.

  Ka-nu gurgled and his paunch shook
with his mirth. “Wine is red and
women are soft,” he remarked toler-
antly. ‘ * But—ha! ha!—think not old
Ka-nu allows either to interfere with
business.”

  Again he laughed, and Kull moved
restlessly. This seemed much like
being made sport of, and the king’s
scintillant eyes began to glow with
a feline light.

  Ka-nu reached for the wine-pitcher,
filled his beaker and glanced question-
ingly at Kull. who shook his head
irritably.

  “Aye,” said Ka-nu equably, “it
takes an old head to stand strong
drink. I am growing old, Kull, so
why should you young men begrudge
me such pleasures as we oldsters must
find? Ah me, I grow ancient and
withered, friendless and cheerless. ’ ’
But his looks and expressions
failed far of bearing out his words.
His rubicund countenance fairly
glowed, and his eyes sparkled, so that
his white beard seemed incongruous.
Indeed, he looked remarkably elfin,
reflected Kull, who felt vaguely re-
sentful. The old scoundrel had lost
all of the primitive virtues of his race
and of Kull’s race, yet he seemed
more pleased in his aged days than
otherwise.

  ‘ ‘ Hark ye, Kull, ’ ’ said Ka-nu, rais-
ing an admonitory finger, “ ’tis a
chancy thing to laud a young man,
yet I must speak my true thoughts
to gain your confidence.”

  “If you think to gain it by flat-
tery-”

  “Tush. Who spake of flattery? I
flatter only to disguard.”

  There was a keen sparkle in Ka-
nu’s eyes, a cold glimmer that did
not match his lazy smile. He knew
men, and he knew that to gain his end
he must smite straight with this tiger-
ish barbarian, who, like a wolf scent-
ing a snare, would scent out unerring-
ly any falseness in the skein of his
word-web.

  “You have power, Kull,” said he,
choosing his words with more care
than he did in the council rooms of
the nation, “to make yourself mighti-
est of all kings, and restore some of
the lost glories of Valusia. So. I care
little for Valusia—though the women
and wine be excellent—save for the
fact that the stronger Valusia is, the
stronger is the Piet nation. More,
with an Atlantean on the throne,
eventually Atlantis will become

united-”

  Kull laughed in harsh mockery.
Ka-nu had touched an old wound.

  “Atlantis made my name accursed
when I went to seek fame and for-
tune among the cities of the world.
We—they—are age-old foes of the
Seven Empires, greater foes of the
allies of the Empires, as you should
know.”

  Ka-nu tugged his beard and smiled
enigmatically.

  “Nay, nay. Let it pass. But I
know whereof I speak. And then
warfare will cease, wherein there is
no gain; I see a world of peace and
prosperity—man loving his fellow
man—the good supreme. All this can
you accomplish—if you liveI”

  ‘ * Ha! ’ ’ Kull’s lean hand closed on
his hilt and he half rose, with a sud-
den movement of such dynamic speed
that Ka-nu, who fancied men as some
men fancy blooded horses, felt his old
blood leap with a sudden thrill.
Valka, what a warrior! Nerves and
sinews of steel and fire, bound to-
gether with the perfect co-ordination,
the fighting instinct, that makes the
terrible warrior.
172

WEIRD TALES

  But none of Ka-nu’s enthusiasm
showed in his mildly sarcastic tone.

  "Tush. Be seated. Look about
you. The gardens are deserted, the
seats empty, save for ourselves. You
fear not me?”

  Kull sank back, gazing about him
warily.

  "There speaks the savage,” mused
Ka-nu. "Think you if I planned
treachery I would enact it here where
suspicion would be sure to fall upon
me? Tut. You young tribesmen have
much to learn. There were my chiefs
who were not at ease because you were
born among the hills of Atlantis, and
you despise me in your secret mind
because I am a Piet, Tush. I see you
as Kull, king of Valusia, not as Kull,
the reckless Atlantean, leader of the
raiders who harried the western isles.
So you should see in me, not a Piet
but an international man, a figure of
the world. Now to that figure, hark!
If you were slain tomorrow who
would be king?”

  "Kaanuub, baron of Blaal.”

  ‘ ‘ Even so. I object to Kaanuub for
many reasons, yet most of all for the
fact that he is but a figurehead.”
"How so? He was my greatest op-
ponent, but I did not know that he
championed any cause but his own.”
"The night can hear,” answered
Ka-nu obliquely. "There are worlds
within worlds. But you may trust me
and you may trust Brule, the Spear-
slayer. Look!” He drew from his
robes a bracelet of gold representing
a winged dragon coiled thrice, with
three horns of ruby on the head.

  "Examine it closely. Brule will
wear it on his arm when he comes to
you tomorrow night so that you may
know him. Trust Brule as you trust
yourself, and do what he tells you to.
And in proof of trust, look ye! ”

  And with the speed of a striking
hawk, the ancient snatched something
from his robes, something that flung
a weird green light over them, and
which he replaced in an instant.

  "The stolen gem!” exclaimed Kull

recoiling. "The green jewel from
the Temple of the Serpent! Valka!
You! And why do you show it to
me?”

  "To save your life. To prove my
trust. If I betray your trust, deal
with me likewise. You hold my life
in your hand. Now I could not be
false to you if I would, for a word
from you would be my doom.”

  Yet for all his words the old scoun-
drel beamed merrily and seemed vast-
ly pleased with himself.

  ‘ ‘ But why do you give me this hold
over you?” asked Kull, becoming
more bewildered each second.

  "As I told you. Now, you see that
I do not intend to deal you false, and
tomorrow night when Brule comes to
you, you will follow his advice with-
out fear of treachery. Enough. An
escort waits outside to ride to the pal-
ace with you, lord.”

  Kull rose. “But you have told me
nothing. ’ ’

 “Tush. How impatient are
youths!” Ka-nu looked more like a
mischievous elf than ever. “Go you
and dream of thrones and power and
kingdoms, while I dream of wine and
soft women and roses. And fortune
ride with you, King Kull. ’ ’

  As he left the garden, Kull glanced
back to see Ka-nu still reclining lazi-
ly in his seat, a merry ancient, beam-
ing on all the world with jovial fel-
lowship.

Amounted warrior waited for the
king just without the garden and
Kull was slightly surprized to see
that it was the same that had brought
Ka-nu’s invitation. No word was
spoken as Kull swung into the saddle
nor as they clattered along the empty
streets.

  The color and the gayety of the day
had given away to the eery stillness
of night. The city’s antiquity was
more than ever apparent beneath the
bent, silver moon. The huge pillars
of the mansions and palaces towered
up into the stars. The broad stair-
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

173

ways, silent and deserted, seemed to
climb endlessly until they vanished in
the shadowy darkness of the upper
realms. Stairs to the stars, thought
Kull, his imaginative mind inspired
by the weird grandeur of the scene.

  Clang! clang! clang! sounded the
silver hoofs on the broad, moon-flood-
ed streets, but otherwise there was no
sound. The age of the city, its incred-
ible antiquity, was almost oppressive
to the king ; it was as if the great si-
lent buildings laughed at him, noise-
lessly, with unguessable mockery. And
what secrets did they hold?

  “You are young,” said the palaces
and the temples and the shrines, “but
we are old. The world was wild with
youth when we were reared. You and
your tribe shall pass, but we are in-
vincible, indestructible. We towered
above a strange world, ere Atlantis
and Lemuria rose from the sea; we
still shall reign when the green wa-
ters sigh for many a restless fathom,
above the spires of Lemuria and the
hills of Atlantis and when the isles of
the Western Men are the mountains
of a strange land.

  ‘ ‘ How many kings have we watchcd
ride down these streets before Kull of
Atlantis was even a dream in the
mind of Ka, bird of Creation? Ride
on, Kull of Atlantis; greater shall
follow you; greater came before you.
They are dust; they are forgotten; we
stand; we know; we are. Ride, ride
on, Kull of Atlantis; Kull the king,
Kull the fool!”

  And it seemed to Kull that the
clashing hoofs took up the silent re-
frain to beat it into the night with
hollow re-echoing mockery:

  “Kull — the — king! Kull — the
— fool!”

  Glow, moon; you light a king’s
way! Gleam, stars; you are torches
in the train of an emperor! And
clang, silver-shod hoofs; you herald
that Kull rides through Valusia.

  Ho! Awake, Valusia! It is Kull
that rides, Kull the king!

 “We have known many kings,”
said the silent halls of Valusia.

  And so in a brooding mood Kull
came to the palace, where his body-
guard, men of the Red Slayers, came
to take the rein of the great stallion
and escort Kull to his rest. There the
Piet, still sullenly speechless, wheeled
his steed with a savage wrench of the
rein and fled away in the dark like a
phantom; Kull’s heightened imagina-
tion pictured him speeding through
the silent streets like a goblin out of
the Elder World.

  There was no sleep for Kull that
night, for it was nearly dawn and he
spent the rest of the night hours pac-
ing the throneroom, and pondering
over what had passed. Ka-nu had
told him nothing, yet he had put him-
self in Kull’s complete power. At
what had he hinted when he had said
the baron of Blaal was naught but a
figurehead? And who was this Brule
who was to come to him by night,
wearing the mystic armlet of the
dragon? And why? Above all, why had
Ka-nu shown him the green gem of
terror, stolen long ago from the tem-
ple of the Serpent, for which the
world would rock in wars were it
known to the weird and terrible keep-
ers of that temple, and from whose
vengeance not even Ka-nu’s ferocious
tribesmen might be able to save him?
But Ka-nu knew he was safe, reflect-
ed Kull, for the statesman was too
shrewd to expose himself to risk with-
out profit. But was it to throw the
king off his guard and pave the way to
treachery'? Would Ka-nu dare let
him live now? Kull shrugged his
shoulders.

3.	They That Walk the Night

The moon had not risen when Kull,
hand to hilt, stepped to a window.
The windows opened upon the great
inner gardens of the royal palace, and
the breezes of the night, bearing the
scents of spice trees, blew the filmy
curtains about. The king looked out.
174

WEIRD TALES

The walks and groves were deserted;
carefully trimmed trees were bulky
shadows; fountains near by flung their
slender sheen of silver in the starlight
and distant fountains rippled steadily.
No guards walked those gardens, for
so closely were the outer walls guard-
ed that it seemed impossible for any
invader to gain access to them.

  Vines curled up the walls of the
palace, and even as Kull mused upon
the ease with which they might be
climbed, a segment of shadow de-
tached itself from the darkness below
the window and a bare, brown arm
curved up over the sill. KulFs great
sword hissed half-way from the
sheath; then the king halted. Upon
the muscular forearm gleamed the
dragon armlet shown him by Ka-nu
the night before.

  The possessor of the arm pulled
himself up over the sill and into the
room with the swift, easy motion of a
climbing leopard.

  "You are Brule?” asked Kull, and
then stopped in surprize not unmin-
gled with annoyance and suspicion;
for the man was he whom Kull had
taunted in the hall of Society; the
same who had escorted him from the
Pictish embassy.

  "I am Brule, the Spear-slayer, ” an-
swered the Piet in a guarded voice;
then swiftly, gazing closely in Kull’s
face, he said, barely above a whisper:

  *	Ila nama kaa lajerama!”

  Kull started. "Ha! What mean
you?”

  "Know you not?”

  "Nay, the words, are unfamiliar;
they are of no language I ever heard
—and yet, by Valka!—somewhere—

I have heard-”

  "Aye,” was the Piet’s only com-
ment. His eyes swept the room, the
study room of the palace. Except for
a few tables, a divan or two and
great shelves of books of parchment,
the room was barren compared to the
grandeur of the rest of the palace.

  "Tell me, king, who guards the
door?”

  ' ‘ Eighteen of the Red Slayers. But
how -come you, stealing through the
gardens by night and scaling the walls
of the palace?”

  Brule sneered. ‘ ‘ The guards of Va-
lusia are blind buffaloes. I could steal
their girls from under their noses. I
stole amid them and they saw me not
nor heard me. And the walls—I could
scale them without the aid of vines.
I have hunted tigers on the foggy
beaches when the sharp east breezes
blew the mist in from seaward and I
have climbed the steeps of the western
sea mountain. But come—nay, touch
this armlet.”

  He held out his arm and, as Kull
complied wonderingly, gave an appar-
ent sigh of relief.

  "Bo. Now throw off those kingly
robes; for there are ahead of you this
night such deeds as no Atlantean ever
dreamed of.”

  Brule himself was clad only in a
scanty loin-cloth through which was
thrust a short, curved sword.

  "And who are you to give me or-
ders?” asked Kull, slightly resentful.

  "Did not Ka-nu bid you follow me
in all things?” asked the Piet irri-
tably, his eyes flashing momentarily.
"I have no love for you, lord, but for
the moment I have put the thought of
feuds from my mind. Do you like-
wise. But come.”

  Walking noiselessly, he led the way
across the room to the door. A slide
in the door allowed a view of the outer
corridor, unseen from without, and
the Piet bade Kull look.

 "What see you?”

  "Naught but the eighteen guards-
men.”

  The Piet nodded, motioned Kull to
follow him across the room. At a
panel in the opposite wall Brule
stopped and fumbled there a moment.
Then with a light movement he
stepped back, drawing his sword as
he did so. Kull gave an exclamation
as the panel swung silently open, re-
vealing a dimly lighted passageway.
"A secret passage!” swore Kull
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

175

softly. "And I knew nothing of it!
By Valka, someone shall dance for
this! ’ ’

  "Silence!” hissed the Piet.

. Brule was standing like a bronze
statue as if straining every nerve for
the slightest sound; something about
his attitude made Kull’s hair prickle
slightly, not from fear but from some
eery anticipation. Then beckoning.
Brule stepped through the secret
doorway which stood open behind
them. The passage was bare, but not
dust-covered as should have been the
case with an unused secret corridor.
A vague, gray light filtered through
somewhere, but the source of it was
not apparent. Every few feet Kull
saw doors, invisible, as he knew, from
the outside, but easily apparent from
within.

  "The palace is a very honeycomb,”
he muttered.

  "Aye. Night and day you are
watched, king, by many eyes.”

  The king was impressed by Brule's
manner. The Piet went forward
slowly, warily, half crouching, blade
held low and thrust forward. When
he spoke it was in a whisper and he
continually flung glances 'Yom side to
side.

  The corridor turned sharply and
Brule warily gazed past the turn.

  "Look!” he whispered. "But re-
member! No word! No sound—on
your life!”

  Kull cautiously gazed past him.
The corridor changed just at the bend
to a flight of steps. And then Kull
recoiled. At the foot of those stairs
lay the eighteen Red Slayers who
were that night stationed to watch the
king’s study room. Brule's grip upon
his mighty arm and Brule’s fierce
whisper at his shoulder alone kept
Kull from leaping down those stairs.

  "Silent, Kull! Silent, in Valka’s
name!” hissed the Piet. "These cor-
ridors are empty now, but I risked
much in showing you, that you might
then believe what I had to say. Back
now to the room of study.” And he

retraced his steps, Kull following ; his
mind in a turmoil of bewilderment.

  "This is treachery,” muttered the
king, his steel-gray eyes a-smolder,
"foul and swift! Mere minutes have
passed since those men stood at
guard.”

  Again in the room of study Brule
carefully closed the secret panel and
motioned Kull to look again through
the slit of the outer door. Kull gasped
audibly. For without stood the eight-
een guardsmen!

  "This is sorcery!” he whispered,
half-drawing his sword. "Do dead
men guard the king?”

  “Aye!” came Brule’s scarcely au-
dible reply; there was a strange ex-
pression in the Piet’s scintillant eyes.
They looked squarely into each oth-
er’s eyes for an instant, Kull’s brow
wrinkled in a puzzled scowl as he
strove to read the Piet's inscrutable
face. Then Brule’s lips, barely mov-
ing, formed the words:

“The — snake — that — speaks!”
"Silent!” whispered Kull, laying
his hand over Brule’s mouth. "That
is death to speak! That is a name ac-
cursed!”

  The Piet’s fearless eyes regarded
him steadily.

 "Look again, King Kull. Per-
chance the guard was changed.”
"Nay, those are the same men. In
Valka’s name, this is sorcery—this is
insanity! I saw with my own eyes the
bodies of those men, not eight minutes
agone. Yet there they stand.”

  Brule stepped back, away from the
door, Kull mechanically following.

  "Kull, what know ye of the tradi-
tions of this race ye rule ? ’ ’

  "Much—and yet, little. Valusia is

so old-”

 "Aye,” Brule’s eyes lighted
strangely, "we are but barbarians—
infants compared to the Seven Em-
pires. Not even they themselves know
how old they are. Neither the memory
of man nor the annals of the histo-
rians reach back far enough to tell us
when the first men came up from the
176

WEIRD TALES

sea and built cities on the shore. But
Kull, men were not always ruled by
men!”

  The king started. Their eyes met.

  “Aye, there is a legend of my peo-
ple-”

 “And mine!” broke in Brule.
*4 That was before we of the isles were
allied with Valusia. Aye, in the reign
of Lion-fang, seventh war chief of the
Piets, so many years ago no man re-
members how many. Across the sea
we came, from the isles of the sunset,
skirting the shores of Atlantis, and
falling upon the beaches of Valusia
with fire and sword. Aye, the long
white beaches resounded with the
clash of spears, and the night was like
day from the flame of the burning
castles. And the king, the king of
Valusia, who died on the red sea

sands that dim day-” His voice

trailed off; the two stared at each
other, neither speaking; then each
nodded.

  “Ancient is Valusia!” whispered
Kull. ‘ ‘ The hills of Atlantis and Mu
were isles of the sea when Valusia was
young. ’ ’

  The night breeze whispered through
the open window. Not the free, crisp
sea air such as Brule and Kull knew
and reveled in, in their land, but a
breath like a whisper from the past,
laden with musk, scents of forgotten
things, breathing secrets that were
hoary when the world was young.

  The tapestries rustled, and sudden-
ly Kull felt like a naked child before
the inscrutable wisdom of the mystic
past. Again the sense of unreality
swept upon him. At the back of his
soul stole dim, gigantic phantoms,
whispering monstrous things. He
sensed that Brule experienced similar
thoughts. The Piet’s eyes were fixed
upon his face with a fierce intensity.
Their glances met. Kull felt warmly
a sense of comradeship with this mem-
ber of an enemy tribe. Like rival
leopards turning at bay against hunt-
ers, these two savages made common

cause against the inhuman powers of
antiquity.

T) rule again led the way back to the
secret door. Silently they entered
and silently they proceeded down the
dim corridor, taking the opposite di-
rection from that in which they had
previously traversed it. After a while
the Piet stopped and pressed close to
one of the secret doors, bidding Kull
look with him through the hidden
slot.

  ‘ ‘ This opens upon a little-used stair
which leads to a corridor running past
the study-room door.”

  They gazed, and presently, mounting
the stair silently, came a silent shape.

  “Tu! Chief councilor!” exclaimed
Kull. “By night and with bared
dagger! How, what means this,
Brule?”

  “Murder! And foulest treachery!”
hissed Brule. “Nay”—as Kull would
have flung the door aside and leaped
forth—“we are lost if you meet him
here, for more lurk at the foot of those
stairs. Come! ’ ’

  Half running, they darted back
along the passage. Back through the
secret door Brule led, shutting it care-
fully behind them, then across the
chamber to an opening into a room
seldom used. There he swept aside
some tapestries in a dim corner nook
and, drawing Kull with him, stepped
behind them. Minutes dragged. Kull
could hear the breeze in the other
room blowing the window curtains
about, and it seemed to him like the
murmur of ghosts. Then through the
door, stealthily, came Tu, chief coun-
cilor of the king. Evidently he had
come through the study room and,
finding it empty, sought his victim
where he was most likely to be.

  He came with upraised dagger,
walking silently. A moment he halted,
gazing about the apparently empty
room, which was lighted dimly by a
single candle. Then he advanced cau-
tiously, apparently at a loss to under-
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

177

stand the absence of the king. He
stood before the hiding place—and—

   *	‘ Slay! ’ ’ hissed the Piet.

  Kull with a single mighty leap
hurled himself into the room. Tu
spun, but the blinding, tigerish speed
of the attack gave him no chance for
defense or counter-attack. Sword
steel flashed in the dim light and grat-
ed on bone as Tu toppled backward,
Kull’s sword standing out between his
shoulders.

  Kull leaned above him, teeth bared
in the killer’s snarl, heavy brows a-
scowl above eyes that were like the
gray ice of the cold sea. Then he re-
leased the hilt and recoiled, shaken,
dizzy, the hand of death at his spine.

  For as he watched, Tu’s face be-
came strangely dim and unreal; the
features mingled and merged in a
seemingly impossible manner. Then,
like a fading mask of fog, the face
suddenly vanished and in its stead
gaped and leered a monstrous ser-
pent’s head!

  “Valka!” gasped Kull, sweat bead-
ing his forehead, and again: "Val-
ka!”

  Brule leaned forward, face immo-
bile. Yet his glittering eyes mirrored
something of Kull’s horror.

  "Regain your sword, lord king,”
said he. "There are yet deeds to be
done.”

  Hesitantly Kull set his hand to the
hilt. His flesh crawled as he set his
foot upon the terror whieh lay at their
feet, and as some jerk of muscular re-
action caused the frightful mouth to
gape suddenly, he recoiled, weak with
nausea. Then, wrathful at himself,
he plucked forth his sword and gazed
more closely at the nameless thing
that had been known as Tu, chief
councilor. Save for the reptilian
head, the thing was the exact coun-
terpart of a man.

   ‘ ‘ A man with the head of a snake! ’ ’
Kull murmured. "This, then, is a
priest of the serpent god ? ’ ’

  “Aye. Tu sleeps unknowing. These

fiends can take any form they will.
That is, they can, by a magic charm
or the like, fling a web of sorcery
about their faces, as an actor dons a
mask, so that they resemble anyone
they wish to. ’ ’

  “Then the old legends were true,”
mused the king; “the grim old tales
few dare even whisper, lest they die
as blasphemers, are no fantasies. By
Valka, I had thought—I had guessed
—but it seems beyond the bounds of
reality. Ha! The guardsmen outside

the door-”

  “They too are snake-men. Hold!
What would you do?”

  "Slay them!” said Kull between
his teeth,

  “Strike at the skull if at all,” said
Brule. “Eighteen wait without the
door and perhaps a score more in the
corridors. Hark ye, king, Ka-nu
learned of this plot. His spies have
pierced the inmost fastnesses of the
snake priests and they brought hints
of a plot. Long ago he discovered the
secret passageways of the palace, and
at his command I studied the map
thereof and came here by night to aid
you, lest you die as other kings of Va-
lusia have died. I came alone for the
reason that to send more would have
roused suspicion. Many could not
steal into the palace as I did. Some
of the foul conspiracy you have seen.
Snake-men guard your door, and that
one, as Tu, could pass anywhere else
in the palace; in the morning, if the
priests failed, the real guards would
be holding their places again, nothing
knowing, nothing remembering; there
to take the blame if the priests suc-
ceeded. But stay you here while I
dispose of this carrion.”

  So saying, the Piet shouldered the
frightful thing stolidly and vanished
with it through another secret panel.
Kull stood alone, his mind a-whirl.
Neophytes of the mighty serpent, how
many lurked among his cities? How
might he tell the false from the true?
Aye, how many of his trusted coua-
178

WEIRD TALES

cilors, his generals, were men? He
could be eertain—of whom?

f I 'he secret panel swung inward and
   Brule entered.

  "You were swift.”

  "Aye!” The warrior stepped for-
ward, eyeing the floor. “There is
gore upon the rug. See ? ’ ’

  Kull bent forward ; from the corner
of his eye he saw a blur of movement,
a glint of steel. Like a loosened bow
he whipped erect, thrusting upward.
The warrior sagged upon the sword,
his own clattering to the floor. Even
at that instant Kull reflected grimly
that it was appropriate that the trai-
tor should meet his death upon the
sliding, upward thrust used so much
by his race. Then, as Brule slid from
the sword to sprawl motionless on the
floor, the face began to merge and
fade, and as Kull caught his breath,
his hair a-prickle, the human features
vanished and there the jaws of a
great snake gaped hideously, the ter-
rible beady eyes venomous even in
death.

  "He was a snake priest all the
time!” gasped the king. "Valka!
what an elaborate plan to throw me
off my guard! Ka-nu there, is he a
man? Was it Ka-nu to whom I talked
in the gardens? Almighty Valka!”
as his flesh crawled with a horrid
thought; "are the people of Valusia
men or are they all serpents ? ’ ’
Undecided he stood, idly seeing that
the thing named Brule no longer wore
the dragon armlet. A sound made
him wheel.

  Brule was coming through the se-
cret door.

 "Hold!” upon the arm upthrown
to halt the king’s hovering sword
gleamed the dragon armlet. ‘ ‘Valka! ’ ’
The Piet stopped short. Then a grim
smile curled his lips.

  "By the gods of the seas! These de-
mons are craity past reckoning. For
it must be that that one lurked in the
corridors, and seeing me go carrying

the earcass of that other, took my ap-
pearance. So. I have another to do
away with. ’ ’

  “Hold!” there was the menace of
death in Kull’s voice; “I have seen
two men turn to serpents before my
eyes. How may I know if you are a
true man?”

  Brule laughed. “For two reasons,
King Kull. No snake-man wears this”
—he indicated the dragon armlet—
“nor can any say these words,” and
again Kull heard the strange phrase:
“Ka nama km lajerama.”

  “Ka nama km lajeramaKull re-
peated mechanically. ‘ ‘ Now where, in
Valka’s name, have I heard that? I
have not! And yet—and yet-’ ’

  "Aye, you remember, Kull,” said
Brule. “Through the dim corridors of
memory those words lurk; though you
never heard them in this life, yet in
the bygone ages they were so terribly
impressed upon the soul mind that
never dies, that they will always strike
dim chords in your memory, though
you be reincarnated for a million
years to come. For that phrase has
come secretly down the grim and
bloody eons, since when, uncounted
centuries ago, those words were watch-
words for the race of men who bat-
tled with the grisly beings of the El-
der Universe. For none but a real
man of men may speak them, whose
jaws and mouth are shaped different
from any other creature. Their mean-
ing has been forgotten but not the
words themselves.”

  "True,” said Kull. "I remember
the legends—Valka!” He stopped
short, staring, for suddenly, like the
silent swinging wide of a mystic door,
misty, unfathomed reaches opened in
the recesses of his consciousness and
for an instant he seemed to gaze back
through the vastnesses that spanned
life and life; seeing through the
vague and ghostly fogs dim shapes re-
living dead centuries—men in combat
with hideous monsters, vanquishing a
planet of frightful terrors. Against
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

179

a gray, ever-shifting background
moved strange, nightmare forms,
fantasies of lunacy and fear; and
man, the jest of the gods, the blind,
wisdomless striver from dust to dust,
following the long bloody trail of his
destiny, knowing not why, bestial,
blundering, like a great murderous
child, yet feeling somewhere a spark
of divine fire. . . . Kull drew a hand
across his brow, shaken; these sudden
glimpses into the abysses of memory
always startled him.

  “They are gone,” said Brule, as if
scanning his secret mind; “the bird-
women, the harpies, the bat-men, the
flying fiends, the wolf-people, the de-
mons, the goblins—all save such as
this being that lies at our feet, and a
few of the wolf-men. Long and ter-
rible was the war, lasting through the
bloody centuries, since first the first
men, risen from the mire of apedom,
turned upon those who then ruled the
world. And at last mankind con-
quered, so long ago that naught but
dim legends come to us through the
ages. The snake-people were the last
to go, yet at last men conquered even
them and drove them forth into the
waste lands of the world, there to
mate with true snakes until some day,
say the sages, the horrid breed shall
vanish utterly. Yet the Things re-
turned in crafty guise as men grew
soft and degenerate, forgetting an-
cient wars. Ah, that was a grim and
secret war! Among the men of the
Younger Earth stole the frightful
monsters of the Elder Planet, safe-
guarded by their horrid wisdom and
mysticisms, taking all forms and
shapes, doing deeds of horror secretly.
No man knew who was true man and
who false. No man could trust any
man. Yet by means of their own
craft they formed ways by which the
false might be known from the true.
Men took for a sign and a standard
the figure of the flying dragon, the
winged dinosaur, a monster of past
ages, which was the greatest foe of the

serpent. And men used those words
which I spoke to you as a sign and
symbol, for as I said, none but a true
man can repeat them. So mankind
triumphed. Yet again the fiends came
after the years of forgetfulness had
gone by—for man is still an ape in
that he forgets what is not ever before
his eyes. As priests they came; and
for that men in their luxury and
might had by then lost faith in the
old religions and worships, the snake-
men, in the guise of teachers of a new
and truer cult, built a monstrous re-
ligion about the worship of the ser-
pent god. Such is their power that
it is now death to repeat the old leg-
ends of the snake-people, and people
bow again to the serpent god in new
foi’m; and blind fools that they are,
the great hosts of men see no connec-
tion between this power and the
power men overthrew eons ago. As
priests the snake-men are content to
rule—and yet-” He stopped.

  “Go on.” Kull felt an unaccount-
able stirring of the short hair at the
base of his scalp.

  “Kings have reigned as true men
in Valusia,” the Piet whispered, “and
yet, slain in battle, have died serpents
—as died he who fell beneath the
spear of Lion-fang on the red beaches
when we of the isles harried the Seven
Empires. And how can this be, Lord
Kull? These kings were bom of
women and lived as men! This—the
true kings died in secret—as you
would have died tonight—and priests
of the Serpent reigned in their stead,
no man knowing. ”

  Kull cursed between his teeth.
“Aye, it must be. No one has ever
seen a priest of the Serpent and lived,
that is known. They live in utmost
secrecy. ’ ’

  “The statecraft of the Seven Em-
pires is a mazy, monstrous thing,”
said Brule. ‘ * There the true men know
that among them glide the spies of
the serpent, and the men who are the
Serpent’s allies—such as Kaanuub,
180

WEIRD TALES

baron of Blaal—yet no man dares seek
to unmask a suspect lest vengeance
befall him. No man trusts his fellow
and the true statesmen dare not speak
to each other what is in the minds of
all. Could they be sure, could a snake-
man or plot be unmasked before them
all, then would the power of the Ser-
pent be more than half broken; for all
would then ally and make common
cause, sifting out the traitors. Ka-nu
alone is of sufficient shrewdness and
courage to cope with them, and even
Ka-nu learned only enough of their
plot to tell me what would happen—
what has happened up to this time.
Thus far I was prepared; from now
on we must trust to our hick and our
craft. Here and now I think we are
safe; those snake-men without the
door dare not leave their post lest true
men come here unexpectedly. But to-
morrow they will try something else,
you may be sure. Just what they will
do, none can say, not even Ka-nu; but
we must stay at each other’s sides,
King Kull, until we conquer or both
be dead. Now come with me while I
take this carcass to the hiding-place
where I took the other being.”

IT'ull followed the Piet with his
grisly burden through the secret
panel and down the dim corridor.
Their feet, trained to the silence of
the wilderness, made no noise. Like
phantoms they glided through the
ghostly light, Kull wondering that the
corridors should be deserted; at every
turn he expected to run full upon
some frightful apparition. Suspicion
surged back upon him; was this Piet
leading him into ambush? He fell
back a pace or two behind Brule, his
ready sword hovering at the Piet’s
unheeding back. Brule should die
first if he meant treachery. But if the
Piet was aware of the king’s suspi-
cion, he showed no sign. Stolidly he
tramped along, until they came to a
room, dusty and long unused, where
moldy tapestries hung heavy. Brule

drew aside some of these and con-
cealed the corpse behind them.

  Then they turned to retrace their
steps, when suddenly Brule halted
with such abruptness that he was
closer to death than he knew; for
Kull’s nerves were on edge.

  "Something moving in the corri-
dor,” hissed the Piet. "Ka-nu said
these ways would be empty, yet-”

  He drew his sword and stole into
the corridor, Kull following warily.

  A short way down the corridor a
strange, vague glow appeared that
came toward them. Nerves a-leap,
they waited, backs to the corridor
wall; for what they knew not, but
Kull heard Brule’s breath hiss
through his teeth and was reassured
as to Brule’s loyalty.

  The glow merged into a shadowy
form. A shape vaguely like a man it
was, but misty and illusive, like a
wisp of fog, that grew more tangible
as it approached, but never fully ma-
terial. A face looked at them, a pair
of luminous great eyes, that seemed
to hold all the tortures of a million
centuries. There was no menace in
that face, with its dim, worn features,
but only a great pity—and that face
—that face-

  “Almighty gods!” breathed Kull,
an icy hand at his soul; “Eallal, king
of Valusia, who died a thousand years
ago!”

  Brule shrank back as far as he
could, his narrow eyes widened in a
blaze of pure horror, the sword shak-
ing in his grip, unnerved for the first
time that weird night. Erect and de-
fiant stood Kull, instinctively holding
his useless sword at the ready; flesh
a-crawl, hair a-prickle, yet still a king
of kings, as ready to challenge the
powers of the unknown dead as the
powers of the living.

  The phantom came straight on, giv-
ing them no heed; Kull shrank back
as it passed them, feeling an icy
breath like a breeze from the arctic
THE SHADOW KINGDOM

181

snow. Straight on went the shape
with slow, silent footsteps, as if the
chains of all the ages were upon those
vague feet; vanishing about a bend of
the corridor.

  "Valka!” muttered the Piet, wip-
ing the cold beads from his brow;
"that was no man! That was a
ghost! ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Aye! ’ ’ Kull shook his head won-
deringly. "Did you not recognize the
face? That was Eallal, who reigned
in Valusia a thousand years ago and
who was found hideously murdered in
his throneroom—the room now known
as the Accursed Room. Have you not
seen his statue in the Fame Room of
Kings?”

  "Yes, I remember the tale now.
Gods, Kull! that is another sign of
the frightful and foul power of the
snake priests—that king was slain by
snake-pcople and thus his soul became
their slave, to do their bidding
throughout eternity! For the sages
have ever maintained that if a man
is slain by a snake-man his ghost be-
comes their slave.”

  A shudder shook Kull’s gigantic
frame. "Valka! But what a fate!
Hark ye”—his fingers closed upon
Brule’s sinewy arm like steel—"hark
ye! If I am wounded unto death by
these foul monsters, swear that ye will
smite your sword through my breast
lest my soul be enslaved.”

  "I swear,” answered Brule, his
fierce eyes lighting. “And do ye the
same by me, Kull.”

  Their strong right hands met in a
silent sealing of their bloody bargain.

4.	Masks

17" ull sat upon his throne and gazed
broodingly out upon the sea of
faces turned toward him. A courtier
wus speaking in evenly modulated
tones, but the king scarcely heard him.
Close by, Tu, chief councilor, stood'
ready at KulPs command, and each
time the king looked at him, Kull

shuddered inwardly. The surface of
court life was as the unrippled sur-
face of the sea between tide and tide.
To the musing king the affairs of the
night before seemed as a dream, un-
til his eyes dropped to the arm of his
throne. A brown, sinewy hand rested
there, upon the wrist of which
gleamed a dragon armlet; Brule stood
beside his throne and ever the Piet’s
fierce secret whisper brought him
back from the realm of unreality in
which he moved.

  No, that was no dream, that mon-
strous interlude. As he sat upon his
throne in the Hall of Society and
gazed upon the courtiers, the ladies,
the lords, the statesmen, he seemed to
see their faces as things of illusion,
things unreal, existent only as shad-
ows and mockeries of substance. Al-
ways he had seen their faces as masks
but before he had looked on them
with contemptuous tolerance, think-
ing to see beneath the masks shallow,
puny souls, avaricious, lustful, deceit-
ful ; now there was a grim undertone,
a sinister meaning, a vague horror
that lurked beneath the smooth
masks. While he exchanged courtesies
with some nobleman or councilor he
seemed to see the smiling face fade
like smoke and the frightful jaws of a
serpent gaping there. How many of
those he looked upon were horrid, in-
human monsters, plotting his death,
beneath the smooth mesmeric illusion
of a human face?

  Valusia—land of dreams and night-
mares—a kingdom of the shadows,
ruled by phantoms who glided back
and forth behind the painted curtains,
mocking the futile king who sat upon
the throne—himself a shadow.

  And like a comrade shadow Brule
stood by his side, dark eyes glittering
from immobile face. A real man,
Brule! And Kull felt his friendship
for the savage become a thing of real-
ity and sensed that Brule felt a
friendship for him beyond the mere
necessity of statecraft.
182

WEIRD TALES

  And wliat, mused Kull, were the
realities of life? Ambition, power,
pride? The friendship of man, the
love of women—which Kull had never
known—battle, plunder, what? Was
it the real Kull who sat upon the
throne or was it the real Kull who
had sealed the hills of Atlantis, har-
ried the far isles of the sunset, and
laughed upon the green roaring tides
of the Atlantean sea? How could a
man be so many different men in a
lifetime? For Kull knew that there
were many Kulls and he wondered
which was the real Kull. After all,
the priests of the Serpent merely went
a step further in their magic, for all
men wore masks, and many a different
mask with each different man or wom-
an; and Kull wondered if a serpent
did not lurk under every mask.

  So he sat and brooded in strange,
mazy thought ways, and the courtiers
came and went and the minor affairs
of the day were completed, until at
last the king and Brule sat alone in
the Hall of Society save for the
drowsy attendants.

  Kull felt a weariness. Neither he
nor Brule had slept the night before,
nor had Kull slept the night before
that, when in the gardens of Ka-nu
he had had his first hint of the weird
things to be. Last night nothing fur-
ther had occurred after they had re-
turned to the study room from the se-
cret corridors, but they had neither
dared nor cared to sleep. Kull, with
the incredible vitality of a wolf, had
aforetime gone for days upon days
without sleep, in his wild savage days,
but now his mind was edged from con-
stant thinking and from the nerve-
breaking eeriness of the past night.
He needed sleep, but sleep was fur-
thest from his mind.

  And he would not have dared sleep
if he had thought of it. Another thing
that had shaken him was the fact that
though he and Brule had kept a close
watch to see if, or when, the study-
room guard was changed, yet it was

changed without their knowledge; for
the next morning those who stood on
guard were able to repeat the magic
words of Brule, but they remembered
nothing out of the ordinary. They
thought that they had stood at guard
all night, as usual, and Kull said noth-
ing to the contrary. He believed them
true men, but Brule had advised ab-
solute secrecy, and Kull also thought
it best.

  Now Brule leaned over the throne,
lowering his voice so not even a lazy
attendant could hear: “They will
strike soon, I think, Kull. A while
ago Ka-nu gave me a secret sign. The
priests know that we know of their
plot, of course, but they know not how
much we know. We must be ready
for any sort of action. Ka-nu and the
Pictish chiefs will remain within hail-
ing distance now until this is settled
one way or another. Ha, Kull, if it
comes to a pitched battle, the streets
and the castles ’of Valusia will run
red!”

 Kull smiled grimly. He would
greet any sort of action with a fero-
cious joy. This wandering hi a laby-
rinth of illusion and magic was ex-
tremely irksome to his nature. He
longed for the leap and clang of
swords, for the joyous freedom of
battle.

  Then into the Hall of Society came
Tu again, and the rest of the coun-
cilors.

  “Lord king, the hour of the council
is at hand and we stand ready to es-
cort you to the council room.”

XT' ull rose, and the councilors bent
the knee as he passed through
the way opened by them for his pas-
sage, rising behind him and following.
Eyebrows were raised as the Piet
strode defiantly behind the king, but
no one dissented. Brule’s challenging
gaze swept the smooth faces of the
councilors with the defiance of an in-
truding savage.

The group passed through the halls
(Continued on page 284)
 SPEARE^
 LEOPAR

BY J€HB9 HOR

                       “With a noise between a cougii and a snarl the
                       leopard collapsed.’'

BRUCE FALKNER of the K.
A. R. surveyed a group engaged
in the sundown occupation of
talk with drinks at the end of the club
veranda. There was no mistaking the
broad back of the district police com-
missioner—known to his intimates as
"the Policeman”—flanked, as usual,
by the rotund figure of "Fatty” Gor-
don, and the thin one of the airman.
A trio of unfailing gayety, but to-
night there was something repellent
about the East Coast and all its
works, and of course they would talk
of nothing else. Falkner was about to
pass on, but already they had seen
him; or, to be precise, Gordon had.

   ‘ ‘ Hullo, Bruce, ’ ’ he called; * ‘ you ’re
the very man we want.”

  Falkner hesitated. To anyone else
he would have made an excuse, but he
liked Gordon, who in spite of his bulk
was a good sportsman and very effi-
cient at his job, which job was
"cloves.” Besides, Gordon had
worked with G. P.

  "Come on,” insisted the others;
"we won’t talk shop.”

  Falkner smiled unbelievingly, but
moved toward them. "If that’s a
promise,” he said, “I’ll bet drinks all
round that it will be broken within
the next ten minutes.”

  “ As a matter of fact, we were right

                                   183
184

WEIRD TALES

away from Africa,'’ remarked the air-
man. "Fatty tried to start about his
precious island, but we sat on him
mercilessly. ’ ’

  "What do you think they wanted
to talk about?” asked Gordon in an
aggrieved tone.

  "No idea,” said Falkner.

  “A rotten film our highbrow air-
man dragged me to in London when
we were on leave. He’s mad about it.
Wild animals in Burma or Siam, with
a few natives running about—the
whole thing faked, of course.”

  ‘ * Pay no attention to him, ’ ’ laughed
the airman. "It’s a unique film, and
a perfectly straight one, with wonder-
ful pictures of monkeys and bears and
tigers, not to speak of a herd of ele-
phants.”

 "It sounds good enough,” said
Falkner, "but to tell you the truth,
when one has lived among wild an-
imals as much as I have, they never
seem quite right on the screen.”
Gordon burst out laughing: "You
infernal old big game hunter! Never
content away from your beastly jun-
gle! Now, what interested me-”

  "You couldn’t have been inter-
ested,” interrupted the Policeman;
"there were no pictures of Pemba.”
But Gordon was not to be drawn.
"What interested me,” he went on,
‘ ‘ was the leopard. ’ ’

  Falkner looked at him curiously.
"Why the leopard?” he asked..

  ‘ ‘ I don’t know exactly, ’ ’ Gordon re-
plied. "There was only one picture
of it padding through the long grass,
but it made me feel uncomfortable—
reminded me of the tales G. P. used to
tell. He was with me in Pemba, you
know—agent for Binney & Pomace,
the Eastern trading people.”

  "There he goes again,” exclaimed
the airman in jubilation. "Arrant
shop—and within three minutes;
that’s three and a third drinks!”

  "I only saw G. P. once,” said the
Policeman when the laughter had sub-
sided, "and he seemed a very intel-
ligent sort of fellow.”

  Gordon nodded. "Intelligent! I
should think he was!—but the wrong
kind of intelligence. I lived in the
same bungalow with him, so I ought
to know. He frightened me some-
times. ’ ’

  "Poor old Fatty!” said the air-
man. ‘ ‘ What did he do ? ”

  ‘ ‘ Things you ’11 never do if you live
to be a thousand,” retorted Gordon.
"In the first place he could drink a
bottle of whisky most nights, and
wake up in the morning as fresh as a
daisy. I can see him now, standing
outside my mosquito-net at the first
streak of dawn and puffing away at
his pipe with the face of a cherub,
while I felt like nothing on earth.”

  "Morning in Pemba!” announced
the irrepressible airman, but Falkner
remained serious. "What frightened
you ? ” he asked.

  Gordon finished his drink, and
when he spoke there was a change in
his manner. " It’s hard to explain, ’ ’
he said. "For one thing, although
G. P. was very young—barely twenty-
four, I think—and had only been
three years in the country, he seemed
to have forgotten that England ever
existed, just like those queer old-
stagers one hears about. He was a
bit of a poet, too, with a way of
describing things that held me spell-
bound. Nothing very hair-raising
about that, you ’11 say, but it was only
the beginning. He got very keen about
studying the natives. Those were his
good days. With the whisky bottle
beside him, and his eyes shining
through the smoke of his old Dunhili,
he would talk for hours about the dif-
ferent tribes and their languages—
most of which he spoke fluently—and
their customs and witchcraft and
medicine men; and as to juju, there
was nothing in the whole outfit he
didn’t know. Then there was his habit
of going away for days at a time—
disappearing clean off the map, no-
body knew where—and returning
without a word of explanation. Once
he stayed away a week, and came
THE SPEARED LEOPARD

185

back absolutely exhausted. ‘Thank
goodness, I’ve got it to work at last!’
was his only remark. And when I
asked what he meant, he replied, ‘ The
charm of invisibility, old man. It
takes it out of you. ’ ’ ’

  “Invisibility!” echoed the airman,

‘ ‘ What nonsense! ’ ’

  Gordon nodded. “That’s what I
tried to think, but G. P. wouldn’t let
me. He explained how he had made
friends with a witch doctor—done him
a good turn of some sort—and out of
gratitude the fellow had been teach-
ing him magic for months, increasing
the dose till at last he knew how to
make people believe they could not see
him. Of course the natives do per-
form tricks of that sort, but G. P. de-
clared that he had actually been able
to attend a meeting of the most secret
of their sects, where discovery would
have meant certain death. It may be
all nonsense, but it got on my nerves. ”

  ‘ ‘ Did you ever see him make use of
the magic he had learned?” asked
Falkner.

  “ Only once, to my knowledge. We
had been discussing the native method
of hypnotism, and G. P. declared he
could put a man into a trance as well
as any of them. According to him,
it was easily done with such weak-
minded people. I pointed to a coolie,
and he looked at him and began to
concentrate, or whatever one calls it.
Well, at first nothing happened, but
after a few minutes the man suddenly
flopped down and went fast asleep.
Nothing I could think of would wake
him, and G. P. refused to give the
show away by doing so himself. ‘Leave
it to the natives,’ he said. So they
fetched the women, and one of them
covered the man’s face with some
white paste, and spat on his eyes till
he came to.”

  “I’ve seen that,” said the Police-
man. “At Tabora one of my men
went into a trance. The others said
he was bewitched, and brought cer-
tain women who treated him in ex-
actly the same way. It’s curious

what an important part the women
seem to play.”

  The airman chuckled. “That fact
isn’t confined to African tribes. Why,

in India I knew a woman-”

  “Oh, shut up!” protested Gordon.
“We’ve heal’d about her before. This
is a different kind of tale. . . . Well,
I was going to say that the only
people G. P. seemed to fear were these
witch women. He declared they used
magic far beyond his knowledge and
that some of them possessed the rare
power of dual personality. ’ ’

  “The greatest of all their secrets,”
said the Policeman with growing in-
terest, while even the airman grew
grave.

  “What is dual personality?” he
asked.

  Gordon hesitated. He did not care
about theories, and felt that the dis-
cussion was getting beyond his depth.
“I was never very clear about it,” he
said at last. G. P. used to talk by the
hour, but he got so excited that I
could hardly follow him. It appears,
however, that some natives—especial-
ly the women I just mentioned—can
turn themselves into animals. They
take the form of a leopard for choice,
and do a lot of damage among the
livestock of neighboring tribes. Some-
times they even kill men, but more
often women, though I don’t know
why that should be. ’ ’

  “I think I do,” said the Policeman.
“You see, the women continually go
into the jungle or to the river to fetch
wood and water. ’ ’

  “That’s true enough,” agreed Gor-
don, “but the curious part is that
when the leopard has finished lulling
goats or people or whatever its victims
may be, it becomes a woman again
and returns innocently to the village. ’ ’
This statement Avas too much for
the airman’s composure. “Cut it out,
boy,” he ordered derisively. “We’re
not in the dark ages—even on the East
Coast — and anyhow, these extraor-
dinary tales never seem to get beyond
hearsay. Now, I want to see.”
186

WEIRD TALES

  The Policeman raised his hand in
protest. "Yon’11 never do that up in
the clouds,” he declared. "In Africa
you must walk on your fiat feet if you
want to see. Go on, Gordon. ”
"There’s nothing more to tell,”
said Gordon, “but you must see that
the whole thing got on my nerves. If
not, try a few months in Pemba with
a man who practises magic all day
and drinks whisky all night. The
marvel was that in spite of every-
thing G. P. never neglected his firm’s
business. I’ll give him full marks for
that, though in other respects things
were growing worse when I came
away. His one idea was to find a
leopard woman and learn her secret,
and he talked of Nagomba. in the wild
country this side of Tanganyika, as
the place to try. If ever he gets there
you’ll hear something sensational. By
the way, does anybody know where
G. P. is now?”

  During the discussion Falkner
had remained silent. Magic! Witch-
craft! In the tropics the border-line
between reality and fantasy grew
blurred more easily than most people
cared to admit, and it was a bad busi-
ness when a white man crossed it. He
drew a bundle of letters from his
pocket. Possibly their contents had
been meant for him alone, but to re-
veal them might save other adventur-
ers from disaster.

  "I can enlighten you as to G. P’s
whereabouts.” he said quietly. "At
the present moment he is on his way
to England.”

  "Home!” exclaimed Gordon in sur-
prize. "That’s news. I didn’t know
you had met G. P.”

  “I’ve known him since he was a
boy,” replied Falkner. “You men-
tioned Nagomba just now. Well, he
wrote these letters from there. I’ll
read them if you like. As to being
sensational, you must judge for your-
selves, but they certainly carry on
Gordon’s story.”

  There was a murmur of assent, and
Falkner unfolded the letters-. “They

start on June 30th,” he said, "and fol-
low each other like a diary:

“ yVEAR bruce—This is a God-for-
saken place; in other words, I
am the only white man within a hun-
dred miles—and my supply of whisky
has gone astray in the jungle. Pambu
is with me. He’s my boy, a wonder-
ful factotum and absolutely devoted.
You will wonder why on earth the
firm sent me here, but as a matter of
fact they didn’t. I came on my own,
for reasons — tremendous reasons —
that the firm will certainly fail to
understand. Gordon used to think me
mad in Pemba, though he was too de-
cent to say so. I wonder what he
would think now ? Leave is due in a
month, but I doubt if I’ll take it.

  “P. S. The whisky has turned up.

  “July 1st. Letters are a rotten
means of communicating one’s ideas,
but I want you to have these, in case
I don’t come back. For one reason,
though, I am glad to write. You and
Gordon can not try to dissuade me, as
you would do if you were on the spot,
for I’m determined to discover the
truth about this dual personality—
zoomorphism is its highbrow name—
the power of a human being to take
the form of an animal and return to
human form. I’ve mastered much of
their infernal juju, but this is a mys-
tery unfathomed by any white man.
Think of what it means—for I’m con-
vinced that it exists—the power of
living the life of the jungle, of shar-
ing its joys and dangers. Why, it’s
simply evolution, backward and then
forward, doing in an instant what
Darwin imagined to need millions of
years. Can’t you see the fascination
of the problem—to know whether an
animal can have a human mind—
whether memories can come back from
the other state?

  “There are gruesome rumors, of
course. One makes it essential to
bring a still-born child to life, and
when it opens its mouth, bite off its
tongue. There’s black magic for you!
THE SPEARED LEOPARD

187

But I do know that women are the
greatest adepts. They are called leop-
ard women, because that is the form
they generally take, but nobody knows
who they are; in fact, it is taboo even
to discuss the matter.

  ‘ ‘ Pambu has just informed me that
the Nagos are cannibals, periodically,
you understand. He also said that
there had been no victim for a long
time, so I hope they won’t take a sud-
den liking to me! Thank goodness, I
can depend on Pambu if there is
trouble.

  “ July 10th. There is an important
juju house here, or rather it’s a com-
pound surrounded by a thorn hedge,
with a sacred tree and a big hut in
the center. None of the Nagos dare
approach the place, except to bring
gifts to the spirits who are supposed
to inhabit the hut, guarded by a hid-
eous old witch doctor and a priestess.

  "Wandering outside the compound,
I managed to catch sight of the lady
as she took in some offerings. She’s
young, taller than most of the women,
with regular features—rather of the
Arab type—and wonderful gray eyes
tinged with yellow. I’ve never seen a
native—or European for that matter
—with such eyes. In a moment she
was gone, leaving me with a sense of
attraction, not physical, but some-
thing I can’t describe.

  “Though the place often seems de-
serted, the witch doctor is always on
the watch. He’s the most malevolent-
looking creature you can imagine, and
very wide awake, but I shall find a
way to speak to the priestess, what-
ever the risk. Good old Pambu! His
announcement of the whisky’s arrival
has given me a brain wave. Tomor-
row an offering of spirits goes to the
spirit of the juju house, and then, un-
less I’m much mistaken, things will
begin to happen.

  “July 12th. I can hardly believe
my luck. She is sitting in my hut,
weaving flowers into her fuzzy hair
and watching intently while I write.
Her name is Ulana, which means ‘the

greatest witch’, so it really looks as if
I were on the right track at last.
This is how it happened: With a bottle
of whisky under my arm, I went to
the sacred compound and struck the
drum hanging at the entrance. Of
course the chances were against
Ulana’s appearing alone, but she did,
and—curiously enough—my presence
seemed to cause her no surprize. For
a moment her gaze pierced me through
and through as if searching for some-
thing. then she asked very quietly
what it was I needed. ‘Knowledge,’
I replied. ‘ I have traveled many days
to seek you out. ’

  “ ‘The white man wishes to learn
of my wisdom?’ she said. ‘It is well,
but not here. When night falls I will
come. ’

  "The eagerness of her consent
didn’t exactly please me. After all,
she is high priestess in a cannibal vil-
lage, and one never knows what
treachery may be afoot; so I tried to
explain that there would probably be
trouble if she were seen going to my
hut. At that she grew thoughtful and
whispered, pointing in the direction
of the juju house, ‘All others I can
make blind, but against M’Kulu no
charms avail.’

  "I guessed that M’Kulu must be
her hideous opposite number, and took
my opportunity at a run, with a bless-
ing for the man who invented whisky.
‘Make M’Kulu drink this,’ I said,
holding up the bottle, ‘and for many
hours he also will see nothing. ’ Once
more her eyes met mine, and the gold
in them danced as she turned away.

  "Of course I realize that for a sol-
itary white man to stand up against
a cannibal witch doctor is a risky
business, but so far everything has
worked according to plan, and
M’Kulu is blind to the world tonight,
while Ulana sits here, never speak-
ing and never taking her eyes off
me. Being watched is usually an un-
pleasant sensation, but now I find it
wonderfully soothing. And there is
something else—I never saw her come
188

WEIRD TALES

into the hut. Believe it or not, she
made herself invisible to me. It’s all
the more strange, because at that mo-
ment I happened to be extra wide
awake, with a feeling as if some wild
animal were prowling round the hut
—and then, suddenly, she was there.
It’s the brink of knowledge. The
question is, shall I have the courage to
go on?

  “July 18th. Her eyes fascinate me.
Their yellow glint is like powdered
gold falling through water. In bright
light the iris dwindles to a pinpoint—
like a cat’s—and the smaller it is the
more it holds me. After the first visit
she kept away for days, but she’s here
again this evening, and I know now
that she has the power of zoo-
morphism.

  “I’ll tell you what happened. This
morning the headman asked me to go
out the next night of full moon after
a leopard that has been causing
trouble. It has carried off several
goats and killed a girl at the edge of
the jungle, and the people are panic-
stricken, declaring it to be a leopard
woman. You can imagine my feelings
at that bit of news! Of course I ac-
cepted—it would have been impossible
to do otherwise—though even then I
didn’t like the idea of shooting the
leopard.

  “The headman said that after
watching for two nights in a tree, he
had speared the beast, but the grass
was very long and it got away with
his spearhead in its left shoulder. Well,
just now I was thinking drowsily
about all these things and watching
Ulana curled up at my feet, when
suddenly something roused me into
full consciousness. She had come in a
sort of mantle of brightly colored
grass cloth, which intrigued me be-
cause native women don’t wear such
things, and as I stared at it the mantle
slipped down, showing a great wound,
still fresh and bleeding, behind her
left shoulder. For a moment I was
too much surprized to think; then the
headman’s story — the tales I had

heard of leopard women—my own
suspicions about Ulana—came rush-
ing to my brain, filling the blanks like
the last pieces of a jig-saw puzzle.

‘ ‘ Instinctively I made myself devil’s
advocate, trying to use every argu-
ment against my own conviction.
After all, the wound might be a knife
wound. A priestess must certainly
have enemies, or M’Kulu himself
might have attacked her in a fit of
jealousy. But no arguments would
hold; this was a spear wound if ever
there was one—a fresh spear wound
in the left shoulder—and the leopard
had been wounded in the left shoulder
—and escaped!”

  “ ‘Ulana!’ I cried, catching her by
the arm, ‘ how did this happen ? ’

  “She drew away and covered her
shoulder, but I had seen enough. . . .
I knew now. ‘A thief came in the
night,’ she answered. ‘His knife was
sharp. ’

  “ ‘A thief’s knife?’ I said. ‘Say
rather the headman’s spear. Where
were you two nights since, 0 Ulana?’
My idea was to show that I had
guessed her secret, but the question
was useless, for she only smiled with
her eyes fixed on mine.

  “I don’t know how long we had
been looking at each other in silence—
it seemed an eternity—when suddenly
a deep-toned drum began to beat in
the distance, and Ulana sprang to her
feet in terror. ‘The temple drum!’
she whispered. ‘M’Kulu seeks me in
vain. ... In the forest ... I will
come. ’ And before I could speak she
was gone.”

Falkner paused for a moment and
looked up. The expression on the
faces round him showed neither con-
viction nor disbelief, but rather an ex-
pectant tolerance of the adventure of
6. P. and his leopard woman. In
Europe these would be considered the
fantastic product of a mind unbal-
anced by climate, drink, and over-
study of the occult—with stress upon
the second reason—but in Africa
THE SPEARED LEOPARD

189

people learn to respect what they can
not understand, and so three English-
men sat silent while Falkner took up
the last of the letters.

  “This one has no date,” he said,
“but it was written the evening be-
fore I reached Nagomba, that is to say
on the 26th of July.”

  “The 26th!” exclaimed the air-
man. “Why, I flew over the place
that very afternoon, a good deal lower
than was safe, too, with nowhere to
land within fifty miles. There was a
great fuss going on, one of those big
ceremonial dances — yoii know the
kind of thing—an endless chain of
men painted white and women with
grass kilts like ballet skirts, twisting
and turning in a mad sort of follow-
the-leader. You must have been quite
near.”

  “I wasn’t far away,” said Falk-
ner, “fortunately . . . but you’ll
hear about that presently. First listen
to G. P’s letter.”

  He resumed l'eading:

  “I’m making an effort to put every-
thing on paper before—well, while I
can. Last night was full moon, and
I went into the forest with the head-
man and several others—and of course
Pambu. As we left, the big drum in
the juju compound began to boom
slowly, just as it did on the night
when Ulana was here—just as it is
doing now. Will nothing stop the
cursed thing? I think I’ll go mad
with its measured thud hammering
into my brain. Mad! Why don’t
they try that drum in America? It
would be a splendid idea for the third
degree. . . .

  “We went on and on—I don’t know
how far — till at last the headman
stopped at the edge of a curved open
space surrounded by dense under-
growth, and helped me up into the
last tree of a group that stuck out
from the rest like a cape. There was
a platform among the branches, just
big enough for me and my rifle, and
so placed that it lay in shadow with
bright moonlight on three sides. I

wanted to keep Pambu, but the head-
man said it was the custom to watch
alone, so I didn’t insist. Then they
all went away, leaving me with only
the faint drum beats—you know what
a distance they carry—for company.

  “Suddenly the drum beats stopped.
At first the silence seemed a relief,
like a weight lifted from my brain,
but soon I began to realize that silence
in the jungle is far worse than any
drumming. Of course I had read
about it and been told how awful it
was, but no description could come
anywhere near the horror of reality,
with its dead emptiness working on
every nerve. Through what seemed
ages of torture my only thought was
of Ulana. Would she come, as she
had promised? Would a leopard
come—a leopard with a spear wound
in its shoulder? In spite of all that
had happened, the thing seemed in-
credible, yet something told me that
it was true and that my own strength
of mind—my absolute belief—must
prove it.

  “With throbbing brain I watched
the moon move slowly across the open
glade, touching new places with
shafts of light that pierced the wall
of foliage till at last, from a spot of
darkness no moonbeam could pen-
etrate, two eyes like great burning
opals looked out. Mechanically I
grasped my rifle, and as I did so the
brightness of the eyes faded and a
big leopard moved into the open.

  “After that things happened so
quickly that much is blotted out of
my memory. I remember standing on
the ground beneath the tree while the
leopard came nearer and nearer,
watching me with its yellow eyes—
Ulana’s eyes. I hadn’t got my rifle
—it must have been left in the tree—
and somehow I didn’t care. It was as
if my mind had ceased to work, leav-
ing my body incapable of movement
or fear or any sensation. But when
the beast was almost within reach, an
irresistible impulse arose in me to feel
its shoulder for the spear wound and
190

WEIRD TALES

prove that Ulana had kept her word.
For of course the leopard was Ulana.
How, otherwise, could I be standing
there unharmed? To need further
proof seemed shameful, but I simply
had to do it—want of faith—the old
story. And now the game’s up—for
my hands were stretched out and had
almost touched the silky coat, when
suddenly M’Kulu ran out of the un-
dergrowth and stood with his hunting-
spear poised to throw.

  "Like a fool I raised my arm to
stop him, thinking that he wanted to
save me from the leopard, but I paid
the price of my foolishness, for in a
second the shining spearhead had
made a silver streak against the black
wall of trees and buried itself in my
side, while the shaft quivered and
then dropped, tearing the twisted
barbs upward in a great gash—like
the one on Ulana’s shoulder—like—
well, it’s no good worrying—I ’11 never
know now. Perhaps—if I had kept
my rifle—but, as a matter of fact I
would never have used it, for at the
very moment the spear struck me the
leopard sprang at M’Kulu, and his
scream of terror rang in my ears as I
fainted.

  “I’m not delirious, but everything
is all muzzy—from my wound, I sup-
pose. Oh, hell take that drum—and
the stamping of the dancers! They
have been at it all the afternoon, com-
ing closer each time they pass round
the hut. I know what that means—
you’ll never get this letter—but I
must go on with it all the same.

  "Pambu has disappeared. I haven’t
seen him for hours. Goodness knows
how he got me back here, but he did,
for when I woke up he was squatting
by my bed. And now even he is gone
—a rotten show, for I trusted Pambu.
Perhaps they’ve done him in, as a
sort of hors d’oeuvre—pleasant idea!

  "Something keeps prowling about
outside. It makes no sound, but I
know it’s there. Bruce, old man, this
is the end. When the thing comes I’m
going to write down-”

Falkner folded up the letters and
replaced them in his pocket.
"That’s the end,” he said, "so far as
G. P.’s story is concerned. Now for
mine.

  "Pambu reached my camp on the
evening of the 26th, in a state of ab-
ject fear, jabbering away incoherent-
ly, and, I think, on purpose, for as
soon as my Nayassas and Wanyam-
wesis had been sent out of earshot, he
suddenly calmed down and said that
the Nagos were going to kill his mas-
ter next morning. Then he shut up
like an oyster, and neither threats nor
promises could get another word out
of him. Poor Pambu! As it turned
out, he had good reason to be afraid,
but I only realized that to reach G. P.
in time I must be quick.

  “Twelve miles through jungle at
night takes some going, but just be-
fore dawn we were outside the village.
For nearly two hours the drum had
been throbbing in the distance, and I
agree with every word G. P. says
about it. That particular beat, I dis-
covered afterward, is only used on
occasions of human sacrifice, but even
without that knowledge its effect on
my nerves in the hot darkness was de-
cidedly unpleasant.

  “The huts at the edge of the jun-
gle appeared to be deserted, and, fear-
ing the worst, we hurried on to the
big open space in the center of the
village, where a silent crowd—the
same white-painted man and grass-
skirted woman the airman told us
about just now, with the addition of
a group of witch doctors with hideous
masks—squatted on the ground with
their backs to us, glistening like silver
in the twilight. Beyond them a semi-
circle remained empty in front of one
of the huts, to which Pambu, who had
never left my side for an instant,
pointed excitedly. I didn’t need to be
told that the hut was G. P.’s, and
from the appearance of the erowd he
was probably still inside it.

  "The next few seconds were like a
football scrum. I had just given the
THE SPEARED LEOPARD

191

order to get round and occupy the
hut from behind, when the sun rose,
and with it every man in Nagomba.
Brandishing their spears the white-
painted warriors rushed forward,
while the witch doctors yelled like
fury to the accompaniment of drum-
ming that had doubled time at the
same moment.

  "To try and reach the back of the
hut now seemed hopeless, so we
charged with the rest, and—though it
may sound incredible—they were so
intent upon the business in hand that
we were in the front line before they
noticed us. And then it didn’t matter,
for suddenly the whole crowd stopped
dead, and a drawn-out gasp rose from
its ranks as a leopard stalked slowly
out of the hut and stood facing us.

  "I was as much taken aback as
anyone, though in my casd fear for
G. P. soon swamped every other
thought, while the witch doctors must
have raged at the probable loss of
their victim. However that may be, a
shower of spears were on their way
when I fired, but luckily my bullet
got there first—through the neck and
lung—a dead shot. With a noise be-
tween a cough and a snarl the leopard
collapsed, lay absolutely still for per-
haps ten seconds and then, to my in-
tense amazement, rose with a supreme
effort and disappeared in the door-
way of the hut. Ordering my askaris
to keep the crowd back at all costs, I
dashed after it, expecting—goodness
knows what I expected, but it certain-
ly was not the sight that met my eyes.

  "G. P. sprawled on a camp bed
against the further wall, and,
stretched on the floor beside him, head
between paws like a great dog guard-
ing its master, lay the leopard. So
extraordinary was its position that I
moved forward with caution, but it
was dead right enough. At first I
thought G. P. must be dead too, but
found to my relief that he was breath-
ing very faintly, with the sweat roil-
ing off him as it does when fever is

going down. There was a horrible
wound in his side, so inflamed that
poison seemed the only explanation;
anyhow it sent me back to the door-
way, shouting for my medicine chest.

  "Then came the second shock of
that eventful morning. With the ex-
ception of my men not a soul was to
be seen. The crowd had vanished and
the drum had ceased beating, leaving
the place deserted and silent, with
something in its steamy emptiness that
made me want to get out of it quick.

  "An askari came with my things,
and as he put them on G. P. ’s table I
caught sight of the letters. You’ve
heard what he wrote, so you can
imagine my feelings, with him lying
there unconscious, and his leopard—
or was it his leopard woman ?—taking
her last guard at his feet. The whole
thing seemed a mad brainstorm, and
yet-

  "Pulling myself together, I bent
down and felt the animal’s left shoul-
der, and there was a wound, a long
jagged gash—healed over, but other-
wise exactly as G. P. had seen it on
Ulana’s shoulder. It may sound ab-
surd, but it was all I could do to con-
quer the fear creeping over me—fear
of the place, of the silence, of dabbling
in things white men should let alone.
Action was the only remedy, and I
clung to that like a drowning man.

  "I sent for the headman and told
him that he must produce M’Kulu.
dead or alive. He said nothing, but
led the way into the forest, with four
of my men round him to see that there
was no hanky-panky.

  "After about two miles we came to
the open glade, which I recognized at
once from G. P.’s description. His
rifle and cartridges were still on the
platform in the tree, and when I had
taken them the headman pointed to
the half-devoured remains of a hid-
eous old black lying at the edge of
the scrub. ‘M’Kulu,’ he said, and I
knew that he spoke the truth.

  " ‘And Ulana?’ I asked.
192

WEIRD TALES

  “Instantly every vestige of expres-
sion left the headman’s face.
‘Ulana?’ he repeated, staring at me
stonily. ‘Ulana died . . . today . . .
at sunrise. ’

  “The words were spoken deliber-
ately, without the least feeling, but
their effect upon me was to revive
every doubt I had tried to stifle. You
see, I killed the leopard at sunrise—
and G. P.’s letters lay fresh in my
pocket. Coincidence, of course, but
mighty strange coincidence. For a
moment I wanted to question further
—to try and convince myself that the
man was lying—but what was the
vise? The curtain separating black
from white would only become more
impenetrable than ever. No, I had
to realize that my years of experience
led no farther than G. P.’s daring,
and that the mystery of the leopard
woman must remain—for somebody
else to fathom.

  "The askaris could not understand
why I refused to let them skin the
leopard for me, and I don’t blame
them, for it was a perfect specimen
and beautifully marked; anyhow, we
left it where it lay.

  "An hour later I got G. P. away in
a litter—he was still unconscious—
and had just reached the jungle when
■that damned drum started beating
again, with frantic yells and shouting
from the juju compound. Only then
I noticed that Pambu was missing,
and at once guessed what must have
happened. It was a rotten situation.
I knew that to go into the village a
second time with my tiny force and
G. P. on my hands would have been
madness, and besides, it was too late

  to save the victim. The only thing
was to carry on, which I did.

 "Of course nothing was ever
proved, but from evidence that
reached me afterward, I’m sure the
Nagos did get Pambu—spirited him
away somehow during my absence
with the headman. It’s curious that
I never missed him, nor could any of
my men remember when he had last
been seen. Poor wretch! He saved
G. P.’s life and paid for it with his
own.”

heak thing, ’’ said the Policeman,
after a pause. "Home is the
only cure for a case like that—a long
spell of home. I suppose he didn’t
tell you what came into the hut—
after he had stopped writing?”

  "No,” replied Falkner. "He asked
if I got the letters, and in his state of
weakness I thought it best not to ques-
tion further. By the way, there was
no poison in his wound, and I think
I know the reason. You see, poisoned
meat would have been no good to the
Nagos.”

  The Policeman nodded. "Every-
thing seems to have worked to save
G. P. ’s life. Lucky devil! ’ ’

  "Yes—if he keeps off juju,” said
Gordon. "It’s an extraordinary ad-
venture, though to my mind the
evidence about the leopard woman
seems far from conclusive. ’ ’

  For a moment there was silence.
Then the man who flies above jungles
—and juju—broke it.

  "You amaze me, Fatty,” he re-
marked profoundly. "Haven’t you
learned that in Africa nothing is eon-
elusive ? What about another drink ? ’ ’
Denon Doom °f (TYecf6 Sea

  ly BASSfcTT- HORGAfJ.

THE cruise upon which the
schooner Annie Laurie had em-
barked, a business of cloaking
the rape of sanctified shrines under
guise of procuring new materials for
The manufacture of "Brigham’s Beau-
tiful Boots,” had begun in the bath
house of a Sourabaya hotel. A blink-
ing toad squatted in one corner watch-
ing a fat white man stand in a tub
and pour water over his paunch with
an iron dipper, which is the method
of bathing for white men in Soura-
baya.

  Captain McTeague, accustomed to
the nonchalance of the tropic bom
and exiled toward nudity, was whis-
tling cheerily when he sought a bath,
and plunged in and out of that oc-
cupied hut, pursued by the clanking
iron dipper and searing curses de-
scriptive of his intrusion, ancestry
and future. Later, apologetic, he met
and talked with the clot lied bather,
learned that Brigham of Bristol want-
ed to hire a schooner and crew to ob-
tain the skins of crocodile, cobra, and
any other unusual hide that might be
made into footgear for women. He
wondered if tanned skin of natives
would turn out well until Captain Mc-
Teague suggested his own hide as a
fitting experiment—after which the
shrine business cropped up casually
because Captain McTeague suspected
it from the first. For one thing, he
had heard of Brigham of Bristol
W. T.—2

     “His senses reeled, when
     the ape dropped him.”

thieving sacred relics and misusing
natives. In the Orient, news travels
as magic works, without sight or
sound or seeming reasonableness. It
is whispered in bazars, purred in little
jungle drum-voices, inscribed by
brush ideograms and carved by crafts-
men on objects of virtue as well as
bargains of tourist trade. It is very
difficult to escape the mute patient
pursuance of vengeance which is ear-
nestly laid on the laps of gods of the
East.

Captain McTeague did not car
greatly that Brigham of Bristol mif

                                   193
194

WEIRD TALES

took him for a fool. The man was
rich and generous. He had reason to
be free with money, and at present
the Annie Laurie was idle. The bar-
gain was struck, Brigham installed
with two beach-comber acquaintances
who had an Oxford education and
a large thirst and were diplomatic
enough to flatter the shoe merchant to
their personal aggrandizement, and
the Annie Laurie steamed out with
her deck cluttered with live pigs in
wicker hampers, and a crew of brown
men of much the same silent inscru-
tability of countenance but vastly dif-
fering ideas of personal adornment.

  Two things happened quickly.
Young Dr. Tai Hoong, for whom Cap-
tain McTeague had vast respect and
a speaking acquaintance, had been
hired by Brigham, and looked after
his health with solicitude deserving a
more worthy object. Captain Mc-
Teague was surprized that Tai Hoong
accepted Brigham’s wages. Certainly
he did not need money. He was re-
garded with respect by Chinese sa-
vants and educators, with awe by the
rest of his world. It was only after
thought given to the matter that Cap-
tain McTeague connected the presence
of Tai Hoong with Brigham’s vague
mention of a shrine of N’Yeng Sen
and a string of jade bells. The Annie
Laurie was not a half-day out when
Tai Hoong busied himself at the crate
of wicker-encased pigs, seeking for one
whose squeal never ceased. Captain
McTeague looked curiously on as a
noted Chinese savant set the broken
leg of a young porker that had been
injured in packing and was destined
anyway to be served on the mess
table.

  “So that’s the sort of man you
are,” said Captain McTeague heart-
ily, and Dr. Tai Hoong’s smile was
rarely pleasant at the implied com-
pliment from a broad-beamed, rugged
sea-adventurer whose fame on sea
rims of such singing names as Java,
Flores, Banda, Arapura, Molucca
and Celebes was as far-reaching as the

scholastic notability of Tai Hoong
in other strata of life.

  The next enlightening moment of
Captain McTeague came when they
plowed that dark stretch of sea which
he mentioned as the location of the
Little Paternosters, and Tai Hoong
began softly to repeat in excellent
English The Cruise of the Mary
Gloster:

By the heel of the Paternoster, there isn’t a
  chance to mistake.

 And Captain McTeague listened
with a feeling of rare enjoyment, and
his spine seemed to crinkle when the
modulated voice of Tai Hoong reached
the close of the poem:

Churnin’, chokin’, chucklin’, quiet and
  scummy and dark,

Full to her lower hatches And risin’ steady.
  Hark!

That was her after bulkhead. She’s flooded
  from stem to stern.

Never seen death yet, Dickie? Well, now
  it’s your time to learn.

  It was a bit uncanny to hear a slant-
eyed, yellow - skinned, long - queued
Chinese recite that Britisher’s paean
with such understanding. And in
spite of many cruises hereabouts, Cap-
tain McTeague had never been able to
shake off a presentiment of evil when
he entered the mysteriously perilous
waters of the Macassar.

  He was glad of the company of Tai
Hoong in time, for Brigham of Bris-
tol and his companions drank con-
stantly and bestially and were cor-
respondingly seasick and brutal with
the little brown seamen and kept Mc-
Teague constantly alert for trouble.
Also McTeague liked the dignity of
Tai Hoong in refusing to hold Brig-
ham’s head on occasion, and the Chi-
nese doctor did not hesitate to tell him
that drink would undoubtedly leave
him a prey to jungle fever fatality.

  The Malay crew were in vast awe of
Tai Hoong, it was evident. They
stepped aside lively when he appeared
on deck, showed him a reverence of
demeanor and glance that no white
DEMON DOOM OF N’YENG SEN

195

potentate is granted from these men
of sea-pirate stock. Even Brigham
noticed it and cursed their deference,
cursed the white lace jackets they
wore, their fantastic millinery and
baggy trousers. They constantly spat
betel-juice from mouths like casual-
ties. But when the Annie Laurie ran
into a storm and was driven like a
hunted thing through heaving black
waters, the Malays shed their bodices
, and pants and without waiting for
commands accomplished the tight-
lashing of everything on board with
incredible speed.

   . It was a bad storm. Brigham and
 his friends crept cursingly to their
 berths. Tai Hoong remained on deck,
 evidently enjoying the hurricane, the
 howling of wind devils between the
 islands. But McTeague was alarmed
 for his ship; his stout heart sank
 when, in spite of seamanship and ex-
 pert piloting in darkness as tangible
 as black wool, the Annie Laurie was
 lifted on a boiling maelstrom and
 dropped on an out-jutting obstacle
 which the violence of the storm had
 uncovered. Simultaneously with the
 crash came the screech of engines run-
 ning free and jangle of signal bells.

   ‘ ‘ Broken propeller, ’ ’ the lips of Tai
 Hoong shaped mutely.

   Storm demons shrieked anathemas,
 called down murrains on puny hu-
 mans daring to intrude their pallid
 faces in these islands of dark-blooded
 inconquerables. The blackness was
 profound. The anchors reached no
 ledge of sea-floor to which their flukes
 might cling. Brigham appeared under
 the cabin light, his rain-soaked pa-
 jamas quivering with fat fear until
 McTeague ordered him below and re-
 inforced his command with two Ma-
 lays stripped to loin-rags and shining
 oiled skins, to shut him in his berth.

  A few rags of canvas and a sea-
 anchor were rigged to give steerage
 way. With their garments rain-mold-
 ed to their bodies, McTeague and Tai
 Hoong worked with the crew to fight

 the Annie Laurie off those shores

 r ;

where in a sudden lightening of the
torrential downpour a light flickered.
The wind had somewhat abated. The
gleam on shore wavei'ed up and down,
then rested.

  “I’m going below for guns, Doc-
tor,” said McTeague. “Have you a
reliable shooter, and can you use one ? ”

  He was aware that his crew did not
wish to be driven on those shores at
any cost, and the sweep of wind and
tide between islands invisible in dark-
ness was carrying them toward that
gleam of light. Also he was aware
that high cliff walls broke the force of
the wind and battering waves.

  As he strapped on big navy re-
volvers, Captain McTeague saw by the
clock in his berth that it was near
dawn, although the storm clouds had
prevented a rift of gray daybreak
showing. A screech from the deck took
him aloft three steps at a time, to a
scene of confusion on which the deck
lanterns shed lurid stabbing color
splashed on heaving tumult of black
men in frenzied slaughter.

  A fusillade of shots warned him.
His guns spat as he came from shel-
ter. Then blackness struck as some-
thing crashed on his skull. Captain
McTeague felt himself rolling and
bumping, then slipping into deeper
darkness than in t.he storm.

When McTeague’s eyes opened,
Tai Hoong was bending over
him with abstracted impersonal atten-
tion. He sat on the side of the berth to
wrap lengths of white gauze about
the captain’s wrist. McTeague cursed,
partly from pain, partly in recalling
the fight on deck and his own elim-
ination in the first of the fray.

  “Natives boarded us,” explained
Tai Hoong, “for loot. They took all
that was not fastened. Then they
tried to cut the steam pipes. Your
steam pressure, Captain McTeague,
was excellent. If you had seen how
they were cooked alive it would have
repaid you for your hand. Not even
a savage can fight steam.”
196

WEIRD TALES

 "What, happened to my hand?”

 "They wanted an ornament on
one finger and took it with the hand.
I selected the shapeliest hand I
could find, but of course it will not
match your own hand. In a month
you should have a serviceable substi-
tute for the hand you lost. And you
will observe later that your new hand
belonged to a personage of importance
whose body the remaining Malays
viewed with marked respect,”

 MeTeague swallowed hard and
through gritting teeth remarked: "A
Papuan chieftain welded on that
ring red-hot, and because I didn’t
squeal I was saved from a New Guinea
cooking-pot. ’ ’

  Then his eyes closed. More nause-
ating than ether fumes was the
thought of wearing a native’s hand in
place of his own. He wanted to tear
it off, but Tai Hoong gave him no op-
portunity. He was in attendance
night and day, and later assisted Cap-
tain MeTeague on deck to take com-
mand.

  The Annie Laurie was beached on
a sheltered shore and her crew were
working on repairs to her hull. News
of the shipwreck had traveled, and
natives came looking for trade and
straightway caught the interest of
Brigham and his two drunken cronies.
Captain MeTeague paid no attention
to Brigham those days. It was not
until the schooner was repaired and
they were ready to set out, under can-
vas (since there was no way of weld-
ing a propeller shaft in the jungle),
that Brigham revealed what kept him
sober, interested and busy during
those weeks along shore.

  The man was boastful, blatant, sick-
ingly proud of the number of human
skins nicely cured, pliant and soft as
doeskins. At sight of them, MeTeague
swore large words, but Tai Hoong
was interested, even to the point of
drawing Brigham out on the source of
supply.

  "Native woman,” announced Brig-
ham. "And as nice a color now as

when I saw her running into the
jungle.” He halted abruptly, aware
that it was impolitic to confide the de-
tails of his selection and bargaining to
anyone. Tai Hoong’s shapely hands
stroked the skin softly. His eyes did
not lift; not so much as a flicker of
more than casual interest was be-
trayed.

  "Leather, like fur, must be taken
from prime animals,” said Brigham.
* ‘ There ought to be a market for this
stuff. Seems to me I heard of some
woman making her will that her skin
was to be cured to make the cover of
a book of poems her lover had written
to her. Nice little sentiment, that,
though a Chinaman wouldn’t appre-
ciate the delicacy of it. ’ ’

  "No. Possibly not,” agreed Tai
Hoong. "The skin is fine of texture,
finer than this one, for instance. ’ ’ He
held up a second horridly suggestive
dark skin.

  *	* Huge giant of a fellow, that one—
fought like a tiger before they slugged
him. Did no end of damage. But
they got even. ’ ’ And Brigham smiled.
"Flayed him alive. It’s a wonder you
didn't hear him yell.”

  Tai Hoong straightened and rolled
a brown paper cigarette deftly. His
nostrils emitted streams of smoke.
Then he strode forward to where Cap-
tain MeTeague bent over charts and
studied a neat sum of figures.

  ‘ ‘ I should be glad to confide in you,
Captain MeTeague, that my reason
for coming with you and Mr. Brigham
of Bristol was not alone the very high
salary he paid me. ’ ’

  "It isn’t news to me,” agreed Cap-
tain MeTeague.

  "You know, of course, that Mr.
Brigham has set his mind on visiting
the shrine at N’Yeng Sen. I am in-
terested enough to see that this goal
is attempted, at least. And perhaps
I could assist you in finding it.”
MeTeague studied the face of Tai
Hoong.

 "Something happened,” he an-
nounced. ‘ ‘ I had an idea you were on
DEMON DOOM OP N’YENG SEN

197

board to prevent that booze-soaked
fat-head from getting to the shrine.
Now you’ve changed your mind. I’d
like to know why. ’ ’

  "The ring on that hand which my
poor surgery gave you, Captain Mc-
Teague, would enable us to gain en-
trance to the inner shrine. You may
be surprized to know the sea-pirates
were led by a man sworn to protect
the goddess of N’Yeng Sen with his
life. It is possible the hand may
cause you embarrassment, but it may
on the contrary protect your life. I
am sincere in saying that had not my
own hands been trained in surgery,
which is my lifework, I should have
attempted to replace one with that
hand, so great and far-reaching is the
power of N’Yeng Sen and the jimat
on the finger of that hand you wear. ’ ’

  Captain McTeague looked at the
ring, crude gold, carved in symbols he
did not recognize, set with a carved
blue translucent stone.

  "Blue jade, Captain McTeague,
rarer and more valuable than a first-
water diamond of equal size. ’ ’

  Captain McTeague impulsively
held out the brown hand which Tai
Hoong clasped. Then his face changed.

  "The damn thing don’t shake
hands right!” he exclaimed.

  "For many years it has used the
secret clasp of N’Yeng Sen,” ex-
plained Tai Hoong. "Do not attempt
to train it otherwise.”

  “Well . . . about this trip to
N’Yeng Sen ...” And for an hour
Captain McTeague pored over his
charts assisted by the Chinese, whose
knowledge of hidden lagoons and dark
places on the New Guinea shore was
astounding even to McTeague, who
had traded there for years.

/'"'vnce at sea again, Brigham drank
^ a great deal and held ribald con-
versation with Klein and Schartz,
the two companions he had brought,
in whose company he seemed to feel
more natural than with McTeague or
Tai Hoong. Captain McTeague ig-

nored much. Since the business of
taking cured human skins was done,
there was little use grousing. But he
was hoping that Brigham would un-
pack his tricks in company of a band
of Papuan savages. He said as much.

  “The New Guinea warriors have
black skins, Brigham, sort of rich,
brown-black skins. They’d make nice
foot-gear.

  “It’s this way,” stated Brigham,
warming to shop-talk, “I’ve been fig-
uring the cost of this skin, for in-
stance, and how many pail’s of slip-
pers it would cut. Even dance slip-
pers, which take very little material,
would come high considering what I
paid to take this leather. Gad, I
could have bought that woman for a
wife real cheap, but her skin came
high. Seems to me the best way would
be to take wives. ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Regular Bluebeard, ’ ’ suggested
Schartz laughing. “Fat wives will
make the most boots.”

  “Depends. If they’re flabby fat,
the skin is soft in places. Say, I need
a name for this leather, something
snappy and not a give-away. They’d
probably get fussy about human
skins.”

  “Something like Birds of Paradise,
eh?” asked Klein. “By the way, they
get paradise plumes from New Guinea
where we’re going. Why not get the
real thing there ? ’ ’

  “Too delicate and small for profit,”
said Brigham. “What about this
NYeng Sen name? We have fur
names like Caracul paws and bellies
of unborn lamb. Why not ‘Breasts
of Paradise ’ ? ”

  Captain McTeague rose and moved
away with a glance of black disgust at
the ribaldry which came.

The first sight of Papua crouched
like a black panther on violet
foaming seas seemed less menacing
than these white men he carried. The
fetid breaths of her dank river
mouths was cleaner than his human
cargo. And Papua, he remembered,
198

WEIRD TALES

was savage, pagan, immoral and cruel,
and for the first time he was glad. The
hells of her torture traps could not
avenge such deeds as the slaughter of
this young Celebes woman in cold
blood to make dance slippers for
white women. Captain McTeague was
all for finding the shrine of N’Yeng
Sen speedily and getting shut of his
bargain with Brigham of Bristol.

  It took time to find the place on
that wild northern shore of uncon-
quered Papua where Tai Hoong had
said the inland trail might begin. But
they did make it and dropped anchor
in a lagoon at flood tide, to have shore
people presently dart out in black
canoes like a flight of arrows from
hidden bowmen. And the natives at
the paddles, as Captain McTeague ob-
served, were young men who carried
a netted bag of feathers around their
necks along with adornments of more
sinister origin.

  “The bag of feathers,” explained
McTeague, “is a crest of plumes they
can wear only when they have killed
men. They’re friendly enough. Young
folks usually are. But they’re ripe
for trouble. ’ ’

  “Why not kill each other?” asked
Brigham.

  “It isn’t done. They kill strangers
or enemies. And we are both. It’s
only fair to warn you. Nice black
skins, eh?”

  He beckoned a youth on board, or-
dered a fizz drink of harmless quality
and allowed Brigham of Bristol to
admire the oiled black skin to his
heart’s content. Turning away, Cap-
tain McTeague thought he saw the
ghost of a smile twitch the lips of Tai
Hoong. He hoped so. His own feel-
ing of premonition boded trouble, and
he needed a friend as never before.

  The offshore wind brought that
alluring sweetness of flower-breath
transcended by jungle moisture that
is the emanations of siren Papua,
gripping as the memory of perfume
on the hair of a woman beloved. The
slumberous blue breasts of Papua

were sunset-flamed and passionate.
Loveliness reached out arms and
twined fingers amorously in the hair
of Captain McTeague. And in the
lower shore darkness drums throbbed,
pulses of desire, quick stealthy rus-
tlings as the siren stirred to spring
on these intruders.

  Captain McTeague invited Tai
Hoong to go ashore with him and
carry gifts to the village chieftain.
There was nothing to be gained by
holding aloof now. In an hour or so
the tide would be low and the schoon-
er unable to escape until it flooded
again. A bold front was the thing.

Cooking-pots simmered over fires
that made the night a spotted ter-
ror. Old women with flabby flesh
moved to serve their lords with shells
of turtle stew. Captain McTeague
saluted the chief and wished he could
secure the finest crest of Paradise
plumes he had ever seen a chieftain
wear. He remarked about it.

  Tawauyo was rather spiritless for a
savage, he thought. The whole tribe
were lacking that suspiciousness and
formidable resentment which must
usually be overcome before trade be-
gins. And only when McTeague men-
tioned that they would like to pen-
etrate the hills to the shrine of
N’Yeng Sen, did Tawauyo rouse from
apathy. The sudden blaze of aged
eyes showed a tender spot touched.
McTeague gathered that Tawauyo
greatly feared the god at N’Yeng Sen.
Debbil-debbils sprang from his loins;
they haunted river and jungle,
thieved pearls for the goddess-wife in
the shrine, and made life not worth
living. If the white men were going
to N’Yeng Sen, he, Tawauyo, would
take their big canoe for his own, be-
cause never, never would they come
forth to sail it away.

  Sympathetic and unsmiling, Cap-
tain McTeague announced that he
would make white magic and drive
out the debbil-debbils. But his offer
was met with a shrug of weariness.
DEMON DOOM OF N’YENG SEN

199

Tawauyo had seen white magic which
was very good for women and chil-
dren. He had journeyed to a port and
secured a box of it. That also had been
stolen and at times the jungle flared
with the magic lights and grew noisy
with white magic worked by debbil-
debbils. Possibly they were white-
man debbil-debbils, since they acted
strangely as white men did, and
danced to the sound of tunes in a box
which all white men carry. To the
questions of MeTeague in pidgin and
Tai Hoong, who r-evealed his amazing
knowledge of tribal jargon that night,
Tawauyo said that life was scarcely
worth living for his people. They
dared not penetrate mazes of jungle
rivers for terror of crocodiles that
talked, or hunt on shore for fear of
gray men of the woods who were half
man anyway and acted as if only
their strength was beast and in all
else they were men.

  The returning canoes, bearing Brig-
ham and his cronies, put an end to
the sorrowful complaint of Tawauyo.
Drums purred and a dance was start-
ed: fermented palm juice added its
potent fire to the lash of drums, beat-
ing, throbbing, purring into wild
thongs of sound that seemed to leave
weals on the flesh of MeTeague. He
saw black men leaping in demoniacal
ecstasy, and Brigham of Bristol ab-
sorbing palm wine and ogling a young
woman on the outer circle.

  "Easy there,” he cautioned. "We’d
better be going, Chief,” he apologized
1o Tawauyo; "a white man gets fool-
ish on strong drink.”

  "Maybe buy wife,” suggested Ta-
wauyo. "Heap fine Mary make for
wife catchem hut.” A woman in the
bleaching-hut, confined until her skin
would be the color of smoky gold.
And Brigham had heard.

  ‘ ‘ Trot her out, ’ ’ he demanded.

  "None of that,” roared Captain
MeTeague, but Brigham was striding
after an old woman commanded to
show him the bleaching beauty.

  "Time to head for the schooner,”

Mc-Teague announced, aud enforced
his command. In the boat Brigham
ranted about the woman in the bleach-
ing-hut until MeTeague restrained an
impulse to knock him overside for
sharks to finish—for the lagoon held
sharks. He mentioned his craving
and Brigham laughed and began to
howl a song—a maudlin music-hall
ditty, but a fair baritone voice.

  It was scarce ended when from the
dark shroud of jungle gloom along
shore, as if echoing Brigham, came a
wide-throated roar of song, like a
thunderous organ diapason gone mad:

  "Maxwel ton’s ba-anks r-r-r bo-
oney,” it howled, then broke into
speech: "Na-amin’ a ship fer-r-r
A-annie La-aurie. ...”

  Then MeTeague knew that the
nightmare of a sickness that had
once plunged him near death’s door
had not been a fever dream after all.
That voice belonged to Red Murphy,
a waterfront bum who served time
for murder. And he and Tai Hoong
and Brigham of Bristol had blundered
into a lagoon haunted by the most ter-
ribly punished criminals the world
held.

  Worse than Dante’s Inferno was
this sentence of doom passed on Red
Murphy and his pal, Tricky Turner.
And this was the debbil-debbil worry-
ing Tawauyo. MeTeague wondered if
it would not be an act of mercy to end
Hhe doom of these two criminals. But
he did not speak of it. For one thing,
Tai Hoong was listening with alert in-
terest ; the other three white men were
drunk, too far gone to question the
leather quality of that jungle voice
lifting a love song.

He lay awake in his berth for some
time recalling vague memories of
his sickness some years ago and the
very bad dreams it brought. Then he
decided it might be better to start at
once for the open sea, give up this
shrine business, and get out.

  When sleep came it was heavy,
dreamless, profound. He overslept,
200

WEIRD TALES

wakened to find Tai Hoong in his
stateroom for the first time since his
hand healed.

  "Something strange has happened,
Captain McTeague. We are prison-
ers.”

  McTeague raced on deck in his pa-
jamas. Then he cursed. The lagoon
mouth, a narrow entrance between
out-jutting coral reefs, was impass-
able. Jungle trees and brush, weighted
by tinted coral newly brought from
the sea-floor, effectively formed a bar-
rier that would have to be cleared be-
fore the schooner could sail.

  Long and earnest talk went back
and forth between McTeague and Tai
Hoong, and the Chinese at last pre-
vailed.

 “The weather is changing; the
monsoons are just begun. A big
storm would clear that barrier and we
could sail away. Meanwhile I great-
ly desire to visit this shrine, and you
would make it passible.”

 “How?” demanded McTeague.
‘ ‘ How do I figure ? ’ ’

 “Your hand!”

  McTeague looked at that shapely
brown hand, slender beside his own,
marked with the curiously carved
blue jade in a ring of red and yellow
gold.

  ‘ ‘ Sort of ‘ hand of fate, ’ eh ? ”

  ‘ ‘ A hand of destiny. Perhaps judg-
ment. Or doom. One might invent
many titles, Captain McTeague. I
prefer to believe its power will rid the
world of evil — a sort of demon’s
doom.”

  “Nice hand that,” commented Mc-
Teague, flexing the fingers. “Why
do you suppose those natives worked
like sluggers all night to hold us in
this lagoon?”

  They were not to wonder long. Ar-
rangements went forward to take jun-
gle river trail to the shrine of N’Yeng
Sen, and McTeague went ashore to
obtain canoes and guides. The matted
mangrove roots embedded in shoreless
river banks prevented the use of the
schooner’s small power-boat. And

they needed guides. Brigham and
his cronies were still drinking, but
they followed McTeague ashore and
were invited to soak further in palm
wine. The drums again pulsed forth
their primal martial call to valorous
impulse, but Tawauyo would not con-
sent to lend guides or canoes to dis-
turb the presiding demon of N’Yeng
Sen. In fact, like an animal sensing
storm long before a barometer begins
its fall, Tawauyo was uneasy.

  He kept on his feet, constantly
peering into the jungle gloom, listen-
ing for sounds which the drums might
deaden. And toward sunset, when the
hills were smoldering in thunderous
gory crimson, the avalanche swooped
—rustling in the blackness beyond
fire-flare and leaping dancers — a
crashing that rushed at the circle.

 McTeague’s guns were knocked
from his hands as they cracked. He
was lifted bodily and swept through
lacerating palm fronds and twisting
lianas and thudded breathless over the
crook of a tall tree branch to twist
and recoil in horror from his captor.

  A gray man of the woods, an orang-
outang, clutched claws through his
belt, lifted his two hundred pounds
with little effort, grinned, then
mouthed guttural semblance of human
speech.

  “Saw me afore, didn’t ye? Tricky
Turner’s me name. An’ I’m sick of
bein’ a monk.”

  McTeague’s brain reeled. He was
sick with fear and horror. Blackness
floated him to semi-consciousness, but
a vigorous shake of those powerful
simian arms roused him to the fetid
breath near his face, the great jaw
fangs that could rend and tear his
flesh, the paws that could split his
body as a banana is peeled.

  Then he was again lifted and swung
through the air, turning, fighting,
twisting vainly to free himself, and at
last plumped down in a stinking
stretch of river mud that reeked of
the sickening odor of mugger walk-
about grounds and putrid remains of
DEMON DOOM OF N’YENG SEN

201

feed. Crashing through the trees
came a second gray terror and down
came Tai Hoong in the arms of a
great she-ape. In ten minutes they
were joined by other apes, each bear-
ing a human burden, and the screams
of Brigham of Bristol were silenced
by a blow of an ape’s double fist
which drew blood from his blue-mot-
tled lips. Thereafter, for the space of
many minutes, silence reigned.

  Sunset glow penetrated the clearing
in flickering color. A strange com-
pany even for a tropic jungle stared
at one another. Gray-faced white
men, the yellow countenance of Tai
Hoong a sickly green, the grinning
circle of apes in charge, and along
the river shore dark water split to
reveal the long black snout and mur-
derously fanged jaws of a crocodile.

  “Ha-ail, ha-ail, the ga-ang’s a-all
he-ere, ’ ’ sang from the pink leathery
throat. ‘ ‘ R-re-mem-ber Po-o Su-ung
tha-at. ma-ade us wha-at we a-are.
Here’s whi-ite men tha-at ca-an do
a-anything. Gi-ive us ba-ack o-our
sha-apes.”

  Captain McTeague remembered. In
his sickening fever dream the terrible
Po Sung had glutted vengeance on
humans, transplanted their brains to
this saurian and some orang-outangs.
Now, he knew the nightmare had
taken flesh and blood, and caught him
in its insane power. A maniacal fear
lashed his blood to frenzy. He spoke
as a man might who howls at night-
mare fury to depart.

  “Go on, kill us, only do it quick.
We are not Po Sung. He is dead as
hell. Why torture us? We didn’t
harm any of you.”

  “No. But ye’ll do us go-ood.
Ye’ll fetch anoo-other like Po Sung
an’ gi-ive us ba-ack our sha-apes.”

  Half fainting for the first time in
his life, McTeague glanced at Tai
Hoong. The Chinese eyes flickered;
the green skin had regained its nor-
mal yellow.

  “I have studied under Po Sung,”
he said. “But you would not care to

emerge in the body of a slant-eyed
yellow-faced Chinese?”

  “Na-aw,” roared from the mug-
ger’s throat. “ They’s just two av us
to bo-other abo-out. Tri-icky an ’ me-e.
The gals is na-ative an’ so’s the o’other
buck. Spe-eak up, Tri-icky, whi-ich
wan’11 ye cho-oose?”

“Not de Chink,” howled from the
throat of the ape which held Captain
McTeague fast. “Dis bloke suits me.”
“Captain McTeague is a guardian
of N’Yeng Sen,” said Tai Hoong.

‘ ‘ Also I shall need help with this
work. A third reason is that he is the
only one capable of sailing his ship to
a port. You will want to get away
from the jungle, of course. ’ ’

  McTeague saw that Klein and Brig-
ham lay limp, inert. And Schartz
was in a stupor of fear. None of the
three understood this terrible doom
impending or the hell circle formed in
the jungle, where powers of darkness
loosed by a fiend in human form had
gathered for vengeance too terrific to
contemplate. There came a time when
gathering darkness, the miasmie
stench of swamps, the nauseating filth
of the walk-about ground crowded
McTeague until he was hardly aware
of what went forward, except the
voice of the mugger endlessly howling
argument and the quiet, controlled
speech of Tai lloong, playing a des-
perate game for time, for life.

  He knew only that presently he was
lifted, swung through the jungle, with
lianas clutching and dragging at his
feet, and hunched in the circle of fires
deserted by the natives, piled high by
the jungle ghouls. There, a gourd of
palm wine started his blood again and
the icy clutch of fear about his heart
retreated. Reason mounted its throne
and he understood many things.

  The mugger had left his river and
lay basking 011 the heated coral and
an ape poured wine down the great
pink gullet. They were like trained
servants for Red Murphy the mugger
and Tricky Turner the man-ape, obey-
ing commands, fetching, carrying, al-
202

WEIRD TALES

most meekly subservient. And once
in the silence as the mugger pondered
something Tai Hoong had said, Mc-
Teague caught a moan. His head
came up. The mugger’s long black
snout turned. The apes listened.

  "Fetch ut he-erc,” commanded the
mugger, and an ape swung into the
blackness beyond, then returned car-
rying something that mewed in agony,
and laid it on the coral.

  McTeague leaped to his feet. The
hand of his guardian ape circled his
throat and held him. Then he threw
up an arm to shut out the sight of a
girl who had once been pretty, skin
bleached to color of gold ash, head like
a feather duster, who had been staked
down and was being flayed alive.

  McTeague crowded back against the
ape that held him, oblivious to the ter-
rible proximity of the beast, and in
one flood of rage that shut out all
other feais, he turned on the rousing
Brigham.

"Is this girl your work, Brigham?”
"Didn’t have time to finish,” mut-
tered Brigham; "Klein and I just got
started. Good taxidermist, Klein—

lovely skin that girl-”

  "Tai Hoong,” roared Captain Mc-
Teague, "you once gave me a hand—
a hand of doom, of demon’s doom, you
said. Give me one sign that there is
justice in this world, or power in man
to rid the race of its brutal fiends
aborted from human shape. Give Red
Murphy what he wants, and Tricky
Turner, and this other ape! ’ ’

  And somehow the form of Captain
McTeague in his torn shirt and bloody
scratches of flesh took on majesty and
height and the strange hand was up-
lifted in that gesture which ancient
gods of the East make in stone and
bronze and golden effigy.

  And across the circle of firelight
Tai Hoong rose and became stately
and terrible, as his hands clasped each
other and he bowed from the waist
as before god-head.

  Then, in the jungle formed a pro-
cession of dreadful import such as the

world has not seen since the armored
apes of the simian city of Hanumau
pranced forth'to savage music that
abused the senses, and jangled towers
upthrust against the burning sky.

  McTeague stalked forth, followed
by his captor whose claws were hooked
in his belt. Tai Hoong followed with
head carried high and eyes ablaze.
And swinging along came the miser-
able humans jerked like rag dolls in
the clutch of the gray apes. Along
the river bank they went, so that the
mugger could more readily keep pace,
and from his throat roared the sonor-
ous sounds that called to mind a black-
plumed hearse and following charger
with saddle and stirrups reversed; the
Dead March from Saul.

  Swinging through trees overhead
were a company of orang-outangs car-
rying gourds of palm wine and other
things which McTeague could not
make out. It seemed to Captain Mc-
Teague that his body was detached,
separate, insensate. One burning fur-
nace of wrath roared behind his eyes.
For alongside, as if designed to
flaunt the wickedness which white
men did to natives, came a she-ape
carrying as lightly as a woman cai'-
ries her baby, the half-flayed body of
the hut-bleached girl, still moaning,
although her eyes were glazed and
Tai Hoong had muttered the only
comforting thing his lips uttered in
that hour, that she was beyond feeling
pain.

  Deep into the jungle they plunged,
and Captain McTeague saw the
beauty of that pre-Adam period when
survival depended on brawn, on fang
and claw and stupendous strength.
They could not have made that jour-
ney in weeks of hacking through jun-
gle growth or paddling the trackless,
shoreless rivers webbed with man-
gVoves that spi-out their seeds on the
trees and send down roots to web the
water with entangling death snares.
But in the arms of the great apes they
were carried high, swiftly, safely, and
always within sound of that booming
DEMON DOOM OF N’YENG SEN

203

Dead March roared from the throat
of the mugger.

  Paradise birds dancing on tall tree-
tops in the early sun of dawn soared
like living jewels. Lorries flashed
furious color, squawking raucously as
they winged from this procession.
Captain MeTeague looked down on
river shores blazoned with profusion
of monstrous scarlet flowers whose hot
perfume seemed potent as chloroform.
His senses reeled, his body was limp
as a rag when the ape swung down
and dropped him like a sack on a
clearing walled by dense dark jungle.
His breath rasped like dead husks,
but he was aware that the gray ghouls
had arrived with their human bur-
dens and the swampy stream now ran
limpid and green-shining through gar-
dens, and was arched by red lacquered
bridges that glowed in the moist heat
like jewels. Against the hot blueness
of a sky sailed by cloud argosies, tow-
ers stood like candles, dripping re-
flected light from plaques of porcelain
and lacquer. Green bushes ablaze
with bloom shielded its lower story.

A moment later an exhausted, sweat-
ing Tai Hoong came from his ape
captor to MeTeague.

  "N’Yeng Sen,” he announced.

  Gourds were passed, and MeTeague
swigged thirstily and knew the benef-
icence of wine dulling fear, rousing
courage; and he needed courage. For
a company of apes came from the di-
rection of the temple, jacketed in
shining metal tunics, swinging with
the precision of soldiers, although
they flew rather than marched, but
their flight did not disarrange the
long stream of ghouls that stretched
from the surrounding gardens to the
jungle edge where MeTeague and his
company waited.

  "Now, Captain MeTeague, you take
command,” said Tai Hoong. "Your
hand-”

  “Lord,” breathed MeTeague, in-
voluntarily lifting the strange hand
to have a look himself at this member

which Tai Hoong had called “De-
mon’s Doom.” And the oncoming
gray ghouls saw. A yelp from the
leader and they halted, their stormy
gray lines up-ended with the tail of
the line swinging forward to enclose
the jungle crowd.

  Standing beside Captain MeTeague,
Tai Hoong spoke words that Mc-
Teague could not understand, and
from the arms of one ape a figure
dropped, toddled a feeble step nearer
and disclosed under the limp skin of
an orang-outang he wore as a cloak,
an aged yellow man clad in jewel-em-
broidered robe. His eyes were on the
uplifted hand of Jock MeTeague on
which the symbolic ring caught sun-
flre and glowed. He spoke, and Tai
Hoong bowed from the waist.

  MeTeague did not learn what
passed between these two men of the
East, but between wheeling lines of
the ape army of N’Yeng Sen they
were escorted to the temple gates,
guarded by apes who fell back at their
approach, and Captain MeTeague was
aware that the ring on his strange
hand opened these gates, and the
shaven priest who met them at the
lower step found in that hand-grip
which MeTeague could not change or
control, some “Open Sesame” which
cleared the way.

  The next hour was one of such re-
lief that MeTeague neither knew nor
cared whether he had fallen into a
death trap or the trail of life. He was
bathed, his body anointed and mas-
saged. He was fed and clothed in
robes of blue silk embroidered with
designs of gold thread and gems. And
he slept. The moon shone through
the round windows of the room where
he lay on a satin-padded floor mat-
tress, and a white-robed attendant
was setting sparks alight on incense,
and offering him a cool drink.

  Somewhere, there was murmuring
sound pulsing like music. He ate
curried chicken and rice, drank deep-
ly of the tart, cool liquid offering in
a gem-encrusted chalice, and was pres-
204

WEIRD TALES

ently crowned with a gaudy head-
dress on which jewels quivered from
gold wires. Then he was led through
dark corridors lighted with smoky
torches in wall sconces to a vast room
where moon-silver poured through
round wall apertures and wall torches
lent lurid flares of flame. He wanted to
shrink along one wall in his ridic-
ulous robes and bonnet of jewels, but
there was no choice. Through gray
apes crouched on the floor in their
metal jackets he was led to a distant
dais that seemed a shimmering blaze
of light. Coming closer he saw that
the shining wall was made of dancing-
girls in metal cloth dresses who stood
motionless as statues, flanking a group
of shaven priests in resplendent robes.
To stools below the priests he was led,
and Tai Hoong appeared from some-
where to sit beside him. Below was a
couch draped with a white gauze pall
under which lay something human.
Tai Hoong spoke softly, whispered
from unmoving lips.

  "Judgment is taken from you; this
white man has killed a woman des-
tined to be a dancer of N’Yeng Sen,
belonging to the gods. The Doom of
N’Yeng Sen will fall.”

  The music he had heal’d came near-
er, swelled, pealed through the hall,
and the wall of dancers suddenly
swooped into motion. For an endless
time McTeague watched the postur-
ing slow dance of the East until he
grew drowsy-eyed and the light-
footed woman creatures in their
gleaming robes seemed butterflies
wheeling drunkenly. Then a single
gorgeous whirling flame of dancing
flew down, spinning like a diamond
top until it seemed that human
strength could not keep such mad mo-
tion. McTeague closed his eyes.

  When the music ceased with a crash
of cymbals he looked again.

  The priests descended. There was
a stir forward, and before that cov-
ered couch came apes of the jungle,
dragging three white men. The white
pall was lifted and McTeague sick-

ened at the sight on the white couch.
Arms of smoky gold folded about a
small red orchid of that genus along
the river which poured forth its lethal
breath. Her pretty face framed in
dark curls as bushy as a feather crest
lay the girl of the village bleaehing-
hut. And from her waist down was
revealed the hellish cruelty of Brig-
ham, the expert skill of flaying her
golden skin.

  It was Tai Hoong who acted as in-
terpreter for the priests. McTeague
realized that Brigham was either
drunk or drugged, for he turned
braggart again, threatening Tai
Hoong with the authorities of the
ports, easting the blame for the work
on Klein, making the excuse that they
had not killed her, and the jungle
trip was to blame.

  The pursuit of Eastern vengeance
earnestly laid on the lap of gods is
long and patient, but the judgment, of
N’Yeng Sen was swift. For the ben-
efit of Brigham, Tai Hoong translated.

  "Some time ago great surgeons
made the successful experiment of
transplanting brains of humans into
the skulls of apes. Po Sung, who was
once a power in this temple, used a
river crocodile. We have seen them,
heard them, and know they are un-
happy in their present incarnation.
It is the judgment of N’Yeng Sen that
these men have expiated their sen-
tences for deeds not as evil as the out-
rage of this girl destined for the god-
dance of N’Yeng Sen. It is the sen-
tence of N’Yeng Sen that Brigham of
Bristol and Klein the taxidermist
change physical form with Red Mur-
phy and Tricky Turner. I have
spoken!’ ’

  And at that judgment of doom, Mc-
Teague leaped to his feet to protest,
threw up his arms to silence the roar
of ape throats that greeted the end of
the audience and involuntarily added
the finality of the upraised hand, dis-
playing the symbol of N’Yeng Sen.

  The hall leaped to life like gray,
stormy seas, and as magically clear.
DEMON DOOM OF N’YENG SEN

205

MeTeague stood clutching the arm of
Tai Hoong to keep his feet, and hear-
ing the screams of Brigham and
Klein. Suddenly he remembered
Schartz and asked Tai Hoong in one
word.

  "The brain of the dying girl was
transferred to the head of Schartz,”
said Tai Hoong. "He, or she, is re-
covering nicely.”

  Then Captain MeTeague fainted.

  He wakened in an ornate tiny
building fashioned after the towers of
the temple, with carved pillars sup-
porting its spire. He was attended
and waited upon, served with lux-
uries, cared for as never before in his
life. And it was quiet there. He
looked out at endless garden beauties
and the far-away blue menace of the
jungle wall. He lost count of days,
and decided the wine was drugged,
because nothing seemed to matter, nor
did he care about his predicament or
his schooner waiting in the lagoon.

  Then one day Tai Hoong appeared,
clad in dragon-embroidered black
satin, sleek-skinned, suave, quiet-
voiced.

  "We are free to return, Captain
MeTeague,” he said, "very much the
same company in appearance as when
we came. Do you feel equal to meet-
ing your passengers for the return
trip?”

/Captain mcteague went with Tai
^ Hoong and met Brigham and
Klein and Schartz; a trio somewhat
refined in appearance, thinner, paler,
pathetically quiet and hesitant, And
MeTeague decided he had been strick-
en with jungle fever and imagined the
great hall of N’Yeng Sen, the dancers,
the judgment, the Demon’s Doom, until
Brigham spoke in that thick brogue
of the river mugger, but a voice no
more like the roaring thunder of the
swamp night than a drawing-room
voice resembles the howling magnified
by a megaphone.

  "Red Murphy’s proud to shake yer
hand, sor, and mighty thankful for

meeting you widout makin’ a meal of
ye on sight—as I did many’s the wan.
Faith, ye don’t know how hungry a
mugger gits, and all. ...”

  ‘ * The same from me, ’ ’ said the man
in the likeness of Klein. "And I’m a
deal handsomer nor I was as Tricky
Turner, sir, thanks be to you an’ the
Chink surgeon, sir. ’ ’

 Captain MeTeague was mute,
struck dumb by the transformation,
unable at that moment to comprehend
the enormity of joy that made these
men tremble as they spoke. He looked
at Schartz, who shrank timidly to
one side and uttered native words, of
which MeTeague caught only one,
"Marshter,” as the woman in man
shape dropped and bumped a fore-
head to the earth.

  MeTeague turned abruptly. From
the temple doors came the ape army
in their shining foolish jackets, long
columns of gray men of the woods
streaming from the great doors,
swooping in that airy floating lithe-
ness that is the marvel of simian
movement, catching up the men,
swinging them along, flying high in
the upper stratum of forest green, up
with mountain beasts and birds over
the steaming, perfumed flanks of the
dark land.

  Down they swooped to a'village at
noonday meal. Villagers scattered as
if blown by the typhoon power and
left the cooking-pots unattended. The
fires were scattered, the pots over-
turned, the huts entered and searched
for hidden pearls; then the ape army
danced, silently, ghastly, grotesquely
foolish, a wheeling chain of gray
ghouls linked by paws and tails, and
from the river swamps came a howl-
ing, roaring cry of despair:

  "For God’s sake, do-ont le-eave me
li-ike thi-is!”

  "Brigham of Bristol,” said Tai
Hoong.

  "And me—in. the name of heaven,
shoot me, kill me!”

  "Klein,” muttered Captain Mc-
Teague. "Look, Tai Hoong, the for-
206

WEIRD TALES

lorn ape in the tree. And his body
going with us on the schooner, back
to God knows what . . . and Brig-
ham’s body ... to Bristol. Tai
Hoong, they’d be better dead. What
will Red Murphy do in Brigham’s
shoes?”

  A ghost of a smile twitched the lips
of Tai Hoong.

  “An interesting experiment to
watch, Captain McTeague—Red Mur-
phy as the proprietor of Brigham’s
Beautiful Boots. I think one thing
is certain; he will not inhumanly flay
living natives for material for
women’s dance slippers. Perhaps—
who knows ? — the demon doom of
N’Yeng Sen is wisdom of the gods,
punishment that fits the crime.”

  “Then by what justice was I made
witness of these horrors?” demanded
McTeague. “Prisoned in the lagoon,
losing a season. ...”

  It was the ape army that answered
his question. They swung to the coral
reefs, cleared the debris, working like
Trojans, and Captain McTeague took
the oars of a boat to pull his human
cargo out.

  The schooner’s deck was empty of
black men, who had vanished at sight
of the apes. Captain McTeague went
below to rout them from hiding in
the hold, and the sight of a lantern
clutched in the sti’ange hand acted
more quickly and effectively than a
lash. He followed the Malays on deck,

discarded his gorgeous robe, felt it
drop heavily and lifted it to see what
caused its weight. Then he gasped.

  Those buttons he had not noticed
before were pearls caught in claws of
gold; there were embroideries of solid
drilled pearls; there were pockets,
pearl-filled. . . .

  And on shore were the apes, stand-
ing like soldiers; and as he lifted the
strange hand in farewell, their arms
were flung high in silent salutation.

  “There is an expression in your
tongue, Captain McTeague,” said Tai
Hoong, “about ‘angels unaware.’
perhaps too sentimental a term to
apply to a sea captain. But ‘scourge
of the Lord’ is also unseamanlike. The
idea is that N’Yeng Sen has long been
searching for Klein and Schartz and
Brigham of Bristol. You have been
the means of bringing them to the
inner shrine and judgment. The Ma-
cassar pirates, sent long ago on their
trail, blundered, fortunately for us,
and gave us the hand of power. You
feel that you are repaid somewhat, I
hope. ’ ’

  Pearls poured through the fingers
of the strange hand as Captain Mc-
Teague pondered. On deck the Ma-
lays had spread canvas. The tide was
flooding; the lagoon entrance clear.
And one by one the brown men
donned their baggy trousers, their
lace jackets and fantastic twisted
hats. It looked like fair weather, a
good trip to Sourabaya.
Jhe PURPLE
   SEDAN

fry L DBS LANK

c

“ AN I interest you?”

  I was standing supposedly
alone in the darkest corner
of the big storage room, and the ques-
tion startled me, yet so absurd was
the idea it carried that I laughed.

  “Hardly,” I answered. “Merely
another case of a cat and a king.
Still, I’m interested, at that. Anyone
but a dead person would be, in such
a car.”

  The manager of the Hobson Motor
Company, for such I recognized the
speaker to be, shot me a searching
look, bit his lip, and dropped his
eyes hastily to a resplendent front
hub. “It’s a great machine,” he re-
marked.

  ‘ ‘ Why, what’s the matter with it ? ”
The listlessness of his voice stirred
my curiosity.

  “Not a thing—not a thing in the

Up- /z~y “It was gruesomely familiar,
=§?	with its blood-marked brow

               and disheveled gray hair.”

world!” But his assurance was not
convincing.

  “Comes at something like five
thousand dollars, doesn’t it?”

  “And twelve hundred more, new.”

   *	‘ New ? Isn’t it new ? ’ ’

  The man shook his head and shifted
his gaze to the fender. “Been out
about three months, though it’s only
been run around five hundred miles. ’ ’
‘ ‘ Somebody eouldn’t meet his pay-
ments ? ’ ’

  “No. Wanted a lighter car. Be-
sides, the color is a little odd, too,
you’ll notice.”

  “A little,” I agreed, amusedly.
‘ ‘ At least it isn’t every day that one
sees a purple car with lilac uphol-
stery. But then, a good finisher and
upholsterer could remedy all that.”
He caught at my remark. “Better
let me sell it to you.”

                                    207
208

WEIRD TALES

  I laughed again. "I couldn’t buy
a set of tires for a ear like that, to
say nothing of the ear itself.”

  "You wouldn’t need to, for a long
time. It carries two spares, you’ll
notice, and neither of them has ever
been on. As to the price, we’re pre-
pared to make that right.” He was
eager now.

  “You don’t know how ridiculously
right it would have to be to come
within my reach,” I told him and
started to turn away.

  He stopped me. “But you could
at least make us an offer. What could
you give?”

  ‘ ‘ My old bus the mechanic is work-
ing on out in the repair room,” I an-
swered, joking, of course.

  “Oh, now! Surely you can do a
little better than that. Make it a
hundred besides. ’ ’

  “Can’t do it.”

  “But your old car—why, we’d be
practically making you a gift of the
sedan. ’ ’

  “You would be, anyway, for that
matter, but I simply can’t afford the
hundred. ’ ’

  “But listen, lady-” Suddenly

lie stopped, clenched his hands and
endeavored to look off across the dim
storeroom. Slowly and reluctantly,
however, as if some unseen power
were compelling him, he brought his
head around, not to face me, but to
stare into the lilac depths of the
purple sedan. His eyes were bulging,
his chin hanging down.

“Man!” I cried, seizing his arm
md shaking him; “are you ill?
lere, sit down on the running-board.
VIerciful heavens, you mustn’t look
ike that!”

  Whatever the spell that was upon
him, my action seemed to restore his
■self-possession. He turned squarely
about and addressed me in a voice
but slightly shaken. “You can have
the car on your own terms. Drive it
out.”

  My eyes, in turn, must have bulged.
“Say,” I demanded, “what’s the

matter here? Is this stolen property,
or is the engine gone, or what ? ’ ’
“We’re guaranteeing both the title
and the mechanical condition, if that
means anything. ’ ’

  “But, man, what’s the idea? You
haven’t even seen my car. It’s four
years old and looks every bit of it,
and besides has all the internal ail-
ments a car can possibly be heir to.
Only a little while ago it had to be
towed in, and right now the mechanic
isn’t sure it will ever run again.”

  ‘ ‘ No matter about all that—that is,
if you care to trade.”

  “Oh, I’ll trade all right, only I’d
like to know what is back of it all.”
“Wouldn’t it be enough to know
that, should you be displeased with
your bargain, you may have your old
car back—and keep this one, too?”

  I stared in astonishment. Finally
I got hold of my voice. “I won’t say
it would be enough, still it would be
a great deal.”

  “Then suppose we let it go at
that.”

Tex minutes later I had nosed the
purple sedan out of its gloomy
corner and headed it toward home. I
live ten miles out, and since the
afternoon was already well advanced
and I proved to be rather awkward
in handling a strange car, early dusk
had fallen by the time I turned off
the main highway and entered the
strip of woods that gives privacy to
my bit of property. The road here
is a sand one, and the tracks deep
enough to preclude all danger of a
car’s going astray; furthermore,
there would still be considerable light
once I had cleared the timber, conse-
quently I did not turn on the lights
as I slid into the deeper darkness.

  It had been a warm day for Feb-
ruary, even in Florida, and the eve-
ning that followed was delightfully
balmy, but scarcely had I entered the
woods before I drew my light coat
closely about my throat against the
sudden chill that seemed to envelop
THE PURPLE SEDAN

209

the ear. My action was futile, how-
ever, for the feeling of coldness con-
tinued. It crept up along my spine,
concentrating with such intensity at
the back of my neck that the hair
there seemed to bristle, and I had
the conviction that a pair of eyes
were boring into it. In addition to
this unpleasant sensation, or perhaps
as a result of it, I was seized with an
uncontrollable desire to look behind,
and, regardless of my obligation to
the car, I did.

  I did not start at what I saw, nor
cry out. Indeed I was powerless to
do so, as one is in a dream. A woman
was on the back seat, a gray, shadowy,
disheveled woman, the signs of a ter-
rible struggle fresh upon her—hat-
less, tom, and blood-marked under
wisps of tumbling gray hair. At a
glance, and despite her battered and
disarranged appearance, there was
discernible about her, in the quiet el-
egance of her clothes and the simplic-
ity of her bearing, a certain well-bred
inconspicuousness that marked her as a
member of a class rather than as an
individual. Yet, definite as this im-
pression was, her form and features,
searched, had that vague indistinct-
ness that ordinarily belongs to objects
in a dream; that is, all except her
eyes, which were bright and black and
steady and burned into mine with a
probing, searching fire.

  How long the vision held me I do
not know, but suddenly I became
aware of light and warmth, and the
car was emerging into the compara-
tive brightness of my little home
clearing.

Tt was not until I was out of the
purple sedan and inside my tiny
cottage that I was able to think
clearly once more. Then, strange to
say, my first thoughts were of amuse-
ment rather than of fear or wonder.
How my grandmother would have
doted on my recent experience! How
smoothly it would have fitted with her

well-worn repertoire of Old-World
ghost stories and supernatural dem-
onstrations ! How joyously she would
have seized upon it as a weapon with
which to rout my youthful doubts;
for despite her persistent teachings I
had always been an obnoxiously prac-
tical and hard-headed youngster, re-
fusing stubbornly to believe anything
that I had no particular occasion to
believe. But the curious part was
that, now that I had that occasion, I
still did not believe. Or did I have
it? Were there such things as optical
illusions, hallucinations, imaginary
visions due to overwrought nerves?
True, I am not a nervous person, but
mightn’t my recent transaction have
excited me the least bit? Besides,
there are likely to be shadows where
there are woods, and maybe I had
even dozed a little.

  As for the manager’s anxiety to
dispose of the purple sedan, that was
a different matter. That was hard
to explain. Perhaps, though, if I
looked into things a little I could see
a reason for even that; therefore with
all haste I delved into the small
sheaf of papers I had acquired along
with the ear. There were but two of
them of any value so far as my pur-
pose was concerned, the original
certificate of ownership and the trans-
fer issued to the Hobson Motor Com-
pany. From these documents I was
surprized to learn that the motor
company had owned the machine al-
most exactly two months, the original
purchaser barely one, his title dating
from the fifth of December. I fell to
studying the man’s name. Drennan
— Drennan — Jasper H. Drennan.
Where had I heard that name be-
fore? Not among my flesh-and-blood
acquaintances, I was sui’e, nor those
I had come to know through the pages
of fiction; yet the name so persisted
in tantalizing me with its familiarity
that I could not rest until I had made
an effort toward solving the mystery
of its appeal.
210

WEIRD TALES

  There was but one avenue of en-
quiry open to me; consequently I
turned to it eagerly. From a closet
I brought out stacks of old news-
papers, saved against house-cleaning
time, and these I searched far into
the night for any mention of the
disturbing name. Finally I found
it and the reason for its strange
familiarity. For nearly a week it
had graced the front pages of most
of the state’s leading dailies in con-
nection with one of those sensational
disappearance cases with which the
reading public has been deluged the
last few years. I had merely read
the headlines before, but now, fired
by a sort of personal interest, I fol-
lowed the affair through all the edi-
tions, hoping against hope that every
next line would have something to
say about a purple sedan. But in
this I was disappointed, although I
did gather up some interesting, if
more or less indirect, information re-
garding the man to whom the sedan
originally belonged.

 According to the papers, Mrs.
Felicia Washburn Drennan, wealthy
Northern woman and owner of con-
siderable property in and about the
city of Miami, had disappeared from
her berth on a north-bound ti’ain
sometime during the night of Decem-
ber fifth, or the morning following.
Early in the evening friends of the
woman had called for her at her
suburban home and driven her to the
railroad station, where she had
boarded a train for Sanford, a little
town well up the state. There she
was to meet her husband, Jasper H.
Drennan, who was returning next day
from a business trip to Jacksonville.
Those who had accompanied the
woman to the train saw her enter her
Pullman, and the conductor later re-
ported that a ticket corresponding to
the number of the berth she was known
to have had was extended to him
through the curtains of the compart-
ment, but there all trace of her had

ended. The porter had not been on
hand when she had entered the coach,
and she had at no time required his
services; consequently the man had
never seen her, and, since there had
been passengers alighting at the dif-
ferent stations, could not say when
or where she had left the train.
When, however, he began to make up
the berths beyond Sanford he was
certain that the one bearing her num-
ber had been empty. When she did
not meet her husband as planned, the
latter, thinking she had missed her
train, set himself to wait for her. She
did not arrive on the next train,
either, so that he became anxious and,
late in the afternoon, telephoned
their home. Learning from the serv-
ants of her departure the evening-
before, he immediately caught a train
home, notified the police department
and started an investigation. Days
of exhaustive search followed, but at
last even the official body was forced
to admit failure, for neither clue nor
motive could be found to throw any
light on the woman’s disappearance.

  The Drennans, the papers ex-
plained, were newcomers in the
South, having come from Ohio, where
they had been recently married. Mrs.
Drennan was formerly the widow of
John H. Washburn, the soap manu-
facturer, and Drennan a clerk in the
Washburn office. The former Mrs.
Washburn, sole heir to her husband’s
large estate, had disposed of the soap
factory and, after coming South, had
invested heavily in grove and city
property, over which she had estab-
lished her new husband as manager.
She had no other relatives anywhere
and, so far as was known, no enemies.
Moreover, according to her husband,
there was no domestic trouble, and
the servants bore him out in this.

  It was not an especially interesting
story, and by no means an enlighten-
ing one so far as my desires were
concerned; consequently I was finally
forced to go to bed in disappoint-
ment.
THE PURPLE SEDAN

211

If i had been pleased 'with my
transaction the day before, I was
even more so when I saw the machine
by the light of the morning sun.
Perhaps its color was a little more
pronounced than I had thought in
the mellowness of the waning light,
but if it was, so was its unmarred
newness, its gracefulness of line, its
richness of equipment.

  On close inspection, however, there
were apparent two minor defects
that I had not noticed before, though
these were so slight as to be prac-
tically negligible. They were merely
that the mate to the elaborately cut
glass vase behind the driver’s seat
was missing and the upholstery back
of the wheel was crushed and packed
as if it had been pressed by wet gar-
ments and not brushed afterward.
But I did not let these small matters
worry me. Another vase could be
found somewhere, and a good brush
and the tea-kettle would take care of
the upholstery whenever I had the
time and the inclination to apply
them. I must admit that at that
particular moment it was the latter
that was lacking. So eager was I
to see the astonishment on the faces
of my friends and neighbors when
they saw my new car that I could not
bear to lose any time in starting the
show. I could steam upholstery while
the community was recovering from
its surprize.

  Despite my impatience, it was some
little time before I was ready to
start on my tour of display. In the
first place, I had some important
letters to write, and in the second, I
had to look the place half over for
the papers belonging to the old car,
for I had decided that after I had
shown off before my acquaintances in
the neighboring village I would go on
to town and consummate my part of
the trade by handing over the
necessary documents. My numerous
preparations completed, I finally
backed the purple sedan into the road
and headed for the village a mile

away. That is, it is a mile if one goes
the direct way, but at the comer of
my clearing an unpleasant memory
of the night before assailed me, so
that I turned aside on a more circui-
tous road, one that avoided the strip
of woods that had been the scene of
my unusual experience.

  It was noontime as I drove into the
little settlement, a brilliant Southern
noon, with the air like balm and the
entire population out enjoying it.
Children played by the wayside, men
loafed about the streets, women
visited in dooryards, or called to one
another across bits of lawn.

  Suddenly, in the midst of all this
light and life, I felt myself grow
deathly cold, and sensed that I was
no longer driving the car, but that it
was taking its way along the busy
street of its own volition. At almost
the same moment some magnetic
power drew my eyes to the reflector
above the windshield. There, instead
of a reverse picture of the road I had
just traveled, I saw a pair of burn-
ing eyes and a blood-stained, hair-
bedraggled brow. In another instant
the car was turning out for the ice-
truck, and the vision had vanished.

  Having lost all zest for my errand
to the village, I drove straight into
town and to the office of the Hobson
Motor Company. As the manager
recognized me, a hard look came over
his face.

  "What have you come for?” he
demanded somewhat belligerently.

  "To give you these papers—and to
ask some questions.”

  He dropped his head and waited.

  "Who is she?”

  He straightened at my words.
"Then you have seen, too?”

  "Yes, last night and again a few
minutes ago. What does it mean?”

  "God knows.”

  "Did the man who sold the car
know?”

  "He must have, or he wouldn’t
have been so anxious to get rid of it”

  "Why not tell me about it?”
212

WEIRD TALES

  ‘ ‘ There isn’t much to tell—and yet,
a great deal. It was the sixth of
December—I remember the date be-
cause of the unusually heavy rain-
storm that swept over this section
that afternoon. Along about ten
o’clock at night, while the rain was
still pouring, a man drove into the
garage and wanted to leave his car
for the night. Ordinarily I wouldn’t
have been here at that hour, but we
were putting on a new night man
and I had stayed to help him get
started. Usually, too, I don’t pay
any attention to our storage patrons,
since an assistant has them in charge,
but on this occasion, watching to see
that the helper performed his duties
properly and, above all, that he in-
sisted on the car’s being parked in a
remote comer so as to leave as much
space as possible for later machines,
I couldn’t help noticing the stranger,
first because of the magnificent car
he was driving, and second, because
of the extremely soaked condition of
his clothes. How he could have gotten
so wet in such a machine was entirely
beyond my comprehension, especially
since he did not look like the type of
man who attends to his own tire
trouble.

  “All of this being none of my
business, however, I soon forgot about
it in the bustle of starting home. In-
deed I doubt if I would ever have
thought of the incident again if the
assistant hadn’t come to me a week
later and asked what he was to do
about the purple sedan, since it
hadn’t been called for yet and was
more or less in the way. There wasn’t
anything he could do about it, of
course, and since the owner had
looked amply able to pay as large a
storage bill as he felt like running up,
and the car was good for it anyway, I
told the man we wouldn’t worry, but
would just let the matter rest. We
did, for an entire month; then to our
surprize, we received a letter from
the owner, saying he was dissatisfied
with the car and wanted to trade it

—even—for one of our sport sixes, his
only condition being that we were to
deliver the latter. Our car stands at
only sixteen hundred, fully equipped,
so you can imagine we were com-
pletely knocked off the Christmas
tree by his offer. It seemed too good
to be safe, so we immediately started
an investigation. To our surprize,
everything proved to be perfectly
regular; consequently we lost no time
in closing the deal for fear the fellow
would change his mind.

  ‘ ‘ The car being now our own I sent
a man to polish it up, preparatory to
placing it hi the salesroom for dis-
play. I was present when he went
to begin work. He had approached
the machine with the intention of
running it into a part of the room
where the light was better. His hand
on the door, he was about to pull it
open when he suddenly sprang back
with the most horrified exclamation I
have ever heard a man utter. When
I got to him his hands were over his
face, and he was trembling like a leaf.

  “ ‘What on earth is the matter?’
I asked, thinking he had suffered a
stroke.

  “ ‘ A woman! A woman in there! ’
he chattered.

  “ ‘Nonsense, man!’ I began, and
turned to prove the absurdity of his
statement. Half-way in my gesture
I stopped, frozen with horror and
surprize. There on the velvet cush-
ions sat a woman, so horribly bat-
tered and bloody that involuntarily I
closed my eyes to shut out the sight.
When I got control of myself and
looked again I had serious doubts of
my own sanity, for the car was
absolutely empty.

  “From that day we never touched
the purple sedan again. My man
left that night, and I got other help,
but as often as I sent someone to
move the car the woman offered her
silent interference, so that I finally
concluded the big machine was not to
be tampered with. Twice I sent
prospective customers to look at it—
THE PURPLE SEDAN

213

men from out of town who I thought
would not do us much damage by
talking. One of them ran out of the
place screaming, and both thereafter
took their patronage elsewhere. I
tell you, that accursed car has all but
wrecked our business. During the
last month we’ve had ten men in the
Storage room, and besides have lost
two of our best salesmen and the book-
keeper. A sinister influence is bound
to spread, you know.

  "I might as well admit right here
that you looked like an answer to
prayer to me yesterday when I saw
you inspecting the purple sedan at
close range without suffering any
shock from it. Do you know, I would
actually have paid you to take that
magnificent elephant off our hands
rather than let you go away without
it!”

  "Still you asked me a hundred
boot. ’ ’

  "Yes, the business instinct is
strong in most of us. I thought for
a moment, though, that I had spoiled
everything. If I had I suppose it
would have served me right; still,
surely a poor man is excusable for
trying to save something out of a cool
sixteen hundred dollars.”

  "At the expense of innocence?”
The manager shook his head.
‘ ‘ Evidently not. ’ ’

  I laughed mirthlessly. "I’m afraid
that didn’t have anything to do with
it. You see, I really didn’t have the
hundred. ’ ’

  He stared at me blankly.

  As I was rising to leave he made
out to ask, "What are you going to
do with the car?”

  "The only thing there is to do,” I
told him, “keep it.” Again he stared
—stupidly.

T must confess that I was in no
A happy state of mind as I re-
entered the purple sedan. Most of
us, I suppose, have our responsibil-
ities thrust upon us, and of course I
had no right to expect to be an excep-

tion, but to be servant of a ghost!
And I, of all people, who didn 't be-
lieve in ghosts! Yet, didn't I? True,
my mind, influenced by its own
scientific training and the leadership
of a scoffing world, laughed at the
idea of supernatural things, but deep
down in the innermost regions of my
heart, hadn’t I always known they
existed ? Why else that early absorp-
tion of even the smallest detail of my
grandmother’s spirit lore, that un-
conscious retentiveness that made
every light and shadow of it stand
out distinctly after all these years?
And why else, also, my election to
own a haunted car? Of what use
would an unbeliever be to a spirit in
distress? For that matter, under
such circumstances, what use would
a believer be, unless he was equipped
with a deep insight into the ways of
the supernatural? There was the
rub—the reason why I, rather than
someone else, must bear the weight
of this unwelcome burden—the educa-
tion my grandmother had instilled
into me so many years ago. I, prob-
ably alone of all who had comc in
contact with the haunted car, knew
that, once it has laid aside its physical
form, only a soul in torment lingers
upon this earthly sphere, and that its
purpose in so doing: is not to terrorize
or appall its former kind, but to find
one among them who will relieve it
of its burden by performing the
urgent task or mission that itself, in
its unsubstantial state, is helpless to
accomplish. Until it finds such a
person and attains its desires, it may
not take the rest for which it longs.
To one who understands, it is an un-
thinkable thing to leave a soul in
anguish without making the utmost
effort to set it free.

  As to the nature of the burden that
was oppressing my ghostly suppliant
I did not speculate. There was but
one way I could learn that. I must
ask, and ask properly. When I
should ask must depend on the spirit
itself, on the time of its next appear-
214

WEIRD TALES

anee. If it should be that very after-
noon, I must somehow steel myself to
my duty, for there was nothing to be
gained by delay.

  But I was allowed to finish my
drive alone, though I derived very
little comfort from the fact, for I
knew that sooner or later the hour
would come for my interview with
the specter, and the physical part of
me dreaded it—dreaded it more than
I liked to admit; for day after day I
gave myself a perfectly good reason
for declining to drive the purple
sedan, even though my cupboard was
growing unpleasantly empty, and I
knew that important mail was await-
ing me at the post-office.

  But the matter was not left to my
own initiative. One night, an exact
week after I had come into possession
of the haunted car, I awoke from a
deep sleep with the feeling that some-
thing unwonted was astir about the
premises. I raised myself from my
pillow and peered through the win-
dow into the dim night. At first
nothing unusual rewarded my search,
only the shadowy outline of the fence,
the shrubs, and the few outbuildings.
Then close in front of the garage
doors something moved, something
tall and draped and only distinguish-
able from the rest of the night by its
increased shadowiness. Where the
doors joined it paused and stood as if
waiting.

  A cold sweat enveloped my body,
for I knew that the ordeal I had
dreaded was at hand. I slipped out
of bed, however, and in the dark-
ness began to don my clothes. The
luminous hands of the clock on the
dresser pointed slightly past one.

  Having arrayed myself the best I
could for a journey concerning the
nature and destination of which I
had no idea, I stepped resolutely’forth
into the shadowy night. As I rounded
the comer of the garage the dim form
melted away into the shade of the
shrubbery.

T had barely touched the gear lever
A when the big car began backing
out of the garage, and a minute later
we were upon the public road. Except
that the car moved as if guided by
magic, there was no further sign of
my ghostly companion until we were
well beyond the borders of my little
clearing. Then I suddenly became
aware of a familiar sensation at the
back of my neck. No need to turn
around now. In fact I had no in-
clination to do so, but looking straight
ahead, asked in a voice that I myself
barely recognized, “In the name of
the Lord, what do you want ? ’ ’

  A sort of sigh went through the
car, and a voice that had no earthly
quality answered, “Peace.”

   ‘ ‘ Can I help you to find it ? ”

  “You alone can help me.”
  “How?”

  “Cause my body to be taken from
its unhallowed grave and buried in
consecrated ground.”

  “How am I to do this?”

  “Obey.”

  Already we were approaching the
point where the woods road joins the
main highway. Without any gui-
dance on my part the big car swung
to the left and shot like a bullet along
the deserted thoroughfare.

  It seemed but a moment from the
time the village fell behind until the
larger town appeared, and another
until we reached the comer where a
half-dozen trails converge. A white
blur of signboards marked the place,
but as we flashed past, one of them
stood out distinctly. It pointed
straight ahead and was marked
“Miami”.

  On through the night we rushed,
over roads I had never traveled,
through towns I had never seen.
Eventually a thick fog settled, but
the car bore resolutely on, sweeping
the mist-veiled road like the wind,
threading with uncanny deftness the
turns and curves that sprang out of
the night to confound it. At last a
THE PURPLE SEDAN

215

gradual thinning of the darkness pro-
claimed that morning was at hand,
but the fog continued to hold it in
leash. Town after town we passed
without distinguishing more than
occasional early-lit windows. Even
the shoulders of the pavement were
indiscernible through the mist.

  Suddenly I felt a change in the be-
havior of the car. Its bumping and
heaving warned me that something
was wrong. I struggled to get con-
trol, but my arms, curled inertly
around the wheel for so long, were
slow about functioning, so that the
machine had jumped and reeled quite
a distance before I could bring it to a
stop. When I did I discovered that
we had left the pavement and were
now on an old, unused road. The rich
tangle of grass that carpeted it told
me that we were in low country, prob-
ably near a swamp, so that I did not
dare to turn the big machine for fear
of what might be lurking just beyond
the fog. Then I noticed that a golden
glow had begun to brighten the mist
and knew that the sun was struggling
to burst through. While I watched, it
gradually prevailed, dissolving the
dense curtain, now here, now there,
until it finally left disclosed a half-
fallen trapper’s cabin encircled at a
little distance by huge magnolia trees
and cypresses enrobed with Spanish
moss.

  It was a small neck of land on
which I had stopped, so narrow at
that particular spot that the stagnant
swamp waters almost reached the
wheels, but expanding just beyond
into an area large enough for a car to
turn upon, though with no great space
to spare.

  Revolted by my position, I shifted
into low gear and began cautiously to
circle the ancient shanty, keeping as
close to it as I dared out of fear of
the swamp on the right. Suddenly I
discovered that I had hugged the
cabin too closely, that I could not com-
plete the turn without backing up.
Going into reverse, I let the car back

an inch at a time. I had gone but a
few feet when there was a sort of
drop, and the ear stopped. I leaned
out to see what the trouble was and
noticed that the left rear wheel had
sunk rather deeply into the sod and in
doing so had acted like a lever on a
piece of board imbedded there. I
tried to go ahead, but the machine
refused to move. Then I climbed out
and studied the situation. Perhaps
if I could swing the board around in
line with the wheel, I could make a
track sufficiently firm to pull out on.
With that idea in mind, I kicked the
trash from the slightly elevated end,
and, seizing it with both hands, gave
it a sharp jerk. It let go with a snap,
and uttering a scream of horror, I
fell back against the car. There, in a
cavity that, the board had concealed,
was visible the upper part of a human
body, the face earth-strewn and dis-
coloi’ed, but still gruesomely familiar
with its blood-marked brow and di-
sheveled gray hair.

  Somehow I got the car free, some-
how made my way over the bumpy,
unused road to the main highway.
The pavement lay straight as an ar-
row’s path allead, though just before
me it made an abrupt turn to the left.
Which way should I go? Ahead was
the road I had come. Should I take
that now? I tried to consider, but
before I could arrive at any con-
clusion, something above the tree line
over at the left attracted my atten-
tion. It was a slender white cross. I
turned the car quickly in that direc-
tion, and a few minutes later entered
a little town with a church close by
the highway.

  A priest, carrying a bag and an
extra coat, was coming down the steps.
T hailed him. "Come with me —
quick!” I cried before the brakes
had stopped screeching. "I have just
found a dead body!”

  The man hesitated. "Better get an
officer. You see I’m-”

  ‘ ‘ No, you must come yourself—and
call an officer also. ’ ’
216

WEIRD TALES

  At that he turned and ran toward
a near-by house. A few minutes later
he climbed breathlessly in beside me,
and we were leading a sizable proces-
sion back to the falling cabin.

Ayfy companion was the first to reach
the open grave. One glance, and
he turned a horror-stricken face to the
rest of us.

   ‘ ‘ Merciful heaven! ’ ’ he cried. * ‘ This
is Mrs. Drennan! ’ ’

  In the midst of the excitement that
immediately burst forth someone sug-
gested, “Better tell Drennan,” and a
man went to perform the doleful task.

  While the others were milling about
the crude grave, the churchman
turned to me. “I’m glad,” he said,
“glad that you caught me when you
did. The woman was one of my flock,
and in another five minutes I should
have been gone for a three months’
absence. I had a very urgent tele-
gram at one o’clock this morning.”

  By and by the messenger returned
and the crowd made silent way for
his companion.

  I studied Drennan curiously in the
brief moment of his approach. He
was a youngish man. with more than
an average share of good looks, stal-
wart of figure, and expensively ar-
rayed. Distorted as his face was with
emotion, it. was difficult to read any-
thing of the man’s character there,
but some of his minor traits were un-
mistakably recorded in the gorgeous
coloring of his hose and tie.

  Except for the heaving of his shoul-
ders and an occasional dry sob, the
man stood quietly looking into the
grave until the priest took his arm
and drew him gently away.

  I spoke to the churchman. “We’ll
take him back with us,” I suggested
and fell in behind them.

  Arrived at the purple sedan, the
priest was on the point of ushering
his companion inside, when, for the
first time, the latter raised his head.
He gave a sort of gasp, and his face,
already pale, went blue-white. He

dropped his eyes quickly and made as
if to turn round. I would have
stopped him, but the sheriff, rushing
up excitedly, interfered.

  “Sorry, Drennan, but of course you
ought to know. Here’s the instru-
ment that did the deed—a flower vase
apparently. We found it buried with
her.”

  “See if it matches the one in my
car,” I interposed quickly.

  The officer stared at me a moment,
then, reaching inside the sedan, se-
cured my solitary vase. He held the
two side by side while he studied
them.

  “A dead match!” he finally pro-
nounced. Then sternly, to me, * ‘ What
do you know about this ? ’ ’

  “Everything of importance, it
seems. ’ ’

  “What, for instance?”

  *	* Briefly, that some time during the
afternoon of December sixth Jasper
Drennan killed his wife with a flower
vase, and not later than five o’clock
of the same day buried her here be-
hind the cabin.”

  “But that is impossible.” In the
dead silence that followed my state-
ment only the priest found his voice.

  “According to the newspapers, yes.
But in reality Mr. Drennan met his
wife at Sanford that morning three
months ago just as they had planned;
though, because of the earliness of the
hour—the train reaches Sanford at
five-thirty as I happen to know—and
the woman’s inconspicuous appear-
ance, it is likely that no one noticed
them, a probability that the man
seized upon when he was later faced
with the necessity of making explana-
tions. Then, too, the woman’s un-
obtrusiveness while traveling, a habit
with which the husband was doubtless
familiar, helped a great deal to lend
plausibility to his story. As for the
mui’der itself, it is not likely that the
idea ever occurred to him until, in a
burst of anger, the crime was com-
mitted — we have noticed that he
doesn’t have any great control over
THE PURPLE SEDAN

217

his emotions. At least no premedita-
tion is apparent relative to his wife’s
money; for as her manager and
eventual heir he was already sitting
pretty there. But be that as it may,
the killing in all probability didn’t
take place until some time in the
afternoon when the heavy downpour
of rain made the road practically
deserted, and it is reasonable to sup-
pose that, it occurred not far from this
spot,. for a murderer would hardly
dare to carry his victim’s body any
great distance on a public highway in
broad daylight, even in a rainstorm.
And he must have made the burial in
the rain, for he was wringing wet
when he stored his ear in a West Park
garage at ten o’clock that night—you
can see the prints of his wet clothes
on the upholstery yet. As it takes at
least six hours of the wildest kind of
driving to cover the distance between
here and West Park, his gruesome
work must have been done by four
o’clock, especially as he had to lose a
little time when he stopped to tele-
phone his pretended inquiry concern-
ing his wife. That was ‘late in the
afternoon,’ according to the papers,
and it isn’t likely he risked it before

ridding himself of the body-”

  "See here, woman, that is all guess-
work You can’t charge a man with a
crime on such grounds.” It was the
priest who cut in.

  “Is the vase guesswork? It was
missing from the car, it fits the
woman’s wounds, it was found buried

with her-”

  “But it’s your ear it belongs in.
What has this man to do with your
ear?” the sheriff demanded.

  “It was his car on the sixth of
December, the day his wife disap-
peared. He bought it the day before
in Jacksonville.” I opened my bag
and offered the documents in proof of
my words. The sheriff stared at the
uppermost paper; then he turned
abruptly to Drennan. “How about
it, Drennan?” he asked.

  The man seemed remarkably calm
now, but his.voice was tense. "I did
own the car on that date, but while I
was waiting for my wife somebody
drove it away.”

  “And you knew exactly where to
find it a month later when you wanted
to trade it for a light sport roadster.
But never mind about that. We’re
all interested in another point. Would
you mind telling us what the quarrel
was about that caused you to kill your
wife—and throw her body into the
tonneau of the car? Could it by any
chance have been that she objected to
the color scheme of the purple sedan ? ’ ’
The man’s nerves suddenly let go.
“You devil! You fiend! ’ ’ he screamed,
“She told you that!”

  “No,” I told him, “I merely de-
duced it from your clothes.”

  As the sheriff led his prisoner away,
I turned to the shaken priest.
“Fattier,” I said, just to make sure,
“I suppose you’ll take charge of the
body ?’ ’

  He nodded sadly. “When the time
comes. ’ ’

  "Thanks.”

  A feeling of peace descended upon
me as I entered the purple sedan, and
I have driven the car in peace ever
since.
boALVINF

a marlow The Murderer’s Touch

ONE of the most fixed of all
beliefs in centuries past was
that the corpse of a murdered
man would bleed if his assassin came
near him or touched him. A famous
instance of a trial by this practise is
found in Denmark in the Sixteenth
Century. A number of gentlemen
who were in an inn together one eve-
ning fell into a quarrel, and from
words came to blows. The candles
were overturned and in the darkness
a man was stabbed to death. Several
of the party accused an equerry of
the king as the murderer, but he
stoutly denied it.

  Christian II, the king, to discover
the murderer, caused them all to be
assembled in a room around the dead
body as it lay on a bier; and he or-
dered that one after another they
should lay their right hands on the
dead man’s naked breast and swear
their innocence. The gentlemen did
so, and no sign appeared as witness
against them; but the equerry, hold-
ing off until the last, and pretending
great grief, first kissed the dead man’s
feet; then, as he laid his hand on the
breast, the blood gushed forth in
abundance, not only from the dagger-
wound but also from the nostrils of
the corpse. With a great cry of fear,
the guilty man fell on his knees and
confessed his crime.

  “Hereupon,” says an old chron-
icler, "arose that practise (which is

now ordinary in many places) of find-
ing out unknown murderers, which,
by the admirable power of Cod, are
for the most part revealed, either by
the bleeding of the corpse or the open-
ing of its eyes, or some other extraor-
dinary sign, as daily experience
teaches. ’ ’

  On another occasion a traveler was
found murdered on the highway in
Denmark; and, the murderer being
unknown, the magistrates caused one
hand of the victim to be eut off and
hung by a string to the ceiling of the
office of the town prison, where as
months and years passed, it dried and
shriveled.

  Ten years had gone by when one
day a well-known citizen entered the
prison on business. As he spoke to
the jailor, those in the room heard a
dripping sound, and looking up, saw
to their horror that drops of blood
were falling from the withered hand
to the table beneath it.

  For a moment they all gazed,
breathless with stupefaction. Then
the jailor sprang to his feet and
seized the visitor by the collar.

  "You are my prisoner!” he said,
hoarsely. Limp with terror, the man’s
legs sagged beneath him. He was
dragged before a magistrate, where he
sobbed out a confession of his crime,
and a few days later he was sent to
the gallows.

218
The Story Thus Far

'T* HE Interstellar Patrol, under command of Dur
* Nal, meets a vast fleet manned by serpent-
- people from a dying universe, who attack and
destroy the fleet of the Galaxy. Dur Nal and his
crew alone escape, in a captured ship of the
Berpent-peojjle. The invaders establish themselves
on the worlds in the Cancer cluster. Dur Nal and
his crew speed out through the void to ask help
from the Andromeda universe, which has already
repulsed the first invasion of the serpent-people.

6.	Into the Infinite

STANDING at the controls, his
tireless metal figure erect as he
gazed out into the vast black-
ness of cosmic space that lay before
us, Korus Kan turned from that gaze
toward me as I stepped inside the
pilot room. Silently I stepped over
beside him, and silently, as was our
wont, we contemplated the great pan-
orama before us. A stupendous vault
of sheer utter darkness it stretched
about us, darkness broken only by the
misty light of the great universes of
thronging suns that floated here and

there in this vast void through which
we were racing. Behind us our own
galaxy lay, just another of those dim
glows; for hours had passed since we
had launched out into outer space
from its edge, and in those hours our
awful speed had carried us on through
the void through thousands of light-
years of space.

  But though in those hours of flight
our own universe had dwindled to a
mere mist of light, those other misty
patches that were the universes ahead
had hardly grown at all in size or in-
tensity of light, making us realize that
even the vast expanse of space
through which our ship had already
flashed was but a fraction of the gulf
that lay between us and the great
Andromeda universe. Before us the
soft glow that was that universe
seemed a little brighter, a little
larger, but even so I knew that more
than a score of days must elapse be-

               219

 This story began ia WEIRD TALES for July
220

WEIRD TALES

fore even our ship's tremendous
velocity would bring us to it. And
even were we able to secure the help
we needed, it would still be many
days before we could flash back to our
own galaxy, and in those days, I well
knew, the serpent-invaders would be
completing their last plans, tightening
their grip on all the suns and worlds
of the Cancer cluster, and preparing
the way for the vast hordes that soon
would cross the void to pour down on
that cluster, spreading resistlessly
from it across all our galaxy.

  It was with heavy heart that I
gazed ahead, knowing these things,
but my gloomy thoughts were sud-
denly interrupted by an exclamation
from Korus Kan, who had been peer-
ing intently forward into the tene-
brous void, and who now pointed
ahead, toward the right.

  "That flicker of light,” he said:
"you see it?”

  I bent forward, gazing to where he
was pointing in the heavens before us,
and then at last made out in the black-
ness, not far to the right of the glow-
ing Andromeda universe, another
patch of light of equal size, but one
whose light was so dim as only to be
seen with straining eyes. A mere dim
flicker of light it was, in that crowd- •
ing darkness, but as I gazed at it the
nature of it suddenly came clearly to
my mind, and I uttered a low ex-
clamation myself.

  "The universe of the serpent-
ereatures!” I said. "It’s the dying
universe from which they came to in-
vade our own! ’ ’

  He nodded. "Yes. It’s nearer the
Andromeda universe than our own,
too. ’ ’

  I saw that he was right, and that
the two universes, that of Andromeda
and this dim, dying one, lay com-
paratively close to each other, and at
almost equal distances from our own,
the two forming the base of a long,
narrow triangle of which our own
universe was the apex. Together we

gazed toward that dim flicker of light,
in a thoughtful silence. We knew,
even as we gazed, what great prepara-
tions were going on in that dying
universe for the conquest of our own
galaxy, what mighty efforts the ser-
pent-races there were making, to com-
plete their vast fleet and the strange,
huge weapon which the records we
had captured had mentioned, so that
they could flash through the void to
pour down on our galaxy. The knowl-
edge held us wrapped in thought as
our great ship raced on, still holding
to its tremendous utmost velocity,
rocking and swaying a little as it
plunged through the vast ether-cur-
rents which swirled about us here in
outer space.

  Gradually, as we two stood in silence
with our great craft speeding on, I be-
came aware that during the last few
minutes the air inside the pilot room
had become perceptibly warmer, and
that its warmth was still increasing.
I glanced at the dial that registered
the output of our heat-generators, but
it was steady at its accustomed posi-
tion ; yet with each moment the
warmth was increasing, until within
a few minutes more the heat about us
had become decidedly uncomfortable.
Korus Kan, too, had noticed it, and
had now swung backward the control
of the heat-generators; yet still the
warmth increased, the heated air in
the pilot room rapidly becoming un-
bearable. I turned to the Antarian,
fully alarmed now, but as I did so the
door snapped open and Jhul Din
burst up into the pilot room.

  “What’s happening to the ship?”
he cried. "Its inner walls are getting
almost too hot to touch! ’ ’

  In stunned surprize we gazed at
each other, our heating-mechanisms
turned completely off now, yet the in-
side-temperature dial’s arrow was still
moving steadily forward! The thing
was beyond all reason, we knew, and
for an instant we stood in amazement,
the heat increasing still about us.
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

221

Then suddenly Jliul Din pointed up-
ward toward the massed dials above
the controls, his arm quivering.

  "Look!” he cried. "The outside-
temperature dial! ’ ’

  Swiftly we raised our own eyes to-
ward it, the dial upon which was
shown the temperature outside the
ship. It should have shown absolute
zero, we knew, as always in the in-
finite cold of empty space. But now
it did not, and our eyes widened as
we stared at it, in utter astonishment
and fear. For it registered a tem-
perature of thousands of degrees in
the empty void about us!

  “Heat!” I cried. “Heat in empty
outer space! It’s unthinkable! ’ ’

  Unthinkable it was; yet, even as we
stood and stared, the arrow on the
outside-temperatiu’e was still creeping
steadily forward, showing a swiftly
increasing heat outside, while the air
inside had become all but unbreath-
able, parching to the lungs. At the
same moment a faint light began to
appear about us, a dim red glow that
was intensifying with each moment
that we • raced onward, and as we
wheeled toward the windows we saw,
in the blackness of space before us, a
great, faintly glowing region of red
light ahead, stretching across the
heaven before us. Ever stronger that
crimson glow was growing as we raced
on, the heat about us mounting with
it, and from beneath came the cries of
fear of our crew as they too glimpsed
the awful region of heat and light
through which we now were racing.

  I knew that not much longer could
the heat about us increase thus if our
ship and ourselves were to survive,
yet steadily the arrows on the tem-
perature-dials were moving forward,
and as more and more of the awful
heat outside penetrated through the
insulation of our heat-resistant walls
I felt my brain turning dizzily, saw
big Jhul Din stagger and sway against
the wall, and saw Korus Kan, the
heat penetrating through his metal
body even more than through our own,

slumping sidewise across the controls
as he was overcome by it, only half
conscious. I sprang to his side, de-
spite my own dizziness and parching
throat and lungs, grasped the controls
and held our ship straight onward,
since all about us the vast glow of
crimson light and heat stretched, en-
circling us and beating upon us as we
flashed onward. No flame there was,
nor incandescent gas, nor solid burn-
ing matter of any kind, nothing but
a titanic region of brilliant crimson
light, without visible source of any
kind, glowing with terrific heat there
in the emptiness of outer space.

The glow about us was becoming
.more brilliant with each moment
that we raced on, and as the heat out-
side and inside increased still more I
saw Jhul Din fling open the pilot
room’s door in a vain search for cooler
air; heard from beneath a rumbling,
ominous thumping and cracking, as
our heat-seared walls began to warp in
the terrrible temperature to which they
were being subjected. Far ahead in the
awful region of heat and light through
which we were speeding I glimpsed
now a deeper spot of crimson light in
the great red glow, and as we raced
on toward it I saw that it was the cen-
ter of all the gi’eat outpouring of red
light and of heat, since it was all but
blinding in its brilliance, while our
dials showed a temperature mounting
each moment that we neared it.

  “It’s the center of the whole
thing!” cried Jhul Din, staggering
toward me and then slumping down
to the floor, overcome. "Keep the
ship clear of it!” he shouted, collaps-
ing as he did so, while beside me I
saw Korus Kan, completely uncon-
scious, neither the great crustacean
Spican nor the metal-bodied Anta-
rian possessing my own resistance to
the heat that now was smothering us,
though I too knew that not much
longer could I hold to the controls.

  Hold to them I did, though, but
half conscious now myself; then as

r
222

WEIRD TALES

there flamed dead ahead the heart of
the whole great inferno, a blazing area
of brilliant crimson light that dazzled
me, its terrific heat pouring full down
upon our plunging ship, I swung the
controls sidewise, swerving our craft
to the left and around the great heat-
region’s fiery heart. Along its side
we flashed, our ship plunging and
reeling now as it shot through ether-
eurrents that must have been of un-
paralleled size and speed, but even in
that darkness that was stealing over
my senses I could see that in that hell
of light and heat to our right there
was still no core of matter, nothing
but light and heat and space. Full
beside us it flamed as we shot past it,
our rocking ship’s sides still grating
and cracking terribly beneath the
heat that beat upon them, racing past
that awful glare of crimson light and
heat that, was like a colossal forge at
which some mighty workman beat out
flaming suns, blazing in terrific inten-
sity and dimensions there in the void
between universes.

  On we raced, while I strove with all
my waning strength to hold the ship,
bucking and swaying as it was, clear
of the fiery inferno to our right, and
then it was dropping behind, the bril-
liant crimson light and terrible heat
about us lessening a little as we shot
by it. Moments more and it had
dwindled to a deeper spot of light in
the great red-glowing region to our
rear, and then as we flashed still on-
ward at our utmost speed the last of
the light and heat about us were pass-
ing ; so that a moment later, with heat-
mechanisms again switched on, we
were flashing again through the cold
black void as before. With the passing
of the overpowering heat the cracking
of the ship’s sides had ceased, and Ko-
rus Kan and Jhul Din were stagger-
ing to their feet, consciousness return-
ing with the cooler air. Together we
stared back, to where only a swiftly
vanishing little glow of faint red
light in the darkness behind gave evi-

dence of the hell of heat and light
through which we had just come.

  "Heat and light in the void of
outer space!” I cried. "The thing’s
impossible—and yet we came through
it!”

  Korus Kan had been gazing back
with us, but now he turned at my ex-
clamation, shook his head. "Not im-
possible,” he said quickly. "That
heat and that light we came through
were not generated like the usual
heat and light of burning suns—they
were generated in empty space by the
ether itself!” And as we stared
blankly at him he quickly explained
himself. "You know that heat and
light are but vibrations of the ether
of various frequencies, just as are
radio-active or chemical rays, and the
electro-magnetic waves we use for
speech and signaling. Highest of all
in frequency are those electro-mag-
netic waves; next in order of fre-
quency come heat waves; next the red
light vibrations, and down the vari-
ous colors of light to the lower-fre-
quency violet light vibrations; and
below these, lowest of all, the radio-
active or chemical rays. Well, our
scientists have long known that va-
rious of these ether-vibrations have
been set up in the ether of outside
space by the collision of great ether-
currents. By those collisions are
formed sometimes electro-magnetic
vibrations, interfering with our
speech-vibrations as static, or some-
times light-vibrations, glowing with-
out visible source in the heavens and
known to us as the zodiacal light.
Here in the void, though, where
mighty currents of size and speed
inconceivable must collide, the vibra-
tions set up were in the frequency-
range of heat and of the lower adjoin-
ing frequency, that of red light; so
that that region we came through is
one where the immense ether-eurrents
that we plunged through collide and
set up a ceaseless outpouring of heat
and light waves there in the ether, in
empty space itself.”
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

223

   I shook my head. “It seems plau-
 sible,” I said, “yet the reality of it—
 that titanic region of awful heat and

light-”

   “It seems strange enough,” he ad-
 mitted, “but it’s really no stranger
 than if it had been a gi*eat region of

static, or-”

  A sharp cry from the Spican
stabbed through our talk. “The
•walls!” he shouted. “They’re be-
ginning to glow—look-!”

   Startled, we swung about, and then
 the blood drove from my heart at the
 strangeness and awfulness of what we
 saw; for, engrossed in our talk, we
 had not noticed that all in the pilot
 room about us, walls and floor and
 mechanism and controls, was begin-
 ning to shine out with a strange, flick-
 ering luminosity, a misty, fluorescent
 light that with each moment wras wax-
 ing in intensity, a quivering, unfamil-
 iar light that seemed to glow from all
 in our ship, as it raced swaying on,
 though outside was nothing but the
 same blackness of space as before!
 Even as we stared about us, astound-
 ed, our own bodies, and especially the
 metal body of Korus Kan, had begun
 to radiate the same lambent light, and
 then, with a sudden great leap of my
 heart, I saw that the edges and cor-
 ners of the walls about us were
 smoothing and rounding a little,
 crumbling and disappearing a little
 as though slowly disintegrating. At
 the same moment a strange tingling
 shook through every atom of my
 body, a quivering force that flooded
 , through me with increasing intensity.
 Horror-stricken we stood, until
 from one of the levers beside me an
 inch of the handle fell off, a little
 piece of metal that rattled to the floor
 and that wras crumbling slowly, dis-
 integrating, even as did the lever from
 which it had crumbled off. Then
 Korus Kan was leaping toward me,
 across the glowing pilot room.

  “Swerve the ship’s course!” he
 cried, wildly. “ We’ve run into anoth-
 er great region of vibrations—radio-'

 active vibrations that will crumble the
 ship and all in it to pieces in a few
 more moments!”

  I grasped the shining levers, swung
them sharply sidewise, sent our craft
flashing off at a broad angle to its
previous course, but still about us the
glowing light waxed and deepened,
and I felt an infinite nausea overcom-
ing me as through my body surged the
floods of radio-active vibrations from
the ether about us that had caused all
matter in our ship to radiate that
misty light. With each moment the
shining walls about us seemed crum-
bling faster, and I knew that moments
more would see the ship’s end unless
soon we escaped from the great trap
of disintegrating death into which we
had ventured. I felt, too, that not for
long could we ourselves stand the im-
pact of these disintegrating vibra-
tions, felt the tingling that shook my
own glowing flesh increasing in in-
tensity, while all about us, now, tiny
bits of metal were falling from crum-
bling wralls and ceiling and machinery.

  Still grasping the controls, though,
I held the ship to a course aslant from
our previous one, while my two com-
panions tensed with me over them,
gazing ahead, while from beneath
again came wild cries of alarm as
those of our crew, who had already
run the gantlet of the enemies’ death-
beams and of the great heat-region,
saw the new' peril that encompassed
us. There came, too, from somewhere
in the ship, a great thump and clang
of metal as some one of our mechan-
isms there broke loose from its crum-
bling base, but still we flung onward
through the void, rocking and twist-
ing, and in a moment the terrible
tenseness that gripped us lessened a
little as we saw that the glowing of
the walls about us, and of our own
bodies, was beginning to wane, as we
drew out of the zone of deadly force.
A few' more moments of onward flight
and they had vanished altogether, and
then I brought the ship back to its
course, heading once more toward the
224

WEIRD TALES

misty light-patch of the Andromeda
universe, while I drew a long breath
of relief.

'"pHERE was a silence of moments be-
-i -fore Jhul Din, first of us, found
his voice. "Heat regions and radio-
active force regions!” he exclaimed.
‘ ‘ If more of them lie between us and
the Andromeda universe, what’s our
chance of getting there ? ’ ’

  Korus Kan shook his head. "We’ll
get there, ’ ’ he said, ‘ ‘ but we ’11 have to
keep close watch every moment of our
flight—there’s no way of telling how
thickly scattered these great vibra-
tion-regions may lie in space about
us. ’ ’

  A moment more and Jhul Din left
us, passing down into the ship’s body
to ascertain what damage had been
wrought by the great zone of radio-
active force, though we knew that we
had escaped from it before it could
seriously damage the ship. And as I
now relinquished the controls to
Korus Kan, pausing with him a mo-
ment to look out again with some fear-
fulness into the black void through
which we were racing, it was with a
full realization, at last, of the tre-
mendous perils and unguessed cir-
cumstances that might lie in the vast
spaces through which we must yet
flash. Yet as my eyes fell again on the
misty-glowing circle of the Androm-
eda universe, and the sinister, dimly
flickering mass of the dying universe
of the serpent-people, to its right, I
felt my determination steeling again
within me.

  It was the sight of those two far
patches of light ahead, I think, that
held us all to our purpose in the
hours, the days, that followed. Long,
strange days they were, when with no
sun whatever near us we could meas-
ure time only by the great abysses of
space through which our ship was
steadily flashing, computing from
those distances and from our unvary-
ing velocity the passing of the hours.
But with each day, with each hour, we

were racing countless billions of miles
nearer toward the Andromeda uni-
verse, and toward the goal of our
tremendous journey. On and on we
plunged, our prow turned ever toward
that misty circle of light ahead, that
was largening and brightening with
each hour that we sped toward it.

  Thrice, in those following days, we
glimpsed great regions of heat and
crimson light like that through which
we first had plunged, and each time
we were able to swerve away from
them and detour around them in time,
and so escaped a renewal of our first
dread experience of them. More than
once, too, our instruments gave us
warning of zones of radio-active or
electrical force near us, and these we
gave even a wider berth than the heat-
regions, for these we feared most of
all, I think. Ether-currents and vast
ether-maelstroms were about'us, too,
we knew, but the tremendous speed
of our craft brought us flashing
through those where a slower-moving
ship would have perished.

  As it was, one danger that had
menaced us always in navigation in-
side the galaxy, the presence of me-
teors and meteor-swarms, was lack-
ing in our flight. Yet I think
that almost we would have wel-
comed their presence about us, for
all their danger, if only for the
knowledge that some other matter
besides our ship moved and existed
in the mighty void around us. It was
our ship’s isolation, the knowledge
that all about it for countless billions
upon billions of miles, thousands upon
tens of thousands of light-years, there
stretched only the awful regions of
empty space, an ocean of lightless
space in which the galaxies of flaring
suns here and there were but tiny
islands, that oppi’essed us most. Far
behind lay our own galaxy, and far
ahead the Andromeda imiverse; and
between universe and universe, an in-
finitesimal ly tiny speck there in the
mighty void, our ship raced on and
on.
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

225

  But as we added day after meas-
ured day to our flight, as we flashed
nearer and nearer toward the An-
dromeda universe, it slowly began to
change before us, to wax from a little
patch of glowing light to a larger and
brighter patch, and then to a great
oval of light that flamed brilliant in
the blackness of space before us, and
finally to a vast disk-shaped mass of
stars like our own universe. The disk
mass lay in space with edge toward
us, and seen thus, the light of its
countless thronging stars was fused
almost into a single waxing glow, but
as we swept nearer and nearer that
glow began to resolve itself into the
light of the myriad massed suns of
which it was composed. So brightly
flamed those gathering suns in the
heavens before us that only with an
effort could we make out, far toward
the right, the still faint glow of the
dying universe of the serpent-people,
as near to us almost as that of An-
dromeda, yet infinitely dim and dead
in comparison with it.

Steadily we flashed on, day follow-
ing day, until when a score of them
had passed we computed ourselves as
having traversed two-thirds of our
journey, and could see that ever more
swiftly the great universe of stars
ahead was widening across the
heavens. On that twentieth day I
spent hours with Jhul Din in our reg-
ular inspection of the ship’s mech-
anism, passing with him through the
long room where our engineers, de-
pleted in number by the death-beam
that had sliced through our ship,
tended carefully the mighty gener-
ators. Then the Spican and I passed
out of the room, and were proceeding
down the long corridor that led to-
ward the pilot room when there came
suddenly from it, ahead of us, a sharp
cry.

  We stopped short a moment, then
raced down the corridor and burst up
into the pilot room, where Korus Kan

turned swiftly from the controls to-
ward us.

 “Ships are approaching from
ahead!” he cried, pointing up toward
the big space-chart.

  We looked, and saw that even as
he had said there moved upon that
chart a half-hundred black dots, in
close formation, creeping steadily
downward across the blank chart to
meet the upward-creeping dot that
was our ship. In silent amazement we
watched, as our craft raced on, and
then saw that as we neared them the
fifty ships ahead were slowly halting,
and then beginning to move back to-
ward the Andromeda universe in the
same direction as ourselves. They
were allowing, us to slowly overtake
them, obviously intending to race be-
side us at the same speed as ourselves,
toward the Andromeda universe. And
as they made that move Jhul Din
uttered an exclamation.

  ‘ ‘ They must be ships from the An-
dromeda universe itself!” he cried.
“They’ve learned of our approach by
space-charts of some kind—have come
out to meet us! ”

  My heart leapt at the thought, for
if it were so it would mean the first
success of our mission across the void.
Silently we watched, as our ship’s
single dot on the chart raced closer
and closer toward the half-hundi'ed
dots above it, they moving now at a
speed almost equal to our own. With-
in moments we would be able to
glimpse them, we knew, and gazed
tensely into the blackness of space
ahead, toward the Andromeda uni-
verse’s flaring suns, as our craft
raced on. Moments were passing,
tense moments of silence and watch-
fulness, and then far ahead we
glimpsed in the void, hardly to be
seen against the great glow of the
Andromeda universe, a little mass of
light-points that steadily were largen-
ing as we gradually overtook them.

  A full fifty of them in sight, they
were flashing on in a close formation,
226

WEIRD TALES

allowing us to overhaul them, chang-
ing from mere light-points into dark,
vaguely glimpsed shapes as we drove
nearer toward them. Then at last we
had reached them, were driving in
among them as they moved now at
the same speed as ourselves, could see
their shapes more clearly as long and
oval, their front ends white-lit trans-
parent-walled rooms like our own.
Nearer we were flashing to those be-
fore us and about us, and then in
those white-lit control rooms I
glimpsed their occupants, slender,
writhing pale shapes at sight of which
1 cried aloud.

  “Serpent-ships!” I cried. “Ser-
pent-ships from the dying universe
ahead! Those back in our galaxy
from whom we escaped have warned
them of our coming, by the means of
etheric communication their records
mentioned—they know our mission
and they’ve come out to intercept us
here in space!”

  Even as I cried out, Koras Kan’s
hands flashed out to the controls, but
he was an instant too late. For at
that same moment the ships just be-
fore us had turned and circled in one
swift movement, and were rushing
straight back toward us. I had a
flashing glimpse of their white-lit
prows racing toward us through the
intense darkness, and saw with photo-
graphic clearness the slender serpent-
shapes in those brilliantly lit pilot
rooms, and then the foremost ship
loomed suddenly enormous as it
flashed straight toward us. With a
sharp cry Korus Kan drove the con-
trols sidewise to swerve our ship, but
before we could avoid the onrushing
craft ahead it was upon us and with
a terrific, thunderous shock had
crashed straight into our own racing
ship!

7.	The Gates of a Universe

1 think now that it was only that
last, jerking aside of the controls
by Korus Kan that saved us from
utter annihilation in that moment.

For as he moved them our ship
swerved sidewise, not enough to avoid
the collision but enough to cause the
onrushing ship to strike our own
obliquely along the side instead of
head on, and it was that alone that
saved us. The crash shook our great
craft like a leaf in a gale, trembling
and reeling there in the black gulf
of space and flinging us all to the
pilot room’s floor, and for a moment
it seemed to us that our ship had
been riven apart. Then, as it steadied,
we scrambled to our feet, just in time
to see the ship that had crashed into
us reeling away to the side, a shat-
tered mass of metal, while down upon
us from above and all about the other
serpent-ships were swooping.

  As Korus Kan sprang back to the
controls I leapt to the order-tube,
was on the point of shouting a com-
mand to our crew beneath, when
down from the hovering ships above
us there dropped around us a dozen
or more of great flexible ropes or
loops of gleaming metal, that en-
circled our ship like great snares.
Within another instant our craft had
been drawn upward by them until it
lay securely lashed between two of
the enemy ships, our ray-tubes useless
now; since to loose them was but to
perish with the ships that held us.
Then another ship was slanting down
above us, and as it hung over us
there projected downward from its
lower space-door toward our own
upper space-door a hollow tube of
metal of the same diameter as the
two space-doors, that attached itself
with a click to our own upper door,
forming a hermetically sealed gang-
way there between our two ships in
space.

  Until that moment we had stood
motionless in amazement, somewhat
stunned by the suddenness of our
ship’s capture; then as the space-door
of our ship clanged open above I
uttered a cry, sprang out into the
corridor that ran the ship’s length,
and saw the members of our crew
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

227

bursting into that corridor in answer
to my cry, even as from the space-
door chamber beside it there writhed
out a horde of scores of the serpent-
creatures! Jhul Din and Korus Kan
were beside me, now, and with shouts
of fierce anger we rushed upon the
masses of serpent-creatures who still
were pouring down from the ship
above through the hollow gangway.

  The melee that followed was wilder
than when we ourselves had captured
this same ship; since though we and
all our crew flung ourselves forward
upon the things without hesitation,
we were weaponless and outnumbered
by ten to one. As it was, I struck out
with all my power at the hideous,
writhing beings, feeling some of them
collapse beneath my wild blows even
as they strove to coil about me; saw
Korus Kan, with his triple powerful
metal arms, crushing the life from
those who leapt upon him, cool and
silent as ever even in that wild din of
battle; glimpsed the great Spican
grasping those about him in his tre-
mendous arms and literally tearing
them into fragments as we battled on.
But rapidly the members of our crew
who battled about us were going down,
the life crushed from them by the
coiling bodies that overwhelmed us,
and then as I strode on I too was
gripped from beneath, by a serpent-
creature that had wound itself about
my feet, and now pulled me down.

  Struggling in the grip of a half-
dozen of the alien creatures, I heard
Jhul Din shouting hoarsely, saw him
finally pulled from his feet also by a
great mass of the writhing things,
and then Korus Kan and the re-
mainder of our crew were overcome
too, and within another moment all
was over. Scores of the serpent-crea-
tures lay dead about us, but with
them lay many of our own crew; not
more than a bare score were left to
us now of all our party. Gripped
tightly still by the serpent-creatures,
we were thrust down a narrow stair
and into an empty little storeroom

beneath the pilot room, in its metal
walls but a single space-window
giving a view forward. The door
snapped shut as the last of us were
thrust inside, and then our captors
had left us, the lashings that had
snared our ship were cast loose by
the ships on either side, and as the
humming of the generators waxed
loud again our ship and those about
it began to move once more through
space.

  “They’re heading now toward the
dying universe!” exclaimed Korus
Kan, gazing through the single win-
dow into the black gulf outside.
They’re going to take us there as
prisoners!”

  But I too, gazing through the win-
dow at his side, had seen that our
ship’s prow was turning now toward
the right, so that ahead now instead of
the great glowing mass of the An-
dromeda universe there lay the dim,
faintly glowing patch of light that
was the serpent-peoples’ waning uni-
verse. Toward it now our ship and
the ships about us were flashing at
greater and greater speed, and as
they hummed on the despair that had
already gripped me deepened. It was
not the peril in which we ourselves
lay that affected me, for well I knew
that from the moment of our capture
our fate had been sealed, and that
our temporary reprieve from death
meant only that some more horrible
fate awaited us in the dying universe.
It was that the last chance of our
own universe had vanished with our
capture, the last hope to summon
from the Andromeda universe the
help that could save our galaxy gone
now forever.

  In a silence of utter despair I
gazed ahead as our ship and those
about it hummed on, while Jhul Din
and Korus Kan and all the survivors
of our crew prisoned with us main-
tained the same despairing silence.
There was no plan for escape, no
suggestion of it, even, for well we
knew the impossibility of even win-
228

WEIRD TALES

ning clear of the room that was our
prison, not to speak of overcoming
the hordes of serpent-creatures who
now operated our ship. In a strange
apathy of spirit we sat and stood,
hour after hour, speaking little. Our
eyes and minds turned only to the
window through which we could see,
in the black abyss of space ahead,
the faintly glowing universe of the
serpent-people broadening slowly
ahead as our ships raced on at full
speed toward it.

A day passed, and that dying uni-
verse had grown across a full
third of the vault of space before us,
a great, dim-glowing region of flicker-
ing luminescence utterly different
from the radiance of the shining
Andromeda universe, that lay now
far to our left. On and on the ser-
pent-ships raced, unceasingly, hour
upon hour, until at last on the third
day of our imprisonment their speed
began to slacken, the drone of the
great generators falling a little in
pitch as they drew near at last to
their galaxy, that had expanded out-
ward now until it seemed to fill all
the heavens before us, so strange a
spectacle to our eyes that almost
we forgot our own predicament and
despair in contemplation of it.

  Full in the heavens before us it
lay, a mighty galaxy fully as large as
our own, as the Andromeda universe,
but infinitely different, a galaxy not
of life but of death. In all its mighty
mass were no flaming white or blue
or yellow suns like those of our own
galaxy, no brilliant young stars sur-
rounded by circling, sun-warmed
worlds. Here was only a vast forest
of dead and dying suns, stretched
across the heavens, huge throngs of
dark, burned-out stars, cold and black
and barren, that crowded thick upon
one another, with here and there a
few dying suns of dark, smoky red,
somber crimson stars in the last
stages of stellar evolution. It was
with the light of these few alone

 that the great mass faintly glowed,
 an expiring universe in which all
 light and life were sinking into dark-
 ness and death.

   Silent with awe and wonder we
 watched as our ships drove in toward
 this darkening galaxy, and then I
 began to make out, between us and it,
 a strange, constant flicker of blue
 light that seemed to extend all about
 the faint-glowing universe before us.
 Stronger that flicker was growing as
 we sped on toward it, though through
 it there shone clearly as ever the
 light of the crimson suns beyond it.
 At last we seemed racing straight
 into it, and now I saw that it was a
 colossal globular shell of flickering
 blue light, almost invisible, that en-
 closed within itself all the mighty,
 circular mass of the dying universe
 before us. Our ships seemed about
 to flash straight into it, but now
 turned sharply to the left, speeding
 along the great light-bnrrier’s edge.
 A ship beside us, though, had turned
 a little too late and had struck the
 light-wall while turning, and as it did
 so I saw it rebounding back with
 terrific force as though in collision
 with a solid wall, its whole prow
 crumpled by the impact. Then, at
 last, I comprehended the nature of
 this vast shell of flickering blue light
 that enclosed the dying universe.

    "It’s a vibration-wall!” I cried to
 my companions. "A great wall of
 etheric vibrations enclosing all this
 universe! ’ ’

   For I saw now that that was the
 great barrier’s nature. It was a
 mighty shell of perpetual vibrations
 in the ether itself, extending all about
 the universe before us, allowing light
 and electro-magnetic communication
 waves to pass through it, unchanged,
 but excluding and holding out the
 vibrations of matter, by meeting
 them, as I knew must be the case,
 with a vibration of equal frequency
 which opposed them, reflected them
 back, forming a barrier more impen-
 etrable than any of solid matter, yet
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

229

one all but invisible, extending about
all this mighty universe, excluding
from it for all time all matter from
outside. Too, as I was later to learn,
the great vibration-wall was impen-
etrable to the heat-vibrations, reflect-
ing those of its dying suns that
struck it back into the universe in-
side. It was for this purpose that
the vast barrier had been erected, as
the suns of the serpent-people failed,
to prevent the escape of any of the
precious heat-radiations of their few
living suns, and also to place about
all their universe a wall impenetrable
to all invaders. Set in the ether
about their universe eons before, the
vibrations that made up the great
barrier were perpetual and undying,
a vast wall of defense about the
serpent-universe.

  We were flashing close along the
mighty, flickering barrier’s edge,
now, and the speed of our ships
slackened swiftly as there loomed far
ahead in space two great, dark bulks
starred here and there with points of
white light. Moments more and they
had grown to immense size as we
neared them, and now we saw that
these were mighty, square-walled
structures of gleaming metal, each a
full five thousand feet in length along
each of its four sides, and half again
that much in height: two colossal
metal forts that floated motionless
there in space, set directly in the
great wall of flickering blue vibra-
tions, and between which there was
a great opening in that wall, a clear
space in which was no flickering bar-
rier, and which I divined was the
single opening in all the great wall.
And flanking that opening on either
side hung the massive metal struc-
tures, upheld there in the void, as I
guessed, by mighty generators like
those of our own ships, castles of
metal whose countless deadly death-
beam tubes commanded the opening
between them and from whose white-
lit windows the serpent-garrisons of
them gazed out upon us, great space-

forts hung there at the vibration-
wall’s one opening, guarding the
gates of a universe !

  In toward the narrow opening be-
tween the great forts swept our
ships, and as they moved slowly in-
ward there flashed a challenging
signal of lights from those forts, an-
swered at once by similar signals
from our ships. Then we were driving
inward, between the towering metal
castles on either side, flashing in
through the great vibration-wall and
into the dying galaxy itself. With
generators again humming at high
speed our half-hundred ships swept
on, into the thronging thousands of
dead and dying suns that swarmed
before us, inside the colossal protect-
ing shell of the great vibration-wall.

  All about us now were great hordes
of swarming dark-stars that we could
but dimly glimpse, as our ships
flashed between them, vast throngs of
black and burned-out suns that out-
numbered the few still flaming stars
by hundreds to one. Here and there
about us, though, as we swept on,
we could make out a red sun or
two, some comparatively brilliant and
others so dark and far gone that they
seemed only like giant cooling embers
in the black heavens. Clusters there
were, too, of which all but one or
two suns would be black and dead,
and as we flashed on into the depths
of this universe we began to realize
at last what tremendous necessity it
had been that had sent the serpent-
peoples driving out through the limit-
less void in search of a new universe.

  Far ahead, though, there loomed
before us as we sped on a trio of giant
crimson suns more brilliant than
any we had yet seen in this dying
universe, and which hung at its
center, each of them as large as great
Canopus itself in our own galaxy.
In a great triangle they hung there,
two of them much brighter than the
other, a mighty triplet of titanic
waning suns that seemed like the
dying monarehs of the vast and dying
230

WEIRD TALES

realm about them. It was down to-
ward these three great suns that our
ships were slanting now, down toward
the space at the center of their great
triangle, and now we saw that in
that space there swung a single
mighty world, a dark, immense planet
of size inconceivable, almost as large
as the three great suns at whose
center it turned, and whose light and
heat fell perpetually upon it.

Broader and broader the great
turning world was growing as we
slanted down toward it, until it lay
like a tremendous dark shield beneath
us, filling all the heavens below. As
our ships sank still lower toward it,
speed swiftly slackening, we began to
make out details on its surface, to
make out what seemed to be a vast
mass of palely shining structures,
towers and walls and vast, terraced
buildings that glowed all with pale
blue light, indescribably ghostly in
appearance as they soared into the
dusky, crimson light of the three
encircling suns. Here and there
through the masses of these blue-
shining structures ran streets, narrow
openings in which swarmed great
masses of the writhing serpent-people.
And as I gazed down upon this
tremendous city, upon the countless
glowing structures of pale blue light
that made it up, my astonishment at
what I saw broke from me in a
startled cry.

  “This city!” I exclaimed. “Its
buildings are of vibrations like the
great wall around their universe!”

  A city of vibrations! A mighty
city that covered apparently all this
giant planet, and yet whose every
structure was built, not of matter
but of etheric-vibrations that were
matter-resistant like the great wall,
vibrations infinitely more lasting and
impenetrable than any matter, and
projected upward at will into build-
ings of any shape or size. Here and
there in the mighty city, even as we
sped down over it, we could see build-

ings vanishing instantaneously, could
see other mighty buildings springing
as instantly into being, all of the
same pale blue light, reared or
destroyed instantly by snapping on
or off the vibrations that were pro-
jected upward to form them!

  Now, as our ships slanted down
over the vast mass of pale-glowing-
structures that stretched from hori-
zon to horizon, I saw that ahead and
beneath there lay amid those struc-
tures a mighty circular clearing,
scores of miles in diameter and
paved smoothly with the same pale
blue force as the city’s buildings
and streets. In this vast circle,
ranged regularly in long rows, rested
thousands upon countless thousands
of gleaming oval space-ships, in all
stages of completion. Over and among
them, swarming ceaselessly through
them and toiling to complete them,
moved mighty hordes of the serpent-
ereatures, aimed with great tools of
strange design, the thunderous clamor
of their work coming up to us
through the great planet’s air. It
was the immense workshop of the
serpent-races that lay beneath us, I
knew, in which their hordes labored
ceaselessly to complete the mighty
fleet that was to cany them through
the void to our universe!

  It was not the ranks of half-built,
ships, though, nor the toiling throngs
among them, that held our gaze in
the vast circular clearing over which
we were racing. It was the colossal
shape that loomed at that clearing’s
center and that occupied fully half
the area of its vast circle, a stupen-
dous metal cone-structure that rose in
the air before us for fully a score of
miles, the diameter of its base almost
as great, a gigantic, smooth-sided
mountain of metal towering there
above the countless ships and workers
in the great clearing around it, and
above the far-stretching city about
that clearing. Past its side our ships
were speeding, and we could see now
that about it and upon it there
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

231

 labored other great masses of serpent-
 creatures, swarming in and out of the
 heavy doors that swung open in its
 sides at various levels, and lalwring
 upon the great masses of machinery
 that we could glimpse inside. Some
 of these, we saw, were great genera-
 tors like those of our ships, making
 it clear that the vast cone was in-
 < tended to race through space. Then,
 as Korus Kan’s keen eyes peered to-
 ward and into its interior as we
 flashed past, he turned toward us,
 startled.

   "It’s a colossal death-beam pro-
 jector!” he exclaimed. "One that
 can move .through space like their
 ships—and that can stab forth a
 death-beam of unthinkable size! With
 that, when they complete it, they can
 wipe out all life on a whole world
 with a single flash of the stupendous
 beam!”

   Stunned, we gazed toward it as our
 ships flashed past. The tremendous
 cone itself was apparently complete,
 from vast base to the truncated,
 flattened tip. The generators that
 were to move it through space were
 apparently all installed, and the
 great hordes of serpent-workers who
 swarmed in it now were beginning
 to place in it the massed mechanisms
 for the production of the colossal
 death-beam, whieh would be pro-
 jected up through a tremendous, hol-
 low tube or tunnel running up from
 the great cone’s interior to the great,
 round opening at its truncated tip.
 The terrific beam, generated in that
 interior, would flash out of that open-
 ing at the top in whatever direction
 the vast cone itself was headed in
 space, would flash through space with
 its tremendous power for immense
 distances, spreading out fanwise and
 expanding in every direction as it
 flashed on, until it struck the planet
 at which it was aimed, enveloping
 all that planet in its ghostly glow and
 wiping out instantly all life upon it!
 This, then, was the great weapon of
 irresistible power which the captured

records of the serpent-ereatures had
mentioned! And irresistible it was,
I saw now; for with it, when com-
pleted, the serpent-ereatures could
sally foi’th and with one sweep of
the colossal beam destroy all fleets of
space-ships opposing them by anni-
hilating their crews, could descend
upon our universe and with that
same great beam wipe out all life
upon world after world of our galaxy,
swiftly, resistlessly, until in all our
universe was left no living thing
except themselves!

  But now, even as we stared in hor-
ror and amazement at the vast cone,
our ships were driving past it, still
over the great clearing filled with
close-ranked masses of the lialf-built
ships, initil before and beneath us lay
the mighty circle’s edge. And now
we saw that beyond it, touching it,
there lay another smaller circle of
clear space, amid the vast city’s
crowding structures of blue light, a
circle from which throngs of space-
ships were constantly rising and upon
which others were descending, it be-
ing obviously one of the points of
departure and arrival for all ships.
Down toward it our own ships were
speeding, slower with every moment,
until at last they had landed at this
smaller circle’s edge, our own closest
to that edge, the pale-glowing mighty
buildings towering up just beside us.

  Then the spaee-doors of our ships
were clanging open, and their oc-
cupants were writhing forth from
them. A moment and the door of
our prison snapped open; then,
herded forward by a half-dozen of
serpent-ereatures armed with small
death-beam tubes, we were marched
out of the ship and onto the smooth
pavement of blue force that covered
this circle also. There, massed to-
gether, we were halted for a moment,
and took the opportunity to stare
about. From the ships behind us, just
landed, the last of the serpent-crews
had writhed forth, passing across to
a narrow street that opened through
232

WEIRD TALES

the mass of towering, shimmering
buildings before us, from the circular
clearing’s edge. We ourselves were
being marched toward that street,
now, the great oval ships lying empty
and deserted behind us, and at sight
of their open doors I turned and
twitched the arm of Jhul Din, walk-
ing beside me.

  “It’s a chance in a million to get-
away!” I whispered, to him and to
Koras Kan. “If we can overpower
these guards and get back inside our
ship-”

  They turned toward me, startled,
and then as they glanced back toward
the deserted ships their eyes lit with
excitement. A moment more and I
had whispered my plan, glancing
toward the half-dozen guards behind
us, and then the next moment we put
it into effect, Jhul Din suddenly
slumping to the blue-force pavement
and lying motionless, sprawled as
though suddenly stricken down. It
was the most primitive of ruses, and
I could only hope in that moment
that our guards might not have had
experience of it. The next moment,
though, they had seen the motionless
form of the big Spiean, and with a
natural perplexity had writhed for-
ward toward it, holding their beam-
tubes, though, gripped in the coils of
their strange bodies, alertly toward
ourselves. Beside the big crustacean
they halted, tubes trained still upon
us as they inspected him. Then the
next moment the Spican had reached
out his great arms with inconceivable
swiftness and suddenness, grasping
the serpent-guards beside him before
they could turn their tubes down
upon him, -threshing with them in
sudden fierce battle as Ave rushed
forward to aid him.

 The next moment we were all
struggling there with those guards in
a wild melee, their deadly tubes
knocked from their grasp by Jhul Din
in his leap upon them. With the
strength and fury of despair we flung
ourselves upon them, rending their

writhing bodies to fragments as they
sought to coil about us, our hoarse
shouts rising above their own hissing
cries of fear and alarm. In but a
moment, it seemed, we were crushing
the last of them beneath us, Jhul Din
and one or two of our crew leaping
already toward the open door of our
ship, while we staggered up to follow.
But as we did so there came from
behind us other hissing cries, and we
whirled about, then stopped short.
For back from the street into which
they had just gone were rushing the
serpent-crews of the ships behind us,
a resistless horde that was flashing
upon us with the ghostly death-beams
of their tubes stabbing full toward
us!

  8.	The Hall of the Living Dead

Racing forward as they were, .the
serpent-creatures rushing upon
us could only loose their death-beams
at chance upon us, and it was that
alone that saved us, the deadly rays
going wide except for one that struck
and annihilated two of our party in
its wild whirling. Then, before they
could loose the beams again upon us,
we had rushed forward to meet them
and were among them; while at the
same moment I shouted hoarsely over
my shoulder to Jhul Din, who with
his three follower's had reached now
the open door of our ship, behind us,
and who now had hesitated for an
instant as he saw our new foes rush
down upon us.

   ‘ ‘ Go on, Jhul Din ! ” I cried. ‘ ‘ Get
away in the ship—we’ll hold them till
you get clear-!”

  Then we were meeting the serpent-
creatures before us, and the next
few moments we seemed surrounded,
weighed down, by a solid mass of
writhing bodies at which we struck
crazily with the last of our strength.
Even as we struggled wildly, though,
I heard above the shouts and hissing
cries about me the clang of the ship’s
space-doors, the swift humming of its
generators; then as I staggered clear
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

233

of my opponents for a moment I saw
the great craft, with Jhul Din at the
controls in its pilot room, lifting
suddenly from the clearing, slanting
steeply upward at immense speed, van-
ishing almost instantly in the crimson
sunlight above. I yelled with exulta-
tion at the sight, and then was pulled
down once more by my opponents,
held tightly with Korus Kan and the
others, as with wild hissing cries the
greater part of the serpent-creatures
rushed to their ships.

  A moment more and two score of
their craft were shooting sharply up-
ward in hot pursuit of Jhul Din and
his fleeing ship. Held tightly by our
serpent-captors, we waited with them
the return of the pursuing ships.
Would they catch the big Spican?
Slowly the minutes dragged past,
while in the gulf of space above us,
we knew, Jhul Din and his three
followers were racing, twisting, fight-
ing against that remorseless pursuit
that would track him by the space-
charts. Then at last, after a wait
that seemed eternities in length, the
dark, long shapes of the ships that
had pursued him drove down from
above and landed beside us, their
serpent-crews emerging, but with-
out trace of Jhul Din or his ship.
Whether he had managed to elude
them and drive out between the great
space-forts into open space and
escape, or whether he had met his
end beneath their death-beams, we
could not say nor guess.

  I knew, though, that they would
hardly have given up the pursuit un-
successfully so soon, and it was with
doubt and fear in my heart that I rose
now in response to the motioned com-
mands of our captors. Guarding us
now with a score or more of death-
beam tubes they marched us across
the circle toward the street that
opened from it, and then down that
street’s length, between the mighty
structures of blue force on either
side. Half-transparent as were those
buildings of pale blue light, we could

see in them all the various floors and
levels, as though in buildings of blue
glass, and on those levels great ranks
of half-glimpsed mechanisms tended
by moving, writhing throngs of ser-
pent-beings. Other throngs of them
moved about us in the narrow street,
from building to building, passing
and repassing around us as we
marched along.

  To these, though, and to the build-
ings about us we paid but small at-
tention ; for at the end of the narrow
street down which we were marching
there loomed a great blue-shining
structure of the same vibration as the
others, but which dwarfed them by
its tremendous size. Its vast, terraced
sides slanted up for level upon
mighty level, and as we neared it we
saw that the street itself ended in it,
passing through the high, great door-
way before us into the shining struc-
ture’s interior. In and out of it were
pouring hordes of the serpent-crea-
tures, and into it we were marched
by our guards, through the great
hall inside and on through a suc-
cession of other corridors in which
writhed serpent-throngs. Through
the open doors of the l’ooms along
those corridors, as we passed by
them, I could see serpent-creatures
grouped about low, desklike plat-
forms, could see massed rows of great
mechanisms that seemed tabulating
or recording machines of some sort,
saw other great rooms filled with flex-
ible metal rolls like those we had
captured with our oval ship, great
collections of written records, and
realized that this huge building must
hold within itself the central con-
trolling government of all the l’aces
of the serpent-creatures, on this great
central world and on the worlds that
revolved about the few living suns in
the universe about us.

  Our captors halted us, at last, be-
fore a door heavily guarded by ser-
pent-creatures with ray-tubes, and
while one of our own guards passed
through the door into the great rooms
234

WEIRD TALES

we could glimpse inside, the remain-
der kept close watch upon us. I
sensed that our own fate was being
decided in those rooms beside us, and
a few moments later saw that my
guess had been right, for there came
out the serpent-creature who had
gone in, giving to our guards brief
hissing orders. At once they marched
us onward, emerging again into the
great central hall that ran through
the vast, blue-shimmering building,
and progressing with us down that
great, crowded corridor, until they
turned us sharply to the right,
through a big open door into a mighty
hall or room, the nature and purpose
of which we could not grasp for the
moment.

  It was filled with great, transpar-
ent cases, ranged in long, regular
rows, extending from flickering blue-
light wall to wall of the vast hall. In
those cases there were shapes and fig-
ures, rigid and unmoving, that had ap-
parently once been living things, and
that were of a strangeness inconceiv-
able. In hundreds, in thousands,
they were grouped there in the pro-
tecting cases, beasts and beings all
but indescribable in appearance, so
strange were they even to our eyes,
which had seen all the countless forms
of life of our own galaxy. There was,
in a ease near us, a vast flat thing
of white flesh, disklike and scores of
feet in diameter, with a single staring
eye at its center. In another case was
a great, many-legged cylinder of flesh
without discernible features what-
ever. In still another, just before us,
a black, powerful-looking insect-shape
that was apparently double-headed,
with two sets of black, beady eyes.
All down the great hall’s length
stretched the rows of cases, filled with
beings of which the sight of some
alone was a creeping horror, and as
we gazed at that incredible collection
of alien forms in amazement, its
significance rushed upon me.

  "It’s a museum!” I exclaimed.
"A great collection of the living

forms that have existed in this dying
universe—preserved here for count-
less ages, perhaps, out of the past!”

  As I spoke, though, there were
coming down toward us from the far
end of the great hall two serpent-
creatures who seemed the custodians
of this strange collection. Our guards
addressed to them a few hissing com-
mands, and the two turned, seemed
to survey the cases about them, while
we stared in perplexity. Then one
turned toward a niche inset in the
wall, in which rested two transparent
containers or tubes of liquid, one of
bright red and the other of green, and
a long, slender metal needle that was
apparently a hypodermic of some
sort. Thrusting the needle into the
red liquid, the serpent-creature hold-
ing it advanced to the case nearest
us, which contained only the double-
headed insect-ereature. He swung the
side of the case open, and then, with
a swift jab, inserted the needle in
the body of the thing inside.

  There was a moment of silence, and
then, to our amazement and horror,
the insect-thing moved, its eyes roving
from side to side, its limbs twitching.
The thing was alive! The two ser-
pent-creatures stepped toward the
case, as it came to life, holding death-
beam tubes toward it and addressing
it in hissing tones. Apparently it was
of some intelligence, for in response
to those orders it stepped outside the
case, down the hall toward another
case which was all but filled by other
strange shapes. Into this it stepped,
at the command of the two, and then
the one with the needle filled it with
the green fluid, and inserted this in
turn into the thing’s body. At once
that body stiffened, ceased to move,
the thing becoming as rigid and un-
lifelike in appearance as before, its
eyes staring stonily ahead in all the
appearance of death.

  Horror filled me at the sight, hor-
ror that sickened me, for I saw now
that the things about us, the count-
less strange shapes in these rows of
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

235

eases, were all as alive and conscious
as ourselves, their life and intel-
ligence unharmed but their bodies
thrown into a state of rigid suspended
animation by the insertion of the
green fluid into them, a fluid that
must be like the poisons with which
some insects are able to keep their
captured prey alive and unmoving
indefinitely, a fluid that suspended
all animation instantly and that could
only be neutralized by the injection
of the opposing red fluid, though
always the victim remained conscious
and alive. Alive! These myriad
alien shapes about us—rigid and
motionless, yet living and conscious,
living perhaps for ages in that
living death—my brain reeled at the
thought. I turned to Korus Kan,
sick with horror, but then stopped
short, stiffened. For now the serpent-
creature grasping the metal needle
and the tube of green fluid was
coming toward us!

  All the horror of the fate intended
for us burst across my brain in one
flash of awful comprehension, then,
and a strangled cry broke from me.
‘ ‘ They ’re going to keep us here too! ’ ’
I cried, pointing with trembling
hand. “Keep us here as strange
beings—in living death in this muse-
um of strange beings!”

A moment we stood, in horror-
stricken silence, and then as the
full awfulness of the thing reserved
for us penetrated the brains of my
companions they uttered a medley of
hoarse shouts of rage and horror and
as one leapt forward upon the ser-
pent-creatures with the fluid-tubes
and upon our guards.

  I think that we expected no better
than death in that moment, for the
death-beam tubes of the guards were
full upon us, but I think too that we
all preferred a swift, clean death to
the horror of living death that
awaited us in this museum of hell.
But the very motive that made us
desire death prevented the guards

from loosing it upon us, preferring to
follow their orders and place us in
the collection about us rather than
annihilate us. P’or instead of loosing
the rays, as we sprang, they leapt to
meet us, at the same time giving
utterance to loud, hissing cries of
alarm.

  Our guards outnumbered us, and
though we leapt upon them with all
the energy of horror and despair,
striving to WTcst the death-tubes from
their grasp, they coiled about and
held us, while into the great hall
from the big corridor outside there
rushed in answer to their alarm other
scores of serpent-creatures, leaping
likewise upon us. Wearied as we
were and outnumbered by five to one,
our struggle, though fierce, was of
short duration, and then we were
held completely by the creatures
about us, while toward us again came
the two serpent-creatures with the
metal needle and two liquid-tubes.
First toward me they came, dipping
the needle into the green liquid and
then stabbing it into my arm.

  I shrank deeply as the sharp needle
pierced my skin, but the next moment
ceased to shrink, as through me there
ran a wave of cold, a flood of utter
iciness that held me motionless, un-
able to move. No muscle of mine,
down to the smallest, could I control,
lying there staring straight ahead,
unmoving, unwinking, unbrcathing
even. My lungs, my heart, my blood,
ail had stopped moving in the instant
that the poison flooded through me, yet
my brain was as clear or clearer than
ever, coldly clear, as though attached
to it was no body whatever. My
senses, though, still functioned, and
though all power of motion had left
me I could still see and hear as
clearly as ever. It was as though my
brain had been suddenly lifted from
the mass of flesh that was my body,
and endowed with a strange, lifeless
life of its own.

  Now the guards rose from me,
leaving me lying motionless and rigid,
236

WEIRD TALES

and turned toward Koms Kan, who
was being held down by others. His
metal body seemed to puzzle them for
an instant, and then they solved the
problem by injecting the needle of
green fluid into the nerve-tissues at
the edge of his eyes, from which it
would spread instantly to the other
living organs cased by his metal body.
Another moment and he too lay like
me, rigid and powerless to move, our
eyes meeting in an unchanging, stony
stare. Within minutes more the green
fluid had been injected into the last
of our score of followers, and we had
all become but rigid living statues,
our consciousness and senses alone un-
affected. Then by the serpent-erea-
tures we were set into the transparent
case from which the double-headed
insect-thing had been moved to make
way for us, were placed in a sitting
position with backs against the case’s
sides, and then it was closed and the
guards passed out of the big hall,
leaving in it only the two serpent-
ereatures who were its custodians.

  Rigid, unmoving, unbreathing, yet
with consciousness, mind and senses
as clear as ever, living brains eased
in bodies that were helpless and mo-
tionless, I think that no position of
any in all time could have been more
terrible than ours. Had conscious-
ness been suspended also, with the
powers of our bodies, the captivity we
suffered would have been but a
dreamless sleep, at least; but to allow
our consciousness and intelligence to
remain, our bodies severed from our
control—that was a torture that
surely none other could ever equal.
Statuelike we sat there, while hour
followed hour, gazing always in the
same direction with unmoving and
unwinking eyes. Certainly no wonder
would it have been had we gone mad
in the first hours of that ghastly,
terrible imprisonment.

  As the hours, the days, dragged
past, though, I bent all my mental
efforts toward the keeping of my
sanity, and though at times my brain

reeled beneath our terrible pre-
dicament, I desperately forced my
thoughts into other channels. From
where I sat I could gaze out into the
great corridor outside the room, and
that at least gave me something
moving to contemplate, as through it
swept the never-ceasing hordes of
the serpent-people, a rush of activity
that dwindled never until the rising
of the darkest of the three suns
marked the coming of the night, the
sleep-period of the serpent-people.
The light of that darker sun was so
far dimmer than that of the other two
that as this world turned between the
three one-third of each day was spent
in a dusky red darkness, a strange
night in which all activity in the vast
serpent-city about us seemed to cease,
only our room’s two serpent-guards
and some others here and there out-
side remaining alert, our two room-
guards being replaced at the begin-
ning of each night by two others who
alternated with them in their duties.

  It was these things alone, though,
the coming of night and the changing
of our guards, the cessation and re-
commencement of the activity in the
corridor outside, the waning and wax-
ing of the crimson light that fell
through the great building’s flicker-
ing blue vibration-walls, that alone
marked for us the passage of time.
Day was following day while we sat
on there in living death, unmoving as
stones, and I knew that with each
day the great fleet of the serpent-
ereatures I had glimpsed in the clear-
ing would be approaching nearer to
completion, as would the colossal
death-beam cone with which they
meant to wipe out all the races of all
the galaxy’s worlds. And we, on
whom had rested the one chance of
our universe, had failed—we were
prisoners. I could not believe that
Jhul Din, with his two or three fol-
lowers, had managed to get through
the great vibration-wall about this
universe and speed to the Andromeda
universe for help. Our last hope
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

237

was gone, and the last hope of our
galaxy with it, prisoned as we were
in the helpless flesh of our own bodies,
from which there could be no escape,
lacking even the power to destroy
ourselves and end our endless torture.

The passing days became blurred
and confused in my mind, as wo
sat on there, and I felt that my brain
was beginning to give at last beneath
the awful strain. Time still I could
roughly measure, though, by the
waning of activity in the corridor
outside, by the darkening of the crim-
son light that slanted through the
pale-blue walls. I think that it was
on the tenth day of our imprison-
ment that I watched that light dark-
ening, as always, wondering for how
many times I was to see it thus, for
how many days, years, ages, we were
to lie in this living death, in the
serpent-creatures ’ museum. As I
watched, the passing throngs in the
corridor outside were thinning, dis-
appearing, with the coming of the
dusky night, and soon there was almost
complete silence about us, only the
low hissing of the two serpent-guards,
uear the room’s door, as they con-
versed there, bi*eaking the stillness.
Then suddenly my brooding thoughts
were broken into by sharp surprize as
I glimpsed a big. stealthy shape that
showed itself for a moment in the
corridor outside, and then dodged
swiftly back.

  With a sudden flame of excitement
leaping in me for the first time since
our imprisonment, I gazed toward the
door, eyes immoving as always. A
moment more and the dark, erect
shape that I had glimpsed outside
came slowly into view once more,
peering around the door’s edge at
the two serpent-guards, who for the
moment were turned away from it.
Seeing this, the lurking shape came
slowly into the room, through the
door from the shadows of the cor-
ridor, and as it did so I saw it clearly,
and well it was for me that I could

not speak or surely I would have
shouted aloud. For it was Jhul Din!

  A great wave of hope flooded
through my brain as I saw the big
Spican move stealthily inside, a thick
metal bar in his grasp, his eyes roving
about the dusky-lit great room. Then,
as they fell upon our own case, upon
us sitting motionless, I saw him gasp.
A moment he surveyed us, my eyes
staring stonily straight into his own
as we sat still rigid and unmoving,
and then he had turned, was moving
silently toward the two unsuspecting
guards. Closer he crept toward them,
while I watched in an agony of
suspense, and then as he reached them,
raised his great bar above his head, the
two creatures, warned by some slight
sound, whirled suddenly around and
confronted him!

  Instantly the death-tubes they held
came up, but in the moment that they
did so Jhul Din’s bar had smashed
down upon them in a great, crushing
blow that laid both lifeless on the blue
force-fioor. Then the Spican sprang
to our case, opening its side and lifting
us out, seeking with rough restorative
measures to revive us. Yet we lay as
silent and rigid as ever, and I saw
despair creep into his eyes, could have
shouted to him in my agony of mind
had not my muscles been as far-sev-
ered from my brain’s control as ever.
Then the Spican raised from his fruit-
less efforts, gazed despairingly about,
until his eyes fell upon the niche in
the wall that held the tubes of red
and green fluid. With a leap he was
upon them, bringing them and the
needle back toward us.

  A moment he studied them, in
doubt, then inserted the needle in the
green fluid and pierced my forearm
with it. I eoukl have screamed to him
his mistake had I had power of speech,
for the green fluid injected into me
had no effect upon me whatever, since
I lay already beneath its force. See-
ing this he swiftly made trial of the
red fluid, injecting this in the same
manner into my body, and then, as he
238

WEIRD TALES

gazed anxiously down upon my rigid
figure, I felt a sudden warmth flood-
ing through me, and for the first time
in all those days became aware of my
body, felt muscles and limbs moving
in answer to my will’s commands,
felt heart and breathing starting after
their long cessation. Then I was stag-
gering up to my feet, the Spican’s
great arm about me, reeling upward
with muscles utterly strange and
cramped after those days of living
death.

  “Jhul Din!” I cried, my voice
strange to my own ears after that
time of speechlessness, and he gripped
my arm reassuringly.

 “Steady, Dur Nal,” he said.
“You're out of that now, and we’11
win clear of this hellish city yet. ’ ’

  As he spoke he was dropping to the
floor, injecting swiftly into the bodies
of the rest the red fluid, beginning
with Korus Kan, and as he did so he
explained to me swiftly how he and
his three followers had managed to
elude the ships that had pursued him
by fleeing from them into a near-by
cluster of dead and dying suns, and
pretending to have perished by crash-
ing into a great dark star, landing his
ship upon its barren, bumed-out sur-
face and escaping the scrutiny of the
pursuing ships, vvho returned in the
belief that he and his ship had met
annihilation. In that hiding-place,
upon that black and airless and light-
less star, he had remained for days,
not daring to venture forth amid the
swarms of serpent-ships that filled the
space-1 anes about him, yet resolved to
return and ascertain our fate. When
at last, days later, he had been able to
venture out, back to this vast world
and down upon it through the dusky
night, he had boldly landed the ship
where it would excite no suspicion, in
the landing-circle from which he had
first escaped in it. Then, leaving his
little crew of thi’ee in it and stealing
through the shadows of the silent
streets toward the great central build-
ine where he hoped against hope to

find some trace of us, he had made
his way through the darkened corri-
dors of the huge structure until he
had stumbled upon the strange muse-
um of the serpent-people where we
were prisoned.

  While he swiftly explained this to
me Korus Kan and our followers were
staggering up beside me as the injec-
tions of red fluid revived them, one
by one, and I turned toward the door,
then uttered a horror-stricken ex-
clamation. For in the corridor out-
side a single serpent-ereature faced
us, attracted perhaps by the sound of
our voices, its glassy eyes full upon
us! Even in the instant that I saw
it, before ever I could leap upon it,
it had turned with incredible quick-
ness and was flashing back down the
corridor, farther into the great build-
ing, uttering as it did so a high, hiss-
ing cry. And in an instant that cry
was taken up and re-echoed in all the
great structure about us, by the
roused serpent-creatures who were
rushing in answer to it!

  “The alarm!” I cried. “Out of
the building and to the ship!”

  With lightning swiftness now Jhul
Din was injecting in the last of our
followers the restorative red fluid, and
then as those last ones stumbled up
into consciousness beside us, we raced
toward the door, out into the corridor.
There, abruptly, we stopped short,
our last wild hopes of escape in that
instant blasted. For less than a
thousand feet down the great corridor
from us, pouring out into it from
every quarter of the vast building’s
interior in answer to the hissing cries
of alarm, there was racing down upon
us a great mass of hundreds upon
hundreds of the writhing serpent-
creatures !

9.	A Dash for Freedom

Doom stared at us in that instant
as the serpent-creatures rushed
down the great corridor toward us, for
well we knew that never could we win
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

239

our way down the long street to our
waiting ship with that pursuit behind
us. For a flashing moment as we
stood there, stunned, it seemed that
recapture was inevitable, and then as
a sudden thought flared across my
brain I cried out to my companions.

  *	‘ Get out of the building! ’ ’ I cried.
"I can hold them here-!”

  They hesitated, and then sprang
down the corridor toward the street,
while at the same instant I leapt into
the great museum-hall from which we
had just emerged. With a single
bound I had grasped the needle and
tube of restorative red fluid and was
at the great ti’ansparent cases, rip-
ping the sides open frantically and
stabbing the needle with lightning
swiftness into their occupants. Those
in a dozen or more cases I had swiftly
treated thus before I dropped the tube
and needle and leapt back to the door,
into the corridor. As I did so I had
seen the first of the strange, terrible
shapes I had touched with the needle
beginning to stir, to move from their
cases.

  As I sprang back out into'the cor-
ridor, though, the racing masses of
the serpent-ereatures were but a scant
hundred feet behind me, my own com-
panions racing out of the building
ahead of me, now. The serpent-
thin gs loosed no rays upon us, desii’-
ing, I knew, to return us to that hell
of living death from which we had
escaped, but as I sprang down the
corridor they were so close behind
that another moment, I knew, would
see my capture and that of my friends
ahead. Then, just as the serpent-
ereatures, racing behind me, reached
the door of the museum, they halted,
recoiled. For out into the corridor
from that museum-hall had flopped a
great, terrible shape, the mighty disk
of pale flesh with a single central eye
that my needle had been first to re-
vive !

. Instantly it had moved upon the
serpent-ereatures upon whom its
glaring eye fell, and before they could

escape had thrown its vast disk of
flesh about a mass of scores of them,
bunching its body swiftly together
then with terrific power and crushing
them within it. At another mass of
them it leapt, ravening with terrific
fury after its prisonment of untold
ages of living death, while out of the
museum there came after it the other
shapes I had revived, awful insect-
beings that leapt upon the serpent-
ereatures with terrible claws and
fangs, heedless of the death-beams
that flashed toward them, many-
limbed things of flesh that whirled
forward as fiercely to the attack, gro-
tesque, terrible monsters of a dozen
different sorts that leapt now upon
the serpent-ereatures who had pris-
oned them for ages with inconceivable
raging power, heaping about them
great masses of crushed and mangled
serpent-dead.

  Only in a glance over my shoulder
did I glimpse that massacre of the
serpent-ereatures behind me, for I was
racing on down the corridor and out
of the building into the narrow street,
where my friends awaited me. With
a word I explained to them what had
happened, and instantly we set off
down the street, between the great,
towering buildings of beaming blue
force that lay silent and dead now in
the dusky darkness, only their own
flickering light and that of the vast,
dim-red sun that swung in the black
heavens above lighting us forward as
we raced on. Behind, though, in the
great building from which we had
fled, were rising appalling cries, the
hissing utterances of the serpent-
ereatures and the strange and awful
cries of the things with which they
battled.

  Now about us were rising other
cries as the serpent-ereatures across
all the city began to rouse beneath the
terrific din of the wild fight in the
central building. Behind us, as we
raced on down the narrow street, we
saw them emerging from the build-
ings, gazing about, and then as we
240

WEIRD TALES

were glimpsed, fleeing toward the
landing-circle where lay the ships,
other cries went up and after us leapt
the serpent-things from all along the
street, pouring into that street from
its buildings and from adjacent
streets and racing after us.

  But a few hundred yards ahead lay
the landing-circle, and as we ran on
we could make out the gleaming, great
shapes of the oval ships lying upon
it, could discern the shape of our own
awaiting ship, at the circle’s edge, its
door open before us. Toward that
black opening, as toward some tre-
mendous magnet, we stumbled on with
the last of our strength, but close be-
hind came the serpent-creatures in
ever-increasing masses, the alarm
spreading now over all the gigantic
city about us, and there lay still a dis-
tance that seemed infinite between us
and that open door. Then, when we
were but a scant hundred feet from
it, the serpent-creatures hardly more
than that behind us, Korus Kan
slipped, stumbled and went down.

  We wheeled around, reaching down
to help him up, but halted even as we
did so. For the serpent-creatures be-
hind us were within yards of us now,
hissing cries of triumph rising from
them as they writhed toward us.
Then, in the next moment, from the
great, looming bulk of our ship ahead
there stabbed down and over us a
shaft of blinding crimson light, a nar-
row, deadly ray that struck the writh-
ing masses of our pursuers and swept
through them in a great, slicing curve,
sending them into annihilation in daz-
zling bursts of light as it touched
them. Those farther behind came
racing on, nevertheless, but before
they could reach us we had stumbled
on and into the ship, and with space-
doors clanging and generators sud-
denly droning loud, our ship shot up
into the darkness just in time to
escape a dozen pale death-beams that
sprang toward us from the mass of
our pursuers.

  Up into the darkness above the vast,

blue-glowing city we flashed, Jhul
Din and Korus Kan and I bursting up
into the pilot room and replacing our
follower there whose timely action
had saved us. Beneath us the whole
city was rising as the alarm spread,
lights flashing out here and there'
among its buildings, serpent-hordes
pouring into the streets, while from
the landing-circle from which we had
just risen there shot up after us a
dozen long gleaming oval ships, in
close pursuit. So swiftly were they
after us that before we had fully
realized their nearness, their death-
beams were sweeping and slicing
through the darkness about us. I
shouted a swift order, Korus Kan
whirled the controls about and sent
our ship flashing straight back into
the mass of our dozen pursuers, and
then wre had leapt through them, our
red rays striking right and left as we
did so, and two of their great craft
had flared there in the darkness above
the great city in blinding crimson
light, and we were racing up into the
darkness again with the ten remaining
ships farther behind, but still speed-
ing on our track.

  Upward we shot with terrific speed,
and in a moment the vast, turning
world beneath, covered with the mass-
es of blue force-struetures, had con-
tracted and dwindled to a mere point
beneath us as we fled up and outward
into space. As we flashed up from it,
though, I had glimpsed rising from
it a full five hundred serpent-ships,
with a score of the great disk attrac-
tion-ships, and as these lifted to fol-
low the ten that leapt close behind us,
I saw that the serpent-creatures were
taking no slightest chance of our
escape. I turned to Korus Kan,
swiftly, as our craft leapt upward,
shouting to him above the droning
roar of the generators that filled our
craft now.

 “Head straight out toward the
great vibration-wall—toward the open-
ing in it!” I cried.

  “We’ll never get through that open-
OUTSIDE THE UNIVERSE

241

rag—between the spaee-forts!” Jhul
Din exclaimed. "They’ll have re-
ceived word of our escape, and will be
waiting for us!”

  I	shook my head. "We’ll have to
run between them and take our
chance!” I yelled. "It’s our one
chance of escape from this universe 1”

XTowthe giant central world beneath
^ was no longer visible, as we raced
upward and outward from it at ter-
rific speed, and ahead loomed one of
the three giant suns that lay about
that world. We were leaping forward
straight toward it, and in an instant
it had broadened across the heavens to
a stupendous disk of raging crimson
fire, a thunderous, titanic sun into
which we seemed inevitably doomed to
plunge, but as it flared across the
firmament before us Korus Kan
swerved the controls, and we were
flashing by it, past the red star’s edge
and on outward through the dying
univei-He. Traveling at a speed that
was all but suicidal to use inside any
universe, thrumming on at all but our
utmost velocity, we reeled outward
through the throngs of dead and dying
stars about us, while behind us at a
speed that matched our own our ten
pursuers eame relentlessly on, with the
five hundred-odd ships that we had
seen rising from the serpent-eity fol-
lowing us hi turn.

  Out—out—the minutes of that mad
outward flight through the dying uni-
verse are but a confused, strange
memory of a wild, awful race through
the massed dead and dying star's that
thronged thick about us, and between
which we drove with such terrific
swiftness that hardly could we glimpse
them in passing save on our space-
chart. On that chart I saw a close-
massed cluster of dark suns full be-
fore us, saw the Antarian swing the
ship lightninglike sidewise to avoid it,
then sharply drive the controls back
again as before us a crimson-flaming
star about which turned countless

  worlds of the serpent-people loomed
before us. Out—out—flashing crazily
on past crimson sun and thundering
dark-star, through the massed suns of
great dead and dying clusters and
past far-swinging planets, with the
ten long ships behind clinging re-
morselessly to uk—out—out—until far
ahead there became visible across all
the heavens before us the wavering
pale blue light of the great vibration-
wall that encircled this universe.

  Out between the last, of the dying
universe’s dark and dying suns we
were racing, toward that mighty wall,
and as we leapt forward I pointed to-
ward it. "The space-forts!” I ex-
claimed. "Make for the opening
between them, Korus Kan—and slack-
en speed a little!”

  Straight toward the two gre;:t
metal structures set in the pale blut-
shining wall we leapt, two huge for-
tresses of gleaming metal from whose
narrow openings came brilliant white
light, whose mighty death-beam tubes
swung threateningly out toward the
space between them, the single vibra-
tion less opening in the vast and im-
penetrable •vibration-wall. They had
been warned, were ready for us, we
knew, and knew too that not even by
a miracle could our ship run between,
those towering forte without coming
under the deadly beams, yet still
toward them we leapt, at a speed
slackened a little, now, while after us
like leaping things of prey eame the
ten ships, rapidly overhauling us,
flashing closer each moment.

  We had almost reached the great
opening in the wall, now, the ten
ships behind almost upon us, and as
we flashed through spaee the v/hole
scene was like one from some weird
dream—the thronging dark and dying
suns of the great universe behind us,
the tremendous, all but invisible, pa^e
blue wall of light that enclosed it, the
single opening in that wall full before
us, guarded on either side by the
mighty metal space-forts, the great
ships leaping after us just behind.

W. T.—3
242

WEIRD TALES

We were flashing into the narrow
opening—from tlie great space-forts
to right and left the deadly death-
beams were stabbing out toward us in
scores, in hundreds—the ships behind
were almost upon us, their own
death-beams stabbing toward us—and
then I cried a single word to Korus
Kan. He thrust the controls suddenly
forwai'd with a lightninglike move,
and just as our ship was flashing
into jtlie narrow opening it dipped
sharply downward instead and plum-
meted down through space while the
ships just behind, before they could
dip with us, had rushed into the open-
ing and into the hell of death-beams
that crossed and recrossed in it from
the space-forts on each side!

  The next instant, while we curved
swiftly upward again, we saw the ten
ships that had rushed into that open-
ing whirling blindly about as the
death-beams from their own space-
forts seared through them and wiped
out all life inside them. Those in the
great space-forts, realizing those ten
to be their own ships, had turned off
the beams in the next moment but
were an instant too late, since in the
narrow opening the ten ships were
whirling crazily to that side and this,
without guiding intelligence inside
them, smashing into each other and
into the space-forts on each side as
they rushed insanely in all directions.
And even as that wild confusion in-
side the opening was at its height our
own ship had curved up and was
flashing at full speed into the open-
ing, between the space-forts!

  For an instant, in that wild chaos
of whirling ships, those in the space-
forts did not glimpse our own flying
ship and in that instant we were half
through the great opening between
them. Then they had seen us, had
loosed their beams upon us in scores,
and in the next instant all about us
seemed a single tremendous melee of
aimlessly whirling ships, and gigantic
space-forts, and pale death-beams that
sliced and swept about its. Thick
about us flashed those ghostly fingers
of death, and full before us two of the
whirling ships collided and smashed
with terrific force, then Korus Kan
had dodged them by a swift shifting
of the controls, our generators roared
suddenly louder as he turned on our
utmost speed, and the crazy chaos of
ships and beams and forts about us
had suddenly vanished, replaced by
darkness and silence xmutterable.

  We were through, were racing out
into the void again with the great
vibration-wall and the dying universe
it enclosed and the pursuing serpent-
ships inside it dropping farther be-
hind each moment! In the blackness
that encircled us the dying universe
was a far-flung, dwindling glow be-
hind us, and our own a far patch of
misty light to the left, but there shone
in the darknes far ahead a misty disk
of radiant light, and it was toward
this that our ship was heading. For
we were flashing out again upon our
interrupted mission, were flying out
through the awful gulf of outer space
once more toward the Andromeda
universe!

The thrilling events that occurred in the Andromeda universe
will be narrated in next month1 s chapters
of this story
THUDOL-CHA/ER

   BY.BARR.Y-/COBEE

“He leaped through the fire as the voices of the
people rose to a screech.”

YOU are right, seiior, I compre-
hend them perfectly. I have
led no fewer than three on the
long journey into the jungles. They
are very strange. Each male—I know
nothing of the women — has in his
heart one great passion, an idol that
he bows down to and worships and
slaves for and makes sacrifices to,
even to the sacrificing of his family,
or his life, or his own happiness.

  I am told that every day in North
America—in your country, sir—the
natives rush about hither and thither
in the wildest confusion, each bent
upon serving that special passion
which is in his heart, so that they col-
lide, vehicles smash, the weak are
trampled upon. Is that true, senorf
But pardon, it is perhaps not the dis-
creet inquiry.

  Have you a match ? Thanks. Yes,

I will accept a cigarette, since you
offer it. But it was only that I de-
sired a match to whittle down for a
toothpick.

  Those three Yankees—la-la! Each
with the hard thing in his heart. John
Axe, he was for gold. He must have
it. But what he brought from the
jungles, sir, was an arrow wound and
a fever.

  And the man Thripp, hunter of
bugs. Yes. Given to it day and night
to the exclusion of mercy for those
who served him.

  And the man that named himself
Professor Erie Lincoln Dobro. What
do you think, senor, was his idol ? The
strangest of all. The seeking of the
Ultimate Sanctuary, the Law of Hap-
piness, the Point of Eternal Serenity.
Yes. Ha-ha-ha!

  The moment the news reached the

                                  243
244

WEIR'D TALES

plaza that a stranger from North
America was in town I hurried to his
hotel with a collection of curios that
I had gathered on the trip with the
bug-hunter. To a room like this,
senor, where you and I sit beside this
table. But he did not invite me to sit
comfortably. He was a tall, lean man
with hard and eutting eyes, very im-
patient.

  "What have you?” he sang out the
instant I pushed the door open. "I
do not wish to buy fruit, or curios, or
statues of the saints. Finish quickly
and depart.”

  I am not alert to take offense, sir. I
hastily dumped the contents of my
wicker on his table—a savage priest's
feather head-dress, a withered hand, a
condor’s talon, a dart-blower, a neck-
lace or two of teeth, a little dried hu-
man head of the Jivaros that had
come my way in trade, such odds and
ends.

  A stale wild jungle fragrance—a
stench, sir, that had been accumulat-
ing since the case was last open,
puffed up into our faces.

  "Smell it!” Dobro squeaked, plung-
ing his long beak into the thick of it.
"You have brought the jungle to me
in a bag. ’ ’

  A green fire lit his sharp, cold eyes.

  He clawed among my offerings,
brushing them aside contemptuously,
muttering that they would not inter-
est a third-rate museum, until he hit
upon the most insignificant object of
all—a crude little human figure on a
pedestal molded in clay and roughly
burnt. He seized it up in both hands
and gaped at it.

  That figure, sir, was a curious thing.
The pedestal was shaped like a basin.
It represented a mud-puddle. And
knee-deep in the puddle stood the
little figure. It was as if a human
being had risen up out of that puddle
into the world. Mud ran down the
body, dripped from the ends of the
hands. Black mud that stuck on like
clabber milk. Mud was on the head,
and mud covered the face. It was an

ugly thing, a revolting thing, sir. But
a work of art — savage, degrading
jungle art.

  "Where did this come from?” that
Dobro demanded hoarsely—he spoke
and understood Spanish with the same
fluency that I pei*ceive is yours, sir.
"What sort of people made this?” ho
flung. "Speak, you stupid chunk!”
I am not a slave to be bawled at—
la-la! My deliberate answer was to
pluck that object from his fingers and
set it up on my own palm and hold,
it out, tantalizing him.

  That man stared, sir, and paled, He
leaned toward it, and at the same time
he pulled away from it. He was tike a
man tempted by perdition.

  “God!” he cried out; "what an
obscenity!”

  “Obscenity?” I protested, think-
ing he was preparing to offer me a
low price. “Senor,” I said with dig-
nity, "its value lies in that it is a
consummate depiction of stupidity.”
He did not heed me. His eyes
were fastened upon that thing, and
they were so hot with a green cold
fire that I stared at it too, trying to
see what he saw, wondering if its
value might be more than I had
suspected.

  I regarded it a long time with the
thoughts of a man of mature expe-
riences, but I could make out noth-
ing of consequence. It did not
express anything at all except a
human being as low as a river animat
rising up out of its bed of mud.

  That was what I saw' then, and it
was all that I was ever able to per-
ceive afterward, though that Dobro
saw other things—la-la! Amazing,
astounding, incredible things, sir.

  ‘ ‘ God! ’ ’ said Dobro again, looking
at the figure filling my palms so neat-
ly. "God, it is the essence of stupid-
ity. It is a symbol of mankind rising
from mindlessness. It is emerging
from the door that I have long sought
to go back through. ’ ’ .

  He snatched it from me and hugged
THE IDOL-CHASER

245

it to his breast like a fierce and
hungry beast.

  “Where did you get this?” he
thundered suddenly. “Whei’e did it
come from? Speak up, man! Don’t
stand there like a gaping yokel. ’ ’

  To calm him I told him how an
indio of the jungles had given it to the
bug-hunter, who threw it away into
the wet mold of the deep forest, and
how I, recognizing its value and inter-
est, had retrieved it and carried it all
that long journey back across the
mountains to civilization. Which was
the positive truth, sir.

  “But who made it?” Dobro in-
sisted. ‘ ‘ Who was the artist ? ’ ’

  “One of the tribe,” I answered.

  “Ah, you know that?” His words
gouged like a stiff finger. “You know
that?”

  “Yes,” I said.

  “You can furnish proof?”

  “Yes.”

   *	‘ What proof ? ” he spat at me.

  “I saw one of the tribe rise from
the mud like that,” I told him.

  His steely eyes that had no com-
passion whatever penetrated me, sir,
for a full minute.

   *	* If you are lying, ’ ’ he said at last
like the hiss of a viper, “I will kill
you!’ ’

  He jerked his chair over against the
door and sat down in it, so that I
could not have escaped even had I
been alarmed and disposed to run
away from there and get out into the
blessed sunlight of the plaza.

  “Now, my man,” he said, “you and
I are going to make a contract right
here and now for you to guide me
across the mountains and into the
selfsame wilderness where you got that
image and saw that emergence from
the mud. ’ ’

  I protested that my health had been
ruined by the other two journeys, that
I was a sick man, that my family was
poor and needed my constant pres-
ence. Which was, and is, the absolute
truth, sir. But he was very liberal in
his offers. An admirable trait of the

Yankees, 110? So we arranged for me
to conduct him.

  And you would go to study the
trees, senor? Is it the lumber that
you are interested in? Or rubber?
But you need not answer. I am not
of the inquisitive soi’t. It is none of
my affair.

Whew ! That was a terrific jour-
ney with Dobro. I mop my fore-
head, thus, when I think of it. Only
a great deal of money could persuade
me again. After many hardships, in
which I bore the burdens of all, we at
last arrived in the steaming valleys
of those headwater tributaries of the
Amazon.

  From the very first this Professor
Eric Lincoln Dobro—he said the Eric
stood for Scandinavian blood in his
veins, the Lincoln for Anglo-Saxon,
and the Dobro for Southern Euro-
pean. I do not know. That was too
much for me. But I do swear he had
the look of a long-faced Spaniard. As
I started to say, from the first this
man kept prattling at my ear about
the Tribe of the Mud—did they do
this and did they do that? Which
was but natural, considering that I
was the only educated man with him.
The others were but indios who
deserted us every day or two, so
that we were continually employing
new ones.

  When we at last began to find the
wild and flitting tribes in those sweat-
ing jungles, this Dobro’s curiosity
knew no appeasing. He spoke with
many of the chiefs and wizai'ds—
through me, of course, for I make
fluent use of many dialects—beseech-
ing them always for the secrets of
their mystic tribal rites, and inquir-
ing constantly where the Tribe of the
Mud was to be found.

  Those Indians were very timorous
and would run away. But twice by
gifts we persuaded a handful or two
to put 011 their ritualistic ceremonies.
Once we arrived at a village where a
dance was beginning. Dobro danced
24S

WEIRD TALES

with them. Yes. He stripped to a
breeeh-rag, hung about his neck the
hot entrails of a fowl that he killed
with his own hands, as the savages
were doing, and danced till he fell
exhausted.

  I was revolted, sir. That is the ab-
solute truth. I expostulated with him
as one gentleman to another. He
pushed me away with his bloody
hands and Hew into a rage.

  "Leave off! ” he shouted with a mad
look in his eyes. "Stop your inter-
fering. I will not be hindered. I, I
who search for the Law of Happiness,
the Ultimate Sanctuary, the Place of
Eternal Serenity. I, I who have es-
chewed the common means—women
and war, the ordinary sciences, com-
merce, and utopias, and religion. Bah!
I explore the unexplored. Stand aside.
I will not be blocked by the brother
of an ox.”

  Brother of an ox—to me, senor!
But I did not take offense. He did not
truly mean me. He did not look at
me when he said it, His darting eyes
were upon his own thoughts. He was
never a man to hold conversation
with. He could not hold to a subject.
He could not hear other men’s talk.
He would break into the middle of
your conversation, or stop in the
middle of his own and forget to go on.
But he was forever prattling his
phrases to the air. Flighty as the wind.

  The Law of Happiness—was not
1 hat amusing, sir? I could have told
him what it was: A bit of money, an
industrious wife, a moderate number
of children—eight or ten—a recent
shriving, a comfortable bench in the
plaza—and a few other things—a
few—other things—la-la, it is best
perhaps not to pursue that, sir.
Money, wife, children, priest's ben-
ediction, bench in the sun, and stop.

  La-la—the Ultimate Sanctuary. . . .

  "And what if you find it?” I
asked him once.

  His eyes burned green and fierce
and unseeing, up through the tree-
tops.

  "I shall be the greatest seieatist
in the world!” he cried out like aa
orator. "I shall have served hu-
manity. ’ ’

  “If you don’t find it?” I persisted,
just to hear what he would say, for I
am not inquisitive.

  His countenance fell. He looked
at the ground a long time before he
spoke.

  “If I don’t find it—the integrity
of science must be carried on.” He
was very meek. “If I don’t—I shall
nevertheless give to the world what
I do find. That is the integrity of
science.”

  My heart went out to him, sir, in
that moment of meekness, though I
did not understand him clearly. Not
that I am not highly intelligent. But
he talked in riddles. Yet his meek-
ness soon vanished, and he kept on
with his mercilessness, worshiping
that passion, that hard idol that was
in his heart.

  He knew no rest. He would lie on
his belly close beside the light of a
smudge fire by night and write end-
less reams of fine script and mutter.
By day he drove himself, and me,
and those indios, through the twi-
light paths of those ever-growing,
ever-perishing jungles. Of the little
handfuls of flitting people that we
found he made continual inquiry for
the Tribe of the Mud, and the more
he saw of low and stupid and revolt-
ing humanity the more obsessed he
became.

 He was like men who become
slaves of the opium, who ever need
more and more to satisfy their flesh
until their appetite outstrips their
capacity and can no longer be satis-
fied. That is the way of flesh, sir.
It can not be satisfied. Only reason
can be satisfied.

  I did not think this out so phil-
osophically in the jungle. No. We
were too busy fighting the mosquito,
the jaguar, and the vampire bat that
sucks the blood. I arrived at these
weighty conclusions here iti the ease
THE 3D0L-CHASER

247

of the plaza •weeks afterward when I
brought all my intelligence to bear—
and talked somewhat with scientific
friends, and the priest.

 We went hither and thither in
search of those people of the mud.
One river was the replica of another.
And at last he began childishly to
chide me with an inability to find the
tribe we had set out to see. He was a
madman, sir.

  However, in due time, by God’s—
you need not start, senor. I often
cross myself when I mention His
name. My elbow striking the edge of
the table and the tiny cigarette end
was merely an accident. Eh—another
cigarette? I do not object, since you
offer it.

  As 1 was saying, in due time, by
(rod’s gift to me of a surpassing skill
in junglecraft, 1 was able to pfenetrate
the mazes of that sweating wilderness
and arrive in triumph at the Tribe of
the Ultimate Secret..

Tyt7E came upon them without wam-
VV ing jn a dusky glade. Two or
three stood in a pool of mud laving
their naked bodies with slow motions.
A dozen, a score of others, wallowed
in the black mess or lay along the rim
of the basin in sluggish lassitude.

  How shall I make you see that pic-
ture, senor? They did not flee. They
were not startled. They watched us
with iazy eyes, stupid eyes. They
were like crocodiles. They were —
Dobro used a phrase—ah, "like pre-
historic amphibians that had not ac-
quired sufficient life to crawl out from
under the clumsy feet of the mam-
moths. ’ ’

  We watched them throughout the
afternoon. The finding of them was
like a sedative to Dobro—in one way.
His madness vanished. He became
quiet and studious. Bat inside him,
it was plain to see, a great tenseness
and expectation were at work. He
approached them by slow degrees.
Finally he was close enough to squat
and touch one. It squeaked like a

load when you punch it with your
finger, and wriggled barely out of
reach, and Jay still with eyes blinking
sluggishly.

  As the afternoon wore on I knew
that Dobro was up to something, sir.
He was too subdued outwardly, too
excited within. Toward night he
placed all his written notes in the rub-
ber bag and sealed it, and put the bag
into the leather case and stuffed it
into my knapsack. Then he turned
on me.

  "You!” he said. "Rub the sleep
out of your eyes and listen to me.
D 'you hear ? See these written pages
of mine? You are to take them in the

packet just as they are to the Amer-
ican consul, if something happens to
me—if I do not come back. Do you
understand ? ’ ’

  *	* If you do not come back! ” I re-
peated in astonishment. "You are
quite somewhere now, in this trackless
jungle. Whither else can you go ? ”

  He tossed his head angrily. He sat
down on the ground before me in ex-
aggerated patience.

  "0 admirable comrade,” he said,
seething inside, "I perceive that I
must explain the unexplainable to a
brother of the ox, lest you spill the
beans this night. Try, try, I prithee,
try once to comprehend.”

  You see, sir, he was of a madness.
We had no beans. But not too mad to
marshal his thoughts and presently
proceed.

  ‘ ‘ The Law of Happiness, ’ ’ he began
in a restrained tone, "the Ultimate
Sanctuary, is not to be found in any-
thing that humanity knows. All that
humanity conceives of is but broken
dishes from which to eat. I scorn its
every phase. The Law and the Sanc-
tuary may lie in the next world, if
such a world there be, but I can not
go forward into it and return with a
message. The Law and the Sanctuary
may lie back in the world from which
mankind emerged. It may lie just
back of that point where mind first
243

WEIRD TALES

flickered in flesh. I intend—I intend
to go back—to see! ”

  Ilis voice broke, sir, and rose shril-
ly. He bit his lip and strove to hold
his enforced calmness.

  “These people,” he continued, “are
the low ebb of humanity. It is plain
to see they are in the midst of some
remarkable ritual or undertaking.
They appear to be withdrawing their
minds from the flesh—appear now to
be almost mindless.”

  Again his voice flew up. And this
time he went on without bringing it
under submission, flinging words into
my face.

  “I mean to join them! I mean to
do what they do. I mean to think
what they think. I mean to go with
them to the very point of flesh-with-
out-mind. Mayhap for a moment on
beyond that port into the other world
—and find the Ultimate Sanctuary in

—some static condition-”

  He could keep calm no longer, sir.
He sprang up. He paced back and
forth. His hands opened and clenched.
He ilung a command at me.

  “You, whatever happens tonight,
do you not interfere! This is the op-
portunity I have long sought. These
people are the Path and the Door and
the Key. Keep you off your meddling
hands.”

  Then again in a moment:

  “Do you comprehend, brother of
the ox, do you comprehend all that I
have said?”

“Oh, certainly,” I assured him.
“Yes, indeed. And I shall retain
every word in my incomparable mem-
ory and repeat them to civilization.”
“Do precisely that,” he said.

  In these last moments the swift
tropic night had fallen like a weight.
We were in a sea of darkness through
which we might not swim up to any
surface. As if it were a signal Dobro
stripped off his ragged garments,
what few were left to us. I could see
his white body vaguely in the black-
ness. Suddenly he flung his arm out
and whispered:

  “What is that behind you?”

  I jerked around. Nothing was
there. I turned back. Dobro was
gone. He had used that ancient ruse
to vanish from my sight.

  I searched twice around that pool
of mud for him, being careful not to
step on those things. I shouted thrice
into the jungle, but the walls of the
glade only threw my voice back at me
like shattered stones.

  I was distraught, sir. I sat down
with my back to a tree. I was very
weary also. I had not slept since day-
break. I must have inadvertently
dozed off; for the next thing that I
knew Dobro was shaking me and
gouging me painfully with the tines
of out' eating-fork and hissing in my
ear.

 “Wake up, pig!” Thus he ad-
dressed me in his mad fashion. “Make
an outer}* and I will impale your
tongue. Listen with care. The indios
are departing. Assemble our packs
and follow. But have a care that you
do not alarm them. ’ ’

  I leaped alertly to my feet. The
moon had risen high up. It lighted
the glade. That Dobro, sir, was like
a black ghost, mud from head to foot.
He gave me a start, I tell you! With
a final gouge Dobro disappeared.

  I proceeded to put our belongings
into the bags, including his discarded
garments. In the midst of this there
came a sudden and inexplicable sound
from the jungle. It was like nothing
that I had ever heard in all my wide
experience. It was a hollow sound,
or many sounds, without definite lo-
cation. For one mad moment, sir, I
thought it came from the man in the
moon.

  I am a courageous man, sir. There
is none braver. But in that moment
I fell upon my knees beseeching God
and the blessed Virgin and several of
the saints to preserve me whole for
my family’s sake. While I was thus
engaged in holy fervor that Dobro ap-
proached me from the rear, and set
THE IDOL-CHASER

249

his muddy foot midway of my shoul-
ders and tumbled me over on my face.

  "Knock off with that howling su-
perstition,” he ordered briskly, “and
bring those packs.”

  It is not good luck to kick over a
man at prayer. It is sacrilegious.
But I hold no animosity against Senor
Dobro, seeing what happened to him.

By the time I was up and had the
packs on my back those savages
and Dobro himself had passed through
a black spot in the jungle wall. I fol-
lowed and found myself in the usual
narrow wilderness path, hard-packed
and moist, with roots and vines to trip
the unwary feet, and leaves to
scratch one’s ears. Once my hand
closed upon a serpent and it licked
my cheek with its forked tongue. A
bad sign. Another time Dobro eame
looking for me back along the trail,
groping with a stick like a blind man.
He punched me in the face with it,
sir, cutting my lip. Behold the slight
puckering scar that remains to this
day. Ordinarily I conceal it with a
cigarette.

  Thanks. I will. The entire packet?
What beneficence! The sort that I
myself admii’e and practise.

  The inexplicable sound that I had
heard went on far ahead of the pro-
cession. As we advanced it became
drowned in the drone of a waterfall
that we had heard throughout the day
and that now became louder and
louder as I progressed.

  After quite a while I saw a fire
gleaming through the interstices of
the jungle. I judged the indios had
arrived at their destination, and pro-
ceeded with caution. At the last I
crawled on my hands and knees. Thus
it was that I came to another glade
and was able to see, lying flat on my
stomach behind a spray of leaves, the
whole scene before me.

  And what a scene, sir. La-la! The
huge branches of vast trees formed a
canopy through which no gleam of the
stars was visible. In the middle of

the open space was a great basin of
thin mud. Beside the basin a huge
fire burned. And ringing the glade
around was a line of savages sitting
on the ground and hugging their knees
—old men and women and children and
babes in arms. The glade was at the
very brink of the cataract that had
been roaring in my ears. A mist rose
from it, lighted weirdly by that fire
and rising into the canopy of leaves
and black branches like steam from a
witch’s cauldron.

  At one point in the ring wei’e
grouped the mud-covered savages that
we had first seen. I perceived now
that they were the strong and hardy
ones of the tribe, men and women.
The great crackling fire was between
them and the pool of glistening mud.
They sat motionless, stupid. I made
out Dobro among them, in the rear
rank. He was distinguishable by his
superior height and size. He sat like
the others, hugging his knees—though
I could see his mud-caked head lift now
and then and turn this way and that.
No doubt those green and cutting
eyes of his were taking in the sights.

  Presently I became conscious of a
new sound over the roar of the water-
fall—and that inexplicable sound that
had alarmed me was explained. It
was made by men grunting and chant-
ing into the open ends of some sort
of bamboo contrivances — a hollow,
booming sound, as vague and strange,
sir, as anything that ever I heard.

  As this grew in rising volume the
old men began to beat on tom-toms.
At first this was barely audible, but.
gradually it grew louder and louder.
Then I noticed that the lips of all the
people, save the mud-covered ones,
were moving. Slowly, gradually, their
volume rose and chimed in with the
booming and the tom-tom beating—a
chanting, wailing, thumping, booming
diapason ever swelling louder and
higher and wilder.

  Sir, to me this savage music was the
very voice of the jungle. The voice of
mystery. The voice of savagery. It
250

WEIRD TALES

stirred in me an emotion that I could
not express in words, could not express
even in my own thoughts. Fear, lonely
longing, ecstasy—a sad ecstacy from
the throbbing, sobbing pulse of a con-
fused and wondering world.

  The pulsing and sobbing and wail-
ing rose to their height. My flesh
crept. My heart seemed about to
break. Then from out of that knot
of mud-caked savages a man rose up.
His eyes were strangely upon that
fire and the glistening smooth sur-
face of the mud beyond. He sprang
forward. He leaped through the fire
as the voices of the people rose in a
screech. He plunged feet first into the
black pool. He sank from sight. He
did not come up. He did not appear
again.

  While I drew my panting breaths,
sir, another mud-caked figure arose.
He stared at the fire fanatically. He
ran and leaped through the flames,
and shot straight down into the mud.
The surface had not settled when
another arose and followed. And
others, one after another, eager,
fanatical. And all the while the tom-
toms beat, the bamboos boomed, and
the people wailed.

  I am always alert, sir, but I had
forgotten that I was in charge of that
madman Dobro. When I remem-
bered, only a handful of the mud-
caked savages were left. I made
haste, I tell you, to save him. I
crawled through the vines and foliage
of the jungle to seize him from behind
and drag him to safety. But that
jungle was dense and held me like
hands. When at last, by my superior
strength and determination, I came
up behind the point where he sat and
was ready to reach out, all the others
were gone and Dobro was just rising
to his feet. In a step he was beyond
my grasp.

  I think, sir, those savages in the pool
where we first came upon them had not
told the other tribespeople about Do-
bro 's and my presence. Perhaps they
did not speak in the course of their

ritual. When that ring of people saw
the huge height of Dobro and per-
ceived that a stranger was among
them, their music and their wailing
stumbled, and then rose again.

  Dobro hesitated. I suspect he was
wondering what was beneath that
glistening surface. I felt pity for
that lone, slightly stooped figure
standing there, a supreme fool. But
he was a man of courage, sir! Only >
a second did he pause; then he too
sprang forward, leaped through the
fire, and plunged out of sight in the
black pool.

  The music and the wailing stopped
off short. The night seemed so still
that it was a moment before I caught
again the roar of the cataract. The
musicians gathered up their tom-toms
and hooting instruments, stuck them
under their arms, and started away,
for all the world like musicians at the
close of a concei*t in the city plaza.
The women took their children, and
the whole tribe filed away down a
path along the brink of the waterfall,
disappearing downward into the black
jungle.

The instant the glade was empty I
rushed from my hiding-place to
the pool. Its surface was calm, I
looked about, Its farther side mingled
with the great snaky roots of one of
those huge trees. It was dark among
those roots. I got a torch from the
fire and held it down in those muddy
claws of that tree.

  I found a trench, sir, that had been
dug from the brink of the pool among
the roots to the waterfall—nothing
less than a slideway that dropped
steeply down into the cataract. I ap-
plied my alert mind to the problem.

I realized that those people, diving
feet first into the pool, could easily
have thrust their bodies forward be-
neath the surface and come up within
two or three seconds in the darkness
among the roots. From there, with a
twist of their bodies, they could have
slid over the brink and shot down the
THE IDOL-CHASER

251

slideway into the fuming cataract.
For a fact the brim of the pool showed
slick where naked bodies had slid
over. Convinced of this, and hopeful
again for Dobro, I got the knapsacks
and started down the path where I
had seen the tribe go.

  I made my way a quarter of a mile
downstream, and retraced my steps
part-way back. I shouted, but my
voice was absorbed in the roar of the
waterfall. I heard no one. I saw
nothing but the stars twinkling above
the stream where the tree-tops did not
come together. I gave up for the
night. It was useless to search in that
darkness. Lest I be robbed of the
knapsacks, I used them for a pillow’. I
believe it is good policy for men on
an expedition to get what sleep they
can.

  When I awakened it was day.
Those natives, sir, who had gone
through the mud were wading along
in the shallow rapids of the stream.
Their bodies were wet and gleaming.
They were washed clean. They had
the look of a man who has just been
shrived by the priest.

  And then I saw that Dobro. He was
sitting on a flat rock in the rapids,
without clothing, hugging his knees,
a patch of morning sunlight shining
through the tree-tops upon him. You
can imagine my relief at finding him
still among us.

  But that which he was doing, sir,
was in a sense remarkable. He was
looking at those washed natives with
an expression—la-la!

  Once here in the city a stranger
from a ship came among us selling for
a coin or two a little box that said
upon it in print, “Raise the lid and
see the biggest fool in the world.” We
bought them with alacrity and waste
of good money. When we opened the
lids we beheld our own faces in a mir-
ror. You can imagine our feelings.

  Sir, this Dobro had just such an
expression on his face as he looked at
those shrived natives. Like a man
who had been fooled.

  The indios came up the bank of the
river, the men taking one path and
the women another, and disappeared
into the jungle. When they were gone
that Dobro’s expression altered. It
changed to a kind of solemn amaze-
ment and utter incredulity. His lips
began to move, and to hear what he
was saying I arose and moved quietly
nearer. And what words, sir!

  “Well, I’ll be damned! I, even I
did it. Even I!”

  He was not profane, sir. He was
incredulous. He stared blankly into
space, and with each word he nodded
his head in short jerks.

  “Even I did it. Well, I’ll be
damned! ’ ’

  I stepped nearer and addressed
him.

  “No doubt you are right, sir,” I
said. “But why be so astonished
about it?” He looked up at me.

  “Did you wake up at last?” he
asked.

  “Did you find your Ultimate Sanc-
tuary?” I retorted.

  “Yes,” he said, and regarded me
as if defying me to contradict him.

  He solemnly raised his bare arm
and pointed up the purling river to
where the cataract boiled and the
mist arose.

  “Yes,” he repeated. “When those
waters were whirling me and holding
me down, when they were smothering
me and making my struggle futile,
when there was nowhere else to turn
in my extremity, I turned to God like
any common yokel and prayed to
Him to deliver me.”

  He spat vehemently. He spat so
vehemently, sir, that his spittle
crackled on the surface of the water.

  “Get the knapsacks!” he ordered
like a sergeant. “Make haste. We
go.”

 “Go?” I cried. “What next?
Where now?”

  “Back to civilization,” he an-
swered 4 ‘ Back to tell the world what
1 did, what I did.”

  Sir, he had but exchanged one idol
252

WEIRD TALES

for another. His idol had been to
find the Ultimate Sanctuary. Now it
was to tell the world what he had
done. La-La! And the last was worse
than the first, for he gave me no rest,
showed no mercy, in that long race
back over the mountains.

  So you see, sir, I comprehend the
North Americans. I will make a
valuable guide for you into the

jungles if we can make satisfactory
financial arrangements. . . . Yes, I
comprehend them thoroughly Ex-
cept for one little thing, sir, a mere
trifle. Why did that Dobro take that
little idol-figure of roughly burnt
clay, for which he had paid me four
dollars, and twist it in his strong
hands and break it up and throw the
pieces into the river?

Ballad of Winds

      By PAUL FRANCIS SUTTON

    Over the roof-tops and through the streets
    Dances and shouts the black north wind,

    Rushes and whirls, advances, retreats,

    Then chuckles in glee at the bloody rind
    Of a dying moon fleshless and blind;

    While strangling fast in the grip of the night
    Scintillant stars struggle to find
    A logical cause for the wind’s delight.

    But the wind whoops on o’er the rotting slime
    Of bones on an alley’s garbage heap,

    And the wind wails on down the caves of Time,
    Disturbing the dust o ’er the shades asleep;

    Till out from their ebon bodies creep
    Whispering things by the sane forgot,

    Phantom tilings o’ the pits sunk deep
    In the charnel mush of the world’s black rot.

    Ho! the night screams in the bellowing wind,

    While down the dark sweep of a star-paven trail
    Dance crystalline shadows of breezes designed
    And formed by the mad demon god of the gale;

    Swept high o’er the roof-tops gibber and wail
    Like imbecile children, like maniac’s spawn,

    Dark memories laughing, till skies turning pale
    Command all the phantoms to death in the dawn.

                L’ENVOI

    Ho, Prince, you laugh at my songs of the night;
    Indulgent you smile and perchance praise their tune,
    Then turn to sweet singers who drool of delight,

    For, Prince, you ’re afraid of the winds and the moon.
7^ HANGING,
°r ALFRED
WADHAM

by &.P.BE/MSON.;

“The head covered by the death-cap, it
swung in the window against the sunset.”

1HAD been telling Father Denys
Hanbury about a very extraor-
dinary seance which I had at-
tended a few days before. The me-
dium, in trance, had said a whole
series of things which were unknown
to anybody but myself and a friend
of mine who had lately died, and who,
so she said, was present or was speak-
ing to me through her. Naturally,
from the strictly scientific point of
view in which alone we ought to ap-
proach such phenomena, such in-
formation was not really evidence
that the spirit of my friend was in
touch with her, for all this was al-
ready known to me, and might by
some proeess of telepathy have been
communicated to her from my brain
and not through the agency of my
friend. She spoke, too, not in her

own ordinary voice, but in a voice
which certainly was very like his.
Then again, however, his voice was
known to me: it was in my memory
even as were the things she had been
saying. All this therefore, as I was
remarking to Father Denys, must be
ruled out as positive evidence that
communications had been coming
from the other side of death.

  "A telepathic explanation was pos-
sible,” I said, "and we have to ac-
cept any known explanation which
covers the facts before we conclude
that the dead have come back into
touch with the material world.”

  The room was quite warm, but I

saw that he shivered slightly, and

hitching his chair a little nearer the

fire he spread out his hands to the

blaze. Such hands they were : beau-

                                  253
254

WEIRD TALES

tiful and expressive of him, and so
like the praying hands of Albert
Diirer: the blaze shone through them
as through rose-red alabaster.

  He shook his head. "It’s a ter-
ribly dangerous thing to attempt to
get into communication with the
dead, ’ ’ he said. ‘ ‘ If you seem to get
into touch with them, you run the risk
of establishing connection not with
them but with awful and perilous in-
telligences. Study telepathy by all
means, for that is one of the marvels
of the mind which we are meant to
investigate like any other of the won-
derful secrets of nature. But I in-
terrupt you: you said something else
occurred. Tell me about it. ’ ’

  Now I knew Father Denys’ creed
about such things, and deplored it.
He holds, as his church commands
him, that intercourse with the spirits
of the dead is impossible, and that
when it appears to occur, as it un-
doubtedly does, the enquirer is really
in touch with some species of dra-
matic demon, who is impersonating
the spirit of the dead. Such a theory
has always seemed to me as monstrous
as it is without foundation, and there
is nothing I can discover in the
recognized sources of Christian doc-
trine which justifies such a view.

  "Yes: now comes the queer part,”
I said. "For, still speaking in the
voice of my friend, the medium told
me something which instantly I be-
lieved to be untrue. It could not
therefore have been drawn telepath-
ically from me. After that the
seance came to an end, and in order
to convince myself that this could not
have come from him, I looked up the
diary of my friend, which had been
left me at his death, and which had
just been sent me by his executors,
and was still unpacked. There I
found an entry which proved that
what the medium had said was abso-
lutely correct. A certain thing—I
needn’t go into it—had occurred pre-
cisely as she had stated, though I
should have been willing to swear to

the contrary. That can not have come
into her mind from mine, and there
is no source that I can see from which
she could have obtained it except
from my friend. What do you say
to that?”

  He shook his head.

  "I don’t alter my position at all,”
he said. "That information, given it
did not come from your mind, which
certainly seems to be impossible,
came from some discamate agency.
But it didn’t come from the spirit of
your friend: it came from some evil
and awful intelligence. ”

  "But isn’t that pure assump-
tion?” I asked. "It is surely much
simpler to say that the dead can, un-
der certain conditions, communicate
with us. Why drag in the devil?”

  He glanced at the clock.

   " It’s not very late, ’ ’ he said. ‘ ‘ Un-
less you want to go to bed, give me
your attention for half an hour, and
I will try to show you.”

  The rest of my story is what Father
Denys told me, and what happened
immediately afterward.

‘ ‘ 'T''hough you are not a Catholic, ’ ’
-i he said, "I think you would
agree with me about an institution
which plays a very large part in our
ministry, namely, confession, as re-
gards the sacredness and the in-
violability of it. A soul laden with
sin comes to his confessor knowing
that he is speaking to one who has the
power to pronounce or withhold for-
giveness, but who will never, for any
conceivable reason, repeat or hint at
what has been told him. If there was
the slightest chance of the penitent’s
confession being made known to any-
one, unless he himself, for purposes
of expiation or of righting some
wrong, chooses to repeat it, no one
would ever come to confession at all.
The Church would lose the greatest
hold it possesses over the souls of
men, and the souls of men would lose
that inestimable comfort of knowing
(not hoping merely but knowing)
THE HANGING OP ALFRED WADHAM

255

that their sins were forgiven them. Of
course the priest may withhold abso-
lution, if he is not convinced that he
is dealing with a true penitent, and
before he gives it, he will insist that
the penitent makes such reparation
as is in his power for the wrong he
has done. If he has profited by his
dishonesty he must make good: what-
ever crime he has committed he must
give warrant that his penitence is
sincere. But I think you would agree
that in any case the priest can not,
whatever the result of his silence may
be, repeat what has been told him.
By doing so he might right or avert
some hideous wrong, but it is impos-
sible for him to do so. What he has
heard, he has heard under the seal of
confession, concerning the sacredness
of which no argument is conceivable. ”
“It is possible to imagine awful
consequences resulting from it,” I
said. “But I agree.”

  “Before now awful consequences
have come of it,” he said, “but they
don’t touch the principle. And now
I am going to tell you of a certain
confession that was once made to me. ”
“But how can you?” I said.
“That’s impossible, surely.”

  “For a certain reason, which we
shall come to later,” he said, ‘‘you
will see that secrecy is no longer in-
cumbent on me. But the point of my
story is not that: it is to warn you
about attempting to establish com-
munication with the dead. Signs and
tokens, voices and apparitions appear
to come through to us from them,
but who sends them? You will see
what I mean.”

   I settled myself down to listen.

“Vou will probably not remember
I with any distinctness, if at all,
a murder committed a year ago, when
a man called Gerald Selfe met his
death. There was no enticing mys-
tery about it, no romantic accessories,
and it aroused no public interest.
Selfe was a man of loose life, but he
held a respectable position, and it

would have been disastrous for him if
his private irregularities had come to
light. For some time before his death
he had been receiving blackmailing
letters regarding his relations with a
certain married woman, and, very
properly, he had put the matter into
the hands of the police. They had
been pursuing certain clues, and on
the afternoon before Selfe’s death one
of the officers of the criminal investi-
gation department had written to him
that everything pointed to his man-
servant, who certainly knew of his in-
trigue, being the culprit. This was a
young man named Alfred Wadham:
he had only lately entered Selfe’s
service, and his past history wTas of
the most unsavory sort. They had
baited a trap for him, of which de-
tails were given, and suggested that
Selfe should display it, which within
an hour or two he successfully did.
This information and these instruc-
tions were conveyed in a letter which
after Selfe’s death was found in a
drawer of his writing-table, of which
the lock had been tampered with.
Only Wadham and his master slept
in his flat, and a woman came in every
morning to cook breakfast and do the
house-work, and Selfe lunched and
dined at his club, or in the restaurant
on the ground-floor of this house of
flats, and here he dined that night.
When the woman came in next morn-
ing she found the outer door of the
flat open, and Selfe lying dead on the
floor of his sitting-room with his
throat cut. Wadham had disap-
peared, but in the slop-pail of his bed-
room was water which was stained
with human blood. He was caught
two days afterward and at his trial
elected to give evidence. His story
was that he suspected he had fallen
into a trap, and that while Mr. Selfe
was at dinner he searched his draw-
ers and found the letter sent by the
police, which proved that this was the
case. He therefore decided to bolt,
and he left the flat that evening
before his master came back to it
25 G

WEIRD TALES

after dinner. Being in the witness-
box, he was of course subjected to a
searching cross-examination, and con-
tradicted himself in several particu-
lars. Then there was that incrim-
inating evidence in his room, and the
motive for the crime was clear enough.
After a very long deliberation the
{jury found him guilty, and he was
sentenced to death. His appeal, which
followed, was dismissed.

 "Wadham was a Catholic, and
since it is my office to minister to
Catholic prisoners at the jail where
he was lying under sentence of death,
I had many talks with him, and en-
treated him for the sake of his immor-
tal soul to confess his guilt. But
though he was even eager to confess
other misdeeds of his, some of which
it was ugly work to speak of, he main-
tained his innocence on this charge
of murder. Nothing shook him, and
though as far as I could judge he was
sincerely penitent for other misdeeds
4ie swore to me that the story lie told
in court was, in spite of that contra-
diction in which he had involved him-
self, essentially true, and that if he
was hanged, he died unjustly. Up till
■the last afternoon of his life, when I
sat with him for two hours, praying
and pleading with him, he stuck to
Hiiat. Why he should do that, unless
indeed he was innocent, when he was
eager to search his heart for the con-
cession of other gross wickednesses, was
icurious; the more I pondered it, the
tnore inexplicable I found it, and
during that afternoon doubt as to his
guilt began to grow in me. A terrible
thought it was, for he had lived in
sin and error and tomorrow his life
was to be broken like a snapped stick.
I was to be at the prison again before
six hi the morning, and I still had to
determine whether I should give him
the Sacrament. If he went to his
death guilty of murder, but refusing
to confess, I had no right to give it
him, but if he was innocent my with-
holding of it was as terrible as any
miscarriage of justice. Then on my

way out I had a word with one of the
warders, which brought my doubt
closer to me.

  " ‘What do you make of Wadham?’•
I asked.

  "He drew aside to let a man pass,
who nodded to him; somehow I knew
that he was the hangman.

  " ‘I don’t like to think of it, sir,’ he
said. ‘I know he was found guilty
and that his appeal failed. But if you
ask me whether I believe him to be
a murderer, why no, I don’t.’

" T spent the evening alone: about

  A ten o’clock as I was on the point
of going to bed, I was told that a man
called Horace Kennion was below,
and wanted to see me. He was a
Catholic, and though I had been
friends with him at one time, certain
things had come to my knowledge
which made it impossible for me to
have anything more to do with him,
and I had told him so. He was
wicked—oh, don’t misunderstand me;
we all do wicked things constantly:
the life of us all is a tissue of mis-
deeds; but he alone of all men I had
ever met seemed to me to love wicked-
ness for its own sake. I said I could
not see him, but the message came
back that his need was urgent, and
up he came: He wanted, he told me,
to make his confession, not tomorrow,
but now, and his confessor was away.
I could not, as a priest, resist that
appeal. And his confession was that
he had killed Gerald Selfe.

  ‘ ‘ For a moment I thought this was
some impious joke, but he swore he
was speaking the truth, and still
under the seal of confession gave me a
detailed account. He had dined with
Selfe that night, and had gone up
afterward to his flat for a game of
piquet. Selfe told him with a grin
that he was going to lay his servant
by the heels tomorrow for blackmail.
‘A smart, spry young man today,’ he
said. ‘Perhaps a bit off color tomor-
row at this time.’ He rang the belL
for him \o put out the card-table t
THE HANGING OF ALFRED WADHAM

257

then saw it was ready, and he forgot
that his summons remained unan-
swered. They played high points
and both had drunk a good deal.
Selfe lost partie after partie, and
eventually accused Kennion of cheat-
ing. Words ran high, boiled over into
blows, and Kennion, in some rough
and tumble of wrestling and hitting,
picked up a knife from the table, and
stabbed Selfe in the throat, through
jugular vein and carotid artery. In a
few minutes he had bled to death. . . .
Then Kennion remembered that un-
answered bell, and went tiptoe to
Wadham’s room. He found it empty;
empty, too, were the other rooms in
the flat. Had there been anyone there,
his idea was to say he had come up at
Selfe’s invitation, and found him
dead. But this was better yet: there
was no more than a few spots of blood
on him, and he washed them in Wad-
ham’s room, emptying the water into
his slop-pail. Then leaving the door of
the flat open, he went downstairs and
out.

  "He told me this in quite a few
sentences, even as I have told it you,
and looked up at me with a smiling
face.

  " 'So what’s to be done next, ven-
erable Father?’ he said gayly.

  " ‘Ah, thank God, you’ve con-
fessed ! ’ I said. ‘ There is time yet to
save an innocent man. You must give
yourself up to the police at once.’
But even as I spoke my heart mis-
gave me.

  "He rose, dusting the knees of his
trousers.

  " ‘What a quaint notion!’ he said.
‘But there’s nothing farther from my
thoughts. ’

   ‘ ‘ I jumped up.

   " ‘ I shall go myself, then, ’ I said.

  ‘ ‘ He laughed outright at that.

  " ‘Oh, no, indeed you won’t,’ he
said. ‘What about the seal of con-
fession? Indeed, I rather fancy it’s
a deadly sin for a priest even to think
of violating it. Really I’m ashamed
of you, my dear Denys. Naughty

fellow! But perhaps it was only a
joke: you didn’t mean it. ’

  " ‘I do mean it,’ I said. ‘You shall
see if I mean it.’ But even as I
spoke, I knew I did not. ‘Anything
is allowable to save an innocent man
from death.’

  "He laughed again.

  “ ‘Pardon me: you know perfectly
well that it isn’t,’ he said. ‘There’s
one thing in our creed far worse than
death, and that is the damnation of
the soul. You’ve gqt no intention of
damning yours. I took no risk at all
when I confessed to you. ’

  " ‘But it will be murder if you
don’t save this man,’ I said.

  " ‘Oh, certainly, but I’ve got mur-
der on my conscience already,’ he
said. ‘One gets used to it very quick-
ly. And having got used to it, an-
other murder doesn’t seem to matter
an atom. Poor young Wadham: to-
morrow, isn’t it? I’m not sure it
won’t be a sort of rough justice.
Blackmail is a disgusting offense.’
"I went to the telephone and took
off the receiver.

  " ‘Really this is most interesting,’
he said. ‘Walton Street is the near-
est police station. You don’t need
the number: just say "Walton Street
police.” But you can’t. You can’t
say, "I have a man with me now,
Horace Kennion, who has confessed
to me that he murdered Selfe.” So
why bluff? Besides, if you could do
any such thing, I shall merely say
that I had done nothing of the kind.
Your word, the word of a priest who
has broken the most sacred vow,
against mine. Childish! ’

  " ‘Kennion,’ I said, ‘for the love of
God, as for the fear of hell, give your-
self up! What does it matter whether
you or I live a few years less, if at
the end we pass into the vast infinite
with our sins confessed and forgiven.
Day and night I will pray for you. ’

  " ‘Charming of you,’ said he. ‘But
I’ve no doubt that now you will give
Wadham full absolution. So what
does it matter if he goes into—into
258

WEIRD TALES

the vast infinite at eight o'clock to-
morrow morning?’

  “ ‘Why did you confess to me
then,’ I asked, ‘if you had no inten-
tion of saving him. and making
atonement?’

  “ ‘Well, not long ago you were very
nasty to me,’ he said. ‘You told me
no decent man would consult with
me. So it struck me, quite suddenly,
only Friday, that it would be pleasant
to see‘you in the most awful hole. I
daresay I’ve got Sadie tastes, too, and
they are being wonderfully indulged.
You’re in torment, you know: you
would choose any physical agony
rather than to be in such a torture-
chamber of the soul. It’s entrancing:
I adore it. Thank you very much,
Denys.’

  “He got up.

  “ ‘I kept my taxi waiting,’ he said.
‘No doubt you’ll be busy tonight.
Can I give you a lift anywhere? Pen-
tonville?’

  “There are no words to describe
certain darknesses and ecstasies that,
come to the soul, and I can only tell
you that I can imagine no hell of re-
morse that could equal the hell that
I was in. For in the bitterness of re-
morse we can see that our suffering is
a needful and salutary experience:
only through it can our sin be burned
away. But here was a torture blank
and meaningless. And then my brain
stirred a little and I began to wonder
whether without breaking the seal of
confession, I might not be able to
effect something. I saw from my win-
dow that the light was burning in the
clock-tower at Westminster: the
House therefore was sitting, and it
seemed possible that without viola-
tion. I might tell the Home Secretary
that a confession had been made
me, whereby I knew that Wadham
was innocent. He would ask me for
any details I could give him, and I
could tell him. And then I saw that
I could tell him nothing: I could not
say that the murderer had gone up
with. Selfe to his room, for through

that information it might be found
that Kennion had dined with him.
But before I did anything, I must
have guidance, and I went to the
Cardinal’s house by our cathedral.
He had gone to bed, for it was now
after midnight, but in answer to the
urgency of my request, he came down
to see me. I told him, without giving
any clue, what had happened, and
his verdict was what in my heart I
knew it would be. Certainly I might
see the Home Secretary and tell him
that such a confession had been made
me, but no word or hint must escape
me which could lead to identification.
Personally, he did not see how the
execution could be postponed on such
information as I could give.

  “ ‘And whatever you suffer, my
son,’ he said, ‘be sure that you are
suffering not from having done
wrong, but from having done right.
Placed as you are, your temptation
to save an innocent man comes from
the devil, and whatever you may be
called upon to endure for not yield-
ing to it is of that origin also.’

“T saw the Home Secretary in his

  A room at the House within the
hour. But unless I told him more—
and he realized that I could not—he
was powerless to move.

  “ ‘He wras found guilty at his
trial,’ he said, ‘and his appeal was
dismissed. Without further evidence
I can do nothing-’

  “He sat thinking a moment: then
jumped up.

  “ ‘Good God, it’s ghastly,’ he said.
‘I entirely believe, I needn’t tell you,
that you’ve heard this confession, but
that doesn’t prove it’s true. Can’t
you see the man again? Can’t you
put the fear of God into him ? If you
can do anything at all, which gives
me any justification for acting, up
till the moment the drop falls, I will
give a reprieve at once. There’s my
telephone number: ring me up here
or at my house at any hour.'

  “I was back at the prison before
THE HANGING OF ALFRED WADHAM

259

six in the morning. I told Wadham
that I believed in his innocence, and
I gave him absolution for all else. He
received the Holy and Blessed Sacra-
ment with me, and went without
flinching to his death.’

  "Father Denys paused.

  "I have been a long time coming
to that point in my story,” he said,
"which concerns that seance you
spoke of, but it was necessary for
your understanding of what I am
going to tell you now, that you
should know all this. I said that
those messages and communications
from the dead came not from them
but from some evil and awful power
impersonating them. You answered,
I remember, ‘Why drag in the devil?’
I will tell you.

"VXThen it was over, when the

  *	’ drop on which he stood
yawned open, and the rope creaked
and jumped. I went home. It was a
dark winter morning, still barely
light, and in spite of the tragic scene
I had just witnessed, I felt serene and
peaceful. I did not think of Ken-
nion at all, only of the boy—he was
little more—who had suffered un-
justly, and that it seemed a pitiful
mistake, but no more. It did not
touch him, his essential living soul;
it was as if he had suffered the sacred
expiation of martyrdom. And I was
humbly thankful that I had been en-
abled to act rightly, and had Ken-
nion now, through my agency, been
in the hands of the police and Wad-
ham alive, I should have been branded
with the most terrible crime a priest
can commit. I had been up all night,
and after I had said my office, I lay
down on my sofa to get a little sleep.
And 1 dreamed that I was in the cell
with Wadham and that he knew I
had proof of his innocence. It was
within a few minutes of the hour of
his death, and I heard along the stone-
flagged corridor outside the steps of
those who were coming for him. He

heard them, toe, and stood up, point-
ing at me.

  " ‘You’re letting an innocent man
die, when you could save him,’ he
said. ‘You can’t do it, Father
Denys. Father Denys!’ he shrieked,
and the shriek broke off in a gulp
and a gasp as the door opened.

  “I woke, knowing that what had
roused me was my own name,
screamed out from somewhere close
at hand, and I knew whose voice it
was. But there I was alone in my
quiet, empty room, with the dim day
peering in. I had. been asleep, 3 saw,
for only a few minutes, but now all
thought or power of sleep had fled,
for somewhere by me, invisible but
awfully present, was the spirit of the
man whom I had allowed to perish.
And he called me.

  "But presently I convinced my self
that this voice coming to me in sleep
was no more than a dream, natural
enough in the circumstances, and
some days passed tranquilly enough.
And then one day when I was walk-
ing down a sunny crowded street, I
felt some definite and dreadful chan; ?
in what I may call the psychic aimc--
phere which surrounds us all, and my
soul grew black with fear and with
evil imaginings. And there was Wad-
ham coming toward me along tie
pavement, gay and debonair. Be
looked at me, and his face became a
mask of hate. ‘ We shall meet often,
I hope, Father Denys,’ he said as he
passed. Another day I returned
home in the twilight and suddenly I
heard the creak and strain of a rope,
and his body, with head covered by
the death-cap, swung in the window
against the sunset. And sometimes
when I was at my books, the door
opened quietly and closed again, and
I knew he was there. The apparition
or the token of it did not come often
or perhaps my resistance would have
been quickened, for I knew it was
devilish in origin. But it came when
I was off my guard, at long intervals.
260

WEIRD TALES

so that I thought I had vanquished
it, and then sometimes I felt my faith
to reel. But always it was preceded
by this sense of evil power bearing
down on me, and I made haste to
seek the shelter of the House of De-
fense which is set very high. And
then last Sunday only-”

  He broke off, covering his eyes
with his hand, as if shutting out some
appalling spectacle.

  "I had been preaching,’’ he re-
sumed, ‘ ‘ for one of our missions. The
church was full, and I do not think
there was another thought or desire
in my soul, but to further the holy
cause for which I was speaking. It
was a morning service, and the sun
poured in through the stained win-
dows in glow of colored light. But
in the middle of my sermon some
bank of cloud drove up, and with it
this horrible forewarning of the ap-
proach of a tempest of evil. So dark
it got that, as I was drawing near the
end of my sermon, the lights in the
church were switched on, and it
leaped into brightness. There was a
lamp on the desk in the pulpit, where
I had placed my notes, and now when
it was kindled it shone full on the pew
just below. And there with his head
turned upward toward me, with his
face purple and eyes protruding and
with the strangling noose round his
neck, sat Wadham.

  "My voice faltered and ceased and
I clutched at the pulpit-rail as he
stared at me and I at him. A horror
of the spirit, black as the eternal night
of the lost, closed round me, for I
had let him go innocent to his death,
and my punishment was just. . . . And
then like a star shining out through
some merciful rent in this soul-storm
came again that ray of conviction
that as a priest I could not have done
otherwise, and with it the sure knowl-
edge that this apparition could not be
of God, but of the devil, to be re-
sisted and defied even as we defy
with contempt some sweet and in-

sidious temptation. It could not there-
fore be the spirit of the man at which
I gazed, but some diabolical counter-
feit. And I looked back from him to
my notes, and went on with my ser-
mon, for that alone was my business.
That pause had seemed to me eternal,
it had the quality of timelessness, but
I learned afterward that it had been
barely perceptible. And from my
own heart I learned that it was no
punishment that I was undergoing,
but the strengthening of a faith that
had faltered.”

Suddenly he broke off. There came
into his eyes as he fixed them on
the door, a look not of fear at all but
of savage relentless antagonism.

  "It's coming,” he said to me, "and
now if you hear or see anything de-
spise it, for it is evil. ’ ’

  The door swung open and closed
again and though nothing visible
entered, I knew that there was now
in the room a living intelligence,
other than Father Denys’ and mine,
and it affected my being, my self, just
as some horrible odor of putrefaction
affects one physically: my soul sick-
ened in it. Then, still seeing noth-
ing, I perceived that the room, warm
and comfortable just now, with a fire
of coal prospering in the grate, was
growing cold, and that some strange
eclipse was veiling the light. Close to
me on the table stood an electric
lamp; the shade of it fluttered in the
icy draft that stirred in the air, and
the illuminant wire was 110 longer in-
candescent, but red and dull like the
embers in the grate.

  I scrutinized the dimness, but as
yet no material form manifested it-
self. Father Denys was sitting very
upright in his chair, his eyes fixed
and focused on something invisible to
me. His lips were moving and mut-
tering ; his hands grasped the crucifix
he was wearing. And then I saw
what I knew he was seeing, too: a face
was outlining itself on the air in
THE HANGING OF ALFRED WADHAM

261

front of him, a face swollen and pur-
ple, with tongue lolling from the
mouth, and as it hung there it oscil-
lated to and fro. Clearer and clearer
it grew, suspended there by the rope
that now became visible to me, and
though the apparition was of a man
hanged by the neck, it was not dead
but active and alive, and the spirit
that awfully animated it was no
human one, but something diabolical.
Suddenly Father Denys rose to his
feet, and his face was within an inch
or two of that suspended horror. He
raised his hands which held the sacred
emblem.

  14 Begone to your torment, ’ ’ he
cried, “until the days of it are over,
and the mercy of God grants you
eternal death.”

'TT'hkre rose a wailing in the air:
some blast shook the room so that
the corners of it quaked, and then the
light and the warmth were restored
to it, and there was no one there but
our two selves. Father Denys’ face
was haggard and dripping with the
struggle he had been through, but
there shone on it such radiance as I

have never seen on human counte-
ance.

  “It’s over,” he said. “I saw it
shrivel and wither before the power
of His presence. . . . And your eyes
tell me you saw it, too, and you know
now that what wore the semblance of
humanity was pure evil. ’ ’

  We talked a little longer, and he
rose to go.

  “Ah, I forgot,” he said. “You
wanted to know how I could reveal to
you what was told me in confession.
Horace Kennion died this morning by
his own hand. He left with his law-
yer a packet to be opened on his
death, with instructions that it should
be published in the daily press. I saw
it in an evening paper, and it was a
detailed account of how he killed Ger-
ald Selfe. He wished it to have all
possible publicity.”

  “But why?” I asked.

  Father Denys paused.

  “He gloried in his wickedness, I
think,” he said. “He loved it, as I
told you, for its own sake, and he
wanted everyone to know of it, as
soon as he was safely away. ’ ’

THE SORCERESS

                  By C. NOIR

           “What do you see, my elfin daughter,

            In your crystal that shines like green sea-water?”

            “A gallant lad, and a gallant steed,

           And three white hounds that race in the mead.”

           “Where goeth he, my sprig of the heather?”

            ‘' High in the wood, where the trees go together,

           Green leaves are over and brown leaves are nether.

           May the good God keep him safe from my molher!”

           “What doeth she, my sweet, half-mortal treasure?”

            “She sits in her well that is deep beyond measure,

           And watches with eyes that speak always of pleasure;
           Windows of Hell they are, though they be azure.”
A Ghost-Tale of Soviet Russia

AN EXAMINATION
IN DIPLOMACY

 By EDITH M. ALMEDINGEN

HE HAD not enough daring to
tell them he did not want to
be assigned to that particu-
lar post. They would have laughed at
him had he ventured to give an out-
let to his vague fears; a trusted tool
of the Tcheka, afraid to spend a few
nights on duty at the Paul Castle,
just because he had happened to hear
some old woman’s tales about its
being haunted! Glebov realized that
his bold hopes of rapid promotion
would have been dashed to the
ground had the chief but caught one
glimpse of the almost animal terror
in his heart. So ho merely bit his
lips and lashed himself into a sham
attitude of glad readiness. “So good
of the chief to think so highly of him,
Glebov; certainly he’d try and do his
utmost.” And he added a few more
similar commonplaces, before leav-
ing the grim Tcheka house, a fateful
mandate to the commandant of the
castle in his pocket.

  Glebov’s duty did not begin till a
few hours later. These he spent in
breathless feverish activities, care-
fully abstaining from drink during
the day. “One’s mind had to be
clear before an emergency.”- he
thought. And, following an unac-
countable trend of reasoning, he had
his pockets well stuffed with num-
bers of The Atheist. Its pages gave
one food for thinking on "the right
lines,” convinced one that things
supernatural were impotent to

 m

frighten, because they did not exist.
“I have not been attending all those
anti-religious lectures for nothing,”
Glebov tried to comfort himself, and,
by dint of heroic efforts, he well-
nigh managed to conquer his fears,
when it was time for him to go up
to the castle.

  But no sooner had he crossed the
sinister drawbridge, no sooner had
the castle gates slammed to behind
him, than he became aware that, if
anything, his fears were as mighty
as ever before. His very tread, sharp
against the worn flagstones of the
dark, deserted courtyard, was ex-
pressive of those fears. He cast an
upward look at the gloomy, light -
less walls around him, and all at
once his treacherous mind remem-
bered the details of the ghastly
tragedy enacted within those very
same walls more than one hundred
years ago. Yes, that was why evert
the bravest of the brave men held
the castle to be haunted. For the
Emperor Paul met here with a most
violent death, and his son and suc-
cessor shunned the place like a
plague-cemetery of old, and none of
the later sovereigns even dreamt of
living here. And the Tchekist shud-
dered, as though visualizing the
loathsome details of that scene on
the eleventh of March, 1801. He had
read all about it in some old book
or other. He now wished he had
not, because the pictures rose in his
AN EXAMINATION TN DIPLOMACY

263

mind, suddenly, umvantedly, and lie
could not clear his vision from its
blood-curdling details. The emperor,
cornered in a back study of his, mad-
ly spinning round and round the
table to evade the murderous touch
of his enemies, and finally captured,
pinned down to the floor, four cruelly
determined hands clasping at his
throat, clasping tighter, tighter, tight-
er, till all life went out of the small,
wizened body and the curse of a foul
crime descended upon the castle to
darken it for the generations that
were to come.

  Yes, the Tchekist remembered all
that. And half-way down the yard
he stopped, as though struck by
lightning. The eleventh of March!
And was not this very day the
eleventh of March also?

  His blood ran cold. His forehead
was bathed in clammy sweat. His
reason alone, the reason of a well-
trained and hardened communist,
urged him to go on. After all, these
things had their existence only in the
befogged minds of those poor, de-
ranged folk who would not be per-
suaded to cease from believing in
that strange God of theirs. He, Ivan
Glebov, was gloriously free from all
such prejudices. The party would
scarcely have trusted him so touch
if it were proved that he, too. was
tainted with these puerile super-
stitions. But, for all his reasoning,
his hands felt unpleasantly clammy
and his heart beat terrifically fast as
he crossed the threshold of the com-
mandant’s lodge.

npHE commandant was glad to see
him. Vodka and cigarettes were
produced at owe. but Glebov stoical-
ly resisted the temptation.

  "I have work to do. comrade,” he
explained somewhat lamely. "See,
I have brought all these papers with
me. So f must keep my mind clear.”

  “As you like,” acquiesced the
stout, pig-faced commandant. “Of

course, you know this is hardly an
enviable job, taken all around. The
Teheka must send us their bravest
men. ’ ’

  Glebov pricked his cars.

  “Why not exactly an enviable
job?” he asked, making an almost
superhuman effort to remain quiet.

“Surely, the responsibility-”

  The commandant waved his fat
hand impatiently.

  “ Oh, the responsibility is all right.
Rather too much of it, You see, we
have reasons to believe that those
accursed counter-revolutionaries are
keen on making their headquarters
in this old castle. Wc have not been
able to trace them as yet—too many
unexplored cellars and rooms under-
ground,” he added almost apolo-
getically.

  True diplomatic sense prompted
Glebov to pass no comment 011 these
remarks; lie was not going to wan-
der about the unexplored regions of
the castle, thank you!

  The commandant went on: “And
there are all sorts of queer stories
running about the place, you know”
—deftly he shifted his viewpoint—
“no use talking about them to a
Tchekist, is there?”

  “I think not.” Glebov forced a
short laugh. “Grandmother’s tales
about its being haunted and all that
rot, eh?”

 “Quite, comrade.” The man
joined in the laugh. “Things unfit
for enlightened citizens, liko our-
selves, to listen to.”

Glebov duly took over the night
charge of the castle from the
commandant, made a careful round
of the premises (without descending
underground, however), looked over
the numerous sentry posts, and, bal!
certain that things seemed all right,
went to his own particular den, a
spacious, well-lieated. well-furn^-hett
room on the second floor, with a bal*
264

WEIRD TALES

cony overlooking the quiet, slumber-
ing courtyard.

  He lit the candles on the big em-
pire table in the middle of the room
and switched off the electric light.
The latter always gave a funny
nervous pain to his eyes, and he
really wanted to work that night—
to read and reread those precious
atheistic pamphlets, which stuffed
his pockets, and thus to force his
mind to turn to sane rational think-
ing, such as befitted a true servant
of the Soviet Republic.

  A filled decanter, some glasses
and an invitingly open box of choice
cigarettes were placed on a tray on
the writing-table. Glebov looked at
them longingly for a moment, then
pushed them aside, a stern expres-
sion on his usually expressionless
face. Drink would be perilous and
smoking was likely to fog his mind.

  He settled himself very comfort-
ably in the velvet-covered armchair,
stretched out his rather tired legs
and began delving through articles
in The Atheist. Yes, that was the one
he specially wanted to find, The Im-
possibility of Ghostly Happenings.

  The crudely violent, unlearned
language of the paper was familiar
to him. He had heard these things
time and again shouted from various
platforms, urged by wild-eyed,
fanatical individuals, whose sole ob-
jective in this life seemed to be the
raising of an insurmountable barrier
between its course and the possi-
bility of any further immaterial
existence.

  Glebov’s parched tongue flicked
over his lips as lie read on. Of
course, he must have been utterly
insane even to allow such stupid
ideas the right of entering his mind
at all! Here he was all alone, in the
middle of the night, in that same old
dreaded castle, and nothing was
happening, and nothing was likely to
happen. These things could not
exist Supernatural, indeed! Super-

natural rubbish! Really, he might
indulge in just one tiny drink.

  He filled his glass slowly and de-
liberately, and held it against the
light. They knew how to provide
for their best workers, did the
Tcheka chiefs. He sniffed the amber
contents. Golly, if it was not real
British whisky! Glebov chuckled, as
he noisily gulped it down. Most
likely the happy result of a raid on
some dirty Englishman’s house!
Well, it served a much better pur-
pose now! Glebov smacked his lips
and helped himself to a cigarette.

 “Wonderful chaps to write so
clearly and helpfully!” he muttered,
scanning over a virulent paper on
Christian Mythology. “Such things
should be translated into all lan-
guages.”

  He laid down the paper, leant back
luxuriously and puffed at his cig-
arette. It was really wonderful
what two short hours of sane reading
had done to him. Gone were his
imbecile anxieties, his vague dis-
turbing fears. He was a fully
fledged Tcheka communist, who
feared neither God nor the Devil, be-
cause he denied both.

  Glebov looked at his expensive
gold watch. Nearly twenty-five
minutes to 12. He would make an-
other round at midnight. Would it
not be lucky if he caught some real
counter-revolutionists? And red-
handed, too? Rosy-tinted thoughts
of amazingly quick promotion sped
through his mind.

 The one and only door, at the
farthest end of the room, gave a
gentle squeak. Glebov started. . . .
No, how silly of him! Of course, he
had not locked the door and the wind
was gently blowing from the half-
opened window. Why, he wondered,
should the window be opened? Sud-
denly he felt chilly—because it was
March—and the eleventh of March
as well. Ominous recollections, at-
AN EXAMINATION IN DIPLOMACY

265

tached to the date, again crowded
into his mind.

  He would ring for the sentry pres-
ently. He did not feel like getting
up and shutting the door himself.
After all, if these things were non-
existent (as they most certainly
were, he hastened to assure himself),
still one had to mind one's nerves
just a little.

  He shivered again. The wind was
getting decidedly chilly. But he
knew it would be unwise to ring for
the sentry before midnight. The
chiefs were known to lend their ears
to quite unfounded stories, and it
might then be said of him that he
was actually scared.

    lebov held out his hand towai’d
^ the decanter. Just another drink
would help steady his nerves. His
eyes fell on the hideously blasphe-
mous cartoon on the paper’s page ly-
ing open in front of him. Somehow
he did not like the eartoon. “Really
a bit too thick,” he thought, and
turned the page over.

  Then he refilled the glass, which
was never meant to reach his lips;
for at that moment the door gave
another gentle squeak, opened wider,
and a dark-eloaked, middle-sized fig-
ure stepped into the room.

  From the table where Glebov sat,
he could just face the door. His blood
turned to ice. He wanted to scream,
but his lips were frozen into silence.
The only sound heard was the crash
of the glass and the steady drip-drip
of the spilt whisky.

  For a terribly long moment the
strange figure stood immobile. Then
it moved slowly toward the table—
slowly, just one step at a time. The
fitful candle-light lent a grotesque
uncertainty to its outline, but
Glebov’s terror-stricken mind could
still register a few definite details.
The man was of middle height, wore
a loose, dark cloak, and, as ho made
another step nearer the table, the

hapless Tchekist’s terror increased
hundredfold; tho stranger had that
peculiar tricorne hat, so common in
the period of the Emperor Paul. Gleb-
ov knew it. He had seen some pic-
tures. His hands clutched at the
table. His eyes stared ahead, frozen
in their look of utter terror.

  Because it was he, the victim of
that foul crime committed in these
very walls. . . .

  Glebov’s brain battled for a
scream, hut his lips were too inert to
obey. And the cloaked figure, all the
more terrible because of his silence,
was advancing, one step at a time,
slowly, revengefully.. .. Yes, revenge-
fully. One sovereign about to settle
the score for another. . . .

  Glebov would not look at the face.
... He would not see it. . . . The bell
was out of reach, he could not move
a muscle. . . . What was there to do
except-

  He remembered, and the swift
recolloction prompted him to stag-
ger to his shaking feet. Yes. they
did exist, then! Was there not a
prayer against all evil ghosts his
grandmother had taught him to say
when, as a boy, he was fearful of
going to sleep in a dark room? What
was it? Oh-, curse it, he could not
remember a word, and he knew that
unless he uttered it, the strange
cloaked figure would be upon him
and seize him by the throat and
strangle him, even as he had been
strangled more than one hundred
years ago.

  The figure made another step. The
world turned black for Glebov.
Wildly he stretched out his trem-
bling arms, as though pushing the
stranger away from him, and then,
with the vilest of vile oaths, fell
down in a limp heap.

Yearly the next morning the little,
■*—' stout commandant trotted to the
Tcheka headquarters. The thin,
searred-face chief received him in a
266

WEIRD TALES

private sanctum, but their conversa-
tion was amazingly brief.

"Not a detail was forgotten, com-
rade,” hurried the obsequious com-
mandant. “Not even the tricorne
bat, though it was hard to get it. ’ ’
"We shan’t forget it,” snapped

the chief. "Run away, and not a
word to anyone! We’d suspected
the fellow to be unfit for a long time.
Glad the little test didn’t prove a
washout! Eh, what ? Oh, yes, send
a line to his widow—make it heart
failure or something.”

A Strange Elemental Menaced the A?~cheologi$t

OLD MARK

By AUGUST W. DERLETH

THE city of Newport, Wales,
looms on the horizon of
Caerleon-on-Usk, threatening
to crush the ancient city of Isca
Silurum, dating back to Nero, sixth
of the Caesars, once the headquarters
of the second Augustan legion under
Hadrian. The tentacles of industrial-
ism are reaching out toward Caer-
leon-on-Usk, ancient capital of Bri-
tannia Secunda, standing upon the
ground once trod by Hadrian and
his legions.

  Had it not been for Hadrian and
his great wall, Mr. Carson Fielding
would never have attracted my at-
tention. Mr. Carson Fielding had es-
tablished for himself an enviable
reputation as archeologist—every li-
brary in Britain contained copies of
his papers on the Roman occupation.

  The archeologist arrived at Caer-
leon-on-Usk early in April, and for
almost a month he pursued his ex-
plorations unheard from. Then sud-
denly, in May, the English press be-
gan to give frequent columns to the
opposition of the archeologist to the
English government, which had just-
ly forbidden him to excavate the

Roman camp, 011 the ground that it
had already been thoroughly gone
over by men in the employ of the
government itself. Mr. Carson Field-
ing had, it appeared, written a fiery
letter to the press concerning the
injustice of the government. The
letter had attracted considerable at-
tention, and after a decent interval,
Sir Arthur Morley wrote a full page
article on “the eccentric Mr. Field-
ing. ’ ’ Whatever Mr. Carson Fielding
had to say about this article is not
known; for it is certain that nothing
appeared in the papers. For several
months nothing more was heard of the
activities of the archeologist at Caer-
leon-on-Usk.

  He was again brought to the atten-
tion of the public by a fourth-page
advertisement announcing the publi-
cation of a posthumous volume of
papers “by the late Mr. Carson Field-
ing, by the house of Mead & Howells,
Ltd.” It developed that the late
Fielding had died at his temporary
home at Caerleon-on-Usk under cir-
cumstances that Avere being investi-
gated by relatives of the dead man.
Nothing was ever discovered, and for
OLD MARK

267

the public, the last heard of the
areheologist. was the suppression of
his posthumous volume of papers be-
cause of several wildly impossible
essays on ancient Roman and Dru-
idistic magic, which the government
deemed better unprinted.

  It was Mr. Carson Fielding who
had written a very interesting paper
in my possession on the subject of
Marcus Vibius Gal acinus, legendary
Roman-Celtic wizard of Caerleon-on-
Usk. It was popularly believed that
this ancient person had held the
countryside in a terrorizing grasp,
due to his control of black magic.
Even today mothers can be heard
warning their children not to loiter
after dark, telling them that if they
do Old Mark will get them. There
are innumerable legends current
about him, but perhaps the best and
most widely known of them is the
legend of Old Mark’s familiar, who,
it was averred by several, had been
drawn in part from the earth, in
part from the waters of the world,
and finished from the air of the uni-
verse. It was told in the best houses
of how this creature from another
world did the bidding of Old Mark;
of how the wizard’s enemies were
visited by fire and flood; and of how
many of them were found dead, their
heads crushed as if by some hideous,
gigantic hand.

  It is told that one day this hideous
monstrosity turned against its master
and killed him; and of how Old
Mark, stronger than his familiar
even after death, rose up against the
thing to send it back to the place
whence it came; and of how the
wizard sent his lifeless body sham-
bling across the fields toward the
Roman villas, bearing under his arm
an hidebound bag, some say a casket,
in which he had imprisoned the
creature from outside. He was never
after seen, nor was any trace of him
ever discovered.

  Later in the same month of Oc-
tober that had witnessed the death

of the areheologist, I had occasion to
visit the rector Of the church at’
Caerleon-on-Usk. It was because I
required the assistance of this ven-
erable pastor on a paper of mine that
I called upon him. I had not in-'
tended to make any sort of stay, but'
it developed, to my pleasure, that he
was able to aid me in a number of
ways, and I was constrained upon to
stay with him for a week.

  The rector’s home stood just
across a picturesque street from the
church, a rather recent..building in
the Gothic style. Beyond its spires
one could see the open country, and
off to the left, on a hill, stood all
that was left of the ancient seat of
the Second Augustan legion, one of
the spots under government super-
vision. The entire country impressed
me most favorably; it was like a
personification of beauty. I remem-
ber looking out toward the ruins on
the hill, trying to imagine the corpse
of Old Mark moving toward it over
the fields.

  “I hope, sir,” said the rector,
showing me to my room, “that you
have no objection to staying in a
room in which a man was supposed
to have been murdered.”

  “None at all!”I said,and laughed.
“How long ago was he murdered?”
“Only this month, Mr. Sinclair.”
Ho opened the door of the room.
It was a small room, containing only
a narrow bed, a heavy oak desk, two
chairs, and a seven-armed candela-
brum. A worn rug covered the floor,
and the one window was hidden by
the folds of a faded curtain, through
which I could see the limbs of a yew.
The room, however, had an appear-
ance of comfoi’t.

  “Perhaps you remember Mr. Car-
son Fielding?” asked the I’eetor.

  “Of course! Was he actually mur-
dered?”

  “No one has proved it.” He
laughed. “But his death was a bit
queer. That heavy candelabrum had
evidently fallen and struck him on
268

WEIRD TALES

the head. It looked as if he had been
killed at once; I know, because I
found him. There was a most pe-
culiar expression of terror on his face
—positively unnerving, Mr. Sinclair,
positively unnerving! ’ ’

  *	‘ Odd! The papers said nothing of
it.”

  "Oh! there’s a lot the papers
won’t get. Everybody seems to think
that it was perfectly natural for that
candelabrum to fall and kill Mr.
Fielding, and no one thought it at
all important that it had never fallen
before—nor after, for that matter.
It isn’t very easy to knock over,
either.”

  "He could have knocked it over
though, couldn’t he?”

  “Confidentially, Mr. Sinclair, he
could not. Mr. Fielding was found
dead at his desk. His head had fallen
forward; there was a horrible gash
in the back of it. Both his arms hung
at his sides. The candelabrum was
on the mantel seven feet behind him
before his death; after, it was found
on the floor about two feet from the
desk. He couldn’t conceivably have
placed it in its holder, which, inci-
dentally, is just above his head.”

  “Why not? And why couldn’t it
have slipped out? The theory would
work.”

  “That’s what the coroner thought,
and what his relatives were per-
suaded into believing. But examine
the holder yourself, Mr. Sinclair.
You’ll see that, in order to have
slipped out, the iron circle or loop
at the bottom would have had to be
opened. It wasn’t, and besides, even
if it had opened, who closed it again?
For it was closed when I found Mr.
Fielding. The coroner said it slipped
shut again—a most remarkable mind
that man had! He didn’t try to prove
it, though.”

  I walked to the window and drew
aside the curtain. I looked out at the
yew tree. The rector must have
guessed my thoughts, for he spoke
again.

  “Yes,” he said, “the window was
open, Mr. Sinclair. But you can eas-
ily see that the yew is too far away
for anyone to have entered that way.
This rectory is a three-story build-
ing, and as this room is on the second
floor, the distances from both roof
and ground are about equal, and both
rather of a risk. I had the roof
examined; in fact, I examined it my-
self, and the ground also. There
wasn’t a trace of anything. Besides,
Mr. Fielding sat facing the window;
he’d have noticed if anything came
in through the window. After all, he
was struck down from behind.”
“Couldn’t one of your own ser-
vants, or perhaps someone that got

into the house-” I began.

  ‘ * That was the very first theory to
be discarded, Mr. Sinclair. The door
was locked on the inside. We had to
break it in. There’s a new lock on
it now.”

  “You don’t seem to offer any solu-
tion, do you?” I laughed.

  “I don’t pretend to. I don’t be-
lieve there is any—at least, not one
that I could understand.” For a
moment he was silent. “Do you
know very much about your Mr. Car-
son Fielding, Mr. Sinclair?”

  “Well, no, I don’t, except that he
was an extraordinarily good arche-
ologist. ’ ’

  "I’d always thought that, too, Mr.
Sinclair, but it seemed to me that the
man was a bit—well, you know, a bit
balmy. He was rather a frightened
man at the last; afraid, I suppose,
of the government, for he had been
making secret excavations here and
there.”

  "I don’t think that the govern-
ment was aware of that.”

  "Nor do I. But what else could
he have been frightened of? He
didn’t impress me as the sort of man
that could easily be frightened. He
wasn’t, either! By the way. I ob-
served the other day that his latest
work had been barred from the pub-
lic. Have you read of it at all?”
OLD MARK

269

  "Nothing beyond a notice of its
publication and suppression. Why do
you ask?”

  "I’ve a copy somewhere about the
house—one of Mr. Fielding’s proof
copies that he let me keep. If you
care to read it, you may. There are
some mighty queer passages in the
essays in the last half of the book;
some of them sound almost as if they
had been written by a madman. I’ve
never read the like before, and I’ve
studied witchcraft and the occult.”

Tn the morning I found the book
-i on my desk. I glanced hastily
through it, and put it down again to
read when I returned from the Ro-
man ruins, whither I was bound. The
rector had indicated to me the spots
where the archeologist had excavat-
ed, and I was determined to examine
them, possibly with the thought of
becoming famed through some dis-
covery of importance.

  I went over one place after anoth-
er, and came at last to a series of
flat tiles, somewhat overgrown by
moss, one of which Fielding had
pulled away. I remember that I had
no difficulty in discovering it at the
moment. Beneath it I found a small
silver urn, the seals of which had
been broken. On the side was a Latin
inscription, which I had some little
difficulty in reading. It ran half-way
round the urn and read:

INTEGRITY'S. EXTRA. SI. NON. INTRA.

 The seals of the urn had been
broken, and that recently. I won-
dered not a little why Fielding had
not taken this obviously Roman relic
away to his room, to study at his
leisure. I was sure that it was Field-
ing who had broken the seals. I
smuggled the urn under my coat,
and went directly to my room, in-
tending to return on the morrow and
resume my investigations.

  I examined the urn intently. There
was nothing extraordinary about it,
except perhaps the puzzling inscrip-

tion. It was of plain silver. The
seals were those of Hadrian. It was,
I knew, a common practise to cre-
mate the dead in Rome, and to bury
them in urns such as this. Conse-
quently I was considerably aston-
ished to find no trace whatsoever of
ashes on the inside of the urn;
though I examined it with my read-
ing-glass, there was nothing to indi-
cate that there had ever been ashes
in the urn. I assumed that Fielding
had removed the ashes—though for
what reason I could not conjecture—
and then washed the urn and re-
placed it. The theory is ridiculous,
I know, but at the time it did not
occur to me that the urn might never
have been occupied by ashes of some
dead Roman. I recall, now, that the
urn was peculiarly warm to the
touch.

  I	put the urn safely away, and
turned my attention to the work of
Fielding’s. The first half of the book
dealt almost entirely with the Ro-
man occupation; the last half of it
was composed of a collection of
papers on weird rites of old Roman
and Briton wizards. The last paper
in the volume was very disconnected,
and had about it an air of great
haste, as if the author somehow
realized that this would be the last
thing he would ever write and was
in haste to finish it. One passage in
it attracted my attention at once. It
was a paragraph, and it began with
the same Latin inscription that I had
found on the silver urn:

  . . . . This inscription is supposed to
have been found on numerous containers of
all kinds—urns, bottles, jars; also on wood
carvings, stones, and in some cases trees.
Very little proof is at hand, however, and
what there is can be questioned. There are
many things we know not of—many things
that were never meant for human eye. It
is said that if the seals of these urns, jars,
or bottles are broken, or if the stones are
cracked open, or if the trees are chopped
down, incredible things will happen to the
perpetrator. What are these things, and
what will bring them about? Is it possible
that there are living entities that no eye
has seen—no ear has heard—no hand has
270

WEIRD TALES

touched? There is a story of Solomon and
the genii of evil.

  It was this paragraph that first
gave me an inkling of the real mean-
ing behind the Latin inscription. Un-
fortunately, I did not act at once, or
perhaps I could have prevented what
happened three days afterward. But
I am going ahead of my story.

HPhat night, as I undressed for bed,
I noticed on my right breast a
brownish discoloration of the skin
which bore a remarkable resem-
blance to a burn. It did not hurt
when I touched it, nor could I re-
move any part of it. It was curious-
ly like an X-ray burn, and I had no
idea where it could have come from.
I examined it for some moments in
silence, before it occurred to me that
the mark was somewhat like the out-
line of the urn. I reflected immedi-
ately that it was just above this burn
that I had smuggled the urn under
my coat. There was, I was certain,
some connection. Perhaps the Ro-
mans had treated this silver with
some sort of acid. Yet there was no
mark upon my clothes. I gave it up
after a while, and tumbled into bed.

  Somewhat after midnight I awoke
the first time, after having had
troubled dreams of the urn and its
Latin words, which I seemed to see
written in great letters of flame upon
a lurid red sky, and before which
countless people were fleeing. The
thought of the urn bothered me, and

1	got up to see whether it was safe.
It was still where I had placed it
before retiring—in the chest opposite
my bed. I went back to bed, and
lay for some time simulating sleep.
But I could not sleep. I stared out
of the open window. It was a calm
night, without a breath of air. I
looked back into the room, a vague
sense of uneasiness stealing over me.
Then at last I sank into a light sleep.

  I woke up the second time at about

2	o’clock. There was a peculiar feel-
ing of cold in the room, and the cur-

tains at the window were swaying
to and fro under the impetus of a
wind that had arisen. I was absurd-
ly frightened at something, though
at what, I could not tell. I looked
sleepily around. My eye caught sight
of something vaguely suggestive a
little to one side of the chest. I sat
up. startled. But there was nothing,
though I could have taken an oath
that I had seen evil eyes glaring at
me. I was by now thoroughly awake,
and I slipped on my dressing-gown
and put on the light. The room was
as I had left it at retiring, and the
wind from outside had quieted down
—strangely soon, I reflected.

  I sat up the rest of the night and
read.

For the next three days I labored
with the rector on my paper, but
for some reason I could not concen-
trate, and I found myself constantly
revising portion after portion. I con-
fess that the thought of the urn, and
of the strange Latin words, bothered
me not a little. Why this should dis-
turb me I could not say, nor do I
now make any attempt to explain
my disquieted feelings.

  On the third night the final scene
of what was destined to be one of
the most remarkable occurrences of
my life began. It was, as before,
soon after midnight when I awoke,
from a sleep fully as troubled as that
of the first night. I had dreamed
again of the urn, and of the Latin
words, which had, by this time,
grown to enormous proportions in
my mind. I dreamed, too, of an un-
thought-of monster, a great, loath-
some creature, who sought his way
through Caerleon-on-Usk, striking
down victim after victim. I dreamed
that he caught sight of me, pursued
me. and took me in one of his gi-
gantic paws and leered at me. I
screamed aloud. It was then that I
awoke, shuddering.

  When I opened my eyes, I lay fac-
ing the chest. Judge my horror, if
OLD MARK

271

you can, when I saw hovering above
the chest the same malevolent face
of my dream. I lay immobile, frozen
with terror. There was an undulat-
ing black cloud about the chest, and
in the midst of it I could faintly see
a jumble of fiery Latin words, five of
which stood out plainly:

INTERITVS. EXTRA. SI. NON. INTRA.

  For a moment I thought that I
imagined it. Then I screamed again,
and drew my head beneath the cov-
ers. The last I saw was the cloud of
black moving toward the window.
The curtains seemed to open to meet
it.

  When I looked again, all was nor-
mal in the room. I got up, horribly
shaken, turned on the light and made
my way downstairs for a glass of
water. I had scarcely turned the tap,
when a chilling scream of fright
echoed from outside.

   I ran to the door and flung it wide.
On the stairs behind me I could hear
the rector. The moon was out, and.
half in the shadow cast by the church
across its stone steps, and half out,
lay the body of a man. Together,
the rector and I ran over to him. It
was the sexton, and he was dead, a
horrible gash in his crushed head
still spilling blood. Close by, in the
shadow, lay the weapon the crime
had been committed with. The l’ector
moved over toward it.

  “My God!” he cried sharply;
"how did this get here?”

   He pointed a shaking finger at the
weapon. I took a step forward and
recognized it. It was the seven-armed
candelabrum from my room!

  For a moment we stood in stupe-
fied amazement before the weapon,
but only for a moment; for suddenly
the solution of all that had been hap-
pening for the last few days—all
that had started with the murder of
Fielding and had culminated with
the death of the sexton—burst upon
me. And with that knowledge came
the knowledge that I had been chosen

to nip in the bud such a scourge as
had never yet threatened any civi-
lized city.

  I looked cautiously around, to as-
sure myself that no one was in sight.
Then I bent down, snatched up the
weapon, and with the rector, ran
back toward the house, leaving the
dead man to be discovered by some-
one else. I replaced the candela-
brum. Then I sought out the last of
Fielding’s works, and again read the
last essay, which by now had as-
sumed an altogether different mean-
ing. I discovered, too, penciled notes
in the back of the volume, which I
had not seen before. Had it not been
for these, perhaps the evil thing that
had been loosed upon Caerleon-on-
Usk would still be at large.

  “Listen,” I said, and read to the
rector:

  Born before man out of fire, these
daemons inhabit the domain of humanity.
They can, it is said, be exorcised, and this
simply. A blessed crucifix burnt in the
urn. . . . There is, too, a wind that blows
evil tilings at night. Things we know
not of. . . . Picture to yourself the spectacle
of an old man’s corpse loping across the
fields, carrying under his dead arm an urn,
in which is' one of these things.

  “Have you a blessed crucifix any-
where?” I asked the rector.

  “Yes, yes,” he answered quickly,
“I will get it,”

  He left the room, and I read on
through the notes scattered all over
the unlettered pages in the back of
the volume. “It must be done by
one man, alone!” I read, and when
the rector returned with the crucifix,
I read it aloud to him, signifying
that I was the one to do the thing.
Still somewhat shaken, the rector
left the room, and immediately I set
myself to the task.

Itook the urn, placed it in the
center of the floor, and put into it
the crucifix. I put out the light, then
tried for some moments to ignite the
cross. At last I succeeded, thrust it
back into the urn, and moved some
272

WEIRD TALES

distance away to await developments.
As yet I was not wholly satisfied
with the connection of the urn to the
dead man on the church steps.

  But what doubts I still retained
were soon dispersed, for suddenly a
terrific burst of wind blew wide the
curtains on the windows. After it
came a cloud of black, like smoke,
that swirled in impotent fury above
the urn. The swirling motion re-
solved at last into a gentle undulat-
ing sway. The walls of the room be-
came invisible, and instead there was
a sort of greenish glow. A pano-
rama opened out before my aston-
ished eyes—opened onto the Roman
ruins on the hill behind the church!
I saw an old man, garbed in a black
toga, bending over the tiles of the
flooring, lifting one of them, and
thrusting beneath it an urn. Then
suddenly the scene changed, but
flashed back again, with a different
figure on the landscape. It was none
other than Mr. Carson Fielding! I
saw him go over the tiles, coming at
last to that identical one I myself
had lifted not so long ago. He
stooped and removed it, and drew
from it the urn. He looked around
him; then broke the seals. Unnoticed
by him, a great black thing emerged
and vanished into the sky. Disap-
pointed, he replaced the urn, and
moved away. Then abruptly the
scene vanished, and the black cloud
began to swirl about the room. T
caught a vivid glimpse of the fire in
the urn.

  I felt now that the thing was in
the room, hidden by the blackness.
Of a sudden I caught sight of long,

grotesque arms, waving to and fro,
and of a maniacal face, twisted into
horrible fury. Abruptly I felt the
full current of its malefic power di-
l’ected straight at me. Out of the pit
of blackness that had taken form
shot a stream of fire. A red glow suf-
fused the black cloud, and in a mo-
ment I felt a terrific heat. The
stream of fire from the cloud was
taking visible form—it was dividing
and redividing—forming the words
of the Latin inscription! Behind this
fiery warning appeared the most
awful face that I have ever seen, or
ever imagined in the depths of slum-
ber. I was numb with fright.

  All at once the words formed a sort
of cone shape; the leering mouth of
the dasmon opened wide and closed;
and the face, now brightly red, pre-
ceded by those fiery words, came di-
rectly at me.

  That is all that I remember. I
awoke to find the anxious rector
bending over me. I was all right.
The rector said that he had heard me
scream; then a terrific noise as of a
thunderclap had shaken the house.
When he entered, he found me on the
floor. The urn had utterly vanished,
but on the floor, where it had been,
lay a fine, faint sifting of ashes,
formed into the words:

INTERITVS. EXTRA. SI. NON. INTRA.

  And on the following day, an old
woman who lived on the outskirts of
the town came to the rector with a
story of having seen Old Mark run-
ning across the fields to the ruins; at
his side a lean black shape, like that
of a dog.
His Unconquerable Enemy

By W. C. MORROW

1WAS summoned from Calcutta to
the heart of India to perform a
difficult surgical operation on one
of the women of a great raja’s house-
hold. I found the raja a man of a
noble character, but possessed, as I
afterward discovered, of a sense of
cruelty purely Oriental and in con-
trast to the indolence of his disposi-
tion. He was so grateful for the suc-
cess that attended my mission that he
urged me to remain a guest at the pal-
ace as long as it might please me to
stay, and I thankfully accepted the
invitation.

  One of the male servants early at-
tracted my notice for his marvelous
capacity of malice. His name was
Neranya, and I am certain that there
must have been a large proportion of
Malay blood in his veins, for, unlike
the Indians (from whom he differed
also in complexion), he was extreme-
ly alert, active, nervous, and sensitive.
A redeeming circumstance was his
love for his master. Once his violent
temper led him to the commission of
an atrocious crime—the fatal stabbing
of a dwarf. In punishment for this
the raja ordered that Neranya’s right
arm (the offending one) be severed
from his body. The sentence was ex-
ecuted in a bungling fashion by a stu-

pid fellow armed with an ax, and I,
being a surgeon, was compelled, in
order to save Neranya’s life, to per-
form an amputation of the stump,
leaving not a vestige of the limb re-
maining.

  After this he developed an aug-
mented fiendishness. His love for the
raja was changed to hate, and in his
mad anger he flung discretion to the
winds. Driven once to frenzy by the
raja’s scornful treatment, he sprang
upon the raja with a knife, but,
fortunately, was seized and disarmed.
To his unspeakable dismay the raja
sentenced him for this offense to suffer
amputation of the remaining arm. It
was done as in the former instance.
This had the effect of putting a tem-
porary curb on Neranya’s spirit, or,
rather, of changing the outward man-
ifestations of his diabolism. Being
armless, he was at first largely at the
mercy of those who ministered to his
needs—a duty which I undertook to
see was properly discharged, for I felt
an interest in this strangely distorted
nature. His sense of helplessness,
combined with a damnable scheme
for revenge which he had secretly
formed, caused Neranya to change his
fierce, impetuous, and unruly conduct
into a smooth, quiet, insinuating bear-
274

WEIRD TALES

ing, which he carried so artfully as to
deceive those with whom he was
brought in contact, including the raja
himself.

  Neranya, being exceedingly quick,
intelligent, and dexterous, and hav-
ing an unconquerable will, turned his
attention to the cultivating of an en-
larged usefulness of his legs, feet, and
toes, with so excellent effect that in
time he was able to perform wonder-
ful feats with those members. Thus
his capability, especially for destruc-
tive mischief, was considerably re-
stored.

  One morning the raja’s only son, a
young man of an uncommonly ami-
able and noble disposition, was found
dead in bed. His murder was a most
atrocious one, his body being muti-
lated in a shocking manner, but in my
eyes the most significant of all the
mutilations was the entire removal
and disappearance of the young
prince’s arms.

  The death of the young man nearly
brought the raja to the grave. It
was not, therefore, until I had nursed
him back to health that I began a
systematic inquiry into the murder.
I said nothing of my own discoveries
and conclusions until after the raja
and his officers had failed and my
work had been done; then I submitted
to him a written report, making a
close analysis of all the circumstances
and closing by charging the crime to
Neranya. The raja, convinced by my
proof and argument, at once ordered
Neranya to be put to death, this to be
accomplished slowly and with fright-
ful tortures. The sentence was so
cruel and revolting that it filled me
with horror, and I implored that the
wretch be shot. Finally, through a
sense of gratitude to me, the raja re-
laxed. When Neranya was charged
with the crime he denied it, of course,
but, seeing that the raja was con-
vinced, he threw aside all restraint,
and, dancing, laughing, and shrieking
in the most horrible manner, confessed
his guilt, gloated over it, and reviled

the raja to his teeth—this, knowing
that some fearful death awaited him.

  The raja decided upon the details
of the matter that night, and in the
morning he informed me of his de-
cision. It was that Neranya’s life
should be spared, but that both of his
legs should be broken with hammers,
and that then I should amputate the
limbs at the trunk! Appended to this
horrible sentence was a provision that
the maimed wretch should be kept and
tortured at regular intervals by such
means as afterward might be devised.

  Sickened to the heart by the awful
duty set out for me, I nevertheless
performed it with success, and I care
to say nothing more about that part
of the tragedy. Neranya escaped
death very narrowly and was a long
time in recovering his wonted vitality.
During all these weeks the raja
neither saw him nor made inquiries
concerning him, but when, as in duty
bound, I made official report that the
man had recovered his strength, the
raja’s eyes brightened, and he
emerged with deadly activity from
the stupor into which he so long had
been plunged.

The raja’s palace was a noble struc-
ture, but it is necessary here to
describe only the grand hall. It was
an immense chamber, with a floor of
polished, inlaid stone and a lofty,
arched ceiling. A soft light stole into
it through stained glass set in the roof
and in high windows on one side. In
the middle of the room was a rich
fountain, which threw up a tall, slen-
der column of water, with smaller and
shorter jets grouped around it. Across
one end of the hall, half-way to the
ceiling, was a balcony, which com-
municated with the upper story of a
wing, and from which a flight of stone
stairs descended to the floor of the
hall. During the hot summers this
room was delightfully cool; it was the
raja’s favorite lounging-place, and
when the nights were hot he had his
cot taken thither, and there he slept.
HIS UNCONQUERABLE ENEMY

275

  This hall was chosen for Neranya’s
permanent prison; here was he to stay
so long as he might live, with never
a glimpse of the shining world or the
glorious heavens. To one of his nerv-
ous, discontented nature such con-
finement was worse than death. At
the raja’s order there was constructed
for him a small pen of open iron-
work, circular, and about four feet
in diameter, elevated on four slender
iron posts, ten feet above the floor,
and placed between the balcony and
the fountain. Such was Neranya’s
prison. The pen was about four feet
in depth, and the pen-top was left
open for the convenience of the serv-
ants whose duty it should be to care
for him. These precautions for his
safe confinement were taken at my
suggestion, for, although the man was
now deprived of all four of his limbs,
I still feared that he might develop
some extraordinary, unheard-of pow-
er for mischief. It was provided that
the attendants should reach his cage
by means of a movable ladder.

  All these arrangements having been
made and Neranya hoisted into his
cage, the raja emerged upon the bal-
cony to see him for the first time since
the last amputation. Neranya had
been lying panting and helpless on the
floor of his cage, but when his quick
ear caught the sound of the raja’s
footfall he squirmed about until he
had brought the back of his head
against the railing, elevating his eyes
above his chest, and enabling him to
peer through the open-work of the
cage. Thus the two deadly enemies
faced each other. The raja’s stern
face paled at sight of the hideous,
shapeless thing which met his gaze;
but he soon recovered, and the old
hard, cruel, sinister look returned.
Neranya’s black hair and beard had
grown long, and they added to the
natural ferocity of his aspect. His
eyes blazed upon the raja with a ter-
rible light, his lips parted, and he
gasped for breath; his face was ashen

with rage and despair, and his thin,
distended nostrils quivered.

  The raja folded his arms and gazed
down from the balcony upon the
frightful wreck that he had made.
Oh, the dreadful pathos of that pic-
ture; the inhumanity of it; the deep
and dismal tragedy of it! Who might
look into the wild, despairing heart of
the prisoner and see and understand
the frightful turmoil there; the surg-
ing, choking passion; unbridled but
impotent ferocity; frantic thirst for a
vengeance that should be deeper than
hell! Neranya gazed, his shapeless
body heaving, his eyes aflame; and
then, in a strong, clear voice, which
rang throughout the great hall, with
rapid speech he hurled at the raja
the most insulting defiance, the most
awful curses. He cursed the womb
that had conceived him, the food that
should nourish him, the wealth that
had brought him power; cursed him in
the name of Buddha and all the wise
men; cursed by the sun, the moon,
and the stars; by the continents,
mountains, oceans, and rivers; by all
things living; cursed his head, his
heart, his entrails; cursed in a whirl-
wind of unmentionable words; heaped
unimaginable insults and contumely
upon him; called him a knave, a beast,
a fool, a liar, an infamous and un-
speakable coward.

  The raja heard it all camly, without
the movement of a muscle, without the
slightest change of countenance; and
when the poor wretch had exhausted
his strength and fallen helpless and
silent to the floor, the raja, with a
grim, cold.smile, turned and strode
away.

  The days passed. The raja, not de-
terred by Neranya’s curses often
heaped upon him, spent even more
time than formerly in the great hall,
and slept there oftener at night; and
finally Neranya wearied of cursing
and defying him, and fell into a sul-
len silence. The man was a study for
me, and I observed every change in
276

WEIRD TALES

Ms fleeting moods. Generally his con-
dition was that of miserable despair,
which he attempted bravely to con-
ceal. Even the boon of suicide had
been denied him. for when he would
wriggle into an erect position the rail
of his pen was a foot above his head,
so that he could not clamber over and
break his skull on the stone floor be-
neath; and when he had tried to
starve himself the attendants forced
food down his throat; so that he
abandoned such attempts. At times
his eyes would blaze and his breath
would come in gasps, for imaginary
vengeance was working within him;
but steadily he became quieter and
more tractable, and was pleasant and
responsive when I would converse
with him. Whatever might have been
the tortures which the raja had de-
cided on, none as yet had been or-
dered; and although Neranya knew
that they were in contemplation, he
never referred to them or complained
of his lot.

  The awful climax of this situation
was reached one night, and even after
this lapse of years I can not approach
its description without a shudder.

It was a hot night, and the raja had
gone to sleep in the great hall,
lying on a high cot placed on the main
floor just underneath the edge of the
balcony. I had been unable to sleep
in my own apartment, and so I had
stolen into the great hall through the
heavily curtained entrance at the end
farthest from the balcony. As I en-
tered I heard a peculiar, soft sound
above the patter of the fountain. Ne-
ranya’s cage was partly concealed
from my view by the spraying water,
but I suspected that the unusual sound
came from him. Stealing a little to
one side, and crouching against the
dark hangings of the wall, I could
see him in the faint light which dimly
illuminated the hall, and then I dis-
covered that my surmise was correct
—Neranya was quietly at work. Cu-
rious to learn more, and knowing that

only mischief could have been inspir-
ing him, ] sank into a thiek robe on
the floor and watched him.

  To my great astonishment Neranya
was tearing off with his teeth the bag
which served as his outer garment.
He did it cautiously, casting sharp
glances frequently at the raja, who,
sleeping soundly on his cot below,
breathed heavily. After starting a
strip with his teeth, Neranya, by the
same means, would attach it to the
railing of his cage and then wriggle
away, much after the manner of a cat-
erpillar’s crawling, and this would
cause the strip to be torn out the full
length of his garment. He repeated
this operation with incredible patience
and skill until his entire garment had
been torn into strips. Two or three
of these he tied end to end with his
teeth, lips, and tongue, tightening the
knots by placing one end of the strip
under his body and drawing the other
taut with his teeth. In this way he
made a line several feet long, one end
of which he made fast to the rail with
his mouth. It then began to dawn
upon me that he was going to make
an insane attempt — impossible of
achievement without hands, feet,
arms, or legs—to escape from his
cage! For what purpose? The raja
was asleep in the hall—ah! I caught
my breath. Oh, the desperate, insane
thirst for revenge which could have
unhinged so clear and firm a mind!
Even though he should accomplish the
impossible feat of climbing over the
railing of his cage that he might fall
to the floor below (for how could he
slide down the rope?), he would be
in all probability killed or stunned;
and even if he should escape these
dangers it would be impossible for
him to clamber upon the cot without
rousing the raja, and impossible even
though the raja were dead! Amazed
at the man’s daring, and convinced
that his sufferings and brooding had
destroyed his reason, nevertheless I
watched him with breathless interest.

  With other strips tied together he
HIS UNCONQUERABLE ENEMY

277

made a short swing across one side of
his cage. He caught the long line in
his teeth at a point not far from the
rail; then, wriggling with great effort
to an upright position, his back braced
against the rail, he put his chin over
the swing and worked toward one
end. He tightened the grasp of his
chin on the swing, and with tremen-
dous exertion, working the lower end
of his spine against the railing, he
began gradually to ascend the side of
his cage. The labor was so great that
he was compelled to pause at inter-
vals, and his breathing was hard and
painful; and even while thus resting
he was in a position of terrible strain,
and his pushing against the swing
caused it to press hard against his
windpipe and nearly strangle him.

•	After amazing effort he had elevat-
ed the lower end of his body until it
protruded above the railing, the top
of which was now across the lower
end of his abdomen. Gradually he
worked his body over, going back-
ward, until there was sufficient excess
of weight on the outer side of the rail;
and then, with a quick lurch, he raised
his head and shoulders and swung
into a horizontal position on top of
the rail. Of course, he would have
fallen to the floor below had it not
been for the line which he held in his
teeth. With so great nicety had he
estimated the distance between his
mouth and the point where the rope
was fastened to the rail, that the line
tightened and checked him just as he
reached the horizontal position on the
rail. If one had told me beforehand
that such a feat as I had just seen
this man accomplish was possible, I
should have thought him a fool.

  Neranya was now balanced on his
stomach across the top of the rail, and
he eased his position by bending his
spine and hanging down on either side
as much as possible. Having rested
thus for some minutes, he began cau-
tiously to slide off backward, slowly
paying out the line through his teeth,

finding almost a fatal difficulty in
passing the knots. Now, it is quite
possible that the line would have
escaped altogether from his teeth lat-
erally when he would slightly relax
his hold to let it slip, had it not been
for a very ingenious plan to which he
had resorted. This consisted in his
having made a turn of the line around
his neck before he attacked the swing,
thus securing a threefold control of
the line,—one by his teeth, another by
friction against his neck, and a third
by his ability to compress it between
his cheek and shoulder. It was quite
evident now that the minutest details
of a most elaborate plan had been
carefully worked out by him before
beginning the task, and that possibly
weeks of difficult theoretical study
had been consumed in the mental
preparation. As I observed him I was
reminded of certain hitherto unac-
countable things which he had been
doing for some weeks past—going
through certain hitherto inexplicable
motions, undoubtedly for the purpose
of training his muscles for the im-
measurably arduous labor which he
was now performing.

  A stupendous and seemingly impos-
sible part of his task had been ac-
complished. Could he reach the floor
in safety? Gradually he worked him-
self backward over the rail, in im-
minent danger of falling; but his
nerve never wavered, and I could see
a wonderful light in his eyes. With
something of a lurch, his body fell
against the outer side of the railing,
to which he was hanging by his chin,
the line still held firmly in his teeth.
Slowly he slipped his chin from the
rail, and then hung suspended by the
line in his teeth. By almost imper-
ceptible degrees, with infinite caution,
he descended the line, and, finally,
his unwieldy body rolled upon the
floor, safe and unhurt!

  What miracle would this superhu-
man monster next accomplish? I was
quick and strong, and was ready and
278

WEIRD TALES

able to intercept any dangerous act;
but not until danger appeared would
I interfere with this extraordinary
scene.

  I must confess to astonishment upon
having observed that Neranya, instead
of proceeding directly toward the
sleeping raja, took quite another di-
rection. Then it was only escape,
after all, that the wretch contem-
plated, and not the murder of the
raja. But how could he escape? The
only possible way to reach the outer
air without great risk was by ascend-
ing the stairs to the balcony and leav-
ing by the corridor which opened
upon it, and thus fall into the hands
of some British soldiers quartered
thereabout, who might conceive the
idea of hiding him; but surely it was
impossible for Neranya to ascend that
long flight of stairs! Nevei'theless, he
made directly for them, his method of
progression this: He lay upon his
back, with the lower end of his body
toward the stairs; then bowed his
spine upward, thus drawing his
head and shoulders a little forward;
straightened, and then pushed the
lower end of his body forward a space
equal to that through which he had
drawn his head; repeating this again
and again, each time, while bending
his spine, preventing his head from
slipping by pressing it against the
floor. His progress was laborious and
slow, but sensible; and, finally, he ar-
rived at the foot of the stairs.

  It was manifest that his insane pur-
pose was to ascend them. The desire
for freedom must have been strong
within him! Wriggling to an upright
position against the newel-post, he
looked iip at the great height which
he had to climb and sighed; but there
was no dimming of the light in his
eyes. How could lie accomplish the
impossible task?

  His solution of the problem was
very simple, though daring and per-
ilous as all the rest. While leaning
against the newel-post he let himself

fall diagonally upon the bottom step,
where he lay partly hanging over, but
safe, on his side. Turning upon his
back, he wriggled forward along the
step to the rail and raised himself to
an upright position against it as he
had against the newel-post, fell as be-
fore, and landed on the second step.
In this manner, with inconceivable
labor, he accomplished the ascent of
the entire flight of stairs.

  It being apparent to me that the
raja was not the object of Neranya’s
movements, the anxiety which I had
felt on that account was now entirely
dissipated. The things which already
he had accomplished were entirely be-
yond the nimblest imagination. The
sympathy which I had always felt for
the wretched man was now greatly
quickened; and as infinitesimally small
as I knew his chances for escape to
be, I nevertheless hoped that he would
succeed. Any assistance from me,
however, was out of the question; and
it never should be known that I had
witnessed the escape.

  Neranya was now upon the balcony,
and I could dimly see him wriggling
along toward the door which led out
upon the balcony. Finally he stopped
and wriggled to an upright position
against the rail, which had wide open-
ings between the balusters. His back
was toward me, but he slowly turned
and faced me and the hall. At that
great distance I could not distinguish
his features, but the slowness with
which he had worked, even before he
had fully accomplished the ascent of
the stairs, was evidence all too eloquent
of his extreme exhaustion. Nothing
but a most desperate resolution could
have sustained him thus far, but he
had drawn upon the last remnant of
his strength. He looked around the
hall with a sweeping glance, and then
down upon the raja, who was sleeping
immediately beneath him, over twenty
feet below. He looked long and ear-
nestly, sinking lower,, and lower, and
(Continued on page 288)
 While They $|00
   Last!

For ALL

For a Very
Limited Time

Everyone who enjoys good

detective and mystery stories
should take advantage of this
splendid money-saving offer. Bach
one a master detective story. Mar-
velous tales that spread before your
eyes a new and fascinating wortd of
romance and adventure—a breath-
less succession of amazing episodes—
crammed with mysterious action that
will hold you spellbound.

  Make sure of getting your set be-
fore they are all gone. Treat your-
self to some real entertainment while

you still have the chance. Send your
order today—RIGHT NOW! Just

pin a dollar bill to the coupon.

POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING CO.

Dept. 53, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, III.

POMJI-AK FICTION PUBLISHING CO.,
Dept. 53, 840 N, Michipa Ave., Chicago, HI.

    I enclose {!. Semi at onca. postage prepaid, the
12 stories listed in this advertisement. It is under-
stood this $1 is payment ia fail.

I Addreii--------------------------------

 I

j City---------------------------State---------
280	WEIRD TALES

The Eyrie

(Continued from page 150)

severe, obscene (as the conspiracy in The House of Golden Masks was termed),
detailed or many, for us readers. Here’s hoping for some more real good
tales along these lines.”

   Philip Kowalski, of Syracuse, New York, writes to the Eyrie: "The
Abysmal Invaders, by Edmond Hamilton, in my estimation was the best story
in your June issue. I agree with A. V. Pershing that the best would be a
weird Weird Tales. I have been on the lookout for a magazine that contains
stories just such as you have in your magazine. I like the stories to be weird,
horrible, filled with terror, uncanny, grotesque, in short, the tales that make
you afraid to go to bed. I note with interest that forthcoming issues will con-
lain stories by the master of terror, Gaston Leroux, author of The Phantom
of the Opera, which made such a good motion picture.”

   Mrs. Lilia Price Savino, of Portsmouth, Virginia, writes: "We have
enjoyed the last few copies of W. T. immensely. That was a great serial, The
Vengeance of the Dead, and there were some fine short stories too (I shivered
over The Dunwich Horror), and we are all disappointed when Dr. de Grandin
fails to appear. However, I agree with those who object to torture tales; give
us occult mysteries, fourth dimensions, and ghost tales a-plenty, but spare us
the torture.”

   Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue? The most popular
story in the June issue, as shown by your votes, was The House of Golden
Masks, by Seabury Quinn.

MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE AUGUST WEIRD TALES ARE

Story	Remarks

(1)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(2)-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(3)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1)-----------

(2)-----------

 I do not like the following stories:
 _______________ Why?___________

It will help us to know what kind of
stories you want in Weird Tales if you
will fill out this coupon and mail it to
The Eyrie, Weird Tales, S40 X. Michigan
Ave., Chicago, 111.

 Reader’s name and address:
WEIRD TALES

281

How Fat PartsV anished

No More
Big, Fat
Ugly
Hips!

        After Diet, Drugs, Baths, Exercise, Failed!

Now Eat All You Need, Yet Reduce Any Fat Part
of Body That Is Too Fat!

 Six

Pounds
Gone in
Two
Weeks.

Harmless, Pleasant, New, Easy Method

 NO more need you worry over double chin, "fatty”
 neck, bust, arms, abdomen, hips, legs or ankles,
 since the discovery of COLLIPASTE, thousands of fat
 women and men have taken many pounds oft* some part
 of body where fat showed too much.

   Does not contain water. You rub COLLIPASTE into
 fat part at night. Morning finds excess fat coming out
 like perspiration. Bulky parts quickly reduce in size
 and weight. Skin tightens. Tissues feel solid. Muscles
 are strengthened, almost like magic.

   COLLIPASTE is white, like cream, daintily perfumed, and
 works while you sleep. Successful results from every jar or
 money back! Order a jar now. Send no money, just coupon
 below. Reduce those ugly too-fat parts this new, easy way and
 keep your health.

MANY

TESTIFY

 Miss A. B. writes:
 ‘‘I have lost six
 pounds in two
 weeks. It really
 reduces
 the parts
 you use it
 on. X start-
 ed reduc-
 ingmyhips
 and stom-
 ach and al-
 ready feel
 liUe a new
 person.

CMP AND MAT I, COUPON.

 Dennolay Laboratories, Dept. 59-A,

No. 1700 Broadway, New York, N. X.

 Please send me, in plain wrapper, one jar of
 COLLIPASTE with book of instruction. On arrival
 I agree to pay postman $1.95, plus few cents postal
 charge, my money to be refunded if I am not sat-
 isfied.

Name -------------

Street and No.----

City or Town ____

State ------------

 YOU MEN PAST 40 TRY THIS

 _ _ _ All in? Weak? Lack
 w W Vigor7 If you have

ill

lost your Coureg'
I Grow Tired

  and t

  4 too soon: then
  send at once for
  777 (Formula), the amaz-
  ing new tonic discovery,
  pep and energy back
  quick. Feel like a new

 man, full of red-blooded	--

 vim and vigor. Nothing NEW WONDER TABLET
 like 777 (Formula). That’s why so# many are finding
 this tonic so wonderful. Satisfaction guaranteed or
 money back. Send $2.00 for double strength package.

 Special 2 package offer, $5.00. Also C.O.D.

  Ceres Co. Dep«.W.Y.-4—830 ftroh S«., Phlln,, Pa.

 SONG rOBM WRITERS—“REAL” PROPOSI-
 tion. Hibbeler, D-156, 2104 N. Keystone,
 Chicago.

What Do You Want?

Whatever it is we can help you get it. Just
give us the chance by writing for

**Clouds Dispelled

9 9

Absolutely Free. You will be Relighted. A*t
today! Write NOW!!

THE BROTHERHOOD OF LIGHT

Dept. O, Box 1526,	Los Angeles, Calif.
282	WEIRD TALES

The Inn of Terror

                        (Continued from page 165)

quite naturally: ‘How do I know?
How do you expect me to remember
what I said that evening any more
than any other evening? My words
were of no importance except to the
two who thought I was going to mur-
der them. What stupidity! Perhaps
they had something to do with the
next day’s work. I couldn't say. ... ’
"But the judge insisted: ‘TIow was
it that you and your wife weren’t as-
tonished when only two people came
down the next morning? Why were
you silent about that? We would
never have known a thing about all
this if Monsieur and Madame Chau-
lieu had not come themselves to tell
us that they fled in the night.!’

  " ‘Why should I be astonished?’
Scheffer answered. ‘You know the
little show we gave and still continue
to give for amateurs. It had fright-
ened the little lady, and she can tell
you herself that several times during
the evening she said: "The whole
place frightens me!” No, I was not
surprized, and I must admit that we
had a good laugh over it when the two
Italians told us the next morning, be-
fore leaving, that Monsieur and Ma-
dame had been frightened to death
and had escaped by the attic win-
dow. . . . Besides, we found the rope
there. ... As for the Italians, after
the abrupt departure of Monsieur and
Madame, they had carried their bed-
ding into the other room and had
passed an excellent night there,’

  " ‘Still, if the incident was as
funny as that, you had no reason to
keep still about it! ’

  ‘ ‘ ‘ But who told you I did ? On the
contrary, I’ve told it scores of times
to travelers stopping for a drink . . .

But to find them now-’

  " ‘You might have said something
to the stage-driver. ’

  " ‘Oh, when he stops at the inn he
has other things to do: he is busy

with his horses. Besides, he may have
heard my tale, at that.’

  " ‘No, he has never heard it. . . .
He never suspected a thing.’

  " ‘That, is quite possible. What
should he suspect? . .. That story is a
trivial matter. You surprize me with
all this fuss.’

  “ ‘The Italians didn’t tell you that
they frightened Monsieur and Ma-
dame in order to obtain possession of
the room ? ’

  " ‘Good heavens, no.’

  "The answer was a serious one, be-
cause after all, if the whole thing had
only been a joke it was strange that
the Italians had not boasted of it be-
fore their departure.

  ‘“Iam the only victim in the whole
affair,’ Scheffer went on, ‘because I
have not been paid for the bill yet.
And that, is probably why the Italians
did not confess that they were respon-
sible for the flight of the other two:
they did not want to be asked to pay
for the bill.’

 "As you see, he had an answer
ready for everything.

  "Nevertheless, the judge was per-
plexed and the inquest continued for
some time. They made new searches,
but they found nothing and the mat-
ter was finally dropped. It was not
until three years later, a year after
Maria-Luce’s death, that the affair
came to light again, and this time the
papers were full of wild tales.

  "Antonio Ferretti and Olivia Or-
sino had never been heard of again,
and you must admit that it was
strange. I know that Antonio Fer-
retti was married and that he may
have gone to some far corner of the
earth to enjoy his happiness under an
assumed name, but, after all, he was
just becoming famous, and to give up
such a splendid career forever! . . .
I grew more and more convinced that
they had been murdered, and even to-
WEIRD TALES

283

day after a .apse of over twenty years
I am positive of the fact.

  “But I was saying that three years
later something new occurred. In ex-
cavating not far from the inn, some
new bones were found, and you can
well pieture the stir that it caused.
The Weisbachs were on everyone’s
tongue again. And the Scheffers had
become famous overnight, as famous
as the Weisbachs had been! The ex-
perts, however, did not agree on the
age Of the bones.

  “In the meantime, first one, then
two, and then three families who had
had disappearances among their rela-
tions, claimed that they might quite
possibly have been victims of the
Scheffers, because they had taken a
trip through French Switzerland.
They went even so far as to establish
the fact that a young man from Linz,
who had abducted a girl of good fam-
ily, had slept one night at the ‘Inn of
Blood.’ At that, the Scheffers and
their servants were arrested and I
was called as one of the witnesses.

  “Their guilt seemed established and
there was no doubt that they would be
sentenced, when we suddenly learned
that the young man in question had
married the young girl of good family
in America, and that they were farm-
ers in Minnesota! The Scheffers were
acquitted. . . . And now my story is
done.”

  “And nothing more was ever heard
of the Italians?” Dorat demanded.

  “Never.”

  “And the Scheffers are still going
strong?” Captain Michel asked, and
this time he was not joking.

  “Yes, they are still there making
money. I heard of them quite recently
from a friend who passed through
Soleure. The ‘ Inn of Blood ’ has become
historical. People come from far and
near to see it; only no one ever asks to
spend the night in the ‘travelers’
room ’! ”

   Another vivid story by Gaston Leroux. “The
Woman With th? Veivat Collar.” will he pub-
lished soon.

White Magic

and Its Laws

A Remarkable Book

LOANED
To A11 Seekers
For Power

Whatever you imagine the power ot Black
Magic may be, remember there is a pure
WHITE MAGIC which is as potent for good.

With the higher occult laws and secrets of
mystical power you can change the course
of your life and attract success, health,
happiness and a development of mental
foresight that will astound you and surprise
your friends.

The Rosicrucians were the Master Mystics
in all ages and today they are organized in
Lodges, groups and colleges in all parts of
the world. In their teachings they secretly
preserve the ancient wisdom that made tho
Pyramid in Egypt the marvel of today and
the mystery temples of Greece the most
alluring places of strange achievements.

You may share in this great knowledge if
you are more than a mere seelcer for mys-
tery and magic. If you really desire to
master the arcane, occult knowledge of the
Masters, step by step, and become a true
Adept of the Rosicrucian Fraternity, you
may have the doorway opened to you.

The Rosicrucian teachings containing the
true knowledge of the mystics are never
published in books. But, you may borrow a
book called "The Light of Egypt,” in which
the strange story of the Rosicrucians is told
and an explanation of how you may have
the private teachings of the Rosicrucian
Fraternity in America.

Unless you are truly sincere and anxious
to gradually become developed in a superior
manner, do not ask for this book. Address
in confidence, giving name and address in a
letter (not on a postcard):

Librarian T. W. 1C.

AMORC TEMPLE

SAN JOS.K,	CALIF.

WisBQOKiO?

  Explains many mystifying tricks with
  coins, cards, handkerchiefs, etc., you
  can do. Also contains complete catalog of
  Magic Tricks, Jokes, Puzzles, Escape*.
  Curios, and Imported Novelties from
  many Foreign lands. Large assortment,
  lowest prices. You will amaze and
  mystify your friends 1 Send 10c today.

LYLE DOUGLAS.

 Station A*6	Daltjtf, Tosa*
284

WEIRD TALES

The Shadow Kingdom

(Con tinued from page 182)

and came at last to the council cham-
ber. The door was closed, as usual,
and the councilors arranged them-
selves in the order of their rank before
the dais upon which stood the king.
Like a bronze statue Brule took up
his stand behind Kull.

  Kull swept the room with a swift
st are. Surely no chance of treachery
here. Seventeen councilors there
were, all known to him; all of them
had espoused his cause when he
ascended the throne.

 "Men of Valusia-” he began in

the conventional manner, then halted,
perplexed. The councilors had risen
as a man and were moving toward
him. There was no hostility in their
looks, but their actions were strange
for a council room. The foremost was
close to him when Brule sprang for-
ward, crouched like a leopard.

  “ Ka nama kaa lajerama!” his voice
crackled through the sinister silence
of the room and the foremost coun-
cilor recoiled, hand flashing to his
robes; and like a spring released
Brule moved and the man pitched
headlong to the glint of his sword—
headlong he pitched and lay still
while his face faded and became the
head of a mighty snake.

  "Slay, Kull!” rasped the Piet’s
voice. ‘ ‘ They be all serpent men! ’ ’

  The rest was a scarlet maze. Kull
saw the familiar faces dim like fading
fog and in their places gaped horrid
reptilian visages as the whole band
rushed forward. His mind was dazed
but his giant body faltered not,

  The singing of his sword filled the
room, and the onrushing flood broke
in a red wave. But they surged for-
ward again, seemingly willing to fling
their lives away in order to drag down
the king. Hideous jaws gaped at
him; terrible eyes blazed into his un-
blinkingly; a frightful fetid scent

pervaded the atmosphere—the serpent
scent that Kull had known in south-
ern jungles. Swords and daggers
leaped at him and he was dimly aware
that they wounded him. But Kull was
in his element; never before had he
faced such grim foes but it mattered
little; they lived, their veins held
blood that could be spilt and they
died when his great sword cleft their
skulls or drove through their bodies.
Slash, thrust, thrust and swing. Yet
had Kull died there but for the man
who crouched at his side, parrying
and thrusting. For the king was clear
berserk, fighting in the terrible Atlan-
tean way, that seeks death to deal
death; he made no effort to avoid
thrusts and slashes, standing straight
up and ever plunging forward, no
thought in his frenzied mind but to
slay. Not often did Kull forget his
fighting craft in his primitive fury,
but now some chain had broken in his
soul, flooding his mind with a red
wave of slaughter-] ust. He slew a
foe at each blow, but they surged
about him, and time and again Brule
turned a thrust that would have
slain, as he crouched beside Kull, par-
rying and warding with cold skill,
slaying not as Kull slew with long
slashes and plunges, but with short
overhand blows and upward thrusts.

  Kull laughed, a laugh of insanity.
The frightful faces swirled about him
in a scarlet blaze. He felt steel sink
into his arm and dropped his sword
in a flashing arc that cleft his foe to
the breast-bone. Then the mists faded
and the king saw that he and Brule
stood alone above a sprawl of hideous
crimson figures who lay still upon
the floor.

 "Valka! what a killing!” said
Brule, shaking the blood from his
eyes. ‘ ‘ Kull, had these been warriors
who knew how to use the steel, we had
WEIRD TALES

285

died here. These serpent priests know
naught of swordcraft and die easier
than any men I ever slew. Yet had
there been a few more, I think the
matter had ended otherwise.”

  Kull nodded. The wild berserker
blaze had passed, leaving a mazed
feeling of great weariness. Blood
seeped from wounds on breast, shoul-
der, arm and leg. Brule, himself
bleeding from a score of flesh wounds,
glanced at him in some concern.

  "Lord Kull, Jet us hasten to have
your wounds dressed by the women. ’ ’
Kull thrust him aside with a drunk-
en sweep of his mighty arm.

  "Nay, we’ll see this through ere we
cease. Go you, though, and have your
wounds seen to—I command it.”

  The Piet laughed grimly. "Your
wounds are more than mine, lord

king-” he began, then stopped as

a sudden thought struck Mm. "By
Valka, Kull, tliis is not the council
room! ’ ’

  Kull looked about and suddenly i
other fogs seemed to fade. “Nay,
this is the room where Eallal died a
thousand years ago—since unused and
named ‘Accursed’.”

  “Then by the gods, they tricked us
after all!” exclaimed Brule in a fury,
kicking the corpses at their feet.
“They caused us to walk like fools
into their ambush! By their magic
they changed the appearance of
all-”

  "Then there is further deviltry
afoot,” said Kull, "for if there be
true men in the councils of Valusia
they should be in the real council
room now. Come swiftly.”

 And leaving the room with its
ghastly keepers they hastened through
halls that seemed deserted until they
came to the real council room. Then
Kull halted with a ghastly shudder.
From the council room sounded a
voice speaking, and the voice was his!

'\X7'ith a hand that shook he parted

V	▼ the tapestries and gazed into the
room. There sat the councilors, coun-

Peel Off The
Ugly “Thorns”

Get Rid of Those Pimples, Black-
heads, Freckles and Blemishes
This New Way!

Have a New Skin and Youth-Like

Complexion

READ FREE OFFER &c.i.OvV

LOOIC in your mirror in just a few days after
/ you do as instructed, and behold the clear,
new, youth-like skin and beauty complexion,
instead of seeing’ those awful “thorns in tho
flesh” called pimples, blackheads, large pores,
freckles, signs of aging and other disfiguring
blemishes that hide the true beauty you pos-
sess, but do not know it.

  This new discovery actually peels them off
harmlessly, and they’re gone for good, not cov-
ered up as with paint and powder. It's the
most amazing, yet simple way of gettiug rid
of skin blemishes you ever read of, and all
explained in a new treatise called “BEAUTI-
FUL NEW SKIN IN 3 DAYS” which now la
being mailed to readers of Weird Tales ABSO-
LUTELY FREE. Send no money, just name
and address and you will receive it by return
mail, in plain wrapper. If pleased, simply tell
your friends who may wish a clear, new spot-
less skin and youth-like complexion. Address.
Marvo Beauty Laboratories, Dept. 324-H, No.
1700 Broadway. New York, N. Y. Don't delay;
writo now!

I CHALLENGE

you that I will teach you. by mail, in one lesson, tho
simplest* shortest method all for $1.00. Not telepathy
You can read one's mind to a dot. by only looking in the
eyes of partner, chum, sweetheart, etc. Praised by Now
York, Boston, Montreal Police chiefs; college*; Thurston,
Blackstone; etc. If fake, let them arrest me.
A.MONRGNtAN.'SI Id C*«rka St., Qeut W. f. 5,
286

WEIRD TALES

terparts of the men he and Brule had
just slain, and upon the dais stood
Kull, king of Valusia.

  He stepped back, his mind reeling.

  “This is insanity!” he whispered.
“Am I Kull? Do I stand here or is
that Kull yonder in very truth and
am I. but a shadow, a figment of
thought?”

  Brule’s hand clutching his shoul-
der, shaking him fiercely, brought him
to his senses.

  “Valka’s name, be not a fool! Can
you yet be astounded after all we
have seen ? See you not that those are
true men bewitched by a snake-man
who has taken your form, as those
others took their forms? By now you
should have been slain and yon mon-
ster reigning in your stead, unknown
by those who bowed to you. Leap and
slay swiftly or else we are undone.
The Red Slayers, true men, stand
close on each hand and none but you
can reach and slay him. Be swift!”

  Kull shook off the onrushing dizzi-
ness, flung back his head in the old,
defiant gesture. He took a. long, deep
breath as does a strong swimmer be-
fore diving into the sea; then, sweep-
ing back the tapestries, made the dais
in a single lionlike bound. Brule had
spoken truly. There stood men of the
Red Slayers, guardsmen trained to
move quick as the striking leopard;
any but Kull had died ere he could
reach the usurper. But the sight of
Kull, identical with the man upon the
dais, held them in their tracks, their
minds stunned for an instant, and
that was long enough. He upon the
dais snatched for his sword, but even
as his fingers closed upon the hilt,
Kull’s sword stood out behind his
shoulders and the thing that men had
thought the king pitched forward
from the dais to lie silent upon the
floor.

  “Hold!” Kull’s lifted hand and
kingly voice stopped the rush that had
started, and while they stood astound-
ed he pointed to the thing which lay

before them—whose face was fading
into that of a snake. They recoiled,
and from one door came Brule and
from another came Ka-nu.

  These grasped the king’s bloody
hand find Ka-nu spoke: “Men of Va-
lusia, you have seen with your own
eyes. This is the true Kull, the might-
iest king to whom Valusia has ever
bowed. The power of the Serpent is
broken and ye be all true men. King
Kull, have you commands?”

  “Lift that carrion,” said Kull, and
men of the guard took up the thing.

  “Now follow me,” said the king,
and he made his way to the Accursed
Room. Brule, with a look of concern,
offered the support of his arm but
Kull shook him off.

  The distance seemed endless to the
bleeding king, but at last he stood at
the door and laughed fiercely and
grimly when he heard the horrified
ejaculations of the councilors.

  At his orders the guardsmen filing
the corpse they carried beside the
others, and motioning all from the
room Kull stepped out last and closed
the door.

  A wave of dizziness left him shaken.
The faces turned to him, pallid and
wonderingly, swirled and mingled in
a ghostly fog. He felt the blood from
his wound trickling down his limbs
and he knew that what he was to do,
he must do quickly or not at all.

  His sword rasped from its sheath.

  “Brule, are you there?”

  “Aye!” Brule’s face looked at him
through the mist, close to his shoul-
der, but Brule’s voice sounded leagues
and eons away.

  “Remember our vow, Brule. And
now, bid them stand back. ’ ’

  His left, arm cleared a space as he
flung up his sword. Then with all his
waning power he drove it through the
door into the jamb, driving the great
sword to the hilt and sealing the room
forever.

  Legs braced wide, he swayed drunk-
WEIRD TALES

287

enly, facing the horrified councilors.
"Let this room be doubly accursed.
And let those rotting skeletons lie
there forever as a sign of the dying
might of the serpent. Here I swear
that I shall hunt the serpent-men
from land to land, from sea to sea,
giving no rest until all be slain, that
good triumph and the power of Hell
be broken. This thing I swear—I—
Kull—king—of—Valusia. ’ ’

  His knees buckled as the faces
swayed and swirled. The councilors
leaped forward, but ere they could
reach him, Kull slumped to the floor,
and lay still, face upward.

  The councilors surged about the
fallen king, chattering and shrieking.
Ka-nu beat them back with his
clenched fists, cursing savagely.

  "Back, you fools! Would you stifle
the little life that is yet in him?
How, Brule, is he dead or will he
live? ’’—to the warrior who bent above
the prostrate Kull.

  "Dead?” sneered Brule irritably. !
"Such a man as this is not so easily
killed. Lack of sleep and loss of
blood have weakened him—by Valka,
he has a score of deep wounds, but
none of them mortal. Yet have those
gibbering fools bring the court women
here at once.”

  Brule’s eyes lighted with a fierce,
proud light.

  "Valka, Ka-nu, but here is such a
man as I knew not existed in these de-
generate days. He will be in the sad-
dle in a few scant days and then may
the serpent-men of the world beware
of Kull of Valusia. Valka! but that
will be a rare hunt! Ah, I see long
years of prosperity for the world with
such a king upon the throne of Valu-
sia.”

Another adventure of Kull the
king will be published
next month

                 Now you can have this new
amazing 8 in. combination
n 1 ID i l saw (18 tools in one) shipped
Dealers W anted on 15 days’ approval at
manufacturer’s risk. A com-
plete ideal machine shop for factory, work shop
or home; will rip, cross cut. bevel, miter, mor-
tise, groove, drill, tenon, grind, rabbet, buff and
polish. 1/3 H.P.-A.C. motor included with all at-
tachments. Write quick for special 10 day offer.

SCOTT-BANSBACH CO. fsAVE

160 S. Clinton St. Chicago | $15*00

XD1W KATHOSCOPE. Pock-
* et Detector. Every-
body wants it. See your best

girl and all she's doing. No _

  one knows; you see everything. Periscope operates In all
  climates; lasts lifetime; ready for use. Made of hard
  rubber. $1.00 cash with order for this wonderful instru-
  ment and 8 astonishing French pictures.

KATHOS CO., P. 0. Bo*8302, City Hall Post Office, NewYorkCity

TADArrA OR Snupf habit I
il UdALV»Ucsos No PArl

  ■ Any form, cigars, cigarettes, snuff, pipe chewing. Full treatment B

  I on trial. Harmless. Costs $1.50 if cured, nothing if it bus. Over It
  600,000 treatments used. SUPERBA CO. NT-17, Baltimore. Md. B

 Horoscope; two Questions answered. Or, four
 questions answered without horoscope. Birth-
 date and One Dollar. Aida K. Pendleton,
 G. P. O. Box 635, New York.

INVENTIONS WANTED — PATENTED, UN-

patented. If you have an idea for sale, write
Hartley, Box 928, Bangor. Maine.

$1260 to $3400 YEAR/ FRANKLIN INSTITUTE
Men Women 18 Up

Off any laiftnu ./ of charge, list of U. S. Govern
OICHUI VvUlfA rai'llt big pay positions now ob-

 Paid Vacations

 Common education
 usually sufficient / c

 Mail coupon / Name
 today—	/

 SURE	/ Addresi.

 tainablo. Send me FREE 32-page
 book describing salaries, hours, work,
 vacations and giving full particulars
 on how to get a position and sample
 coaching.
288

WEIRD TALES

 NEXT MONTH

The

WHITE WIZARD

 By SOPHIE WENZEL ELLIS

 A powerful weird story of un-
 canny surgery and brilliant
 scientific achievement. An eery tale
 of the jungles of South America,
 where dwelt a scientist who accom-
 plished incredible marvel* and at-
 tained super-knowledge by robbing
 the dead brains of the world’s mas-
 ter-minds and extracting from
 them their secrets.

 iiOoNFUCT, dramatic thrills, ro-
 mantic adventure, biood-freez-
 ing witchery are all in this vivid j
 story as the events unfold in the
 scientist’s garden of wonder and
 horror. And there is a beautiful
 girl, for whom the scientist cares
 dearly; and a huge ape, who also
 cares. . . . This unusual story will
 be printed complete in the

  September issue of

WEIRD TALES

! |

  On Sale August 1

                                                               !

  Olip and Mail this coupon today I

 WKIRB TAI.ES

 840 N. Michijraj! Ave.,

 Chicago, HI.

 Enclosed And $1 lor special -5 months eub-
 scription to "'Weird Tales” to begin with
 the September issue ($1.25 in Canada). Spe-
 cial oKer void unless remittance is accom-
 panied ty coupon.

                                                               .

Name __-	:

                                                               .

&Agnw ■ '
City----State_

The
U nconquemble
Enemy

(’Continued from page 278)

  lower upon the rail. Suddenly, to my
  inconceivable astonishment and dis-
  may, he toppled through and shot
  downward from his lofty height 1 I
  held my breath, expecting to see him
  crushed upon the stone floor beneath;
  but instead of that he fell full upon
  the raja’s breast, driving him through
  the cot to the floor. I sprang forward
  with a loud cry for help, and was in-
  stantly at the seene of the catastrophe.
  With indescribable horror I saw that
  Neranya’s teeth were buried in the
  raja’s throat! I tore the wretch away,
  but the blood was pouring from the
  raja’s arteries, his chest was crushed
  in, and he was gasping in the agony
  of death.

     People came running in, terrified. 1
  turned to Neranya. He lay upon his
  I back, his face hideously smeared with
  blood. Murder, and not escape, had
  been his intention from the begin-
  ning: and he had employed the only
  method by whieh there was ever a pos-
  sibility of accomplishing it. I knelt
  beside him, and saw that he too was
  dying; his back had been broken by
  the fall. He smiled sweetly into my
  face, and a triumphant look of accom-
  plished revenge sat upon his face even
  in death.

 Coming Soon—

SKULL-FACE

by ROBERT E. HOWARD

An astounding, eery and fasci-
nating serial story'of a mummy
that came up out of the sea
to rule the world.
can you solve this
mystery in a

 Weird things are happening! The rich and power-
 ful Caliph Sulaiman ordered that after his death
 his mummy be shipped to London^	|

  And TOW that he is dead, British Anny, completely Wislaved
  mvsterious things are hao* by Zuililcs s beautyj also

 ^mysterious tnings ,-, p f gay, f »*ci

                    ?	scrupulous. Then,

  Is it Anita ?
  Is it Seaforth?

 pening among the
 that touched th
 life—strange disa
 —baffling disguisi
 tives covertly th
 every turn as the;
 solve the riddle
 Mummy Case.

  In such a mae
 human greed am
 almost anything i
 for there is—

    Zuilika, the Turkish
 Ing her rival with true

    ting, un-
there is
Sting Spanish

Caliph’s Anita, iho
earanees dancer; and
— tie tec-

Is it Ulchester r

Is it Zuilika i

 at'
 re to
 of the

 am of
 passion,
 possl >le,

   Almost every one of these people
 has a grudge against at least one of
 the others, but what has really
 happened? Has some one been
 murdered?

   If so, WHO IS THE VICTIM AND
 WHO IS THE MURDERER?

   Never was there such plot and
 counterplot, such Mystery
 within a Mystery! To solve it
 and many other astounding
 situations, send today for

                    feion; and Major Burnhamv »| the situations, send today for

»SCOTlXNDYARD

MYSTERY

LIBRARY

--By Thomas Hanshew

  12 Thrilling Volumes of t
  Ever Written—At a bar]

 T\RAW up your chair and prepare for
 -Lt the most entertaining hours of your
 life, for these are the amazing stories
 of Scotland Yard itself—master tales by
 Britain’s greatest writers of detective
 mysteries, Hanshew and Wallace!

  Here indeed, is your rare opportunity to
  get behind the scenes and watch the keen-
  est minds of Scotland Yard solve their
  most baffling cases.

Good Mystery Stories a Great Boon

 Why are such men as Herbert Hoover,
 Thomas A. Edison and Premier Baldwin
 devotees of the mystery story?

  You know the answer. These men have dis-
  covered that good mystery stories rout
  worries, stimuiate.the imagination, sharpen
  the wits, and give complete relaxation.

    Edgar Wallace —

      It Puzzling Mysteries
      you act promptly!

 Nowhere else indeed will you receive so
 much enjoyment for so little money as in
 these 4,000 extraordinary pages of gripping
 tales—stories you will read over and over Is It
 with increasing delight!	Major

Introductory Bargain Offer	bam*? C

 To help secure quick introduction we are
 offering a limited number of these superb	Jy

 sets at 28% below the publishers’ prices!

 But to secure this bargain you must >

ACT QUICKLY!	<-

       Complete Sets
 FREE ON APPROVAL
 Simply mail the coupon today and
 read them 10 days free. Then
 if not delig'
 expense

                Dept.
    * ,	319

'>	8-29

  a McKINLAY,
  $ STONE &
  MACKENZIE.
  114 E. 16thSt.N.V.

Send me for free exam-

       ination, all charges pre-
       •' ~	’ * Yard

                y

 umes, handsomely bound in

/' paid, The Scotland___

O Mystery Library in 12 vol-

 if not delighted, return at our
 ). But act quickly be-
 fore the edition is exhausted.
 SEND COUPON TODAY!

&

           cloth. If at the end of 10 dav*»
   <y I am more than delighted, I shall
   O keep them and send you $1 prompt-
   k lv and $1 a month thereafter for
   only 14 months. Otherwise, 1 will re-
   turn the set in 10 days at your expense,
   the examination to cost me nothing.

SWUmw” KSIUllO	*8!u»9 *»u«[ **«	XStu.«OY»M	*ETU«t>W«c XWUmVtfS

«Wr_uw»' *Hart utW non^uM*" Kmt, vtu>'	!***' iTOmiin1 *anrt ui*c ■Kutr vtv'' mmwi1 ««iinW W»m»"

CLCEK CUEK. CLEEK'S the THtRHJOi THE	T« ft&OU THE THERlOOtf nttMBTH' TWWOOtf

OF TMfMiKOf MnmtKT SQUEALER	HiTHERW

SCOTLAND FORTY CASE 5	fUftPLt $e*«nT AMBEf

VAfiO UCES hZw	EMPEROR	SHIP

PuftpLt serpent a*ber HttriRiotf arm night froze* Jpihhiho

V*u>« EMPEROR	SHiP tlGHT	FLAME WHEEL

McKinlaj, Stone & Mackenzie, Dept. 319
114 East 16th Street, New York, N. Y.

j Name.................

 Street...........................

City__________________________________________________State..

 (50(o off for cash). Age: Over 21?.-------------Under SI?..
No alibis now for
   not learning to play!

    ,n T°

to° haR	£ fROM

- , DON'T UKE THE lOtA OF
A PRIVATE TEACHER

ooN

Easy as A-B-C to become a popular musician
on any instrument this “no teacher” way

     HY let your imagination
run loose and keep you from
becoming a popular musician?
Haven’t you heard that there is
a way of learning to play your
favorite instrument in a few short
months? Without taking lessons
from a teacher! Without paying
expensive fees! Without any tire-
some technique or dry-as-dust ex -
ercises to struggle through—a
way that has been vouched for by
over a half-million people in all
*iarts of the world!

  The U. S. School of
Music has completely re-
moved all the difficulty,
boredom and extrava-
gance from music les-
sons. It has made the
reading and playing of
music so downright sim-
ple that you don’t have
to know one note from
another to begin.

 It’s So Easy!

  Your own home is your
studio. The lessons come
to you by mail. They con-
sist of complete printed
instruction, diagrams,
and all music you need.

  You study with a smile. For instead of
just scales you learn to play real tunes
from actual* notes—right from the very
first lesson on. And you’re never in hot
water. 'First, you are told how a thing is
done, then a picture shows you how,
then you do it yourself and hear it.
No private teacher could make it clearer
or easier.

“Goodbye Blues”

  Sooner than you realize you will be
bringing cheer to the folks at home with
your playing. Gradually you gain con-
fidence and professional expression.
Then parties, popularity, orchestra work
follow in short order.
You’ll know how good it
feels to be out of the
wallflower class and into
the whirl of things . . •
to be able to provide
musical enjoyment for
others whenever you are
called upon.

  The abundance of goys
that music can bring into
anyone’s life is now yours
to share. Let the time-
proven and tested U. S.
School home-study
method help you to in-
creased pleasure and
financial gain. Bear in
mind no matter which in-
strument you# select—the
cost of learning in each
casewill averagethe same
—just a, few cents a day !

Free Book and Demon-
stration Lesson

  Our wonderful illustrated Free Book
and our Free Demonstration Lesson ex-
plain all about this remarkable method.
They prove just how anyone can learn
to play his favorite instrument in half
the time and for just a fraction of what
old slow methods cost. The booklet will
also tell you all about the .tmazing
new Automatic Finger Control.

  If you really want to learn to play—
if new friends, good times, social popu-
larity, and increased income appeal to
you—take this opportunity 1o make
your dreams come true. Now ! Sign the
coupon and send it before it’s too late.
Instruments supplied when needed, cash
or credit. U. S. School of Music, 466
Brunswick Building:, New York City

F. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC

466 Brunswick Bldg., New York City

  Please send me your free book, "Music
Lessons in Your Own Horn with introduc-
tion by Dr. Frank Crane, Free Demonstration
Lesson, and particulars of your easy payment
plan. J am interested in the following course:

                       Have You

This Ins.? _____

Name

Address ..

City _________________ State

PICK YOUR
INSTRUMENT

 Piano Piccolo
 Organ ’Cello
 Violin Sight Singing
 Drums Ukulele
 and Hawaiian
 Traps Steel Guitar
 Guitar Clarinet
 Mandolin Flute
 Harp Saxophone
 Cornet Trombone
 Voice and Speech Culture
 Automatic Finger
 Control
 Piano Accordion
 Banjo (Plectrum, 5-
 String or Tenor)